Archive-name: Changes/hnymoon5.txt
Archive-author: Katherine Alicia Harrison
Archive-title: Honeymoon, The - Part 5


In our previous episodes Lisa (formerly Kenny) was examined by her
doctor to receive her new breast implants. She is scheduled to have
the work done within the week as well as some other minor plastic
surgery to enhance her features. A little more than a week after
her surgery she is to be married to John Waterman, soap opera star
and taken on her honeymoon to Hawaii. 
In this episode she receives her implants and takes care of the
last minute details before the wedding.
***************************************************************** 
All week long Lisa had been nervous about the surgery. She had
never stayed in the hospital before let alone had any surgery done.
If it were not for the other work she was having done,(cheeks) she
would of had the implants done as an out-patient. Nicole readied
Lisa to go to the hospital. She wore casual clothes, her new
Jordache jeans, and a new red angora sweater with multi-colored
jeweled studs at the collar. She wore her black lace bra and panty
set and a pair of black lace pantyhose with her black 4" pumps. The
bra fit her well now at a 36A but she would have to wear something
else to support her new C-cup figure after the surgery. Nicole
packed her things for her stay at the hospital and her return trip,
then they left. 
Upon arriving at the hospital they met Dr. Williams and checked
in.
Lisa was taken to her room and given a mild sedative to relax her.
Nicole kissed her on the cheek and let her know that she would be
waiting for her when she got out. 
They set up Lisa with an IV and brought her into the pre-op area.
She saw Dr. Collins, the anesthetist and was assured that
everything was going to be OK. She was given additional anesthetics
in the IV as well as locals. The implants were the new texturized
saline type with the scar resistant poly cover. They had a built
in nipple enhancement to further elevate the areolae and lift the
nipple. The implants were inserted through a small incision beneath
Lisa's arms and were implanted under the muscle tissue. The implant
was small but when put in would give Lisa a full C-cup and would
be quite pronounced on her petite frame.  Dr. Williams was very
methodical with the procedure when it was over it was a full
success. Dr. Williams also performed a procedure to put small
plastic inserts over the cheekbones to further accentuate her
features. This is a relatively new procedure but had been quite
effective in the recent past. Having everything go quite smoothly,
Lisa was taken back to her room where Nicole waited for her to
awaken. As lisa rose from her sleep she was still quite groggy.
"Nicole, are you there?" "I'm here honey, right beside you." "My
head hurts, my face feels funny." Lisa said. "That's the implants
in your cheeks. Dr. Williams said that there would be a little
swelling for about a day or so, then everything would feel fine."
Nicole replied as she gave Lisa a sip of water. Lisa finally
realized how much she had grown and said "I'm going to have a hard
time sleeping on my stomach for now on." as both she and Nicole
both laughed out loud. It hurt to laugh. Lisa and Nicole talked for
a while until Lisa was too tired to keep her eyes open. She fell
asleep and Nicole left for the evening. Lisa dreamed of the events
that happened to date. Usually the dreams were more of a nightmare.
They were always so confusing and usually ended with her waking up
in a cold sweat. Tonight was different. at first the dream started
out as usual, a disjointed series of events where she was both
Kenny and Lisa throughout the dream. Then things started to become
clearer. She started to see herself totally as Lisa. She dreamed
of her wedding and it was wonderful. She dreamed of her wedding
night with John. He was so gentile with her and treated her like
a princess. For the first time since the transformation she was
totally content. 
She awoke early in the morning and gingerly got out of bed. The
sutures under her arms were covered by small gauze bandages. She
had both internal and small external sutures to prevent scaring.
She was wearing a hospital robe. She carefully went into the
bathroom. Behind the door was a full length mirror. She closed the
door and took off her robe. She was in awe of what she saw. Her
breasts were perfect. Large round globes that sat high on her
petite torso. Her nipples were large, firm and erect in the
coolness of the bathroom. As Kenny, Lisa could remember seeing
copies of Playboy and centerfolds who had titties not quite as
beautiful as hers. She carefully touched them and noticed how soft
and moldable they were  and how they moved with her. She was
totally intrigued with her new body. At first she didn't notice
that her cheeks were black and blue. Upon further examination she
realized that the small implants had changed the whole contour of
her face. It was now much more angular, she looked much more
feminine in shape, even through the bruises were quite evident. She
went into the closet and took out a pink flannel nitie that Nicole
had packed for her that had a button down front. Dr. Williams told
her that she would have a little discomfort raising her arms for
a day or so. She put on the nitie and a pair of cotton panties and
got back into bed. Until about 8:00 when her breakfast arrived.
Seeing what they served for breakfast, she decided the best way to
stay on her diet was to stay in the hospital. At about 9:30 Nicole
came in and was glad to see Lisa all bright eyed and bushy tailed.
She brought some flowers from John (he had promised not to see her
until the day after when she felt more comfortable about seeing
her.). Nicole had set them up to leave at 11:00, the Nurse came in
to give her medication and right before they Lisa got dressed, Dr.
Williams came in and checked her out. "Everything seems in order
Lisa, the swelling is much lower than I expected."
Nicole made a crack "I don't know about that, it looks like a hell
of a lot of swelling to me." They all had a laugh and said their
goodbyes. Lisa had an appointment in a week to take out the sutures
before the wedding. Nicole helped Lisa into the tank dress that she
brought for her, she couldn't wear a bra until tomorrow. The yellow
ribbed dress was quite tight and quite short. When Lisa saw herself
in the mirror she realized what she really looked like. The tank
was cut low enough to show off her beautiful titties. Her firm
nipples pushed into the tight bodice of the dress. With the dress
Nicole had given her a pair of black french cut panties, sheer
black pantyhose and a wide black belt. She wore her heart necklace
and her gold cuff bracelet and assorted rings. Nicole brushed back
her hair and pulled it into a french braid on which she tied a
large black velvet bow. She brushed her bangs into a wispy carefree
style. Nicole spent alot of time on her eyes and lips. She put a
little powder on her cheeks, for she was still black and blue,
being careful not to go near the microfine sutures near her ears. 
She stepped into her 9 West pumps and went to look at herself in
the mirror. For the first time she couldn't think of herself as
being once a boy, she was all girl! The nurse came in to wheel her
to the front door. "Hospital rules you know", she said. Nicole
grabbed her things and they were off. The nurse wheeled her to the
door by the parking garage and the two girls walked to the car.
Lisa had a little fun flirting with some construction workers
working in the garage. They were totally aroused by the time the
two girls got to the car. Nicole quickly drove off before Lisa got
them into more than they could handle. Lisa was laughing and crying
at the same time. Laughing because of all of the fun she was
having, crying because when she laughed it hurt.  By the time they
got home, Lisa was exhausted. She slept the day away. The next
morning she was feeling much better. Nicole had to go to work that
day and she had the run of the house. She got up and took off her
nitie. She loved how she looked. She washed up, careful not to get
her sutures wet. (Dr. Williams said by the end of the day, she
wouldn't have to worry about them.) She was able to wear one of her
new bra and panty sets. The bra had a demi cup in a floral on black
design, the panties were a thong style bikini, with ties on the
sides. She had picked the set out when she and Nicole spent about
two hours in Victoria's Secret at the mall. She through on a cute
short midriff style pink sweater, a pair of very tight white jeans
and a pair of pink flats. She dabbed on some light makeup, but
always lots of mascara and her gold drop earrings and gold belt.
She brushed back her hair and tied a white bow from a pretty, wide
ribbon she found in Nicoles dresser, around her long tresses.
Contented that she looked better than acceptable, she through some
money and some things she thought she would need in the new large
Fendi bag she had bought and took a walk to the corner stores. She
felt wonderful as she walked. It was a warm day. The sun was
shining and the breeze was blowing. With every step her new bosom
moved freely, even though being supported by her bra. She had lost
considerable amount of weight in the last month almost 15 lbs.
Considering as Kenny s/he had only weighed 130 at 5'5", as Lisa at
116, her waist was slim and firm. Couple that with her ample chest
and her cute behind encased in a pair of jeans that looked as if
they were sprayed on, Lisa drew quite a bit of male attention as
she walked down the street. She loved it and took full advantage
of her womanly charms.
She stopped at the corner newsstand and saw Mr. Ventura, he was a
cute old man and loved the ladies. He doted on Lisa, trying to
catch a glimpse of anything that he could. Lisa flirted with him
and teased him, she thought he was so cute. She picked up her
copies of Cosmo, Glamour, Vogue, Brides and even bought a copy of
Playgirl, she felt like a little vixen today, and said goodbye to
Mr. Ventura, she even kissed him on the cheek. He looked very
appreciative. (She was afraid that may have been too much for him!)
As she was leaving the store she saw the cover of the latest Star.
She couldn't believe her eyes. Right on the cover was a picture of
her kissing John at their engagement party. The headline read 
"SEXY SOAP STAR TO MARRY MYSTERY MODEL...WHO IS SHE?" and said
"read more inside." She was petrified. What if they were to find
out she was once Kenny. She had read about Tula, the Bond girl, who
was a Transsexual. She was scarred to death that they would know.
She was shaking as she opened the page about the article. All it
said was that the Star was undertaking an investigative report to
find out more about this new enchantress. She was scarred. She went
back into Mr. Ventura's store and called Nicole at the office.
Nicole assured her that she would be OK. She had pulled together
enough background that could be substantiated that she had nothing
to worry about, she would go over all of it with her before she
went out on her date with John tonight. Lisa felt much better. She
said goodbye to Mr. Ventura again. He complained that he did not
get a kiss. Lisa said OK and he kissed her back. She said "Fresh"
and pushed him back playfully. With that she left the store. Her
final stop before she went back home was the grocery store. She
picked up some yogurt and a six pack of Perrier and went to the
register.
The checkout girl recognized her from her picture on the cover of
the Star. She asked for Lisa's autograph. Lisa was shocked, this
was far beyond what she had thought would be happening to her.
The girl handed her a copy of the star and asked her to autograph
the picture of her and John. She found out the girls name was
Joyce. Lisa wrote in large graceful letters "To Joyce, this is my
first autograph...Best of Luck, Love, Lisa Healy Waterman." She
used her yet-to-be married name and dotted the "i" in Lisa with a
cute little heart, hoping to make the signature look as feminine
as possible. Joyce thanked her profusely and Lisa returned home. 
For most of the day she sat around the house and read her
magazines, watched the soaps, especially John's and fiddled with
her hair. At 3:30 she walked over to Susan's salon to have her
nails and hair done for the evening. Susan and Brittany welcomed 
Lisa and Brittany brought her a glass of white wine. Jo Anne came
over and they all talked. Lisa had asked both Brittany and Jo Anne
to be bridesmaids in her wedding along with Nicole as her Maid of
Honor. Lisa wanted to tell her sister, or rather Kenny's sister
about everything that had happened and so much wanted her to be a
bridesmaid as well. But until now she had been too afraid. She
would like her sister and mother to be at the wedding.
That was going to be most difficult.
All of the girls were going to the boutique for their final
fittings tomorrow. They were gabbing and laughing and having a
wonderful time. Jo Anne did Lisa's nails. She had been coming in
every few days for additional treatments. So she only needed a
couple of coats of color, a deeper red this time and some
additional topcoat and strengthener. Britanny washed Lisa's hair
and talked about her date last weekend with       . He knows about
her and apparently does not object too much. At first he had a hard
time accepting that Brittany was once a boy, but now he seems to 
accept it. After they went out to a movie on Saturday night they
went up to the point and made out for a while. It got hot and heavy
and Brittany ended up giving him a blow-job. She had a hard time
taking him all in at first, but after relaxing her throat he was
able to inch down further. "He's really hung" she said giggling and
whispering. "I want to be able to take him all the way in without
gagging, so i've been practicing on a... banana." Both she and Lisa
giggled at the thought." We are going to the prom together, i'm so
excited. First your wedding, then the prom and after the prom were
all going down to the shore. I can't wait!" 
Lisa could obviously see how excited Brittany was and she was happy
for her. Brittany finished the shampoo and conditioning of Lisa's
hair and Brought her over to Jo Anne's chair for her style and set.
Jo Anne went a little wild with the hairspray. When she was done,
Lisa's hair was wild and dramatic. She looked like a tigress with
a wild mane of fiery red coming off her face. Sandy then did her
make up in very rich earth tones of gold and copper with small
amounts of mauve and violets. She used what Lisa must of thought
was a gallon of mascara and took over 20 minutes on her lips in a
deep red to match her nails. When they were done, Lisa needed to
rush home in order to be ready in time for her date. They said
their goodbyes and she grabbed a cab home. Nicole arrived about the
same time and they had about an hour and a half before John came
to pick her up. They were going to the Television Writers guild
dinner that night. Apparently this was the place to be and be seen.
So Lisa needed to look especially luscious that night. She had
bought an especially sexy outfit at a local boutique that week and
decided to wear it to the dinner. It was sort of a harem girl type
of look and would not go unnoticed. First she put on a pair of the
most luxurious pantyhose she had ever worn. They were very
expensive and were a dark suntan tint with gold flecks all over
them. they were absolutely sheer to the waist, they had to be
considering the rest of the outfit. Over the pantyhose she wore a
very brief pair of black satin bikini panties that just covered her
crotch and covered a very small part of her derriere. They were
seemed and gave a lot of definition to her behind. 
Next Nicole had to help her put on the most complicated pants she
had ever worn. They were black, very sheer, harem pants that tied
with little  bows at the waist and ankles but were slit all the way
up the sides. They were sheer enough that in the right light you
could see all the way through to her panties. Extreamly Sexy!
The pants ties just above her hips and sat very low on her waist.
On top she wore a gold bandeau bikini top in metalized lurex. It
came around her body as a band of gold fabric and was connected at
the front by a gold "V" connector that totally exposed her ample
cleavage. She was so excited that her nipples were rigid and pushed
to project through the thin material. Over the top she wore a short
bolero jacket that was very open in the front. It was a light black
satin with gold brocade and assorted faux jewels and had large
sheer black, puffy sleeves that poofed out at the shoulders.
Nicole then helped with the finishing touches. She let Lisa wear
her diamond and ruby pendant that had many diamond and ruby drops
off a multi layer gold chain. The center ruby hung down into her
cleavage. Nicole fastened a bracelet of small gold coins around
Lisa's left ankle and gave her a gold cuff bracelet for one hand
and several chain bracelets for the other. She took out the largest
cold earrings Lisa had ever seen and attached them to each of
Lisa's dainty earlobes. They hung down to her shoulders and were
encrusted with jewels. To complete the effect, the jacket was so
short, that Lisa's midriff was completely exposed. Nicole decided
to do something fanciful and got out some surgical adhesive that
she had and glued a large faux ruby into Lisa's navel. Nicole
stepped back to admire her work. She forgot the last thing. She
went to her room and brought out the shoes that she bought for Lisa
to wear with this outfit. They were black suede spiked pumps with
5" heals and at strategic points on the pump were flashes of gold
brocade. Lisa stepped into the pumps and found that they were a
perfect fit, but had pointy toes and would take some getting used
to. Lisa walked over to the mirror and saw that she had become a
man's sexual fantasy, a slave girl. She was the sexiest creature
that she had ever seen. Nicole sprayed her all over with lots of
Halston night, her favorite perfume. Lisa just stood and stared at
her reflection in the mirror. The whole time Nicole was telling her
on how she had been covering Lisa's tracks as far back as she
could. She had some stock photos doctored from an older shoot to
look like Lisa. These plus the pictures she was taking tomorrow at
the Brides magazine photo shoot would help start her new portfolio.
She had some school records doctored and had a birth certificate
put together. She even found a high school yearbook that had a girl
about Lisa's age named Lisa Healy who looked alot like Lisa. She
had done some checking and found that the girl was killed with her
family in a small plane crash several years ago. 
On friday Nicole was going to take Lisa to get her drivers Licence
and tomorrow after the shoot, she and John were to get their
Marriage Licence. (Dr. Morrison, the endocrinologist was going to
do the blood test.) Nicole felt that she had Lisa's past covered
for almost any eventuality. Lisa, feeling more self assured, did
some final touchups on her makeup as she heard the doorbell ring.
Nicole went down to see John standing there in his tux with a
single red rose and a small gift box for Lisa. Nicole brought John
into the parlor and fixed him a short drink then went upstairs to
get Lisa. She checked Lisa out and assured that everything was
perfect Lisa made her grand entrance down the front stairs. John
looked up and his jaw almost hit the floor. She was radiant, a
total fantasy! John took Lisa's hand when she reached the bottom
step and kissed it gallantly.  She twirled for him so that he could
get a better look. In the light he saw a vision of total beauty.
Her derriere was exposed, save the minimal covering of her satin
bikini's, through the sheer fabric of the pants. Her newly enlarged
breasts were encased in the gold bikini top and her nipples were
standing at attention just for John. He brought her over to the
love seat and kissed her deeply. He said, "You are the woman I have
always dreamed of, I will Love you forever." They embraced and
kissed again. With that John handed Lisa, the rose and the small
box that he had brought. She opened it and gasped when she saw it. 
It was a new larger engagement ring almost 4 carats! He felt the
other one was too small. He slid the smaller one off and put it on
her right index finger. On the left hand he put on the new ring.
Lisa loved it the setting was platinum and beautifully carved. She
kissed John over and over again. John said that they had to go in
order not to be late. Lisa went back upstairs to fix her makeup.
With Nicoles help she got it done quickly and grabbed the black
satin clutch that she had transferred all of her essentials to and
went to leave. It was a warm night so even as scantily clad as she
was, she didn't need a jacket. John whisked her off in the stretch
limo to the dinner. When they arrived the paparazzi were
everywhere. John helped Lisa from the car and almost 100 flashes
went off at once. The crowd cheered Lisa and you could hear alot
of conversation from the crowd about how she looked.
They went into the dinner and had a wonderful time. Everyone at
their table were most complementary about Lisa and she was the talk
of the evening as far as her fashion statement. She and John danced
almost every dance the band played. After a while, John started to
poop out and asked Lisa to sit one out. Lisa was having such a good
time that she put on her little girl pout and said "Come on honey,
just a couple of more." John tried one more and then left Lisa out
on the dance floor with his co-star Bill Lyon. They danced two or
three dances before they sat down. Lisa knew how much she turned
on Bill thinking to herself,"he must be hung like a horse", since
he pressed his body against hers and she felt his huge member 
grinding into her. Lisa went around to the other tables and said
Hello to the people that they had met at their engagement party. 
When the night was over, they returned to the limo for the ride
home. In the limo they passionately embraced, kissing each other
deeply, tongues darting into each others mouths. John couldn't take
it anymore. He had to have her and couldn't wait for the wedding
night. "Lisa I must make love to you, here and NOW!" Lisa could
hold back no longer as well. John reached behind and undid the
clasp on her top. It fell away exposing her luscious breasts. Her
nipples as hard as bullets. He began sucking them lustfully. Lisa
reached down and removed Johns cummerbund and opened his pants. She
reached in and was able to pull down his shorts, in front of her,
for the first time, was a huge cock for her to relish as a woman
in the heat of passion. She maneuvered her self and grasped the
large male organ with her petite hand. It was a strange sensation
for her to see her own hand, with lavishly painted nails and
exquisite jewels, clutching the pulsing rod. As she stroked, she
knew that John was feeling pleasure from her touch. They both
wanted more. Lisa bent over and began to lick the end of John's
throbbing cock. A small amount of ooze came from the tip. It tasted
salty to Lisa, not all that difficult for her to take. Easing
herself down, she slowly began to take more and more of the huge
shaft into her mouth. She sucked on the cock and slowly got to the
point where the tip was reaching the back of her throat. She
stopped momentarily, afraid that she would gag. Gaining her
composure she continued to take more and more of the monstrous
organ into her body. She could actually feel this hard cock moving
down into her throat. John was very patient with her pausing to
keep her from gagging. He stroked her hair and rubbed her cheeks
and brow encouraging her all of the way. Finally she got almost the
whole thing buried into her throat. Slowly she moved up and down
the almost 10" of steel hard manhood, swallowing to lubricate her
throat to accept the cocks mass. John's pulse began to rise, as he
held Lisa's head and guided it with his own pulsations. Pretty soon
they had both lost all abandon. John was gripping Lisa's head and
stuffing the full length deep into Lisa's throat. Lisa held her
composure and took all that John gave her, Lisa could feel John's
body begin to surge as she gripped his tight ass and he jammed
himself deep into her mouth. She felt the warmth of the hot fluid
squirt down inside of her, as she started to gag from the volume,
John pulled out a bit and deposited the balance of his load into
her mouth. It was too much for her to handle and some of the hot
cum streamed out of her mouth. She swallowed what she could and
caught her breath. The cum she could not swallow she had caught in
her hand and after pausing for a brief moment, promptly licked the
balance from her fingers and swallowed it all. John kissed Lisa all
over, saying over and over again that he had never had a sexual
experience quite like that one. He hugged her close to her body and
gave her a drink of vodka from the bar in the back of the limo.
Apparently John had informed the driver to drive around for a
while, because they were no where near home. John reached down and
untied the bows at Lisa's ankles and waist and the delicate fabric
of her pants fell away. He helped her out of her panties and
pantyhose and even removed the device that was concealing her
former maleness. The hormone treatments had shrunk her little cock
and balls so much that the almost disappeared beneath her. Right
now she wished that they had totally gone away and she had a nice
warm pussy in their place. John was most gentile with her and
caressed her body. He kissed her all over and maneuvered himself
so that he was kissing and caressing her cute little bottom. He
reached down and gently spread Lisa's asscheeks and started darting
his tongue in and around her tight little hole. Lisa's body began
to respond to his probing and they both moved to the pulse of their
lovemaking. Satisfied that he had lubricated her orifice
sufficiently, he positioned himself behind her and moved Lisa to
her knees elevating her awaiting derriere to accept his tool. He
rubbed the head of his cock over her tight puckered hole and slowly
pushed the head of his cock into Lisa's awaiting opening. At first
the pain was intense. Lisa yelped as the cock head entered her
stretched orifice. John held himself as steadily as he could, with
the exception of the bumps in the road, until Lisa's sphincter
eased and he could continue. Lisa bore the pain hoping as John
entered further the discomfort would ease. Slowly but surely Lisa
opened up and John entered deeper and deeper onto her body until
finally he was all the way in. Lisa could feel Johns balls resting
on her backside. She could not believe that all of that man was
buried inside of her. John began to pump his hardness into her body
and Lisa responded to his thrusts. Here she was being made love to,
as an incredibly sexy woman, by a man most women would die for.
John pumped and pumped and pushed deeply into Lisa's awaiting body.
She moved with him feeling her blood rise from within her. He
reached around and played with her nipples and he pumped into her
body. John moved faster and faster until his body tensed. Lisa
could feel every movement of his twitching cock inside of her and
it drove her wild. She clenched her teeth and threw back her head
and her wild mane of red hair trying to continue pumping Johns
pulsing cock into her body. With that John exploded into her
filling her behind with more of his warm ooze. Lisa came as well,
only a few drops came from the little remnants of her cock, but
Lisa's body continued to shiver from several orgasms until John
pulled out of her bottom. Having not waited for the wedding night,
John instructed the driver to take them back to his apartment. They
fixed each other up in order to make it up the elevator to John's
penthouse, where they wasted no time getting back to where they
left off.
(To be continued.) 

--
