Archive-name: Changes/hnymoon8.txt
Archive-author: Katherine Alicia Harrison
Archive-title: Honeymoon, The - Part 8


This is the continuing story of the transformation of Kenny into
Lisa, her engagement to the sexy soap opera star John Waterman and
in the last episode, her wedding day. When part 7 concluded, Lisa
was dressed to accompany John to their hotel before they are to
leave on their honeymoon. And now the final episode of 
The Honeymoon.
***************************************************************
John escorted Lisa to their awaiting Limo for the ride into midtown
and their night at the Plaza. John had arranged for the "Honeymoon"
suite. When they arrived at the hotel, the bellman took their
things up to the room. Lisa and John stopped downstairs to register
and then made their way upstairs. John did the traditional bit of
carrying Lisa over the threshold, while Lisa giggled at his old
fashioned ways. He put her down at the edge of the bed and they
locked in a passionate embrace. Lisa said to John, "I want to
please you in every way possible." and stepped back from him as he
sat on the bed. She slowly did a extreamly provocative striptease,
removing the tight fitted jacket of her pretty white suit and
slowly lowering the zipper and slipping out of her short tight
skirt. She stood there in front of him looking like a centerfold
from Playboy. She still had the pill box hat with the blusher over
her eyes on. Her beautiful red hair was gathered in a white ribbon
that left a stream of curls cascading down over her exquisite back
and shoulders. Around her neck was a beautiful string of perfectly
matched pearls and large pearl drop earrings graced her petite
lobes. The Victorian corset she was wearing lifted her breasts high
and forward fully exposing her turgid nipples. The corset was
heavily boned and gave her the perfect hourglass figure. Pink
ribbon was weaved throughout the lace frills decorating the sexy
corset. A lace g-string bikini panty covered her feminized crotch
only showing a lace "V" in the front and a pretty lace bow scantily
covering her bottom. The garters of the corset were attached to
sexy white lace stockings that adorned her most curvaceous legs
which were perched high on her white patent pumps. 
Lisa slowly undid the buttons on John's tuxedo shirt and ran her
nails over his masculine chest. She reached down and undid his
pants and released his throbbing member from it's confinement.
Wrapping her feminine hands with their long red nails around the
shaft of his steely cock, she bent down and took the rod to her
painted lips kissing the head and leaving an impression of her ruby
lipstick on its tip. She began to lick the shaft and suck on his
large balls, finally taking his staff into her waiting mouth.
Caught up in the moment, even the last vestiges of her own
masculinity were aroused by the passion as she felt her little cock
grow firm with lust. Sucking fervently on his cock, she brought him
to the brink several times until she felt he was not able to take
it any more. She rose from the bed and stood by the window at the
balcony. It was a warm night and her ultimate fantasy was to make
love under the stars that night. She thought open the doors to the
balcony. A warm breeze was blowing, but it was cool on her skin,
making her nipples stand erect. She stepped up onto the step on the
edge of the balcony, twenty floors above the street, standing as
the very image of feminine sensuality in the moonlight. She gripped
the railing on the piazza as John came up from behind her and
wrapped his arms around her voluptuous body. She wanted him badly,
right then. He positioned himself behind her and entered her love
canal. Her cock grew rigid as he filled her bottom with his
phallus. She let out a high pitched moan as he filled her
completely. The moon was full that evening, John was naked and he
was buried inside of her on the terrace of their suite. Her body
adorned with the most feminine trappings imaginable. He drove the
rigid piston into her repeatedly and finally came in a torrent of
warm ooze. She fell limp in his arms after experiencing three
orgasms herself. (She had never experienced multiple orgasms
before.) She was still quivering with erotic desire, but totally
spent from their fervent love-making. After recovering from their
initial encounter, they made love several more times until dawn. 

They were set to leave on their honeymoon that morning at 9:00. 
Lisa fixed herself up and got ready to go to the airport. She
wanted to be comfortable for their long flight, but knew that she
had to live up to her new image as both model and wife of a sexy
soap star. She had bought a very sexy, while comfortable outfit
that she thought would be perfect. It was an ivory crepe jumpsuit
with diaphanous shear pants and a low cut halter top. Her only
underwear was a very expensive pair of shear-to-the-waist
pantyhose. The crepe was quite shear and clung to her every curve.
The slightest outline of her areolae was able to be seen through
the translucent fabric of her halter. Her turgid nipples were quite
apparent. She wore a wide gold lurex scarf as a belt and wore bold
gold jewelry including dangling gold earrings, a choker necklace
in a primitive style and gold cuff bracelets. The full cut of the
pants hung as a long shear skirt, her sexy legs were quite apparent
to the waist in the sunlight. A pair of cream Charles Jordan pumps
were a perfect match to her outfit, quite trendy with their gold
accents. She tied her hair back in a silk Halston scarf of black,
white and gold and wore dark sunglasses to complete her "starlet"
look. Seated in first class, the newlyweds drew many admiring
glances, and even signed a few autographs before reaching their
destination. Upon checking into their suite at the spectacular
resort John had chosen, Lisa immediately changed into her skimpy
new gold lurex bikini and started working on her tan.
By mid-week she was a golden brown all over. (They happened to find
a nude beach on the island, even though she wouldn't dare to remove
her bikini bottoms, she loved going topless. So did everyone else
who looked at her perfectly formed breasts glistening with tanning
oil in the sun.) Through out her trip, she was always the most
provocative woman wherever she traveled. She wore the shortest
skirts, the shearest blouses, the skimpiest bikinis, the sexiest
dresses. Everything to keep John, as well as every man aroused
every second she was in their presence. After the three weeks of
fun in the sun, she was ready to return back home to pursue her
modeling career, continue her efforts to be all the woman she could
be and live up to all of the wonderful things that being Mrs. John
Waterman would bring her.

--
