Archive-name: Changes/hnymoon3.txt
Archive-author: Katherine Kimberly Harrison
Archive-title: Honeymoon, The - Part 3


In our last episode, Kenny transformed into Lisa by a woman he had
met at a party. Was informed that in order to avoid the release of
information about his involvement with drug trafficking, would have
to totally commit to his transformation into a woman and
preparation as the "Bride" of a famous Soap Opera star, John
Waterman. Kenny, now Lisa, at first, abhorred the idea, but saw
little choice. He was transformed into Lisa by Nicole,the dominant
woman that he met at the party and her partner in this scheme,
Susan, at Susan's salon. Lisa has now started to be more intrigued
with her new role. In the final scene of Pt. 2, Lisa meets her
groom, John. Caught up in her new found femininity, Lisa falls for
John's masculine advances, and submits to his passionate kisses.
As we closed Pt. 2, John escorts Lisa out to meet his friends at
their engagement party and introduces the soon to be "Mrs. John
Waterman", the former Miss Lisa Michelle Healy!
And now Part 3 of the Honeymoon!
****************************************************************
All of the wellwishers at the engagement party came up to Lisa and
John to offer their congratulations. Beautiful celebrity women that
Lisa had seen on television, dressed in the most dreamy fashions,
kissed her and hugged her while telling her how lucky she was .
Most of the men at the party came up to John and congratulated him
on the choice of a wife he had made. She overheard one man, who she
would later on learn was John's producer, Mark Williams, say to
John, "Johnny, its a good thing you kept her under wraps. We got
alot of play out of this, and she is a knockout! I'm sure you will
be the highlight couple on every supermarket rag for months to
come! I'm really surprised that I haven't seen her modeling work.
You know that with our publishing contacts, I could arrange a
multi-part spread on Lisa as part of your wedding promotion in
"Brides" Magazine. You know how our woman viewers eat that kind of
promotion up. What do you think?" With hearing that Lisa got very
weak in the knees and sat down. She was hot and felt faint. She
could not figure if it was mostly the tightness of her bustier or
the excitement of the moment. Nicole asked if Lisa was OK? "I'm a
little faint" , she replied,"I think I need some air." Lisa and
Nicole went out to the terrace off the side of the club. She told
Nicole about John's conversation with Mark. Nicole was thrilled,
Lisa was terrified. "This is all going too fast. I'm not a girl.
How can I model for Brides or any other magazine as a woman!"   
Nicole took Lisa's hand and said, "Honey, you are becoming a woman,
and a very beautiful one at that. Look at yourself! You have all
of the attributes that have been getting most of the men here horny
as hell. They want you, and most of all John wants you!. Now lets
go into the ladies room, fix that pretty little face of yours and
have some fun." They went inside and Nicole helped Lisa fix her
make-up. They came back outside to the party and Lisa began to get
more and more comfortable with her new position in life. She
thought to herself, "I am becoming a woman, I love how I look, how
I feel and that I am marrying John! I might as well enjoy my life
and not be worried about it." From that point on Lisa got into her
role. She began to learn how to flirt, how to act demure, express
the woman's point of view. By the end of the night, she was the
life of the party. 
The party was over and Nicole had already left with another friend
of hers. John offered to take Lisa home, they got into his new
Porche and drove back to Nicole's house. It was obvious that Nicole
had not come home. Lisa started to say good night to John and
decided to ask him up for a nightcap. By the time that they were
up in the foyer John was already trying to get Lisa into bed with
him. They were passionately embracing and deeply kissing each
other, sucking in their darting tongues. John got his hands under
the ruffles of Lisa's skirt and was gently squeezing her cheeks
that were left exposed by the skimpy bikini she was wearing. Lisa
couldn't take it anymore. She asked John to leave now! She had
promised herself that she would be totally his on their wedding
night and NOT BEFORE! (She said this mostly out of fear, not true
protection of her new found virginity.) John disappointed but a
gentleman, understood. They kissed one more time goodnight and John
left. 
Lisa went into her bedroom and fell back on the bed. How could this
all happen so quick! What was going on. She drifted off to sleep
for a few minutes and awoke to the sound of Nicole at the door.
"Lisa dear, I'm home." she called Lisa met her at the stairs, still
in her party dress. They sat down on Lisa's bed and talked about
the party like two teenaged girls giggling after their prom night. 
They helped each other out of their clothes and got washed up.
Nicole took out a beautiful long black lace nightgown with
spaghetti straps and gave it to Lisa to wear. It was exquisite! The
gown was all lace and was cut down to her bottom in the back. There
was a long slit up the leg with a bow at the top of the slit. A
matching pair of bikini panties complemented the gown as well as
a beautiful satin and lace robe. Lisa put it all on and Nicole
brushed out her hair. "Lisa, we have a big day tomorrow. I took the
day off and first we are going shopping for your new wardrobe. Then
we have an appointment with the Plastic Surgeon to discuss your
breast augmentation. I want you to look wonderful in your swim
suits on your honeymoon!" Lisa swallowed hard, not wanting to think
about surgery. Nicole left and Lisa went to bed. She felt new
sensations wearing a long gown to bed. All that satin and lace
against the satin sheets was almost too much for her to take. She
finally drifted off to sleep.
The next morning Lisa was up at 8:00. She could hear Nicole
downstairs and could smell coffee brewing. She put on her robe and
stepped into the high healed slippers that Nicole had left for her.
She met Nicole downstairs, she was wearing a red teddy and a short
silk kimono that was left open in the front. Lisa thought to
herself how beautiful Nicole looked. Nicole said, "Hi sleepyhead,
lets get our coffee and get started, we have a big day ahead!"
Nicole poured a cup for Lisa and they both headed upstairs. They
each took quick showers. Lisa was careful not to get her hair wet.
Nicole laid out Lisa's outfit for the day on her bed. They were
going to one of the more exclusive shopping areas in the city and
decided to dress the part. On the bed was a pair of pink lace
bikini panties, a pink garterbelt and a beautiful lavender lace
camisole. Nicole had laid out a gorgeous floral suit for Lisa. It
had all shades of pink, mauve, lavender to violet in the floral
pattern. The top was cut with a peplum and was very tailored. It
closed with two large pearl buttons in a wrap style. Seeing that
there was no blouse laid out Lisa assumed that the jacket was worn
without. The skirt was shorter, very slim and was slit up the back.
A pair of stockings with a violet tint to them and a seam up each
leg were also laid out as well as a pair of purple high healed
pumps with 5" heals at least.   
Lisa removed the towel that she had wrapped around herself and
noticed that her nipples were very sore and puffy. Her breasts had
considerably swollen and looked to be about a full A-cup in size.
"My god, what is happening to me?" Lisa muttered. Nicole responded,
"Lisa dear, the hormones are doing their job. You will be sore for
a while but that will soon go away. You will look much prettier
with full firm breasts. Next week you will be ready for your
implants. They are the new gel filled type and have a raised
nipple. I've ordered a full C-cup for you. Dr. Williams will be
examining you later today, so lets not dawdle!" Lisa thought back
of when she was Kenny how could this all be happening to him/her.
Lisa got dressed. She put on the panties and the garterbelt. She
had a little difficulty, putting on the stockings with her long
nails, particularly keeping the seams straight. She then lowered
the pretty camisole over her head. It was snug and clung to her
newly developing breasts and molded around them. Although small,
they were quite feminine and her nipples protruded through the
silken fabric and a noticeable cleavage formed while covered with
pretty lace. Lisa then sat down at Nicoles vanity while she fixed
her hair and make-up. Pink and mauve were the colors of the day and
Nicole did an excellent job of giving Lisa the perfect daytime
look. She also wanted Lisa to wear her hair off her face, and
pulled it back into a sophisticated style. 
Finished with her face and hair, Lisa finished dressing. The slim
skirt to the suit was quite short, a good 4" above the knee. Nicole
assured her this was the look of all the young girls today. The
jacket was another story... It was very tailored. It had shoulder
pads and puffed out sleeves, while nipping in to a very slim waist.
The jacket wrapped low at the waist and fastened with two large
pearl buttons at the waist and just above the hip. When Lisa looked
in the mirror she couldn't believe it. Her camisole was very
exposed and in particular showed her newly developed cleavage. HER
TITTIES were making that cleavage. Kenny thought the sight of such
a woman usually gave him a hard on, as Lisa he/she blushed and
stared in amazement. Nicole fastened a beautiful pearl choker
necklace around Lisa's neck and handed her pearl drop earrings that
she could hang from her new gold studs. Lisa sat down on the bed
and stepped into the violet pumps. They were HIGH! It took her a
couple of steps to negotiate in them, but soon she had them
mastered. Nicole sprayed a healthy amount of JOY perfume all over
Lisa and Obsession on herself, handed Lisa a clutch with all of the
essentials and they were off on their shopping trip. 

Their first stop was to the main shopping area downtown and to the
lingerie shop. Lisa bought two dozen pairs of the sexiest panties,
several bras in both A & C cups, camisoles, corsets, bustlers,
nighties and gowns, a peignoir set, several garter belts and other
garments. Nicole had them wrapped up and sent over to the townhouse
for later. Next they went to some of the trendier boutiques in the
city. Lisa tried on several of the sexiest dresses she had ever
seen, great for dancing. One of the boutiques specialized in
leather, she bought two leather skirts, one a mini, one longer with
a long slit up the back, a pair of skin tight leather pants, a
leather bustier dress in a deep red and one also in blue, both had
c-cups so she could wear them after her implants were in place and
a leather bustier top and jacket that would bring out her wilder
side. They made several stops at some of the finest woman's stores
in town. Dresses, suits, skirts and blouses, all of the latest
fashion, all with a little daring, except for the three Laura
Ashley outfits that they bought. Their last stop was the best, Lisa
was to be fitted for her Wedding Gown! They went through several
designs and finally settled on a wonderful masterpiece of lace and
beading. A lace top with an illusion bodice that was very low cut,
with the cups of the bustier separated fully exposing her cleavage.
The sleeves were puffy and full, coming tight at the elbow to the
fingertips in sequins, beading and lace. The waist was severe and
tier after tier of beaded lace skirting flowed back to the 15 foot
train. Lisa went into the back to change. Nicole had brought her
the necessary lingerie to wear for the fitting. A white lace
corselette was put on over a pretty white lace panty. Two beautiful
young girls, Stacy and Ellen, had Lisa bend over a chair while they
tightened the lacing on the foundation garment. It was heavily
boned and was very low cut in both the front and back. With a deep
V in front almost to her navel and in the small of her back in the
rear. Only a 5" span of lacing to draw her in. And DRAW IT DID! She
could barely breath as the garment reduced her normally 24" waist
to under 21". Her breasts did not fill out the cups of the bustier,
although she thought they would be filled to overflowing once she
had the implants in place. Nicole had brought her breast forms
which did the job. White lace stockings were fastened to the
garters and Lisa was lead to the fitting room. Lisa was helped into
the gown by the two young attendants while Nicole and the store
owner friend of hers, Janet, looked on. She was a vision of
loveliness in the gown. Stacy buttoned the fifty or so buttons up
the back, which except for the row of buttons, was transparent lace
all the way down to the top of her corset. Several headpieces were
brought out and Nicole finally decided on a ring of lace and
beading with a beaded drop at her forehead. A full long vail
complemented the headpiece. White satin pumps completed the
ensemble. Lisa was truly to be a beautiful Bride! 
Janet completed the fitting and told Nicole that the gown would be
ready for the final fitting in about a week. Lisa changed back into
her suit and they left for her doctors appointment. 
They arrived at Dr. Williams office a few minutes late. 
Dr. Williams nurse, Eve, escorted Lisa and Nicole into the Dr.'s
office. Dr. Williams came in, he was a handsome man in his late
40's. Lisa found herself starting to notice men differently now,
wondering what it would be like to be with an older man. 
Dr. Williams asked a few questions of Lisa, knowing of her new
found gender, wanting to find out if this was truly what she
wanted. Satisfied that Lisa was truly desirous of the
transformation, He escorted her into the examination room. She
undressed down to her panties. and sat up on the examination table.
Dr. Williams examined her breasts and felt for any lumps or
abnormalities. satisfied that she was an excellent candidate, he
gave her some preparatory injections around her nipples. "This will
help with the enlargement of your areola, Lisa. The implants that
I'm giving you will sit underneath your muscle and will be inserted
through a small incision in your armpit. There will not be any
scaring. Your build is such that your breasts will sit relatively
high. They will be most attractive." Lisa was still captivated by
this man. He was so gentile with her. She was totally taken with
him. "Lisa, Nicole had asked me to give you an extra helping hand
with your development. I am going to give you some collagen
injections today. We are going to give you fuller lips and add a
little to your cheekbones. It will hurt a little, but will soon
subside." Eve came in with the tray of instruments to assist Dr.
Williams with the procedure. Lisa was a little frightened, but 
Dr. Williams assured her that everything was going to be ok.
He made several injections around her mouth. She felt a
considerable puffiness and at first it was very uncomfortable.
He continued to inject the collagen around her cheekbones. When he
was done, her face was sore. Eve gave Lisa a pill to help with the
pain. Even sipping the cup of water was sore. When he was done, 
Dr. Williams asked her to get dressed. Lisa slowly dressed and
touched the spots that had ben injected with the collagen. She
noticed a great deal of swelling and became worried. Dr. Williams
assured her that in a matter of hours the swelling would go down
and the effect of the injections would give her heightened feminine
cheekbones and beautifully sexy, pouty lips. 
Lisa and Dr. Williams came back into his office. Nicole tried not
to make Lisa self conscious by telling her that she looked fine,
at the same time trying to keep her from looking in the mirror.
Lisa knew that she looked like a fat lipped chipmunk! Nicole and
Lisa thanked Dr. Williams and set up the appointment for next
Friday to have the implants done. They left and Nicole drove Lisa
home. 
The pill that Eve had given Lisa had made her quite groggy.  Nicole
took her up to the apartment and got Lisa ready for bed. She
undressed Lisa and got her into a cute sleep set and put her to
bed.
When Lisa awoke it was about 9:00. She got up and noticed that most
of the swelling had gone down. She worked up the nerve to look in
the mirror and was amazed at what she saw. She had high beautiful,
feminine cheekbones that even without makeup were obviously that
of a beautiful young woman. But the best of all were her lips.
Kenny remembers a Penthouse Pet of the Month that he had seen once
with lips that he always thought were prefect. As Lisa, hers were
now better. Full, pouty and ready for loving! 
Nicole came into the room and hugged her saying, "Lisa honey, you
look great. How about you and I go out and hit the town. Two hot
chicks out for the night." Lisa said OK and Nicole got out the new
outfits that they had bought today. They decided to go a little
trashy. Nicole chose a Black leather mini and  decided to wear it
with her black velvet bustier, black lace stockings and black
stiletto pumps. Lisa chose her new stretch gold lycra backless
minidress dark tan seamed stockings with her gold 5" pumps with the
double ankle straps. The dress was sleeveless and clung to her
every curve. Although her breasts were small, her nipples were
pushing through the clingy fabric like erasers on a pencil. She
could only imagine what it would be like to have big titties
filling out thetight dress. Her hard nipples strained against the
shimmery gold fabric. She was every man's fantasy.
Nicole did her eyes up extra sexy tonight and fixed her new lips
with the reddest red she had. She teased out Lisa's hair into the
wildest style imaginable and attached huge gold earrings to her
lobes which hung down to her shoulders. A gold cuff bracelet was
added to her one wrist and a gold and black choker was placed
around her neck. They were ready for a great night of dancing,
flirting and anything else that came about.

--
