Archive-name: Changes/hnymoon7.txt
Archive-author: Katherine Alicia Harrison
Archive-title: Honeymoon, The - Part 7


This is the story of Lisa, nee Kenny, who has been transformed
into a beautiful young girl, soon to be a new bride. In our last
episodes, Lisa's transformation has been discovered by her mother
and sister. Shocked at first, they soon learn to accept her new
role as the future Mrs. John Waterman, the wife of the sexy soap
opera star. And now the The Honeymoon.
***************************************************************
It was the big day, she was at her mothers house in Scarsdale,
for the first time as a woman.  Lisa was so nervous that she
could hardly see straight. Brittany and Jo Anne had come over to
get ready with her and the house was a whirl of excitement. Lisa
was still in her robe at the make up table when the photographer
showed up. Her mother had her wait in the Living room while the
girls got ready. Jo Anne was extra careful with Lisa's makeup to
make sure that everything was perfect. She wore a warmer cheerful
look in soft pinks and rose. Jo Anne made her lips full and
pouty, perfect for the blushing bride. Brittany, already laced up
in her corset, helped Lisa achieve the near impossible, getting
her little waist down to less than 20", as she had decided at the
last minute to have the dressmaker take her gown in another 2"!
She couldn't wear the original corset she had planned on because
with the additional alterations, the fit was not right. She
decided to go without any additional support for her ample
breasts. The illusion neckline of the bodice would barely cover
her nipples, she would be most enticing. The foundation garment
she ended up with was only a waist cincher, as the cut of her
wedding gown did not allow for anything more. One final tug on
the laces and the hourglass look she was attempting was achieved.
Lisa was a bit breathless, but continued to get ready. She
carefully rolled the delicate lace stockings up her pretty legs.
With a minor amount of adjustment, she straightened the seams and
fastened the tops to her garter tabs from her cincher. And
slipped on a delicate lace bikini to her most feminine crotch.
Her mother had given her a pretty blue garter to wear and she
adjusted it on her leg. Jo Anne was almost finished getting
dressed and started to help Lisa get into her gown. The front and
back of the gown was almost entirely illusion lace. A row of
buttons was all that showed down her back to the top of her
cincher. The bodice was a beautiful sweetheart cut, but most
revealing, with wisps of lace barely covering her breasts for
modesty. The collar came high on her neck and continued in lace,
sequins and pearls in a pattern over her shoulders. The sleeves
were huge puffs of lace and tulle, coming tight at the elbow,
with lace extending to her pretty hands and a loop around her
middle fingers covering the back of her hands with lace. She wore
a full, quite stiff petticoat to give the skirt of the gown the
right look.
Jo Anne buttoned the 40+ pearl buttons down her back, the fit was
perfect. The waist was a drop style and flattered her beautiful
figure. The skirt was a beautiful array of satin and lace,
covered with exquisite patterns of sequins and faux pearls,
billowing out from her most feminine form and forming a train of
over 10' in length behind her. A large Satin bow adorned the back
of the gown and allowed the train to be bustled up underneath it
for dancing later on. Lori gave Lisa a penny to put in her shoe
before she stepped into her beautiful lace covered 4" pumps. Jo
Anne and Lori helped Lisa put on her vail. Her hair was done
early that morning and was a gorgeous array of flowing curls,
resting on her shoulders. Jo Anne pinned the satin cap to her
hair and adjusted the vail perfectly. All the girls were almost
fully dressed, so Lisa's mother had the photographer snap
pictures of them making their final preparations. After some
final touch-ups with makeup, perfume and taking everything that
she would need for later on, they all went down stairs to the
waiting limo to be off for the church. When they arrived, there
was pandemonium. Photographers were everywhere, Lisa had lost
track of the fact that this was a celebrity event. She stepped
out of the car and even in the daylight the flashbulbs startled
her. She made her way into the vestibule of the church and all of
the girls seemed quite excited, Lisa was weak in the knees. How
could all of this be happening. Lisa thought back to when she was
a little boy. She used to play catch with her father in the yard
before he and her mother broke up. He wanted her to be a ball
player. He would never believe that she was now a Wedding Gown
model! The music started and the girls started down the aisle.
Lisa clutched the bouquet of roses that looked so lovely against
her breast. She started out the door of the vestibule into the
church and heard her name called by a man's voice. She looked to
her side and standing there was her FATHER! She almost fainted
when she saw him. He took her arm and whispered in her ear.
"Daddy's little girl is now a beautiful woman!" Lisa couldn't
believe what she was hearing. She walked down the aisle holding
her fathers arm and watched all of the guests watching her. She
was radiant. When she got to the alter her father lifted her vail
and said, "I have a beautiful daughter and I love you very much."
He kissed her cheek and Lisa cried and said, "I love you Daddy, I
will try to make you proud of me." He replied, "I already am,
Just make John a good wife." This must be a dream, because it
couldn't be real. She turned an saw John standing there in his
tux. He looked so increadably handsome. They went through the
cerrimony and it was splendid. The minister came to the vows and
Lisa said a timid "I DO", they locked in a loving embrace and
Lisa became Mrs. John Waterman. They exited to the recessional
and ended up in the courtyard to take what seemed like a million
photographs. Finally they returned to the vestibule entrance to
the church and when the front doors opened it rained rice. They
quickly ran into the limo and were off. Lisa turned to John and
put her lace covered arms around his strong neck and the locked
in a most passionate embrace. They bearly came up for air by the
time they reached the reception. Lisa was ready to say forget the
whole party and let John ravage her body right then and there.
But they had guests to attend to. The reception was a wonderful
time for all. With 300 guests it was hard to see everyone. She
danced with alot of men, who obviously enjoyed being with such a
beautiful girl. Finally she was called to the floor to dance with
her father. She rested her cheek on his broad shoulder as they
played "Daddy's Little Girl". She cried as he told her that he
was glad she was finally happy and knew all along, since he left
her mother, that she would never be happy as a boy. The reception
went on, Lisa got to smusch cake in John's face and they laughed
a lot. She threw her bouquet and Brittany caught it. John got to
take off her garter and had fun lifting her skirt for all to see.
Brittany's boyfriend tried to catch the garter and failed, some
actor friend of John's caught it and had some fun putting it on
Brittany, so much so that we almost all got an eyeful! That would
have stirred quite a commotion, if Brittany had her male plumbing
exposed in public!
It was still early, but they were going to a hotel in town that
evening before leaving for Hawaii in the morning. She went
upstairs into a parlor room at the restaurant and started to get
changed. She took off her gown and changed from her current waist
cincher to a corsellete. She fastened her garters to a pair of
shearer lace seamed stockings and put on a tiny little g-string
panty that had a cute bow in the back complementing her adorable
little derriere. She put on a short robe and Jo Anne cleaned off
her make-up. She redid her cosmetics in more vibrant tones of
pinks and violets. She put on an extra helping of mascara and did
her lips in a deep lush red. She put on her white bow with pearl
drop earrings and her three tiered pearl necklace. She then put
on her beautiful white on white silk and linen suit. The skirt
was tight and short, a good 6" above her knee, with a slit up the
back. The jacket was a low cut double breasted type without
lapels and a wide exaggerated peplum. The shoulders were well
padded and gave her a most stunning look. The jacket was cut so
that her corsellette was slightly exposed, although the demi-cups
of the garment mostly lifted her beautiful breasts to be
displayed flirtatiously. Jo Anne gathered her hair in a matching
bow down the back and positioned an elegant "pill box" hat on her
head with a chic blusher to vail her most feminine eyes. She
stepped into the sexiest shoes she had worn. White patent pumps
with almost 6" heals. They lifted her behind and showed of her
sexy feminine walk. She slipped on a pair of white lace gloves
and grabbed her clutch to complete the outfit. Lisa felt that she
could do anything. She was a beautiful woman with a wonderful
husband, what else could a girl want? They said their goodbyes
and were off to spend their Wedding night together as Man and
Wife.

(To be continued) 

--
