HOLES3..

I had fallen asleep on the floor,and was pulled up in darkness and
blindfolded and moved along a passageway very roughly.

   ...They removed the blindfold, but not the gag.  My eyes quickly 
adjusted to the low light, and I could make out the chamber high ceiling
and bare marble floor.
   My jailers (3 in number) were dressed all in black, and were all very
nondescript.  I thought the tall one (under other circumstances, of 
course) could be quite reasonable  The other two were very rough, and
very lecherous and obviously gay.
   They were totally silent, though I could see a lot of silent 
communication going on, with the eyes, the winks, the nods.  And it was 
obvious that they had something pretty wild planned for me.

The tall one stripped me while the others pinioned my arms
legs so I could not move,then he shaved what hair I had left
msmoothing me with oil rubbing it all over my body,legs,chest
arms,balls,ass and then as the other 2 held me tight he shaved my beard
eyebrows and my head.i just could not believe this was happening then
they oiled my body and tied me to a table and a pad was forced over my
face I gagged then slid into unconciousness.

When I came to I was alone in the chamber and still tied to the table,but
with my legs in "stirrups" like gyaenacologists have,I was aching all
over but i could see my toes and they had been painted pink!.I studied
the rest of my body as much as I could see,my penis had been pierced
and my nipples as well and earrings had been inserted in my ears and
my nose throbbed and I realised they had pierced my nostril!

All three of them came into the chamber and with them was my wife with 3
other young blond men,she was dressed in black leather mini skirt and very
high heel shoes.She explained that for as long as she liked I was her
"friends" prisoner and they could do what they like,and she added the 2 tall
guys were medics one in fact was a surgeon,little did I know how relavant
this was to be!

   The blond guy was leading a big dog, totally black, toward a
sling-like contraption, the use of which I had no idea.  The other two 
were holding me up, though I was in no shape to run off, what with being  
bound as I was.  Still, there was something erotic, maybe even sexy, 
about the whole abduction.
   It soon became clear to me what was about to happen, and I was 
scared.  The two big ones started to untie me, keeping a tight hold, and  
the third started to pull on straps that made up this sling into which 
they were going to place me.  I tried to struggle, but was too weak, and  
they eventually got me tied into the thing.  I was positioned faced up, 
with my legs spread and raised a bit, and my hands tied underneath me.  
The blond was greasing up my asshole with something really slick 
(vaseline, I imagine) and the other two were pulling on the dogs dick,
which was growing longer.  And longer.  My eyes grew wide, such that one  
of the thugs grinned and nudged the other.  He only looked at me 
quickly, then away.
   One of them moved between my spread legs, and replaced the blond's 
fingers with his cock.  he shoved it all the way in, causing me to moan 
at the pressure and size.  It hurt only a moment.  I was really into 
getting my ass reamed out (I wonder if they knew that?) and it started 
to feel really nice... His dick pumped in and out, and he looked quite 
happy.
   He was replaced by the blond, whose cock was thicker, but short.  It 
filled my rectum rather nicely, and I hated to have him cum almost 
immediately and pull out.  The third thug, with a long, skinny member, 
was last.  Well, not the last, actually....
   After Skinny pulled out, the three of them crouched by the dog.
They pulled on his dick-sheath, and played with his balls, and his
dick started to lengthen, and thicken, and hung down lower and
lower....
the tall one led the dog up  up so that he was standing over me, and
(unfortunately) his huge dripping dick was positioned perfectly for 
penetration.  The dog seemed to need no encouragement, only a helping
hand to find my gaping anus.  That he got from Skinny.
   The head of the big knotted dogs cock met my asshole, and pushed into me.
The girth of the dick was incredible, and I wanted to scream out, but 
couldn't.  I was being stretched farther than ever before.  The dogs
dick seems to twist and buck, and was going deeper and stretching me 
wider than even my largest dildo had ever done.the pain was incredible
and the dog just kept moving and thrusting very quickly it gave a
growl and I felt the warm gush of fluid as it came,they immediately
moved it away to get a better camera shot as the cum dribbled down
my thighs.

My wife had been watching and now I was forced to sit in the "punishment"
chair with my legs stretched apart and my arms held with my head in a
restraint.I watched as she fucked,fondled and sucked her three boys
then let each one fuck in turn,without condoms,something she always made
me wear as humiliation I think.

When she had finished she stood up the cum dripping onto her shoes and feet
"Soon we will have more entertainment and you will do the work but there
is another operation you will have to endure and just keep thinking this
will get worse more humiliating and more painful..enjoy..!"

With that she left the room and I was taken back to my cell...

