Archive-name: Family/holfunsr.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Holiday Fun with Sue and Her Relations
Also-archived: Series/bus1st06.txt



My ongoing relationship with Sue had become quite regular, I was staying
over Sue's house about  three times a week  and the sex was  great.  Sue
had become a real  great lover learning what  turned me on and  enjoying
fucking and sucking for hours.  Our work relationship was great and  the
projects we  took on  had proved  to be  successful and  we got some big
bonuses which made us both very  happy.  Sue was aware of my  continuing
relationship with Jane and  her niece Kim and  once even joined us  on a
Saturday to suck and fuck the  day away.  Sue loved sucking Kim's  pussy
and taking my cock up her ass at the same time and for a while I thought
Jane might  be getting  jealous but  Sue compensated  by strapping  on a
double dildo and fucking Jane's pussy and asshole while I fucked Kim  up
the butt.

The  holidays  were  rolling  around  and  Sue  invited  me to spend the
Thanksgiving weekend  with her.   I had  no plans  myself and thought it
would be great  to have a  few days of  hot sex with  Sue.  I arrived at
Sue's place after work and we spent some time getting ready for the next
day.  Sue and I stripped naked and stayed that way all evening even when
we were sprucing up the house.  About 9:00 w settled down to watch  some
X rated tapes and get sweaty.   While we were relaxing Sue told  me that
her brother and his wife were coming over the next day to stay with  her
for the weekend.  I asked Sue if  my being there would be a problem  and
Sue told me not  to worry, and that  her brother was used  to her having
someone in her  life.  I was  satisfied with her  answer and we  settled
down to  watch the  movie.  I  noticed that  the movie  lacked the usual
glossy labels as Sue slipped it into the VCR and as the movie started  I
realized that this  was going to  be similar to  the movie I  had see at
Jane's house, an amateur production.

The film  started out  with a  family gathering  which looked  to be two
families having a back  yard barbecue.  The first  family had a Mom  and
Dad in their late thirties with two teen aged children a tall slim blond
girl and a rugged looking boy with sandy hair.  The Mother was slim with
nice large tits  which showed stiff  nipples under her  skimpy tank top.
Her  husband  was  a  medium  built  guy  wearing old faded cutoff's and
sporting a big  bulge in front  promising a large  cock.  Sue told  me I
should get some tight jeans because  I would fill them out like  he did.
I laughed and  rubbed Sue's now  stiff nipples as  we watched the  film.
The second family was made up of Mom a large breasted brunette with long
legs and a big tall guy who also was already sporting a growing erection
in  his  knit  shorts.   Their  children  two  girls were hot looking, a
petite, short red head wearing a  tube top which just covered her  small
firm tits and a pair of tight  white shorts which rode up high into  her
crotch clearly  showing off  her pussy  lips.  Their  other daughter was
brunette like  her mom  and had  big tits  which filled  her tight  thin
t-shirt and a  skirt which by  any standard was  far too short.   Things
were going pretty normally  for a family outing  when father of the  two
girls grabbed the slim blond mothers tits and twisted her nipples  while
they sat on  the picnic bench.   Instead of protesting  his advances she
rubbed the big guys crotch stroking the growing bulge in his tight  knit
shorts.  Her husband saw his  friend grabbing his wife's tits  and moved
over to the big  brunette and told her  to look at what  her husband was
doing.   The  brunette  watched  and  rubbed  her tits while the blond's
husband slid his hand down the Brunette's shorts.  I could see that  she
appreciated his  touches as  she spread  her legs  letting him  slip his
fingers up her pussy.   While the parents seemed  to be getting on  with
their fun the kids decided to go for a swim in the pool.  Brad the sandy
haired boy liked the  situation just him and  three girls the older  two
his sister Tracy and her friend Sally were developing nicely and Sally's
sister Barbara the pert  little red head was  a special favorite of  his
mainly because of her creamy white skin and red hair.  The fact that she
liked to rub her hot little body against his made him especially like to
be with her.

The kids trooped  into the house  to change the  girls going to  Sally's
room while  he went  to the  bathroom to  change.  Brad  took a while to
change an the thought of getting the three girls in the pool by  himself
had his 16 year old cock stiff with anticipation.  Brad sat naked on the
toilet seat and stroked his prick pumping his cock up nicely and  making
his balls ache for release.  Brad stopped short of jerking off since  he
wanted the  girls to  see his  cock bulging  in his  tight brief bathing
suit.  When Brad emerged the girls were still changing and he waited for
them for  a few  minutes stroking  his cock  and balls  in anticipation.
After five minutes of waiting Brad went looking for the girls, moving to
the back of the house to see if they were outside.  To Brad's  amazement
he saw his mother Linda her tank  top pulled up and on her knees  giving
head to Bill, Sally's  father.  Even more his  father Dan was getting  a
similar treatment  from Betty  Sally's mother.   Brad had  always sensed
that his parents  were very friendly  with Sally and  Barb's parents but
always thought it  was because Bill  was his mothers  brother he had  no
idea  that  they  were  also  swingers.   Brad realized that the parents
thought the kids had gone into the basement to play video games and were
just warming  up for  later.  Brad  watched for  a bit  and then thought
about how excited the scene was making him and decided to get the  girls
and let them see it too, hoping the scene would excite them too.

Brad went to Sally's  room and knocked on  the door, little did  he know
that the reason the girls were taking so long was that they were already
watching their parents  from Sally's bedroom  window.  Brad's knock  had
taken them by surprise  and before they could  get to the door  Brad was
already opening it.  Brad thought he  had died and gone to heaven  there
in Sally's bedroom was his sister Tracy, along with Sally and Barb naked
as the day they were born.  Barb was standing by the window looking  out
with one leg up on a chair.   Sally was on her knees next to  her sister
and was licking Barb's open  pussy and fingering her hot  little vagina.
His sister Tracy was under Sally  her face buried in the hot  brunette's
cunt and her  own fingers up  her own hot  pink pussy.  Brad  closed the
door and Tracy  told him to  strip, Brad was  naked in a  flash his cock
stiff and ready.  Brad blurted out  his news and Tracy told him  to look
out the window.  Brad went to Barb's side and she showed him their birds
eye view of what was going on in the back yard.  As Brad looked out  the
window Barb grabbed his  cock and began to  stroke it as she  thrust her
pussy  into  her  sisters  mouth.   Brad  put  his hands around Barb and
squeezed her small  firm tits as  Sally and Tracy  continued to work  on
sucking pussy.  Brad wanted to fuck  them all and moved around Barb  and
sucked  on  the  slim  girls  small  firm  tits and stiff nipples.  Brad
started to buck his  hips driving his prick  into Barb's thigh as  Sally
licked Barb's hot cunt and ground her cunt into his sister Tracy's mouth
and tongue.  Barb  turned from the  window telling Brad  to forget about
the parents and get ready to  fuck.  Brad ran his hand down  Barb's back
and rubbed her tight  ass finding her hot  anal pucker.  Barb moaned  as
her anus was opened by Brad's finger and she moaned as his finger worked
its way up her tight little asshole.  Barb told Brad to go and fuck  his
sister Tracy and after  seeing Tracy motion to  him and spread her  legs
even farther Brad pulled  his finger gently out  of Barb's anus and  got
down between  his sisters  legs.  Tracy  pulled his  face to her already
sopping pussy and told  him to eat her  cunt.  Brad dove in  licking and
sucking his sisters shaved pink slit until he felt her climax and tasted
her  pussy  juices  on  his  tongue.   Sally  came  quickly flooding his
sister's face with her juices  as she brought her little  sister Barbara
to climax  and licked  up her  juices.  Brad's  cock throbbed  hard with
excitement and Sally  and Barb moved  down to the  floor and pulled  him
between Tracy's legs.  Barb grabbed his cock with one hand and with  the
other spread his  sisters hot slit.   Barb then guided  Brad's throbbing
cock to  his sister  Tracy's waiting  cunt pressing  the head  of Brad's
prick into his sisters hot wet pussy.  Brad drove his cock up his sister
Tracy's hot wet cunt making Tracy  moan and thrust her pussy up  forcing
Brad's stiff prick deep into the recesses of her hot pussy.  Brad  began
to fuck  his sister  hard and  fast stroking  his thick  stiff prick  up
Tracy's pussy as  Barb straddle Tracy's  face pressing her  hot slippery
pink pussy to  his sister's mouth.   Brad could see  his sister's tongue
going up Barb's hot slit and lashing her stiff clit as Barb rode Tracy's
face with pent up passion.

I looked at Sue and could tell that she was totally engrossed in the hot
sex the  young kids  were having  on the  screen.  Sue  had her  fingers
shoved  fully  up  her  now  very  wet  pussy and was twisting her stiff
nipples as she watched the young boy fuck his older sister.  I turned my
attention back to the  screen just in time  to see Tracy and  Brad reach
their climaxes with Tracy arching  her young firm body into  her brother
Brad's pound strokes.  While my attention was on Sue, Sally had begun to
suck Tracy's  tits and  Tracy had  reached her  hand out  to finger fuck
Sally's  pussy  while  Barb  still  riding  Tracy's hot little mouth had
stuffed  her  middle  finger  up  her  sister Sally's hot asshole.  Brad
filled his sister Tracy's hot cunt  with his cum and then pulled  out of
her  tight  slit  so  Sally  could  suck  his prick and lick his cum and
Tracy's pussy juices off his  still stiff prick.  The camera  focused in
on Barb and switched from her face which was contorted with lust to  her
pussy  which  was  wet  and  being  lashed  by Tracy's hot tongue.  Barb
climaxed  and  gushed  her  cunt  juice  into  Tracy's mouth while Sally
trembled from the  combined assault of  Tracy's finger up  her pussy and
her sister Barb's finger up her asshole.  The sight of this group climax
kept Brad's cock stiff  an ready.  Brad sat  back and stroked his  stiff
cock into  Sally's mouth  filling her  mouth and  throat with  his stiff
prick.  Sally let Brad slip from  her mouth and laid back spreading  her
legs showing  Brad her  shaved wet  cunt.  Brad  crawled between Sally's
open legs and Barb  reached down opening her  sister's hot wet slit  and
guided Brad's stiff cock up her sisters ready slit.  Brad drove his cock
deep into Sally's hot pussy until his balls were resting on Sally's  wet
ass cheeks.  Sally begged Brad to fuck her and Brad began to stroke  his
stiff prick in and out of  Sally's young tight cunt making her  moan and
twitch with delight.  Barb helped Tracy up and got her to sit on Sally's
face giving Sally  a taste of  Brad's cum which  was leaking out  of his
sisters hot cunt.  Barb got down next to Sally and licked and sucked her
sisters hot tits as they shook from the impact of Brad's hard strokes up
her sister Sally's pussy.  Sally and Tracy finger fucked Barb's hot cunt
and tight little asshole as they fucked and sucked their way to  orgasm.
Sally was first to cum and her climax caused Brad to shoot his sperm  up
her pussy as Brad flailed  away between her thighs ramming  his spurting
cock deep into Sally's hot  tight pussy.  Tracy and Barb  climaxed right
after Sally and Tracy covered  Sally's face with the combination  of her
own fragrant  cunt juices  and the  remnants of  her brothers hot sperm.
Barb didn't  know which  way to  go with  two of  Sally's fingers up her
tight little pussy and Tracy's  finger up her tight pink  asshole.  Brad
finally pulled out of Sally's pussy his cock limp and covered with cum.

Barb jumped between her sisters legs  and began to lick and suck  Brad's
cum from her sisters sperm  filled slit while Brad's sister  climbed off
Sally's face and came to Brad's side.  Tracy stroked Brad's flaccid cock
and rubbed her tits into his  chest finally taking his limp cum  covered
dick  into  her  mouth  and  sucking  him to another erection.  Brad was
fingering Tracy's pussy and asshole while she sucked him and pretty soon
both of them were ready for some hot sex.  Barb looked up her face shiny
from licking Sally's sperm filled pussy and demanded Brad fuck her  too.
Brad moved in behind  Barb's firm ass and  with his sister Tracy's  help
managed to work his stiff cock  up Barb's tight hot little pussy.   Barb
moaned when  Brad's prick  forced its  way up  her tight  young slit and
began to thrust her hips back  forcing Brad's stiff prick deep into  her
young hot  slit.  Tracy  wanted to  get in  on the  action so she pulled
Sally away from Barb's  hot mouth and slid  in front of the  cute little
red head  pulling Barb's  face to  her cunt  and humping  her pussy into
Barb's  mouth.   Barb  went  right  to  work  licking and sucking Brad's
sister's  cunt  making  Tracy  moan  and  twitch  with  pleasure.  Sally
straddled  Tracy  and  planted  her  hot  slippery slit on Tracy's mouth
urging Tracy to suck  her cummy cunt.  Brad  stroked hard up Barb's  hot
pussy while he watched the girls eat each other and pull on each  others
hot stiff nipples.  Finally the girls started to climax and Tracy filled
Barb's hot mouth with her juicy  passion.  Sally to began to climax  and
drenched Tracy's face  with her pussy  juices while Barb  began to shake
with orgasm  as Brad  filled her  tight slit  with his  cum forcing  his
spurting tool deep into the young girls hot cunt, and filling her  tight
cunt with his sperm.  Brad knew he was done for a while and sat back  as
Tracy and Sally licked and sucked  his sperm from Barb's hot tight  slit
and finger fucked her tight sperm covered butt.  Brad got up and  looked
out to see what  his parents were up  to and found that  they had gotten
about the business of the  barbecue his dad grilling burgers  while they
chatted.  Brad  convinced the  girls to  go for  a swim  and put  on his
trunks and left after  they promised to meet  him in the pool.   As Brad
made his way to the pool his thoughts turned to the vision of his mother
kneeling with  her firm  tits exposed  and Sally's  dads cock going deep
into her mouth.  He thought hot good it would feel to have his mom  suck
his dick and vowed  to use the information  he now possessed to  make it
happen.

By now Sue was laying down on  her couch her head in my lap  nuzzling my
stiff prick as I reached between  her legs and fingered her pussy  as we
watched the film progress.  By now I was sure we would be seeing an  all
out orgy with both families going at each other hot and heavy before the
film was thru.  And after a  few minutes of boring stuff the  film began
to set up  for the climatic  ending.  The parents  were gathered in  the
living room and  the kids were  prepared to go  to bed.  The  girls were
sleeping in Sally's  room and Brad  was going to  sleep in Barb's  room.
The kids left their parents and the mood in the living room changed Bill
pulled Linda to him and took off her blouse exposing a nice set of  firm
tits.  Betty slid over and began to suck on Linda's tits nibbling on her
nipples as Dan  move to Betty  and pulled her  shorts down exposing  her
firm  ass  and  fingering  her  shaved  cunt.   Bill  and Dan got up and
stripped as Betty worked her way down and pulled off Linda's shorts.  By
the time  the guys  were naked  Betty had  Linda's legs  spread and  was
eating her friends  hot shaved slit  making Linda moan  and pull on  her
nipples.   Dan  got  behind  Betty  and  after  giving  her  cunt  a few
preliminary licks shoved  his stiff throbbing  dick up Betty's  hot cunt
and began to fuck her hot pussy doggy style making her hanging tits sway
jerkily with the force of his  thrusts up Betty's hot cunt.  Bill  knelt
on the sofa next to Linda and was fucking Linda's mouth forcing his long
stiff cock deep into Linda's mouth as she fondled his balls and squirmed
from the pleasure of Betty's tongue  in her hot box.  Bill pulled  Linda
up doggy style on the couch and drove his stiff dick up her pussy  while
she and Betty  kissed and fondled  each others tits.   Finally Betty and
Linda climaxed  as Bill  and Dan  filled each  others wives pussies with
their sperm ramming deep into their hot twats and pumping their sperm up
the girls hot holes.  Dan and  Bill helped their wives to the  floor and
fondled them as they licked  and sucked each others cunts  lapping their
husbands sperm from each others hot cunts.  Little did they know at  the
time that their hot show had been observed by their kids.

Brad, Tracy, Sally and  Barb had crept up  and were watching the  entire
show from  behind the  lattice work  in the  hallway.  Brad  was hunched
behind Barb and had  his hand up under  her nightgown fingering her  hot
wet slit while his  sister Tracy stroked his  raging cock which she  had
fished out of his  pajamas.  Sally had her  finger up Tracy's pussy  and
with her other hand  was frigging her clit  and stuffing her fingers  up
her pussy.  Watching their parents fuck had gotten the kids very  worked
up and  Brad pulled  Barb with  him as  he headed  back to Sally's room.
Seeing Brad and Barb  head back to the  room Sally and Tracy  decided to
follow  their  lead  as  thoughts  of  Brad's prick going up their cunts
filled Tracy and Sally's thoughts.   Once Brad got into Sally's  bedroom
he quickly stripped Barb's night gown  off and started to suck her  firm
small tits  nibbling on  her stiff  sensitive nipples.   Sally and Tracy
pulled off their night gowns  and proceeded to strip Brad  releasing his
stiff dick and licking his hot shaft as he worked on Barb.  Barb  wanted
to fuck Brad and  told him to lay  down.  Brad layed back  and let Sally
and his sister Tracy work his cock while Barb got into position over his
prick.  Sally guided her sister down onto Brad's stiff prick opening her
sisters hot cunt and  fitting the swollen head  of Brad's pecker up  her
sisters wet pink pussy.  Barb  sank down forcing Brad's shaft  deep into
her young tight pussy and began to bang his prick in and out of her  hot
slit.  Tracy mounted  Brad's face forcing  her sopping cunt  against his
lips and tongue and enjoyed her brother's tongue lashing her stiff  clit
and pressing up her slippery  pussy.  Sally stood over Brad's  belly and
pulled her sister  Barb's hot little  mouth to her  cunt enjoying Barb's
tongue on her clit and Barb's finger up her sopping slit.  Tracy  spread
Sally's ass cheeks and  licked and tongue fuck  Sally's hot anus as  she
rode her brothers  talented tongue.  The  kids began to  climax and Brad
filled Barb's hot little pussy with sperm as she convulsed on his  stiff
prick.  Tracy came  in Brad's mouth  as Sally flooded  Barb's mouth with
her pussy juices.

The kids were so involved in their hot sex play that they never  noticed
their parents  enter the  room.  The  parents had  seen the  light on in
Sally's room and come in to  check on the kids finding them  fucking and
sucking each other  was quite a  shock.  Sally was  the first to  notice
them  and  her  shriek  brought  all  them  all  to the realization that
something was wrong.  Barb and Tracy quickly jumped up leaving Brad  his
cock covered with cum and his face wet with is sisters juices staring up
at the shocked parents.  The camera panned the parents and it was  clear
that they  were very  turned on  by what  they were  seeing.  Linda  and
Betty's nipples were standing stiffly  under their blouses and Bill  and
Dan both had large bulges in their pants even though they had just  shot
their load just a short while before.  Sally was the first to speak  and
blurted out that  they had watched  their parents fucking  in the living
room and had decided to try it themselves.  Betty spoke first and  asked
the kids if they thought they had been doing anything bad.  Tracy  spoke
up and told Betty she didn't think so because she had only done what her
mother Linda had  done because Bill  was her mothers  brother.  Dan told
the kids to say put  and he asked Betty, Linda  and Bill to go out  into
the hall.  As they left the  room the kids could see that  their fathers
were very  turned on  sporting stiff  cocks which  were clearly visible.
There was a short wait and the door opened again this time their parents
came in naked.  Linda spoke first  telling the kids that if they  wanted
to join them in the living room  they should feel free to join in.   The
kids looked at each other and then at their parents and decide to follow
them.  Once they reached the living room Bill and Dan layed down on  the
floor their stiff cocks standing up ready for action.  Linda knelt  next
to her brother Bill  and licked his cock  calling her daughter Tracy  to
join  her.   Linda  positioned  Tracy  over  Bill's  cock and guided her
daughter down onto  her brother Bill's  stiff cock.  Linda  helped Tracy
get Bill up her pussy rubbing  her daughters stiff clit and licking  her
tits as Tracy forced  Bill's long stiff meat  up her tight cunt.   Betty
took her daughter  Sally to Dan  and helped her  mount Dan's thick  cock
sucking Sally's clit and  pulling on her tits  as Dan's big cock  forced
its way up Sally's tight pussy.  Once the girls had mounted Bill and Dan
they began to fuck each others  dads with slow deep strokes moaning  and
humping as Bill and Dan fondled  the girl's hot tits.  Linda moved  Barb
to the sofa spread her legs and  began to eat her out licking her  son's
sperm from Barb's  quivering cunt and  finger fucking Barb's  hot pussy.
Betty pulled Brad to  her and stroked his  stiff cum coated cock  as she
pressed his mouth to her large firm tit telling him to lick and bite her
nipples.   Brad  sucked  Betty's  tits  and  ran his hand down her belly
spreading her cunt lips and pressed his fingers up her wet pussy.  Betty
layed back on the floor her  face under Brad's mother Linda's pussy  and
began to lick Brad's mom's cunt while Linda sucked Barb's pussy.   Betty
told Brad to fuck  her and opened her  legs spreading her cunt  lips and
guiding Brad's prick up her  pulsing slit.  Brad was fucking  Betty with
hard fast  strokes and  watching his  sister Tracy  and her friend Sally
fuck their stretched pussies on Bill and Dan's stiff pricks.

Tracy and  Sally were  having multiple  climaxes on  Bill and  Dan's big
pricks and finally their tight pussies brought Bill and Dan off  filling
their tight  you cunts  with a  massive load  sperm.  The  girls finally
collapsed  on  their  chests  and  rested  as Bill and Dan stroked their
pricks into the young girls  and squeezed their firm ass  cheeks pulling
their young  cunts tight  against their  wilting cocks.   Barb and  Brad
climaxed Barb juicing  all over Linda's  talented tongue and  lips while
Brad sprayed his sperm up Betty's  hot pussy and humped her cunt  like a
demon.  Betty climaxed as Brad sprayed his sperm into her twat and Linda
climaxed flooding  Betty's face  with her  slick juices.   It took a few
minutes for everyone to  get their breath back  and Bill and Dan  rolled
Tracy and Sally  off their chests  to the floor.   Linda moved over  her
daughter Tracy and got into a  hot sixty nine with Tracy licking  Bill's
load from her daughters  hot slit while Tracy  sucked on her mom's  cunt
and clit  making Linda  shake with  pleasure.  Betty  followed suit  and
moved to make love with Sally  licking and sucking Dan's cream from  her
daughters pussy while Sally licked up Brad's sperm from  her mother' hot
cunt.  Barb jumped on her father  Bill and begged him to fuck  her, Bill
was a bit reluctant  worrying that his big  prick might hurt her.   Barb
sensing her fathers concern began to suck his cock making his worry fade
as his lust increased.   Bill pulled Barb's hot  pussy to his mouth  and
began to suck and lick his  daughters cunt making her climax as  soon as
his tongue entered her tight cunt.  Dan's cock was stiff and he moved to
Betty and her daughter Sally forcing his stiff prick up his Betty's cunt
as her daughter licked Betty's stiff clit.  Brad's cock was stiff and he
wanted to fuck his mom so he  got up tight behind her exposed pussy  and
ass  and  let  his  sister  Tracy  guide  his stiff shaft up his mothers
slippery cunt.  Linda called out to  Brad to fuck her cunt and  fill her
pussy  with  his  sweet  cream  as  Brad  began to pound his cock up his
mothers cunt.  As Dan and Brad pounded their cocks up Betty and  Linda's
cunts they  watched Barb  stuffing her  dad's prick  down her throat and
humping her young cunt into her dad's mouth having multiple climaxes  in
the process.   Barb was  determined to  fuck her  dad's big  cock up her
pussy and moved down positioning her cunt just above Bill's stiff prick.
Barb grabbed  her father's  cock and  pressed the  swollen head into her
young wet pussy.   Working slowly Barb  slid down Bill's  big dick until
she had  his entire  cock up  her tight  young twat,  her stretched pink
pussy lips  pressed firmly  around the  base of  his prick.  Bill helped
Barb begin  slow up  and down  strokes reaming  her tight  twat with his
large stiff pole and filling  her tight cunt with each  downward stroke.
I wasn't long  until Barb had  a convulsive orgasm  and Bill filled  her
slit with his  big load of  sperm.  The sight  of Barb climaxing  on her
fathers big  dick made  Brad very  excited and  he thrust  hard into his
mothers pussy  making her  climax and  filling her  cunt with his cream.
Tracy climaxed  and as  she thrashed  about under  her mother licking up
Brad's sperm  Linda sucked  up her  daughters sweet  pussy juices as she
probed her  spasming pussy  with her  fingers and  lashed her stiff clit
with her tongue.  As Brad started  to slow down Dan drove his  cock hard
into Betty's pussy  shooting his load  up her pussy and bringing her  to
climax.  Lastly Brad heard Sally  moaning as Betty brought her  daughter
to climax and Dan rubbed his sperm covered cock into Sally's cum stained
lips.

As the film ended I shot my load deep down Sue's throat as she  climaxed
from my fingers up her pussy and asshole.  As we relaxed I told Sue that
these amateur films were really hot  and Sue told me she loved  to watch
them especially the ones were incest  was a major factor.  I didn't  pay
much attention to what she said then but the next day the reason for her
comment  became  clear.   We  went  to  bed  and made love for two hours
licking and sucking each other and  fucking each time my cock would  get
hard.  Finally after I  fucked Sue up the  asshole while she reamed  her
pussy with a fat dildo we  both collapsed and fell asleep.  When  I woke
up  the  next  morning  Sue  was  still  sleeping so I showered and made
breakfast.  While I was cooking I heard the shower go on and decided  to
surprise Sue in the shower.  I went to the bathroom and slipped into the
shower next to Sue  and rubbed my now  hard cock into her  ass cheeks as
she soaped her hair.   Sue jumped a bit  then stroked my prick  pressing
the head of my  cock against her wet  tight asshole.  I pressed  forward
driving my cock deep into  Sue's asshole making her moan  with pleasure.
I fucked Sue's tight asshole until she climaxed and I filled her hot ass
with my first load of the day.  After some mutual kissing and hugging we
dried off and went  back to breakfast naked  and hot.  Sue looked  great
her slim hot body  sitting across from me  at the breakfast table  while
she told  me about  her brother  Doug and  his wife  Karen.  Sue enjoyed
talking about her brother and she even got out some pictures of Doug and
his wife  that she  took at  the beach  the year  before.  Doug was good
looking slim and tall  like Sue, Karen Doug's  wife was petite red  head
with a firm body and nice tits which were shown off nicely in the  small
suit she was wearing.  Sue put  in the turkey and we settled  down naked
in the living room kissing and fondling each other like school kids.   I
was between Sue's legs eating her to her third climax when the  doorbell
rang interrupting our passion and signaling the arrival of Dough and his
wife.  Sue and I scampered into the bedroom and I slipped on pants and a
shirt and went to answer the door as Sue got herself together.

Answering  the  door  I  greeted  Doug  and  Karen  as  if they were old
aquaitinces.  I quickly  explained that Sue  was dressing and  told them
how much Sue was looking forward to their visit.  Doug and Karen came in
and sat  down in  the living  room.  Karen  noticed the  wet spot on the
couch and ran her hand over  it then discreetly sniffed her fingers  and
then licked the tips  of her fingers.  This  got me very interested  and
excited because she had to know what had caused the wet spot.  Just then
Sue bounced in dressed in a short skirt and a loose sweater.  Sue kissed
her brother  and hugged  Karen welcoming  them and  telling them she was
glad they could join us for the holiday.  The rest of the day was filled
with conversation and  good times and  the catching up  families do when
they haven't seen each other for a while.  We ate a big lunch about 1:00
pm and then Doug  and I settled dow  to watch a football  game while the
girls did the dishes and talked.   It was relaxing and very low  key all
afternoon and while I  longed to be between  Sue's hot legs fucking  and
sucking the day had  a special closeness to  it that I did  enjoy.  Doug
announced that he and Karen wanted to take us out for dinner and we  all
took off  in Doug's  station wagon  to a  local eating  spot for a light
supper.   Things  were  going  great  and  I could tell Sue was enjoying
having her brother and his wife over so I put my lust for Sue at bay and
enjoyed her happiness.   We returned home  about 8:30 and  Sue and Karen
made coffee while Doug and I started a fire in the fireplace.  The  room
was warm and cozy by the time we sat down to coffee and Sue cuddled next
to me stroking  my leg like  we were an  old married couple.   Karen was
resting against Doug and because of  the way she was siting I  could see
up her dress and noticed that Karen  had no panties on and that I  could
see her red haired pussy clearly even in the dim light of the fire.   My
cock began to grow and I knew  Sue was getting the same view of  Karen's
charms as I had.  Finally when  my erection was obvious to everyone  Sue
suggested  we  shower  and  get  into  something  more comfortable.  Sue
suggested Karen and Doug shower first but Karen told Sue that we  should
go ahead as she and Doug had to unpack some things first.

With that Sue and I headed for  the shower I went right in and  Sue told
me she  would get  some robes  for us.   I stripped  and jumped into the
shower and started  to soap up  my cock growing  to full erection  as my
thoughts turned to fucking Sue.  I was in the middle of washing my  hair
when I felt a cool breeze signifying someone had entered the shower with
me.  Thinking it was  Sue I reached out  and gathered her into  my arms.
As she  made contact  with my  body I  realized that  it was not Sue.  I
quickly pulled back as  a small hand grabbed  my stiff prick holding  me
firmly  in  its  grasp.   Opening  my  eyes  I  realized that my bathing
companion was Karen not Sue,  Karen was standing there naked  holding my
cock in her hands her small firm tits sporting stiff pink nipples and  a
look of lust in her eyes.  I guess Karen read my shock and questions  in
the expression on my face and told me not to worry because Sue and  Doug
were  right  behind  her.   Recovering  from  my  initial shock I pulled
Karen's hot body to  mine pressing her stiff  firm tits to my  chest and
grabbing her ass cheeks pressing her  cunt to my stiff prick.  I  rubbed
my fingers up and down her  ass crack and over her puckered  anus making
Karen moan and pull me closer to her.  Just then the door to the  shower
opened again and in stepped Sue and Doug.  All of a sudden the film from
the other night and Sue's comment  about incest all made sense.  I  knew
we would be in for one hot weekend of sex and smiled at Sue as I  rubbed
Karen's hot asshole.  Sue kissed me  as her brother cupped her tits  and
pressed his stiff dick between  Sue's firm ass cheeks.  We  all showered
together rubbing and soaping Sue and Karen and making them hot as hell.

Once we were all squeaky clean we dried off and Sue told me there was  a
special movie she wanted  to show me so  we all went to  the living room
and Sue got the film and put  it in the VCR.  The film was  obviously an
amateur production and this time I knew most of the actors.  Sue and her
brother were in the  first scene and they  were joined shortly by  Karen
and another guy.  Karen sat next to me and reached out stroking my  cock
as she told me  that the other guy  was her brother.  I  was startled by
how much the guy looked like me.  Karen told me she was looking  forward
to fucking my cock up her cunt and asshole and I kissed her and told her
she could count  on it.  Sue  sat back next  to her brother  Doug as the
film started to pickup  momentum and I looked  over to see Sue  stroking
Doug's cock and massaging his balls as he ran his hand over her tits and
down to  her already  sopping slit.   Sensing that  Karen was  more than
willing and fair game  I rubbed her tits  and slipped my finger  between
her slippery cunt lips  as we watched the  film.  On the screen  Sue was
getting ready for bed and the camera followed her around the room as she
stripped showing off her hot  firm body.  Sue was obviously  very turned
on her nipples were stiff and she rubbed her pussy as she got ready  for
bed.  Just as Sue was settling into the bed Karen came into the  picture
naked and carrying a  big dildo.  Sue smiled  and beckoned Karen to  her
bed taking the  dildo and licking  the fat plastic  shaft, spreading her
legs Sue pushed the dildo up her sopping cunt and began to pump the  fat
cock in and out  of her wide open  pussy.  Karen crawled up  next to Sue
and kissed her then worked her way down Sue's hot body licking her  tits
and ending up flicking Sue's clit  with her tongue.  Karen rose up  over
Sue and grabbed the exposed end of the dildo and sank down on it  taking
the remaining  exposed portion  of the  dildo up  her shaved  pink pussy
ending her  downward thrust  when her  cunt was  firmly pressed  against
Sue's hot wet pussy lips.  On  the screen Karen and Sue fucked  hard and
fast grinding their pussies together as they thrust their hips  exposing
the fat plastic shaft and then forcing it up their dripping cunts.   Sue
and Karen were pulling  on each others tits  as they fucked and  finally
had a very violent on  screen climax complete with spasmataic  thrusting
and loud moaning.  After their climax  Sue and Karen rolled into a  side
by  side  69  position  and  began  licking  each  others  pussies while
fingering each others  assholes.  Doug and  another guy Karen's  brother
Sam came into the picture and stripped while they watched Sue and  Karen
pleasure each other.   Doug and Sam  were stroking their  stiff cocks as
Sue and Karen climaxed in each  others mouths.  Sam and Doug moved  onto
the bed  and slowly  stuffed their  stiff pricks  up their sisters cunts
fucking their sisters with deep pounding strokes while the girls  sucked
each  others  clits  and  played  with  each others tits.  Karen and Sue
climaxed multiple times as their brothers fucked their wet pink  pussies
and finger fucked their tight  assholes.  Finally Doug and Sam  climaxed
and filled their sisters hot pussies with their creamy sperm and  pulled
out giving the  camera a clear  shot of their  sperm filled cunts  still
pulsing with excitement.  The film  ended abruptly and I looked  over to
see Sue sucking her brother's stiff prick as he fingered her hot cunt.

Karen was hot and she had her first climax in my arms as I fingered  her
hot pussy and tight asshole  while she licked my throbbing  cock.  Karen
was stroking my cock and asked me how long it was.  When I told her  ten
inches a sly smile came to her  lips and she sucked hard on the  head of
my straining  shaft licking  up my  flowing pre-cum.   I noticed Sue and
Doug shifting positions on the couch and told Karen I wanted to fuck her
while she ate Sue's  pussy.  Karen nodded her  head in agreement and  we
moved towards Sue  and Doug.  I  told Sue I  wanted to see  her fuck her
brother and  the look  of lust  which came  to her  face told me she was
ready and very excited.  Sue moved  over her brother facing Karen and  I
Karen grabbed her husband Doug's stiff cock and guided his shaft up  his
sisters cunt and watched as Doug's stiff prick slid slowly up his sister
Sue's hot wet pussy until his balls were pressed tightly against her ass
cheeks.  I pushed  Karen closer to  Sue and Doug's  exposed genitals and
told her to lick Sue's clit while Doug fucked his sister.  Karen pressed
her mouth to Sue's open pussy  licking her clit and playing with  Doug's
cum filled balls.  I got behind Karen and spread her ass cheeks  licking
her tasty pussy and pink puckered  asshole as Doug began to thrust  into
his sister making Sue moan with  pleasure.  I needed to fuck and  guided
my long hard dick up Karen's  tight slippery slit pressing my long  tool
up her quivering twat until my balls were pressed against her hot  pussy
lips.  Karen pulled her mouth off Sue's hot pussy long enough to tell me
she loved the way my cock filled her up and told me to fuck her hard and
pump my load deep into her pussy.  Karen's words inflamed my desire  and
I began to  ream her cunt  with long hard  strokes forcing my  dick deep
into her pulsing slit.  Sensing Karen  liked to be fucked hard I  licked
my  fingers  and  slowly  pressed  them  up  her  pink  puckered asshole
increasing her pleasure and making her pussy tighten even harder  around
my thrusting  prick.  Karen  was climaxing  over and over her small body
shaking from pleasure and the impacts of my thrusts up her pulsing cunt.
Sue was having a big orgasm ramming her brothers spurting cock deep into
her belly stretching her hot pussy as Karen licked and sucked her  stiff
clit.  I finally came filling Karen's pussy with a big load of sperm  as
she licked up her husbands  sperm from around his sisters  wet quivering
cunt lips.

I pulled out of  Karen's hot sperm soaked  cunt my cock still  stiff and
ready for more action.  I wanted to pleasure Sue and pulled her off  her
brothers wilted cock and got her down on the floor Karen followed us and
planted her sopping cunt  on Sue's face letting  Sue suck my sperm  from
her well fucked twat.  I got  between Sue's legs and after Karen  licked
her husband's  cum from  Sue's pussy  she grabbed  my fat  long cock and
guided me into Sue's slippery slit.  Doug was regaining his erection and
joined  us  getting  behind  his  wife  and letting his sister guide his
reawakened prick up his  wife's hot pussy as  Sue licked and sucked  her
stiff clit.  I was pounding my prick up Sue's hot tight pussy making her
moan and thrust her pussy up into my strokes forcing my prick deep  into
her pulsing vagina.   Sue was climaxing  hard and Karen  was cumming too
her small firm tits shaking from  the force of Doug's hard thrusts  into
her tight pussy.  Doug was pulling  on his wife's hips driving his  cock
deep into her pussy as he filled her slit with his sperm.  I blasted  my
load deep into  Sue's convulsing slit  burying my dick  deep in the  hot
tight  grip  of  Sue's  cunt  making  her  thrash around in pleasure.  I
continued to stroke  my cock up  Sue's pulsing slit  as Doug pulled  his
cock from Karen's pussy and forced his wife's sopping sperm filled pussy
to Sue's  mouth letting  her suck  his load  from his  wife's pussy.   I
pulled out  of Sue's  sperm drenched  pussy and  pushed Karen's  face to
Sue's hot cum filled slit, Karen lapped up my sperm like a small  kitten
licking up a plate of sweet cream.  My cock stirred at the site of these
two hot women licking cum from each others pussies and I wanted to  fuck
their tight pussies and assholes and fill their cunts and assholes  with
my sperm.  Doug and  I needed to rest  a bit and while  the girls licked
themselves to a nice restful climax I got some wine for all of us and we
sat around discussing the rest of the weekend.  After a while I began to
get those familiar stirrings in my balls letting me know I was ready  to
continue.  Karen noticed  my cock starting  to swell and  she spread her
legs and fingered her cunt letting me see her fingers going deep in  her
pussy  spreading  her  pussy  lips  and  rubbing her stiff clit with her
thumb.  Sue noticed my cock getting stiff and slid over to me and licked
the head  of my  dick while  her brother  Doug got  down behind  Sue and
spread her ass cheeks and  licked Sue's pink puckered anus  slipping the
tip of his  tongue up her  tight asshole.  Sue  reacted to her  brothers
tongue and slid down my dick forcing my cock deep into her tight  throat
making my cock get even harder.  I watched Karen fingering her cunt then
rubbing her tight pink anus and finally pushing two fingers up her tight
asshole and look at me with lust filled eyes.

I wanted  to fuck  Karen and  Sue up  the ass  suggested Karen  help her
husband get his cock up Sue's very stimulated butt.  Karen squealed with
delight and moved over  to Sue reaching under  Sue to pull on  her stiff
nipples as Sue crouched  doggy style her mouth  filled with my cock  and
her asshole being tongue fucked by  her brother.  I saw Karen push  Doug
back and reach down and grab  his now stiff prick pulling him  up behind
his  sister  Sue.   Karen  stroked  her  husbands cock and pulled him in
behind Sue's firm ass cheeks.   Doug spread his sisters tight  firm buns
and Karen guided her husbands cock to his sisters anus rubbing the  head
of Doug's prick into  Sue's hot ass pucker.   Sue was moaning around  my
cock which was still shoved deep into her tight throat and she backed up
a bit trying to force Doug's cock up her hot asshole.  Karen seeing  how
ready Sue was for a hot ass fuck grabbed her husbands ass and shoved him
forward  driving  his  cock  deep  into Sue's streached asshole.  Doug's
thrust drove his cock deep  up his sister's asshole forcing  her forward
and driving my cock deep into her throat.  Karen moved around to me  and
told me she wanted my big dick up her asshole.  To emphasize her  desire
Karen turned her ass  to me and bent  over spreading her ass  cheeks and
shoving two fingers  up her tight  pink anus.  I  pulled my cock  out of
Sue's mouth and had Sue hold my  cock ready as I pulled Karen to  me.  I
got Karen up over  my cock facing Sue  and lowered her onto  my cock.  I
held Karen's firm ass cheeks open while she squatted down and Sue guided
my cock up Karen's  tight anus.  Karen's asshole  was very tight and  it
took a  while for  her to  stuff my  cock all  the way  up her hot tight
asshole.  All the while Karen was shoving my dick up her asshole Sue was
licking  the  exposed  portion  of  my  cock  and Karen's slippery cunt.
Finally Karen managed to get all of my prick shoved up her tight ass and
started to  stroke my  cock in  and out  of her  tightly stretched  anus
making her  moan and  twist with  pleasure.  I  could feel  Sue's tongue
lapping at Karen's pussy an asshole as I drove my dick in and out of her
tight butt filling  her hot tight  rectum with my  big dick.  I  grabbed
Karen's tits and pulled on her stiff nipples as she rode my cock driving
my rod deep into the depths of her hot anus.  I heard Sue begin to  pant
as her orgasm over took her pleasure racked body and Doug filled her hot
asshole  with  his  sperm  ramming  his  dick  deep into his sisters hot
pulsing asshole.  Suddenly the pressure on my dick got more intense  and
I knew Sue had shoved her fingers up Karen's wide open pussy as I reamed
Karen's anus bucking  my hips up  and bringing on  a violent climax  for
Karen.  Karen's asshole clamped my cock like a tight fist and I shot  my
load  deep  into  her  asshole  filling  her  butt with my sperm.  Karen
continued  to  stroke  up  and  down  driving  my  spurting  tool up her
stretched asshole until I went soft and finally slipped out of her sperm
drenched asshole.  Sue slipped  her tongue up Karen's  stretched asshole
and lapped my sperm up like it was honey spinning out Karen's climax.

Karen got off me and went to Sue's ass and buried her face in Sue's  ass
crack licking her husband's sperm out of his sisters well fucked asshole
while Doug and I  sat back watching these  two hot ladies.  We  were all
pretty fucked out and  I knew it would  be quite a while  before my dick
could do anything for the girls so  I suggested we all hit the sack  for
some rest.  Doug and  the girls agreed and  we headed for bed  Sue slept
with her brother and Karen slept with me.  I got one more nice slow fuck
with Karen that night about 2:00 am when she came back from the bathroom
and crawled  under the  covers and  sucked my  cock until  I woke up.  I
pulled Karen's pussy  to my mouth  and worked her  tasty slit until  she
climaxed and then pulled her down and fucked her from behind driving  my
cock deep into her pussy making her climax twice before I filled her hot
cunt with my sperm.   Karen and I fell  asleep my cock still  up her hot
pussy and my hands cupping her small firm tits.  We slept soundly  until
the next day and then the whole  show started again.  By the time I  got
home Sunday night I wondered if my cock would ever get hard again.   But
as I remembered how hot it was  to double fuck Sue and Karen shoving  my
cock up their pussies and assholes  as Doug drove his cock up  the other
hole making them climax over and over as our cocks drove them crazy with
passionate pleasure my balls started to get that tingling feeling again.

--
