Archive-name: Bestial/hombre.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Hombre


I always had pets when I was growing up - dogs, cats, lizards, fish, frogs
and turtles.  While I enjoyed them all, especially the dogs and cats, I
never thought of them as more than friends.  I suppose others developed more
intimate relationships with their pets and I just wasn't aware of it.  That
all changed with Nancy.

After college I was working for a large organization.  Part of my first job
involved hiring (and sometimes firing) employees.  Over the years I have
hired countless numbers of men and women, but I will never forget one woman
I hired very early in my career.

Her name is Nancy.  She had just moved to California from the mid west with
her husband.  She was over qualified for the job we had available, but she
was desperate for work.  Her husband had been disabled and wasn't able to
work.  And Nancy was having a very difficult time finding a job.  They had
spent the little savings they had and were broke.

Nancy was tall, well dressed and beautiful.  In a word, she was elegant.
But she retained an air of innocence and had a wonderful personality.  She
didn't seem to be the typical "farmer's daughter" even though she told me
she grew up on a farm.

At any rate, I hired Nancy and she started working right away.  I don't
remember exactly what her job was, but I do know she was extremely happy
I had given her the job.  Although my boss questioned my judgement hiring
someone so obviously over qualified, a few weeks later he told me how
pleased he was with Nancy's work.  I told him I thought she had real
potential and I hired her because we could promote her to more responsible
positions.  My boss was very impressed with my insight.  Without ever
knowing it, Nancy had helped me in my career and I was grateful.

I have always kept business and pleasure separate, but it was so difficult
to see her long, flowing brown hair, beautiful smiling face, full breasts,
slender waist, round firm ass and long shapely legs without thinking about
her.  She really was beautiful.  And she wore clothes that were tasteful
but still enhanced her best features.  Unlike the other women in the office,
she wore no makeup, but she looked more lovely than any of them.

After she had worked for me about six weeks, Nancy and I had developed a
very comfortable (and professional) relationship.  I met her husband on
one occasion.  He was confined to a wheelchair and didn't get out often.
But Nancy seemed devoted to him and unaware that he was any different from
anyone else.  She was truly remarkable.

I spent so much time at work that I didn't have much of a social life.  One
Saturday morning I woke up late and thought about the weekend ahead.  I
didn't have any plans, so I took my time fixing breakfast and taking a long
relaxing shower.  Just as I got out of the shower and dried off, I was
surprised to hear a knock at my door.  I was worried it might be the landlord
because my german shepherd, Hombre, was living with me and pets were not
allowed in my apartment complex.

I put Hombre in the bedroom and closed the door (I thought).  When I opened
the front door, I was really surprised to see Nancy.  She smiled brightly and
said, "I'm glad I caught you at home.  Can I come in for just a minute?".  Of
course I invited her in, asked her to sit down and offered her some coffee.
She sat on the sofa and accepted the coffee.

Nancy was wearing a pink halter top that exposed a nice amount of cleavage and
tight white shorts.  And I mean they were tight.  As I went to the kitchen I
felt a stirring in my loins.  She was even prettier dressed casually, and her
legs, which I hadn't really seen before, were magnificent.  When I returned
with the coffee, I walked over in front of her and set her cup down on the
table.  Since I didn't have anything on under my robe, I planned to go back to
the bedroom and find some clothes.  But Nancy had other ideas.

She put her hands on my hips and said she wanted to thank me for hiring her.
She was really enjoying her work, and she especially liked working for me.  At
this point I began to wonder what she had in mind.  I just didn't expect that
this lady would come on to me.  I also wasn't too eager to get involved with
a married woman or someone from work.

I told her she didn't need to thank me; I was just doing my job and she had
proven to be a very good addition to the office.  I thought about pulling
away from her, but I was frozen looking down at her cleavage and round breasts.
I finally said I should go put some clothes on and started to move.  But Nancy
immediately moved her hand under my robe and began gently  rubbing my belly.
She said, "But I haven't thanked you yet".

I was going to protest, but she slid her hand down so her finger grazed my
already semi-erect penis.  I couldn't believe how soft her hand was.  I was
so horny anyway that I didn't stop her.  I almost forgot everything and gave
in, but a picture of her husband in that wheelchair flashed through my mind.

I told her she was very attractive and exciting, but I was reluctant to "play"
since she was married.  She looked up at me with those beautiful brown eyes
and explained her husband understood he could not fulfill her sexually and
encouraged her to explore relationships with other men.  I asked her if she
was sure.  "Let me show you how sure" she cooed.  And she pulled my robe
open exposing my almost fully erect cock.

Nancy dropped to her knees in front of me and gently kissed the head of my
rod.  She took it in her hand and started licking down my shaft.  She moved
her hand to the top and flicked the base of my cock with her tongue, gently
stroking the head with her long, delicate fingers.  Her tongue felt wonderful,
and I closed my eyes and felt like I was floating.  Her tongue moved down
onto my balls, licking first one then the other.  Soon I felt her wet lips
kissing my balls, and she took one in her mouth and gently sucked it while
her tongue continued to lash gently.  I had to put my hands on her head to
keep my balance.

She sucked both my testicles this way, and then licked the base of my dick
again.  Still gently holding the head, she looked up at me.  Her eyes seemed
a little glazed and full of lust.  The sight of her beautiful face on my
cock was extraordinary.  I could feel the heat in my balls and dick she was
generating.  She continued working her way up my shaft, alternately licking
and sucking.  When she reahed the top, she sucked the head of my cock into
her warm wet mouth.  Her tongue moved from side to side under my dick while
she gently sucked the head like a popsicle.

Her mouth slowly moved down my rod.  The further she went, the more I felt
I would explode.  I had been blown before, and some of the gals could really
get down.  As Nancy moved her mouth further down my cock at a constant pace,
I realized she was going to take the whole thing.  All the while her tongue
snaked all over the bottom of my cock.  When she had gone as far as I thought
possible, she cupped her hands on my ass and pulled me deeper into her mouth.
Her nose was pressed into my belly, and she pressed her lips hard against my
pubic bone.  I had never had anyone go down on me like this, and I could
hardly stand.

She slowly slid her warm mouth back up my shaft, still flicking her soft
tongue under it.  When she got to the top, she released my prick and looked
up at me again.  "I want you to fuck my mouth", she said.  Then she closed
her eyes and took my manhood back into that sweet, wet cavern.  She bobbed
her head up and down in long slow strokes.  Involuntarily, I began rocking
my hips back and forth in rhythm with her.  I moved my hands to the back of
her head and held it.  As I increased my thrusting, she moaned and her mouth
filled with saliva.  At first I was conscious of not thrusting too hard or
too deep, but the harder I probed the more she seemed to enjoy it.  Her hands
fondled my balls and I knew I couldn't contain my orgasm much longer.  When
I moaned, "Oh God Nancy, I'm coming", she put her hands on my hips and
pushed and pulled so I was moving faster than before.  My balls were slamming
against her chin each time I moved forward.

Suddenly I could feel a wave of electricity moving from my balls up my prick.
I exploded into Nancy's mouth sending a blast of hot cum down her throat.  She
pulled me deep into her mouth with one hand and massaged my testicles with the
other.  My cock was throbbing.  With each spasm I sent another load of hot
cream into her mouth.  I thought I would come forever, but she sucked and
swallowed everything I had.  I couldn't stand any longer and had to sit down
on the couch.

I was enjoying this episode so much that I didn't notice Hombre had come out
into the living room until I sat.  He was lying behind Nancy sniffing her ass
and pussy. I was sure I had closed the bedroom door, but somehow Hombre had
gotton out. When Nancy had licked the last of the goo from my trembling cock,
she licked her lips and sat beside me.  Hombre sat up, and I could see the pink
tip of his cock extending out from its furry sheath.  I was planning to "thank"
Nancy as she had thanked me, but I was afraid the dog would distract her.  I
didn't want her to notice Hombre was seemingly excited by her as well.

I told Hombre to go back to the bedroom, but she quickly reached out and
patted him on the head. "No, let him stay.  I like dogs, especially big ones
like this.  What's his name?"  I told her his name, and she continued
petting his head and shoulder.  Hombre put his front paws on her bare legs -
I was sure he would scratch her.  But Nancy didn't mind at all.  She spread
her legs and slid down slightly on the couch placing her crotch right in
front of Hombre's muzzle.  He sniffed and licked her thighs and pussy until
the inside of her legs glistened with his saliva.  I thought things were
getting out of hand, especially when I noticed that Hombre's penis was now
protruding about an inch out of its sheath.  Nancy caught me looking, and
said, "See, he likes me, too".

She moved her hand over Hombre's back and down across his side.  Nancy sat
up straight so she could reach further back along the dog's flank.  Her
hand moved under him, past his cock and over the furry sheath.  She began
to slowly move her hand back and forth, and I could see the bulge at the
base of his penis become larger.  Suddenly she looked at me and said,
"Promise you won't tell anyone, ok?".

Frankly I could hardly speak.  I still hadn't completely recovered from
the blow job, and seeing Nancy reaching under my dog masturbating him was
a bit of a shock.  But somehow watching her turned me on.  But I managed
to spit out a few words and promised her secret was safe.

Nancy kept rubbing Hombre's dick, but she didn't seem to be making much
progress.  She made a circle with her thumb and finger and began sliding
it over his pink cock.  Hombre was definitely enjoying her affections,
but he wasn't getting any larger.  "Maybe my hand is too dry", she said.
She slid down onto the floor so that her head was even with the shepherd's
flank.  She put a hand near the top of each of his hind legs and ducked
her head under his belly.  "God", I thought, "her mouth his right in front
of his cock.  She can't be thinking of servicing the dog the way she did me".
At that moment, her tongue flicked out and caressed the pointed tip of
Hombre's pink penis.  He lurched a little, and Nancy began licking all
around the head of his cock.  Hombre's prick began to swell and redden as
it filled with blood.  Nancy continued licking the head, then moved under
his cock and licked the underside of Hombre's swelling member.  She licked
back and forth a few times, and Hombre began to rock slowly.

A small stream of pre-cum lubricant was dripping from the dog's engorged
cock.  Nancy moved back to the tip, flicking her tongue all the up his
shaft.  Hombre was dripping a stream of cum now, and Nancy licked it from
his penis.  She encircled the head of Hombre's hard cock with her soft
lips and gently sucked.  Hombre soon started hunching more, driving his
red swollen cock between her wet lips.  She moved her mouth farther down
over his dick, then back again in rhythm with his thrusts.  But her
sucking was gentle, and she held Hombre's legs to keep him from humping
too hard or deep.

Hombre was growing impatient, I guess, and Nancy released her grip on
his legs.  Hombre started fucking her sweet wet mouth with all he was
worth.  Nancy, for her part, sucked harder.  I could see her cheeks
depress under the shepherd's cock with each stroke.  Suddenly Hombre
let out a low groan, and I knew he was going to come.  Nancy moaned
and pushed her mouth deeper onto his cock.  He spurted into her mouth
again and again, and she swallowed as much as she could.  But some of
his doggie cum trickled from the sides of her mouth as Hombre thrusted
and shot wads of hot sticky come into her mouth and down her throat.

When Hombre calmed down, Nancy crawled out from under him and sat down
on the couch next to me again.  She put her hand on the inside of my
thigh sending electricity down my legs.  I must say she looked very
pleased with herself.

--
