Copyright © 1997,  Ragtime,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.



THE HOME FRONT
by Ragtime


During World War 2, the different theatres of action were called 'Fronts' and were referred to by appropriate names - the Russian or Eastern Front, the Western Front (actually any Allied action other than on the Eastern Front) etc.  

In Britain, the war against the civilian population was referred to as the Home Front and on the Home Front, children (and that meant under 17 then!) in high risk areas, such as city bombing target areas, were sent away to safer parts of the country, as 'evacuees'.  However, in English 'front' can also mean a pretense, something hiding something else.......

One of the problems in writing set in recent 'history' is to remember that some attitudes, education and terminology that we take for granted didn't exist then or had different meanings - keeping one's pecker up meant keeping one's chin up, gay meant light-hearted.  There were no 'teenagers' in 1940's Europe, the women didn't have 'pussies', people were conditioned to moderate their language and using 'obscene language' in front of ladies was taboo. There were a lot of younsters even in their late teens then who were completely ignorant of sexual matters - it was not only their formal school education that was affected by the interruptions of the War.

The telephone system was all-operator connected and because of it's importance to the country's defence, calls had to be kept to a minimum and calls were often tapped for security purposes. The fear of enemy agents meant that the civilian population, as well as the military, were constantly reminded not to engage in 'loose talk' - gossip that could give away secrets. Rationing of food, fuel and clothes was also necessary in order to direct manufacturing and supplies towards the war effort.

Some translation points! 
	UK autumn = US fall, 
	UK petrol= US gasoline, 
	UK suspender belt = US garter belt, (UK braces = US suspenders!) 
	UK flat - US apartment, 
	UK dressing gown = US bath robe.  

WP Spellcheckers can deal with colour, neighbour, favour, defence etc etc!

				**************************


Chapter 1   A Secret Mission  	Spring 1942
Chapter 2   Strangers in the Camp
Chapter 3   Training for Action
Chapter 4   Planning the next Campaign
Chapter 5   Regrouping
********************************
future posts
Chapter 6	Reconnaisance
Chapter 7   Redeployment
Chapter 8   Another re-grouping	Autumn 1943
Chapter 9   Firing Blanks		1944
Chapter 10  Ricochet			1959





THE HOME FRONT 



London - SPRING 1942

Chapter 1 A Secret Mission




"Really, Joyce, I just don't know what makes you think I can arrange that" 

Mary Roberts was trying to sound her most officious, hoping that the woman across the desk from her would be deterred.

Joyce Parks, however, was not to be put off that easily.  She knew how to get her message across with a few well chosen words.  

"Let's say, dear.... cousin, that I'm relying on your - shall we say well developed - maternal instincts?  By the way, how is young Michael these days?  Are you still keeping him hard .... at his studies?  You must be quite proud of how your son has developed - he's quite big for a fifteen year old, seven inches if I remember - very mature.  And sixteen year old  Maggie, she must be missing her father filling her .... life, just as much as you miss him… and your brother, Matthew, I suppose.  With both his mother and his sister feeling so.... deprived, it's probably just as well that Michael keeps his pecker up, eh?"

"Joyce! Really! Not so loud!" her cousin hissed, blushing at the same time " I would lose this job if ever....."

Joyce grinned and kept her voice down to a loud whisper.

"Then all you have to do is get me what I want.  There you are, with the ideal war job, assigning evacuees and out of the thousands you have to deal with, I just want to make sure that those assigned to Jack's farm ..."

"...will fit in with you and your lecherous brother and if I don't co-operate, you'll drop a bit of loose talk about my son, daughter and me, is that it?"

"And don't forget your cousin-husband, who spends all of his shore leave in the bosom of his ever-loving family and then there's your brother and his son"  Joyce added for good measure, although she herself knew that she had no real intention that family secrets would ever leave the family.

Mary glowered for a moment and then suddenly smiled "But it's safer than going out for it, isn't it?  And more reliable - we've taught them everything ourselves.  When are you and Jack coming to visit us again?  The children do ask after you"

"You and Maggie just want Jack so that he can double up with Michael - one in the front and one up the back!"

Mary ignored her cousin's accurate comment.  "It's not going to be easy, you know.  Somebody could spot the coincidence"

"Can you, will you or won't you?"

Mary fumbled through her papers "Here's a pair - Tim and Sally North, twins aged just over 14 years, living in north west London.  Curious, that - they're well out of the usual evacuation areas.  They live with their mother at an uncle's flat since their father got killed at Dunkirk.  Can't vouch for what they look like, though"

"What about a second pair to go with them?"

Mary lowered her voice again  "My God, Joyce, I thought that my family life was bizarre but you and Jack really do take the biscuit!  You want a second set of twin brother and sister so that you can introduce all four into the way you and your brother carry on!"

Joyce conceded the lowering of her voice but maintained defiantly "Why all the fuss?  You and your brother, your husband and his sister, your son and daughter, and their son and daughter all do exactly the same thing and I recall us cousins all actually watching your mother, your mother-in-law, and Aunt Josie all engage in the same sibling sport with our father. More to the point, in fact....", Joyce hesitated for moment then clearly changed her mind "It's been some time since we had a family get together.  Certainly not since Dad died. We must have a get together soon.  If all goes well with our evacuees, it could be quite interesting."

"I think the main difference between you and Jack on the one hand and Lionel, Linda, Matt and me is that my brother and I actually married  Lionel and Linda.  But never mind.  Here's a pair." Mary changed the subject quickly. 

The reminder of her and her husband's own incestuous sibling relationships coupled with the prospects of an extended family gathering, to include two new young couples, was beginning to make her feel uncomfortable, in a pleasant sort of way.  

"Barker, father returned here from the West Indies. The details suggest that although the twins weren't born over here, they have been brought up as Britons.  Stephen and Tessa Barker, aged 15 years.  This might appeal to you, though. Their father appears to be a widower but I can't be sure and he lives with his younger sister.  He wants to get the kids to safety, he says."

"That sounds very promising.  Get them sent to us a soon as possible"

"I'll see what I can do - it could be a week or two and they won't necessarily arrive at the same time."

"And I'll get back to the farm and give Jack the good news. I know you'll give my love in a most practical way to your children, won't you,  especially your darling son, Michael."

							 -oOo-

With petrol rationing, it meant either walking or taking Fred Mumby's pony and trap "taxi" for the few miles from the railway station to the farm.  Joyce, weary from her walking around war-torn London, chose the pony and trap. 

Fred was almost deaf and never engaged in conversation so she was left to her own thoughts, the same thoughts that had made the train journey pass in a blur.  Before they were out of the station forecourt her mind had returned to the prospect of having two sets of young brother-sister twins with plenty of time and opportunity to mould them to the ways of her and her brother Jack ....

Some twenty minutes later, Fred broke into her reverie, announcing that they were nearing the farm entrance road - did she want taking up to the house or be dropped off here?

Joyce decided to get off there - if he took her up to the house, he'll want to come in for a cup of tea and she had other plans as to how she was going to spend the first hour or so on her return home!

It was late evening, although, because of Double Summer Time, introduced as a wartime measure to prolong the daylight hours for farmers, it was still quite light. Jack had finished work and was about to change out of his working clothes as his sister walked in.  

"Well, that's what I call excellent timing, brother dear" she announced

Jack turned, his shirt half off his shoulders and grinned at her  "I will have somebody to scrub my back after all"

Joyce went over to him and put each hand into the front of his shirt, palms to his chest, and sensuously pushed the garment from him.  Her hand then went to his belt buckle and almost tore it open to enable her to push his rough work trousers off his hips, allowing them to fall around his ankles, his boots already off.

Jack stood only in his cotton drawers.  Despite all the familiarity of what was taking place with his sister, it never failed to have the tell-tale reaction that soon manifested itself from behind that flimsy garment.

Joyce insinuated her right hand into the fly opening and grasped the rapidly swelling cock.  Her left hand went behind her brother's neck to draw his lips down onto hers and their hot mouths met with a passion that belied the relatively short period of Joyce's absence - they had last been this intimate all of sixteen hours ago!

"Undress me, you randy fucker, and I tell you what I have done during my visit to Town" she breathed at him when their mouths broke free of each other.

Jack undid the buttons on her smart tunic jacket, put the palm of each hand onto a heavy, generously-sized tit and copied her action in removing his shirt to remove the jacket, except in this instance, his hand lingered over those juicy tits, squeezing them inside her bra, running his thumbs over the erecting nipples.  She moaned softly.  The jacket was tossed towards a chair - whether or not it reached the chair, neither was bothered.  Her white cotton blouse was removed in the same fashion, leaving just the bra to cope with the job of containing her forty-inch bust.

Joyce wondered for a moment whether her brother would continue to concentrate on her tits and remove her bra or would he move on.  She was soon answered when Jack's hand went to the side catch on her pleated skirt.  It and the buttons were soon undone and the skirt joined his trousers on the floor.  He then hooked his fingers inside the elasticated waistband of the half length petticoat and forced that over her arse cheeks to fall on top of the skirt.  

She now stood, just like him, in just underclothes - he in his baggy white cotton underpants and her in a lacy bra, white cotton French-style knickers and stockings held up by a suspender belt.

His hard-on had not abated during this stripping task - indeed, it appeared to have grown!

"Where?" he asked simply

"Upstairs" she answered, giving his cock another squeeze through his underpants.  He picked her up and carried her up the stairs to "her" bedroom.  

Actually they had shared the same bed for years but they maintained the pretence of having separate bedrooms, just in case of prying neighbours.

He dropped her on the bed and took down his underpants.

"Do you want this first or are you going to insist on telling me what hat you've bought in London?"  he smirked, grasping his cock with his right hand and gently wanking it in his sister's direction.

"When I tell you about my trip, brother dear, you won't know what to do with that thing - whether to finish pulling it off or to tear my knickers off and give me the hardest fuck I've ever had"

"Come on, then, tell me"

"I went to see cousin Mary"

"Is that all?  You expect me to shoot off over the thought of you getting a length from young Mike?"

"Let me finish!  I didn't go to her home, I went to see her in her war job."

"What does she do, issue ration books?"

"Nearly right.  She allocates evacuees to host families."

"So, which family are you going to stay with?"

"Very funny.  If you really want to know, we're getting two lots allocated to us!"

Jack's smirk faded just a little quicker than his hard-on  "We're what??!!"

"I thought we ought to do our bit for the war effort" she said teasingly

"What about this though?" he asked plaintively, shaking his wilting dick at her, clearly under the impression that with kids staying at the house, their incestuous activities would have to be curtailed.

"I think that may well be catered for.  You see, I've arranged for us to get two sets of boy- girl twins, one set 15 years old and the other 14 years old...."

Jack's hard-on returned almost instantaneously as she continued "....and they'll be arriving within a couple of weeks"

She had been right, in his excitement he did not know whether to carry on wanking or to fuck her.  Her hands went up to her lace covered tits 

"You're not going to waste that hard-on are you?  I was hoping that you'd get it nicely juiced up inside my hot wet cunt and then fuck all your thick spunk up my arsehole - just like Daddy used to do.  Pretty please?" 





Chapter 2 - Strangers in the Camp

Ten Days Later

It was very hot and humid for early May.  Joyce clutched the official letter in her hand as she watched the train from London puff its weary way into the station.  There was quite a throng of people with her at the end of the platform, most carrying a similar piece of paper to that which Joyce held.  She could almost feel the communal sense of anxious anticipation - what would they be like? - will they settle down here?  Joyce smiled to herself as she thought of her own variations on those questions - will they be as co-operative as she and her brother would wish?

The train juddered to a halt and carriage doors flew open along the length of the train.  The mixture of excited chatter and children's crying steadily rose in volume over the sound of discharging steam.  Joyce peered through the smoke and steam from the locomotive.  Children of all ages and appearances were making their own way or being led or carried towards the ticket barrier. 

Suddenly Joyce saw them.  She knew it was them even though she had no idea of what they looked like.  A tall good-looking boy alongside a tallish well-built girl, both blonde.  Definitely middle-class.  She knew she had to make the first move.  As the boy and girl reached the barrier, she called over to them.

"Tim and Sally?  North?"

Both heads turned to her.  "Er, yes.  That's us" said the boy with a London accent - though not cockney, Joyce was please to note.

"I'm Joyce Parks, your host - here's my letter.  Is there anyone I've got see before  I take you with me?"

The girl grimaced "I think you have to see that bossy lady over there, the one with the tweed suit, Mrs Parks."

"Just call me Joyce.  OK - you two come with me and see the Queen Bee"

Tim and Sally giggled.  "This doesn't look too bad after all, Sal" he murmured "She's not at all stuffy.  Quite friendly"

"She looks a bit glamorous for the country but what's her husband look like?"  Sally murmured back.

Joyce had engaged the bossy woman in conversation and within a few minutes she turned to the twins.  "Right!  That's all settled.  Where's your luggage?  Oh, you're sitting on it.  Come on then, pick up your cases and let's go!"

Tim picked up their one heavy suitcase.  His sister picked up the haversack containing his gas mask and draped it over his shoulder, put her own over her shoulder and then picked up a sort of hold-all.  Joyce was away, three or four yards in front of them.

Outside the station, Joyce made her way over to Mumby's pony and trap.   "This will make a change.  Have you ever you ever ridden in one of these?"

"Our milkman once gave me ride down our road on his cart"  Tim informed her.

"The farm isn't too far out of the village - about five miles.  The ride will give us the chance to get to know each other.  I'm Joyce and I live on a farm with my brother Jack.  It was our father's farm but he died last year.  Now, tell me about you."

Hesitantly at first, Sally and Tim sketched out their background as they made their gentle way through the village streets.  Joyce was quick to detect plenty of eye messages between the twins as they pieced their story together.  

"Have you had many air raids in your area?"  Joyce started to probe, remembering what Mary had remarked.

"Hardly any." replied Tim

"We get plenty of Air Raid Warnings but not much happens our way,"  Sally added  "A lot of people don't take much notice, don't even bother going down to the shelter." 

This made Tim smother a snort. "They're too busy". 

Sally smiled and kicked his foot.

Joyce's pulse leapt slightly as she detected coded messages between brother and sister.

"If you're not having many raids, why are you being evacuated?" Joyce asked.

"To get us out of the way"  Tim smirked.

"Tim!"  Sally was more anxious than angry.

"Well it's true and you know it, Sal."  Tim rejoined.

"But you just said that there aren't many raids to get you out of the way of" persisted Joyce.

Again, rapid eye messages went between the twins.

Joyce decided to change tack slightly.  "It's your uncle's flat you and your mother are staying at, isn't it?  Is he your mother's brother or your father's?"

"Mum's " answered Sally

"Her own brother" added Tim, very slightly contemptuously

Joyce sensed a very promising situation.  "How long have you been staying there?"

"Two years - since Dunkirk" said Tim

Joyce again remembered Mary's briefing.  That was when their father was killed. 

"I expect your Mum has needed someone to comfort her at some very difficult times"

Again Tim gave a stifled snort.  "Yes, Mum certainly needs plenty of comforting, if that's what it's called."

"Tim!" pleaded his sister

Joyce smiled.  "I think I know what troubling you, Tim.  By the way, don't worry about our driver - Fred is nearly as deaf as a post, you can say what you like.  If it makes you feel better, though, we'll be able to talk it out when we get to the farm, .  Things aren't always as bad or wicked as they seem to young folk, you'll see."

"I'm not sure we should talk about it" said Sally "We've always been brought up to keep quiet about whatever happens at home.  It's nobody else's business, Mum used to say."

"That was when we were younger, Sal, before we moved to Uncle Tom's.  Mum didn't want people to know that Dad used get drunk and hit her.  This is different."  Tim turned to Joyce.  From when they met, he had been eyeing her on the quiet.  She was very feminine and maternal which stirred something in him he couldn't quite understand.  "Yes Mrs...er Joyce, I think I would like to talk about it."

Joyce could hardly contain herself.  If only Fred could be like Ben Hur she had seen at the pictures years ago.  They would be home in minutes!   Instead, the minutes ticked by.  

"It's so sticky today, isn't it?  I'll not be surprised if you're steaming inside those town clothes, Sally.  A bath is a must this evening.  Do you have any water shortage problems?"

"Sometimes" Sally still seemed to be dwelling on the previous topic of conversation.

"We get them quite often and we need as much water for the farm as we can get."

There was a short emptiness of conversation.  Both twins seemed to be deep in thought, as if both wrestling with the same problem.

"Did you bring many clothes with you, Sally?"

"A few, mainly skirts, blouses and jumpers.  I haven't got many dresses and those that I have aren't very grown up, if you know what I mean."

Tim decided to be bold.  "She means they're not very low at the front like ...." he stopped suddenly and reddened when he realised that if he finished it would have given away  what he had been doing.

"Like mine, Tim?"  Joyce finished for him, laughing.  She had been all too aware that the lad had been ogling her fat tits since she had sat down beside him at the station.  She leant against his shoulder, which gave the youngster a first rate chance to look down onto the two huge wobbly mounds.  

"Don't be shy, Tim, all of us girls like to be noticed there, don't we, Sally?"   

Tim was pleased that Joyce wasn't angry with him.  He was sure he was going to like staying at the farm.  He wasn't so sure about Sal, though, she had blushed at Joyce's remark about getting noticed, clearly meant in a sensuous way.  The past few months had brought them together much closer than maybe they would otherwise.  He hoped she wouldn't start getting jealous of Joyce, just because he was ogling the woman's tits.

							-oOo-

After what seemed an age to Joyce, Mumby turned his cart into the farm approach road and she was able to point out to the twins all the important landmarks of the farm.  As they pulled into the yard in front of the house, a tall handsome man, with the same auburn coloured hair as Joyce, approached them.

"Sally and Tim, meet my brother Jack"

"How d'you do?" said Tim shaking hands politely

Sally blushed again and said "Wow!" very quietly to herself but loud enough for Tim to hear.  He grinned to himself.

"Let's get  your things inside so that Fred can get back to the station to pick up another fare"  said Jack, ushering the twins inside the house whilst Joyce paid the fare.

Joyce joined them in the parlour.  It was a modestly furnished room with a very large fireplace.

"I suppose the first thing we'll do is get some food inside you.  Does bacon, sausages and eggs sound OK?" asked Joyce.

The twins gasped.  "All that?  What about rationing?" replied an astounded Sally.

Joyce and her brother both laughed.  "You're forgetting we're farmers!"

It didn't take Joyce long to prepare the meal, during which time Jack had taken the twins on a guided tour around the farm yard.  Equally, it didn't take long for the hungry youngsters to demolish the food set before them.  Joyce was now ready to play her first card.

"The next thing is to show you your room.  I didn't mention it earlier but we have some more young guests coming to stay with us, they'll be arriving in a few days.  That means that accommodation will be tight but I'm sure we'll all get on fine together"

Whether it was the excitement of the new surroundings or the contentment of a full stomach, Joyce was not sure, but the implications of her precise choice of the singular  'room' didn't seem to get through to the twins.

"This way, you two.  Jack, could you put the plates in the sink and put some hot water on for a bath, please?"

Tim and Sally followed Joyce up the steep narrow staircase.  Tim was at the rear and looking up, all he could see were the swaying rear-ends of his sister and Joyce.

"This will be your room.  I hope you like it."

"Both of us?" said Sally, looking at the only bed in the room - only a little smaller than a normal double bed.

"Why, yes" responded Joyce quickly "As I said downstairs, we have some others coming shortly"

"Oh, yes" said Sally faintly

"Don't worry, Sal, we can dress and undress in the bathroom" chuckled Tim

Joyce seized her first opportunity  "Are you saying that you town folk don't undress in front of each other, in the family?  Well I never.  Sally, do I understand that you haven't ever seen Tim without his clothes on?  Lately, I mean, not when you were little kids?"

Sally reddened  "Well, I..... er "

Joyce smiled kindly "I think you've got a few surprises coming your way during your stay here, starting tonight. "

"Does that mean you and your brother undress in front of each other?" Tim enquired, somewhat impishly.

Joyce got ready to play her second card. 

"Of course, every day.  Because of the water shortages and coal shortages, there's  just enough hot water for only one bath so we both share the bath."

"Not at the same time?" breathed Tim, quickly glancing at his sister before looking back at Joyce, his face flushed.  Joyce read the glance.

"Of course!  We share the water, he washes me and I wash him.  What other way is there?  And just because we've got extra people here, it doesn't mean we'll get any more water.  You'll have to join us." 

"Wow" said Tim leaning back on his elbows on the bed, his thoughts racing and showing the beginnings of a bulge at the front of his trousers.

"Oh" said Sally, again faintly.

"Look, you two, from  what you hinted at on the way from the station and the messages flying between you now - yes, I've seen them - there's obviously something troubling you.  Why don't you tell me now?"

Tim looked at his sister who had sat down beside him on the bed.  Her look was non-commital.

"OK but promise first that you won't tell anyone else outside this house."  Tim insisted.

"You have my word, unless, of course, you change your mind about that." purred Joyce, sitting down beside him on the bed, on the opposite side to his sister.

Tim prepared himself for his tale.

"Last summer, late one evening there was an Air Raid warning.  Uncle Tom's flat has got three bedrooms.  He has one, Mum and Sal share the biggest and I have the box room.  When I heard the siren, I got up and went to get the others.  When I got into Mum's room, only Sal was there, asleep.  There was no sign of Mum.  A bit worried, we went into the living room but she wasn't there either.  We then went to Uncle Tom's room and were about to go in when, above the noise of the siren we could hear Mum's voice from inside.  I could remember when she used to have rows with Dad but it wasn't that sort of shouting.  Very carefully, I opened the door and looked in, both of us.  Mum and Uncle Tom were both on his bed, without any clothes on at all."

"There, you see," interrupted Joyce, "you town folk do undress in front of  members of your own family.  Is that all they were doing?"

"No" continued Tim, "Mum was on her back and he was laying between her legs going up and down on her.  She was doing it with her own brother."

"Is that it?  Is that all?" asked Joyce, making a play of being faintly dismissive.

"We watched for a while, forgetting the air raid, and then closed the door.  We then went back to our rooms.  I'm sure that they don't know that we saw them that night and they don't know that we know they do it every night but I think we were evacuated to get us out of the way, just in case we did find out, especially as Dad won't be coming back."

"Have you watched them again?"

Joyce saw Sally blush.

"A few times" said Tim

"OK so what's the problem?  That you were evacuated to get you out of the way so that you wouldn't find out that your Mum was doing it after your Dad was killed?"

"Isn't doing with her brother a problem?" pointed out Sally.

"You mean you wouldn't mind her doing it if it were somebody else, other than him?"

Sally thought on that.

Joyce continued "Look, from what I gather, your Dad wasn't too loving towards your Mum.  Your Mum is an adult and adults, women as well as men, have certain, er, bodily needs.  As an adult woman, I can assure you that those needs can only really be satisfied by a man.  It would seem to me that your Uncle Tom is just the person to help her.  Just think of the wagging tongues if she were seen galavanting round town so soon after her husband dies a hero at Dunkirk."

"But he's her brother" insisted Sally

"Does that mean he hasn't got the equipment to satisfy her?  From what you've already told me, it sounds as though he's quite adequate"

"But brothers and sisters aren't supposed....." Sally again insisted

Joyce quickly interrupted her "People in this country are not supposed to have slap-up egg, bacon and sausage meals while there's a war on, are they?  Does it affect anybody else?  No.  It makes no difference to anyone else.  It's none of their business. Now tell me, and be totally honest with me, both of you.  After you witnessed your Mum and her brother, haven't you two experimented quietly together?"

Sally's head dropped, her face beetroot-colour. 

Tim's lower jaw sagged open, for the first time his face was as red as his sister's 

"How.....how did you know?" he whispered.

Joyce laughed  "Don't forget that Jack and I are also brother and sister.  Believe it or not, we were once both your age and we watched our mother and father, just like you, but with some differences that I'll tell you about later.  Now then,  what have you two been up to?"

There was a deafening silence then Tim volunteered "We have got undressed in front of each other."

"Tim!  No more!" pleaded Sally

"So there is more"

"We have ...er.... touched each other.  Down there and up there"

"Tim!  Please, you musn't"

Again Joyce interrupted her 

"Sally, I'm certainly not going to do anything to harm you, I'm your friend in this.  Remember Jack and I, and millions of other brothers and sisters throughout time, have all done the same sort of thing.  The greatest damage is done not by doing it but by hiding it and feeling guilty about it.  As long as neither of you force each other, it's nothing to be ashamed of.  Go on, Tim"

"No, Tim"

"Go on, Tim" insisted Joyce again.

"We did try to do it.  Once.  Just once.  Although we had watched Mum and Uncle Tom as often and as closely as we dared, neither of us knew exactly what we should have been doing.  I did ask one or two of the older boys at school, in a round about way but they only tried to get from me the name of the girl I was hoping to fu ... um ... go out with.  So, apart from rubbing our tummies together, nothing really happened. Now we just use our hands on each other, down there."

"Don't you still want to try, properly?" Joyce asked.

"I don't know" Sally replied, her head still hung down.  Her brother remained silent.  At least it wasn't a negative response from the pair of them, Joyce thought.

"I think the bath water should be ready by now.  Come on."

In a trance-like state, Sally rose and made for the door.  Tim followed.  Joyce ushered them from the bedroom.  In the parlour,  Jack was waiting.  In front of the fireplace was a large zinc bath.

"How many?" Jack asked

"Four" his sister replied.

With a broad smile on his handsome face, Jack went out into the kitchen.

"Tim, can you give me a hand with these kettles, please?" he called.

Tim followed him into the kitchen and returned with Jack, both carrying a very large kettle of boiling water in each hand.  They emptied the kettles into the zinc bath and Joyce added some cold water from a large jug standing in the fireplace.  Jack then took a small basin and scooped out some of the hot water and put the basin to one side. 

"Jack, these two young things appear to be worried about undressing in front of each other, although they have already done so to play mums and dads. They do need to be shown that brothers and sisters can be loving together.  I think we ought to show them the way, don't you?"

Jack smiled at Sally  "Are you afraid of what you might see?"

"They've watched their Mum and her brother at it, many times, so they've seen adults without clothes on.  Come on, take mine off"

As Jack started to undo the buttons on his sister's dress, Sally moved closer to her twin as if seeking shelter from some impending disaster.  Tim for his part was eager to see what would be revealed when the voluptuous well-built Joyce lost her clothes.  He tenderly put an arm round his sister's shoulders and pulled her closer to him.

Soon Joyce stood before them in just her bra and panties.  Her fat tits bulged out the top of her bra and wobbled every time she move.  Tim also noticed that as she moved, the cheeks of arse similarly wobbled.

"Stop there, Jack.  It's my turn"

Jack obeyed his sister's command as she then unbuttoned his shirt and pulled it off leaving a broad hairy chest.  She then unbuckled his belt, unbuttoned his trousers and pulled them down, leaving him standing in his underpants.

"Now then, Tim, whilst Jack takes his socks off,  let's see how much you have learnt - undress Sally!"

Sally trembled against him.  "Come on, Sal.  It's not the first time"

Tim began to unbutton Sally's dress.  He wasn't as expert as Jack was and he was equally clumsy taking off her slip but soon Sally joined Joyce and Jack in their underwear.

"Your turn, Sally"  encouraged Jack, again with a broad smile across his handsome face.

Sally was very awkward in getting Tim's shirt off and worse in taking off his trousers, fumbling his fly buttons in a very nervous state.  Eventually she got there and Tim stood in his underpants, at the front of which there was the suggestion of a growing lump.

"Tim, would you like to help Jack take off the rest of my things?" Joyce asked.

Sally had gone back to being cuddled by Tim and was not too happy with the prospect of being left on her own in just her underclothes.

Tim, however, had no hesitation in quickly moving to Joyce's side, opposite her brother.

"The problem is," explained Jack, cupping Joyce's bra, "that when her bra catch is released, all this tends to fall free.  What it really needs is another pair of hands to keep hold of them until her bra is off and then gently lower them.  Do you think you can do that?"

"You bet!" said an enthusiastic Tim

"OK, get behind her and place your hands here" Jack placed Tim's hands fully on Joyce's fat wobbling tits, outside the bra cups.  "When I release the catch, quickly move your hands inside and take a firm hold."

Sally looked on, somewhat envious that the woman was getting the full attention of both Tim and the handsome Jack.

"What do you boys call these, Tim?" asked the woman speaking over her shoulder to the boy  "Remember, out here in the country we're plain speaking, no fancy posh words and no baby words"

"I'm not sure I should say it" murmured Tim, torn between his upbringing and a desire to grow up.

"What do you call them, Sally?" Joyce asked

"Don't know" whispered the girl, almost sulkily

"Tell them, Jack"

"They're tits.  Nice, big, juicy, fat tits" her brother obligingly responded

"There you are.  You both know the word already, don't you.  Now you say it, Tim.  Tell me what you've got in your hands"

The boy paused then replied boldly "Your big juicy fat tits"

"That didn't hurt, did it?  Now Sally, your turn.  What has your dear brother got in his hands?"

Reluctantly, Sally replied "Your tits"

"Good! I love having my tits held, don't you, Sally?  Do you know how to undo a bra, Tim?" asked Joyce

"I'm ..er..not sure" admitted the boy

"Watch how Jack undoes mine and then you'll know how"

Jack reached behind Joyce, between her and the boy, and released the bra catch.  Tim's hand made the rather unnecessary move under the garment to grasp the full tits.  

"Have a feel of her tits, Tim.  Squeeze them in your hands - not too hard - just play with them."  encouraged Jack.

They felt like nothing else he had ever touched, soft, pliable and warm.  As he was standing up against her, Joyce felt something brush against her arse cheeks and as Tim had both hands otherwise occupied on her tits, that something could only be a hard-on.

Jack leant forward and, moving Tim's fingers aside, took her left tit in his mouth and drew hard on the nipple.  He then moved to the right tit and did the same, leaving both nipples shiny wet and very erect.

Joyce drew breath and then pulled her brother's head back onto her left tit for a repeat performance.

"Tim! Just feel these nipples" he said, guiding Tim's forefingers and thumbs to the prominent rubbery tips "Now the knickers".

"No, not yet." interrupted Joyce "You've got to take Sally's bra off first then we'll have those pants off the pair of you before you take our knickers off, eh, Sally?."

Joyce moved away from the two males and reached out her hand for Sally's.  At first, the girl started to back away but Joyce persisted.

"Come on Sally.  You'll enjoy it, especially if Tim does to your tits what Jack did for mine.  Just look at my hard, wet nips!"

Sally moved coyly into the space between Tim and Jack vacated by the woman.  Jack positioned himself behind her and reached round in front of her to cup her covered tits in his huge hands.  She hadn't thought about it before but she was glad that her tits had begun to grow and, given her age and overall size, her 36Cs were something to be thankful for, even if she had a lot less than Joyce.  Against her back she could feel the bare flesh of Jack's chest and upper abdomen and against her knickered bum, she could feel a prodding.  Her twin moved towards her, his arms outstretched to embrace her.

Tim concentrated hard on remembering how to undo the bra catch and in his concentration, he hadn't noticed that Jack had pushed Sally closer to him so that her stomach was flat to her brother's.  Tim could feel Jack's hands against his chest as they played with Sally's tits still contained within her bra.  Sally for her part was breathing heavily.  She could feel the prodding at her bum and now something prodding at her lower belly.  Despite her inexperience, she knew all too well what was causing the prodding.

Tim finally undid the bra catch to release his sister's tits.  Jack's hand immediately went under the falling bra to cup the warm tit flesh and to continue the kneading he had started when the bra was on, this time with Sally's hand over his, encouraging him.

Meanwhile, having accomplished his task at her back, Tim had extracted his hands from between his sister and Jack.  He was, however, at a loss as to what he should do with his hands when Joyce quietly moved towards the threesome and guided his hands to Sally's waist, above the hips.  Jack at the same time made a thrusting movement with his pelvis so as to push Sally closer to her brother.  Tim looked straight into his twin's eyes.  Those eyes were hot, her jaw was sagging and her pelvis was beginning to gyrate against his.  He then did something he had never done with anyone before - leant forward and kissed her full on that open mouth, at the same time pulling her waist towards him.

Sally's reaction was just as impetuous.  She forced her mouth against Tim, took her hands off Jack's at her tits and threw her arms around her brother, pulling him even closer.  For a first proper kiss for both of them, it was long, very long.

When they broke for air, Jack was ready to take them further.

"The nipples, Tim"

Tim was still looking into Sally's eyes and although he asked no question, her eyes answered in encouragement.  Tim pulled her by the waist hard to his groin and since Jack still had a firm grasp of her tits, the effect was to arch her back, presenting her tits to her brother's eager mouth.  

He descended on the left tit, taking as much in as he could then drew off, leaving just the nipple in his mouth.  He took the rubbery flesh between his teeth and gently pulled it, at the same time flicking the tip of his tongue against the tip of the captured teat.  He was amazed that he was doing this instinctively and quietly proud at the reaction it was getting from his aroused sister.  She was now moaning to herself and hold his head to her tit.

As Joyce looked on, she silently congratulated herself on hers and Jack's good fortune.  This was going to be a lot easier than she feared.  Furthermore, from what the twins had told her about their mother and her brother, there was going to be some greater potential there, too.  Perhaps, if all went well, they could come and visit the farm.

Tim had changed to the right tit and was giving that one its fair share of the treatment.  Sally was getting close to becoming delirious.  Joyce could see that both Jack and Tim had developed considerable bulges in their underpants.  Time to move on with the action, she thought.

"I don't want to be a spoil sport, but the bath water is getting cold.  I think, Sally, that we should relieve these two of their pants so that we can lose ours and get into the bath, don't you?"

Jack lifted Sally back to vertical.  "Who's going to be first?" asked Jack, answering his own question by standing in front of Joyce and Sally.

"OK, since I was first between the girls, you can be the first of the boys" laughed his sister.  "Sally, you get on his left side, I'll take the right." 

They placed themselves either side of him.  Sally was now so aroused that she wanted to see what was coming; she was now just as eager as Tim had been in helping to take off Joyce's bra.  Jack draped his arms around the shoulders of the two females so that his left hand held the girl's left tit and his right held his sister's right tit.

"Place your right hand flat on his lower back, like this"  Joyce demonstrated by placing her palm of her own left hand on Jack's lumbar region, her fingers pointing downwards.  Sally mirrored her action.  "Now place your left hand on his tummy, opposite your right, in the same way"  

Again, Joyce demonstrated and Sally copied.  "Stand slightly in front - the front is much more interesting than the back! Now slide the back hand downwards, onto his bum, pushing the waistband as you go.  Slide the front hand downwards, with your fingers under the elastic, until your hand meets mine - or until you find anything else that interests you!"

The pushing down of the waistband at the rear soon caused the underpants to lose their grip on Jack's body and they began to drop off his bum. 

Meanwhile, Sally's fingertips of her left hand had started their travel underneath the front part of his pants and had already encountered the wiry bush of the man's pubic hair. 

Looking down, she could see that Joyce's wrist had started to pull the  waistband away from his tummy so that Sal could now see some of that reddish-brown pubic hair.  Her pulse started to race and her temples pounded,

"Push your hand down further, Sally"  the woman urged "You know what you're looking for, don't you?  And don't forget to keep stroking his bum with your other hand - men love to have their bums stroked as much as we do."

On Joyce's insistence, Sally's fingers ventured further until they came in contact with some hard flesh.

"She's there!" cried the man, feeling the girl's fingertips touch his cock.

"Good for you, Sally.  Now take it in your hand and tell me what you've found"

Sally gingerly felt the base of Jack's tool between her thumb and forefinger.

"Don't be afraid of it, take a firm grip of it!" Joyce was getting more urgent.

Sally did as she was told and in doing so, her hand pushed the drooping waistband off the man altogether, subtly aided by his sister, and the underpants fell to the floor leaving him completely naked.  It also fully revealed Sally's grip of his flesh.

"What's that you're playing with, Sally" asked Joyce. "Remember - no posh names or baby names for it.  Tell us what it is"

"It's his ...cock" blurted Sally.

"Good - it's also called a prick or dick, sometimes a knob but in this house it's never a 'willie, dickie or  thing'." Joyce looked down at the girl's handling of Jack's prick.  "Can you feel it getting bigger and harder?  There'll soon be room on it for me to get a hand to it as well!"

Joyce's hand went to her brother's balls and started to fondle them.

"What are these called, Sally"

"Balls?" replied the girl

"Right - or bollocks is another name for them.  Here, you play with them - but be very gentle!"

Sally transferred her hand to the man's heavily laden scrotum.  As she did, Joyce's hand took her place on his prick and she started to rub her hand up and down the hardening stem.

"Do you know what I'm doing to his prick now, Sally?"  Joyce asked.

The girl shook her head.

"Tim does, I bet" the woman said  "Come on, Tim, what do you call this when you do it?"

The boy managed to blush, even though his face was already flushed.  "How did you know I ...." his voice trailed off in admission.

Both Joyce and her brother laughed.

"Tim, dear" said Joyce, "any man who says he has never had a wank is either an out and out liar or a saint.  Even when they are having sex regularly, most men wank occasionally too.  Now get this into your heads, the pair of you.  Playing with yourselves is not a terrible sin! Lying about it is more of a sin."

Joyce continued to wank her brother's cock for a short while, rubbing her tits against him at the same time.

"Tim's turn!" she cried suddenly

Tim's underpants were already tenting in anticipation as he eagerly stepped in between his sister and the woman.  This time, Joyce was on his left and his sister on his right.  Tim, not being as tall as Jack, could not get his arms round their shoulders and so settled for reaching round their backs to get a tit in each hand.

"OK Sally, you know what to do, off we go and off with these pants"

Sally placed her left hand on the small of her brother's back and her right on his abdomen.  Joyce's hands were already in place and were starting their journey downwards; Sally's followed hers and in a very short time, the pants were hanging below his bum and her hands had encountered his rock-hard cock.

"Go on, Sal!  Take it in your hand, like you do at home!" Tim urged his sister.

Sally took a firm grasp of her brother's prick and started to wank it the same way as she had seen Joyce wank Jack's.

Joyce in the meantime had pushed the dangling pants to the floor.  She then cupped the boy's balls in her hand and gently rolled them together inside his scrotum.  Though they were nowhere near the size that her brother's were now, she remembered how his had been at that age.  And great oaks from little acorns grow, she thought to herself. 

"Not bad.  Not bad at all" Joyce said admiringly  "What has he got stored up in these, Sally?"

"Only that gooey stuff that shoots out" she replied  "I don't know what it's called"

"Tell her, Tim.  You know what it's called, don't you" she gave his balls a gentle squeeze.

"Spunk"

"Nice hot, thick creamy spunk" mused Joyce  "Have you seen your brother spunk much,  Sally, when you play with his cock?"

"Nearly every time I play with it he shoots off into a hankie" Sally replied

"What a waste!  We'll have to show you something better than that!  In the meantime, I think you'd better stop wanking him now or he'll shoot his spunk over the floor.  It's time for them to take our knickers off.  I'll go first so that Jack can show Tim what to do."

"I have helped to take Sal's knickers off before" Tim complained

"Maybe but did you do it in a way to give her pleasure or just so you could get them off as quickly as possible?"  Joyce retorted.

Sally laughed as she recognised that it was always very much the latter.  She sat down whilst Jack joined his sister and the boy.

As the rampant males stood either side of her, Joyce reached down and grasped a prick in each hand.  Sally watched intently, making mental notes for when it was her turn.

"You remember how they took off our pants, Tim?" asked Jack "Well, this is almost the same.  Put your right hand on the small of her back just above the waistband of her knickers and your left on her tummy.  But before we start to move downwards, we can add to her pleasure by each taking a tit in our mouth."

In demonstration, Jack leant forward and took the nipple of his sister's right tit into his mouth.  Tim followed his example on the left tit.  Their rearmost hands started to descend, gradually revealing the cheeks of her arse.  Under the elastic at the front, Tim's fingers soon encountered the soft hairs of Joyce's pubic bush.  Joyce moaned and opened her legs a little.

"Onward, Tim" urged Jack, whose own right hand was lifting away his sister's knickers at the front.

Tim pressed on only to find his fingers encountered Jack's.  Or rather, it encountered Jack's second finger gently stroking the depths of the hairy bush.  There was a lot more hair than he'd seen on Sally, probably looking more of it because it was darker, the same auburn as her head in colour rather than Sally's gingery blond.

It was Jack's turn to ask all the embarrassing questions.

"Where do you think my finger is, Sally?"

Sally was a bit flustered.  On the one hand she desperately wanted to be a part of what was happening but on the other, she was still embarrassed to repeat words she thought of as swear words of the worst kind.

"Her slit?"

"Tim, you put your second finger where mine is and tell me where it is"

Tim moved his hand downwards and hooked his finger into the sopping hole alongside Jack's.

"That's her ....cunt" whispered Tim

Sally suppressed a gasp at her brother's blatant use of that word.  However, she was not going to be allowed to get off.

"Where are our fingers, Sally?" persisted Jack

Sally gulped.  "In her ...cunt"  The last word was almost inaudible.

"In whose cunt?" asked Jack

Sally knew what the man wanted her to say.  "In your sister's cunt - your finger is in your sister's cunt."  A little more confidently this time, although still a little flushed in the face.

Jack was well pleased with her response and turned his attention to Tim.  "What else do we call it, Tim?"

Tim thought for a moment, his finger all the while hooking itself into the soaking opening of Joyce's cunt.  "I've heard of twat, fanny and quim."

"Well done!  Have you ever twiddled your twin's twat?"

"I've just had a part of my finger there and then she comes.  When I start again, she comes again; you love having me finger your cunt, don't you, Sal."

Tim was revelling in his new-found freedom to use words he would never dream of using at home.  At the same time, his twin was getting used to hearing them and was beginning to be less worried about using them.

"Mmm" his sister replied "It makes me feel yummy all over."

Jack chuckled.  "So you know all about coming, do you?  Here, Tim, put your whole hand up this cunt, there's plenty of room."

Tim put his fingers together and insinuated them into the gaping hole, alongside Jack's second finger.

"Aaah!" moaned Joyce, but far from in pain "I'm coming!"

Tim had thought it amazing when his twin came over his finger but this grown woman's come was something else.  Apart from the drenching his hand received, he was fascinated by the spasmodic contractions going on inside her cunt.  He couldn't wait to get Sal doing the same.

Eventually,  Joyce's passion subsided and she slumped against her brother and the boy.

"Now you, Sally" Jack said whilst picking up his sister's knickers and guiding her to a chair.

Sally quickly moved in between her brother and the man and grasped both pricks, just as she had seen Joyce do.

By now, Tim didn't need further instructions.  Being now on his sister's right, his left  hand started to push her knickers off her arse whilst his right hand dived under the front elastic, making straight for the target of his sister's cunt.

"Not so fast, Tim" said Jack "I can understand you wanting to get your hand into your sister's cunt but do it slowly, make it a tease."

Tim made a token effort of slowing down but it still didn't take long for him to hook his finger into the small opening.  He soon felt the company of Jack's finger - that's two.  She had never had two fingers there before.  Would it hurt her?

As if to answer him, Sally let out a long moan.  "Oooh!  This is the best ever!"

Tim was almost beside himself as his sister started to come.  First the familiar shaking and then a sprinkling of cunt juice over his fingers.  Her knickers were now on the floor.  

"This girl is ready for more but that bath water is getting cold.  Come on, everybody."

Jack lead them to the zinc bath.

Joyce had regained her composure and took over the lead from her brother.  

"There's not enough room for all of us to sit down in so Jack will get in first and submerse himself to get wet all over.  Then he'll stand up and I'll get in and do the same.  You two watch and you'll go in afterwards."

Jack stepped into the bath, sat down in the water and then slid down so that the water came up to his chin.  When he had got his whole body wet, he stood up, dripping.  Joyce then stepped in beside him and repeated the process.  When she was stood dripping beside her brother she picked up the soap and gave it to him.

"Jack is going to wash me first.  Watch how carefully he washes me, paying particular attention to certain very special places"   Jack dipped the bar of soap into the water then started to lather it in his hands.  When his hands were covered in suds he reached over to his sister's tits.

"See how he works the lather around my tits.  The suds make it feel so smooth and sensual."

Tim and Sally could see how the woman's tit-flesh moved about under her brother's manipulation. They could also see her nipples hardening with excitement every time Jack's hands passed over them.

"Will you do that to me?" asked Sally in her brother's ear, lifting his hand up to her right tit.  Tim felt his erection growing again as he massaged his sister's tit.  For her part, she took hold of her brother's cock, feeling it harden instantly.   "Why, Tim, it's growing again" she teased.

Tim tried to distract himself  "Doesn't that make you want to do it all the more?" Tim asked the bathing siblings.

"Do what?" asked Joyce

"You know, do it."

"Fuck, you mean?" said Joyce "Does doing this make us want to fuck each other?  Is that what you mean?"

"I didn't know whether I could say that - fuck, that is."

"We told you - plain speaking here.  It's fucking, not  doing it .  And yes, that's the whole idea.  Fucking starts a long way back from his prick going inside my cunt.  Most times, it should be a steady build up, exciting each other so that we're both bursting to come.'"

"Are you going to fuck in the bath?" asked Tim

"Not this time," laughed Joyce, "though most times we do end up splashing water all over the floor.  No, we've got a lot of teaching to get through first.  Now, you've seen that Jack has been lathering my tits - and getting them pretty aroused, too - we're both going to move lower down but before we do, you need to fully realise why.  When you've watched your mother and her brother, have they done anything other than fuck - by that I mean other than his cock going into her cunt?"

Tim and Sally looked at each other before Tim replied.  "We've seen her take his cock in her mouth and sucking it, if that's what you mean.  We think he must have come inside her mouth because when she moved away, his cock had gone down a bit and there was spunk dribbling from her lips."

"Did you try that yourselves, afterwards?" Joyce asked the twins.

"Straightaway," replied Sally

"And?"

"I didn't like it" the girl said  "I stopped."

"What was the matter?  Didn't you like the taste of your brother's spunk?"

"It didn't get that far"

"What didn't you like?"  Joyce maintained the inquisition

"Well, it was a sort of dirty taste.  It reminded me of ... of the  smell in public toilets"

"Mmm.  Did you see your uncle do the same thing to your mother?"

The twins looked at each other, somewhat bewildered.

"You mean him put his mouth onto her cunt?" asked Tim, a bit puzzled.

"Well, it would be his tongue, but yes, have you seen him do that?"

"Never!" both replied

"That's interesting.  When they're fucking, what sort of positions do they fuck in?"

"Mostly Mum lays on her back and he gets between her thighs.  We have seen her on her hands and knees and he kneeling behind her."  answered Sally

"In that kneeling position, could you see his prick going into her cunt?"

"Not from where we were, by the door, no"

"Did she stay on her hands and knees whilst fucking in that position or did she collapse down onto her tummy?"

The twins thought for a moment "I think she stayed on her hands and knees" said Tim "Why?"

"Well," replied Joyce, having gathered as much background as she needed for the moment, "We get our sexual fun in a number of different ways.  The more variety, the more fun.  As I said just now, there's a lot more to fucking than shoving a stiff prick up a wet cunt.  Men get their stimulation from having the loose outer skin of their cock moved against the inside.  That's what happens when you wank, Tim.  A women has a number of ways she can do that for him.  She can use her hands, that's called wanking.  She can use her cunt, that's called fucking.  She can use her mouth, that's called sucking off.  She can even use her tits, if they're big enough.  There's one other place - her arsehole, that's called buggering or sodomy."

At this, the twins gasped in amazement  " Up her bumhole?  I thought that's what dirty old men did to boys" whispered Tim 

Joyce was not to be distracted and continued "A woman, on the other hand, gets her physical stimulation mainly from her clitoris.  Do you both know what that is?"

Both twins shook their heads.

"Right, Sally, go over to the settee and lie back, with your bum on the edge and get your thighs as wide apart as you can."

The girl did as she was told.

"Now do what you do to bring yourself off, when Tim doesn't do it for you"

Sally's already flushed face went a deeper red.  "How do you know ...." she started to ask then remembered what Joyce had said earlier and sure enough, Joyce repeated.

"I've told you before, you're not the only ones on this earth to do all these things.  Come on, get on with it before this water gets cold!"

Sally reached down to her cunt with her left hand and used the tips of the first and second finger to gently open the lips.  With the index finger of her right hand she started to rub between the lips.

"Tim, go and have a close up look at how your sister fingers herself.  See where her right finger is.  It's not inside her cunt hole itself, is it?  It's actually rubbing a little hard piece of flesh, almost like a miniature prick - that's the clitoris, or clit.  OK, Sally, you can stop for now!"

The twins resumed their positions by the side of the bath as Joyce went on with her crash course on sex.

"As you saw, a woman gets her main physical stimulation from her clit.  A man can do that with his fingers - called fingering or finger-fucking, or with the hard bone just above his cock, when fucking, or with his tongue - usually called cunt-licking.  What's all this has got to do with washing?  It's simple - Sally, why didn't you like sucking Tim's prick?  Because it tasted like a public toilet.  Since his last bath, he had probably pissed umpteen times, wanked himself and been wanked by you.  When you took his prick in your mouth, it was probably coated in stale piss, stale spunk and sweat.  No wonder it tasted awful.  Even if you had seen your uncle cunt-licking your mother and decided to try that, Tim would probably have met something similar, stale piss and stale cunt juice and when you start fucking, there'll be stale spunk there, too.  Therefore, at least daily washing of prick and cunt is essential to a satisfactory sex life."

"What about buggering?" Tim asked

"Don't worry, Tim," laughed Jack "I don't go for male arseholes, whatever the age!"

"No, I don't mean that.  What about you putting your cock ... up there.  Doesn't it get ... dirty?"

"Well first of all," said Jack "most of the time, there's very little shit in that part of the system, so it's not as though you're going to be sticking it into a lump.  But at the same time, there will always be traces around.  That's why, in a moment, when I wash Joyce, I will be soaping around and in her arsehole as well as her cunt.  It's also important that after you've fucked an arsehole that you wash you cock again before putting it in a cunt, especially another person's cunt, otherwise you could be transferring an infection."

"And especially before you try to get someone to suck you off!" added Joyce as she started to soap her brother's cock and balls. "We usually keep two basins in our bedroom, one with soapy water and the other with a drop of disinfectant - that's what that basin of hot water is for on the dresser, we'll take a soapy one when we get out of the bath.  After Jack has buggered me, he washes his prick in the disinfectant and then in the soapy water before any more sex."

At the same time, Jack started to soap his sister's crotch and arsehole area.  Both older brother and sister were getting worked up with this activity.  Jack bent his face down towards his sister's and their mouths met in a passionate kiss.  During this kiss, their hands moved at varying speeds and intensity over the other sibling's genitals as though teasing each other.  Eventually they broke for air.

"We'd better rinse this off and let these two get washed" breathed Joyce, reluctantly releasing her brother's prick as his hands came away from her crotch and arsehole.

"Why did you ask us whether Mum went forward onto her tummy?" enquired Tim

"When you bugger, it's usually, though not always, in that kneeling position, behind.  However, the feel of a stiff hot cock up the bum generally causes a desire to stretch, so there's a tendency to fall forward onto the tummy." 

"Joyce" ventured Sally, "when Jack buggers you, does it hurt?"

"When anyone buggers me it hurts a little, to start with, however gentle and loving they are.  You see, unlike your cunt, there are no natural lubricants inside your arsehole to assist his prick.  This makes it feel very tight for him as well so he has to take things gently too.  If he has fucked your cunt for a while first - and probably put a finger up your bum whilst fucking you - his cock will be lubricated with your cunt juice and some of his own fuck juice.  Your arsehole will be used to the finger and so his cock should slide in easier, providing he's gentle.  Once inside, his own fuck juice will provide just enough lubrication to keep going but it will feel very tight.  Some people have to use a grease, though - any grease will do."

"It's that tightness which makes arse-fucking so good" added her brother, helping her out of the bath to make way for the youngsters but remembering to scoop out a basin of soapy water first.

"Now then, in you get, you two" resumed Joyce as her brother started to rub her down with a large towel.  "You saw what we did, now you do it."

Tim sat down in the water.  "Any chance of just one more kettle of hot water?" he pleaded

"No, sorry, you'll just have to get a move on" replied Jack

Tim stood up after ensuring that he was wet all over and made room for his sister to immerse herself.  When she had done so, she stood up beside her brother who lost no time in starting to soap her tits.  Sally moaned contentedly as he manipulated the tits and tweaked her nipples.  She took the soap and began to lather his cock and balls.  She remembered the taste of it when she tried to suck him off that once and what Joyce had said about cleaning his prick before sucking it off; she was determined to do things properly this time.

Tim had moved down and had started to soap the gingery blonde hairs of her crotch.  He was just about to kiss her as he had seen Jack kiss Joyce.

"Don't forget her arsehole" said Joyce "She may not be buggered on this first occasion but you should still wash there as a matter of routine.  Put plenty of soap on your index finger and slide it up her bum"

Tim soaped his free hand and warily put it to his sister's arse.  He probed around with his index finger until he found the hole and pushed it in, very gently.  Sally had never felt anything like it before - her brother was lathering her cunt area with one hand and her arsehole with the other.  She turned he face to his and glued her hot mouth to his.  Their tongues met and fenced with each other inside their joined lips as the young girl writhed on her brother's hands.  When he started to move his finger in and out of her bum whilst the fingers of his other hand hooked into her cunthole, she nearly passed out with pleasure.

By this time Jack had finished towelling Joyce and she was nearly finished towelling him dry.  

"I think it's about time we moved on to the next lesson, children" she announced.  She left her brother to finish drying himself to get dry towels for the twins.

"Are you going to show us how to fuck properly" asked a breathless Tim

"If you want to fuck, then it'll be better that we show you the proper way, won't it"

"I'm bursting to get my cock into Sal's cunt.  How you feel about it, Sal?"

"I'm going to fuck sooner or later and I would like you to be the first." his sister replied.

"Well said" applauded Joyce. "When we were about your age, just like you we watched our father fucking one of his sisters, who lived with us.  But in our case, they saw us.  Fortunately, instead of getting angry, they brought us into the room and showed us everything, his cock and balls, her cunt and tits and how they put one inside the other.  Jack was beside himself."

"Just a moment," interrupted Sally, "I thought you said earlier that you watched your mother and father, not your father and his sister"

"I wasn't going to tell you this yet, but we later found out that his sister, Josie, who was about fifteen years his junior, was actually our natural mother - our father and mother were brother and sister who fucked each other, just like their son and daughter now do.  Actually, there's a lot more to it than that which we're saving up to tell some other members of our family in a few weeks time when they come to visit us, and what you'll hear then will make your mother's and her brother's activities seem like a Sunday School outing."  Joyce looked at her brother then grinned.  "it seems that Josie wasn't just his sister, she was his daughter too; he had been taught to fuck by his mother who then got pregnant by him!"

Joyce continued "Anyway, Dad then asked me if I would like to try fucking but Josie said that Jack should be my first fuck, just as Dad had been her first.  When Dad protested that Jack wouldn't know what to do, she suggested that Jack fuck her first, to give him some instruction and to empty the spunk out of his balls so that he didn't shoot off as soon as he got his prick inside my cunt.  To compensate Dad, she showed me how to take a prick in my mouth, to suck it off and drink the spunk.  So, whilst Jack was fucking our mother, I was sucking my first prick and like thousands of other girls before and since, that first cock was my Dad's.  Sure enough, Jack had calmed down by the time he came to take my virginity and it wasn't all over in a flash."  

"Afterwards, I got fucked by Dad for the first time.  Dad was the first to fuck my arse though, but that was a few days later - Josie said that when he had buggered her for the first time, on the same night he had first fucked her cunt, she could hardly sit down for a days."

The twins were transfixed by the woman's account.

"Be honest," added Joyce, "Having heard our story, seen us together as brother and sister and you yourselves engaging in sex play and saying how much you're looking forward to fucking each other, are you still cross with your mother and her brother?"

"It does seem that it's not too unusual after all for her to be fucking her brother" replied Tim.

"Remember, though," warned Jack "Don't go telling everybody that your mother and her brother are fucking each other.  It's nobody else's business.  With us, you have been lucky to find people who will admit to family fucking but although it goes on much more than generally admitted, there are some sanctimonious people around that would get perverse pleasure in seeing your mother and her brother go to prison and you two separated for the rest of your lives just so that they can have clear consciences.  They probably wank themselves silly over the thought of families being so wicked and depraved as to indulge in what's known as incest.  That's how they see it, we're wicked and depraved because we want to give each other love and pleasure, but they're good because they break up families and send people to prison."

Jack's bitter denunciation of outside interference was taken up by his sister.

"It's not just plain fucking that they stick their noses in." she went on.  "Buggering is also against the law now - they made a law that was meant to punish men buggering other men but the people who made the law didn't believe that women could be or liked to be buggered so they left it so that all buggering is against the law, even if a wife wants her husband to bugger her."

"Come on, then" she said as she made for the stairs. "Jack, will you bring the basins as usual?"

						 -oOo-

Chapter 3  Training for Action

 With the bath towels wrapped around their shoulders, the twins followed Joyce back up stairs.  Two doors past their bedroom, Joyce opened a door into another bedroom.

"This bedroom is Jack's" said Joyce pointing to a double bed "but he never sleeps in it.  Since I was fourteen, he has shared mine BUT that's our secret - to any outsider, he has his bedroom and I have mine."

"We do occasionally fuck in here" added Jack " but that's only when we fancy a change of scenery."

"And this room is mine" announced Joyce proudly as she opened the next door.  The room was typically feminine, pink floral decor and soft furnishing.  The atmosphere reminded Tim of his mother's bedroom at home, before the war, before they moved in with Uncle Tom. 

"One thing you will find in all bedrooms here is a large sturdy bed" said Jack, giving the large double bed a good shake "None of our beds will give way under the most riotous fuck orgy - we've had plenty of family get-togethers here and they've been well tested!"

"Right" said Joyce, who, having first pulled the blackout curtain and lit an oil lamp, had discarded her bath towel and stood naked by the bed "I suggest that you two do what we did on the occasion of our first fuck, except you have Jack and I instead of your parents.  I'll show Tim how to fuck me and show Sally how to suck off Jack's nice clean prick.  When the men get their hard-ons back, Tim can give Sally her first proper fuck.  OK?"

As an answer, Tim dropped his bath towel and started to make his way over to Joyce.

"Not so fast, lover boy!  First of all, Jack is going to demonstrate fucking, slowly so you can watch.  I know you've seen your uncle fuck your mother but this time you will both be able to get close up and see exactly what is happening."

With that, Joyce sat down on the bed and motioned Jack to sit beside her.  Jack had already dropped his towel to reveal that his prick was drooping at half mast.  This was no problem to his sister who took hold of it as soon as he sat down and began to wank it gently. 

"We'll soon get this back to it's proper size" she declared "In fact, Sally, this can be your opportunity.  Here, kneel down in front of Jack.  Jack, open your knees to let the girl in.  Now just lick the outside of his cock, particularly across the top.  There, does that taste like a public toilet?"

Sally shook her head as an answer.

"Now let the head pop into your mouth like this."  Joyce knelt down beside the girl and took the head of the prick in her mouth whilst Sally continued licking the rock hard blue veined shaft.  Tim watched enviously as Jack was clearly getting a great deal of pleasure from the two mouths on his prick.  Joyce kept the head of brother's prick in her mouth as she started to draw on it, rather like a lollipop.

"Your turn" she breathed to the waiting girl "Just pop it into your mouth and then imagine you are sucking a lollipop."

Sally moved her mouth up to the red head of the man's cock and plucking up courage, took it into her mouth.

"Not too hard with the sucking, Sally," Jack managed to say "and mind your teeth!"

Sally found that the woman had been right about the taste of a clean prick, it was quite pleasant, if just very slightly salty. 

"Just ease off for a moment, Sally, while we adjust positions." said Joyce  "Jack, will you lay on the bed at an angle, left down to right.  Sally, you can go back to licking him for a while but take it easy otherwise he'll be spunking before he can give his demonstration fuck!  I'm going to squat over his face and Tim, you can come round here so that you can see how my brother licks my cunt.  When you've seen how it's done, you lay on the bed at the same angle as Jack but with your head at the other end."

Joyce lowered her crotch onto her brother's face as Tim made his way round the bed.  She reached down with both hands and pulled open the lips of her cunt.  For his part, Jack extended his tongue and started to lick that part of his sister's cunt she had previously pointed out as the clit.  As her brother did this, Joyce began to move her crotch back and forth over his tongue, causing the tongue to dip into her cunt hole itself.  Tim watched avidly.

"On the bed, Tim" said Joyce "and you do the same to your sister.  The only difference will be that she'll be facing away from you, like I'm now going to do with Jack so that I can take your prick in my mouth.  Then you'll be cunt-licking your sister while she sucks my brother while he is cunt-licking his sister while she sucks you!"

As Tim went to the far corner of the bed, his sister temporarily relinquished her oral grip on Jack's rock hard cock so that she could get up onto the bed over her brother's face.  Once in position over him, she lowered her twat onto her twin's mouth.  

When his sister's crotch come down to him, he realised that this was the most intimate view yet he had had of her cuntal region.  He stuck out his tongue and relied on his sister locating it with her clit, something she really was not going to miss.  He soon felt the hardening nub against his tongue and as she pressed down on it, his nose  found itself in the region of her cunt hole itself.  The aroma and taste of the warm cunt juice that seeped onto his probing tongue was the greatest sensation he had experienced.  

He could feel his hard cock straining towards the bedroom ceiling just as yet another sensation overcame him - that of Joyce's hot warm mouth on his prick head.  He remembered his sister's reluctant and unsuccessful attempt to suck his dick but this was much better - Joyce didn't take her mouth away after a couple of sucks.  He felt the whole length of his cock disappear into the woman's mouth and then out again.  On the next inward journey, he could feel her draw hard on it and then gradually release it as far as the head.  

In his mind, he could see the configuration she had described, the chain of him, Sally, Jack, Joyce and back to him again and the thought of this simultaneous brother-sister activity excited him even more.  Joyce detected this by the taste of his cock juices and called a temporary halt to the activity.

"Here, Sally, this is an important moment for both of you.  You let me have my brother's prick to suck and you have your brother's.  That way, we'll both be in a sixty-nine position - you can see why it's called a sixty-nine when you look at us."

Sally had switched over to her brother's crotch and watched the woman do the same to Jack.  When Joyce lowered her mouth to her brother's straining cock, she could see the reason for the nickname for the position.

Since Tim's ears had been covered by his sister's gripping thighs, all he had heard of Joyce's instruction was a faint mumbling.  However, he soon realised that the hot wet mouth that next descended onto his bursting prick was not that of Joyce but that of his sister.  That thought excited him even more.  Clearly, the washing of his prick had taken away the distaste she had for cock-sucking and the few minutes she had been sucking Jack's dick had given her a little more experience and a lot more confidence.  As she fucked his prick with her mouth, he felt that the least he could do for his loving sister was to intensify his licking of her clit and cunt.

This effort was quickly rewarded when he felt her crotch slump into his face as she shuddered to the strongest orgasm she had ever experienced; his face was bathed in warm sweet tasting cunt-juice.  Yet throughout her come, his sister had hardly slowed in her cock-sucking and this combined with the infectious emotion of her orgasm took Tim over the brink.

Moments before, Joyce had stopped sucking her brother's cock to watch the young couple mouth their way to the inevitable climax Joyce had fore-tasted.  Although there was an element of voyeurism in this, there was also a practical element - how would the girl react to hot spunk being shot into her mouth?  She had to be ready to help her through this critical moment in her young sex life.

Joyce watched the girl writhe through her own orgasm and she knew that Tim's spunk wouldn't be long after.  Sure enough, she saw the boy begin to spasm.  She leant over towards the girl's head.

"Get ready, here it comes" she whispered to the girl "Remember that there is nothing to worry about in taking his spunk in your mouth.  If you can draw it down as quickly as he shoots, like drinking through a straw, you shouldn't have any trouble.  If you can't, just open your mouth and let the surplus run out.  Whatever you do, don't take your mouth away before he's finished spunking, if you can possibly help it."

Just as the woman had finished speaking, before either of them realised what was happening, Tim's prick erupted in a torrent of scalding hot spunk deep into his sister's mouth. Sally felt the first spurt of her brother's spunk hit the back of her throat.  She  felt as though she would gag but acted on the woman's advice by swallowing it as quickly as she could.  As she gulped that down, another spurt filled the back of her throat and another and another.  

The shock of the first spurt had lessened and she was able to deal with these in a more controlled way, by letting more than one spurt fill her mouth and then swallowing a mouthful.  She was a fast learner and coped with this new sensation very well, considering that the spasmodic fucking movements of her brother's prick into her mouth did interfere with her attempts to control things.

After what seemed to the twins eternity - Tim in the timeless throes of his orgasm and his sister in her attempts to master the swallowing of his scalding spunk - their action subsided and Sally almost fell off her brother onto the bed, her mouth dribbling long white trails of spunk from his still stiff cock.

"Wow!  Wow-ee!" breathed Tim "Sis, you were marvellous!  I always knew we should have done that before. No wonder Mum does it to Uncle Tom so often.  And your cunt tastes so good, we should have thought of doing that, too.  Uncle Tom doesn't know what he's missing!"

Joyce made a mental note of that last comment - it could prove useful later.  "It looked good from here, too, didn't it Jack?  It took me back a few years, to my first sixty-nines, with Jack and Dad" she congratulated them.  "Next time, Tim, use a finger in her bumhole at the same time but don't forget to lick your finger first or better still put it in her cunt to lubricate it."

Tim had raised himself up and over to his still reclining sister who had yet to comment on her experience.  His mouth and chin, covered in cunt juice, was matched by her spunk smeared lips.  Nevertheless, he bent his face to hers and kissed her full on those lips.  In one action, he tasted his own spunk and she her own cunt juices.  The kiss was long, tender but passionate.

"Thanks, sis, I'll always remember that.  I felt you come.  Was it OK?  Are you OK?" 

"Mm?" she purred "Oh, Tim, Tim, Tim!  Why haven't you licked my cunt before?  And feeling your hot spunk shooting in my mouth was ... just out of this world!  We will do that again, won't we?  Soon?  Just before we go to sleep?"

Jack and Joyce laughed at the speed of the twin's conversion to incestuous debauchery.

"We've got your first fuck to get through yet, my girl.  By the time you get to sleep tonight you will have taken in enough spunk - in your mouth and cunt - to float a battleship" vowed Joyce.

"I remember that Uncle Tom's prick usually goes down after he's spunked," ventured Sally, "but Tim's prick always stays hard, even when he has just spunked."

"Yes, I was very pleased to notice that it is still hard, but make the most of it - men start to lose that ability as they go past their middle twenties.  It looks as though you could be a very lucky girl to have a brother who can keep his hard-ons after coming.  But I think that watching you two has put my brother on edge a bit.  Move over, the pair of you, and give us some room."   Joyce went on with her instruction "There are countless different positions for fucking - some people seem to spend their whole sex lives looking for new, peculiar or daring ones.  But the three most common are the two you've already mentioned seeing your mother and her brother in, that is where she is laying on her back and he's between her thighs on top of her, and the one where she is on all fours and he kneels behind her.  The third is where he lays on his back and she climbs on top of him, sitting on his prick.  This time, I'll lay on my back and Jack will fuck me from on top."

Joyce then lay back on the bed and her feet back towards  her thighs so that her knees were raised  in the air.  She then opened her knees wide, exposing her wet hairy gash.  

"We've been a bit disjointed but Jack has already gone through the process of playing with my tits, lathering them and kissing them, fingering my cunt and bum and then licking my cunt.  Normally, after all that I would be climbing up the wall for a good hard fuck.  But this is a demonstration so we'll have to be a bit cold about it.  Nevertheless, before he puts his cock onto my cunt, he will still give a quick fingering to make sure the juice is still there to lubricate."

Jack matched his sister's words by kneeling down between her open thighs and reaching to her cunt with his left hand.  For a moment or two, they could all hear the squishy noise of his fingers playing with the sopping wet cunt.

"You two get behind him, one either side, so that you can see him put his prick into me"

The twins complied immediately.  Jack then removed his hand from his sister's twat and placed it to the side of her body so that he could rest his weight on it.  He then leant forward, with his throbbing cock in his right hand, guiding it towards his sister's cunt opening.  When the tip of the knob end came in contact with the cunt's outer lips, he stopped the downward movement.

"This is the best part" sighed Joyce " He's going to rub the tip of his cock along my cunt opening and when he's ready he'll suddenly plunge it in.  It being Sally's first time, Tim, you'll have to be more gentle with that sudden plunge.  Oooooh!"

Joyce's instructional comments came to sudden stop when her brother suddenly speared her hot cunt with his rigid cock.  He had pushed the entire length of his tool deep into her quim and held it there, still.

She gradually regained her composure.  "You'll notice that there is no mad thrashing about" she managed to breathe "he'll hold his dick there for a while then ease it out - well, not quite all the way out - and without warning ram it back up again"

Jack obliged with a demonstration of a few strokes.  Each time his prick emerged from the hot wet sheath of his sister's cunt the twins could see it covered with her cunt juice.  Each up thrust was accompanied by a soft squish sound.  After a few minutes of this teasing, the twins noticed a gradual increase in the tempo of the thrusts until it reached the alternating in-out fucking movement that they had become used to when watching their mother and her brother.

Suddenly, Jack stopped fucking his sister mid stroke and withdrew his saturated tool from her twat and sat on the bed.

 -oOo-

"OK Tim, this is where you take over.  Come and take your place between these thighs."

Tim needed no further bidding.  He was there almost before Jack had moved out from his sister's crotch.   "I'll hold her cunt lips open for you whilst you just rub your knob end up and down the opening" Jack told the boy.

Tim remembered exactly what the man had done - he had been paying very close attention - and copied him.  Joyce soon found she was urging him with her pelvic movements to push his prick into her gaping cunt.  This was soon followed by more vocal urging.

"Ram that prick up my fuck-hungry cunt!  Come on, I want you to fuck all the juice out of my twat, you stiff-pricked fucker.  Put it in!" she almost shouted. "Come on, you randy cunt- struck prick, fuck it up me, hose me with your spunk!"

Tim thrilled at both the prospect of having his prick inside a cunt properly for the first time and at the woman's lewd encouragement.  He continued to rub his knob end between her cunt lips.  

Meanwhile, Jack's fingers had left his sister's cunt and he pulled Sally down so that she could get a close up view of her brother's cock at the cunt of the woman.  As she was down at that general level, Jack gave her a reminder.

"Want to finish what you started earlier on?" he asked, waving his long hard cock in the  direction of the girl's face.

Sally realised immediately what the man wanted and leant over to take his thick prick in her dainty little mouth.  "Is this what you meant?" she asked teasingly just before she popped the head of his prick into her mouth.

Jack simply grunted as her soft lips closed around his cock and she started to draw on it.

Her brother was still teasing Joyce with the head of his prick at her cunt when, suddenly, he rammed the full length of the organ into the depths of the woman's twat.

"Oooooh!  That's ...... so....... good!  Now fuck me properly! Take it out slowly then fuck back in again.  Yes.... that's it!  Just like that, keep fucking my sopping wet cunt!"

Tim was beginning to enjoy the sensation of simply moving his cock in and out of the woman's cunt when he felt a completely new sensation that sent his sex mad brain into a spin - it felt as though her cunt was nibbling at his dick.  She was flexing the inner muscles of her cunt area around his probing cock.

"Sal! Her cunt is eating the end of my cock!  It's so good!" Tim informed his cock-sucking sister.

The sensation caused him to speed up his fucking motions, exactly as Joyce expected.  Though she was thoroughly enjoying this virgin fuck, she had to slow the boy down a bit.

"Steady, Tim" she breathed "it's too soon for me to come yet.  Slow down and make your strokes long and hard rather than short sharp stabs."

Reluctantly, Tim obeyed but to his pleasant surprise, rather than lessening his enjoyment, it increased it.  He also noted a change in Joyce's breathing as he kept to the fuck rhythm.

Soon Joyce was panting as she clung to the boy, hooking her legs around his thighs.

"I'm coming, I'm coming, coming, co...ming, I'm fucking coming, harder, you hard-cocked fucker, get all of that prick in there, I love prick, more prick, shove it hard up my cunt."  Joyce groaned some more, her body in spasm "More, more more.  Give me more fucking cock.  Deep in my twat, I'm still coming, aah..... uh,uh, uhhhhh, oooh..... and more ... ahuh, ahuh, ah, ah, ummmm!"

As the series of rippling orgasms subsided, Joyce regained a little more control.  She moved her mouth to his ear and out the tip of her tongue into it.  Loud enough for only him to hear, she then whispered "Keep fucking me, you haven't finished yet, just because you want to get this stiff prick spunking up your sister's virgin cunt."  

Joyce got confirmation of her assessment as she felt the boy's tool get even harder at the suggestion of fucking his sister.  She decided to gamble on another guess 

"Yes, fuck my hot cunt well and then you can put this had dick into your sister's tight hole.  Then you can fuck me again whilst Jack fucks her.  Yes you'll like that.  I'll be just like your brother-fucking mother - you can pretend it's your mum you're fucking, whilst your sister is fucking your Uncle Tom."  

Tim's prick went like steel in Joyce's cunt - she knew she had struck home  

"Wouldn't you like that, to have your cock up your mother's hot wet cunt?  After all, what's the difference between fucking your sister and fucking your mother or her fucking her brother and fucking her son?"    

"Yes yes ye...s,  take my fucking spunk up your cunt, my spunk is just as good as your fucking brother's, I'm not your little boy any more, I'm a cunt-fucking man, take your fucking son's spunking dick deep."  

Tim thrust his pubes hard against that of the woman, so hard that it almost hurt.  At the same time, she felt the hot jets of spunk splash deep inside her cunt.  Her own lewd suggestions together with the boy's verbal and pelvic reactions brought on another series of orgasms, causing her to shudder violently against him as his orgasmic shuddering continued.

Sally had been watching her brother in his first fuck as she herself was sucking off Jack.  She couldn't hear much because Jack had his hands on her head, close to her ears, helping her to move her head up and down on his prick.  She  felt a little envious that the woman was getting Tim's virginity rather than her but conceded that the woman was probably right - that the mere emotion of him fucking his sister for the first time could make for a very short fuck.  

At the same time, there was also the novelty in having a grown man's prick in her mouth, now that she knew what to do and what to expect.  As her brother was thrusting away in Joyce's cunt, Sally concentrated on Jack's cock in her dainty little mouth.

Jack could hear the verbal encouragement his sister was giving the boy and smiled.  In any event, he always thrilled at her getting sexual enjoyment, whether it was him giving it to her or she was getting it from someone else, it didn't matter one jot to Jack, as long as she enjoyed it.  

In this case, the young twins were going to provide them with some variation in their day-to-day fucking.  Sure, they had the occasional visits from their cousins Matt and Lucy and Len and Mary and their sons and daughters but this promised more, a lot more.  

Not just the twins themselves but their incestuous mother and her brother, a widow and a bachelor.  A germ of any idea formed in his head - he'd have to discuss it with his sister later.  He heard his sister almost talk the boy to his orgasm and the boy's response; Jack decided to do some verbal exploring of his own.

He reached down to her crotch and hooked two fingers inside her cunt hole to frig her, gently.  "Your brother has got a good size prick on him for his age, Sally.  When he gets older, it will probably be so enormous, you won't be able to get your mouth round it.  You need to keep practising with a man's cock in the meantime.  You're a good cock-sucker, Sally.  Do you like having a full size cock in your mouth?"

Sally heard the question through the building haze of the frigging of her cunt.  The thought of sucking a full grown man's cock did excite her, as much as sucking her brother's.  The thought of her brother growing to have an enormous prick also excited her 

"Mmmmm" mumbled Sally

"Dear me, Sally, how rude, trying to talk with your mouth full!  What would your Mum say?" he chided then paused for a moment "What would your Uncle Tom say about you talking with your mouth full?  Especially it were full of hot thick cock, a grown man's cock, just like his cock, the same cock as his sister sucks, the same sister who probably used to look just like you at your age.  What do you think he would like to do with his cock, if he knew that the little girl who looked just like his sister was so good at cock-sucking?  I'm sure Tim could keep your mother busy whilst you took your Uncle Tom's hot thick dick into the dainty sweet little mouth.  He might even show her some of the things he's learnt - just think of that, your brother Tim frigging your Mum's cunt, just like I'm doing to you whilst you suck off her brother's prick!"

His fingers could feel the flow of her cunt juice increase but  especially as mention was made of her Uncle Tom and more so at the imagery of her brother and their mother.  

"Tim could then fuck your Mum, just as he did Joyce, whilst you suck the thick hot spunk out of her brother's balls, just as you're doing to Joyce's brother now!  'Suck harder,' he'd say.  'Take all my spunk whilst my sister takes your brother's spunk in her big wet cunt,' he'd say, wouldn't he?"

For her answer, Sally convulsed on his frigging hand.  She had already experienced a strong orgasm earlier when she was sucking off her brother.  This one was just as intense.  When it subsided, she repaid him by sucking harder and deeper on his engorged cock.  In moments, as with his sister's reaction to her own fantasising over the twins family, Jack could feel himself about to come.  To protect the girl, he withdrew his prick from her suctioning mouth.  To his surprise, she grabbed it back without looking up at him.

"Give that cock back to me, Uncle Tom.  I want your spunk"

With that, she thrust her mouth back down on the man's cock and drew in deeply.  It was more than Jack could stand.

"Take it all, little girl, take all Uncle Tom's spunk!  You'll love every hot drop of it just like my sister does!  Ahhhh!"

He thrust his prick deeper into her mouth as the scalding spunk hit the back of her throat.  She remembered her earlier experience with her brother and swallowed it quickly.  He continued to fuck her mouth as she swallowed the jets of spunk that followed until no more came.  Even so, she continued to tongue the cock within her mouth.

"Little girl, your Uncle Tom just doesn't know what he's missing.  You're a natural cock- sucker.  Mind you, if you get that from your mother, he' probably not missing it"  Jack was breathless  "I certainly wouldn't mind making a comparison in cock-sucking techniques between you and your mother!  What do you think, Tim?"

Tim was still deep in the post-orgasmic euphoria of his first fuck, his mind spinning with multiple themes - the fuck itself, the suggested images Joyce had planted about him fucking his mother, his uncontrolled reaction to them and his twin's similar reaction to similar suggestions about her and Uncle Tom and Mum and himself.

"Er ... pardon?"  

"I was saying that I would mind being sucked off by your Mum to see if that's where your sister gets her talent from.  What about you?  Sally has sucked you off, wouldn't you like your Mum to do it to you, too?  From what you were saying while you were fucking Joyce, you sounded as though you enjoyed the idea of fucking your mother as well as your sister."

"I ...er ... I'm not sure"

"Well, you would like to fuck her, wouldn't you?  You certainly made that clear, just now.  If she looks anything like your sister, she must be quite attractive, is she, Sally?"

Sally opened her eyes.  She had been listening.

"I think Mum looks nice," she murmured

"She looks more like Sal's sister than her Mum" added Tim

"How old is she?" Joyce asked

"About thirty one or two, I think" Sally replied "and Uncle Tom looks just like Tim only more handsome."

"1911, May 24th, Empire Day, she always jokes that millions of people across the world celebrate her birthday" added her brother "That makes her thirty one.  She had us when she was sixteen. And her tits are much bigger than Sal's"

"That's next week" observed Joyce, ignoring the good-natured indirect jibes between the twins "and she's the same age as me.  What about Uncle Tom, how old is he?"

"He's the same, they're twins as well" said Tim

"What a coincidence!" said Joyce.  "I've got a smashing idea.  Why don't we invite them here next week-end, to celebrate their birthday and to let them see what sort of home you've come to?"

"You don't mean to let them come here and ... and .... find us sleeping in the same bed and washing each other in the bath, do you?"  asked Tim nervously

"Well, I could have a word with them before any of that came out, to let them know that they needn't be alarmed at being given the same bed to share, just as they do at home and that all six of us are in the same situation, or least we will all be in the same situation once you get that cock of your inside your sister's cunt, Tim."

Jack detected that his sister had already had the same idea as him.  

"You see, Tim, Joyce and I are single, sharing the same house.  It was OK when our father was alive, it was accepted that we shared the house, me to run the farm and Joyce to look after him and the house.  At night, there would always be more than one upstairs room with lights on.  At the moment, with the war on, folk are too busy looking out for themselves to worry too much about others and the blackout means that nosey people can't see that there's normally only one lit bedroom.  But the war can't go on for ever and when it's over, people could start sticking their noses in to where they're not wanted.  The same could be said for your Mum, a young widow and her bachelor brother.  Put plainly, I need a wife and Joyce needs a husband but we want to be able to go on fucking each other and other members of our family as we've always done, in addition to fucking our partners, of course.  That's why we haven't got married yet, we didn't think we'd be able to find marriage partners who would let us carry on with the family fucking.  Your Mum and her brother would be ideal - we could all live in the same house together, it's big enough and what we do inside the home would be nobody else's business.  Joyce, Sally and your Mum could be fucked by me, you or Tom whenever they wanted to, without having to worry about the possibility of other folk nosing around."

"But... but supposing ......  Who's going tell Mum that Sal and I have been fucking?  What if she blows her top at that?  Even if she accepts that, and accepts that we all know that she and Uncle Tom sleep together," Tim paused "how do you know that she will let you fuck her ......or let me .....?"

"Have confidence, Tim!" said Joyce "once she sees the possibilities and your very promising cock, I can't imagine that she would think of doing anything else.  But first things first, you and Sally have got to join the brother-sister fucking club before you progress to your mother.  Yes, just as I thought - I noticed just now that that flagpole of yours had started to wilt but with the prospect of fucking your mother before the week is out has certainly put starch back into it.  Sally, lay back, raise your knees and open your legs, you're about to be fucked for the very first time and, best of all, by your loving, caring brother.  Have you used anything on your cunt when you've played with yourself, like a candle or a carrot?"

"I .. er ..used a candle once.  It hurt for a while then it went in all right."

"So we're not likely to have any blood stains, then?"

"No, I don't think so"

"Blood?  What blood?" asked a bewildered Tim

Joyce laughed "You are a silly, Tim.  Don't you know anything?  A girl has, just inside the cunt hole, a piece of skin with a hole in it, called the hymen.  When she gets fucked for the first time, the prick tears the skin away, causing it bleed a little.  In olden days, a husband would inspect the bedsheets after the wedding night, looking for the bloodstain that would prove his wife was a virgin.  Unfortunately, many genuine virgin brides failed the test and incurred the contempt of their husbands who were too ignorant to know that the hymen could tear just as easily during activities other than fucking, like horse riding.  These days, wise men know that women also experiment with their bodies to get excitement, just as men do, yet remain virgins.  Sally has fucked herself with a candle - it's no different from you fucking your fist - her hymen has probably gone."

"I didn't feel anything there when I hand my fingers up her twat" confirmed Jack     

"Good" resumed Joyce "Now, Tim, you remember how you fucked me, make your twin's first fuck her most memorable"

Tim positioned himself between his sister's thighs and looked down at the blonde tufted pubis, the cunt lips glistening with juice.  He leant forward, supporting himself on his left hand  whilst he used his right hand to grasp his throbbing tool which he aimed directly at his sister's cunt.

As if reading his thoughts, Joyce reminded him "Don't forget to tease her cuntlips with the knob end of your prick before you go shoving it up her"

Tim nosed the tip of his cock towards the pouting lips of his twin's twat.  Because of the sparsity and lightness of her cunt hair, he could see more of his target than he could with the dark haired Joyce a few moments earlier.  

He put the tip on the upper part of the lips, near her clit, and moved it around.  Sally moaned softly and began thrusting her pelvis in his direction.   He then lowered his tool so that it was inside the outer lips of the cunt and began another circling movement with it, as though he were stirring a paint pot.  It was most certainly stirring - for his sister.  She increased the thrusting movements she was making, trying  to capture his knob end with her cunt.  As she moved towards him, he withdrew slightly, but kept stirring.

"You are going to fuck me with that, aren't you?" she pleaded.

"I'm not sure that I will" teased her brother

"You had better stop teasing me and shove that hard prick up my ooomph ....ooooh!"

Sally's mock complaining was cut short by her brother's sudden thrust of his cock into her cunthole.  Whether by luck or judgement, he was spot on target and his well oiled dick slid effortlessly into the virgin quim -  for the first inch or so.  Then it ran into the tighter vaginal walls, causing both of them to cry out, almost as if in pain.  

Sally felt the inner walls of her cunt being forced apart, her brother's prick being thicker than the candle she had used on herself.  The sensation wasn't of pain exactly but it wasn't too far away from pain.  Tim's prick had previously been in the rather spacious confines of his own hand, later in Sally's hand, Joyce's mouth, Sally's mouth and then Joyce's cunt.  In all of them the friction had been a bit loose - this was tight and clinging.  He was undecided whether the tightness was too much to bear or excruciatingly pleasant.  

Fortunately for both of them, nature took over.  Sally's pelvic thrusting before her brother's penetration of her virgin cunt had been involuntary and persisted after his tool had entered her young body.  She was now lifting her rounded arse off the bed to get herself closer to his prick.  His thrust forward into her, though controlled, was also a subconscious movement and his partial withdrawal was reversed by both his own natural desire to subject his prick to friction by his fuck movements and by his sister's natural fucking motions.  As the initial sensations of over-tightness faded, they both began to appreciate the experience.

"You're so tight, Sal!" he hissed "Your cunt is so fucking tight, I'm stuck in it, I can't get out"

Sally giggled "You'll have to keep trying to pull it out by putting it in and then trying again.  Mmmm. Just like that!  Oooh that's so good, so...oo good.  Fuck me more, harder.  I'm ..... coming. I'm coming.  Fuck me, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck," she repeated the word in time with her brother's upward push of his tool.  She then froze with her crotch hard up against her brother's pubes and began to feel the waves of orgasm pound over her as they had never done before.  As the sensation subsided, she began to spasm again.  Again she froze hard up against her fucking brother's crotch as further orgasmic waves swept over her.  

The pattern was repeated about three more times during which her only sound was a mixture of a mewing noise and a low moan of pleasure punctuated with spasmodic breathing.  After the last of these waves, she finally managed to get a coherent sentence together.

"Gosh! If that's fucking, I don't blame Mum and Uncle Tom one little bit!" she gasped "Why did it take us so long to find out how to do it?"

"Steady on! We haven't finished yet, sis.  I haven't shot my spunk yet"

She became aware that although he had eased off on the more penetrating fuck strokes, her brother's cock was still throbbing inside her saturated cunt.  

"Hmmm, come on then, let's fuck all that tasty spunk out of your balls, if there's any left after you spunked in my mouth and then in Joyce's cunt.  From what Jack and Joyce said, you flooded her cunt when she mentioned the chance of you fucking Mum.  Just think, by this time next week you will have had your prick in both your sister's cunt and your mother's cunt, you naughty bad boy!"

Sally had caught on quickly that feeding her brother's lewd thoughts did wonders for his fuck action.  The thought and then the deed of actually fucking her, his own twin sister, had enabled him to do it so soon after fucking Joyce.  Now this second incestuous thought - of fucking his mother - being put in his mind whilst he was in the very act of putting into effect the first - incestuous liaison with his twin - caused his young prick to swell within the slimy confines of his sister's twat.  She actually felt the walls of her cunt give way to her brother's pummelling cock.  It was starting to get to her, too.

"Oooh, Mum'll just love the feel of your cock inside her cunt. I bet her cunt is as juicy as Joyce's was when you had your dick up her just now.  And then you'd splash the inside of Mum's cunt with your hot spunk, so much hot lovely son spunk you won't be able to hold back.  That's it! I'm coming, too!  Harder!  Give me all that spunk, my brother's hot spunk! I can feel it, just like it was in my mouth. Uhhhhnn no don't stop fucking, keep it shooting, I'm still coming."

"Here's all of it, sis.  Just like Mum's going to get next week, all my fucking spunk up your tight fucking cunt." her brother grunted "I'm still shooting, sis, still spunking"

The older sibling couple watched with a mixture of self satisfaction and wonder.  They were obviously pleased with the way the young twins had taken to fucking - not just ordinary fucking but, more important, brother-sister fucking too - and were more than ready to embrace other incestuous combinations.  The possibility of the twin's mother and her brother joining them had also been a source of satisfaction, not just for a one-off occasion at the week end but also the prospect of marrying into the family. It would give both sets of adult siblings some semblance of respectability and at the same time, widen the family fucking circle.  

The wonder came from the staying power of the young couple. Tim was spunking profusely in his sister's cunt - they could see it was beginning to leak as his pistoning prick withdrew momentarily - only minutes after drenching Joyce's cunt and before that, giving his sister a bellyful down her throat for the first time.  Sally, though a virgin, had  come strongly when she was sucked off by her brother, then again on Jack's hand when she sucked him off and now she was writhing in multiple orgasms impaled on her brother's dick. 

Tim had finally come to rest between his sister's thighs, their mouths glued together in an instinctive passionate kiss.  When they parted for air, he rolled off her, onto his back, his dick coated thick with spunk and cunt juice and beginning to wilt at last.  Sally kept her thighs open and raised her knees with her feet flat on the bed.  Jack and Joyce could see the excess spunk oozing from the girl's now tender slit.

"That spunk leaking from your cunt is going to waste, Sally.  Do you mind if I help myself to some of it?" Joyce asked

"Mmm?  If y'want" she mumbled in reply, not really understanding the woman's question.

Joyce's tongue was at the girl's cunt in a flash, licking up the oozing liquor.  At first, she greedily lapped up that which had found its way to the outside world but when that had gone, her tongue homed in on the inner lips, seeking to draw more from within.  Her well- practised technique was like that of a humming bird drawing nectar from a beautiful flower.  She had been taught this as a girl by her mother/aunt and had since performed it regularly on her female cousins, their mothers and their daughters, drinking the spunk of her father, brother Jack, her male cousins or nephews, or possibly all of them, after the womenfolk had been well fucked.  

In a moment or two, she had reached Sally's clit and this woke the girl from her post-fuck languor.

"What are you doing there?" she asked in amazement.  This was the first time another female had touched her so intimately.

Jack lay a hand on her arm "Don't panic.  I'm sure you're going to enjoy this"

By the time Jack's words were out, his sister's tongue had successfully worked its magic on the girl's quim.  She was now rotating her crotch against the woman's drilling tongue.

"Tim, quick, get your mouth on her right tit, and I'll take the left one" Jack instructed

Tim did as bid and fastened his mouth onto his sister's right nipple and started to draw on it as Jack did the same on her other tit.  It was like putting a match to petrol.

"You ... you ... rotten ..... fuckers, this isn't fair, I'm coming again.  O my gosh - this is a big one" she gasped and reached down with both hands to open up the lips of her cunt to the woman's tongue, at the same time lifting her bum from the bed to push her cunt further onto the probing mouth. 

"Yessss!  Give me more!  Oh oh ....Ooooh!"

Sally's arse was completely clear of the bed as she peaked on this orgasm and stayed in that position, with her brother and Jack still sucking on her rock hard nipples.

Eventually, she subsided and Joyce raised her beaming fuck juice smeared face from the girl's crotch.

"Did you like that?" she asked simply but with a hint of impishness.

Sally's breathing was shallow as she recovered.  "I just hope this war lasts forever" she managed to say "I want to do this for the rest of my life"

The others laughed 

"You were amazing, sis, really amazing" said Tim, now fondling the tit he had been sucking, tweaking the rubbery nipple between his thumb and forefinger.  "I thought that when you sucked me off, that was the best thing that had ever happened to me.  When I fucked Joyce, I thought that was even better but," he turned to Joyce "I don't mean to be .... no what I mean to say is ....." he stumbled for words that wouldn't hurt the woman.

Joyce laughed in an understanding way "I know, you much preferred fucking your young virgin sister to fucking an old woman like me, that's it, isn't it?" she teased

Tim was flustered "No, I liked fucking you, Joyce, and would very much like to have another go in a few minutes when I've got it up again.  But I enjoyed fucking Sally because she is my sister, as well as being a good fuck"

"It's OK, Tim, I was only teasing.  Both Jack and I know the powerful feelings roused in incestuous fucking that makes it so thrilling.  You'll find the same thing when, I hope, you get to put that Horn of Plenty up your mother's cunt.  Talking of which, does your Uncle Tom have a telephone?"

"Yes he does.  West Kenton 473.  Mum did ask us not to ring too late in the evening but I suppose she didn't want anything to interrupt her and her brother fucking themselves silly"

"It's only nine o'clock" said Joyce "I wouldn't have thought any respectable brother and widowed sister would be in bed just yet, eh?" she grinned

"It doesn't matter too much" said Sally, "The telephone is just outside his .. their bedroom door"

"Good" decided Joyce "We'll give them a call to let them know you've arrived safely and to invite them down for the week end"

"We were going to write tomorrow" said Tim, still a little apprehensive of bringing matters into the open with his mother.

"That'll be too late.  These days the mail can take ages to get delivered" rejoined Joyce.  Naked, she got off the bed and made for the door.  "You lot coming with me?"

Joyce continued downstairs with the others following, as naked as she was.  She and Jack fixed the blackout curtains before putting the light on.  She then picked up the  handset.



Chapter 4  Planning the next Campaign

"Operator, this is Exby Wood 625. Can I make a long distance call to London, please?"

"You must be quick, Joyce, and you may be cut off.  What number do you want?"

"Is that you, Lucy?  You are a dear. It's West Kenton 473 but before you connect me, I thought I'd better let you know that on his next leave your brother and his family hope to come to stay.  Can you get news to that husband of yours to try to get the same time off so that you can all come over for one of our special family gatherings?"

"Right caller, I've noted that.  I'll see what I can do but there is a war on, you know." Cousin Lucy said loudly then added in a whisper "I'll give you a call when I've been in touch with Matt." There was a short wait whilst she routed the call through.  Then Joyce heard the ringing tone.  Once. Twice. A third time it rang.

"There's no reply" said Joyce "I'll give it a couple ..."

The receiver was picked up at the other end to a stifled female giggle "Stop it, Tom.  West Kenton 473"  The first few words were a muffled, though still audible, aside; the phone number was bracketed by the sounds of someone trying to get their breathing under control.

"Mrs North?"

"Yes, this is Sarah North.   Who's speaking?"

"It's Joyce Parker.  We haven't met.  We have Tim and Sally staying with us"

This caused a little alarm in the twins' mother "Oh! Are they all right?  Is there anything wrong, Mrs Parker?"

"It's Miss Parker, actually.  Like you, I live with my brother, on the farm, and please call me Joyce.  Everything's fine, I'm just calling to let you know they arrived safely and have settled into our routines magnificently.  I must congratulate you on such mature children, Mrs North.  There is another reason for calling, though.  I understand that it's your birthday next week, you and your brother.  We would very much like you both to come and stay with us for the week-end if that's possible, to celebrate your birthday and for you to see what sort of home the twins have come to."

"Oh.  Thank you very much.  Let me ask my brother Tom, if I can find him.  Tom!"  

Joyce smirked at the pretence of Sarah North searching for her brother and could hardly contain herself as she listened to the muffled conversation at the other end.  It was clear that Tom wasn't too happy at the prospect of a weekend without his oats and was suggesting a delaying tactic. 

"Er, Joyce? Tom's not too sure if he can get the time off."

Joyce gambled "Oh dear.  The twins were looking forward to seeing you both again.  In fact, between you and me, I think Tim misses you more than he admits.  When he described you to us, my brother Jack was almost ready to go and fetch you himself - you know how bachelors in their thirties can be!  Do try to make it - there's no problem with accommodation, from what the twins have told us, it'll be exactly as you have at home and you'll find that Jack and I are just like you two in very many ways.  There are no busybodies here to interfere and spoil your stay. Please say that you will come."

The innuendo was well targeted, Sarah could not fail to see it.

"Oh…  I see….  I think…..."  Sarah flustered, not quite knowing what and how Joyce knew.  "I see.  er ... perhaps it would be better if ....  Let me have another word with Tom, just in case." 

Joyce gave the others a thumbs up sign as she heard Sarah and her brother discuss the implications of her thinly veiled revelation.

At the impending good tidings, Jack sat himself down in a large armchair to reveal a stiff standing prick.  He then pulled Sally over to him, faced her away from him and, gripping her hips, pulled her down on to his throbbing tool which she had the presence of mind to grasp to guide into her newly breached cunt.

Once she was impaled on the cock, Jack reached round with one hand to play with her clit and used his other hand to massage her large tits.  Tim's own hard-on returned at the sight of his sister's second fuck and, being stood only feet away from her, moved forward and placed his knob in her mouth.

Joyce watched the threesome enviously as she listened to the soul-searching debate on the telephone, muffled but still audible.  Eventually, Sarah rejoined the conversation.

"Er, Joyce, I think we will be there after all.  It will be nice to see the twins and to meet you and .. er .. your brother.  When I mentioned to Tom how nice you sounded on the phone and, well, he's a bachelor, too.  He's now keen to meet you - these men!  Especially when I told him we have lots of things in common.  He says that if we have so many things in common, we'll have lots to talk over, won't we? And by the way, do call me Sarah - Mrs North is a bit too formal in the circumstances.  The twins are behaving themselves, aren't they?  "

Joyce was smiling as she replied to mother's question "Yes, why even now I can see young Sally finishing off one or two things before going to bed and Tim has got well into things too.  And please, please reassure Tom - and yourself - we are your friends.  We value our own way of life too much to spoil others' enjoyment of ... the same interests.  It would be wonderful for Jack and I to find people with the same sense of ...er.. family devotion as us."

Joyce was well aware that in wartime, not only cousin Lucy could be listening in on the line but hoped that she had said sufficient to let the twins' mother know that her and Jack were kindred spirits in the twilight world of voluntary adult incest. 

The coded message had got through

"Thank you, Joyce.  I'm sure we fully understand each other.  I suppose the twins knew but didn't know how to tell us.  I'm just a little surprised that they were so open with you so soon.  You can fill in the gaps when we meet.  Please tell them that we're not angry with them, won't you?"

"I'll do that, though Tim may want you to reassure him personally.  I can report that he and Sally now share the same interest as Jack and I and Tom and you - and since he's had his eyes opened he has certainly got one or two interesting ambitions in widening that interest!"

She heard Sarah gasp at the other end of the line "You mean that he and Sal .... and he wants to ...?  Oh dear" 

Joyce smiled at the unfinished questions "As to the first, thanks to a missed air raid warning, you've set a first rate example to follow and as to the second, why not, it's only a matter of degree once you've started."

"Mmm. I see what you mean.  I'll have to talk to Tom about this.  I'm afraid that this means that a certain skeleton will have to come out of the cupboard if he's likely to be accorded the same extension of principle."

"That sounds really wonderful, Sarah.  Already we've got so many things to talk about I wonder if there'll be any time for anything else!  By the way, I think they were so open with us for two reasons, partly because they were confused and partly because in sensing the nature of their confusion, I dragged it out of them so that our own arrangements here, like yours, could continue.  Right, I'll meet you at the station on Friday evening.  The London train gets in at eight o'clock. I've got auburn hair, by the way, to help you recognise me. From the twins' description I'll have no difficulty in recognising you two!  Don't forget this is a farm, so bring some strong shoes or boots if you can. 'Bye"

Sarah bid farewell and rang off.  As Joyce turned her attention to the fucking threesome, she mused over the phone call.  She felt one thing for certain - that the fuck session of Tom and Sarah that she had clearly interrupted would not be resumed at the same point.  The promise of the forthcoming weekend, bringing their relationship out into the open and possibly extending it with the twins would be sure to have some effect, one way or another, as a wet blanket or, more likely, provoking added excitement.  Joyce pondered on the remark about a skeleton in the cupboard; what did it have to do with Tom being included in any extension of the incest principle?  One answer sprung to mind immediately but she dismissed that possibility - that only happened in the Parker family, surely.

"OK you three, what can I do to get in on this?" she addressed the group.

"Her cunt's so tight, Joyce.  I haven't fucked one as tight as this since ... you were this age"

"Good.  That's cleared that mystery - you've got your prick stuck up her tight cunt.  I wondered why I couldn't see it laying around anywhere" she said with a hint of mock sarcasm "Sally, any pearls of wisdom from you as to how a fuck-hungry old spinster can get something out of this game you're playing? No, you can't speak with your mouth full, it's rude.  Tim, you're not doing much, just shoving your inexhaustible dick in and out of your sister's mouth, have you any ideas?"

"What about coming over here and standing so that I can play with your tits, Sal can finger your cunt and Jack can poke a finger up your bum?"

Joyce was pleasantly surprised by the boy's inventiveness.

"Well done, Tim.  Nicely thought out, especially the finger up the bum.  When we've finished this one, we're all going to bed, you two to yours and Jack and I to ours where he will fuck me in the arse before we go to sleep.  The finger up the bum will get me nicely primed"  

So saying, she moved to the suggested position.  Jack took his hand off the girl's tit, put a finger in his mouth to lubricated it with saliva then poked it up his sister's bum.  Sally brought her hand back to cup the woman's plump mound and hook a finger into the top of her slit.  Tim reached forward with one hand and took hold of one of the woman's fat juicy tits and with the other hand, reached down below the chin of his cock-sucking sister to grasp one of her tits, too.

The fuck action of the original threesome soon brought them to a climax.  Once again, Tim started to hose his sister's mouth with his hot spunk.  It looked as though he hadn't come for a fortnight, the amount of spunk he jetted down her throat.   The much thicker prick of Jack had been taking Sally towards yet another series of orgasms for the past minute or so and as her brother's hot salty juice spurted into her mouth, she spasmed into yet another orgasm.  This was too much for Jack when added to the tightness of the girl's cunt.  He gave a tremendous upward lunge with his prick as his scalding spunk geysered into the upper reaches of her cunt.

Although she greatly enjoyed the triple manual stimulation she was getting, Joyce had joined in too late to achieve any real build up by the time the spunk had started to shoot. As their individual orgasms overcame them, they involuntarily ceased their attentions to Joyce.  She, however, was too sexually experienced to be upset at this and accepted it has merely a warm up for the arse-fucking finale to come.

Tim, when he had finished his automatic post-orgasmic fuck movements in his sister's mouth, backed away from her, leaving a cobweb of spunk between his knob-end and her mouth, a come-filled mouth that was reluctant to let it go.  When the bridge of spunk collapsed into a trail between her tits, she lay back on Jack, apparently completely satisfied.

"Do you know," she said dreamily "I could go to sleep quite happily if I knew that I had a stiff hard throbbing dick stuffed up me"

"Young lady, that particular stiff hard throbbing dick stuffed up your cunt at this precise moment is probably not very stiff, hard or throbbing but it had better be by the time we get up stairs or I won't be very pleased if I have to go without my arse-fuck"

"Joyce," Tim ventured from the arm of a chair he had almost collapsed onto "can we watch Jack fuck your arsehole?  We haven't seen that done before."

Joyce was about to put her foot down and refuse but had second thoughts.  "On one condition - you promise not to attempt to bugger Sally until I say you may.  Do I have the promise of both of you?"

Joyce saw Tim's wilting cock start to rise again as he gave his solemn promise, echoed by his sister.  Joyce started to expand her thoughts a bit seeing the boy's indefatigable prick once again at full stretch.  "Sally, when we get back upstairs, will you help me lick my brother back into shape?"

"I'd love to"

Jack stirred "You'd better watch it, sis.  You both suck prick as good as you fuck it.  I could shoot off with both of you mouthing me."

He lifted Sally off him then led her by the hand upstairs.  Being the young gentleman, Tim took Joyce's hand and led her after them.

"Are you going to tell us about your call to Mum?" he asked her as they were climbing the stairs.

"There's not much to tell, really.  It was obvious that they were playing around, if not actually fucking, when the phone rang.  At first, she thought it a good idea to come but Tom didn't - I think he didn't fancy the prospect of missing a minute's sex.  I then dropped a hint about them being very much like Jack and myself and an even stronger hint about busybodies interfering.  She understood what I meant then and changed the decision back again, even before consulting Tom.  He sounded a bit put out at first but she told him that I think sounded as though we could know something about them and there could be problems.  I wasn't supposed to hear all that but she didn't keep her hand properly over the mouthpiece.  I assured her that they wouldn't get any problems from us by again hinting at our parallel activities and making it clearer that you and Sally had taken up the same interests and you had the same designs on her."

Tim gasped "What did she say to that?" he asked nervously

"I told her that she and Tom had set you a good example and, in not so many words, that there was little difference between brother-sister fucking and mother-son or father-daughter fucking."

By this time they were in the bedroom and Joyce kept a close eye on the boy's cock when she added "And she appeared to accept that that was possible, even probable."

There was a triumphant smile on her face when she note that his cock had gone from a half- hard to a stiff boner instantly on her last remark. "It looks as though we're in for a busy weekend.  Right, Sally, let's lick this spunk-shooter into shagging order"

Jack had pulled the covers of the bed down.  This was going to be their last fuck before going to sleep and it made it easier to just pull the covers back over them when they had finished and the spectators had gone to their own bed.  He lay down on what was obviously his side of the bed, though with the lower part of his body more towards the centre.  This gave room for Joyce to go to her side of the bed and for Sally to go to the other.

Once in position, both bent their heads to the man's prick and began licking the stem.  Sally had now sucked both Tim and Jack twice but she noticed that with both of them, the second sucking-off tasted different from the first.  It wasn't the taste of spunk because they had both spunked on the first times, too.  She deduced that it must be the taste of her own cunt juice on the prick that had just fucked her.  She wondered whether Joyce's cunt juice would taste the same, then she remembered what Joyce had done in cleaning up the excess spunk from her cunt after Tim had fucked her and resolved to repay her kindness.

Under the joint ministrations of his sister and the girl he had just fucked, Jack soon felt his well used tool starting to point upwards.  Joyce giggled "Whenever I see the RAF motto, I think of sucking Jack up into a stand"

"Why the RAF motto?" giggled Sally

"Per Ardua Ad Astra - by effort, to the stars.  All this man's limp dick needs is a little effort and it's shooting at the stars!"

"I thought you were going to say it's one of The Few"

Joyce laughed "It is that, too.  I've been fucked by a few pricks and that's certainly one of the few!  OK boys and girls, your final demonstration and lesson of the evening but don't forget what I said - don't try it until I say so.  Just watch and take in everything we do."

Joyce turned over so that she was laying on her side next to her brother but with her back to him.  He had turned round so that he was laying on his side, facing her back.   He reached round in front of her and started to play with her clit, causing her to start involuntary pelvic movements as though fucking.  This caused her bum to start brushing his turgid cock, stimulating him to copy the back and forth fucking motion.  Eventually, he handled his cock to bring it into contact with her slit.  He nudged it just inside the lips but only just enough to get the tip coated in cunt juice for lubrication.  When he thought that his knob- end had enough greasing, he brought it rearward, towards his main target.

Joyce instinctively reached round with her hand and pulled on the cheek of her arse, thus exposing the puckered ring of her arsehole.  It also meant that none of the lubrication on the prick was wasted on the crease of her arse on its journey from cunt to anus.  Being well practised, Jack was able to locate her arsehole with his knob-end very quickly.

"This is the critical bit" he said to the youngsters who had moved into close-up positions beneath them "The entry must be very gentle and at a pace the lady is comfortable with.  Try to get just the head in first and let her get used to that before you try to force the rest of your cock in.  By fingering her cunt, you're causing her to make fuck-like movements.  These give her pleasure which tend to off-set the initial discomfort caused by a bloated prick up her arse.  Once you're in there and she's used to it, you'll start fucking naturally.  And it's tight, much tighter than your sister's little cunt. Whatever you do, Tim, don't fuck hard at first, be guided by her."

Whilst he was speaking, he had been working the head of his dick into his sister's hungry arsehole.  She could take things a little faster.  After all, she had been buggered at least once daily since she was fourteen and was well used to it.  But she thought it better for the instruction of the twins, to be a little more patient.  It wasn't too long before the whole length of his tool was buried deep in his sister's arse.  However, before he could start fucking, she had a surprise for him.

"Tim, get that broomstick you call a prick over here"

Tim thought that she was going to suck him off or at least wank him off but instead, she commanded him to get down on his side facing her front and to get his ever-hard prick into her cunt whilst her brother buggered her bum.

The boy was amazed at the prospect of Joyce getting double-fucked.  It hadn't occurred to him that a woman could take a prick in both her cunt and bumhole at the same time yet now he could appreciate the simple logic of it.  As far as the males were concerned, they didn't get in each other's way and both of them were getting the enjoyment of fucking and Joyce was getting as much prick as she could where she enjoyed it most.

Sally was just as amazed at the spectacle.  She had her head down at thigh level where she could see all the detail of the double-fuck, from the tight grip of Joyce's arsehole around Jack's fat prick to the easier pumping of Tim's cock in and out of the woman's juicy cunt.  She took it all in, vowing that she herself would soon be on the receiving end of such a double-fuck, now with prospect of it being Uncle Tom with Jack or with Tim in addition to the Jack and Tim combination.

To Joyce, there was only one thing better than a double-fuck, the treble, with a cock in the mouth as well as one in the cunt and one in the arse.  If all went according to plan, she could look forward to one of those at the weekend when the twins' uncle came with their mother.

The independent actions of the fucking tools had the desired effect on Joyce and she started to build towards a stupendous climax.  

"Fuck my arse harder, Jack, harder, right up my arse.  I want all your spunk in  my fucking arsehole, big buggering brother.  And you, you sister- shagging spunk machine, fuck my cunt hard, just think what your going to do to your mother at the weekend.  I want you to spunk in me so much that it squirts out and covers your sister's face.  Fuck me, bugger me.  Fuck my cunt. Fuck my arse.  Spunk me, spunk, spunk aaaaah" 

Jack was well used to his sister's lewd babblings and they had much less effect on him than the tight siphoning action of her rectal muscles on his cock.  When she had the extra stimulation of a second prick, working on her cunt, he had little to do except keep his prick firmly up her arse - she did all the fucking.

"Here it comes, all up your arse" he rasped in his sister's ear.

She felt it squirt into her bowels as she peaked in her orgasm.  He must have done it thousands of times since they started fucking together but it still excited her - the initial entry through her anus, the solid throbbing prick inside her rectum and the shower of hot spunk as he finished.  Tim was another matter.  She enjoyed being fucked by him but liked to finish all her evening fuck sessions with her brother's arse fuck.  She had to get him to come immediately so as to all finish together.  She knew how.

"I'm going to take your Mum into the Ladies at the station on Friday and get her to take her knickers off before she meets you" she said in the boy's ear "so that when you meet and give her a kiss, you'll know her cunt is open and ready just for you"

She had intended to go a lot further but that was enough for Tim 

"I'll bend her over the table and fuck her cunt there and then, in front of everyone.  I'll fill her cunt right up with spunk from her son's prick.  So much spunk, hot creamy spunk in her twat." 

He then managed a couple of grunts before Joyce felt yet more of her favourite liquid jet out of the boy's dick.  She reckoned his balls must be working on overtime, the amount of spunk he had shot this evening.  

Sally watched the writhing trio subside in their activity and saw Jack's dwindling dick eventually plop out of his sister's well-fucked arsehole, pulling behind it a trail of faintly coloured spunk.  Her own brother was the last to stop his spasms but when his prick came out of its hot wet hidey hole, also trailing spunk, his was still hard and still giving little spurts of spunk from the end slit.  Remembering Joyce's advice on not wasting spunk, she secured her mouth over Tim's still tumescent tool.

Joyce was appreciative "That's a good girl.  Now take him away before he starts anything more - we have to be up early in the morning on a farm.  Take him to your bed - you can have a lie in tomorrow on your first morning after the night before but don't get too used to it!  Goodnight.  And Jack, don't forget to wash your cock -show Tim what to do"

After Jack had shown Tim his cock-washing routine with the disinfectant and soapy water rinse, Sally led her brother back to their own bedroom, holding him by the prick.  Once inside, she had to let go of his hand whilst he fixed the blackout curtain, then she turned on the light.  They stood apart facing each other, holding hands, naked on their own together for the first time that evening, for the first time in the knowledge of the pleasure their bodies could give each other.

"Tim, I'm so thrilled!  I love fucking - I could fuck all night and all day.  I'm so glad we came here, aren't you?  Did you really enjoy fucking me? And Joyce?  Who do you prefer?  No, I musn't ask that.  If it was like my experience, you and Jack were different but not .. not in a .. competitive way.  His prick is thicker but then Joyce's tits are bigger than mine. They're adults, we've still got some growing to do.  I do hope Mum and Uncle Tom go along with all this.  I know you really fancy the idea of fucking Mum - that makes me feel yummy too - but, you know, I rather like the idea of being fucked by Uncle Tom. I don't know why.  I know it's been a couple of years since we saw Dad for the last time, but somehow I can't think of him in the same way.  Maybe its because he used to fight and argue with Mum whereas Uncle Tom is kind and loving to Mum - just as a brother should be!  Maybe I fancy fucking Uncle Tom because he's tall and handsome .... and reminds me of my hunk of a brother."

Tim stepped towards her and took her in his arms.  His prick had once again hardened and it throbbed against her belly.  Their faces close together so that he was speaking directly into her mouth, he confessed "Maybe I fancy fucking Mum because she a real beauty, has well-stacked tits ... and reminds me of my beautiful twin sister."  

His mouth closed on hers and they became locked in a passionate embrace, their hands exploring the other's bodies as though they were lovers who hadn't seen each other for weeks, despite all that had happened between them in the past hour or so.  Still locked, they moved towards the bed and fell onto it.  Their mouths still locked together, their bodies began to writhe against each other.  

Up to now, the sex between them had been purely physical and functional, almost mechanical, as they learnt what goes where and who can do what to whom.  They now moved into the area that defied tuition - emotional passion.  Their writhing was not really sexual gratification but a subconscious drive to fuse two bodies into one.  Their actions were all instinctive, his chewing her ear lobe, her nuzzling into his shoulder, his fondling of her tits, her fondling of his prick and balls.  They were natural progressions,   

It wasn't long before she reached down to his throbbing tool again and to guide it to her aching slit.  With the very recent experience of her two previous fucks and the amount of spunk left inside her cunt, her brother's cock had no difficulty in sliding into her.  He began to lunge into her inside, deep inside.  She found that she could control the grip of her cunt by contracting her muscles and this heightened her sensations to the point that she started to come, violently, soaking her brother's prick in her sweet cunt juice.  She had a series of orgasms and Tim delayed his until he sensed she was peaking on her last.  With a final thrust, he shot yet another load of his spunk deep into his sister's cunt.

-oOo- 

Jack had got into bed after he had seen the twins to the door and demonstrated how he washed his dick in the disinfectant water and then the soapy water.  As he got under the covers, his sister nuzzled up to his shoulder.

"Haven't we been lucky?" she whispered "Not only do those two have the makings of some very good fucking material, they have a widowed mother for you and a handsome bachelor for me!"

"Wouldn't you mind if we were married to outsiders?" he asked her.

"Not if we could all live here and fuck anyone who wanted to fuck, regardless whether they were blood relatives"

"I must say I like the sound of this Sarah, she sounds a real cracker if young Sally is anything to go by."

"Listen, even if you do marry this Sarah and I get together with the handsome Tom, I would still expect at least one fuck per day from my dear old brother." she chided "I don't want you to neglect your family duties."

"What about this other pair we've got coming here?" her brother asked.  "Supposing we're lucky with them, too?  And suppose their father and his sister are also game, that's a spare couple."

"We'll have to cross that bridge when we get to it but I suppose we could widen our plans - you have this Sarah, I have the father of the other twins and Tom has Barker's sister.   The twins could cross-marry as well!  What a fucking family we'll be then!"

"Do you think they would agree to that? I mean, even supposing that we do get as far as marrying them, will they let us carry on fucking together?"

"I don't see why not.  They'll want to carry on fucking each other, surely."

Jack sighed.  "Let's hope so.  I enjoy fucking other cunts ..."

"Mmmm.  And not forgetting arseholes" interrupted his sister

"... but it's yours I keep coming back to, sis."






Chapter 4 - Reinforcements 

THE FOLLOWING FRIDAY  EVENING


Once again Joyce stood on the platform awaiting the arrival of the London train with anticipation.  A lot had happened since she was last there, collecting the evacuee twins Tim and Sally North.  She recalled their first evening at the farm when she and her brother had converted the young virgins' voyeuristic experience of incestuous sex into practice of the real thing.  And what students they had turned out to be!  Young Tim had a cock that just would not go down no matter how many times he came and when he came he seemed to spurt gallons of creamy spunk every time.  

After that first night, Tim had fucked both her and his sister at least three times each every evening as well as once each every morning and again once each every lunchtime.  Joyce had allowed the boy to bugger her on the second night, under expert tuition from her brother and their last fuck every night became a "double", with Joyce's cunt impaled on her brother's dick with Tim's spunk-hose up her arsehole. 

Sally had also developed from that first night deflowering.  She had become openly sexual towards both Tim and Jack,  learning from Joyce how to control and play the sexual arousal created in the males.   However, Joyce had managed to get a promise from both Sally and Tim that no matter how great the urge and curiosity, Sally's arsehole would remain virginal for the time being. 

Both Jack and then Tim had given Joyce a parting fuck before she left for the station and she prayed that the cunt-full of spunk wouldn't start to leak out just yet - she had plans for that spunk, later!   She held her thighs together and concentrated on sealing the lips of her cunt.  Just as she was winning the battle, the train steamed into the station.

Identifying Tom and Sarah was no problem at all.  They were older versions of the twins and yes, Tom was handsome; she could fall for him quite easily.  Given the nature of their telephone conversation, it was understandable that they both appeared a little anxious.  Joyce tried to put them at their ease as she introduced herself.  She had tried to dress erotically without being tarty and it appeared to succeed with Tom at least.  Once in pony and trap taxi, she explained that the driver was deaf and usually dozed off after half a mile and that once they were out of the village, they could talk reasonably freely.  

Tom had sat down opposite his sister, which pleased Joyce because it enabled her to sit down next to him, with their single suitcase in the centre.

Initially, conversation was difficult with everyone trying hard not to mention the real reason for the visit.   Eventually, though, Tom, noting that they were reaching open country and coming out of the village, could contain himself no longer.

"What exactly have the twins told you?" he ventured "I mean, about us, their mother and I?"

"Only that on one evening, when you failed to respond to the Air Raid warning, they went looking for you, found you together ...in bed ... and watched.  They've been watching ever since.  Is that possible or have they been making it up?"

Tom looked down at the floor of the trap.  "No. No, that's fairly accurate.  We didn't know they were watching, though.  I'm not quite sure what we would have done if we had discovered them.   Does ..." he hesitated briefly  ".... Does it disgust you?"

Joyce smiled.  "Not in the least!  That's what I was trying to tell you on the telephone - my brother Jack and I have been doing the same thing since we were about their age.  We found our parents in exactly the same circumstances, the only difference was that they heard us and invited us in for lessons!  And the similarities don't stop there - although I said that they were our parents, we didn't know that at the time; we thought they were just a brother and sister, just like the twins witnessed.  They told us the full story later."

Sarah relaxed quite visibly at this, especially the latter point.  "Actually, it's interesting to hear that about your parents. Being brother and sister, I mean." she paused and looked at  her brother before going on. "Do you remember me saying something about skeletons in the cupboard, when we spoke on the telephone?  Um... well, you see, Tom is the twins' father, but they don't know it."

"That's tremendous news!" Joyce enthused "And  I think they should be told straightaway.  Does anyone else know this?"

"Not anymore" replied Tom "Our father, who died about six years ago and our aunt - who was actually our mother and died ten years ago, knew but they were the only ones."

"What about your husband?" Joyce asked Sarah.

"It's a bit complicated.  You see, Tom and I have been .... doing this since we were fifteen, secretly.  We had been told that our mother had died giving birth to us and we were brought up by our maiden aunt with our father.  It seems as though all children go through a spying phase because Tom and I also used to watch our father and  his sister ...doing it.  We weren't discovered, at least not then.  We copied them, after all, if it was all right for them as brother and sister, then it was all right for us.  For over a year we were able to spend time with each other in secret.  Then one day I found that I had missed a monthly.  I was terrified, remembering what we had been told had happened to our mother at our birth.  That night, when Tom was in bed with me, I told him the news.  It cooled us down at first but then we started to ...make love."

"Whether we were just careless or not , I don't know," she continued "but with Tom naked on top of me, my bedroom door opened and in walked Dad with his sister Sybil behind.  Tom couldn't see them but he guessed from the expression on my face that something had petrified me so he stopped  ...his movements.  Much to our surprise, Dad told him to carry on and finish the job he had started.  It was then that I noticed that the pair of them were also naked.  I don't know whether we wanted to show off but we carried on, there in front of Dad and Sybil.  Watching us had an obvious effect on Dad and Sybil kept pouring herself over him, fondling him as they watched.  Eventually we finished and then Dad said it was his turn and that Tom could learn something from Sybil.  In minutes, the four of us we at it, side by side on the bed.  When we had finished that bout, I then told them about my fears over the missed monthly, especially as what had happened when our own mother in childbirth." 

" At that point," Tom interjected, "Dad gave us the second shock of the evening - he had never been married and Sybil was actually our mother.   When she had become pregnant by him, they had moved away from home to have us, with her going under a false name as his wife, and then moved to London as the newly-bereaved husband and father with sister in tow acting as nursemaid.  They reverted to brother and sister just in case any relative eventually tracked them down. She managed to allay Sarah's fears over childbirth itself but there was still the complication of impending motherhood for a young unmarried girl.  We didn't want to do the same as they had done, and move away.  Then Dad came up with a brainwave.  He knew a young orphan lad in the warehouse office where he worked who lived not too far away, with his married sister and her husband.  He had often seen Sarah, apparently, when Dad had taken her there and Dad was quite sure the lad was quite struck by her, having mentioned her to him on a number of occasions."

"Dad introduced us." Sarah went on, "Dad, Sybil and Tom went out one evening; David was invited round; I seduced him into my bed; the family returned to catch us at it and the poor blighter was trapped into marrying me.  When the twins were born, he assumed they were his.  During our brief engagement, his visits were strictly chaperoned - outwardly to protect my virtue but actually because Tom and I and Dad and Sybil were having so much fun.  When we first got married, we lived with the family until the twins were born then David managed to find us a flat.  Then we started having rows.  Sometimes he wouldn't come home for days.  I thought he had another woman somewhere - not that I would have been jealous because I made frequent trips home without him to get the sort of attention I had become used to there from Tom and Dad.  However, I found that he had merely returned to stay with his sister and her husband.   As the twins grew up, we didn't see a lot of David - between rows he spent nearly all his time at his brother-in-law's house."

"When Sybil died, Dad was heartbroken so we agreed to go and live there to look after him.  For some reason David didn't want Tom there as well so we did an exchange - we moved to the house and Tom took our flat.  That still didn't stop the rows and David's lengthy absences but at least I did my daughterly bit in comforting Dad in his loss and Tom had a valid reason for frequent visits to make sure that I wasn't lacking anything, especially after Dad died too.  When war broke out, David went into the Army and was sent to France; he didn't make it back from Dunkirk.  The twins may have told you the rest - we moved back to the flat with Tom - he has a hush-hush job with the BBC.  Why that way round, I don't know - Tom could have just as easily come back to the house."

During the few minutes of this history, Joyce had been listening with intent and increasing excitement - the young twins she and her brother had initiated into incestuous sibling practices were actually the third generation of incestuous siblings!

"Do you think your husband suspected anything?"

"Not that I'm aware of.  Even in our rows, he never made any barbed comment on his assumed parenthood, although he appeared to pay more attention to his sister's little boy and girl than the twins."

"What about further pregnancies?  How did you avoid any further mistakes with Tom, or even your father?"

"That one's  easy" chimed in Tom.  "When Sarah and David moved away at first, just after the twins were born, I caught mumps.  It appears that it's true what happens to a young man who catches it!"

"What about your father, though?"

"By coincidence, the same thing happened to him whilst Sybil was carrying us.  As far as Sybil, our mother, not getting pregnant by me before I caught mumps, we were probably just lucky."

Joyce turned back to Sarah. "You never became pregnant by your husband either?"

"No.  Strangely, although he was fairly amorous between our wedding and about midway in my pregnancy, he then seemed to cool off and never touched me again.  I often wondered what, if anything, he did for sexual relief.  I had Tom and Dad.  I sometimes feel quite sorry for him and the way he was tricked but at the time, it was our only hope."

"How well did he get on with his married sister?  Could he have been engaging in the same family fun, trying to keep it secret from you?"

"I hadn't thought of that" mused Sarah "It could explain why he didn't want Tom around me, if he was doing the same thing with his sister.  How ironically sad if the fact that he had been trying to keep it all secret had been the real cause of all our rows"

"Jack and I have been very lucky in respect of accidents - we both seem to be infertile.  I have had men who have fathered children both before and after having me and Jack has had women who have later - more than nine months later - have given birth.  I thought it was probably due to our parents being brother and sister but so were yours.  Maybe it was the slight twist in our case."  

"What was that?" asked Tom

"Well, our Dad was a lot older than his sister and it turned out that his mother had seduced him when he was thirteen and Aunt Josephine was the result.  They were not only brother and half-sister but father and daughter too, and our half-sister , too. When we discovered that, Jack went round for days with a permanent erection just knowing that when he fucked Josie, he was fucking his mother, sister and aunt all at the same time!"

"Phew!"  whistled Tom "I thought that our family history was off the tracks but yours sounds even better!"

Now that they were well out of sight of anyone else and other traffic was non-existent, Joyce moved on to her next step in breaking down any barriers.

"Actually, Tom, if you were to sit over on the other side, you'll get a much better view approaching the farm.  Not that I don't enjoy sitting close to you like this but I'm sure that the view you'll get from the other side will be well worth the effort."

Obediently, Tom rose and crossed to the other side of the trap to sit next to his sister as Joyce shuffled into the middle of the other side, with the seat all to herself.

Brother and sister strained their heads forward, looking past the dozing old man, to look out for the farm.  After a few minutes, Tom sounded a bit impatient.

"I don't seem to see this farm of yours.  Are you sure we get a good view of ........"

His question died on his lips as he turned towards Joyce.  She had put her feet up on the case in the centre of the trap but not in a closed, demure way.  Her feet were wide apart, her knees were up and her skirt had fallen exposing her thighs.  However, it was not the gleaming whiteness of her thighs that had taken Tom's power of speech from him. It was not even , in itself,  the complete absence of underclothes that exposed the auburn haired crotch in its full glory to his excited gaze.

Joyce had dropped one hand to her pubis and with two fingers, had pulled open her cunt lips from which trickled a silver stream of fresh spunk.

Joyce watched the man's trousered crotch and saw the tell-tale sign of interest - a swelling of a healthy size.  His sister, hearing the question die, turned from her lookout stance to find out why.

"Oh my!" she whispered when she saw what was attracting her brother's interest.  Her hand went instinctively to his hardening length. "Oh my!"

"I'm not sure whether that's from my brother or your son - they both had me just before I left to meet you.  It could be my brother's but then your son had me last and he's a very prolific spender, it feels like a gallon every time and I do mean every time."

Sarah's hand on the trousered length of her brother's tool started to move back and forth as they both sat transfixed by the sight of Joyce's leaking cunt.

"I seldom wear drawers" said Joyce "I much prefer the healthy flow of fresh country air.  Most fitting, that, isn't it - country  air?"  She emphasised the first syllable of country.  "Why don't you slip yours off, Sarah?  You'll find it gives you a tremendous feeling of freedom."

In a trance, Sarah reached under her clothes and slipped her knickers off, keeping her eyes fixed on the trickle of spunk oozing from Joyce's cunt, spunk that could be her own son's.

"That's better - put your feet up here and let the air flow around you.  Poor Tom, the only way he can get the same feeling is to open his flies and release his .. er .. tension.  Go on, Sarah, put the poor man out of his misery."

Still in an unthinking trance, Sarah moved her hand off the swelling lump in her brother's trousers and onto the buttons of his flies.  Expertly, she popped all the buttons open and reached in.  When her hand came out, it was holding a magnificent turgid prick.   Both Tom and Sarah kept their gaze on Joyce's cunt.

"Now it's my turn to say Oh My!" gasped Joyce, greedily sizing up Tom's dick.  "Sarah," she said thickly, "either you or I are going to have to do something about that - before we get to the farm.   If you sit on his lap, I'll be quite happy to guide it in for you."

"What?  Oh yes"  Sarah, whose had continued to wank her brother's cock having retrieved it from his trousers, mechanically rose and shuffled over to sit on his lap.

Joyce reached over and took a firm grasp of the man's prick and guided it to the lips of his sister's cunt.  Joyce noticed how wet that cunt was already and despite the prick's size, it slipped in easily.

"Ummmm" moaned Sarah "that's good.   Just sitting on it is so good."

Joyce had resumed her position on the other side of the trap  with her spunk-oozing cunt on display once more.  She put two fingers down to her hole and scooped out some of the spunk which she then licked off greedily.

"Would you like a taste, Sarah?  From its taste, I'd confirm it was your son's."

Sarah reached out with her hand but Joyce had other ideas.

"You'll get more of your son's thick cream if you lean over the case and lick it direct from the jug."

Despite having never done that to another woman before, the thought of lapping up her own son's spunk took over Sarah's self control.  She told her brother what she was about to do and he followed her.

With her head buried between the other woman's thighs she knelt over the suitcase.  Her brother knelt behind her, his hands on her hips, with his prick still lodged in her pulsing cunt, a much better position in which to control his fuck movements.

His forward thrusts pushed his sister's face further into Joyce's crotch.  For her part, she realised that Sarah was a novice at woman to woman sex.  Still, she appeared to be a quick learner, just like her young daughter, although it was probably helped by the pounding her brother was giving to her upturned arse.  Joyce remembered that young Sally was waiting eagerly at the farm - the eagerness not so much brought on by seeing her mother again but by the prospect of being fucked by her Uncle Tom.  She smiled to herself as she wondered how much more eager the girl would be if she knew that her beloved Uncle Tom was actually her natural father but if he carried on fucking his sister, he'd have no spunk left in his balls for his daughter, even if he could get a hard-on again.  She decided to bring an abrupt, though temporary, end to the delicious incestuous fucking that was beginning to shake the cart.

"Quick!" she hissed to the brother and sister, firmly pushing the latter's head from her spunky cunt.  "I thought I heard a vehicle!"

Tom quickly withdrew his prick from his sister's juicy wet twat and, despite his hardness, tried to stuff it back inside his trousers.  Sarah threw herself back on the seat, smoothing the skirt of her thin summer dress beneath her as she sat down beside her brother, her face very flushed.

Much to Joyce's amazement, from down the lane behind them came the chug of an army lorry!  Silently thanking whoever was watching over her, she nudged the sleeping driver and pointed to the approaching lorry.  He pulled the cart over to one side to let the truck pass and as it did so, the cart's passengers could see that it was an open backed Bedford with about a dozen young soldiers on board.  When they saw the women, the wolf whistles started.  Sarah was a little embarrassed but Joyce, whose back was to the overtaking lorry, turned and smiled and waved at them as the truck slowly and carefully passed them in the narrow lane.  Her smile encouraged a few ribald remarks and one young idiot stood up and started to undo his flies.  Wanting avoid further problems, Joyce quickly pointed to Tom and then held three extended fingers of her left hand to her right shoulder.  The young potential flasher's face went white as he hastily sat down and began to button up his flies.  The wolf whistling also stopped just as the truck cleared the cart and pulled away down the lane.

"What was all that pointing about?" Sarah asked

"I indicated that Tom was an officer, a captain" Joyce replied, grinning.

"Well, it certainly stopped them in their tracks" laughed Tom "but couldn't I get shot for impersonating an officer in wartime?"

"You didn't" smiled Joyce, " I implied you were.  Besides, you nearly got caught in act of incestuous fucking on the King's Highway - which would have worse consequences!"

"You're right, of course, but it was a damn good fuck, even though I didn't come" Tom agreed "What did you think of it, Sarah?  I felt you come two or three times"

Sarah's face was still red. She agreed that she had come a few times but was still on edge.

"Actually," laughed Joyce, "those soldier boys only started their ruder comments when they saw your face wet with spunk and cunt juice.  They probably caught the scent of sex!"

"Oh no!" cried Sarah, her hand clasping her face, confirming Joyce's description.

Tom started to chuckle at his sister's embarrassment.

"And have you noticed that your wet cock is still peeking out of your trousers?" Joyce added to Tom  "That probably didn't go unnoticed either"

Tom stopped his chuckling as he looked down at the shiny wet knob end of his prick still sticking out of his flies.

Then both brother and sister started laughing as they saw the funny side of the situation.

"Would you like to resume where we left off, Tom?" and then turned to Joyce "Or would you like to take over my sisterly duties, Joyce?"

"As much as I would really love to fuck right now, we're only a minute or two from the farm track, Fred's awake and at the farm, there are two hard pricks and one wet cunt eagerly awaiting these two wet cunts and one hard prick.  Before we get there, how you two feel about fucking your own son and fucking your own daughter?"

"I had hoped to be able to get this thing down sufficiently to get it back in my trousers" replied Tom, pointing to his hard cock "but the thought of sliding it into young Sal's twat has made it rock hard.  Here, feel it, both of you!"

As his sister automatically reached out to grasp her brother's rigid prick, Joyce seized the opportunity to get a hold of the man's tool for the first time.  It certainly was like steel.

"Is that because she's a young girl who will likely be both tight and supple or because she's your daughter?" asked Joyce, gripping his prick and slowly wanking it in unison with his sister.

"Bit of both, I think.  But more because she reminds me so much of Sarah at that age, when we started fucking."

"How about you, Sarah?" she said, turning to his blonde sister "How do you feel about fucking with Tim?  Having his firm young prick flooding his mother's cunt with that fresh young spunk you were feeding on a few moments ago?"

Sarah shuddered.  "I'm almost coming as it is" she gasped, "without even thinking about Tim ... er ... coming in me"

Joyce laughed.  "Don't you ever use plain language?  Obviously Tom does but you seem to fight shy of it."

"Oh she does, all right!" chipped in Tom "especially when we're fucking.  Every word you can think of in every combination."

"Yes, but I have had to be careful, especially in front of the twins and outsiders."

"Quite right" said Joyce "but whilst you're with us, promise that you will both speak frankly and plainly."

Brother and sister grunted their agreement before Sarah continued.  "I would have absolutely no qualms at all about .... fucking with Tim.  And as with Tom, I think it would have more to do with Tim reminding me of his father than him being my own son.  That fact and that he's a young man capable of fucking and spunking for a longer period than an older man are more of a bonus."

"And are either of you worried that the other is keen to fuck someone else, even if it is your own son or daughter?"

"No" said Tom "Don't forget we have experienced family fucking before.  I've watched Sarah being fucked by our father and she's watched me fucking our mother.  I can't recall either of us feeling put out, can you, Sarah?"

Sarah agreed with her brother and added "I don't think you were even upset with the idea of David fucking me, when I first got married, were you?"

"No, although I would much rather have been there with you so that you could suck my prick whilst he did!"

"Apart from your husband, have either of you fucked anyone outside your family?"

"Not me" replied Sarah "I thought I had it made with the pricks I had already at my disposal without needing to go after strangers."

Tom looked a bit sheepish. "I know this makes me sound a bit inexperienced but I've only ever fucked two women in my life, my sister and my mother."

"Well, if a man is only going to have two, his sister and mother are probably about the best he could have!" replied Joyce "but I pretty sure that within the next hour or so, that will have doubled in your case and one of them will be your daughter."

"And the other?" Tom grinned

"Well, your sister managed to suck all that spunk out of the cunt you were ogling at earlier so the only decent thing you could do would be to refill it - after you've recovered your strength and vigour from fucking your young daughter, of course."

"Won't your brother have something to say about that?" asked Sarah.

"He will have fucked me whilst you're fucking Tim and Tom's fucking Sally and when he's recovered from that, I suspect my lecherous brother will want to get to know you better - from the inside." 

Sarah looked a bit awkward - even in all the years of family fucking with her brother, father and mother, anticipatory sex had never been talked about in this very open way, and this was with a man she hadn't even met yet.  Joyce sensed this.

"If it's any consolation, before Tim came along I had been fucked by six different pricks.  All were of relatives - my father, brother, two cousins and their sons.  The same goes for Jack's experience of cunts - our mother, myself, two cousins and their daughters.  Tim and Sally were our first encounter outside the family but you two will be our first adult fuck partners from outside.  So it will be new territory for us too and I'm looking forward to having this monster prick driving up inside my cunt for the first time."

Somewhat reluctantly, Sarah helped Joyce push Tom's rock hard cock back inside his trousers and button up the fly.  Even so, it still stood firm, making his trousers tent out.

As Fred turned the cart into the farm approach track, Joyce stopped him and motioned the other two to get off the cart.  She followed and in a combination of shouting, pointing and gesturing, managed to get Fred to understand that he was to take the luggage up to the farm by the long winding track whilst his three passengers walked the direct route through the fields and thicket.




Chapter 5   Regrouping

As the pony and trap taxi set off up the track with their luggage, Joyce led her visitors to a worn path off the track through the thicket towards a copse.  Insects buzzed and birds sang.

"Isn't it wonderful here?" Sarah said to her brother "It's so peaceful you wouldn't think there's a war on."

Joyce agreed with her.  "Apart from Fred on the track and ourselves,  there's nobody else about here, we're totally on our own."

"How can you be so sure?" asked Tom

"Listen to the birds - they haven't been disturbed"

They were just about to leave the copse to enter a cornfield when Tom spied two people walking down a path at the side of the field towards them.

"You were wrong" he said to Joyce "Look, there's a couple coming down the path towards us"

Joyce looked and smiled "That's your son and daughter coming to meet you.  Let's wait here under this cover for them.  They've seen us, look they're waving."

Joyce looked towards Tom.  "In a few minutes, your young daughter will be here.  When I left to meet you, all she intended wearing for your meeting was her thin summer frock - no petticoat, no knickers and no bra.  When she gets closer and the sun shines through it, we'll be able to see if she meant it.  When you take her in your arms, you'll feel the firmness of her young ripe tits pressing into your chest and the sexual heat of her uncovered cunt pushing against that tented cock of yours."

Tom's erection strained even more against his trousers and Joyce could make out a damp patch just where his knob end pushed the material outwards.  She turned her attention to Sarah.

"I told Tim that I'll get you to take off your knickers before you get here and he said he wouldn't wear any underpants so that you will be able to feel his hard-on pressing against your cunt when he kissed you - a full kiss on the lips, using his tongue"

Without really knowing why or caring if prying eyes could see her, Sarah had begun to undo the buttons of her dress.  Joyce seized the moment.

"Quick, Tom" she hissed "Help your sister out of her clothes so that she is ready to receive her son's prick deep into her cunt"

Tom was also almost in a trance as he moved to his sister's side and started to pull her frock off her shoulders and as more buttons were undone, the whole garment slid to the grass beneath them.

"I'll help you undo her bra so that her juicy tits will be free"

In a moment, Sarah stood in the copse, naked and expectant as she watched her children running towards her.

"I think Tom also needs some help, don't you, Sarah?  After all, we would want his daughter to have to waste any precious time trying to get his clothes off him."

Tom had momentarily started to caress his sister's bared tits but then he too had started to started to unbutton his shirt after quickly shedding his jacket.  The two women moved to either side of him, although his sister's eyes were fixed on their fast approaching son and daughter.

"I'll take his shirt off, Sarah, if  you start undoing his trouser belt and then I'll join you"

Sarah was still fumbling with the belt buckle when she felt Joyce's hand.  "Just take your eyes off them for a moment whilst we get your brother ready to meet his daughter" she chided.

The belt was soon undone, followed by his flies and then his trousers dropped to the ground around his feet.  Tom stood there in his flannel underpants, the front straining away from him and with a definite wet patch at his knob end.

"These look ungainly, Tom, they'll have to come off and don't forget your socks!  Here, Sarah, you take down the front whilst I'll pull down the rear.  There, that better, your daughter will able to see what started her life."

By this time the twins were only a hundred yards away.  When they saw that their mother and her brother were both stark naked, waiting for them, they stopped and looked at each other and then at Joyce who was stood behind the naked pair grinning at the children.  

As they stopped, Tom's rigid cock gave a twitch - the sun shone from behind Sally, through her dress and he could see, even from that distance, the girl wore nothing under that frock.  Joyce had been right!

The twins resumed running towards them, if anything slightly faster than before.  Tom could see Sally's tits jumping about free under the summer frock and as they got closer, Sarah could see her son's trousers tenting out at the front.  Both had completely forgot about Joyce until she spoke.

"Don't forget, you must tell the truth about their father - before you fuck.  It will spoil it for Sally if you leave it until after you've fucked. It will be so much better for her to know it's her father fucking her."

They both nodded and by now, the twins were only yards away.  Tim had already pulled off his shirt and was trying to get his trousers off whilst running.  Sally's dress came off over her head in a short pause whilst waiting for her stumbling brother to catch up having managed to get his trousers off.  They, too, were now stark naked.

They ran straight at them, Tim to his mother, Sally to Tom and threw their arms about them in a wild embrace.  Mouths were quickly joined as their naked bodies pressed urgently against each other.  Sarah could feel her son's cock throbbing against her belly as his kiss moved expertly down her neck to her tits where his lips drew long on each erect nipple in turn.

Tom found the girl was pressing her crotch fiercely against his throbbing prick and he could feel the lustful heat of her cunt as his hands reached down behind her to grasp the rounded cheeks of her arse.  He eventually broke the kiss.

"Listen, you two," he gasped "your mother and I have something to tell you"

"You're going to ram that fat dick up my juicy cunt," panted Sally, "and fuck me until I can't...."

"No, something very important"

"You're not going to fuck me?"

"Of course I am but there's something we've got to tell you first"

"I know what it is" said Tim, lifting his face off his mother's tits "mum wants to get down on all fours so that I can fuck my cock into her juicy cunt from behind and flood it with my hot steaming spunk"

"No" laughed his mother "Well yes, but it's not that.  Yes we are bursting to fuck with you - I never thought I'd here myself saying that to my own son and daughter - but... Let's sit down just for a moment."

With noticeable reluctance, all four sank to the ground although Tim still held his mother around the shoulders and she had a firm grip on his cock.  Tom held Sally around the waist while she fondled his cock.  They had all seemed to have forgotten about Joyce.

"I'll stay up, just to keep an eye out for possible interruptions" she told them.

Tom looked across to Sarah who nodded.

"I understand that you two have been watching your mother and I in bed...."

"Fucking" interrupted the twins in unison, grinning.

"Yes, fucking.  There's a lot you have to know but at the moment all I can think of is getting my cock stuffed into Sally's cunt.  You see, she's the spitting image of your mother when she was that age and seeing naked, she reminds me even more of her because we started fucking each other when we were your age."

"Get away" breathed Tim in disbelief "Really?"

"Honestly" replied his mother "and what's more, my brother is your natural father.  I met and married Dad after I became pregnant."

The twins were silent whilst this news sunk in.  Then Sally broke the silence, speaking slowly and quietly, to nobody in particular.

"All this week, I was getting quite envious of Tim in anticipating you two coming here.  If all went well, he was going to fuck his mother.  Whilst I think you're gorgeous, Uncle Tom and was really looking forward to fucking with you, I didn't seem to have quite the same air of expectation as Tim."

But she then gave a whoop and pulled at his prick "But now I'm going to get fucked by my very own father" she cried happily "If you don't make me sprinkle my cunt juices at least a dozen times before we get up, I'll never speak to you again."  She laughed and rolled over onto her back and lifted her knees into the air, wide apart.  "Look, daddy, your daughter's steamy wet cunt is just waiting for that hard hot dick to fill it with spunk."

Tom looked at his daughter directly into her hot inviting eyes and then at her equally inviting hot wet gash before sinking onto his knees between her raised knees and guiding his cock towards its inevitable destination.

He was amazed how easily it knob slipped into her quim but given that, he was equally surprised to find how tight it was.  She started to fuck back at him even before he had time to dwell on her cunt's tightness and her movements were those of a young girl who enjoyed her fucking to the full - wholehearted yet almost innocent.

"Come on, daddy, fuck your hard prick up your daughter's sweet cunt, just like you did to your sister when you were this age.  Fill my cunt with your cock - go on, fuck me harder."

"Here it is, then, Sal, just as it was when your mother was a young girl.  She had her brother's cock up her cunt first and then her daddy's prick fucked her - just like you and Tim and now me.  We're just one big fuck-mad family.  The women cock-crazy and the men cunt-struck. You're exactly how she was - you even fuck the same as she did."

"You are going to spunk in me, aren't you?  I've come four times since your prick went in"

"Don't worry, little girl, I was stopped from emptying my balls into my sister's twat on the way here, just a few minutes ago,  so there's plenty of spunk waiting for you - when I think you're ready for it."

Joyce listened eagerly to the panted exchanges between father and daughter as they fucked and was pleased to note Tom's apparent self-control - she thought he would have shot his load within seconds of his dick piercing his daughter's quim.  She looked over at Tim and his mother.  They hadn't been idly watching their respective sister and brother fuck.  As soon as Tom and Sally had started, Tim gently pushed his mother back onto the grass and resume sucking her large fat tits.

"How do you want me to fuck you, mum?  Me on top of you, you on top of me, you on all fours and me behind?"

"Haven't you taught this boy anything about foreplay, Joyce?  All he wants to do is get that big hard prick into my cunt."

Joyce was just about to reply when Tim came back at her.

"Mum, Joyce has shown me many things that will make you climb the walls begging for a prick in your cunt but that can wait until we get indoors.  All week I've been waiting for the moment my cock slides into your twat.  In my mind I've fucked you a hundred times since Joyce made that phone call but if I don't get my knob into your cunt soon, I'll burst.  Now, how shall we fuck?"

Sarah smiled at her horny son "Just a little tease, son - I've been thinking about this too and I don't think I could wait much longer either.  Since you like sucking on my tits so much, you lie on your back and I'll sit on your cock, dangling my tits in your face."

In a flash, Tim was on his back, his turgid cock standing, straining in anticipation as his mother squatted above him then lowered her crotch towards his.  One hand reached below to grasp her son's dick and guide it to her waiting twat.  The moment had arrived when Tim thought he might shoot his spunk prematurely - the moment his knob end entered his mother's cunt.  He sighed deeply as the hot wet walls of her cunt engulfed his prick and he reached up to fondle her tits whilst she was still in an upright position.  

She slipped her knees backwards so as to lower her upper body towards his and in doing so, brought her pendulous tits within inches of her son's seeking mouth.  She felt his hot breath on her left nipple as the fingers of his right hand played with her right nipple.  His tongue snaked out to lick the distended nub of her nipple and then he drew all of it into his mouth as she ground her cunt down on his cock, giving a long moan of pleasure as she did so.

Tim started to buck his hips off the ground, pushing his prick deeper into his mother's twat.  To Joyce, the boy's animal grunts each time he fucked his prick upwards were music to her ears - this family were a match for hers any day.  

"Come on, son. Let me have all that cock I've heard so much about.  A regular spunk-fountain I hear"  Sarah hissed to her fucking son just after her third orgasm had subsided.

Tim didn't react the way she thought he might.  Instead, he reached his hand round her arse and prodded his right forefinger directly and expertly into her bumhole, as far as the second joint.

"Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeowwwww" cried Sarah at the unexpected intrusion of her son's digit in her arsehole "What are you doing?"

"Don't worry, mum, just forget about it for a moment and relax.  Keep up that fucking motion.  Yes, like that.  Oh that so good!"

Sarah had resumed her pelvic action and concentrated on the fuck movements of her cunt but gradually she became aware of the additional sensation in her arsehole.  At first it had been painful and then uncomfortable.  Now it began to become pleasant.

Tim could feel with his forefinger the pistoning of his prick through the thin membranes separating his mother's cunt and arse and began to rub his finger against his prick.  His mother's face was beginning to redden deeply and he could see by her expression and convulsive movements that she was experiencing a very deep orgasm.

"Shall I take my finger out of your arsehole, mum?"

"If you do, I'll have a knife to your fucking cock, you... you fucking ... cunt-fucking ... tit-eating ... fucking ......" the rest of her words were incoherent, apart from the repetition of fuck, cunt and cock, as she experience wave after wave of overpowering orgasm, so much so that Tim could hold back no longer.  He felt the spunk work its way up from his balls and at the moment of ejaculation, arched his back, thrusting his pelvis upwards onto the downwards push of his orgasming mother.  She felt the scalding spunk of her son splash into her upper cunt and this triggered another wave of delicious orgasms.

When that had subsided and Tim's after-spurts had died down too, he gently removed his finger from his mother's bumhole and she collapsed onto his chest.

"Did you enjoy that, mum?  As much as I did?"

Sarah lifted her face towards his and gave a weak smile.

"I'm thoroughly .... thoroughly .... f.. f…"

"Fucked out?" laughed Joyce, completing the sentence for her.

"You can say that again" sighed Sarah "I don't think I can move from here for at least a week.  Did you teach him that trick with the finger up the bum?"  

"Yes.  I'm a devotee of arse-fucking and Tim has buggered me several times and Jack always finishes me off every night with an arse-fuck."

"You mean you actually take .... a cock up your bum? I thought his finger up there was really something but surely you can't get a cock up there?" 

"With practice and the right attitude you can and believe me, it's smashing.  I take it you've never tried it?"

"No" replied Sarah "but I must admit..."

"You'd like to give it a try?" guessed Joyce

"Has Sally ...."

"No, despite both her and Tim wanting to try it.  I must own to being a little prejudiced here but my brother was the first to fuck my cunt and my father the first to fuck my arsehole.  From our telephone conversation, I half guessed what you've now confirmed, about Tom's relationship to the twins so although her brother's prick was the first to enter her cunt, I put a reservation on her arsehole for Tom to be the first to fuck.  I hope I didn't presume too much?"

"That's all right - I'm just a little disappointed that I can't match you completely.  Like you and Sal, my brother's prick was the first in my cunt but unlike you two, my father is now dead so he can't be the first up my bum." 

"You could have your son's cock first up your arse, instead."  Joyce suggested.

"That's a good idea - but not just yet, I'm too...f... f…"

"Fucked?" Joyce chuckled again "No, we only arse-fuck indoors, for hygiene reasons mainly.  The men have the facilities for washing their pricks afterwards.  Anyway, the state you're in ...."

Joyce's observations were interrupted by a stifled scream behind her as Sally experienced a massive orgasm.

"That must be number twelve, surely" gasped Tom who was still pounding his dick into his darling daughter's sopping cunt.

"Yes, yes, yeees!" Sally groaned in reply "Fill my cunt with your hot spunk NOW.  Your daughter wants you to empty your balls in her cunt.  Give it to me, harder, harder"

To match her words, she squeezed the walls of her cunt to enclose her father's prick in a vice-like grip.  It was too much for her uncle-father.  With a shout, he spewed forth his load of spunk into her waiting twat.

"Oooh - I can feel that spunk shooting inside me  It's ....coming again! I'm coming again... fuck me, keep fucking me ohhhhhh!"

Fortunately, such was the strength of his ejaculation that Tom carried his fucking movements involuntarily, just long enough for Sally to get over this additional orgasm.  When both their movements had subsided, Tom opened his eyes and looked at his daughter.  She was smiling and crying at the same time.

"Thank you, daddy, thank you, thank you" she sobbed.

Tom knew better than to ask the cause of her crying.  He just gently kissed her eyes, eased his deflating prick from her cunt and rolled onto his back, bring her with him so as to lay across his chest where he continued to cuddle her.

"With all this hullabaloo going on, it would lower the cows' milk yield - if there were any grazing around here, that is"

The new male voice caused all but Joyce to start up.  Tim and Sally recognised it immediately as Jack's and realised that Joyce must have seen him coming but had not said anything that might have disturbed the fucking.

"Tom and Sarah, this is my brother Jack.  Actually he's been stood just over there for some time, watching this family orgy so it's no wonder his prick is in that state"  Joyce said, pointing to her brother's proudly standing cock.  It came as no surprise to her that her voyeur brother had also undressed before emerging from his observation point.

Tom and Sally made to get up and greet him properly but Jack signalled to them to remain where they were.

"Watching all that fucking has reminded me that this cock of mine hasn't been inside a cunt for .... at least two hours and I'm beginning to feel left out.  Aren't you out of your clothes yet, sister dear?"

Actually, Joyce was already down to her bra when Tim jumped up from beside his mother and reached over to unhook the garment and release her superb tits.  He was just about to resume his position beside his naked mother when Joyce had an idea.

"Sarah, do you remember in the cart on the way here, whilst your brother fucked you, you licked up your son's spunk from my cunt?  We could switch that around - whilst my brother fucks me, I could lick your son's spunk from your cunt!  Tim, you stand up to keep watch."

"I thought I detected Joyce's cunt juice when I kissed you" Tim said to his mother as Joyce positioned herself on all fours between Sarah's parted thighs.  As Joyce's tongue snaked out to brush with the blonde mother's twat, Jack knelt behind her and guided his knob into his sister's overheated cunt.  As he thrust further in, it forced her tongue further into Sarah's cunt.

Although Joyce always enjoyed a fuck from her brother, she could afford to let her mind wander a bit with this one. She could pay attention to her cunt- licking, to instruct Sarah tacitly in the art. She seemed to be having some success on this score - she could feel Sarah writhe and she also detected the taste of additional cunt juice mingling in with Tim's spunk.   She could think ahead to her next fuck.  

Now that all had presented their incestuous credentials - she had seen Tom fuck both his sister and his daughter and Sarah fuck with both her brother and her son and they were now seeing her brother fuck her - they could get on with one of the main purposes of bring the Norths to the farm.  Her next fuck would be with Tom whilst her brother fucks Sarah, the long-term aim being the mutual benefit of a socially acceptable facade of marriage whilst enabling all existing incestuous relationships to continue.  She had liked the way Tom had fucked both his sister and his daughter; she hoped he could maintain his standards.

It wasn't long before Joyce could feel the build of an orgasm but, as much as she enjoyed the fuck, she thought it about time this phase of the plan came to an end.  In her practised way, she brought on her orgasm and managed to get her brother to release his spunk too, although much to her surprise, before the spunking started, he pulled his prick from her cunt and quickly scrambled over her back to present his cock to Sarah's lips.  Without thinking about it, Sarah just opened her mouth and accepted the stranger's cock at the exact moment his spunk shot out.  She gobbled on it greedily, as though she hadn't eaten for a week until eventually, the cock emerged from her lips, leaving a bridge of silvery spunk between cock head and lips. 

Joyce was pleased that Jack wasn't going to leave all the evaluating to her and wondered what he though about the other couple's performances.

Joyce started to get up "Time to get dressed and get up to the farm for some supper.  I'm f… f…."

"Fucked?" suggested Sarah

"No, famished!" laughed Joyce.


oOo


As the six of them started to make their way to the farmhouse, Joyce craftily sidled alongside Tom.

"As soon as we get in, Tom, promise you'll fuck me over the kitchen table?"

Tom chuckled and put his hand down to the cheek of her arse.  He could feel that she had simply slipped her thin frock over her naked body, as had his sister and daughter.  He let his hand rove over her arse and into the crease, making Joyce gasp and mew with anticipated pleasure.

"Have you any preference, over the kitchen table?" he asked her "I mean, do you want to lie back on the table and have me stand between your open thighs whilst I fuck my cock up that juicy cunt you've been teasing me with all afternoon or would you prefer to be face down and have me fuck your twat from behind?"

"As long as your prick is fucking me deep, I couldn't care what position I'm in" she laughed.

"Leave some room on that table" Jack called after them.  He had paused to walk with Sarah.  Although she had put on only her thin summer frock, she had more underclothes to gather up and carry than either her daughter and Joyce who had both come prepared for their al fresco fucking.  "I don't think we'll be able to stand by idly whilst you two fuck yourselves silly on the kitchen table, do you Sarah?  I'm sure we'll just have to fuck along side you."  He started to squeeze Sarah's hand as if asking for confirmation of his proposed fucking and to his delight, she squeezed his hand by way of an answer.

"If you four are going straight on the kitchen table when you get back, there'll be no room for Sal and I to fuck." complained Tim. " Come on, Sal, we'll race back ahead of them and start fucking.  With a little bit of luck, I'll have spunked a couple of times before they get there!"

The four adults laughed and watched them run off towards the farm.  As she ran, Sally's frock billowed up around her bare arse which sent Tom's pulse racing as he was reminded of the suggestion that he, the girl's natural father, should be the first to fuck her between those girlish bumcheeks, into her virgin arsehole.  His cock started to harden again as he contemplated the prospect promised for that evening. At Joyce's suggestion, he hadn't bothered putting his underpants back on which meant that his hard-on was beginning to tent his trousers.

"If that's for me, see if you can keep it up until we get back" whispered Joyce "but it's probably the thought of dipping your dick into your darling daughter's delightful derriere that's caused this!"  She reached down and gave his prick a tweak through his trousers.

"How did....?" his half question, half protestation died on his lips as he looked at Joyce to see that she was more amused by his embarrassment than upset that his attention had wandered to his daughter's bouncing arse.

"That's easy" she laughed.  She still had her hand on his straining cock through the material of his trousers " I can tell by this unruly beast in here that you are, in fact, totally male.  I know that Sally is totally female AND your daughter through an incestuous relationship with your sister AND you've just fucked her for the first time AND tonight you will be the first to bugger her.  I think that it would reasonable to assume that having seen her bare bum flashed at you, the prospect of where your prick is going to find itself later this evening would be enough to give any man the horn!"

"I'm sorry" he mumbled "It's most inconsiderate of me, especially as we were talking about us fucking."

"Does that mean you're not going to fuck me over the kitchen table?"  Joyce managed to sound as though she believed that.

"Of course I ....."

"Tom - I'm not jealous!  I have a cunt, an arse and a mouth.  I love prick.  I love prick in my cunt, in my arse and in my mouth and preferably in all three at the same time.  One of the golden rules about family fucking is there is no room for jealousy.  Jack has watched me with prick in all three.  He has fucked other female members of our family whilst I've watched.  I know he his very worked up at the thought of fucking your sister.  I must not get jealous when he does fuck Sarah, just as I don't when he's fucked Sally or anyone else nor must he when I fuck - we accept that.  There is a real possibility that Jack could propose to Sarah.  If they do get engaged, I certainly don't envisage Jack neglecting me, Sally or any other female member of the family."

Tom hadn't thought about any long term arrangements but with the prospect of romances blossoming out of all this incestuous sex, he had to give some consideration to what Joyce was saying.

"Do you think …. I mean, if your brother and my sister were to get together, he would mind me fucking her occasionally?"

"Would he mind?!!" exclaimed Joyce "I'd cut his balls off if he showed even the slightest attempt to keep your sister's delightful cunt from anyone else, especially her brother or son.  Or even her sister-in-law!"



Chapter 6	Reconnaisance

Monday evening found Tom walking down a leafy suburban street, a piece of paper with a name and address on it in his hand.  Suddenly he was feeling lonely, regretting that he had left Sarah at the farm when he returned to London on the Sunday evening.  The birthday celebration had gone well, turning as it did into an Engagement Party for Sarah and Jack.  Both events had been used to indulge in wild extravagancies of sexual combinations made even more exciting by the fact that the six of them were three sets of brother-sister pairs, Jack and Joyce, Tim and Sally and Sarah and himself. Yes, he had been the first to bugger his young daughter and she took to it like the proverbial duck to water.  Tim and then Jack had been quick to follow his opening up of Sally's arsehole.  All three females in turn had all three pricks in them simultaneously, something that neither his sister or their daughter had  experienced before.

Before he left the farm late on Sunday afternoon, Joyce had given him the name and address of the other set of evacuee twins due at the farm. Everyone agreed that it would be just as well if Tom could meet them and assess whether it would be wise if they turned up at the farm.  After all, if they didn't look as though the new twins could be brought into the incestuous activities, they could pose a threat to what was already going on there.

............chap 6 to be continued.



Chapters 6-10 have already been planned out and are 'under construction' but if anyone has any comments or suggestions in keeping with the thread of the plot and the period of its setting, please feel free to post to the author via Mr D.



--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....