                          Home Discipline

The lights of the valley were spread below them, like white jewels on
a black velvet background.  The beauty of view was invisible to Anne
and Jeff because the windows of the car they were sitting in were
fogged up and they had thoughts only for each other.  Anne's blouse
was unbuttoned, her bra was unhooked in the front and her skirt was
pushed up around her waist.  She and Jeff were kissing deeply, their
tongues moving in and out of each others mouths.  Anne moaned softly
as Jeff caressed her vulva through the thin wet lace of her panties.
She felt like she might catch fire from the lust Jeff aroused in her.
As she moved to slip her panties off, she glanced down at her watch.
  "Oh my God, Jeff, its already an hour after I promised my parents I
would be home.  We've got to leave, now!"
  Instead of taking her panties off, Anne moved away from Jeff and
started to franticly button up her blouse.
  "Ok, Anne, we'll leave", Jeff said, rather petulantly.  "May be
your parents have already gone to bed and they won't notice that
you came home late."
  "I hope so.  I came home late last time we went out and I got quite
a lecture.  If I get caught being late again, I will be in real trouble."
  They spent the half an hour it took Jeff to drive Anne home in
silence, as Anne brooded about the possible consequences of breaking
her promise to her parents to be home by 1:00 AM.  Anne was feeling
angry.  It was not fair that she would be the only one to get into
trouble for her tardiness.  Jeff's parents let him stay out as late as
he wanted.
  When they pulled up to her house, she kissed Jeff lightly on the
lips and hurried out of the car.  The porch light was on and she let
herself quitely in and shut the door.  As she headed up the stairs to
her bedroom, she heard her mother call her name.  Anne's mother was
standing at the door of the study, dimly illuminated by the light
behind her.
  "Oh, Mommy, I didn't think that you would still be awake", she said
lightly.
  "No, I'm sure you didn't", her mother replied sternly.  "Come in here,
young lady.  We need to talk."
  Anne walked down the few steps she had climbed in her flight to
her bedroom and walked reluctantly into the study.  She went with some
trepidation.  The study had been the site of numerous parental
scoldings and, on occasion, spankings.  As her mother shut the door
behind her, she thought, "Uh oh, I'm really going to get yelled
at this time."  Anne tried to adopt a repentant look.
  "Why were you so late?  I am very disappointed in you, especially
after your promised to be home by 1:00 just a few days ago.", her
mother said.
  "I'm sorry Mommy, we just lost track of the time.  I won't let it
happen again."
  "You acted very irresponsibly.  You are a young woman now, not a
little girl and I expect you to keep your promises.  Since you are
acting so irresponsibly, I am going to have to ground you for the next
week."
  "Oh no, please don't Mommy", Anne wailed.  "There is a dance this
weekend, and I just have to go."
  "You should have thought of that earlier and kept your promise,
young lady."
  "You can't do this to me!", Anne cried, stamping her foot and
sticking out her lower lip.  "All my friends will be at the dance and
I have a new dress.  I just have to go!"
  "I though that it might come to this.  You are acting like a spoiled
brat and I will not put up with it."
  "I am not a spoiled brat", Anne loudly retorted.
  "I've had enough out of you, young lady!  I can see that words are
having no effect."  Anne's mother grabbed the girl by the wrist and
pulled her over to the couch.  She sat down, pulling Anne across her
lap.  As Anne fell across her mother's lap, she caught sight of a
ruler, lying on the coffee table in front of the couch.  Anne kicked
and struggled, but her mother held her firmly, pinning her right arm
behind her back.
  "Since you are acting like a naughty brat, Anne, so you are going
to get treated like one".
  Anne felt her skirt being raised.  When her panties were pulled
down she renewed her struggles.  It was just too humiliating.  She was
going to get a bare bottom spanking.  
  Although Anne thought that she was too old for such treatment,
spankings were not unfamiliar.  Anne had always had a head strong,
bratty, streak and her mother did not hesitate to spank her when she
felt it necessary.  When Anne was little, she had been spanked with
her mother's hand.  As she got older, spankings became more
infrequent, but also more severe and she was spanked with a ruler.
Since she had been in high school, she had only been spanked a few
times, but on those occasions, part of her punishment had been given
with a school cane.
  Anne felt the sting of her mother's palm as it landed against the
bare right cheek of her bottom.  Her mother alternated cheeks, angrily
spanking Anne, hard and fast.  The slaps rang out in the closed
room, along with Anne's cries.  Finally the stinging slaps stopped
raining down.  For a moment Anne thought that her mother would let
her up, but then she saw her reach over to the coffee table and pick
up the ruler.
  Anne squirmed more, pressing her thighs together.  
  "No, no, please Mommy, I'll be good!  Don't spank me more!"
  "You should have thought about being good earlier, young lady.  You
deserve a long, hard, spanking and that is what you will get."
  Anne felt the ruler come down sharply across her cheeks, and she
started crying again.  In the six months that had passed since
Anne's last spanking, she had forgotten how much it hurt and how the
strokes of the ruler stung.  As she lay across her mothers lap,
squirming as she was punished, she pressed her thighs together and
started to get excited, without really being aware of it.  She and
Jeff had been kissing and petting for a couple of hours.  Anne was
still aroused when she got home.  The firey pain of her punishment
seemed to enflame her lust, as well as her bottom.  When her mother
finally stopped spanking her with the ruler, Anne lay across her
lap, breathlessly crying.
  She felt the slap of her mother's palm on her bottom.
  "Up you go, young lady."
  Still crying, Anne stood up.  Her mother got up from the couch and
placed a straight backed chair in the middle of the room.
  "Take off your skirt and blouse and kneel in the chair", her mother
ordered.
  "Please, Mommy, I've learned my lesson.  I won't be late again.
Please don't spank me more.  I promise I'll be good."
  "Undress and kneel on the chair!  Now!"
  Anne, bowing to the inevitable obeyed, hoping that obedience would
minimize any further punishment.  She knelt in the chair, as her
mother ordered, in her bra and panties, which were bunched down around
her thighs.  She leaned her upper body against the back of the chair
forming her body into a vee, with her crimson bottom at its apex.
  Anne watched fearfully as her mother opened the closet door and
took down a school punishment cane that was hanging on a hook from a
leather thong.  Anne started sobbing softly, promising her mother
that she would never misbehave again, if only her mother would not
spank her with the cane.  Her pleas were to no avail.  Her mother
crossed the room and stood behind her.  Anne flinched as she heard
the cane cut the air, but it came lightly across her cheeks as her
mother took a few practice swings.  The light touch of the cane
brought both fear and a strange excitement, which she did not
understand.
  Anne felt the cane again, feather light.  It drew away and then
swished through the air, comming down hard across her buttocks.
Anne cried out, her body quivering under the stroke.  There was a
swish and another stroke landed, this time on the soft skin where her
bottom joined her thigh.  Her mother administered the strokes slowly,
allowing the burning from the last stroke to fade, before
administering the next.  The anticipation, as she waited for the next
stroke, made the punishment even worse.  She bucked and cried under the
strokes, but she did not dare try to move her bare cheeks from the
cane's path.  Anne knew that this would only result in additional
punishment.  Finally, when the sobbing girls bottom and upper thighs
where lined with welts, the caning stopped.  Anne lay draped over
the chair, crying, while her mother comforted her, petting her hair.
Finally she was able to get up, somewhat stiffly.
  "I hope that you have learned your lesson, young lady", her mother
said sternly.
  "Yes Ma'am, I've learned my lesson.  I'm sorry I was bad.  I will
not be late again."
  "Good.  Now, off to bed"
  Anne gingerly pulled her panties up, gathered her cloths and went
up stairs to her bedroom.  As she was changing into her nightie, she
looked at her bottom in the mirror.  Her cheeks were blushed crimson,
beneath the deeper red of the welts left by the cane.  She knew that
it would hurt to sit down the next day.  As she rubbed her sore swolen
buttocks, she started to have the strange hot aroused feeling again.
The spanking her mother had given her was the hardest she had ever
gotten and she certainly had not enjoyed it.  But it had been
strangely arousing too.  She lay in bed that night on her stomach, her
bottom sore from her punishment.  Her hands were under her, caressing
her vulva and her clitoris.  As her excitement mounted she thought
about kneeling in the chair again, waiting for the first stroke of the
cane.  But in her fantasy, it was not her mother that held the cane,
but her boyfriend, Jeff.  Although the caning had been very painful
and she would have promised anything at the time to end her
punishment, the thought of Jeff giving her a caning was very exciting
now.  She imagined herself quivering and crying under his strokes as
he punished her.  Although the caning hurt, she raised her bottom,
giving herself to him for punishment.  As she masturbated, she
imagined that after Jeff had caned her soundly, he took her from
behind, while she was still sobbing from her spanking and she
brought herself to orgasm.


