Archive-name: 3plus/home.txt
Archive-author: unknown
Archive-title: Coming Home


     I came in the house through the garage door. I was early, about 
a day early. I was just about to call out, announcing my arrival home, 
when I heard a sound that caused me to pause. 
     I had been out of town on business but the offers made were
unacceptable and I didn't need that kind of business anyway. They said 
their position was absolutely non-negotiable, but in the two days of 
meetings they had changed their position so many times it was apparent 
the whole deal was a wash. So I returned to my hotel room, packed my 
small bag and made for the airport and the return trip home. 
     On the two-hour flight home I fantasized about being in my
beautiful wife's arms. She was awesome. She stood five feet four inches 
and weighed in at one-hundred-and-one pounds. Her face was gorgeous. 
She had big brown eyes and a small nose. Her lips were full and her 
complexion reflected her Asian ancestry. Her breasts were magnificent, 
full and pert. She always said they were small, but they weren't. They 
were almost perfectly proportioned to her size, maybe even too large for 
her small frame. They were firm with gorgeous brown nipples as big as 
the tip of my pinky finger. Her stomach was extremely flat, rippled with 
the musculature of her abdomen with absolutely no fat. She exercised 
religiously to maintain her figure. Her ass was awesome in both its 
tininess and shape. She could make her ass as hard as rocks when she 
flexed the muscles in her buttocks. She could hold a tooth pick between 
her cheeks so tightly that you could not pull it out. She kept her 
already sparse pubic hair trimmed close, affording a wonderful view of 
and easy access to her womanhood. Her legs were shapely and thin. In my 
fantasy we were in bed, naked, making love. She lay below me with her 
legs spread wide as I slowly stroked my big cock deep into her dripping 
pussy... 
     I listened with my head cocked to one side.
The sound was altogether too familiar and was coming from the far side 
of the house where the bedrooms were located. The sound was rhythmic, 
punctuated occasionally by a low mewling, moaning. I silently moved 
through the kitchen and dining room into the hall leading to the three 
bedrooms. My blood pressure was rising, my heart pounding, as I crept 
down to the end of the hall. 
     The sounds were emanating from the spare bedroom. I could hear 
the steady creak of the bed and a female moaning in obvious pleasure. 
Who could be having sex in our spare room? 
     The bedroom was to the right, down a short hall past the second 
bath. I crouched down low and crawled around the corner. On my hands and 
knees I crawled up to the bedroom door, keeping my body as close to the 
far wall as possible. I peered around the corner into the spare bedroom. 
     They were on the bed, naked, making love. My wife was on her 
back, her legs spread wide, thighs bent to her chest and held by the man on 
top of her. Her head was turning side to side, eyes pressed shut in 
ecstasy as she moaned in pleasure. Her boss, Jim, was leaning forward 
over her, propping himself up with his arms, driving his thick cock deep 
into her juicy pussy. Her legs were around the outside of his upper arms 
toward his shoulders, her pussy was wet and wide open, as he fucked her 
hard and fast with his big tool. 
     It took my breath away, seeing my wife fucked good, really good, 
by another man. All at once I was pissed off and turned on and was at a 
loss as to what to do. 
     I stayed there, watching in awe, as Jim pounded his big cock 
into Leigh's dripping pussy. His cock was long and hard as he drove his 
thick member deep into her, thrusting himself into her cunt, burying his 
cock to the hilt. Her wetness glistened on his thick shaft as he stroked 
it in and out of her pussy. His cock was big. It was very thick and 
probably ten inches long. From my position I could see Jim's cock 
stretching Leigh's pussy as he entered her. Over and over he fucked his 
big cock deep into my wife, thrusting deep and pumping, pumping, giving 
her every inch of his great length and thickness. 
     Leigh enthusiastically received his huge penis into her, taking 
his cock deep into her cunt, moving with him, returning his thrusts, 
joyously working her pussy onto his big hard cock. She was loving it, 
her pussy was gushing her wetness as that mammoth cock filled her cunt 
again and again, opening her wide and filling her beyond belief,
penetrating so very deep. 
     Leigh liked her sex hard. She liked to be fucked hard with a 
stiff, hard cock and I could tell she was getting just what she liked. 
     Leigh was panting and gasping, her juice running from her pussy, 
down the crack of her ass. She was humping and bucking against Jim, 
taking his huge cock deep within her to the depths of her womanhood, 
grinding on his great manhood and crying out her pleasure as he thrust 
deeply into her. 
     I was hypnotized by the sight of Jim's huge cock invading
Leigh's pussy. The sight of him plunging his thick member deep into my 
wife's cunt, stretching her, filling her to capacity -- then withdrawing, 
wet with her juices, only to plunge again, driving deep into her excited 
pussy. Again and again Jim thrust his fat cock into her as Leigh
wantonly spread herself for him, taking his ten inches of thick-veined 
manhood deep within her hot little cunt. 
     I was getting excited watching my wife being fucked like this. 
They had been at it for fifteen minutes and my cock was now rock hard as 
I watched my wife fuck Jim's huge thick dick with wild abandon. 
     Leigh was in ecstasy, approaching orgasm, thrashing her head 
from side to side, her thick black hair flying. Her body was damp from 
the perspiration of her passion as she thrust her hips, taking Jim's 
length deep within her. Her pussy was sloppy wet, gushing her wetness 
and making slurpy, sucking, gushy wet sounds as Jim pistoned his raging 
penis deep into her. She cried out, "Oh, yes! Oh, yes! Oohh, yes! Don't 
stop! Don't stop! I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum! I'm goingg too 
cummmm!" 
     Jim continued to drive his cock hard and deep into Leigh's pussy 
as she began to cum. She was delirious, yelling out, "Ohhh Yess! Ohhh 
God Yesss! Ahh! Ahhhh! Yes! Ohhhhuuunngghhhhh! Ohh Yes! Yes! Yes! Fuck 
me! Fuck me!" Jim was relentlessly driving his massive cock deep into 
Leigh's ravaged pussy, pumping, pounding his hard, thick manhood into 
her throbbing cunt. Leigh was endlessly cumming, yelling, crying out, 
thrashing, frantically thrusting her hips as over and over again Jim 
drove his huge penis to the depths of her cunt, causing wave after 
crashing wave of orgasm. Leigh was making guttural animal sounds as Jim 
held her by the hips, fucking his entire length and girth deep into her 
soaking pussy. Leigh was having multiple orgasms, her pussy was
throbbing, contracting, sucking, milking Jim's huge penis as he fucked 
her. Leigh was continuously moaning, throwing her head from side to side, 
delirious with orgasm as for several minutes Jim continued to pound his 
big cock into her. 
     As I watched my wife get her brains fucked out I was amazed at 
the intensity of her orgasms. She was cumming and cumming and screaming 
for Jim to fuck her harder and deeper. I was amazed at how her pussy 
stretched to accommodate Jim's huge cock, accepting it, swallowing it 
completely, surrounding it, taking that amazing length and width deep 
within her tight folds. Their pelvic areas were drenched with the 
wetness flowing from Leigh's pussy. I was in awe as Jim kept driving his 
huge penis deep into my wife's pussy, over and over, thrusting, driving, 
pounding, causing her to scream as she climaxed again and again. Her 
cunt was throbbing and quaking, gushing her wetness as Jim's massive 
cock pistoned deep into her over and over, causing her to experience 
multiple, shattering orgasms. 
     Soon Jim slowed his pace until he was languidly stroking his 
still hard and bulging member in and out of Leigh's soaked and ravaged 
pussy as she came down from her orgasms. Leigh was as limp as a rag doll 
and her breathing came in ragged, panting gasps. She was still moaning 
as the last of her orgasms ebbed from her body. Jim then slowly slid his 
cock very deep and completely into Leigh's cunt, causing her to moan 
loudly in pleasure. In that position, pelvis to pelvis with his ten 
thick inches of hard cock buried completely within her, Jim reached his 
right arm under her and around her waist, lifting her and holding her as 
he rolled over onto his back. 
     Leigh was now laying full length on top of Jim with his big cock 
still penetrating deep into her pussy. Leigh pushed herself up to a 
sitting position, leaning slightly forward, propping herself up with her 
hands on Jim's chest. Leigh tilted her head back and cried out in 
pleasure as she leaned back and sank farther down onto Jim's massive 
penis, her small body quaking in orgasm, her tight pussy clenching and 
contracting around the stiff manhood filling her so completely. 
     After her orgasm subsided, slowly, she began to ride him,
raising slightly off his huge erection, then sinking back down upon it, 
taking him deep into her cunt, grinding down onto him, milking his 
marvelous penis. 
     "Oooh, yes," she cooed, "Your cock is so fucking big! Oh it's 
so...good!" Leigh was moaning quietly with her head thrown back as she 
gently rode his monster cock. She would raise slightly, an inch of his 
thick member withdrawing from her slick pussy, then she would grind down 
hard upon him, exulting in the depth to which he penetrated her, moaning 
from the exquisite pleasure his huge cock gave her. For a long time she 
rode him like that, being fucked and fucking so deeply and completely it 
was incredible.
     As I watched my wife ride Jim's cock I had taken my erect cock 
out of my pants and had begun stroking it. Seeing my wife so wanton, so 
intoxicated by sex, so taken over by lust and animal passion had me 
turned on like I had never been turned on before. 
     Leigh's pace began to increase. Her strokes were still short, 
but now faster, more insistent. 
     Jim was reaching up, squeezing Leigh's firm tits in his hands, 
his fingers pinching her erect nipples as he thrust his cock deep up 
into her wet pussy while she ground down upon him. 
     Leigh's juices were flowing from her cunt in a torrent. She was 
leaning forward, pressing her tits into Jim's hands, moaning
continuously as she rode Jim's raging cock. "Oh yes! Oh God yes! Oh yes, 
yes, yes! I want to feel you cum! I want you to cum in me! Oh, yes, fill 
me with your cock, fill me with your cum!" Leigh was panting as her 
strokes became longer and longer until finally a full six inches of hard 
thick cock was pummeling in and out of her drenched cunt as she rode it 
with wild abandon. 
     Jim was ramming his huge erection hard up into Leigh's cunt as 
she slammed down upon him, his cock driving, pounding, deep into her 
tight pussy. His toes were beginning to curl as Leigh furiously rode his 
mammoth cock.
     Leigh's cunt was gushing, slurping and farting as Jim's giant 
rod rammed into her again and again. She was bouncing on top of his big 
cock now from the force of his thrusts, crying out "Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!" 
every time he rammed his ten inches home. She was a wild woman. She 
couldn't get enough of his big cock as he pounded it into her. Suddenly 
Leigh stiffened and shouted as she orgasmed, then she screamed in a 
shattering climax as Jim's huge penis erupted within her, exploding, 
throbbing, jerking and pulsing, loosing a geyser of his hot sperm deep 
into cunt, splashing his hot cum inside her, spraying his seed to the 
very depths of her pussy. Her cunt was throbbing, pulsing contracting 
and clenching around Jim's cock as he filled her with his sperm. His 
ejaculation was gargantuan, his huge cock spasming, jerking, throbbing, 
pumping torrents of cum into her cunt. For more than a minute he
continued to cum, pumping jet after jet of hot sperm into Leigh, sending 
her into orgasm as each spurt of his cum erupted into her already cum-
drenched pussy. 
     Soon they slowed and finally stopped, Leigh again laying upon 
Jim's chest. Come was oozing out of her cunt all around Jim's cock, down 
the sides of her legs, running down his cock. Both their crotches were 
soaked in cum. Leigh began to move off Jim, raising up off his semi-
erect cock. As his cock withdrew from her cunt, great wads of cum flowed 
from her, it was running down her legs, dripping onto the bed and onto 
Jim. Just as Leigh disengaged from Jim's cock and flopped onto her back 
with a heavy sigh, I felt a hand placed on my back... 
     HOLY SHIT! 
     I almost hit the ceiling when I felt someone touch me. I whipped 
my head around to see who the hell it was. I was ready to yell something 
at them, they had given me such a scare, but when I turned I saw Amanda, 
Jim's wife, standing there holding her finger to her lips shushing me. 
     She was five feet ten inches of woman. Her hair was long, fiery 
red and flowing. Her face was gorgeous, her features seemed to have 
been sculpted with exquisite care. Her nose was small, her nostrils 
flaring. Her eyes were a scintillating shade of green and her full lips 
were red and pouty. Her skin was fair, not a blemish to be seen. Her 
breasts were magnificent to behold. They were very large and full. They 
did not sag at all but were firm and upstanding. Her body was magic, 
with all the right curves in all the right places. And her legs -- Her 
legs were very long and slender, the shape and musculature of her calves 
was superb. Her thighs were trim and where they joined her crotch they 
were separated by a wondrous gap within which her pussy resided. I had 
never seen her naked, but in a bathing suit she was a sight to behold. 
Her ass, perched atop her slender legs, was as firm and tight as an ass 
could be. Right now she was wearing a very tight pink dress that came 
down to just below her crotch and it appeared she was wearing little 
else. 
     I quietly backed up from where I had been watching Jim and Leigh 
and stood up. Amanda grabbed me by the front of my shirt and with her 
finger still pressed to her lips pulled me toward the master bedroom. 
     When she got me into the bedroom Amanda said, "Well, isn't this 
a nice surprise?" and kissed me hard on the mouth, her tongue darting 
into my mouth, fluttering and dancing with my own. 
     I didn't know whether she meant a nice surprise for her or for 
me. I returned her kiss, responding with a pent up passion. 
     Amanda broke the kiss and looked down at me. The front of my 
shirt was untucked and my belt and pants still undone, my semi-erect 
cock waving in the air. I had been jacking off while watching Jim screw 
my wife and hadn't done anything about it. 
     Reaching up she started to take my tie off, pulling one side 
from the knot, then pulling it from around my neck. She asked, "So you 
like to watch your wife get fucked? Hmmm? Did you like to watch Jim pump 
his big, fat cock into your little wife? I bet you did! By the sounds of 
it, she liked his big cock alright!" 
     I didn't say anything. I knew that it had turned me on no end 
to watch Leigh being screwed by Jim, but I hadn't really analyzed my 
thoughts on how I felt about it.
     Amanda continued to remove my clothes and talk to me. She had 
removed my shirt and undershirt and had slipped her hands into the 
waistband of my underpants, pushing them and my pants down. I kicked off 
my shoes as she nibbled her way down my bare chest slowly removing my 
pants as she went. 
     "How did you like seeing your wife cumming all over another man's 
cock?" she asked between nips. "Hmm? What do you think of her pussy 
being filled with his cock, filled with his cum! Does it turn you on? It 
turns me on!" 
     I thought about it a second and said, "Yeah, it turns me on!" I 
had a giant erection by this time. Between watching my wife get
thoroughly banged, Amanda slowly undressing me and talking about her 
husband fucking my wife, I was extremely excited -- more excited than I 
have ever been. 
     Amanda just laughed. "I thought so," she replied. She had pushed 
my pants and underpants down to my ankles. She was on her knees and I 
lifted each leg in turn, letting her slide the clothes completely off, 
taking my socks with them. "Ooh, this is exciting," she said as she 
grasped my hard cock in her hands. "Jim has wanted to fuck your little 
Leigh for some time," she stated as she began to stroke my immense 
hard-on while looking up at me with those beautiful green eyes. "Do you 
want to fuck me?" she asked, still stroking my erection, looking up at 
me from her knees. 
     "Yes, I want to fuck you!" I said. "I've wanted to fuck you
since the day we met!"
     "If I let you fuck me, will you do what I say? Will you do
everything I tell you?"
     "Yes," I groaned as she continued to masturbate my engorged
penis.
     "Good -- I've often wanted you," she said as she lowered her 
head and slipped her soft full lips over the head of my cock. 
     Her mouth was hot. It was delicious. Amanda grasped my cock
around the base with one hand, gently milking. Her other hand gently 
pulled and squeezed my balls as she fluttered her tongue over the head 
of my cock and applied a little suction with her mouth. She began to 
move her mouth on my rigid cock, bobbing her head forward and back. Soon 
she was stroking my whole eight inches with her lips and mouth, taking 
me deep into her throat as she continued to jack my cock and squeeze and 
tug on my balls. 
     "Oh, yeah!" I moaned. I was already close to exploding after 
watching my wife get so thoroughly fucked that my cock was drooling with 
precum. I was rock hard. I reached out and placed my hands on Amanda's 
head, curling my fingers in her luxurious hair as I pumped my hips, 
fucking my cock deeper into her hot, wet mouth. 
     Amanda released her grip from around the base of my cock,
letting me fuck her mouth, moving her head in rhythm with my hip
thrusts. My cock was sliding smoothly between her lips, her tongue 
lapping the underside of my swollen member as it drove deep into her 
mouth.
     After several strokes I was ready to cum. I could feel the
tension starting in my balls, the pressure building, my cock swelling, 
becoming harder until I couldn't hold it back anymore. With a loud groan 
I let go, my cum exploding from my cock in a torrent. Amanda started to 
grunt and coo as she swallowed spurt after spurt of my semen. I felt as 
though I was ejaculating lava. My cum was hot, leaving a burning, 
tingling sensation in its wake as it erupted from my twitching member. 
There was so much of it I was surprised. I had been without for several 
days, and my excitement at the current events was helping to fuel my 
orgasm. I looked down, watching as Amanda continued to stroke her mouth 
on my cock, swallowing my cum as it burst from my penis. Some of my 
juice oozed from the corner of her mouth and down her chin as she sucked 
my hard, throbbing cock.
     Amanda had sucked me dry, milking the last of my cum from my 
cock with her hands and mouth. She stood up, smacking her lips. "Ummm, I 
like that!" she said, wiping cum from her chin with her finger. She put 
her finger to my mouth, saying, "Now you can do me." I opened my mouth 
and sucked on her finger, cleaning my cum from it as she stroked it, 
fucking my mouth with her finger. 
     She pulled her finger from my mouth and turned toward the bed, 
pulling her pink dress off over her head as she did so. She wore nothing 
underneath her dress. Amanda crawled on her hands and knees onto the 
bed, waving her fabulous ass as she went. She went to the middle of the 
bed and stopped. She pulled a pillow to herself, hugging it as she held 
ass up in the air, offering it to me. 
     The rear view of her ass and cunt was magnificent. Her tight, 
puckered, brown asshole winking at me and her pink cunt lips, parted 
like petals of a flower dappled in dew, surrounded by a halo of her red 
pubic hair was incredible. 
     I followed her to the bed. Moving up behind her I kissed the 
bottom of her left foot, tickling her a little with my tongue, causing 
her to jerk a little. Then I kissed the bottom of her right foot, again 
tickling her, then kissing and licking her ankle. I moved to her
opposite ankle and up her firm, curvaceous calf, licking and kissing, 
switching from one to the other, moving up and up, licking the inside of 
her thighs, kissing the backs of her legs until I was kissing, licking 
and nipping her tight ass cheeks. 
     Amanda was squirming, pushing her ass back, panting and quietly 
moaning. She was saying almost in a whisper, "Oooh, yesss, eat me, eat 
my pussy, eat my asshole!" 
     The musky odor of her cunt was becoming more powerful as her 
juices began to flow. I couldn't wait, I just had to taste her. I 
extended my tongue. Burying my nose in her crack I licked the full 
length of her hot, wet gash. Her pussy juice was nectar. I licked her 
again, this time delving my tongue deep between her folds. I sunk my 
tongue as deep as it would go and flickered it, letting my tongue dart 
quickly in and out. 
     As I tongued her cunt from the rear, Amanda raised her ass and 
spread her legs wider, trying to give me better access to her honey pot. 
I licked and tongue-fucked her pussy for several minutes, relishing the 
taste of her wetness and the delicate, hot, wet velvet feel of her 
vagina. I then moved up and ran my tongue over her little brown hole. 
Amanda let out a low groan and pressed back as I ran my tongue in little 
circles around her asshole. I stiffened my tongue and pressed it
directly on her hole. I felt her sphincter relax and wiggled my tongue, 
gaining slight entry. I continued to rim Amanda's asshole for a couple 
of minutes, licking, then sucking, then pressing my tongue into her 
asshole, going a little deeper each time as she moaned and squirmed at 
my attentions. 
     Amanda then pulled her ass away from me and rolled over onto her 
back, spreading her legs wide. I was now looking down at her magnificent 
pussy spread before me. She kept her fiery red pubic hair well trimmed, 
her soft pink lips were coated with her wetness and they were slightly 
parted, showing her inner folds. I bent and licked the outer lips of her 
pussy, stopping to pay special attention to the swollen bud of her clit, 
fluttering the tip of my tongue over it in small circles. Then, with a 
stiffened tongue, I plunged deep into her cunt, tasting her nectar. 
     Amanda held my head, pushing my face into her crotch and gasping 
as my tongue went deep into her pussy. I explored the inner depths of 
her womanhood with my tongue, alternately making wide circles, caressing 
the inside of her vagina, then fluttering my tongue, then licking and 
sucking her cunt. She thrust her hips up, her legs spread wide, her 
pussy grinding onto my mouth. She was gasping and panting as she ground 
her pussy onto my mouth while I frantically licked and sucked her. 
     I alternated between sucking on her clit and plunging my tongue 
deep into her pussy for a long time. As I sucked on her hard, erect 
clitoris I let my tongue play upon it, causing Amanda to squirm and moan 
in pleasure. As I ate Amanda's delicious pussy, my hands roamed her 
body, caressing the flatness of her stomach, the firm swell of her 
breasts, pinching her hard erect nipples and returning to her pussy to 
hold her lips spread wide to give my tongue total access or to let my 
fingers sink deep into her cunt, probing and thrusting, then moving to 
finger her tight asshole before continuing their journey around Amanda's 
body. I continued to let my tongue delve deep into her pussy, flickering 
rapidly, caressing her inner womanhood. When I withdrew my tongue I 
would curl it just a bit so as to capture as much of her wetness as 
possible and bring it into my mouth to savor as I began to suck on her 
clit again. 
     I could feel the tension building in Amanda's body as she neared 
orgasm. Her cries and moans became louder and I felt the outer muscles 
of her vagina constrict. She was holding my head tightly. Her hips were 
rapidly, forcefully humping and thrusting her soaking wet pussy upon my 
mouth. As I was sucking on her clitoris Amanda began to moan louder, 
"Mmmmm, UUmmmmm, MMmmmmm, Ooohhh, Yes, Oh God, Oh yes I'm going to cum! 
I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum!" 
     I felt her pussy begin to convulse and she was bucking fiercely. 
I held tight to her legs so I could continue eating her pussy and taste 
the juice that was gushing from her as she rocked her hips up and down. 
I thrust my tongue deep into her pussy then sucked her clitoris, rapidly 
alternating as Amanda bucked wildly, crying out her pleasure. Amanda's 
love juice flowed and she was moaning loudly, pressing my face into her 
cunt as I continued to lick and suck her pussy. Gradually, her orgasm 
subsided and she settled down and began to push me away from her saying, 
"No more, No more, it's too much, No more..." 
     I ignored her for a moment, relishing the results of her orgasm 
and continuing to ditty her clitty and delve my tongue deep into her 
gently throbbing cunt as she tried to push me away. 
     Finally, smiling from ear to ear, I drew my head away, my face 
coated with her wetness. 
     "My God," Amanda said, breathing heavily. "That was incredible!" 
     "Natural ability," I said, extending my tongue, curling it down, 
easily touching my chin. I then stuck it straight out then curled it up, 
touching the bridge of my nose. 
     My cock was rock hard and standing tall. Amanda looked at my 
rigid member hungrily. "I want you to fuck me. Fuck me with your cock 
now, fuck me any way you want."
     Amanda was splayed out on the bed, her legs open, her silky red 
hair spread over the pillows. I moved up between her legs, causing her 
to spread them wider as I moved on top of her. With my arms straight, I 
held myself above her, watching her face and leaning down to suck each 
nipple in turn as I rubbed the underside of my hard cock up and down her 
wet pussy. 
     Amanda ground herself upon me from below as she squeezed and 
kneaded her tits, holding them up, making them easier to reach with my 
mouth. I changed my angle of attack and my bulbous cock head was in her 
pussy. 
     I watched her expression as I smoothly thrust my thick cock into 
her. She was very wet, enabling me to penetrate to the maximum. My 
entire cock was sheathed in her tight pussy with one thrust. Amanda 
gasped as I thrust deep into her. She immediately began to move her 
hips, thrusting and grinding against me as I held my cock buried within 
her. The feel of her working her pussy on my cock was amazing. I could 
feel her cervix bumping the top of my cock and I was amazed at how tight 
she was. 
     My cock felt as hard as a bar of iron, completely engorged,
thick, heavy and full. I pulled back, withdrawing almost my entire 
length, then slowly slipped back deep into Amanda's tight, hot pussy. 
     Amanda accepted my cock into her, taking me deep, grinding her 
cunt onto my rigid cock. It was fantastic, the soft, wet slippery-smooth 
feeling of her pussy wrapping, surrounding, caressing my cock as I 
pushed it into her. 
     When I had penetrated her completely, my cock totally within 
her, I held myself there and Amanda worked her cunt onto me, pushing and 
grinding, pulling on my ass, trying to take me as deep as possible. 
     Again I slowly withdrew, this time my cock completely
withdrawing from her hungry pussy, causing Amanda to whine. 
     I entered her again, very slowly, enjoying the feel of her pussy 
lips on my cock head, and then the feel of her velvet smooth tightness 
as I drove slowly deeper into her. I was in ecstasy, feeling her warm 
pussy engulf my thickness, swallowing it, enveloping it, coating it with 
her love juices. 
     Again I pushed my cock into her to the hilt, pausing deep within 
her, pushing and grinding to gain every millimeter of depth as Amanda 
moaned in pleasure, grinding and thrusting back. 
     I began to fuck her with my fat cock, taking long, slow strokes, 
withdrawing until nothing but the head of my penis remained, then 
plunging back into her, my cock driving deep, opening her wide,
penetrating to the depths of her womanhood until I was completely 
buried, then withdrawing only to plunge again. 
     Amanda matched my strokes, returning my thrusts with thrusts, my 
pushes with pushes and grinding her pelvis into mine as I became buried 
to the hilt in her gushing cunt. 
     Again and again I slowly stroked my hard cock into her wet
pussy. She was softly moaning, squeezing my ass and lightly scratching 
my back as I fucked her deep and slow. Her pussy was becoming drenched, 
her wetness flowing freely, coating my thick cock and both our pubic 
areas. 
     I lowered myself onto my elbows and continued to fuck her like 
this for about ten minutes, thrusting and grinding, humping and fucking, 
slow and delicious. It was magic, my cock was so hard, it felt as if it 
were a granite pillar, and her cunt was tight, hot and wet. 
     Our pace began to pick up, our thrusts becoming quicker and
harder. Amanda was grunting each time I thrust my cock into her, "Unggh 
Yes!, Oh!, Hungh Yes!...harder! Ungh -- harder!" 
     Soon I was rapidly thrusting my rigid cock into Amanda's wide-
open pussy. Her cunt was gushing with her wetness, slurping and farting 
as I pumped my raging hard cock into her again and again and again. 
     Amanda was breathing hard and gasping, humping and bucking,
thrusting her hips as over and over and over I withdrew my long, hard 
cock, coated and slick with her wetness, and plunged it back into her 
sloppy wet pussy, slamming hard and deep, both of us grunting and 
moaning loudly, exulting in the depth of penetration and the exquisite 
friction as my thick cock advanced and retreated in the depths of her 
tight, hot womanhood. 
     Amanda was frantic as she approached orgasm, her nails digging 
into my back, her head thrashing side to side, she was returning my 
thrusts, pumping her hips up as I pounded my cock into her. She was wet 
with perspiration, moaning and shouting, "Ohhh Yes! Yes! Fuck me! Ohhh, 
ooohhhnnngg, fuck me hard! Harder! Don't stop! Don't stop -- Yes! Yes! 
Ooohhh!...Fuck me!" 
     I could feel her inner vagina expand and her outer vagina
contracting around my cock as she got closer to cumming. Her wetness was 
pouring from her, drenching our pelvic areas, filling the room with the 
smell of sex. 
     I was fucking her hard, rapidly, forcefully driving my cock into 
her over and over. Her body tensed and she yelled as she began to 
orgasm. "Aaahhh! Aaahhhh! Ahhhh! Ohhhh, I'm commmminnnnggg! I'mm
Cooommmingggg! Yeennnnngggghhhh! Unnnngggghhh! Ahhhh! Ahhh! Ahh!
Yessss!...I'm commmminnnggg!" 
     I continued to piledrive my hard cock into her throbbing pussy 
as she came. Her body shook and she was pulling on my ass, pulling me 
deeper into her as she came and came. Her pussy was heaving and
contracting, milking my cock, but I wasn't ready. 
     I kept up my pace, plunging, plunging, driving my thick member 
hard and deep into her cunt. Her orgasmic juices flowed from her in a 
torrent, her words were unintelligible animal sounds, her pussy,
throbbing, contracting, milking me, was slick and drenched from her 
orgasms and was making gushing, farting, slurping sounds as over and 
over, I drove my long, hard cock to the depths of her while she wantonly 
heaved and bucked in orgasm underneath me. 
     Her orgasms seemed to go on and on as I continued to fuck my 
cock in and out of her ravaged cunt. After several minutes I tired and 
slowed, sliding my still hard cock languidly in and out of her as 
she came down. Her breathing was ragged and she was quietly moaning as I 
gently stroked my cock in her wet pussy. 
     I was still on top of her, the perspiration from our bodies
mingling as we continued to make love slowly and deeply. I leaned down 
and sucked on her nipples again making Amanda moan. "I want you to cum," 
she said as I flicked my tongue across her erect nipple. 
     "Turn over," I responded as I withdrew my cock from her cunt. I 
backed up and got up on my knees as Amanda rolled over onto her stomach, 
sticking her ass in the air. 
     I pulled up on her hips and she raised to a hands and knees
position with her legs spread wide. I moved up behind her, between her 
legs. I placed the head of my cock at Amanda's wet cunt hole and slowly 
pushed it in to the hilt. Pulling her by the hips, I ground myself as 
far into her as I could as Amanda moaned and laid her head down upon her 
arms. 
     Still holding her by the hips I stroked my cock in and out of 
her for several minutes. I pulled out of her cunt and rubbed the head of 
my cock on her tight brown asshole. Her pussy was so wet, her juice had 
run down the crack of her ass and her back door was already lubricated. 
     With a slight push the head of my cock disappeared into her
asshole. Amanda gasped and moaned as I entered her asshole. It was very 
tight. I held myself there before penetrating further, feeling Amanda's 
sphincter relax as I gently, minutely moved in and out of her back door. 
     Soon she was pushing back onto me and I knew she was ready. My 
cock was still lubricated with her pussy juice and as I pushed forward, 
my thick cock easily penetrated deep into Amanda's ass. By the time my 
cock was completely buried in Amanda's asshole she was moaning again, 
"OOhhhh yess! Ohh yess!" over and over again. 
     Gently I started to stroke my cock in her tight asshole, moving 
an inch or two in and out. Amanda became excited very fast, reaching 
with one hand to finger her cunt and rub her clitoris as my strokes 
became longer and harder. I could feel it with my cock as she deeply 
fingered herself with two fingers, stroking them in and out of her 
pussy, pushing them against the thin membrane to put pressure on my cock 
as I fucked her deeply in the ass. 
     I looked over to mirror on the dresser and had an excellent side 
view of Amanda and I fucking on the bed. The sight of my raging cock 
slipping in and out of her asshole turned me on. I was driving my cock 
deep into her ass, holding her by the hips, driving with long hard 
strokes. 
     The combination of the tightness of her asshole and her stroking 
my cock through her pussy was really getting me close to cumming. My cock 
was very hard and felt about to burst. Amanda was loudly moaning and 
panting, meeting my thrusts and grunting as I bottomed out in her 
asshole. 
     I looked again to the mirror to watch myself butt-fucking Amanda 
and was surprised to see Mark and Leigh in the doorway watching. They 
must have noted the look of surprise on my face because at once they 
both smiled. 
     Leigh's eyes were the size of dinner plates as she watched me 
ass-fuck Amanda. Anal sex was one thing that Leigh said she preferred 
not to participate in. I was too far gone to stop and the fact that I 
now had an audience seemed to excite me even more. 
     My penis was dribbling lots of precum into Amanda's ass,
providing good lubrication as I rapidly pounded into her. 
     Mark moved over to the bed, climbing in front of Amanda, holding 
his semi-erect cock out to her. She pulled her hand from her cunt to 
grab his cock and guide it to her mouth. She swallowed him to the root 
and he began to slide his cock in and out of her mouth. His cock was 
soon swelled to ten full, thick inches as he became completely hard. 
Amanda was well practiced with Mark's cock and easily swallowed him 
whole, deepthroating him as I continued to ravage her asshole. 
     Not to be left alone, Leigh stepped up to the bed and gave me a 
long hard kiss, her tongue darting deep into my mouth as she caressed 
Amanda's back. Leigh broke the kiss, enabling her to lean down and 
finger Amanda's cunt. I could feel Leigh enter her with first two, then 
three fingers. When she felt my cock through the thin membrane
separating Amanda's cunt from her anal passage, she also pressed against 
it, stroking my cock through Amanda's cunt. 
     Leigh was bending over to finger Amanda's pussy, so I reached 
out and inserted two fingers into her cum-slicked slit and began
stroking them in her cunt. 
     Amanda was moaning and grunting around Mark's big cock in her 
mouth, gyrating her hips as I cock-fucked her ass and Leigh finger-
fucked her cunt. She was quickly approaching orgasm, as was I. 
     I looked up at Mark as he pumped his mammoth dick into Amanda's 
mouth and noted that he was watching the whole scene in the bureau 
mirror. I looked over at the scene in the mirror. It was an awesome view 
to see myself fucking Amanda up the ass and fingering Leigh as Leigh was 
finger-fucking Amanda's cunt and Amanda was sucking Mark's big, fat 
cock. 
     I was on the edge of orgasm and I could tell by the look of it 
that Mark was close as well. Leigh's pussy was getting wetter and wetter 
as I dipped my fingers deep then ran them in tiny circles around her 
clit. 
     Suddenly Amanda let out a loud groan as she started to cum. I 
could feel her asshole clenching and contracting around my cock, causing 
me to explode inside her, ejaculating my seed deep into her bowels. 
     Leigh felt my cock throbbing deep in Amanda's asshole and pushed 
back onto my fingers, I stroked them once, twice and she began to cum. 
Watching this, Mark let out a groan and began to cum in Amanda's mouth 
as she sucked and jacked his great cock. 
     My orgasm was tremendous. My cock was endlessly throbbing and 
pumping, shooting load after load of cum into Amanda's asshole until it 
was leaking out and running down her legs. Her asshole was throbbing and 
contracting, milking my cock as she came. 
     Leigh's pussy was dripping wet as she ground upon my fingers, 
orgasmic waves of pleasure causing her legs to shake and become weak. 
     Amanda swallowed the first two or three shots of cum from Mark's 
huge cock, then pulled him from her mouth and kissed the tip of his 
throbbing, cumming cock. His cum splashed on her lips and face as it 
erupted from his penis. Amanda was moaning and licking her lips as she 
rubbed Mark's still squirting cock on her face. When Mark's orgasm 
subsided Amanda swallowed his big cock again, cleaning his cum from it, 
then she pulled it out. She began to wipe the cum from her face with his 
penis, then sucked the cum off his penis. 
     I held my cock deep in Amanda's ass as my orgasm subsided. I 
removed my fingers from Leigh's cunt as I pulled my now-softening cock 
from Amanda's asshole. My cock was covered in cum and it was oozing from 
Amanda's asshole. Leigh immediately climbed onto the bed and began to 
suck and lick the cum from my cock. When she had cleaned my cock
completely, she turned and began to lick and suck the cum from in and 
around Amanda's asshole, causing Amanda to give a heavy sigh of
satisfaction. When Leigh had finished cleaning Amanda's asshole she came 
to me, kissed me hard with cum on her lips and face and more on her 
tongue as she darted it into my mouth. 
     I kissed and licked the cum from her face and tasted what was in 
her mouth as she kissed me. She drew back and whispered to me, "I want 
you to fuck me like that! I want you to fuck me in the ass!" She then 
started kissing my neck and moving lower she kissed and nibbled my 
chest, then my stomach, until she reached my cock. 
     My cock had been on the way down until Leigh had said she wanted 
me to fuck her in the ass; now it was standing at half-mast as Leigh, on 
all fours, took my cock in her mouth. I immediately began to get hard 
again. 
     Amanda had collapsed onto the bed and rolled over onto her back 
and was now watching as Leigh ravenously sucked my cock. Mark was 
kneeling behind Leigh stroking his cock as he watched her suck me. It 
seemed as though his cock never went down. Mark moved up behind Leigh 
and between her legs and put his big cock up to her cunt. 
     Amanda reached out and helped guide him into her. As Mark
pressed forward Leigh pressed back and Mark's huge cock sank deep into 
Leigh's tight little pussy. 
     Mark began to stroke his big meat in and out of Leigh's cunt 
while she was on all fours sucking my cock. After several minutes Leigh 
was moaning heavily around my fat cock. She pulled her mouth off my 
erect penis and still breathing heavily, disengaged from Mark. 
     Leigh turned around and told Mark to lay down on his back, which 
he did. Leigh then mounted him, taking his giant cock up into her wet 
pussy. Letting out a deep sigh of contentment, she slipped down onto 
him, his entire length and thickness buried in her juicy cunt. 
     She leaned forward and lay full length upon him. I had a closeup 
view of Mark's mammoth cock filling my wife, stretching her cunt open, 
filling her completely. 
     Amanda moved over and began to rim Leigh's asshole, first
licking, then sucking her little brown opening, causing Leigh to squirm 
with delight, moving and grinding on Mark's cock penetrating to the hilt 
from beneath her. 
     I was on my knees between their spread legs watching as Amanda 
began pressing her tongue into Leigh's asshole, gaining slight entry. 
For several minutes Amanda rimmed Leigh's asshole, making her shiver and 
squirm and providing good lubrication for what was to come. Then Amanda 
backed off, and it was my turn. 
     I was very excited, my cock rock-hard as I moved up into a good 
position to enter Leigh. As I was getting in position Amanda leaned 
forward, grasped my erection and took my entire length into her mouth, 
sliding it in and out several times and thoroughly coating it with her 
saliva. When she let my stiff rod pop out of her mouth, I was definitely 
ready. I put my cock against Leigh's asshole and pressed. 
     With a little pressure my cock head entered her tight little 
asshole. Leigh cried out in pleasure and pain as my fat purple cock head 
invaded her virgin ass. 
     She was much tighter than Amanda had been, but that could be due 
to Leigh already having Mark's big thick cock fully sunk into her hot 
little pussy. I pressed forward, my cock sinking deeper and deeper into 
Leigh's asshole. Leigh was constantly moaning as I entered her. 
     I continued pushing until my cock was completely buried to the 
hilt in her tiny asshole. I could feel Mark's cock filling Leigh's pussy 
as I entered her. 
     When I bottomed out in Leigh's ass, she was filled with ten
inches of prime thick penis in her cunt and another eight in her
asshole. With eighteen inches of hard cock in her, Leigh began to 
shudder in orgasm, her pussy throbbing on Mark's big cock and her ass 
clenching and contracting on mine as she came. 
     Mark said, "Fuck her ass and I'll be still," so I started to 
gently stroke my cock in and out of her ass. Leigh had not stopped 
cumming yet and shook with another orgasm as I began to move inside her. 
As I butt-fucked Leigh with smooth short strokes, I could feel my cock 
rubbing the underside of Mark's cock through that thin membrane, and the 
feeling was exquisite. I knew Mark enjoyed it as well, hearing him groan 
in pleasure each time my cock moved against his. 
     Leigh was constantly moaning, gasping and panting, cumming in 
multiple orgasms. 
     My strokes were becoming longer now, withdrawing four or five 
inches before plunging back into her. 
     Mark began to move with me. Each time I plunged my thick cock 
into Leigh's virgin ass he withdrew from her cunt, when I withdrew from 
her tight asshole he would pound his huge cock deep into her pussy. Over 
and over we pounded our cocks into her, alternately filling her asshole 
or her cunt. 
     Again and again I rapidly drove deep into Leigh's tight asshole, 
withdrawing to allow Mark to plunge into her wet pussy. For a long 
while, we filled Leigh over and over with thick, hard cock until she was 
delirious with orgasm. 
     Amanda was beside us, frantically masturbating, as Mark and I 
gangbanged Leigh. We had increased our thrusts to a pounding pace. My 
precum was flowing like a river from my cock, providing tons of
lubrication as I pounded into Leigh's constantly throbbing and clenching 
asshole. Her cunt was gushing with wetness and I could hear gushing, 
slurping, sucking, fucking sounds as Mark's cock pistoned over and over 
to the depths of her cunt. 
     Leigh had been cumming for more than ten minutes while we fucked 
her and when my cock exploded deep in the recesses of her asshole at the 
same time Mark plunged his giant cock deep into her cunt and exploded, 
filling her with his hot sperm, she was screaming and moaning,
thrashing, humping and bucking trying to take us both deeper as she 
experienced continuous orgasms. Both our cocks shuddered in orgasm, 
pumping a flood of semen into her.
     The feel of Mark's big cock throbbing against mine as he filled 
Leigh's cunt with his sperm was awesome and the thought of him cumming 
deep in Leigh's cunt extended my orgasm and I wanted to make him feel 
the same. 
     I began to thrust my cock into Leigh's dripping ass again, my 
cock sliding smoothly into her cum-lubricated orifice, at once filling 
her and massaging Mark's cock as he came deep in her cunt. Mark groaned 
and thrust his fat cock deep into Leigh's pussy as my movements and hers 
milked him of the last of his orgasm. 
     Finally I stopped moving and we all lay still. Leigh was dazed, 
eyes closed, breathing deep, gasping lightly. Her ass and pussy were 
still softly, gently throbbing on our cocks as they slowly faded within 
her. 
     After several minutes we disengaged, letting Leigh lay on the 
bed between us. 

--
