This story is for those 21 years of age and older.  It is meant for an
audience that enjoys Mother/son relationships.  If that is not your
interest then be forwarned.  This is pure fantasy that I find in the
dark inner corners of my mind.  Please read if you like that type of
fantasy.  If you  enjoy drop me a line at: mouse@azstarnet.com


        "Billy, when you put your books up you go into the family room and sit
down in the easy chair.  You and I need to have a discussion and clear
the air about something. Now."   Mom said  as I walked ito the house.
I had just gotten out of school and was suppose to go over next door
to cut their lawn.  I put my books up and walked back down into the
family room.  My mind wondering just what I had done wrong now.  I
just couldn't thing of anything that would have her this upset.

        As mom walked into the room I noticed that she on her big bathrobe,
this was usually an indicator that wh would be gone for the evening.
Mom walked past me, not saying anything, when she was behind me she
started to speak.  "Don't turn around, you just face that wall in
front of you and give me straight answers, I have never known you to
lie to me yet, but this time your answers had better be the truth."

        Feeling a cold sweat breakout on my forehead, I just couldn't figure
out what I had done. 

         "I have never lied to you Mom, and I never will, no matter what you
ask me, I'll only give you the truth. Mom what have I done to upset
you?"

        "Oh, god Billy, " Mom graoned,  " When your father walked out of our
lives 8 years ago, I was determined to raise you right.  Now I have
never asked for anything for myself in return.  But now I need some
truthful answers and you had better give them to me."

        I just sat there, totally confused. Then mom asked me the question
that really made my blood run cold and my stomach tighten up.

        Still standing directly behind my chair, she leaned over and asked,
"Billy your 16 years old and as tall as your father, your built like
him and I pray that your persona is not going to be like his. When I
left last night I got about 20 minutes down the road and realized that
I had left my billfold on the bed.  I turned the car around and drove
back, parking the car at the curb I let myself into the house through
the garage door.  Now what do you think I saw when I walked by the
family room?"

        My mind was whirling, my blood was draining out of my face.  I now
knew what she was talking about.  I had Mrs. Grey, Gina, bent over the
couch and was eating her pussy out at that time.  Mrs Grey is a couple
of years older than mom.  She has a trim figure and tight pussy.  Plus
she has taught me all I know about sex in the past three years.

        I kept my eyes on the wall, focusing on the picture that hung there.
I didn't dare turn around.  "I guess you could say that I was sort of
having sex with Gina, Mom."

        "Why" was all she asked.

        "Well, I guess it started the night after my thirteenth birthday.  I
had gone over to take care of their lawn.  She had asked me in to have
something cold to drink and we started to talk.  Somehow the talk got
around to teenage sex, and when she asked if I was a virgin, well, I
admitted that I was.  She then told me to sit right there, she left
the room and brought back a big photo album.  Inside the album were
all types of picture of Gina, mostly nude, and they showed everthing,
she was even playing with herself in some.  While I was looking at the
photo's I felt myself getting hard and Gina reached over and used her
hand on me to ease the hardness back down.  The next thing I knew,
Mom, do you really want to know what went on or will you just except
the fact that she seduced me that afternoon.  Since that time she has
taught me all about a woman's body and how to make a lady feel real
good."

        Mom didn't answer me right away, I could hear her breathing behind me,
it was sort of ragged and strange.  I resisted the temptation to turn
around and just kept my eyes staring at the wall. I felt trapped and
didn't know what to do.

        "Billy," Mom asked, "why are you still screwing her?"

        I had to stop and think about that question, i could probable seduce
most of the girls my age and have them coming back for more.  I
realized that I liked screwing her.  She was fun, it was straight sex,
no strings, no questions asked, just lets have fun.  I wondered how to
answer that question and then realized there was only one answer.

        "I prefer Gina because of her age and what she wants," I told mom,
"she only wants me to screw her.  No questions, she wants me to give
her sex in just about every postion and to enjoy myself at the same
time that she does.  I like to have sex with someone older and more
willing to play around with me to find what is enjoyable."

        Mom was starting to breath hard now and I wondered what was going to
happen, I didn't know just how mad she was or what she was going to
do.  I hated to think that I wasn't going to get to screw Gina
anymore.

        Mom walked around and looked down at me, stepping back she sat on the
edge of the couch.  Her eyes were glued to mine and I could see that
they seemed out of focus.

        "I want you to tell me just what you did to Gina last night and I was
there, so you tell me exactly what you did  and don't be afraid of
using the words that you've been avoiding Billy. It won't shock me to
hear them.  God knows your father just loved to hear some of them over
and over."

        I looked at mom sitting there and figured alright if that's what she
wants thats what I had better give her.

        "Gina came over right after you left, she let herself in and met me
here in the den.  She walked up and grabbed my crotch and asked if I
needed some help in raising my limp dick up.  She unzipped my pants
and pulled my dick out and sucked it into her mouth.  She sucked on it
until it started to get hard.  As soon as it was real stiff and hard
she let me go and turned her back to me, reaching back she pulled her
dress up to her hips and then bent over.  She told me that it was my
turn.  She backed up and placed her pussy right square in my face so I
could eat her out.  I ran my tongue in and out, up and down, trying to
lick up as much pussy as I could.  Sorry Mom but I am telling you how
I felt as it happened.  Soon her pussy was as wet as she thought it
should be.  Stepping away from me, she walked over to the chair and
bent over, she reached behind her and using her hands spread herself
wide open, she told me to slip that hard dick deep in and to pump her
as fast and hard as I could."

        I had closed my eyes while I retold about last night, I opend them and
saw Mom leaning back against the couch.  Her eyes were still looking
right at me.  Her robe was wide open and she was slowly running her
finger up and down a shiny wet pussy that was covered with a wide mat
of long black hair.  Her breasts were medium size of which half the
breast was dark brown aerole with nipples that stood straight out and
extended at least a full inch in the air.  She had a look on her face
that defy's description.  

        "Mom," I said, "What are you doing?

        "Oh, god Billy" Mom groaned out, " Can you forgive me for asking you
to do this, but I need the same thing that you gave Gina. Please I
know you will think badly about me but I have dreamed about this for a
while and please don't hate me."

        Moving quickly over to kneel in front of Mom I removed her hand from
her pussy and placed my own hand there.  Kissing her neck and letting
my mouth move down to her hard nipples I replied.

        "Oh, Mom, the whole time I was sliding into Gina it was realy you that
I was screwing.  I used to sneak peeks of you when you bathed or
dressed and would beat off in bed thinking of having my cock buried in
that beautiful cunt."

        "Oh god, sweet baby, Make me feel good. Mom moaned softly as my mouth
tugged her nipple.  My finger was stroking up and down her cunt, being
careful not to touch her clit. I played my finger up and around making
her pussy lips swell open as she Lay there and enjoyed the attention I
was paying to her.  The sweet little areoles of her breast were
swollen up and thrust her nipples even higher in the air.  I rolled
the nipple between my finger and thumb tugging on them as I twisted
them gentle. She groaned deep in her throat as my finger slowly slide
down inside of her vigina and started to massage the inner walls.

        Mom reached down and unzipped my pants, as my cock sprang free and she
wrapped her hands around it I heard her start talking to me.

        "Oh sweet baby, last night as I watched you slip this hard cock into
Gina's pussy I knew that I had to have it.  Why should she have
something I have wanted for a long time.  My panties were soaked in
seconds after I saw it diappear into Gina's cunt.  I had to finger
myself twice before I left the house again just to ease the fire in my
own cunt.  When I got home I used my toy for a long time just dreaming
of what I am about to have."  

        Her hand was stroking my dick faster as she talked and I could feel
the burning fire start deep in my balls.  I pulled my cock out of her
hand and placed my mouth between her pussy lips.  My tongue directly
in her hole.  I sank my tongue as far as I could and her her gasp as I
licked her inner walls.  My finger wet from her pussy slipped up
against her asshole and wnet in up to the frist knuckle. Her hips
bucked against my mouth and finger as they moved in time with each
other. I placed my mouth tight against her cunt and started to suck on
the rigid litlle clit I found.  Her hips were starting to grind
against me mouth, she was starting to give out with shart sharps yelps
as I found the right spots on her pussy to lick and suck.

        "I felt the muscle's of her cunt start it's first spasm, when her
pussy clenched down on my tongue I pulled my mouth away and sank my
cock inside her cunt all the way to the hilt.  
        
        "OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH, OHHHHHHHHHHHH, god, sweeet Babbyy, fill that ungry
hole.  OHHHHHHHHHHHYes fuck meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. Fuck
Meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeenow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

        I was trying to match her stroke for stroke but it was no good.  Her
pussy clamped down on my dick and held tight.  As her hips ground down
against my cock I felt that first jet of cum fire deep iside of mom.
As I slammed down and bucked into her she screamed again.

        "OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHagain, I'm CUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
againNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN.  Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh, baby, sweet baby.


        I feel against her as I waited for the spasms to pass, each quick jerk
from me made her jump.  As we lay together I placed my arms around her
and kissed her.  

        "Mom I realy love you and I hope that you understand how I feel now."

        "Oh honey," mom said, "I think that we have just started to really
understand each other.  Let's take a shower and then we can come back
down and talk about what this is going to lead to.


END-PART ONE  any takers for part two?  


