Archive-name: Bestial/homealon.txt
Archive-author: Kerja Rabbit
Archive-title: Home Alone


     I  felt a tingle of anticipation as I walked up the path  to
Kelly's house. It had been a while since I was able to come over,
and even though I had no complaints about my live-in human  lover
back  home,  or my other friends, I found that I  had  missed  my
excitable   (and  often  insatiable)  otter  friend  and   lover.
Hopefully, he and I would be able to spend time together today.

     I  knocked on the door, and waited a moment.  Odd...  nobody
answered,  yet I was sure that someone was home. Kelly's car  was
still  in  the driveway, and when I tried the knob  I  found  the
front  door  unlocked. So I knocked again, and waited.  Still  no
answer. Puzzled, I opened the door and went on inside the  house.
I  was pretty sure Kelly wouldn't mind, and I wanted to find  out
what was going on. All I could think of was either he was sick in
bed again and unwilling or unable to answer the door, or else  he
was  busy with another bed-related activity he didn't want to  be
disturbed with - and in either case, I wanted in on whatever  was
happening. Even if he _was_ sick.... I remember the _last_ time I
came  over  and he was ill. Between him, me, and  his  girlfriend
Nikki,  we discovered, if not a cure, at least the best  form  of
relief  for  the common cold. I closed the door  behind  me,  and
looked around for my otter friend.

     "Kelly?"  I called. No response, and no sign of him  in  the
living  room. I figured the den was the closest and most  logical
place  to  look  next; a lot of activity takes  place  in  there,
although probably not the kind the architect had in mind when  he
designed  the house. I crossed the living room and poked my  head
into  the  den. Still no sign of him. I went  inside  and  looked
around a bit more. I chuckled softly as I saw a familiar,  flesh-
colored  object half-hidden under the couch.... obviously  Nikki,
at least,  had been in here earlier; a theory which was confirmed
when  I  saw a tape sticking out of the slot on  the  VCR,  which
according  to  the label was one of her x-rated  furry  films.  I
chuckled  softly to myself, imagining her watching the movie  and
playing with the toy she'd left behind. Nikki's a lot of fun, and
a special friend besides; the night I met her was the first  time
I  ever really made love to another female. I looked  forward  to
seeing  her almost as much as Kelly. "Tsk tsk, Nikki," I said  to
the  empty  room. "Didn't your mother teach you to pick  up  your
toys when you're through with them?" I chuckled. I bent over  and
picked  up  the toy; a large vibrator molded in the shape  of  an
otter's penis. Suddenly my sensitive ears picked up the sound  of
someone  moving around upstairs. I knew that Kelly's bedroom  was
directly above the den, so I was pretty sure that was him  moving
around.  I  put the vibrator back down on the couch  and  stepped
back  out  of the den. I stood at the foot of  the  stairs,  then
called out, "Oh sugarfurrrrr....."

     A  second later, a brown blur streaked down the  stairs  and
fairly leaped at me! I barely had time to recognize Kelly  before
I was bowled backwards by my overzealous otter friend. We tumbled
backwards,  winding  up  on the floor with Kelly on  top  of  me,
staring deep into my eyes with unmistakable delight. He cried out
"I _missed_ you, luv!", then planted a rapid-fire series of licks
and kisses all over my muzzle.

     I  wrapped  my  arms around his sleek form  and  hugged  him
tightly to me, and interrupted his rapid licks by engaging him in
a  long, deep kiss. Our tongues searched for and  wrapped  around
each other as the kiss continued, all our pent-up passions coming
out at once, until finally we broke away, slightly breathless. "I
missed  you  too,  sugarfur," I said, as I  stroked  his  fur.  I
noticed his fur was slightly damp still, and realized that he was
probably had just gotten out of the shower. "Hope you don't  mind
that  I just came on in, Kelly," I said. "I knocked,  but  nobody
answered,  and  since your car's still here I knew  you  must  be
home. I thought maybe you were in bed, or otherwise occupied."

     "Oh, that's all right luv," he said, as he snuggled  against
me.  As  he shifted, I could feel a certain pressure  against  my
thigh  which confirmed his pleasure in seeing me again. "Nice  to
'ave you back, me lit'le fluffbunny... I _did_ miss you. Where've
you been all this time, luv?"

     I caressed the back of his head gently, and put a few gentle
licks  on his muzzle. "Sorry, sugarfur. I just haven't been  able
to  get away for a while. It's not always easy to get  out  here,
you  know, and I really have been busy with all kinds of  things.
But I'm here now, aren't I?" I said this last with a giggle as  I
slid my hands down his back.

     "Yeah... trouble is, luv, I've got t' go in a few minutes. I
was  just about t' be on me way t' me bowlin' tournament  when  I
'eard you down 'ere." I could see the disappointment on his face,
and I felt a bit let-down as well.

     "Oh... I guess I picked a bad time to come over, then?"

     "Well...  I won't be gone all that long, luv." He licked  my
muzzle a few times, and ran one hand up my side and then caressed
my right breast through my blouse.

     His  touch,  and the pressure of his cock  against  my  leg,
brought out the pent-up desires in me and I slowly slid my  hands
down  to  caress his rump. I giggled as I felt the  pressure  get
more  intense  against  my  leg, and knew  I  was  arousing  him.
"Well...  I'll wait for you to come home, sugarfur. It's been  so
long... I do want to spend time with you. Especially since you're
so glad to see me."

     He  pressed his hips against me, and rubbed my breast a  bit
more sensuously. "Oh? An' 'ow would you know that, luv?"

     I  giggled again, and tickled the base of his  tail,  making
him gasp amd wriggle. "It's kind of hard to miss, sugarfur."

     "Or just _'ard_, luv?"

     "That too..."

     "'Ope I didn't get you too wet, luv.... just stepped out  o'
the shower a minute ago."

     "So  I  noticed." In fact, my blouse and  skirt  had  gotten
fairly damp from his fur, but I was so happy to see him I  didn't
particularly care. "It's OK, sugarfur.... nobody stays dry around
here for too long anyway." I giggled and winked at him, hoping he
caught my double meaning.

     Obviously  he  did,  because he  giggled  too,  and  started
tickling  my nipple with one clawtip. "That's for  sure,  luv....
'specially with sexy critters like you, Kerja."

     I felt my nipple harden under his tickling, and I'm sure  he
could tell that I had on no bra underneath the blouse. I  decided
to  up the ante a bit. I gave him a deep kiss, and moved one hand
between  our  bodies so that I could tickle his furry  sheath.  I
felt  him  stiffen  and  shudder  at  this  new,  more   intimate
sensation,  and then melt into my caresses. Then suddenly, as  we
broke the kiss, he grabbed me tightly and rolled us both over  so
that  I was now lying on top of him. While the high point  of  my
mating cycle was still over a month away, I _felt_ like I was  in
heat;  my thoughts were getting foggy with lust, and all I  could
think of was how badly I wanted him. I giggled, and then gave him
a  sexy smile. "I know you have to be going, sugarfur, but - "  I
paused  to  lift my skirt to just above my waist,  showing  Kelly
that  I wasn't wearing panties either. "After being apart for  so
long,  it'd be nice if we could at least get reacquainted  before
you  have to dash off." I grinned in a very sexy manner,  leaving
no  mistake as to what I meant. "I know it'd have to be  a  quick
one, but...."

     Kelly licked his muzzle and smiled. "I don't mind, luv..."

     Me  either. While I would rather take things nice and  easy,
for  an hour or two of lovemaking, there's nothing wrong  with  a
quickie;  sometimes  it can be a real boost for the rest  of  the
day.  I held my skirt high, so Kelly could see all the action.  I
lowered  myself down until the tip of his hard  eight-incher  was
just  touching  my  warm  muff,  which  was  slightly  damp  from
anticipation. "Shall we go for it, sugarfur?"

     His  response was to thrust upwards with his  hips,  pushing
the  tip of his cock into my waiting love-channel. With a  squeak
of  delight,  I lowered myself down onto his  shaft,  taking  him
fully  inside me in one long, smooth stroke. I moaned as  I  felt
his  full length slide up into me, and then started a steady  up-
and-down thrusting. It was a little uncomfortable at first, since
I  wasn't quite wet enough for full penetration so soon,  but  it
took  me  only a few strokes before my  lovejuices  were  flowing
readily,  lessening  the friction enough for me to  increase  the
pace.  Knowing we didn't have much time for subtleties, I  didn't
stop, or change pace, or do any of the other things I'd  normally
do to keep him just under the boil and drive him crazy with lust.
Not that I really needed to drive him crazy; our two weeks  apart
was  more  than making up for it, for both of us. Once  I  had  a
steady  rhythm  going,  I dropped my skirt and  bent  back  down,
supporting  myself  on my elbows. From this angle,  Kelly  had  a
clear view down my blouse, and I could tell he enjoyed the  sight
of my full, furry breasts bouncing underneath the fabric. I would
have taken my blouse off completely, and my skirt as well, but  I
didn't   want  to  stop  now  for  anything.   "Oohh,   Kelly....
sugarfur....  I've missed you so much," I managed to say  between
moans.

     Kelly  groaned  something unintelligible; in  typical  otter
fashion,  he was already well on his way to climaxing. Otters  do
tend to be excitable and just a bit hyperactive, compared to most
others,  and  their  matings  tend  to  be  brief,  intense,  and
sometimes  a bit violent. Kelly, to his credit, is not  as  high-
strung  as  most, and can keep up sustained lovemaking  for  some
time  when he wants to. But right now he wasn't holding  anything
back,  and I suspected that it wasn't just because we were  short
on time. I felt the intensity too; my own feelings for Kelly were
so  strong  that it felt as though it had been  months  or  years
since  we'd  last seen one another, instead of just a  couple  of
weeks.  He moaned again, louder, and started to thrust  his  hips
upward  against me. I squealed, and thrusted even harder  against
him, adding a little back-and-forth motion to my downward strokes
so that our crotches would press and rub together.

     Suddenly, I felt him shudder underneath me, and realized  he
was  getting  ready to climax any second now. Quickly  I  sat  up
again  and started to ride Kelly's thick eight-incher for  all  I
was  worth,  pumping up and down and grinding my  hips  back  and
forth.  My hands dropped down to my crotch; I pulled up my  skirt
with one hand, giving Kelly a clear view, while I started to  rub
both  our crotches with the other, using light, feathery  strokes
designed to get us both off as quickly as possible.

     And  it worked, too. Kelly barely managed to groan  out  the
words  "'tis wonderful, luv", before he moaned,  pressed  himself
hard  against  me, shuddered, and then let out a  loud  shout  of
ecstasy  as  he came. I felt his cock pulse inside me,  and  warm
slipperyness  as his cum jetted deep into me. I moved my  hand  a
little  and  started to rub my sensitive clit  furiously,  giving
myself  a stimulation so intense it was almost painful. Within  a
few  more  seconds a convulsive shudder ran up my  back  and  the
unbearable,  tingly  pleasure from my clit  exploded  through  my
whole body. I screamed Kelly's name as my pent-up desire and lust
for  him  was  released in that one brief,  explosive  moment  of
pleasure.  I  was barely aware of Kelly pulling me back  down  to
him,  and  caressing  my nipples and tail. In  the  midst  of  an
already intense orgasm, his caresses were too much to bear, and I
came  again on the spot, moaning in uncontrollable  pleasure  and
lust.

     Finally we were both spent, and we collapsed into a panting,
furry  pile.  I snuggled against Kelly for a  few  minutes,  just
enjoying  his  presence,  and his familiar,  musky  scent.  As  I
snuggled,  I  kept shifting my hips just a little,  enjoying  the
gentle pleasure of his still-hard member deep inside me. Then, as
we  both  regained our breath, I slowly sat up on  my  knees  and
lifted myself off of Kelly, gasping softly as his cock slid  free
from  my  warm love-nest. I moved aside, reached down  to  gently
spread  his  legs apart, then kneeled between his legs  and  bent
down  to  lick at his glistening cock and wet  crotchfur.  Again,
being short on time, I didn't waste time teasing him; instead,  I
just gave him a rapid but thorough tongue-cleaning below, licking
away our combined love-juices.

     "Ohhhh  yessss....  that's sooooo  nice,  Kerjaaaa.."  Kelly
moaned in pleasure as I tongued him all over... then suddenly  he
tensed, and I looked up to see what was wrong. He was staring  at
the clock beside the couch. "Oh 'ell, luv... Kerja, I really need
t' be goin'..."

     I  could tell he was torn between going out to  his  bowling
league  and staying here to make love all day. I _wanted_ him  to
stay, but since he'd already had previous plans, and I _did_ come
over without checking first, it wasn't fair of me to stand in his
way.  Especially  since  it was a tournament  league,  and  Kelly
couldn't just say "I don't feel like bowling today" and not  show
up.  I  quickly  finished up my  tongue-cleaning  and  sat  back,
licking  my  chops. "I know, sugarfur. I just  didn't  think  you
should  go  out  all sticky like that." I grabbed  his  hand  and
pulled  him  up  with me as I got to my feet,  then  gave  him  a
friendly  shove  towards  the stairs. "Go  on  and  get  dressed,
Kelly!"

     He  gave me a passionate hug, and whispered  "Thanks,  luv."
Then  he dashed back up the stairs. A few moments later  he  came
running  back down, dressed in pants and a bowling  shirt.  "Good
thing I 'ad me clothes ready t' go, it was!"

     I  grabbed him and gave him a quick, passionate kiss.  "Good
luck, sugarfur... I'll see you when you get home, I guess."

     "Right, luv. I won't be gone all that long. Probably be back
in  three  hours or so, maybe less. Make yourself at  'ome  'till
then,  luv...  I'm sure you'll find ways t' pass  the  time,  you
will!"

     "I'm sure I will... maybe I'll go through Nikki's toybox!" I
giggled, then gave him a warm smile and a hug. "Don't worry about
me, sugarfur, I'll be fine."

     "Well,  I 'ate t' be runnin' off like this an'  leavin'  you
all  alone  after you come all this way..." He gave  me  an  evil
grin,  and continued, "Kinda feel like I'm eatin' and runnin',  I
do."

     I  laughed,  and  ruffled the fur on his  cheek.  "It's  OK,
Kelly. I should have checked to see if you had plans first;  it's
my  fault for coming over unannounced. You just go have fun,  and
don't worry about me." I giggled, and struck my sexiest pose  for
him.  "Maybe the thought of a sexy, horny bunny waiting  for  you
will  give  you some inspiration, hm?" Then I  gave  him  another
friendly push, towards the front door. "Now get going,  sugarfur,
or you'll have a hard time explaining why you're late!"

     He  chuckled. "I was molested, I was.... but I  enjoyed  it!
See ya in a bit, luv..." He gave me a final hug, then grabbed his
keys and his bowling bag. I held the door open, and he gave me  a
last peck on the cheek as he walked out the door. "Bye, luv!"

     "Bye,  Kelly!" I called out after him. "Don't worry...  I'll
keep  everything  warm for you!" I giggled and closed  the  door,
then stood by the window and waved to him as he jumped in his car
and pulled out of the driveway.

     I sighed as his car vanished into the distance, and let  the
drapes  fall  back across the window. I dropped  onto  the  large
couch, and just stared into space for a few moments. In spite  of
my   earlier  cheerful  assurances  to  Kelly,  I  felt   vaguely
dissatisfied,  and just a touch irritated at being left alone.  I
got  up  from the couch, and started to wander around  the  house
aimlessly,  half-hoping to find Nikki, or maybe even their  human
housemate  Jerry, in one of the other rooms. Since his is on  the
downstairs  floor, the first room I checked was Jerry's.  It  was
the typical room of a human male, nothing terribly interesting...
especially  since Jerry wasn't in it. Neither was anyone  in  the
kitchen, laundry room, downstairs bath, or out by the pool. As  I
passed the laundry room again on my way back inside, it  occurred
to me that my clothes were still somewhat damp... and there  were
a  few  spots on the lower edge of my skirt that  were  wet  with
something  other than water, as well. I stepped into the  laundry
room, stripped off my skirt and blouse, and tossed them into  the
washer.  I  started  to set the washer to  "small  load"  when  I
noticed  the laundry basket beside the washer was nearly full.  I
decided that while I was at it I may as well toss the whole  load
into the washer, along with my clothes. I sorted out the  clothes
between  color and whites, out of habit, and then tossed  in  the
colored clothes, added soap, and started the machine through  its
cycles, then resumed my wanderings through the house. This  added
a  bit to my unease, walking through someone else's house  in  my
fursuit.  For  a  moment, I felt a bit guilty;  then  suddenly  I
laughed  at  myself and felt my tension ease off.  "You're  being
silly,  Kerja!" I told myself. And I was, too; I'd walked  around
in  the  nude  in  this house  several  times  before.  The  only
difference  was  that  now,  I had the house  to  myself,  and  I
realized  that  it  was the _quiet_ that was making  me  feel  so
uneasy.  I  was  used  to this house being  full  of  noises;  of
friendly  faces,  and talking, and the sounds of  lovemaking  and
loving.  Being alone and naked in someone else's home was  a  bit
unnerving, but I figured I'd get used to it.

     I proceeded up the stairs, still half-hoping to find  Nikki.
I  looked in the guest room, which was empty, then went  down  to
Kelly and Nikki's room, also empty. I sighed, and sat down on the
bed,  realizing  I really _did_ have the place to  myself  for  a
while. Again, I stared into space for a few minutes, thinking  to
myself.  I felt at something of a loss as to what to do next;  it
was  that strange feeling we all get sometimes, when all we  know
is that we _want_ _something_, but don't yet know _what_ we want.

     Next thing I knew, I heard a faint, harsh buzzing sound from
downstairs.  After  a moment, it occurred to me that it  was  the
sound  made by a washing machine when it finishes its  cycles.  I
looked over at the clock, and was startled to find I'd apparantly
spent  a  good half-hour just staring into  space.  With  another
heavy sigh, I slid off the bed and made my way back downstairs to
the laundry room. I took the clothes out of the washer and tossed
them into the dryer, took a dryer sheet from the box on the shelf
and  tossed  it in, then started the dryer. Again  out  of  sheer
habit,  I found myself picking up the pile of whites and  tossing
them into the washer, then suddenly burst out laughing at  myself
again. Well, Kelly did say I'd find ways to pass the time...  but
I'll bet the last thing he expected was for me to do his  laundry
for him! I shrugged, added soap to the machine as well as just  a
touch of bleach, then started the washer on its merry way  again.
Not as if I had anything else to do, really...

     I still had that vague "don't know what I want" feeling,  so
I resumed my wanderings through the house, figuring that whatever
it was that I was subconsciously searching for, I'd know it  when
I saw it. I drifted into the kitchen, and decided I was a  little
hungry,  so I opened the refrigerator and examined  the  contents
for a moment. Nothing seemed to provide any flash of inspiration,
so  I selected a couple of carrots, and poured myself a glass  of
milk. As I nibbled on the carrots I searched the cupboards to see
if  there  was  anything there that I wanted.  Inside  the  third
cabinet  was a stack of a half-dozen of those microwave  meals  -
the  kind you can put on your shelf instead of  refrigerating  or
freezing.  Since  this  discovery  produced  a  vague  spark   of
interest,  I selected one labeled "beef stew" and put it  in  the
microwave, then sat down to eat after it was cooked. It was tasty
enough,  and  while I was eating I felt better. But after  I  had
finished  eating  and  cleaned  up  after  myself,  that   uneasy
discontent  settled  in  again. "Oh _damn_,"  I  said  out  loud,
repeating my earlier thoughts. "I _want_ something.... now  _why_
can't I think of what it is I'm looking for?!"

     I  leaned  against the sink and thought for a  moment.  What
_did_  I  want?  Kelly,  of course... but  he  wasn't  here,  and
wouldn't  be  back for two or three more hours at  least.  Nikki?
Jerry?  Well...  yes, but they were gone too, and I had  no  idea
where  they were or when they'd be back. Wanting them was  _part_
of  my discontent, but I still felt there was  something  else...
"Oh  hell,"  I said to myself. "I'll just go  watch  TV...  maybe
it'll either inspire me or take my mind off whatever it is."

     Having made this decision, I wandered back into the den  and
flopped  down  on the couch, picked up the remote on  the  coffee
table  and flipped on the TV set. I scanned a couple of  channels
and finally settled on a movie that looked somewhat  interesting.
I lay back to watch. After a few minutes, I found that while  the
movie  wasn't providing inspiration, it _was_ taking my mind  off
things, so I relaxed into the couch.

     It wasn't too long, though, before I became aware of a cool,
hard object pressing into my left side. I reached down between my
body  and the back of the couch; upon discovering  the  offending
object,  half-jammed into the crack between the back  and  bottom
cushions, I pulled out.... the otter-penis-shaped toy that  Nikki
had left behind. I studied it for a moment, then looked up at the
entertainment center and realized that her x-rated tape was still
in the VCR. Suddenly I felt curious to see what was on that tape;
I  got  up and pushed the cassette back into  the  machine,  then
pressed the rewind key and settled back onto the couch. When  the
tape snapped to a halt a few minutes later, I pressed the  "play"
key on the remote. After a moment, the movie I had been  watching
(which had turned out to be fairly bland after all) was  replaced
by  the  opening  titles  of  something  which  was  _much_  more
interesting.

     The  film  was  obviously an  amateur  production,  probably
someone's  home  movie shot with a camcorder; but what  the  film
itself  may have lacked in production quality,  the  participants
more  than made up for in other ways. The credits rolled  over  a
scene of a male and female fox caressing each others' chests.  As
the credits ended and I got my first close look at the two  foxes
I  saw  that the female was quite generously endowed;  her  full,
firm breasts were so large the male's hand only covered a  little
over half of one as he caressed it. I felt a bit envious of  her,
until my hand unconsciously wandered up to caress my own  breasts
and I realized that mine too were full and firm, and that my hand
as  well was insufficient to cover the surface of one. I  knew  I
was  silly  to be comparing myself to the vixen, but  I  couldn't
help but admire her generous bust size. As the male caressed her,
the  female's  sighs of pleasure were quite genuine...  as  would
mine  have  been in her place, for the male appeared  to  have  a
feather-light  touch,  and he would sometimes  gently  pinch  the
vixen's nipple and roll it between thumb and finger.

     I kept watching as the two foxes settled onto their bed  and
started  to  make  love. I felt incredibly warm  and  horny  from
watching  these  two,  and started to  follow  along  with  their
movements by caressing myself in whatever way the male did to the
vixen.  When he started to tickle her furry muff, I did the  same
to  myself,  pretending  that  it  was him  doing  it  to  me.  I
concentrated  on  duplicating his moves as well as I  could,  and
soon found myself gasping with the same delight and pleasure that
was gripping the vixen onscreen. I felt myself getting wetter  by
the moment; my eyes darted briefly to the vibrator laying  beside
me,  and  I considered using it, but then I decided to  hold  off
until  the two foxes actually mated, and keep up the  fantasy  of
being  in the vixen's place. It was so hard to hold out,  though,
for the male was deliberately driving the vixen wild with  desire
by  teasing her, never _quite_ letting her cum under his  careful
fingering.  And since I was duplicating his touches on myself,  I
too  was  becoming desperate to orgasm, but somehow I  found  the
strength to hold off, determined to match the foxes move for move
and not break the fantasy.

     Just  when  I  though I couldn't hold  out  another  second,
though,  the vixen suddenly whimpered and begged her  partner  to
make  her climax. Even then, he teased her a little  more,  until
she  pleaded with him again and he _finally_ plunged his  fingers
into her depths, rubbing her clit with his thumb. I did the same,
and  both  I  and the vixen came almost at the  same  moment;  my
screams drowned out hers as my whole body exploded in pleasure so
intense  it  made me cry. Tears streamed down my face as  I  kept
fingering  myself furiously, orgasming over and over; it felt  so
good I just couldn't stop myself. I somehow kept my eyes fixed on
the screen and saw the vixen climaxing ever bit as fiercely as  I
was,  but  in a different fashion; her tail was straight  in  the
air,  her  face buried in the pillows, and her sharp  claws  were
raking  the  headboard.  Even in the middle of  my  orgasm,  this
struck  me  as  funny as I thought to myself that  they  must  go
through a lot of furniture that way, and couldn't help but  laugh
at the idea.

     Finally  I collapsed, exhausted, and just watched for a  few
minutes as the vixen turned the tables on her lover. She  started
to  lick  and  nibble at the male's shaft, giving  him  the  same
torture-by-pleasure  treatment he'd done to her a moment  ago.  I
could see on his face how badly he wanted to cum, but she refused
to  let him, and batted his hands away every time he reached  for
his  shaft  to try to bring himself off. Just as she  started  to
take  his cock into her mouth, I heard a loud, harsh  buzzing.  I
squealed, startled, and stood up so quickly I got dizzy and  fell
against the pool table. I swore softly, and froze the tape for  a
moment. Damn washer again...

     I stalked into the laundry room and tended to the  machines,
unloading the dryer (which had finished, but apparantly either it
didn't  buzz  like  the washer or I had been so  involved  in  my
fantasy/masturbation I'd missed it), and transferring the clothes
in  the  washer  to the dryer and starting it over.  I  gave  the
washer  a hostile look, then carried the basket of clean  clothes
back  into  the  den, figuring it'd be a lot  more  fun  to  fold
clothes with some entertainment.

     I  started the tape again, and watched as the vixen  started
to  suckle  her  lover's cock, making note of  her  technique.  I
dumped  the  clothes out on the pool table and  started  to  fold
them, dividing my attention between the two. Just as I folded the
last  item - a pair of Kelly's pants - the male onscreen  reached
the limit of his endurance and, like the vixen before, started to
whimper  softly,  pleading  with  his partner  to  get  him  off.
Suddenly  he  stiffened  and  howled;  as  he  climaxed  she  did
something I'd never seen done before. She backed off and  started
to lap at the tip until his cock started to pulse; but instead of
clamping  her lips around his shaft, or letting his  cream  spurt
into  the  air, she opened her mouth and stuck  out  her  tongue,
letting  his  cum jet into her open mouth and  dribble  onto  her
waiting tongue. I wondered if maybe that was done for the benefit
of the camera.... but even so, it was an interesting display, and
one  that  might  be useful to surprise Kelly  with  one  day.  I
giggled at the image that thought provoked; "Where did you  learn
that, luv?" "I saw it on TV."

     I set my skirt and blouse aside, carried the basket full  of
clean  clothes back into the laundry room, and unloaded the  pile
onto  the  laundry  table.  Then I went back into  the  den.  The
action  had moved along, and as I watched the two foxes mating  I
finally  recognized this tape as the one Nikki was  watching  the
day  Kelly and I spied on her. I headed for the couch,  intending
to  use  the  large  vibrator to "play  along"  with  the  foxes.
Suddenly,  as my gaze settled on the large vibrator,  inspiration
_finally_ struck. "Nikki's toybox of _course_, you dumb bunny!" I
laughed  to  myself. _That_ was what had been nagging at  me  all
this  time.  I  felt so stupid now; why couldn't I  think  of  it
before?  I stopped the tape, rewound it, and popped it back  into
its  case.  Then,  I grabbed the vibrator and  went  upstairs  to
Kelly's room. I sat cross-legged in front of his dresser and  and
pulled  open the bottom drawer, revealing Nikki's  collection  of
toys.

     "Nikki's  toybox"  is  something of  a  running  joke  among
myself, her, Kelly, Jerry, and several other mutual friends;  she
does have a large collection of almost every conceivable sex toy,
many  of which we've still yet to try out. I'd never  gotten  the
chance to get a good look at what she had hidden there, which  is
why I wanted to take advantage of this opportunity to explore the
contents  undisturbed.  I  put the tape back in  its  place,  and
examined  a  couple  of others. One with  a  hand-lettered  label
particularly  grabbed my attention; the label said simply  "Kinky
Stuff."  I wasn't quite sure why this struck me  as  interesting;
I'm not terribly kinky myself (although I'm no prude either),  at
least not compared to _some_ people I know. But curiosity got the
best  of me and I set it aside to look at. If nothing else,  it'd
be interesting to see just what Nikki considered "kinky".

     A  little more exploration produced another few  interesting
items,  as  I  took  out  various  things,  examined  them,   and
considered their possible uses. First up was a clear plastic  box
with  "Love  Butter" stamped in gold on the top. Inside  the  box
were six small plastic jars set in a red plastic tray, each  with
the  picture  of  a different fruit on  it;  strawberry,  orange,
pineapple,  cherry,  grape, and peaches-and-cream. I  opened  it,
took out the peaches-and-cream jar, and unscrewed the top. Inside
was  a gel that had a reddish-yellow color and a peachy odor;  it
looked  something like vaseline, but when I dipped  my  fingertip
into it I found it was much less greasy. According to the box, it
was  an  edible  gel that "both  lubricates  and  stimulates."  I
giggled, and took an experimental taste. The gel did indeed taste
like  peaches and cream, or at least close enough. I  decided  to
take  a  chance, and rubbed a tiny dab into one nipple.  After  a
moment,  I  felt the nipple get very warm, and  slightly  tingly.
Another  dab  down below, along my furry outer lips,  produced  a
similar  effect,  and I felt myself getting _very_ wet  from  the
tingly  warmth. I giggled, closed up the jar, and replaced it  in
the  box. Then I licked away the rest of the gel from my  finger.
After  a moment, I lifted my breast, and did my best to  lick  it
away  from  the  nipple  as well. I filed  that  one  away  under
"potential"; I could already think of several interesting ways to
put it to good use.

     Let's see, what else... three large books, full of pictures.
The  first book had text to go with the pictures, explaining  and
illustrating  nearly  every imaginable sexual  position  in  full
color.  I  paged through it for a few minutes, looking  over  the
pictures  and text, and admiring some of the models -  both  male
and  female - before setting it aside. The second book  was  more
direct;  just  lots  of pictures of people  having  sex.  It  was
different  from  most,  in that in addition  to  male-female  and
female-female sex, it also had some pictures of male-male sex  as
well.  This  too had some text, but it read more like  the  silly
things   they   write  for  magazine  spreads   than   the   more
instructional style of the first book. The last and thinnest book
turned out to be a catalog, presumably from where Nikki got  most
of this stuff. I paged through it for a few minutes, looking over
the  selection  of toys, lingerie, books, videos,  etc.,  ranging
from  the  interesting, to the silly, and in some  cases  to  the
downright  _weird_! One thing which did capture my  interest  was
that  this  place was one of the few that had a wide  variety  of
products  aimed at furries as well as humans. In particular,  the
lingerie  was available in a wide variety of sizes to  accomodate
the  various  differences in body  proportions  between  species.
Since  there  were about a dozen detachable order blanks  in  the
back, I decided Nikki wouldn't be too upset if I tore one out  so
I could order one of these catalogs for myself. I did so, and put
the books back in the drawer.

     There  were, of course, several other vibrators, of  varying
sizes and shapes. Of these, I found two which piqued my interest.
The  first  was another large vibrator, similar to  the  one  I'd
brought  back  up  with me, except that  this  one  had  another.
smaller "prong" set at an angle to the first one. I sat back  and
experimented  with  this  one,  quickly  discovering  that   once
inserted all the way into my depths, the smaller piece was at the
perfect  angle  to  press against my clit. I turned  it  on,  and
squealed in sudden pleasure as the vibrations rippled through  my
entire love-patch. After a moment, I turned it off and slipped it
free,  and set it aside as well. The other was a  short,  smooth-
surfaced vibrator with a somewhat conical shape; it had a rounded
tip about the width of a finger, and gradually widened to about 2
inches in diameter at its thickest point, then suddenly  narrowed
to  about  an inch before expanding again into a flat  base.  The
whole  thing was about 5 inches long, made of  translucent-amber,
flexible plastic, with a metal object sealed inside the cone  and
about  six  feet  of white cord that ran from  the  base  of  the
vibrator to a small white box with a slide switch. After a moment
it  came  to me what it was, and what it was for, and  I  felt  a
sudden  thrill  of anticipation; I had _heard_ about  these,  and
even  saw one in a different "toy catalog" once, but somehow  I'd
never actually _tried_ one before. I had always been, until I met
Kelly,  a  bit afraid to try something of that size  up  my  back
passage, although I did have a pencil-thin vibrator I'd sometimes
used  on  myself that way. Kelly was the first one I'd  ever  let
take  me up the rear, and ever since I discovered that  not  only
was  it _possible_ for me to take a full-sized cock up the  back,
but that I _enjoyed_ it, I'd become as fond of backdoor pleasures
as  the so-called "normal" way. The opportunity to try  out  this
little toy was too much to resist.

     I  sifted  through a few more odds and ends,  most  of  them
unsuitable  for solo exploration. The  fake-fur-lined  handcuffs,
for  example,  would  be decidedly impractical,  not  to  mention
embarrassing  if I _did_ try them and discovered I  couldn't  get
myself _out_ of them again. Kelly'd probably laugh himself  sick.
I  decided that I had enough to occupy me for now, and  shut  the
drawer again after digging out a tube of K-Y jelly. I carried  my
treasures downstairs and set them down on the coffee table in the
den.  I  folded  up the order blank and put it in  my  purse  for
safekeeping,  then popped the tape into the VCR,  wondering  what
would be on it.

     "Kinky  Stuff"  indeed; the first scene was two  females,  a
white  rabbit  and a brown-and-white mouse. The mouse  was  lying
face-down  on  a table with a pillow under her head,   while  the
rabbit tied her to the table! I watched, amazed and intrigued, as
the  rabbit   straddled her companion, holding her  down  as  the
mouse struggled to escape, and tied the mouse down tightly. I was
worried  at first, and almost stopped the tape, until I  realized
that  the  mouse's struggles were most likely  for  the  viewer's
benefit;  she didn't look like she was trying all _that_ hard  to
get away, and didn't look in the least bit frightened;  likewise,
as  I watched it became clear that the rabbit was  being  careful
not  to  hurt  her companion. In a few  minutes,  the  mouse  was
securely  tied; her legs were tied apart, spread wide, while  her
arms had been secured to her sides and her whole upper body  tied
tightly down to the table; and in a further display of  kinkiness
the rabbit had even used several loops of rope to tie the mouse's
tail  down  along  the  back  of her  left  leg.  She  was  quite
thoroughly   immobilized,  except  for  her  head,  and   utterly
helpless. The rabbit disappeared off-camera for a moment, and the
camera  zoomed  in to show us that no matter how much  the  mouse
struggled,  she couldn't move an inch in any direction. Again,  I
would  have been worried, except that the expression on her  face
was one of pleasure and not fear. The rabbit came back, holding a
long black feather. The camera zoomed in on the mouse's muff, and
I  could see her excitement glistening on the furry pink lips  of
her  cunt; the rabbit reached between the mouse's legs  with  one
hand  and spread her lips apart, then started to tickle her  pink
inner wetness with the feather. The mouse squealed and started to
struggle  again,  laughing helplessly as the rabbit  tickled  her
mercilessly.  I felt funny watching this; it _was_ kinky,  and  I
found it a bit disturbing to watch, yet at the same time I  found
myself  wondering what it would feel like to let someone do  that
to me. The rabbit finally stopped tickling her companion, letting
her  rest  just  long enough to stop laughing,  then  brought  up
another  object from under the table; a  huge  double-penetration
vibrator. She showed it to the mouse, who pretended to be scared;
I  almost  believed  she was for a moment, but the  mouse  was  a
pretty  poor actress and her face lost the scared expression  the
moment  she thought the camera was off of her. The rabbit  spread
vaseline  (ick!  we furries almost _never_ use that  stuff;  just
_try_ getting it out of your fur afterwards!) along the one shaft
of  the  vibrator, then slowly positioned it and slowly  slid  in
inside the mouse, penetrating both her love-channel and  backdoor
at  the  same time. A camera shot from underneath,  through   the
glass  tabletop,  showed that once the vibrator was all  the  way
inside,  the  base was pressed firmly against the  mouse's  outer
lips  and love-button. The rabbit was holding a small box with  a
cord that ran to the base of the vibrator and she started to play
with  the  control; I could hear the hum changing  pitch  as  she
tormented  her companion with different vibrations.  Inspired,  I
picked up the two-prong vibrator and slid it slowly inside my own
wet  love-nest, pressing the one part tight against my clit,  and
dialed  it  up to full throttle. Immediately I stiffened  as  the
vibrations   hummed  throughout  my  crotch  in   a   deliciously
unbearable  intensity. I felt so turned on, both from  the  toy's
throbbing and from watching the kinky video. We rabbits are often
strongly  affected by visual stimuli; I can, in  fact,  sometimes
have an orgasm just from _watching_ sexual activity, and watching
nearly  always  puts  me in the mood, if I'm  not  already!  This
particular  visual  was exceptionally stimulating, since  it  was
something  quite  new  to  me and carried  the  extra  thrill  of
something  naughty and secret, and I came in moments,  shuddering
and  gasping for breath. I looked up to see that while  I'd  been
busy with the toy, the rabbit had started tickling the mouse with
the  feather  again,  drawing the tip of the  feather  along  the
mouse's feet, ears, and of course along the base of her tail  and
up  and  down  her  wet  outer  lips.  The  mouse  was   laughing
uncontrollably,  tears running down her face, then  suddenly  her
body  stiffened and she squealed in what was clearly  a  powerful
orgasm.  Now  _that_  amazed me; I'd heard of  being  tickled  to
_death_,  but never tickled to _orgasm_. I shook my head  as  the
rabbit  started  to  untie her companion and  the  picture  faded
out....  definitely weird. And yet, strangely enough, I found  it
terribly erotic. So much so that I skipped the tape back a couple
of  minutes and rewatched the last part, with the  mouse  cumming
from being tickled. And still I couldn't help but wonder what  it
would be like....

     The  next  "kinky stuff" was between a human  female  and  a
large  wolf male. I didn't see anything particularly kinky  about
it,  until  it  occurred to me that, to some  furries  (and  most
humans), _that's_ what was kinky; a human and a furry having sex.
It  wasn't to _me_, of course, since my live-in lover is a  human
male who's quite comfortable with furry fun, but I supposed  that
we were somewhat unusual in that respect. As is Jerry, my  otter-
friends'  live-in  human housemate. I wondered when I'd  get  the
chance to see Jerry again. He always seemed to be out when I came
over;  I  hoped  maybe I'd see him later on  that  night.  I  had
assumed  from the handwritten label that this was something  that
Nikki  had  put together by copying shorter tapes or  films  onto
this  one,  but  I couldn't imagine  this  particular  bit  being
particularly kinky to Nikki either, and decided that this must be
a  tape  someone else made up. It was mildly  interesting  to  me
because of the reversal of sexes - human female with a furry male
lover,  whereas I'm a furry female with a human male lover -  but
even  that wasn't terribly fascinating to me. I'd seen  human  x-
rated  films, so the naked female-human body wasn't anything  new
to me. The only thing novel about the scene was that as the  male
wolf mounted the female human and slid his cock into her muff, he
was  also  working a slim vibrator into her back  passage.  Which
reminded me...

     I  took  advantage  of the  less-than-fascinating  scene  to
indulge in a bit of kinkiness of my own; I applied some jelly  to
the funny-shaped vibrator, bent over on my knees with my rump  in
the  air,  and slowly pushed the smooth, tapered  shape  into  my
backside. It became a little uncomfortable as I got to its widest
point,  but  I  persisted, and a moment  later  the  widest  part
slipped  inside and I felt the stretched opening spasm  once  and
close  around  the thinner body of the toy. The base of  the  toy
pressed  against my cheeks in a not-uncomfortable way, and  as  I
settled back onto the couch I was aware of a very _full_  feeling
in my back passage. While it didn't cause me any real discomfort,
it  _was_  a feeling I couldn't ignore or seem to  get  used  to;
every  time I moved I could feel the vibrator buried deep  inside
my rump. Experimentally, I slid the control to it's halfway mark,
and  was  rewarded with throbbing vibrations in  my  backside.  I
gasped,   and  waited;  at  first,  it  didn't  seem   all   that
pleasurable,  but  after a few moments I did start to  enjoy  the
unique sensations and turned my attention back to the video. Just
as  I  did, I heard a soft buzzing sound - not  the  vibrator,  I
realized, but the clothes dryer, which had a more civilized alarm
sound than the washer did, apparantly. I thought to myself for  a
moment,  trying  to decide if I should take out the  vibrator  or
ignore  the  dryer. Then suddenly I got  another  slightly  kinky
idea,   which   I  probably  wouldn't  have  done   under   other
circumstances...  with  the  vibrator still  buried  deep  in  my
backside, humming away, I stood up and walked out to the  laundry
room.

     _Now_  the  sensations  were absolutely  delicious,  as  the
vibrator  shifted inside my back passage as I moved. I  retrieved
the clothes, relishing the exotic feel of the vibrator  throbbing
in my backside, and carried them back to the den. I set them down
on  the pool table, and put the little control safely out of  the
way  after sliding it to full. I went a bit weak in the knees  as
the  vibrations went to maximum strength, throbbing  and  pulsing
throughout  my lower regions, then stood and folded  the  clothes
with the toy humming away, feeling very naughty. Not just because
of _what_ I was doing, but the circumstances in which I was doing
it.... if Kelly only knew...

     I  had forgotten to stop the tape, and the wolf/human  scene
had been replaced by another bondage scene between the same mouse
and  rabbit as in the first part. In the first scene, neither  of
them  had  called the other by name (or talked much at  all,  for
that  matter);  now, the mouse kept calling  the  rabbit  Janice.
Janice, apparantly playing the submissive role to the hilt,  just
kept  calling the mouse "mistress", so I never did find  out  her
name.  Now  I was _sure_ that they were acting, since  the  roles
were reversed; Janice could have easily overpowered the mouse  if
she  hadn't wanted to let herself be tied up. At least she was  a
better  actress than the mouse, though; if I overlooked  Janice's
obvious  physical superiority I could believe that she was  being
forced,  and  was scared. This started out  as  another  tickling
scene,  with Janice tied face-up and spread-eagled so  the  mouse
could tickle her clit and nipples. Janice was reduced to helpless
laughter in moments, apparantly even more ticklish than the mouse
was.  I felt a sympathetic tingling in my own feet as  the  mouse
started  to torture the sensitive pads of Janice's foot with  the
feather;  if  Janice's feet were half as ticklish  as  mine,  the
mouse must have been driving her out of her mind.

     The mouse stopped for a moment to let her friend recover, so
I  carried  the folded clothes back to the laundry room  and  put
them  with the rest. Upon returning to the den, I saw  the  mouse
untying Janice and assumed the scene was over. Just as I  reached
for  the  remote  to back up the tape to  see  what  I'd  missed,
though,  I  saw  that  I was wrong;  they  were  merely  changing
positions. Janice's wrists were tied behind her back and she  was
being led over to to the side of the couch. She bent over and the
mouse  proceeded  to  tie her up the rest  of  the  way,  tightly
binding  Janice's  legs together. Then, the mouse slid  a  large,
thick vibrator into Janice's wet muff, and worked it in and  out.
Then,  she  brought  up the feather again, and  kept  drawing  it
across  Janice's  clit, which had the strange  effect  of  making
Janice shudder in ecstasy and laughter at the same time. "This is
_definitely_  weird,"  I  said  to myself as  Janice  let  out  a
shuddery squeal and came under the mouse's attention.

     The  next scene was again pretty tame, at least to my  mind.
The  wolf/human couple had been joined by another male  furry,  a
well-hung fox. At first he looked a lot like the one in the other
tape  I'd watched earlier, until I got a good look at his  muzzle
and  saw his facial markings were different. The fox lay  on  his
back,  the female human mounted him the normal way, and then  the
wolf  mounted _her_ up her back passage from behind, so that  the
female was being sandwiched between the two furries. Again I  was
inspired, and slid the other vibrator with the clit-tickler  deep
into  my  _very_  warm  and wet  muff.  The  combined  vibrations
resonated throughout my crotch and felt so _incredibly_ good that
I lost interest in the tape for the moment and thrusted the thick
vibrator  in  and  out of my channel until I  couldn't  stand  it
anymore  and orgasmed with a loud squeal. Looking up, I  saw  the
three had switched positions; the human was now on her back,  the
fox had mounted her, and the wolf had mounted _him_. After a  few
minutes  the  trio came, one at a time, and I couldn't  help  but
giggle when the wolf let out a real "baying-at-the-moon" howl  as
he orgasmed. Fade to black.

     There  were  a couple more scenes after  that,  mostly  more
bondage  stuff, including a scene which was reminiscient  of  the
time  Nikki  and I had tied Kelly to the pool table and  made  an
"otter-fudge   sundae"   out  of  him,  except   that   the   two
participants,  a cocker spaniel and a squirrel, were using  _hot_
fudge. Apparantly not hot enough to burn, since the squirrel  was
holding  the  pot  in his hands; even so, I felt  sorry  for  the
spaniel...  she  must have had _hell_ getting it out of  her  fur
afterwards. Even though some of the stuff on this tape was pretty
kinky, it didn't bother me too much; in fact, I found quite a bit
of  it to be quite erotic. But then came a clip that shocked  me.
There  were  two  raccoons, a male and female, on  a  couch.  The
female  was lying bent over the male's lap with her skirt  pulled
up  over her waist; the male was holding her tail clear with  one
hand  and giving her a series of light smacks on her backside.  I
found  this  a bit disturbing; I found myself  recalling  a  time
where,  during  some horseplay, Kelly had made a mock  threat  to
turn  me over his knee and I'd jokingly replied that I might  let
him.  What  disturbed  me  even more than the  fact  that  I  was
_watching_ it, was that I found myself wondering if I _had_  been
joking with Kelly. I couldn't believe that I would really  _want_
something like that, or that Kelly would actually do it, but  for
some  strange  reason I just couldn't get the thought out  of  my
head. I looked away from the screen for a moment, trying to get a
grip on my own thoughts...

     I guess if just the light swats had that been all there  was
to  the scene, I probably could have handled it. But  suddenly  I
heard a loud SMACK! and a squeal; looking up in shock, I saw that
while  I'd been absorbed in my own thoughts the female  had  been
bent  over  the  side  of the couch. The  male  was  holding  the
female's tail straight up in his left hand, while he had a  large
black-leather  belt  folded  over in his other hand.  I  was  too
frozen  with shock to do anything but watch as he drew  back  and
brought  the  belt down on her rump again. There  were  moans  of
pleasure  in between her cries, so I knew that, incredible as  it
seemed,  she  must be deriving _some_ kind of pleasure  from  the
whipping,  but it was at about the third or fourth stroke that  I
suddenly  came out of my frozen shock and decided I'd had  enough
of this. I stopped the tape, rewound it, put it back in its case,
and  then dropped it on the pool table and stared at it  like  it
was  something dangerous. Unlike the other kinks - the  tickling,
the  bondage, the double-mounting - I had no doubts about  _this_
particular  one.  I knew only too well how much a  belt  on  your
backside  hurt;  I couldn't understand how it could  possibly  be
pleasurable  to anyone to have their rump tanned, all I knew  was
there was no way I'd let someone do that to _me_!

     Suddenly  I  wasn't  much in the mood  to  play  anymore.  I
removed the large vibrator from my cunt, then knelt on the floor,
bent over, and slipped the other vibrator free of my backside.  I
had  to  concentrate on relaxing the tight opening to  allow  the
wide base to come out, but once it did, the rest slid out  almost
by  itself.  I  turned  it off, carried both  it  and  the  other
vibrator  into the kitchen, and cleaned them off with a  few  wet
paper towels (making sure to remove the batteries first.)  Then I
retrieved  the tape and KY Jelly from the den and took them  back
upstairs to put them back where I found them.

     On my way back upstairs, though, I started to calm down  and
think rationally again. While I still found the whipping scene to
be shocking, and certainly nothing I wanted to see or experience,
I  could  take comfort in the fact that, if I was  any  judge  of
character,  I was willing to bet that neither Nikki,   Kelly,  or
Jerry would enjoy that sort of thing either. While they might  go
in  for  the unusual, especially Nikki, none of them  seemed  the
type  who would get off on giving pain to someone else,  or  even
enjoy  seeing  it done. As I opened the drawer and  replaced  the
toys,  I explored the rest of the drawer to confirm my belief  in
my friends. As I had expected, while there were silken ropes that
could be (and had been) used for some bondage, there was no  sign
of anything that could be used for giving out pain, and I felt  a
bit  ashamed of myself for letting one scene on a tape  shake  my
trust in my friends. I found myself thinking that I _deserved_  a
spanking  for believing for a minute that any of my  friends  and
lovers _would_ spank me like that. At first I was stunned by what
seemed  to  be  more unsuspected kinkiness on  my  part,  then  I
realized  how  ludicrous that though really was  and  started  to
laugh  again. I stared at myself in the mirror, and stuck out  my
tongue  at  my  reflection. "Dumb bunny!" I  said,  then  reached
around  and  gave  myself a smack on the rump.  Which  of  course
didn't hurt at all, really, but I felt better for it.

     I  still  couldn't quite shake the funny feelings  that  the
first part of that scene had provoked, though... when it had just
been light, almost playful hand-smacks, it hadn't really bothered
me, and even though I didn't want to believe it, it _had_  struck
me as a little erotic. I found myself wondering what it would  be
like....  then  shook  myself again and  resolutely  pushed  that
thought to the back of my mind, still not really feeling at  ease
thinking about it too much. I didn't _really_ want that... did I?
I  decided it was just my rabbit nature again, being  susceptible
to visuals. I picked up the clit-tickling vibrator, intending  to
replace  it in its box, when I noticed something that I'd  missed
before;  the  box claimed that this vibrator  was  waterproof.  I
giggled...  logical enough, knowing how otters love  water.  That
thought  led to another slightly kinky idea, but this one  didn't
disturb me in the least; it was something I'd wanted to do for  a
while,  but  had never quite gotten Kelly in the right  time  and
place for. This would be the next best thing...

     I  dashed down the stairs, eager to try my idea, and  walked
out  to the pool, not caring if anyone saw me or not. I  set  the
vibrator beside the steps and dove into the cool water,  swimming
the  length  of the pool a couple of times, getting  a  feel  for
things. (I know you're supposed to wait two hours after you  eat,
but  I've  found that it's OK for me after about an  hour  unless
I've stuffed myself, and I did have a fairly light lunch.) Then I
set  my  watch  to its stopwatch setting,  took  a  deep  breath,
punched  the  "start"  button  and  lowered  myself  beneath  the
surface.  I  held  myself down, holding my breath as  long  as  I
could....

     Finally, just as I felt my air start to give out I stood  up
and  hit  the  button on my watch  again  (which  fortunately  is
waterproof  down to 25ft). I looked at the display, and was  both
surprised  and pleased to find that I had managed almost a  whole
minute! While motionless, of course; doubtless I would have  less
endurance while swimming underwater... or doing other things. And
of course it would be no match for Kelly's diving ability,  since
otters  can stay underwater for several minutes at a time, but  I
felt it was respectable enough, and surely Kelly and I could work
it out...

     That  thought  reminded  me  of  the  waterproof   vibrator.
Eagerly,  I  grabbed  it and slowly worked it up  into  my  love-
channel,  closing  my  eyes and imagining it  was  really  Kelly,
preparing  to  make love to me in the oldest and  most  authentic
otter-style.  I  slid it in with the clit-tickler   pointing  the
wrong  way,  so  that it was trapped between  my  rump-cheeks;  I
needed some way to hold it in place, and besides, I didn't  think
I  could  handle that little devil on my lovebutton just  yet.  I
switched on the vibrations and grabbed my watch, then took a deep
breath and dove under the water,  propelling myself with my large
feet while I used one hand to work the toy in and out of my cunt,
timing my endurance while swimming _and_ mating -or at least  the
closest substutute I had at the moment. I kept myself under until
I just _had_ to breathe...

     I  repeated  the process several times, and  found  I  could
average  between  30 to 45 seconds in this way. I  could  stretch
myself to my one-minute mark, but past the 30-45 second limit the
pleasure in my depths was overridden by the ache in my lungs  and
when I finally came up for air I'd be dizzy. (Obviously, I stayed
in the shallow end of the pool for this exercise.) If Kelly and I
were to try this, it would be vital for him to keep in mind  that
we  couldn't dive for more than about half a minute. Even  so,  I
decided my performance was quite respectable for my species,  all
things considered. After all, otters are aquatic by nature,  with
lungs  and a metabolism built for extended dives, whereas  nature
never intended rabbits to go diving at all, and certainly not  to
do  so  for long periods. Now if only I could just get  Kelly  to
cooperate.

     In  the  meantime, though, I had the vibrator. I lay  on  my
back and floated in the water, slowly thrusting the thick toy  in
and out of my eager love-channel, fantasizing that it was  really
Kelly below. In, out, in, out.... I humped myself faster with the
toy as I felt a climax near, and started to rub my clit with  the
palm  of my hand... at last I shuddered, moaned, and came with  a
sudden burst of delightful, tingly warmth through my body. I then
pulled  the  vibrator  out about halfway and  turned  it  so  the
tickler was in the proper position, then pushed the toy as far as
it  would go into my tingling cunt, turned the vibrations  up  to
full,  and  let myself float along in the water  as  the  intense
vibrations seared through me. I had several more orgasms over the
hour or so I spent in the pool; as I felt each one near, I  would
again  take a deep breath and dive under the surface,  practicing
holding  my  breath even in the middle of cumming,  until  I  was
convinced that I _could_ mate with Kelly in this way, if I  could
just catch him at the right time.

     At  last I tired of the game. While it was  pleasurable,  it
only  made  me  realize how I wanted _Kelly_ to do  this  to  me.
Besides  which,  I was starting to get physically tired,  and  my
lungs  were beginning to ache a bit from all the long  diving.  I
climbed  out  of the pool and dried myself off with  one  of  the
large  towels provided... with the thick vibrator  still  humming
away  in  my depths. Leaving the vibrator in place, I  went  back
inside  the house and upstairs to Kelly's bath, where I  showered
to  wash the chlorine out of my fur, then dried,  blowdried,  and
brushed  off  my fur - interrupted a couple of times  by  further
orgasms produced by the clit-tickler still torturing my sensitive
button.  I  walked back into the bedroom itself and sat  down  in
front of the dresser, leaning back so I could thrust the vibrator
in  and out. I made myself cum one final time, then  slipped  the
devilish  little toy out of my now-slightly-sore lovechannel  and
turned  it off. The entire length of the vibrator glistened  with
my  slippery  muff-juice; instead of wiping it dry, I  licked  it
clean,  enjoying the taste of my own slightly musky fluids,  then
replaced it in its box. I decided that one of those would be  the
first  thing  I'd buy from that catalog when I got it.  My  whole
muff  was  still  tingling  from  my  ordeal  with  that   thing,
especially  my clit; any toy that could be _that_ much fun  would
be money well spent...

     Wondering  if anyone else had finally come home while I  was
showering, I went back downstairs again and looked around. I  was
still  alone in the house, and a look at the clock told me I  had
probably another hour to go before Kelly would be home,  assuming
he was on time. Feeling thirsty, I went back into the kitchen and
took a bottle of RC Cola out of the fridge, opened it, and leaned
against the counter as I drank. After a few pulls on the  bottle,
I opened the fridge and selected another carrot to munch on. (No,
it's  not  because  I'm a rabbit... I don't think.  I  _do_  love
carrots  myself, but my mother and my stepsister Mellie  detested
them.  On  the  other  hand my friend  Darin,  who's  a  cat  and
therefore  _supposedly_  a carnivore, will happily clean  out  an
all-you-can-eat  salad bar. Just another example, I  suppose,  of
how humans insist on applying stereotypes to us furries based  on
our physical form.) I finished up my little snack, and decided to
go  back  upstairs  and look through the  toybox  some  more.  My
shocking  experience  with the "Kinky Stuff" tape had  ceased  to
prey on my mind, and I felt in the mood to play some more...

     I  sat cross-legged in front of the open drawer  again,  and
started to look over the other items. Underneath the box of "Love
Butter"  was another similar box of "Body Paints." Huh? Now  this
was  a  new  one on me; I'd never even heard  of  these.  Sounded
messy,  though. I turned over the box and read the back. Ah!  The
"paints"  were  "flavored,  edible,  and  non-staining"...  well,
according to the box, at any rate. I opened it and looked through
the  contents of the box; four tubes of "paint", a few  stencils,
and  a brush. "Aw, what the hell," I said to myself. I  took  out
one of the tubes and the brush, and painted a bright blue  stripe
down the back of my hand. It didn't seem to do anything else,  so
I  licked  it away again. It had a  vaguely  raspberry-ish  taste
which wasn't unpleasant, but not all that tasty either; it had  a
sort  of artificial "tang" to it. As I put the paint set away,  I
filed  it  in  my  memory along with  the  "Love  Butter",  under
"potential"; it could be interesting to play with.

     I came across another small jar of something called  "Nipple
Delight."  I  opened  the jar; inside was  a  white,  strawberry-
smelling  cream.  I massaged a small dab of it into  one  nipple;
unlike the "Love Butter" it felt cool instead of warm against the
tender skin, and had a creamier texture. I felt my nipple  become
softer and smoother as I rubbed it in, so I repeated the  process
on the other nipple. Then, as the jar said the cream was  edible,
I lifted my breasts and licked a bit of the cream away again. Its
taste was much more pleasant than the body paints.  I giggled  as
I  put away the jar, reflecting that Nikki seemed fond of  edible
toys!  I  wouldn't have been surprised to come across a  pair  of
edible underwear somewhere in this drawer...

     And in fact, I did. I held the box in my hand, and  giggled.
What  in Tallanaia's name could Nikki be thinking? Now  here  was
something  utterly  impractical for us furries. Gary  and  I  had
tried  a  set  of these once, just for the fun  of  it,  and  had
regretted  it  almost  immediately.  That  particular  brand   of
"underwear"  was made of a thin, edible substance that  dissolved
with  moisture.... _any_ moisture, as we discovered. As Gary  had
nibbled  the top piece away from my breasts, this got me  aroused
and  wet  down  below. A few moments later  I  felt  a  decidedly
unpleasant  stickiness in my crotch-fur. It turned out that  even
the  mild  dampness of my arousal had been enough  to  start  the
panty  dissolving, and unfortunately not only had it melted  into
the  fur, but it was leaving behind a sticky residue as it  dried
out again. If you've ever had the misfortune to spill soda pop or
any  other sugary drink on your fur, you'll know exactly  what  I
mean.  And of course, in such a sensitive region, the net  effect
quickly became just a bit painful as the fur matted into a sticky
mess. (Come to think of it, that wouldn't be very pleasant for  a
human, either.) Gary, to his credit, managed not to laugh himself
sick - at least not in front of me - and between the two of us we
somehow  managed  to get that crud out of my fur. Out  of  morbid
curiosity,  I opened the box and looked at the contents.  _These_
seemed  to  be made of something more like a Fruit  Roll-Up,  and
_probably_  wouldn't melt down like the other ones did...  but  I
wasn't about to volunteer to find out.

     On  the  right  side of the drawer were a  few  small  boxes
containing  various  bits of clothing; g-strings,  garters,  lace
teddys,  things  like that. I tried out a few items...  first,  I
tried  a backless fishnet leotard. Not bad... it  certainly  made
_me_ feel playful and sexy. But the black fishnet was hard to see
against  my own dark-chocolate fur, so I doubted it would  be  as
effective.  "Too  bad it's not in white", I said to  myself.  But
even if it had been, it also didn't really fit me properly, and I
realized it was because it had been sized for someone of  Nikki's
body-shape. Otters have low waistlines and long torsos, so it was
cut  longer than I was built and was looser than it was  supposed
to  be;  had Nikki been wearing it, the leotard would  have  been
stretched  tight against her body. I put it back, and pulled  out
something  that  _was_ in white; a white lace  and  satin  affair
consisting of a corset with garters, a white g-string panty,  and
lace-topped  stockings.  I  tried it on, and got as  far  as  the
corset  and  panty  before I ran into a snag;  again,  sized  for
Nikki, which meant that the stockings were for legs only a little
over  half  as long as mine.  That, plus my  large  rabbit  feet,
meant  that  the stockings would probably not even  reach  to  my
knee. I studied myself in the mirror; the corset and panty  still
made  me  look appealingly sexy, but to my mind  the  absence  of
stockings  kind  of  ruined the effect. _But_,  I  decided  as  I
stripped  off  the  lacy  garments and put  them  away,  I  would
definitely  have  to order that catalog. If I could  get  one  of
these  outfits in the proper proportions for _my_ body,  I  could
_really_ make Kelly's eyes pop!

     Digging  further,  I found another interesting set  of  lacy
underwear, in brilliant red satin this time. I slipped on the bra
and panties, and admired myself in the mirror. Now _here_ was  an
eye-opener;  the  panties had a wide opening in the  crotch  that
left  everything from my muff to my tail completely exposed,  and
the bra had small openings over each nipple that showed an  inch-
square patch of breast. Coupled with my natural white patches  in
those exposed areas, the effect was interesting.

     I took them off, and tried another fishnet affair; this  one
a  two-piece, in white. The low-cut bikini panty and bra made  an
interesting pattern against my chocolate fur; the bra simply tied
together  in the front and didn't do much to support my  breasts,
so  they still jiggled when I walked. Again I admired  myself  in
the  mirror, pleased with the look; the fishnet was  just  close-
woven  enough  to seem as though I were  wearing  underwear  that
matched  my  fur color and had a white grid pattern, but  if  you
looked  for  a moment you realized that it was  _me_  under  that
white  fishnet, especially if you happened to notice  my  nipples
poking  out  through  the net. "Neat," I said to  myself,  and  I
decided  that  unless I came across anything  better,  I'd  greet
Kelly in _this_ when he camed home.

     After  admiring myself for a moment more, I returned  to  my
explorations. I came across a couple more vibrators, including  a
very  _strange_-looking one that appeared to be hollow and  half-
full of little plastic beads. I found a few more books; a  couple
were  mostly text, another was similar to the one I'd found  that
illustrated  sexual  positions,  except that  this  had  sketches
instead  of color photos, and there were about a  half-dozen  30-
page magazine-type books that just had page after page photos  of
furries  and/or  humans having sex. I also came  across  about  a
dozen  videotapes,  but after the "Kinky Stuff"  shock  I  didn't
particularly feel like looking at those at the moment.

     One  item which I couldn't fathom was the large tin  in  the
back  of  the  drawer,  which contained  a  large  assortment  of
condoms. It struck me as odd, since I'd never seen Kelly use one.
Of course, the only time it becomes an issue is if you're  mating
with someone of your own species, _and_ if you're of a species in
which  fertility isn't something you can consciously control.  We
rabbits   have   a  natural  ability  to   "re-absorb"   unwanted
pregnancies before they even really get started (something  which
we  don't often talk about since for some odd reason some  humans
have  fits  over  the subject), so any  external  form  of  birth
control  was  unnecessary for me and I'd never worried  about  it
much.   And  I had assumed, from the way Kelly  and  Nikki  mated
without  worrying about "protection", that either otters  have  a
similar  ability (I skipped Biology class in high  school,  since
the  very  idea of dissecting frogs made me ill),  or  else  that
Nikki used some other kind of birth control. The only use I could
see for the condom assortment was the novelty value; some of them
were  apparantly  of odd colors, or had bumpy surfaces,  or  some
other  oddity.  Unless they belonged to Jerry, which  would  make
somewhat  more  sense,  except that why would  they  be  up  here
instead of in _his_ room?

     I  decided  it wasn't important, and searched some  more.  I
found  another  strange vibrator, this one attached to a  set  of
elastic straps. Like the conical backdoor-plug, this one also had
a cord and external battery/speed control box. "What the heck  do
I do with _this_?" I wondered. After a moment, it occurred to  me
that the straps resembled a male athletic supporter; if you tried
to  wear it, one strap would be around your waist and  the  other
would  run  under your crotch and up between your  rumpcheeks.  I
felt  another surge of kinky curiosity, and decided to try it  on
for  size. Since there was no indication on the box as to how  it
was supposed to be used, at first I assumed it was supposed to be
used like any other vibrator. I stripped off the fishnet  panties
and  slid  the vibrator into my depths. It was  long  and  thick,
though  not as large as the one I'd been using or the  one  Nikki
had  left downstairs, and felt good inside me... but  the  straps
didn't seem to fit properly. I pulled it out again, and stared at
it for a moment. Just what the heck was I supposed to do with it,
if not what I _was_ doing? I was about to give up and put it back
when  I suddenly remembered - didn't I see this in  that  catalog
earlier? I dug the catalog out and paged through it until I  came
to  a  photo  of  the  device I had  in  my  hands.  I  read  the
description,  and giggled. Then, I slipped it on the way  it  was
pictured,  with the vibrator positioned over my  mound,  pointing
outward,  and  took a look at myself in the mirror.  I  _had_  to
laugh;  I  couldn't  decide  if the effect  was  kinky,  or  just
rediculous. I took out a battery and put it in the control,  then
flipped the vibrator on. With the base nestled against my  mound,
I  felt  a  mild  throbbing against  my  clit,  which  varied  in
intensity  as  I stroked one hand up and down the length  of  the
vibrator. Now _this_ was _definitely_ weird... although the  idea
of  using  it  to turn the tables on Kelly or Nikki  did  have  a
certain appeal...

     I  put  that toy away and went back to exploring.  A  couple
more bodysuits which probably wouldn't fit me any better than the
other one had. A generous supply of various lubricants, including
such  exotically-named  products  as Astroglide,  Dr.  Love,  and
Slippery Stuff, in addition to two or three tubes of the familiar
standby,  K-Y  Jelly. Figuring I'd seen about all  there  was,  I
decided I'd look into a couple more boxes and call it quits.  The
first  box  contained the only thing I'd found so  far  that  was
intended  for  _male_  masturbation;  a  hand-held  latex  vagina
"substitute".  I had to admit it looked realistic enough  on  the
outside,  with  the "fleshy" latex folds that  looked  like  real
outer  and inner lips, a small nub for the clit, and the  outside
was  even  lined  with fake fur for extra  realism.  Obviously  I
wasn't  exactly qualified to tell how realistic it was  in  other
ways, but I imagined it would serve well enough. What I  couldn't
figure  out  is what it was for... while I couldn't  think  of  a
concrete  reason  to say why they _wouldn't_ use one,  somehow  I
couldn't imagine Kelly or Jerry needing, or even wanting, such  a
thing.  Then  again,  it probably hadn't been  used  in  a  while
either,  if  at  all;  this one _also_ had  a  vibrator  with  an
external  control,  and  the battery  compartment  was  empty.  I
shrugged and repacked it.

     The  second  box  was the payoff of my  search,  though.  It
contained  an outfit which I thought was even better than what  I
was  wearing  now!  I stripped off the  white  fishnet  bra,  and
repacked  both  it and the panties (which I'd never put  back  on
again)  into their little box. Then, I pulled out the new  outfit
and  put  it on. This one was a nightgown made of  white,  satiny
material   on the back and floral-patterned see-through  lace  on
the  front.  I  slipped  on  the  matching  g-string  lace  panty
underneath  it,  and looked myself over. The overall  effect  was
quite  impressive. The gown was held up by two spaghetti  straps,
which left my shoulders and upper body bare down to the top of my
breasts, and the gown was slit up both sides all the way up to my
hips. I was very pleased to find that this outfit appeared to fit
me  almost  perfectly.  The  back part  was  shimmery  white  and
slightly  translucent,  while the front was an airy  white  nylon
that  may  as  well  not  have been there  at  all,  for  all  it
concealed. The only parts that couldn't be seen through were  the
white floral-lace patterns, and they were strategically placed so
as  not to block the view of anything important. Underneath,  the
lace  panty was a bit more concealing, but one could  still  make
out  the  lights and darks of my fur underneath. My  breasts,  of
course, were in plain view through the see-through nylon, and the
gown  was  cut just tight enough to make my  nipples  stand  out.
"Very  sexy,  Kerja!" I said to myself in  my  best  come-to-the-
bedroom  purr, then broke into giggles. "Kelly'll _flip_!" And  I
had  no doubt that he would, either; I was even turning  _myself_
on, staring at the sexy rabbit in the mirror.

     Just  then, I heard a car pull up outside. I peeped  out  of
the  bedroom  window,  and shuddered in  excitement  when  I  saw
Kelly's  car  pull up in the driveway. I quickly  put  everything
else away in the drawer, closed it, and softly padded out to  the
head of the stairs, just out of Kelly's sight, and waited.

     I  heard his key in the lock, and then the door opening  and
closing behind him. Then he called out "I'm 'ome, luv! Where's me
favorite chocolate bunny?"

     I started down the steps in my sexiest walk, making sure  he
got  a good view of my full breasts bouncing underneath the  see-
through  lace, and stood at the foot of the stairs with  my  hips
cocked  in a provocative pose. I pretended to be unaware  of  the
effect  I was having on him, but it was clear that the vision  of
his  "favorite  chocolate bunny" dressed in  a  sexy  see-through
nightgown, standing in a teasing pose, and making bedroom eyes at
him was suddenly making his pants a bit tight in the crotch. "Hi,
sugarfur!"  I  said, again in my best sexy purr.  "How  was  your
bowling?"

     He stared at me for a moment, then dropped his bowling  bag,
came over to me, and wrapped his arms tight around me. As he did,
I  crouched slightly so that our muzzles were even, and took  him
in a tight, warm hug. Our muzzles met, and we both melted into  a
deep,  long, passionate kiss. Our tongues entwined  and  explored
each other's mouths, and our hands caressed each others' back and
sides.  As  we kissed, we gradually knelt, then sat down  on  the
bottom stairs.

     At  last, we gradually broke the kiss, ending with a  series
of  smaller kisses on each others' muzzles and cheeks. We sat  on
the steps, cuddling and panting slightly. Finally he looked up at
me,  eyes  shining with love and friendship,  and  grinned.  "So,
luv... ummm... wot did y' do with yourself whilst I was gone?"

     I chuckled, and ran my free hand down the satiny side of the
gown  I was wearing. "Besides trying on sexy clothes,  you  mean?
Well... I watched some TV, swam in the pool for a while, and then
took  a shower... and I had lunch; I hope you don't mind  that  I
ate one of those microwave beef stews in your cupboard."

     He smiled, "That's all right, luv... I meant t' tell you  t'
'elp  yourself  t'  wotever you liked if y' got  'ungry,  I  did.
Anything else?"

     "Well..." I giggled. "I did your laundry for you..."

     "Wot?" He stared at me, not sure if I was joking with him.

     "No,  really,  sugarfur. See, my skirt  got...  wet...  from
earlier," I said, winking. "I went to throw it in the washer, and
since  your laundry basket was full I just figured I'd  go  ahead
and do it for you. Save water and all that."

     He chuckled, and gave me a kiss. "You _always_ do it for me,
luv... but thanks. You didn't 'ave t' do that, though."

     "It's OK, Kelly... it's not like I had anything else to  do,
you know."

     "Yeah,  I know... an' I'm sorry 'bout that, luv; I hated  t'
'ave  t' rush off an' leave you alone like that, but... well,  y'
know."

     "I  know." I bent over and kissed him on the  muzzle.  "It's
not  your fault, Kelly; I should have checked to see if  you  had
plans first, and you had an obligation. And I didn't really mind.
I enjoyed my swim, and the rest of it."

     "An'   goin'  through  Nikki's  toys,  wot?"  he   chuckled,
grinning.

     I blinked. "How did you know?"

     "Well, you said you was goin' to when I left, remember?  An'
that's  where you got this from, right?" he said,  caressing  the
satin-and-lace  gown. "Besides," he continued, sniffing a  couple
of  times,  "I think I smells some o' Nikki's  nipple-cream...  I
'ope you didn't get too bored, with all those toys t' play with."

     "Oh,  it was awful, sugarfur. I was so bored I  just  didn't
know what to do with myself..." Then, I snuggled close and purred
into  his  ear. "I just couldn't _wait_ for my sugarfur  to  come
home...  why don't you come upstairs and make it up to  me..."  I
said,  as I guided his hand up to caress my breasts  through  the
lace gown.

     And he did, too. But that's another story....

--
