				Home Remedy
    
This event took place about a year ago. I was 41, had been divorced for
over 10 years and was living alone. I dated occasionally, but was not seeing
anyone at the time. It's not that I'm not attractive. Men hit on me often,
but I was not interested in a relationship then. I still kept myself in
shape with frequent exercise at the health club. My weight at 130 lbs. was
not bad since my height is 5'7", but this is San Diego and looking good is
important. I have chestnut brown hair down past my shoulders, a cute face and 
green eyes, which I consider to be my best feature. Men tend to notice my 
bust first, since my measurements are 46-29-35. That's what started the 
trouble.
				
				- * - * - * -

Let me explain something first.

My teenage years were spent uninhibitedly flirting. I spent two years in 
college becoming a dental assistant. My bust distracts male patients easily.
I got married at 20 and we had one son, Ricky, a few years later. When he
reached puberty, his father caught him masturbating and punished him. I
told my husband that I disagreed, and privately told Rick that it was 
natural for children to discover this, but to keep it to himself behind 
closed doors in his room and to try to keep it down to three times a week.

Years later, I found out that my husband was having an affair and we agreed
to divorce leaving Ricky to take a few weeks to decide who he would live 
with. My husband immediately moved out and Ricky stayed with me during that
time. 

One night, I was sitting in my bedroom brushing my hair preparing for bed.
My son and I had been to a school dinner. I was preparing to take off jewelry
when I heard Ricky crying. I had left the door open and his room was across
the hall. My negligee was flimsy, it had a lacy top cut low to my navel with
strings to tie it across my bust and the pants were knickers cut below the
knee, so I donned a chiffon robe and a pair of high heels. I went to his 
room.

"Darling, what's the matter?", I asked sitting beside him on his bed.

"I-i-it's m-m-my fault," he sobbed.

"What is?" I asked.

"You and daddy breaking up." His face was full of tears and my heart was in 
my throat.

"Of course not, dear. These things happen. You know we both love you. We
just can't live together anymore." I explained how these things happen and
pulled his head to my bosom until he calmed down enough to lie down.

"Thankyou, mom" he said as I got up. "You are so beautiful." He smiled as
I turned out the light.

Then I returned to my room, closing the door, but leaving it ajar in case
my son became upset during the night. I took off my robe and sat at my
cosmetic table wondering what to do as I removed my bracelets, then untied 
the top of my negligee preparing to take off my pearly necklace. My breasts
were free since I had removed my underwear when I changed. They still looked
firm, I noticed gratefully, and the tan lines across the tops contrasted the
milky smoothness of each globe capped by saucer-sized halos surrounding each
nipple. Noticing in the mirror that I had forgotten my earrings, I reached up 
to remove them and started reminiscing about the evening when the door opened 
and I turned to see Ricky staring at me. His face was bright red. 

"Are you okay?" I asked.

"Yes, s-s-sorry, I didn't know you were undressing," he replied softly. With
a jolt, I looked down and realized that here I was sitting topless, in 
negligee and heels with jewelry on like some boudoir madam. 

"Oh," I said brilliantly standing up and trying to quickly locate the ties 
to my front, unsuccessfully leaning forward to catch them hanging, nearly 
losing my balance, falling over in my heels, throwing my arms out to steady
myself, then marching to the bed to gather my robe to my chest, all the while
feeling my breasts bouncing around in plain sight. "No problem," I sat on the 
bed breathless and tried to regain my composure. "What's the matter, hon?" 

Still blushing, Ricky's eyes pulled themselves up to mine. "I, I, I", he
turned to leave and I saw his PJ's tented in front of his groin. Now, I'd
gone and done it. As if he hadn't enough to think about already.

"Ricky, wait a minute." He turned back to me with his head down. "I know you
are a little excited by seeing mommy, but it's okay. Those feelings are
natural. You'll understand in a few years."

"I was going to ask if it's okay to go with Daddy. He promised to coach
me for the sports teams."

"Yes, honey, if that's what you want." I felt my eyes begin to water.

"Okay," he said and dropped his head again then turned and walked out. I
heard him get into bed, and I got up to shut the door being careful to
keep the robe close. As the door closed, I heard the creaking of bedsprings
from his room and sighed. 

As it turned out, my husband soon remarried, so Ricky was part of a family
at least. I saw him frequently for a few years, then his high school
schedule and athletic programs kept us out of touch, except for leters, for 
quite a while.
				
That is until the event that I started to tell you about.

				- * - * - * -

A year ago, Ricky told me that he was failing his freshman year in college
and was in danger of losing his sports scholarship. He had moved out of
his father's home to live at school and wanted to take some time off to
decide what to do. I suggested that he could come visit me for a while.

When he arrived, I was amazed by his physique. We talked and I teased him
about turning into such a "hunk". He grew quiet, so I asked what was wrong.
He said his girlfried had dumped him for showed me a picture 
of her. She looked remarkably like I did in my youth. I told him so. He
said that she did remind him a little of me except "in the chest department".
I swatted him playfully and asked why she left. He grew sullen again and
said that he had developed problems in bed and was having trouble performing.

"I'm only telling you this. Don't mention it to anyone. Especially not Dad."
I sympathized with him a bit and asked if he had seen a doctor. "It's not
physical," he replied. "It was something that I did." I stayed with it until
he told me the whole story. One night in bed, he called her "mom" by
accident, and she teased him about it ever since until it bothered him so
much he couldn't "get it up" anymore unless he jerked off.

I let the subject drop and we ate dinner then watched a video and
retired. He took his old room. When his door shut, I went to the bathroom.
I returned to my room, realized that I had forgotten to do the laundry that
day, so I dug up an old negligee out of my dresser and put it on. I had
put on the top without tying it and had just pulled on the knickered bottoms
when my door opened. I gasped and fell backwards into a chair sending my legs
sprawling wide. Looking up, I saw Ricky staring at me. I was a site, all
spread out, my boobs dangling to each side and legs wide open. It was an
awkward moment.

Then he started to laugh. "Not again! At least you're not in high heels" 
I got his meaning and couldn't help
laughing, too, starting to sit up when I heard a rrrrrip! I looked down
to see the crotch of my negligee split wide open to the waist and my furry 
privates were complete exposed. "Aaaa", I squealed, quickly putting my hand 
over it. I looked up to see my son smiling like the proverbial cat. 
Scrambling to turn around, I managed to straighten one leg to the floor
and turned to put one hand on the arm of the chair, my other knee on the 
cushion and my free hand on the back to stand, when the waistband of my pants 
gave out and they fell to my ankles leaving me bare-bottomed. A snort rose 
from behind me and I turned my head to see my son wide-eyed looking at my 
nude fanny.

"Tanning in a thong these days?" he guffawed, his shoulders rocking in
laughter, an obvious erection protruding his fly.

"I give up", I said putting both knees on the chair and placing an elbow
on the back so I could rest my head on my hand. My son walked from side
to side surveying me. "Getting an eyeful?" I said sardonically. He really
was. My breasts were hanging out below me and, even though I crossed my
feet at the ankles, all of my thighs and tush were on exhibit. I couldn't
believe that he was letting me be embarrassed like this, so to get even,
I stood up, shucked my top, rubbed my nipples, and lay on the bed, putting 
my hands under my thighs lifting my feet straight up. "What, you think I 
look like your girlfriend ready for a quickie?" I snickered.

His shoulders and face deflated like a punctured baloon as did other parts. 
I suddenly realized what I had just said. He had trusted me with a painful 
secret and I did this. His confidence was already injured and I hit him where 
it hurt the most. "Oh baby, I'm sorry," I said sitting up quickly. 

He turned to go, His fly no longer bulged.

"Okay, okay. Ricky, hon, wait a minute. It's okay. I didn't mean that." I
rushed to him and hugged him. "I love you, you know that. It was an 
accident just like before. It's not anybody's fault. Sit down a minute."
I led him to the chair and eased him into it, then sat back on the bed
pulling the covers around me.

"I'm okay," he said weakly.

"I was just embarrassed," I said. "You had an erection looking at me."

"I did?", he asked, beginning to blush. He looked at his fly and said "No
way."

"Honey, trust me," I said letting the blankets fall. "You looked between
my legs," I spread my knees a bit and stood up watching his groin for any 
response. Nothing. Lifting a foot to the bed, I said "before I touched 
myself" and crossed my forearms on my  belly and put my hands on
either side of my mound. He showed a slight tremor, but no more. I turned
and added "then you saw my toushie", and reached back cupping my cheeks in
my fingers and leaning over slightly, "and everything back there." I looked
back to see his hardon had returned. "See?" I pointed back at his groin.
He looked down.

"Whoa!" he exclaimed with a guilty look on his face.

"It's okay, baby. You're okay. See? And you didn't have to touch it."

He squirmed in the chair. "Yeah, if it would only work with a girl." His
face dropped again. I turned back around and kneeled in front of him.
Unbuckling his pants, I undid his zipper and put my hand in around the
hot flesh. It was red and pulsing. I couldn't help but notice that he was
bigger and thicker than his father.

"We'll see. Stand up," I instructed. He got to his feet. I straightened up 
and backed to the bed pulling his phallus with me. I sat on the bed and 
looked up at him. He leaned down and kissed my lips. It was a full, wet, 
passionate kiss. We were both hungry for eachother. I put my arms around his 
neck and  felt his hand on my shoulder pushing me back. Our tongues danced 
rapidly. My nipples jumped as his other hand caressed me there. I felt the 
heat of his body before it rested atop me. Something was pushing my lips 
open down there. "Uhmmmm," I sighed feeling the pleasure from my clit spread 
down to my toes and up to my head. "Uhmmm, Ricky," I thought. 

Ricky? That's my son. Wait... Realizing what was about to happen, I pushed
him up. "Hold on, mister, " I warned.

"What? What's the matter?" he asked pushing himself back from me.

"Honey, we can't do that. It's not right. You're a healthy boy and all, but
we can't. I'm your mother."

"But, mom. You said..." he pleaded.

"I know, honey. It's just that. Here." I took his hard penis in my hand and
started to jack it off. "Slow down. Your mommy is built for comfort, not for
speed, as they say."

"Ohhhh," he groaned. "I can do that." He was right. This wouldn't accomplish
anything. I sat up all the way and pulled his prick to my lips, licking it
up and down. "Ohhhh, yessss, ohhhh mommmm. Unnnnhhhh." When it began to
swell in my mouth, I pulled it out and let go. "Whaa??" he looked shocked.
A long string of pre-cum and saliva hung from my chin to his boner. 
Yeah, what a prick-tease, I thought. Your mom is up there with the best. I
sat up straight and, with my fingers, pinched my nipples, pulling them out
in front so my tits stretched and then let go, setting my melons bouncing
up a storm. His cock twitched in front of me. I brought my hands up under
each of my double-d's and hefted them high, then banged them together several
times so they shook like jello. I looked demurely up into his eyes. Knockers 
here boy. See the signs? Get the message? Ricky moaned, his slick woody 
lunging into my cleavage. I squeezed my tit flesh around him as he pumped
himself like a jack-hammer. Only he wasn't pumping himself, he was having sex 
with a women. He could do it fine. He was gonna come. What about me? I hugged 
my arms to my chest to hold my titties in place and dug my fingers into my
cunny. It only took a few frigs and I was off.

"AaaiiieeeeEEEEE", I moaned as my climax began.

"Unh-unh-unh-unh-unnnnnhhhhh", he replied, his semen spurting up to my chin
and cheeks, splattering the top of my boobs. Hot and wet. I flicked my tongue
out to catch it and swabbed the head of his dick every time it rose. 
Finally, his pace slowed and he collapsed to sit on the bed beside me. I
put my hand on his cheek. He sniffed and turned his face to lick my fingers
clean. I smiled, my pussy automatically tingling. Persistent to the last, 
this one. He'll be okay. He looked at me and our lips met again. We fell back 
on the bed kissing and contented and we must've dozed off, because the next 
thing I knew it was morning. 

We had woken up at the same time in eachother's arms. Ricky made me breakfast
and we joked about the whole event. I promised to get rid of that old
nighty. Rick promised to knock. My sides hurt remembering how much we 
laughed.

Anyway, his trip finished, he returned to school and his grades returned to
normal. I got a picture of his new girlfriend. She's a blonde! Not like me
at all, except "in the chest department". 

I'm seeing someone now. He told me that one of his fantasy's is to call me 
"mommy" when we're in bed. I told him that I could handle that.
