"HONEYMOON" 
                                                              by David Lee
     We had discussed sharing for the two years before our marriage, yet 
nothing had happened until just shortly after our ceremony.  We invited our 
best man, who was also our best friend, to spend an evening with us before he 
left on an extended holiday.  We enjoyed a fine meal, chatter, and drugs for a 
couple of hours. During a pause in talk, Cayenne and I exchanged a certain 
look, which even without discussing this particular evening, prompted her to 
action.
     It was beautifully slutty to see her move, dressed in a skirt with a 
short blouse, straight towards him sitting in an easy chair.  She straddled 
his legs, and sat down his lap, and I could see her crotch meet his. She 
immediately started kissing him with her whole mouth, and taking his hands 
which were on her waist, and covering her breasts (she never wears a bra).I 
couldn't believe my thoughts and emotions at this time.  Here was the woman 
I've wanted and needed all my life, in the arms of our good-looking, blonde, 
5'9", 175 lb friend.  One part of me listened to the programming of a 
life-time, to possess your mate; the other part was making me flush with 
energy and excitement.  Tingles were zapping from my crotch to the back of my 
neck then back to my cock.
     Suddenly she stood, started walking down the hall, discrarding her 
clothes as she went, leaving behind a trail as if to say, "follow me, boys!"..  
We did, and what a lovely sight to follow.  Her trim figure from the back, 
centered by her round buns, centered by her faintly visible red pubic hair, 
centered by her moist slit, swaying, moving, inviting us to follow.  Any 
human male, not dead, could resist.
     Donald and I had our clothes off and were in bed with this erotic 
creature in a flash.  We left the lights on to enjoy visual delight of sharing 
sex.  Don immediately spread her legs and slipped his granite hard penis into 
her already slippery cunt.  God, what a rush to see this!  I could see his 
back muscles and his butt flexing as he fucked my new wife!
     Her head was by the edge of the bed and I offered my eight inches to her.  
She held it in her fist and started sucking on the top half.  It was so 
exquisite, I can almost feel it still (and have many times since, but not 
with the visual treat of seeing another enjoying her at the same time), the 
saliva dripping from my dick, down her chin, and onto the bed, then taking 
more of me into her mouth, and gagging around it.
     But this particular pleasure was short lived, however.  She stopped her 
loving vulgarity, looked up at me, and said, "eat me..... I want to suck his 
cock because it'll fit better".  
     I went to the bathroom, and when I returned, I could see she was 
thoroughly enjoying giving him a blow-job.  Her eyes were closed, she was 
moaning with pleasure, taking all of his dick into her mouth.
     "Shit, Shiiit, Damn!", Don roared, "I wanted this to last longer!"  Cey 
couldn't swallow all the white fluid jetting from him, and it leaking from her 
mouth surrounding his cock, down her chin, and onto the bed. (where have I 
seen that before?)  Don collapsed with a sigh back on the bed, as I used a 
hand towel to wipe his cum from her face and body. 
     "Please fuck me, babe", she said softly, but with so much feeling it 
burned me to the tip of my steel hard erection.  Somethimes in the almost 3 
years we had been together I could almost touch the deep sexual spirit inside 
her, but this episode released so much of it I felt in awe of it.
     I didn't say a thing until I slipped my penis into her hot depths, then 
murmured, "Oh baby, your cunt is so hot and wet, it's absolutely exquisite!". 
I could feel my eyes misting up from the erotic joy I was feeling.  I moved 
slowly, feeling the walls of her pussy clenched and unclenched my shaft. Then 
I pounded her in a frenzy until I could feel my seed rising through my balls, 
and I would have to stop.  Unlike Don, I knew her vortex of erotic power, how 
she sucks your cum from you like a whirlwind of life to death.
     She was repeating, "fuck me, fuck me, fuck me with your big dick" over 
and over like a broken record, while Don was lying on his side, watching us 
with his mouth wide open in amazement.
     I moved my legs to the outside of hers, and I couldn't believe how tight 
yet slick she felt.  Donald moved over and started kissing every little inch 
of her face and then french kissing her with a demanding forcefulness. I 
hadn't moved inside of her in fear of coming, but as I witnessed this lewd 
kiss, I could feel it start to boil out of my intestines, through my balls, 
and bursting inside of her. I quickly positioned my legs back to the inside of 
hers, and her legs shot straight up so that I could be as deep inside her 
vagina as possible.  The convulsions racked my body as my mouth babbled 
incoherent sounds only known by the God of Eros. Don and Cayenne were still 
making out as I passed out...
     I have no idea how long I slept.  It wasn't too long.  I remember 
dreaming about everything moving, and somehow I knew it wasn't an earthquake, 
so I felt no fear. I awoke and the bed was gently shaking.  I rolled over to 
see Cey with her lovely rump high in the air, and my friend Don behind her 
gently fucking her.  I watched for a few minutes in the dim light coming from 
the bathroom.  It's so erotic watching people you love in their mating dance, 
and I could again feel those electric mini-jolts tickling the hairs on the 
back of my neck then shooting down my spine into my shaft.
     I moved towards them, and Donald looked at me saying, "We tried not to 
wake you, but after resting for awhile I felt her tail against my crotch, and 
it was so soft and sexy I couldn't resist slipping back inside of her".
     "Yeh, she affects me like that too.  Just keep doing what your doing, I 
want to watch", I said, and moved my head under Cey's mid-section, kissing her 
nipples on the way.  I squirmed my way, head first toward the place where 
their bodies were one.  I almost came right then with nothing touching my 
cock!  Six or seven inches from my eyes, with enough light streaming from the 
bathroom to see, was his near hairless balls firmly planted against her red 
pubic hair.  He wasn't moving, just grinding in place.  
     "Ahhhh, yessss", Cayenne moaned, and a drop of juice she emitted, from 
being so turned on (some of it probably from knowing I was so close.... 
watching her every pulsation), dropped from the hairs on her snatch onto my 
face. I then felt her soft hand surrounding my dick, squeezing it in time to 
Don's resumed pumping behind her.  I was thankful she wasn't stroking me, 
because I knew I would come to soon if she did. The intense visual pleasure, 
along with one of her breast on the side of my stomach, and her hand on my 
cock, had me at the point of eruption.  I wanted to wait and feel myself 
sliding into her after Don left his seed there.
     Cey's head was moving side to side, she was moaning the sounds of a 
sexually happy woman, her hand still clasping my cock.  I couldn't see his 
face from my position, but I could tell he was watching her movements, and it 
was beginning to be too much for him.  He picked up his motion, fucking into 
her right before my eyes, and started grunting animal sounds.  His hands were 
on her waist holding her steady so he wouldn't lose himself out of her cunt.  His pistoning action became even faster.  The only other sound was the slushing rhythm their joined parts were making.
     Suddenly he stopped. "Arrrrgggghhhhh", choked out of his throat, and I 
could see his balls pumping his come inside of her. Big gobs of it began 
flowing out of her and splattering my face.  I covered my eyes with one hand 
to keep the sperm out, and with the other hand I removed Cey's hand from my 
member.  I could feel my climax approaching from all the excitement (again, I 
had plans for what I wanted to do with my hard-on, so I restrained myself).
     His dick didn't stay inside of her very long, and when it fell out, the 
liquid just poured out!  I was manipulating myself from under her and I 
noticed it running down her thigh. I quickly rose to my knees, nudged Donald 
aside, and immediately sunk my hardness all the way inside her.
     She yelled, "Oh my God, do it, do it, fuck me, Jeez, fuck me, fuck me!!!"  
as I slammed into her, rutting like an animal from behind. It felt so hot 
inside of her.  Like warm thick oil on a perfectly formed receptacle for my 
staff, sliding around me...., sweetly sliding around me....  I could feel my 
come boiling in my balls, and I was thankful that her opening was just loose 
enough to keep me from ejaculating.  And I allowed the movements to be slow 
enough to control the feeling.
     When I could stand the pressure no more, I put my legs to the outside of 
hers, allowing her pussy to squeeze me tighter, and began slapping into her 
with more speed.  Only seconds passed before I was jetting my seed into an 
already over-flowing cunt. I collapsed on her back, my cock still inside, and 
we both rolled onto our sides.  I remained hard and pulsing for what seemed an 
eternity inside of her. "Woman, you are soooo wonderful.  I feel so honored to 
be your husband, and to have the immense pleasure of your body", I told her as 
Don stood to go the the bathroom.
     "I feel so lucky to enjoy her too", he added with admiration.
     Ceyenne smiled as she chimed in saying, "I'm so lucky to have two loving 
men loving me this way, and I'm especially lucky to have a husband who doesn't 
mind me having all this pleasure.  I love you, babe...".
          Copyright @ Feb.1994 Homzin Box 50552 Eugene, Or. 97405
