
ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³                                   Welcome                                   ³
³                                     To                                      ³
³                  " The Nastiest Board in the Catskills"                     ³
³           úÄÄÄÄ°°°°°°°°Ü°°°°°°°°Ü°°°°°°°°Ü°°°°°°°°Ü°°ÜÄÄÄ°°ÜÄÄÄÄÄú          ³
³        úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄßßßßß°°Û ßß°°Ûßßß°°Ûßßß°°Û ßß°°Ûßßß°°ÛÄÄÄ°°ÛÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú       ³
³     úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ°°ÜÄÄÄ°°ÛÄÄÄ°°ÛÄÄÄ°°°°°°°°ÛÄÄÄ°°ÛÄÄÄ°°°°°°°°ÛÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú    ³
³        úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ°°ÛÄÄÄ°°ÛÄÄÄ°°ÛÄÄÄ°°Û°°°ÛßßÄÄÄ°°ÛÄÄÄÄßßßßß°°ÛÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú       ³
³           úÄÄÄÄ°°°°°°°°Û°°°°°°°°Ü°°ÛÄ°°°°ÜÄÄÄ°°ÛÄÄÄ°°°°°°°°ÛÄÄÄÄÄú          ³
³                 ßßßßßßßß ßßßßßßßß ßß ßßßßß    ßß    ßßßßßßßß                ³
³                                 SysOp: G R                                  ³
³                           Co-SysOp: Kathy Johnson                           ³
³       úÄÄÄÄ°°Ü   °°Ü°°°°°°°°Ü°°°°°°°°Ü°°Ü   °°Ü°°°°°°°°Ü°°°°°°°°ÜÄÄÄÄú      ³
³    úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ°°Û   °°Û°°Ûßßß°°Û°°Ûßßß°°Û°°Û °°Üßß°°Ûßßßßßß°°Ûßßß°°ÛÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú   ³
³  úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ°°°°°°°°Û°°°°°°°°Û°°Û      °°°°Üßß  °°°°°°°°Ü°°°°°°°°ÛÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú ³
³    úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ°°Ûßßß°°Û°°Ûßßß°°Û°°Û   °°Ü°°Ûß°°Ü  °°Ûßßßßßß°°Û°°°ÛßßÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú   ³
³       úÄÄÄÄ°°Û   °°Û°°Û   °°Û°°°°°°°°Û°°Û  ß°°Ü°°°°°°°°Ü°°Û °°°°ÜÄÄÄÄú      ³
³             ßß    ßß ßß    ßß ßßßßßßßß ßß    ßß ßßßßßßßß ßß  ßßßß           ³
³      ß Graphics Oriented ß    ß Open 24 Hours ß      ß Adults Only ß        ³
ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´
³   NODE 1 ş  (914) 796-4566 ş HST 2400 - 19200 DATA ş  Not V32 Or V32Bis  ş  ³
³   NODE 2 ş  (914) 794-5306 ş HST 1200 - 19200 DATA ş  Not V32 Or V32Bis  ş  ³
³   NODE 3 ş  (914) 794-1971 ş 2400 DATA ş (914) 794-1971,,,,,1111 for FAX ş  ³
³   NODE 4 ş  (914) 794-1971,,,,,2222 ş V32Bis/V32/V42Bis/V42 1200 - 14400 ş  ³
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

Honey  Chapters 1 - 6

 I guess I can't even remember when I wasn't horny. I have always been sexually
oriented from my earliest memories.
 I can remember from when I was about seven or eight one time that my uncle
Mark was over on a Sunday dinner to our home in West Texas and he had been
showing off about how strong he was by making me hold my arms at my sides with
my elbows stiff and he would hold onto my elbows only and raise me off the
floor.
 We had been playing like that after supper that late afternoon and for some
reason that I can't remember now, I wasn't wearing my panties.
 I used to wear cotton panties then. You know, the kind with the double thick
crotch and little elastic around the waist and the legs too.
 Like I said, I don't remember why I wasn't wearing my panties then because I
always did then, and if my mother had caught me not wearing pants she would
have blistered my bottom for sure!
 Anyway, we had been playing out on the scrubby lawn in back of the house and
it was a hot West Texas day and he had played with me by lifting me up by the
elbows several times and then he lifted me and swung me around and had me
sitting piggy back on his shoulders with my legs over his chest.
 Uncle Mark was my father's brother. My father had been killed in a railroad
accident when I was about four and I don't even remember him at all but my
uncle Mark I had always known.
 He was a big man and very brown from the Texas sun and working outdoors
reading meters for the gas company.

 My mother worked in the small town I grew up in as a waitress in a really
dingy cafe. Both my older brother Bobby Joe who had a paper route and my older
sister Edith who worked after school in the sweet shop helping out as a sales
girl and cleaned up the place were home that sunday.
 Bobby Joe must have been about fifteen then and Edith was about seventeen.
 Anyway, there I was, perched on his shoulders, my bare little pussy pressing
against his big sweaty neck in the back and me with no pants on at all and only
a cotton dress.
 It didn't take any time at all with my uncle Mark galloping around the lawn
with me on his back until I felt the very first rising of my passions. My naked
little pussy and the sliding around on his neck were enough to make me cum.
 Or at least I think I did. It is hard to remember but I think that was the
very first time I did. Nobody knew it but me. I think now when I think back
that maybe my uncle Mark knew it too because we had been playing pretty rough
and he could have easily noticed that my ass was bare when my dress flipped up.
That may even have been the reason that he put me on his back.
 I think now that he knew I didn't have any panties on and wanted to feel my
bare little hairless pussy against the back of his neck!
 Anyway, that's what I remember about the first time I think I came.

 When my dad had been killed the railroad gave my mother a pension. It wasn't
much but we weren't broke all the time and we ate good. Of course we lived
outside town and had a garden and usually had a cow and a couple of pigs and
some chickens and raised some of our own food.
 When I was ten or eleven my sister went to Austin to college and only came
home on the weekends and my brother and I lived with mom. We only had a two

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----    - 2 -

bedroom house so Bobby Joe and I shared the same bedroom with bunk beds and I
had the top one.
 My mother had the other bedroom and my uncle Mark used to stay overnight with
her in her bedroom and sometimes she had a boyfriend for a while and who ever
he was at the time would also stay overnight.
 There weren't any explanations at all and we all just accepted it that way. In
fact now that I think back on it, if we had wondered aloud about mom's
overnight guests she probably would have paddled our butts, or used a switch on
our legs. She didn't take any of our nonsense at all, ever!

 The next thing that I really remember was about that time when I was ten or
eleven and I still hadn't developed yet. I had nipples that had started to grow
and just the slightest swelling of the start of my breasts, and a covering of
soft down on my pussy but I was still a girl, not a woman.
 I think that it was around this time in my life when I started to develop an
intense interest in sex and everything connected with sex. I remember reading
books to find out what people did when they had sex and asking all my friends
what they knew about it. It was one of the topics of conversation between all
my girl friends at school and also one of the topics where a multitude of
mis-information flourished! I can't believe even now the total ignorance we had
about how men and women made love together!
 It wasn't easy to get correct information. I couldn't ask my mother and I
didn't have a father.
 One night around this time, I woke up in the top bunk of the bunk beds with
the bed shaking. I lay awake staring at the ceiling for a while wondering what
caused the shaking and then suddenly it came to me what was happening. I don't
know how I knew but I knew!
 Bobby Joe was in the lower bunk and he was jerking off his cock!
 I knew it was true without even looking. I could feel the rhythmic vibrations
of the bunk bed and hear the heavy breathing as he was jerking on his cock.
Pretty soon the vibrations were faster and faster and then the bed was still
and a deep sigh came from below me. I knew then that he had cum.
 That was exciting! Just listening to the movements and using my imagination
about what he must have been doing. I knew he read Playboy Magazine and had
some old copies in our room in the bottom drawer of his dresser. There isn't
anything you can hide from a ten year old sister!
 I dropped off to sleep with my finger caressing my pussy trying to imagine
what it would be like to have a man in there.
 During the next few weeks I was awakened several times by my brother whacking
away at night. It got so that even though I went to bed before him that the
movement of the bed would almost always wake me and I would lay there touching
myself and listening to his breathing.

 One saturday when I was cleaning our room because my mother said that if I
didn't clean the place she would restrict me to staying home all weekend, I
started looking for one of my brother's playboy magazines in his bottom drawer
and found some pictures and some stories that were written on typewriter paper
and were quite obviously carbon copies of some X-rated stories.
 It wasn't long until I was in the bathroom sitting on the toilet and reading
all of the stories and looking at the pictures too.
 The pictures were the best. Some of men and women and some of women only but
everything showed! There were pictures of men getting sucked on by a woman and

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----    - 3 -

I think that this must have been the first time I ever heard about getting
head. It was very exciting and I sat on the toilet rubbing myself and reading
stories and looking at pictures until my mother pounded on the locked bathroom
door and told me to get my room cleaned or else!
 It was when I was cleaning the mirror on my dresser with Windex that I got the
idea.
 I was looking at the mirror and I found that if I tilted it right that I could
see my brother's bed. Within minutes I had the mirror tilted slightly and after
climbing the short ladder to my bunk, found that I could look into the mirror
and see into my brother's bunk! I couldn't wait to go to bed that night!
 It was saturday night and I think my mother was shocked when even though I
could have stayed up late, I went to bed early.
 I can remember laying in my bunk, looking at my brother's empty bed and
wishing he would come to bed and whack off so I could watch. I even
experimented until I found that if I would lay on my side I could see his bunk
clearly.
 When finally I heard him coming to bed, I closed my eyes and pretended to be
fast asleep while I watched him take off his jeans and shirt and climb into bed
with his undershorts on. I saw him reach under his mattress and bring out a
small book.
 He turned on the reading light he had at the head board of his bed and started
reading. I kept watching and I could see the covers over his shorts rising into
a bump.
 I could see his hand going down to his cock under the covers and then the bed
move as he pulled his shorts off under the covers. It wasn't long before he had
the covers thrown back and I saw a male cock in full erection for the very
first time.
 My brother was about fifteen or sixteen at the time and had a pretty good
sized organ for his age and I watched him fondle and move it around as he read
his book and pretty soon he was shaking the bed again and finally I saw the cum
shoot out the bulbous end of his cock and splatter all over his stomach and
chest.
 Let me tell you, that was exciting. I think that also planted the seeds of
voyeurism in me. The idea of being able to watch and not have anyone know I was
watching has stayed with me ever since then.
 Anyway, I remember watching my brother jack off many times after that but I
always pretended to be sleeping and he never knew that I watched and liked what
I saw.

 It must have been about two years later that I saw people fucking for the
first time. I think I was about fourteen or fifteen because my brother was in
Austin at college and I had the room all to myself except when he came home on
the weekends or when my sister came to stay a day or two and used his bunk when
he wasn't home. If all three of us were there Edith and I shared the same bunk
and Bobby Joe slept in the lower bunk as always.
 My uncle Mark still came and spent the night with mom occasionally and I was
cleaning my closet when I heard them in their bedroom through the thin wall of
the closet. The house had been built during the depression and wasn't much for
insulation. The outside was clapboard and the inside was not much more than
wallpaper on cardboard I think.
 Anyway, I put my ear to the wall in my closet and I could clearly hear their
conversation even though they were talking very low.

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----    - 4 -

 Later that day I took an ice pick from the kitchen drawer and poked a hole in
the wall of my closet. Putting my eye to the hole I found that I was looking at
a coat hanging in my mother's closet of her bedroom. It didn't take me long to
offer to clean her closet too.
 She should have had a stroke with me offering to work, but she was glad that I
did. It didn't take long to re-arrange her clothes hanging on the dowel and
when I had finished cleaning her closet I had poked two more holes at different
places so that I would be able to see into her bedroom from inside my closet.
 Again I could hardly wait for evening. My uncle Mark was over for dinner and
he kept telling me how pretty and grown up I was and teasing me about
boyfriends and embarrassing me.
 I had grown up. My figure was pretty good even then. I had long hair then and
my breasts had swelled out until I was wearing a B cup bra and I had curly hair
on my pussy. I do remember that night I again went without panties and during
dinner while the three of us ate I kept putting a finger under my dress on my
pussy under the table and feeling the moistness and soft ringlets of hair. Not
really finger fucking myself at the table, but I was coming very close.
 I remember being very daring that night and I was very turned on and I do
remember twirling around once outside with my uncle Mark watching me and
knowing that my skirt went high enough so that he would know that I didn't have
my panties on. I had graduated by then to wearing nylon tricot panties but that
night I was bare as can be under my skirt.
 I even teased him and sat on his lap on the porch swing for a little while and
put my arms around him and kissed him and told him he was my favorite uncle.
That was always a joke between us because he was my only uncle.
 I even imagined that I could feel his cock swelling under my bare ass as I
squirmed on his lap, but that may have been wishful thinking of a fifteen year
old.
 Anyway, back to my story. When I went to bed about nine or so, I undressed and
put on a nightgown and peeked at the holes in my closet but the bedroom was
empty then. It was a long time, maybe an hour or so until my mother and uncle
Mark went to bed.
 I remember watching them get undressed and the getting into bed him on one
side and my mother on the other. I had my eye glued to the hole and it didn't
take long until they were kissing under the covers and rolling around a little
and before long he had thrown off the covers and was kneeling between my
mother's thighs and was fucking her like crazy. I couldn't see his cock but I
remember seeing my mother's pussy and remember how much hair she had between
her legs. I could see his balls though, swinging between my mother's spread
legs and how she would hump up at him occasionally.
 As you might have guessed by now, my finger was slipping around on my clit
like crazy and after they were done fucking and I was in bed, I masturbated
several times until I went to sleep from exhaustion. And that's a wonderful way
to drop off to sleep when you have had so much sex that you just can't keep
your eyes open anymore. It doesn't matter that I didn't have a man, it only
mattered that I came until I was exhausted and I went to sleep with visions of
sweaty bodies humping away at each other.

 I watched many times in the next two years, my mother with several of her
friends in bed. I saw most of the ways that men and women can meke love in
those steaming nights in my closet with my nightgown at my waist and my eye
glued to one of the holes in the back of the closet.

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----    - 5 -

 I had just turned sixteen about a month and I had a boyfriend who was
co-captain of the football team. That was big stuff then even though my high
school was pretty small and I was on the cheerleader squad and the assistant
editor of the school newspaper and also a member of the Beta Gamma's which was
the honor society.
 I still wore my hair long then and my figure had filled out even more. I wore
the same C cup I do now and my figure was about the same.
 I was popular in school and was still just as interested in sex as ever, even
though I was still a virgin then.
 My boyfriend's name was Tom and we were so much in love. We used to make
excuses to get out and park somewhere in his corvette and feel each other up
and kiss until our lips were sore.
 We were parked at the airport one night which was a great place because there
was never anyone there and the parking place we used to move the car to was
gravel and you could hear someone walking on it for minutes before they could
get close enough to see what we were doing. The police used to come by once in
a while but we could always either see or hear them in plenty of time to be
just sitting and waiting for an airplane to take off or land and they never
really bothered us much.
 Tom and I had been going steady for a few months and on that night he had
started to put his hand on my breasts and he asked me to take my bra off so he
could kiss them. I had let him feel me but never my bare breasts until this
night.
 I was reckless and very excited and I let him unbutton my dress and then open
my bra. I remember how long it took him to figure out the clasp at the back and
how I wouldn't help him and how long he fumbled until my bra came loose.
 It didn't take him long then to have my breasts in his hands and my nipples
must have been standing out a mile. There I was with my dress unbuttoned to the
waist, my bra hanging from my shoulders in front and my breasts quivering in
his hands. I will tell you that I was so hot I was panting when he started
sucking on my nipples.
 The feeling was wonderful. So much better that when I fondled myself that I
was in heaven.
 I was laying partly back in the bucket seat, Tom sucking away like crazy on my
breasts and I guess I just forgot what I was doing because it didn't take long
for my hand to pull the skirt of my dress up.
 I guess all that watching my mother and my uncle or one of my mother's friends
fucking in the bedroom and me with my hand in my pussy that old habits just
took over.
 Anyway, I pulled my skirt up and while Tom sucked on my breasts and fondled
them, I had my fingers under my panties and was sliding my finger up and down
my pussy when we heard a car coming and we jumped and started to button up
again.
 Tom saw that I had my finger on my pussy when we jumped.
 The police didn't even stop but just took a slow turn through the parking lot
at the airport, but I never got my brassiere fastened and I know I must have
looked funny with the stupid thing just hanging under my dress.
 While we were driving to my house later Tom told me he had seen me with my
finger in my pussy and next time we parked he wanted to have his finger in
there instead. Let me tell you I think I came right in the front seat of his
corvette when he said that. It must have been a week though until we were able

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----    - 6 -

to get into the parking lot again.
 It was a beautiful moon that night, not full but almost full.
 Very romantic!
 And I was very very hot and excited too. I wore my very best pair of panties
and I almost couldn't wait to get them pulled down.
 We had gone to a movie in town and even left before it was over to go and park
and fool around so it sure wasn't long before we were in the middle of the
gravel parking lot with the top down and Tom discovered very quickly that I had
neglected to wear a brassiere. That was the very first time in my life that I
had a male cock in my hand!
 By the time I had my dress unbuttoned and his lips sucking my breasts, I had
started getting bolder and I had my hand at the front of his levi's and felt
the big bulge there and how very hard that it was.
 Pretty soon I made him stop sucking my nipples and feeling on my breasts and I
got very bold and daring and I whispered to him.
 "Honey, I want to touch you down there. Sit back and let me."
 He was sprawled out in a second and it took me a long time to learn how to
open buttons on tight Levi's. I had one hell of a fight getting the things open
with all the pressure from below and the tight jeans too.
 I will never forget the very first time I had his cock in my hand. I had to
move my hand in unfamiliar surroundings trying to find the opening in the fly
of his jockey shorts and even finding the opening there were problems. Ever try
to bend the unbendable and get it out though an opening that was only designed
to get through when it was soft? After a while of struggling to get it out, I
finally just started tugging on his tight jeans and got them loose enough and
far enough down his legs that I could pull his shorts down and his lovely cock
just kind of jumped free.
 The thrill of having that moist cock in my hand for the first time. The
excitement of running my fingers over the length and feeling the soft skin and
the bumps and ridges and cords standing out from it. The ecstasy of moving the
skin at the top and discovering how easy it unpealed the delicious looking knob
at the end. Even in the dim light of the moon I could see a drop of slippery
juice welling out of the hole in the tip of the end of his cock and I remember
taking great delight touching and smearing that slippery juice over the head
and seeing how shiny it became with the increase of wetness.
 I used the same deft touch on his cock that I had watched my brother use on
his own cock so many times when I had watched through half closed eyes while he
had whacked off his hard cock until he sqirted his cum on his stomach.
 Tom was squirming around now, and my fingers tightly closed on his cock and
running up and down the shaft while my other hand explored the soft skin on his
hairy testicles was getting both of us so very hot that when he started moaning
and I felt his hips lift off the seat, I bent down and did what I had seen my
mother do so many times.
 I grasped his cock firmly and my lips slipped over the moist head.
 I was in heaven. He tasted warm and sultry and the pulsing of his cock
transmitted itself to my eager lips. He stiffened, his body trembled and for
the first time I felt the squirting of male cum into my eager mouth. The flavor
was divine, the amount astounding. He kept on pulsing, his cock almost
squirming between my eager hot lips and the cum cascaded from him to me. I
guess I was one of the lucky ones that discovered that swallowing hot cum the
very first time I tried was wonderful and I have never been one to spit out
what ever a nice guy was eager enough to shoot into my mouth.

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----    - 7 -

 It was like chewing into the first bite of a succulant steak and having your
mouth fill with saliva. I had the very same feeling as I felt the flooding of
his hot cum filling my eager mouth.
 He lay still as I raised and sat back on the seat. I do remember hitting my
head on the steering wheel when he came and I rubbed the spot while my other
hand held his cock, feeling it shrink and soften in my fingers like a wounded
bird. I idly moved the skin, milking him and feeling the excess fluid slowly
oozing as his cock lost it's rigidity and became soft and floppy again. It was
wonderful feeling the power that I had to change him from hard and urgent to
relaxed and dozing on the seat next to me.
 I think he slept for a few minutes while I sat there looking at the almost
full moon, skirt high on my legs, my finger toying in the moist slit between my
thighs.
 I guess a lot of girls' first experience with direct sex has been by giving a
blow job...

 CHAPTER 2

 I was still sitting there in the corvette, kind of daydreaming and running my
tongue around in my mouth and tasting the after taste of my boyfriend's cum and
trying to figure out exactly what it really did taste like. Finally I quit
trying to figure it out, it didn't matter anyway because it was a unique flavor
all it's own.
 I guess when I was daydreaming, I was kind of playing with my fingers between
my legs because when my boyfriend moved I realized that my skirt was up and my
fingers were there.
 I started to pull my skirt down when he moved his hand to the inside of my
thigh and then right onto my pussy.
 "Tom Parker, what do you think you are doing?"
 My voice tried to be indignant, when in reality it felt so good with his
fingers there that I took mine away.
 "You played with mine, now I'm going to play with yours."
 "Well, I guess that's only fair, isn't it?"
 I pretended to fight a little with him about it but the truth was if he had
tried to take his fingers away I probably would have hit him!
 I can remember how it felt for the very first time when he was moving the hair
between my spread thighs and moving his finger in just a little. I must have
been very wet because I was very excited and my breathing was hard and I was
squirming all over the place and then he touched the magic button and I came.
 I know I must have made a lot of noise when I came because I always do.
 Anyway, after that we kissed a lot and held hands and then finally Tom drove
me home.

 You'd think that we would have screwed, but you have to remember that I was
sixteen and I didn't want to get pregnant and there were lots of horror stories
going around school about girls who had gotten pregnant and ruined there lives
and stuff so I knew that I didn't want to have a baby and I was pretty cautious
about screwing.
 We did go parking a lot though!
 It got to be the same thing time after time. Tom would park and feel my
breasts and my pussy for just a little while and then he would take out his
cock and almost beg me to suck him off.

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----    - 8 -

 I would, but in time I got tired of always sucking him off and one night I
asked him to suck me off too.
 You'd have thought I had asked him to rob the Merchants Trust bank the way he
reacted!
 The long and the short of it was that he said he didn't want to, and I said he
must, and we fought until I cried and he took me home.
 We went out a few times after that but it was always the same and we would
fight and he would make me suck on his cock which I loved to do but he would
not even kiss my pussy at all so one night after a big fight I gave him back
his gold football on a chain that I had been wearing around my neck, and we
were no longer going steady.

 There were a couple of weeks that went by, and then we were friends again, but
that was all. By then I was missing not having a boyfriend and I was ready to
go steady again and I everyone at school knew that Tom and I had broken up and
before long I went out with another boy from school.
 Before a week went by we were going steady.

 It sounds funny but for the life of me I can't remember his name now, but I do
remember parking and playing with him too, and he didn't have Tom's adversion
to eating pussy at all!
 We used to really have some fun times parking at the airport and we used to
park about once a week.
 Anyway, it was about that time that Bobby Joe came home from school for the
summer and that ended my peeking through the holes in the closet at my mother
and who ever her boyfriend was at the time.

 I do remember coming home one day and the door to my bedroom was locked. I
knew Bobby Joe was in there and I snuck into my mother's room and peeked into
the holes from the other direction and watched my brother fuck his girlfriend
on the bunk bed. Her name was Alice and she lived down the street and was a
senior in high school and she was really enjoying my brother pumping his cock
between her legs.
 Anyway, I watched them until he came in her, and then I saw him get off and
wipe off his cock.
 Later that night I remember fishing in the basket and finding the cloth
covered with cum, and dipping a finger in it and tasting it with my tongue.
 It tasted about the same I guess as all cum, but I had to find out for myself.
I do realize that it was cold instead of warm so there may be some difference
in taste because of that.

 I think it must have been then that I resolved to taste every boy in my high
school class and find out what if any difference there might be in tasting.
 I did too! Well I almost did. There were two guys that I never was able to
give head to. One was going steady and all the time I was in high school he
always went with the same girl so there just was no way that I could do it with
him, and the other was a piano player in the school orchestra and even though
we went out twice and even parked once he wasn't brave enough to even kiss me
at all much less let me suck him off, so now that I think of it I think he may
have been gay or on the way, one of the two.

 Anyway, it took almost two years to go through all the boys in my high school

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----    - 9 -

class but it was a small class and there were only nineteen boys out of
twenty-one that I sucked off.
 That was about it as far as my high school adventuring went.
 I did still see my mother fucking her boyfriends and my uncle Mark too through
the holes in the closet once in a while, but she had taken to turning off the
lights in the bedroom including the little pink light on the bedside table and
it was so darn dark in there now that I couldn't see a thing anymore.
 I sometimes wonder if she knew or had discovered the holes somehow and had
decided to end my show. She didn't plug up the holes at all, but she did turn
the lights off, every time!
 That was really disappointing for me. I used to get very horny watching anyone
fuck, and I still do! It was like foreplay to me and as I would watch I would
get so horny and excited that I would play with my pussy and cum and cum and
cum.

 I guess I was born lucky as well as horny! I have heard about women that
oculdn't cum at all! I really can't believe that. But I hear that it's true! I
know I never have any trouble cumming at all, in fact sometimes I have trouble
stopping cumming!
 I know that sounds strange to some of you, but the women that read this will
know what I mean when you get so excited that even afterwards you keep on
shuddering and shaking and you can feel your insides churn and the flood of
another release. Sometimes even hours afterwards when I start thinking about
how it felt I get miniature orgasms that are great!

 Anyway, I suppose that the next part of my sexual adventures would be of
interest to you now.
 I got a job after school and during the summer in a small shop called
Johnson's TV, that fixed television sets and did radio repairs and some other
little electrical appliances in town that was run by a nice man and his son and
his wife too.
 When I started there his wife was taking all the calls and scheduling the
deliveries and pickups for repair but she wanted to be able to take a rest so
they hired me to answer the phone and work the counter in front while they
worked in back on the sets that needed repair. I only worked afternoons late
and then on Saturdays and in the summer I worked from eight to five or
sometimes later if there were lots of sets to pick up and deliver.
 Mister Johnson was usually the one who did most of the shop work for the sets
that couldn't be fixed by his son Bill at the houses that called for repair.
 Bill Johnson was a big blonde kid about four or five years older than I was. I
was sixteen so he must have been twenty or twenty one and he had a girlfriend
and later married her. I even came to the wedding and drank champagne
afterwards at the reception.

 Anyway, on with my story.
 It's hard sometimes to write all of this down. Most of it I can remember very
clearly but some of it seems to have faded away and I don't recall all of it.
 I do remember the old Chevrolet panel truck that Bill used to pick up and
deliver the TV sets.
 I also remember the first time I gave him a blow job in the front seat of that
truck.
 It was on a saturday night and we had worked late and it was about eight

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 10 -

o'clock or so when we closed and Bill offered me a ride home because the bus
stopped running at eight and it was after that time.
 He had to deliver a TV set on the way to my house and when we got to the house
we had to take the set to, I helped to take out the cart and then we pushed it
up the walk to the front door.
 It wasn't too long before we had the set hooked up and working and Bill made
out the order form for payment and got a check and we headed out to the truck
again to put the cart in the back.
 Bill unlocked the right door for me to get in. Remember those old Chevrolets
had a high step and as I stepped on to get into the door Bill put his hand on
my butt and gave me a boost up.
 In the truck and driving out to my home Bill remarked to me something under
his breath and I didn't hear him so I asked what he said.
 "I said you had a nice ass."

 He had never said anything like that to me before, and had never ever even
flirted with me, so it came as kind of a shock when he said that.
 "I didn't think you noticed." I giggled at him.
 "I noticed alright. How could I help but notice?"
 "Well, you have a nice ass too!" I did like his ass. I liked men who had broad
shoulders and slim hips and good buns and he sure had them!
 We both were laughing then as he drove. It wasn't long before he smiled over
at me.
 "Listen, you want to stop and get a hamburger at Simpson's?"
 Simpson's was a little place that had a cowboy band on saturday nights and
there was dancing and some sort of entertainment too.
 "Can I get into Simpson's? I'm sixteen."
 "Sure, no sweat! We won't be drinking anything anyway."
 Our town didn't allow drinking establishments. The whole county was dry and if
you wanted to drink you had to bring your own bottle and they provided ice and
whatever you wanted to mix your drink with. And, they charged you for it!
 "Sure, I'm hungry. Let's do it."
 We stopped before long and Bill brought his bottle in a brown paper bag in and
we sat in a corner booth and he ordered two cheeseburgers and two cokes with
ice.
 When the cheeseburgers and the cokes and ice arrived, he put his finger to his
lips, then took my coke and poured some out and under the table poured some
whiskey into my coke bottle.
 He used a glass for his drink and I drank out of the coke bottle. That was the
first time I had whiskey, and even a little didn't take long to hit me.
 Everything he said was funny and I laughed at everything and then we danced
and he held me and I held him. It was a lot of fun and then I noticed what time
it was and told him that I had to get home soon.
 He grinned and said that I should call my mom and tell her that I was helping
him and that he would bring me home later safe and sound.

 Well, to make a long story short, I called my mother and told her that I was
working very late and that Bill would bring me home when he was done. It was
easy. Also my uncle Mark was at my house so I knew they would be in bed fucking
before long and they would never even know what time I came home.
 By the time I got back to the table and told Bill what my mother had said, he
had another coke fixed for me.

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 11 -

 "Bill, did you mean it when you said before that I had a nice ass?"
 "The nicest!" he almost leered at me.
 "Well, when did you decide that?"
 "The first time I saw you bending over and getting some forms from under the
counter."
 I started laughing at his eyes. He pretended to be looking a long distance and
his eyes traveled up and down and then stopped as if he was really looking at
something. My ass I guess. Anyway it was funny.
 "Honey, are you ready?"
 "Ready for what?" I smiled at him. Flirting I suppose.
 "Ready to get out of here?"
 "Sure."
 "Let's go, bring your coke."
 It didn't take long to get into the truck and Bill gave me another boost up
and I wiggled my ass as he pushed on my butt.
 By the time he got around to the driver's seat, I had pulled my skirt up a
little to let him have a good look when he was driving. I guess the whiskey was
really working on me by then because I was not only horny but I was a little
dizzy and lightheaded and laughing and giggling too.
 I turned sideways and curled my legs up under me on the seat so that when he
climbed in the drivers seat he had a good look.
 After the engine was started and we were driving out Bill looked hard at me.
 "You have nice legs too."
 "Well so far you like my legs and my ass. What's wrong with my breasts?"
 "I don't see anything wrong with them, but I can't see them as well as I can
see your legs."
 "I bet. You can't see much of my legs now, just up to here is all."
 I smiled at him and pulled my skirt up higher flirting with him a lot. I
pulled it just high enough so that he could see that I was wearing pink panties
and then I pulled it down again.
 "Aww, you didn't have to cover it up so quick did you? I can't drive and look
at the same time because if I really look then I might wreck us."
 "Well if I keep it up too long you really will forget to look at the road!" I
giggled at him.
 "Tell you what, I know a place we can stop so I won't wreck the truck, and I
can look longer."
 I just giggled at him again, but I did pull my skirt up high enough so that he
kept sneaking little glances at me.

 It wasn't long before he pulled of on a private road to one of the out of town
ranches and we pulled into a area beneath some big trees off the little road
about a hundred feet or so. It was pretty dark when he turned off the lights
and we sat there with the engine making creaking noises.
 "Now, you can pull that skirt up again higher and let me judge if your legs
are as good as your ass is."
 I giggled, and pulled my skirt slowly up very high. It was dark in the cab of
the truck and Bill turned on the little light up high in the roof. He smiled at
me.
 "Gorgeous! And, I like the panties too!"
 "I should think you would!"
 "Well, I do. Now, come on in the back with me."
 He moved between the seats to the back, turned off the front light and turned

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 12 -

on one in the back. I went back with him and he took some of the heavy
furniture pads to use on the TV sets and layed them on the floor, sat down and
patted the pad beside him so I sat down too.
 He put his arm around me and drew me closer and kissed me very deeply. His
hand was carassing my back and then pretty soon onto my breasts too. He was
very gentle and kept squeezing my breasts until I was getting hotter and hotter
with both his kissing and his squeezing.
 I didn't object when he started to open my blouse and then he unsnapped my
brassiere in one quick flip at the back. It was then that I realized for sure
that he had surely done that many times before because he didn't fumble at all
with the catches just flipped and it came loose.
 He reached under my loose bra and started handling my breasts and I was so
very hot and horny that I reached down and felt between his legs. I was
surprised to find him soft down there.
 I kept massaging him and I could feel him grow a little but not much and I
wondered at the time why I didn't turn him on. Most of the boys that I had gone
out with were always hard when ever I felt between their legs. This was the
very first soft cock I had ever felt!
 I had watched my brother get into bed and start soft when he would masturbate
and I was pretending to be sleeping but I was really watching, but his cock
would get hard very quickly.
 I thought I could make him hard quicker if he felt between my legs so I opened
up more and reached down and pulled my skirt high. He was feeling me through my
panties and he still didn't get any harder so I asked him to pull my panties
down for me.
 He did and asked me to raise up while he got them over my hips and I did.

 He didn't even wait but he had his mouth on my pussy in a second and was
tongue fucking me until I could't help but cum. He just kept on and his tongue
was all over and in me too. I must have cum about four or five times and I was
laying back with him between my legs licking and kissing and sucking me until I
was wet from his kisses and my cum too.
 Finally he stuck his tongue so far up inside me that I screamed when I came
and it took a long time to get my breath back to normal. We just lay there then
with his arms around me and he help me for a while.
 Pretty soon I got even more curious and reached to find out that his cock was
still soft. Amazing!

 I had to get home so I told him that and I got dressed and he drove me to my
house. The lights were still on in my mother's bedroom and I got a bright idea.
 "Listen Bill, would you like to watch somebody fuck?"
 "Sure!"
 "Well can you be very quiet and sneak in my bedroom through the window and not
make any noise at all?"
 "Sure, I can do that."
 "Wait until I turn my bedroom light out and it's the one right there, then you
crawl on in the window."
 I kissed him and then ran for the back door, and sneaked into my room and
turned on the light. I stood at the window with the shade up and undressed -
for him watching me outside but I couldn't see him in the dark. When I was
naked I got a robe and put it on and then turned out the light and slid the
window open very quietly.

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 13 -

 Bill came in like he promised and there wasn't even a bit of noise because he
had left his shoes off and was barefooted.
 I put my fingers to his lips so he would know to be very quiet and I opened up
my closet door and led him in after me. I put my eye to one of the holes and
had him look into the other one.
 My uncle Mark and my mom were really doing it and the lights were on for a
change. I guess they thought that since I was not at home that no one would
hear them or something because they were snorting and laughing and making all
kinds of noises while they played.
 My uncle was laying on his back and my mother was fucking him by sliding up
and down on his cock.
 She was facing the foot of the bed and directly at us watching her. We could
even see how wet his cock was as it kept appearing and disappearing up inside
her wet pussy.
 I reached out and found that Bill was still soft, so I opened his pants and
pulled his pants and shorts down and started to suck his soft cock for him.
 It did feel differently. Then it started to grow bigger in my mouth and I
could feel the swelling as he kept on looking in the hole in my closet watching
my mother fuck my uncle's cock.
 I used my fingers on his shaft to move the smooth soft skin back and forth
while I licked at the head and that helped a lot because I could start to feel
it pulse and jump in my mouth and it got a lot bigger and thicker very quickly.
It just kept right on growing!
 Pretty soon I had it almost all the way hard, not quite but almost! I could
still bend it back and forth but it was the biggest one so far that I had ever
had in my mouth and I went down the shaft as far as I could until I could feel
the knobby end almost into my throat and his belly was against my nose.
 I could still hear a lot of noise in my mother's bedroom and the bed springs
creaking and my mother moaning too. That helped to turn me on even more and
Bill too. When I touched his balls with my fingers I found they had drawn up
and were hard against the shaft of his cock so I knew he was getting ready to
cum.
 I moved my fingers faster and faster and really sucked hard on it with my
mouth very loose around it and a lot of saliva on it to make it very slippery
and my head was bobbing like crazy when I felt it kind of jump and then swell.
 The flood of cum didn't catch me by surprise at all because I knew he was
going to shoot. I just held my mouth very still and didn't even move my tongue
on him and let him shoot his cum into my mouth. I think he even groaned a
little bit but very quietly as he kept on spurting his cum.
 He got soft very quickly and then his cock shrunk back to the regular size.
 When I swallowed and then wiped my lips with the back of my hand and stood up,
he pulled me close and kissed me in a soul kiss. I had an orgasm when he did
that.
 Well, anyway, he sneaked out the window and I went to bed and my head was
still whirling a little bit from drinking the whiskey before.
 I wondered what was going to happen at the shop now that we had played with
each other.
 CHAPTER 3

 Well that started something for sure.
 By the time I got to Mr. Johnson's TV shop the next afternoon after school
Bill came in from the back and smiled at me.

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 14 -

 "Hey, how's it going?" He whispered to me.
 "Great, and you?"
 "Good, not as good as last night, but good."
 I giggled I guess and I probably blushed too. I used to blush a lot then
whenever I got embarrassed or excited either one.
 Anyway when he walked past me from then on, he would always pat my ass if
there wasn't any customers in the shop or if his dad was in the back room and
couldn't see him do it.
 I let him. I guess I encouraged him. I mean I did have a crush on him and it
was probably a case of puppy love then but it felt good and I liked it too.
 It is always flattering to a very young girl when an older man pays attention
to her. I classed Bill as an older and much more mature man than those boys
that I had gone out with before.
 I knew he was going out with Alice Peabody and they later got married and I
went to the wedding and reception and all, but at that time I was a little
jealous of her and him. Once when I kidded him about me having to kiss him
while he watched my mother fucking before he got hard he hurt me by saying
something.
 "What do you expect. I was with Alice all afternoon that day, and I was plumb
wore out."
 Well, that hurt. Here I thought he was reall horny for me and then I find out
later that he had been fucking his girlfriend all afternoon and then I had
sucked him off.
 No wonder he wasn't hard!
 Anyway, later I told him what I thought about that.
 He begged my pardon, and said he didn't really mean to hurt me when he said
what he said but he did say he liked me a lot, a real bunch and that I could
make his cock stiff any time I just walked around.
 I giggled at that one, and from then on when nobody was there I used to pull
my skirt up and wiggle my ass at him too. He would grab at the front of his
pants and pull his cock into a fistful of meat. It was was kind of like a
private signal between us. It got so that we would even take a chance with
customers in the shop when he would be out of the customers sight but I could
still see him. He would even slowly unzip his pants and take his cock out and
wave it at me. Ususally that would give me the giggles especially when I could
see him and the customer couldn't, but sometimes the tables were turned and his
dad would be in the back and I would pull my skirt up and my pants down far
enough to let him see my pussy with my finger rubbing my clit without Mr.
Johnson seeing that.
 And that is what got me into trouble.
 See, we had this big back room with TV's and testing equipment and wires all
over the work benches and it was a mess most of the time but sometimes I would
clean up in there for them.

 One afternoon on a Saturday I was cleaning up and Bill was working on a
console model in the corner and I moved over to where he was and turned around
and pulled up my dress for him to pat my ass. He did.
 A little later I went into the bathroom and took off my panties!
 When I went back into the workroom, and turned around and pulled my dress up
Bill could see that I was bare and didn't have any panties on and he was
reaching and touching me between the legs when a deep voice scared the hell out
of me!

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 15 -

 "What in the hell do you two think you are doing?"
 It was Mr. Johnson and he had been standing there and watching me pull my
skirt up and saw his son playing with my bare pussy.
 "You, get back to fixing that TV set. And you," he pointed his finger at me,
"You get your ass into the front right now. I want to see you working out
there."
 I was really scared to death!
 What if he told my mother on me?
 I cleaned up the counter and did the bills and everything I could think of and
I was on the verge of crying all the time.
 Later, about eight o'clock, Bill left in the truck to deliver some TV's and
Mr. Johnson came into the front and told me to sit.
 "Honey, I don't know what you think you were doing in there with Bill, but you
are sixteen and he is over twenty-one. He could get in big trouble with the law
for fooling around with a sixteen year old girl."
 "Mr. Johnson, I promise it will never happen again. We were just kidding
around." I was almost crying.
 "Do you know how much trouble we could get into if anyone ever found out that
you were back there with no pants on and your skirt up high and my son's
fingers in your pussy?"
 "Yes sir, I know and I would never tell anyone at all."
 "Will you promise never to tell anyone what happens to you in the shop here?"
 "Yes sir I will promise that."
 I was really scared but I could sense that he was not going to tell my mother
and that he might even be turned on by what he had seen. I thought I would take
a chance then.
 I moved in the chair and let my legs go open just a bit. Like about three or
four inches between my knees.
 "Mr. Johnson, just because I took my panties off in the bathroom and came into
the shop with no pants on it wasn't Bill's fault. You see, we were just kidding
each other and I thought that I would shock him. I was just bending over and
pulling my skirt up over my ass and he was looking at my pussy. I really don't
see anything wrong with a boy looking at a girl's pussy if she wants him to
look. He liked to look and I liked him to look too."
 He didn't say anything but his face was pretty red.
 When I looked down, his khaki wash pants were sticking out the front so I knew
he had a big hard on and I kept right on talking because now I knew that he was
all excited too. That started to excite me.
 "He had just reached out and touched me a little on my pussy which was getting
very wet and he didn't have his finger in it where it's tight or anything like
that, he was just touching on my curly hair and the pink slit too when you
yelled at us and scared the hell out of me."
 "I didn't mean to scare you Honey, It was just a shock. Did you like the way
Bill touched your pussy?"
 "Oh yes sir I did. It felt good. It feels good when someone touches my pussy
and it also feel good if I feel a hard cock too.
 I thought his buttons would bust at that one. I could even see his cock throb
under the khaki trousers.
 He moved closer to the chair I was sitting in and I let my legs go even wider
at that.
 He was standing over me with his khaki covered hard cock about even with my
face. I mean real close.

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 16 -

 "Do you like touching cocks?" His voice was deep and low and very quiet almost
like a whisper.
 "Yes, I do," I whispered back, "and I can see yours is hard there."
 I put my hand on his cock feeling it throb under the khaki.
 He just stood there stock still, so I started unbuttoning his pants. Hardest
thing I ever did. Those buttons were difficult to get unbuttoned but I did.
 I reached in and felt for the opening in his underwear. Do you know how hard
it is to bring a cock out of that little hole in the front of underwear? It
isn't all that easy!
 Anyway, I got him out in the open!
 He was a big man. About six feet and then some and had a lot of extra weight
in his chest. That wasn't the only place he had a bunch of extra weight!
 His cock was about eight or so inches long and very fat around.
 He had a lot of skin and it covered the whole head of it.
 I moved the skin and saw this thing that looked about the size of a beet and
about the same purple color come out. It was like it just slid out of this
heavy skin at the end and it was already all shining with a wet look.
 I looked up at him and his eyes were closed and he groaned when I started to
jerk on his cock. I pulled my skirt up and put a finger on my clit and started
to suck the end of his big cock. It was really a juicy one and it started to
run just as soon as I had it in my mouth. I kept moving it and moving it and
sticking my tongue all over it and sucking at the same time.
 Well, I guess he was pretty hot anyway from thinking about my naked ass and
pussy because before I was even ready he started cuming in my mouth, a lot of
cum.
 I mean he just kept on shooting and shooting and shooting.
 It was wild. Here I was sucking and swallowing like mad and he kept on filling
me up again. Finally he stopped spurting and pulled his cock out. He wiped it
on his fingers and tucked it away as soon as he could bend it again while I
watched him and kept right on rubbing my pussy.
 Well I guess you know that started a whole new ball game (pardon the
expression) for me at work. For one thing I got a raise in pay of fifteen
dollars a week and for another thing we bought a cute little sign that said
OPEN on one side and the other side said BACK IN 5 MINUTES and it hung on the
front door attached to a suction cup. You would be surprised how often I had to
turn that sign over to the 5 minute side and lock the front door too!

 Lots of times I would just get to work after school about four o'clock and I
would turn the sign and lock the door and suck off Mr. Johnson's big cock while
Bill watched and then if the door hadn't been knocked on or rattled then I
would suck Bill off while his father watched.
 I wouldn't let either of them fuck me because they both knew that I was a
virgin back then but they would play with my pussy and sometimes eat me too.
 Well, with all that sex, I was horny and hot all the time!
 Anyway, one afternoon I was talking to Bill and we mentioned the time he had
watched my Mom fuck and how hot he got then. I said that it always made me hot
to watch people fuck too. Pretty soon I asked him if there was a way I could
watch him fuck Alice.

 It seems that Mr. Johnson and Bill had converted a garage in back of their
house for Bill when he turned twenty-one and he had his own place where he

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 17 -

lived. He told me that he and Alice fucked there so I asked if there would be a
place to hide and watch him do that.
 Well pretty soon we were both giggling and laughing at that and he said that
there was a closet that I could hide in and watch if I wanted to the next night
which I remember was a Saturday.
 After the shop closed the next day I went with Bill in the truck to his place
and he dropped me about a half a block away and I came in through the back and
he was waiting at the open door to his place for me.
 It was a tiny little place and only had one room but the kitchen was at one
side and the bathroom at the other and besides the door in, there was only the
bathroom door and a closed closet door next to the bed.
 Bill showed me the couch and said that it became a bed when you pulled on two
places. It was the first couch bed I had ever seen.
 We fooled around with the closet door and found out that it could be left
partly open and I could see the whole bed from inside the darkness and Bill
said he would make sure all the lights were off except the light by his bed
when he and Alice got it on so that I would be in the shadows in the closet. He
got a stool and put it in the closet so I wouldn't have to stand all the time.
 Bill took a shower while I just fooled around and waited and then when she
knocked at about nine o'clock I rushed to the closet trying not to giggle and I
hid there.
 I couldn't see her then but it wasn't too long before they were kissing and
hugging on the couch and Bill put his hand on her blouse and then he started
playing under her skirt with her pussy and she was feeling the front of his
pants too.
 Well, it didn't take long before they got up and pulled on some straps on the
couch and it unfolded to make a bed that already had sheets and blankets and
everything but the pillows and those came from a place behind the couch.
 They were talking all the time and she was making moaning noises too while he
made her stand up and he undressed her. I know he was doing it so I could see
them and it was making me very excited. By that time I had my skirt up and I
hadn't worn panties because I knew what was going to happen and I was fingering
my pussy and watching and trying not to breathe too loudly.
 Anyway, Bill finally got all of Alice's clothes off and then he stood up and
she started to undress him.
 She had these gorgeous breasts with nipples that hardly even showed except for
a pink part on the tips and it all blended into her breasts instead of sticking
right out like mine always did. Her whole figure was terrific and she even had
dimples on her ass. It made me wish I had dimples there.
 Anyway, she was even more beautiful without clothes than with them.
 When she pulled Bill's shorts off he already had a big stiff one standing out
so I knew he was really hot. I also knew that one of the reasons he was so hot
was that he knew I was there in his closet and watching him about to fuck
Alice.
 He made her sit on the edge of the bed and lay back and he started sucking on
her pussy. All I could see was the back of his head bobbing around between her
thighs when he was eating her out. In a few minutes she was humping her ass up
and down and really moaning and he was licking her pussy like a crazy man.
 I knew when she came because she almost came up off the bed she was flopping
around so much. Then he lay on the bed and she started sucking on him. Well,
let me tell you I was pretty wet by then. I did notice that I was a lot better
cocksucker than she was, but I had had a lot of practice lately too.

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 18 -

 Her ass was up in the air as she was sucking on his cock and I could see right
into the crevasse. She had a pink anus and pink lips on her pussy that peeked
out of her bushy blonde brush between her thighs and the way her ass was moving
around her pussy kind of stuck out and looked like it was swelled open and I
could see a lot of pink inside her. Her pink anus made me wonder if Bill had
ever fucked her there and I tried to remember to ask him later.
 Anyway there I was in that dark closet, sitting on the stool with my heels
hooked into the bars and my fingers spreading and playing with my very wet
pussy and watching Bill and Alice getting ready to get it on.

 If you are reading this and either have your cock in your hand or your finger
in your pussy rubbing at the top, then you kind of know just how hot I was then
and that was a long time ago.
 Alice kept on sucking his cock and then Bill moved to kneel behind her and
moved her so that they were sideways from me and I could see a profile of them
fucking. Alice put her hand between her thighs and took hold of his cock and it
just slid right up her pussy just like that!
 They were making lots of noise and really fucking away and he was making long
lunges into her and holding her by the hips and she was fucking back her ass
onto his cock when I saw a movement at the window over the bed.

 It was Bill's mother looking in the window at them, not close to the window
you know, but far away enough not to be seen and stll close enough to watch her
son fucking Alice. All I could see was her head looking in at the edge of the
curtains but she stayed and watched so I stayed pretty still in the closet
because I didn't know for sure if she would be able to see me watching since
she was also in the dark outside and I was in the dark inside.
 Anyway, I was scared at first but when I realized she was just getting turned
on and she was a voyeur too then I didn't care anymore and I stopped worrying.
I mean after all what could she say.
 "I was sneaking up and watching my son Bill fucking his girlfriend Alice
through his bedroom window and probably playing with my pussy too when I saw
Honey watching them too from inside his closet?" I mean really now!
 Alice had her head turned away from the closet and laying on the pillow with
her back arched down and her butt arched up and Bill's cock was going in and
out and was all wet from fucking so I took a big chance and leaned forward on
the stool pretending that I hadn't seen Ms. Johnson standing outside the window
and I wasn't looking at her but at them.
 Well, her head really moved when she saw me. She stared and I still pretended
I hadn't seen her but I pulled my skirt higher and spread my legs more and made
exagerated motions of finger fucking my pussy so she couldn't help but see me
do it.
 Pretty soon her nose was almost pressed against the glass she was so close and
she didn't know whether to stare between my legs or at her son and Alice, so
she did both. I could see her head moving so I could tell she must have been
rubbing her pussy too while she was watching all of us.
 I tell you it was really very exciting. I mean there was Bill and Alice on the
bed fucking and me in the closet with my finger on my clit and Ms. Johnson
outside watching all of us.
 Well anyway, pretty soon Bill started snorting and huffing and Alice was
moving her ass so fast that there were ripples in her ass as the skin moved and
I had my finger in circles at my clit and Bill started to pull his cock out and

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 19 -

it sprayed all over Alice's butt and back in spurts of cum that stuck to her.
 She reached back and started rubbing it into her skin and even tasted it with
one finger too. It was pretty exciting for a while there and then Bill finally
got a towel from the bathroom and wiped what was left of his cum off of her.
 Well after the action all slowed down I saw Ms. Johnson leave the window and
then Bill and Alice dressed and kissed and she left. I stayed in the closet
until we heard her car leave then I came out. I had decided that I better not
tell Bill about his mom watching in the window at all. It wouldn't do any good
and it might cause some problems but I knew now that if I ever got caught
sucking Bill or his dad at the shop by Ms. Johnson that I would not get into
trouble since I knew she was a watcher too!
 Well, Bill took me home then and I will tell you that I must have masturbated
for hours before I went to sleep. You know how it is when you read or see
something very sexy and then go to bed. All you can think about is fucking and
sucking and stuff like that.
 I had looked in the closet holes but the lights were out so either they had
already fucked or something.

 Sunday my Uncle Mark was there for breakfast so I knew that he had spent the
night and I was kidding him and anyway he said that he had a surprise for me
later in the afternoon. It turned out to be a car and it was beautiful! He had
gotten a used car and had it waxed and polished and it was wonderful. It was a
black Ford and I loved it!
 We all went out for a drive and he started to teach me to drive it. In a few
weeks I had my license and everything.
 I guess I will never forget that car!
 That's where I got my cherry popped finally!
 I was seventeen then and maybe a few months more. I was going out with Gerald
Armstrong, a boy from my class and we had already done almost everything except
fuck. I mean he had played with my pussy and licked it and I had given him a
blow job a lot of times before he fucked me.
 I really wanted it.

 I don't think any girl ever forgets the guy she gave her cherry to and I will
remember Gerald for all of my life!
 We had driven to another bigger town in my car and were at a drive in theatre
and we got so hot we just left in the middle of the second show and drove until
we found a back road leading off the highway and parked.
 It wasn't very long until he was between my legs and his cock rubbing on my
pussy and he just pushed and it went almost all the way in.
 I have heard about it hurting the first time but it didn't with me hardly at
all. I just felt stuffed and then a little stinging and his cock was all the
way inside and we just layed there quiet and I felt how good it is to have a
hard cock in my pussy.
 Pretty soon we were humping away like mad and I came more than once when his
cock started to shoot deep in my pussy. I was a strange feeling and I felt the
cum in there and the spurting too along with the throbbing of his cock. It must
be the very best feeling in the whole world!
 We fucked once more in about an hour and then I drove him to his house and
went home. I even looked at myself in the mirror to see if I looked any
different but except for a lot of color in my cheeks I looked just the same as
when I had been a virgin.

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 20 -

 I used a hand mirror to look at my pussy too, but besides being a lot pinker
and almost red, it looked exactly the same too.

 The very next thing I did was to make an appointment with our family doctor
and go in for an examination and also to get him to prescribe birth control
pills! He was such a dear and was very matter of fact with me and wrote out the
prescription without me hardly having to ask him at all.
 So anyway, there I was after my period was over. On the pill and ready again
for sex and the knowledge that I was now safe just made me more excited.

 Gerald and I went together almost three months and then we had a fight about
something and then a lot more fights about nothing and anyway we broke up.
 He was very immature anyway and it got so that all we did was fuck and never
did anything else together. It was probably all for the best because we didn't
have all that much in common except for screwing.
 Not that I didn't like the screwing, I did! But you know how it is when you
are young and horny, all you want to do is fuck and we certainly did do a lot
of that.
 By the time summer came I was out of boyfriends!

 I used to let Bill fuck my pussy then because I liked him a lot but the
problem was that with Alice and me both screwing him he was plumb wore out all
the time. I knew about her but she didn't know that I was fucking him too.
 What Bill didn't know because I never told him was that I was also screwing
his dad when he was out with the truck making service calls and his dad would
flip the little sign over and then we would go into the back room and fuck.
There wasn't a bed or anything so I would just pull my panties down and put my
arms on one of the work benches and Mr. Johnson would stick his cock in from
behind and we'd fuck like that.
 Come to think of it, we never did screw face to face! He was a great one for
sliding his cock up and down my ass while I bent over the bench wiggling all
over then his cock would slide down a little bit and usually slip right in all
the way up to the hair on his stomach.
 It usually only took a few minutes if I sucked his cock for him first and I
would be hot and so would he and he would just slip his cock in and we'd be
fucking like crazy for a few minutes and he would start shooting my pussy full
of cum. He didn't ever last all that long but he made up for it in the amount
of cum he pumped into me. He was a real fountain!
 I mean when I sucked his cock for him and he started to cum in my mouth I
would just relax my lips and feel him spurt great big spurts time after time.
Even when he was done cumming his cock would drip out these little strings of
cum that was almost clear as water!
 I was walking around the shop all the time with sopping wet panties! It was
either my cum that made them wet before I got fucked or their cum leaking out
after. It got so that I didn't know what dry panties even felt like!
 One of the things then, and now of course that always turned me on was the
thought of watching someone else fuck.

 I still watched though in the closet when my mom would get fucked and rub my
pussy. One time I came home and found them on the couch naked and her sucking

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 21 -

this guy off right in our living room I just sat down in a chair in the living
room about five feet away and watched them.
 I didn't play with my pussy in front of him but as soon as he'd cum in her
mouth and he got dressed and left my mother and I had another big fight. I told
her that I didn't like to come home and find her sucking some man's cock in my
living room and she said that it was her living room and she would suck and
fuck whoever she wanted to and when I decided that I didn't like it either I
didn't have to watch or else I could move on out!
 Well, I got so mad that I just blurted out that if I wanted to watch her fuck
someone I didn't have to stay in the living room I could go and look in my
closet!
 It didn't take long for her to march into my room and look and find the holes.
Anyway, my mother started laughing then until she had tears in her eyes.
 "Honey, you little vixen. You've been watching me right along haven't you?"
 "Yes."
 "Well I hope you learned something! I have always loved watching someone make
love and now I find that my daughter has inherited my voyeur's love too."

 Well, before the night was over we talked for hours and shared all kinds of
things. She told me about how I really hadn't been helping around the house and
keeping my room clean and that I was now a woman and I had a mature woman's
responsibilities and I should act more grown up.
 It was one of the greatest nights of my life and I think I was closer to my
mother that night than ever before. She asked me if I were a virgin and I told
her. She didn't pry at all but she did treat me like an adult about it and said
that sex was one of the healthiest and best forms of play and love combined and
that even if love wasn't there that the sex was great!
 She started laughing about the tiny holes that I had made with the icepick so
long ago and said that I would ruin my eyes using them.
 "What did you want me to do, put in a picture window?" I giggled at her.
 "Hmmm, not a bad idea. Tomorrow morning we see about that!"
 Well, the next morning we had breakfast and then my mother and I looked at the
closet and then went out to the Art Supply on Fifth and got two picture frames
with glass and then stopped at the hardware store and told the man that we
wanted to cut a hole in the plaster for a passthrough in the kitchen. We didn't
tell him it was really a window to watch people fucking. He sold us a knife and
some spackling stuff and we bought us some screws and hinges and other hardware
too.
 It didn't take us long to get home and get the stuff we bought into the
bedroom.
 We took the clothes out of both closets and put them on the bed and then cut a
hole right through the closet wall just a little smaller than the pictures we'd
bought. We screwed the hinges on the frames to the wall after filling up the
crack with the spackling stuff.
 When we were done there was a picture frame on the back wall of each closet!
But no picture.
 Each picture frame was hinged and there was a black piece of cardboard inside
the wall. If you looked at the frame and the glass it looked like a mirror but
when either frame was swung out on the hinge you could see clearly through the
other glass into the other bedroom from either side.
 It looked perfect!
 We couldn't wait to try it out.

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 22 -

 "Honey, if I bring a man home tonight would you watch us and then tell me
tomorrow what you saw that you liked?"
 "Sure. That makes me excited to think about it. Why don't you just invite
Uncle Mark over for the night? I'd like that."
 My mother laughed. "OK Honey, I'll call him. I suppose you would like to join
us?"
 "Mother! He's my uncle!" I was indignant.
 "Not really Honey. Your father and uncle Mark are step brothers. You see, your
grandfather was married twice and his first wife was married before and had
Mark. You see there is actually no relationship between the two of you, or
between me and him either. I used to go with Mark before I met and married your
father."
 "I never knew that."
 "That is why I am telling you know. In case you should ever get a case of hot
pants you know now that he's not really your real uncle."
 "Maybe someday, but not tonight. Tonight I just want to watch and then tell
you tomorrow what I liked that I saw."
 Well, we laughed a lot and had a good time and my mother told me that since we
were now such good friends that I should start calling her Cindy like her
friends did, and not mother anymore.
 It is hard to change thinking about a name, but from then on I always did call
my mother Cindy.

 Well I had to go to work and I drove the car over there thinking about all the
looking I was going to do that night and when I got to the shop my panties were
already soaking just from thinking. Isn't it amazing how excited you can get
just thinking about sex? I mean like right now, here I am typing this and here
you are reading this and I bet we are both excited, right? And it sure feels
good doesn't it!!
 I worked until nine that night and then hurried home. The house lights were
all on so they were both still up and I knew mom was waiting for me to get home
before she started. While I was driving home I was thinking about Mark and now
I didn't think about him as my uncle anymore but just as a good friend. It took
a different way of thinking but at the same time I was getting horny and hot
thinking about how someday I was going to fuck him.
 Anyway, I was also thinking about teasing him now that I knew that he wasn't
really my uncle so when I came in and said hello to them I asked mom if I could
talk to her for a minute. We went to my room and I told her that if they would
just wait for a few minutes that I wanted to come out in my nightie and say
goodnight to them and that I wanted to see if Mark would look at me like a
woman instead of a child.
 My mother giggled at that and said that instead of my nightie that I could
borrow one of hers and she went to get it.
 It was beautiful.
 It was white satin and had lace at the neck cut very low with ribbons to tie
it together and it went all the way to the floor but it had a slit in the front
clear up to the ribbons too. The only thing that held it together was the
ribbons and a pair of snaps at the waist. Very sexy!
 You know what white satin looks like. It is silky looking and shines in the
light but it is pretty thin!
 You couldn't exactly see through it but almost could. I mean you could see my
nipples of course and the triangle of hair at my pussy if I moved to make the

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 23 -

material get close to my body but if the cloth was away from me then nothing
was visible.
 Mom also got a pair of black stockings and a white garter belt and I was very
excited trying all of it on while she went back into the living room.
 Well, it sure wasn't long before I was looking at myself in the mirror and I
knew I was going to wow him. I brushed my hair and let it hang down my back and
put on some lipstick and eyeshadow too. I looked about twenty at least.
 Then I retied the ribbons a little more loose and when I bent down in front of
the mirror I could look down and see my breasts hanging down!
 I turned around and looked at my ass in the mirror. Boy, you could see the
crack in my ass all the way from my waist down to where my butt curved into my
thighs. If I moved and my ass quivered, the nightie quivered too!
 Well when I walked out I practically glided. I mean I was so smooth and fluid
when I walked that my breasts hardly even moved very much under the satin but
just a little, you know?
 I almost waltzed into the living room!
 I thought Marks eyes would pop!
 I sat across from the two of them on the couch and crossed my legs and sure
enough the satin slipped and went all the way down the slit. My black stocking
showed right up to the top and a little of me showed there too. I slowly moved
my hand and gathered up the bottom and moved it over my knees. You should have
seen his eyes just eating me up.
 My mom asked if I wanted some hot chocolate and I said that I did but that I
would fix it and Mark said he'd like some too so my mother had a glass of wine
and I went to fix two cups of hot chocolate.
 While the milk was getting ready to boil Mark came into the kitchen and talked
to me.
 "You know Honey, you really are growing up now!"
 "Well, I am seventeen and in some countries I would probably be married and
have some kids by now."
 "If you dressed like that when you went to bed with your husband you'd
probably have a lot of kids by now!"
 I giggled at him and turned to face him with my nipples and breasts against
the satin. I shook my shoulders a little so that my breasts would quiver for
him.
 "Does that mean that you like my nightie?"
 "I love your nightie!"
 I threw my arms around his neck and kissed him right there. Just when his
hands were creeping over my butt the milk boiled and almost boiled over so we
had to stop but I had felt that he was hard against me when I let him go.
 I took the two mugs of hot chocolate with us and we sat like before except
Mark was on the other end of the couch right where he was directly opposite me,
so when I gave him his chocolate mug I bent over and my bodice fell away enough
so he could see all the way and look at my breasts.
 And, he sure did!
 When I sat down I let the front of my nightie fall open at the legs and I
didn't even try to cover myself up at all. I knew Mark could see almost
everything maybe except my pussy but he sure could see a lot of my legs. Mom
winked at me and I winked back.
 Mark quite obviously had a hard on. And the way his eyes were almost eating my
pussy out it sure wasn't getting any smaller!
 Anyway after playing and teasing until I finished my chocolate I yawned and

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 24 -

stretched and said that I was really sleepy now and that I was going to bed.
When I kissed Mark I am almost sure that I felt his tongue just barely touching
my lips!
 As soon as I was in my room with the door closed I turned off all my lights
and undressed and opened the frame on my side of the closet and took out the
black cardboard. The room was still empty and dark so I put on a robe and went
into the bathroom and when I came back out and looked again they were getting
undressed.

 Mark almost ruined my whole evening when he carefully hung his shirt and pants
on a hanger and put then on the closet bar. They hung right in front of the
frame on that side and I couldn't see anything!
 I didn't know what to do. I couldn't reach though the wall and move them
because I might be seen. I finally went into the living room and looked around.
Sure enough mom's shoes were there by the couch so I took them and tapped on
their bedroom door.
 Mom opened the door and kind of hid behind it and I gave her the shoes and
whispered to her.
 "Mark's clothes are hanging in the closet so I can't see a thing!"
 Cindy giggled and nodded and closed the door.
 I grabbed a stool from the kitchen breakfast bar and headed back to my room
and sure enough now I could see everything and my mom had left both bedside
lights on too.
 Well let me tell you that was an exciting evening for sure. Since mom knew I
was watching them she kept doing outrageous things and made sure that I could
see everything too. I mean that they sucked each other and licked at everything
and fucked in several different positions and everything while I kept my pussy
busy with my fingers.
 Once she was crouched over him and he had her sitting almost on his face
licking her pussy and she was leaning down and pulling on his cock and each
time she would squeeze it until it turned red at the end and really swelled up
and she got some juice to ooze out, she would hold it and look at me looking
throught our frames and wink at me.
 Anyway, it was pretty hot stuff and I was steaming I can tell you!
 By the time they were done and turned off the lights I was so hot that I
couldn't stand it. I went to the living room and dialed Bill and whispered into
the phone.

 "Are you alone?"
 "No, who did you want to talk to?"
 I understood that Alice was there and he didn't want her to know it was me
calling and was playing like it was a wrong number.
 "Have you fucked her yet?"
 "No, and I don't know who you want to talk to but I am about to go to bed
now."
 "Would you like me to stand outside your window and watch you stick your big
cock up her pussy?"
 "Yes I would."
 "Wait about ten minutes because I am driving over to watch you through the
window."
 "Fine, you do that. Nobody here by that name."
 He hung up.

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 25 -

 I put on a pair of jeans and a shirt and got my bag and keys and slipped out
of the house and drove over to Bill's place in a hurry.
 I parked the car on the next street and went in the back way. I was walking to
the window of his place to look when I was startled by seeing a movement in
front of his window. It was Ms. Johnson again watching her son fuck Alice!
 I stood under a tree in the shadows and watched her. She had one hand inside
her skirt and was very cl intending to be
doctors after they got the premed out of the way. And they kept kidding about
giving me a free examination any time I wanted one. Especially right now when
they were running a special at no cost.
 Well I was interested in some sex too but not here in the park because there
were too many people around.

 Well, come to find out, they lived in a house in the North East section not
too far from here and they invited me for a beer because it was walking
distance and pretty soon we were walking with me holding onto an arm each and
incidently rubbing my breasts on their arms too.
 I liked it and they liked it.
 Anyway we got to the place they lived at, and it was a mess! I don't think
they ever cleaned it up. I don't mean it was dirty because it wasn't but there
were books and papers all over the place and a lot of empty beer cans too.
 They said they had a Mexican girl that cleaned for them on the weekends but
she didn't make it last weekend so the place was a mess. They did gather the
empty beer cans though and put some books that were on the couch on the floor
so there were places to sit.

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 38 -

 We talked about college and I think they thought I was also a student and I
didn't tell them any differently.
 The talk turned sexier and sexier and they were telling me just how
experienced that they were and how all the women really liked them which was a
dead givaway that they were probably virgins and hadn't had a woman yet.
 "You two are probably pulling my leg," I told them, "if I thought though that
the two of you were really that experienced then I would run."
 It didn't take long until they both admitted that they really weren't all that
experienced at all and over another beer I got both of them to admit that I was
right and they really were virgins, both of them.
 You know a lot of women never even have one, and here I had two! And I
intended to make the very most of it!
 I had them eating out of my hands in no time at all. I just kept talking about
how much fun it would be for me to really pop a couple of cherries and they
were ready to do handsprings for me if I asked them to.
 "I bet the two of you have never even seen between a girls legs, now have
you?"
 They both admitted to looking at pictures but finally said that no, they
hadn't but they would sure like to.
 "Well, since you are both almost doctors," they grinned at that one, "I guess
it would be alright if you were to examine me."
 You never saw such scurrying around and they had the dining room table cleared
off in nothing flat and a surplus army blanket folded twice for a pad and a
pillow for my head to.
 It was kind of kinky but it was getting more exciting all the time.
 "Don't real doctors always wear white?" I kidded them.
 Well, I had them so shook up that they agreed and said that they could put
sheet on and look like doctors because they would have to put a sheet over me
when the did the examination anyway and what was three more sheets?
 We had another beer each and the came back before long wearing sheets and we
did a lot of laughing at that. Then they put a chair by the table so I could
get on it and they both argued that they had to undress me on the table. I
never did find out what happened to the other sheet and they never did use it
either.
 It was getting kinkier and kinkier and more fun too.

 I lay back on the table with my head on the pillow and they finally decided
which one got to do the upper part and which one got to do the lower part and
then they would switch.
 I was really getting excited now and they got to undressing me. My blouse and
brassiere were off before they even got my shoes off, but the lower doctor took
more time and started caressing my legs at the calves and then worked up under
my skirt until I felt his hands going over the nylon between my thighs. It must
have been pretty wet by that time.
 The doctor at my breasts was doing his thing there too. Fingers first and then
he started sucking on my nipples and licking my breasts. I could feel the lower
doctor unfasten my skirt and I had to raise up to get it pulled off me, and the
same thing with my panties too.
 I must tell you that I came when he pulled my pants down.
 Anyway, between getting my breasts licked and then when the other one started
feeling around between my thighs and I opened them for him to get a closer
look, my hand just somehow found a hard cock beneath a white sheet and it

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"
     ----- THE DIRTY HACKER BBS (914)796-4566 794-5306 794-1971 -----   - 39 -

wasn't all that long until I had it out from under all that percal.
 I felt myself being pulled to the edge of the table so my ass was just resting
on the edge and I looked up to see my doctor standing between my legs with his
hard cock pounding away and throbbing and he started to move it up and down my
pussy but he had the wrong angle and I had to reach down and take hold of him
and move it about an inch lower until he started sliding inside me.
 He was having the time of his life and just got all the way inside and then
didn't move at all, just stayed there and throbbed enjoying the first pussy in
his life. I couldn't stay still and I started humping up and down and my ass
was having a ball, in fact two balls. Both rubbing at me while I moved.
 It was not too long before he started banging away and he kept holding my legs
and moving his cock until I felt it start spurting in me.
 I really went wild then.
 When he pulled it out, the other was right there, sticking it into a hot wet
pussy and I was even making wet noises with my pussy both from the cum from me
and the cum from his friend.
 That fuck didn't last long either but that was alright, it was very satisfying
anyway.
 Well after that, they did want to look closer between my thighs and I even
used my fingers so they could see more pink inside me. They were both very
curious and I did put my finger on my clit and show it to them and how to find
it and made each one do the same.
 I finally got the sheet that had been there all the time and we sat on the
couch and had the rest of our beers and I told them I would spend the night if
they wanted me to.
 We got to talking about fucking and sucking and I promised that I would give
each of them a blow job later but we did have to get something to eat sooner or
later.
 We went out to a small place together and ate and got back about sundown.
 I insisted that they clean off one bed of the books and papers and then we
went back into the living room. One of the things that I was learning was that
men like to talk about sex and it really does make them horny just like it does
me. So I insisted that they start telling me about the times that they had
almost made out and how close they got before they missed and we sat and talked
about how it felt for a man to feel his first breast and the feeling when
sinking a finger into a warm and wanting pussy.
 Anyway when both of them were about as ready as they were going to ever get, I
took them into the clean bed and there the three of us undressed each other and
then climbed into bed and I gave each one of them his first blow job, slowly
and carefully and with love.
 We slept for a while all three in the same bed and then later during the night
we made love again, one after the other until I was exhausted. We slept cuddled
up together like puppies.
 In the morning before the sun was hardly up, I called a cab and then the horn
tooted we kissed each other tenderly and I waved goodbye from the cab window
until they were out of sight.

                    "The Nastiest Board In The Catskills"


ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³                                   Welcome                                   ³
³                                     To                                      ³
³                  " The Nastiest Board in the Catskills"                     ³
³           úÄÄÄÄ°°°°°°°°Ü°°°°°°°°Ü°°°°°°°°Ü°°°°°°°°Ü°°ÜÄÄÄ°°ÜÄÄÄÄÄú          ³
³        úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄßßßßß°°Û ßß°°Ûßßß°°Ûßßß°°Û ßß°°Ûßßß°°ÛÄÄÄ°°ÛÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú       ³
³     úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ°°ÜÄÄÄ°°ÛÄÄÄ°°ÛÄÄÄ°°°°°°°°ÛÄÄÄ°°ÛÄÄÄ°°°°°°°°ÛÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú    ³
³        úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ°°ÛÄÄÄ°°ÛÄÄÄ°°ÛÄÄÄ°°Û°°°ÛßßÄÄÄ°°ÛÄÄÄÄßßßßß°°ÛÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú       ³
³           úÄÄÄÄ°°°°°°°°Û°°°°°°°°Ü°°ÛÄ°°°°ÜÄÄÄ°°ÛÄÄÄ°°°°°°°°ÛÄÄÄÄÄú          ³
³                 ßßßßßßßß ßßßßßßßß ßß ßßßßß    ßß    ßßßßßßßß                ³
³                                 SysOp: G R                                  ³
³                           Co-SysOp: Kathy Johnson                           ³
³       úÄÄÄÄ°°Ü   °°Ü°°°°°°°°Ü°°°°°°°°Ü°°Ü   °°Ü°°°°°°°°Ü°°°°°°°°ÜÄÄÄÄú      ³
³    úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ°°Û   °°Û°°Ûßßß°°Û°°Ûßßß°°Û°°Û °°Üßß°°Ûßßßßßß°°Ûßßß°°ÛÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú   ³
³  úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ°°°°°°°°Û°°°°°°°°Û°°Û      °°°°Üßß  °°°°°°°°Ü°°°°°°°°ÛÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú ³
³    úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ°°Ûßßß°°Û°°Ûßßß°°Û°°Û   °°Ü°°Ûß°°Ü  °°Ûßßßßßß°°Û°°°ÛßßÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú   ³
³       úÄÄÄÄ°°Û   °°Û°°Û   °°Û°°°°°°°°Û°°Û  ß°°Ü°°°°°°°°Ü°°Û °°°°ÜÄÄÄÄú      ³
³             ßß    ßß ßß    ßß ßßßßßßßß ßß    ßß ßßßßßßßß ßß  ßßßß           ³
³      ß Graphics Oriented ß    ß Open 24 Hours ß      ß Adults Only ß        ³
ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´
³   NODE 1 ş  (914) 796-4566 ş HST 2400 - 19200 DATA ş  Not V32 Or V32Bis  ş  ³
³   NODE 2 ş  (914) 794-5306 ş HST 1200 - 19200 DATA ş  Not V32 Or V32Bis  ş  ³
³   NODE 3 ş  (914) 794-1971 ş 2400 DATA ş (914) 794-1971,,,,,1111 for FAX ş  ³
³   NODE 4 ş  (914) 794-1971,,,,,2222 ş V32Bis/V32/V42Bis/V42 1200 - 14400 ş  ³
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
