   THE HONEYMOON


She came out of the shower wearing the complimentary hotel
robe and drying her hair.  "Richard," she called three times with no
answer.  As she continued drying her short blonde hair she walked
into the bedroom and saw a note on the bed.
                        
                        My Dear Mrs. Winslow,
  
                        Be back in a few minutes.  Went
                        down to Margarittes.
                        
                        Your loving husband,
  
                        Richard  XXXXXX

She smiled.  Margarittes was a general store that sold just about
everything, specializing in the small intricate carvings by the island
natives.  What is he buying now?    Marie Winslow!   She liked her
new nine-day old name.  She tossed the robe off and plopped naked on
the bed and rolled around in the cool sheets.  She was in love and
free!  Her strict religious upbringing in the rural farm community
seemed light years away in this tropical paradise.  Her modest and
virginal shields slowly melted away under the caring touch of her
husbands delicate hands.  She felt genuinely guilty and ashamed as
she lightly stroked the soft and sparse hairs of her blonde bush.

She jumped out of bed and put on clean cotton panties and a matching
bra.  She turned her buxom form and watched herself in the mirror,
still self  conscious with her body. She had a remarkedly good figure,
accented by and ample bossom.  Extremely modest, she always favored
clothes that hid most of her charms.   A light blue short sleeve dress
quickly covered her.  She walked about the room putting on a white
imitation pearl necklace and sat on the second floor ledge and peered
through the open window at the street below.  Margarittes was right
across the street.  She walked to the closet and slipped into her white
pumps.  She and Richard were going out to a local restaurant for an
early dinner, and then to bed!!!

She heard the distinctive "Pihm-Pahm, Pihm-Pahm" of the foreign
police "siren" in the distance.  It was getting closer.  The squeal of
braking car  tires screeched through the room.  She ran to the window
again.  Several police vehichles, including wagons,  had all pulled
in front of Margarittes and uniformed men were grabbing and clubbing
people and pushing them into the vans!!  My god! she thought what
was happening.  "OH MY GOD!!"    It was Richard!!!  She recognized
the red, white, and blue shirt!!  Two men were dragging him into the
van!

"RICHARD!!!  RICHARD!!!"  she shrieked at the top of her lungs.
She saw him look up then vanish as the van doors slammed shut and
it pulled away, lights and sirens blaring!

She grabbed her purse, ran  from the room, down the stairs and into the
street.  Panic gripped her every move.  The police had barricaded the
street.  A uniformed man told her it was a drug raid and that all
suspects were being taken to the local station.  She grabbed the nearest
cab.  "The Police Station, and please hurry!" she screamed at the driver.

At the station her passports were taken from her and she was told to
wait.  It was a hectic place.  Clearly understaffed.  People and police
talking , yelling.  She finally got an audience with a young man in a
crisp white police uniform.  He introduced himself as Officer McCoy
and explained that Margarittes had been under surveilance for quite
some time.  All those rounded up would be brought before a magistrate.
Because of the considerable political unrest that could take 4-5 weeks!
Marie begged and pleaded, explaining that they were only
honeymooners and were supposed to leave next week.  She begged to
at least see him!

Office McCoy explained that all visitors had to be searched and that
the serious staff shortage only allowed their station one matron per
month to search the female visitors. When Marie protested that she had
seen and even talked with women going to visit  the prisoners while
she waited,  the officer explained that they had signed a consent decree
to be searched by the male staff.  She demanded and signed the consent
form, desparate to see her husband.

McCoy ushered her into an adjoining room. The bright room contained
two barred cells, a table, two chairs and another white uniformed man
at an old wooden desk.  He told her his name was Ronald Mitchell
and that he would try to make this as tolerable as possible, but that
smuggled contraband was running rampant in the prison and the search
would be thorough.  Marie wrung her hands in anxiety but the man
seemed very polite.  He told her to place her hands against the wall,
lean back and spread her legs.  He used  his shoes to push her legs
farther apart and back more.   Mitchell stood behind her and she closed
her eyes as she felt his hands running through her hair.

McCoy in the meantime, raised the blinds on the one way window
and sat down to enjoy the show!  It was Ron's turn!

Ron's hands slid to the the small bare part of her back then up and down
her arms.  She shivered.  The hands went to her waist and squeezed,
then slid around and probed her abdomen over the thin material of
her dress. He pushed his fingers from just below her navel to just
under her breasts and back again from side to side.  She gasped as his
fingers like spiders climbed upwards on her torso to her breasts!
He was feeling every inch of her!

The searching hands  moved over her dress to her breasts and took
each in a handful!  She could feel his breath at the back of her neck.
He kneaded them like dough, squeezing and lifting them up and to the
sides!  He made pinchers of his fingers and stroked at her nipples!!!!
She  could feel them growing larger as he gently probed and stroked.
His touch was firm but gentle.  She could feel little squirts of arousal
between her legs!

"Please, I am hiding nothing," she whispered.  He only acknowledged
that he must be sure and continued fondling her large  breasts. He
circled the large globes and pressed at the sides,  then up through
the valley and returned to the now erect nipples!  He let his finger
pads roll at the tips till she was breathing very heavy.

The hands finally started to slide down again, all the way to the top
of her panties!  She gritted her teeth and breathed through her nose as
the hands snaked their way down between her wide stretched legs!!!

She inhaled an audible gasp as they explored her sex over the very thin
summer dress.   He was pushing hard and she could feel the pressure on
her pussy lips!! He rubbed his hand up and down the center of her slit,
then on the left leg juncture, the center, the right juncture then the
center again!  He knelt down behind her and and grasped at her ankles,
then up her calves, to her knee hollows then up under the dress to
the back of her thighs!  He slid them all the way to the leg band of
the panties then stroked the inside of the thighs.  His fingers ran
up and down the tense spread inner thigh muscles.

He was starting to lift the dress!!!!  OH GOD! she thought and
leaned her cheek against the cool wall and breathed heavily, hoping
this nightmare would go away!  She felt the hem of her dress being
lifted in back! She shuddered with embarrassment knowing he could see
her underwear.  She could feel him tucking the hem into the small cloth
belt leaving the entire back from the waist down exposed!

He used both hands to run up and down the sides of her hips over the
panties.  They moved to her ass cheeks and he started squeezing them!
He massaged and kneaded them all over from the top all the way to the
sensitive under  curve.  Mitchell was still kneeling behind her and
she could almost feel his eyes as well as his hands probing her!

She tried to grip the wall with clawed fingers as the hands started to
mould and squeeze at her cheeks.  The hands slid  up and down the crease
of her bottom, pushing the material in and rubbing at her bottom hole!!!
Then it slid to her pussy lips again from behind and started to massage
them!

She had never before  been so humiliated!  She wanted to run but was held
there.  Oh my god, she thought, she was becoming aroused!!!  She could
feel the burning in her breasts and the churning in her stomach as the
fingers  continued toying with the most sensitive parts of her being!
He was tracing her pussy lips with  three fingers over the panties!

With a sigh of relief she felt the hands leave her and the dress fall
down to its natural position.  She turned red faced and looked at the
officer with half closed eyes.

"You will have to remove the dress now," Mitchell  calmly said.

Marie's eyes went wide in disbelief!  "OH PLEASE!  HAVEN'T YOU
DONE ENOUGH?!!  YOU FELT ME ALL OVER. SURELY YOU
KNOW I AM HIDING NOTHING!!!"  she tearfully pleaded.

"I am truly sorry, Mrs. Winslow, but my orders are very strict,"
Mitchell politely lied, "It must be done or I cannot allow you any
visitation rights."

Marie put both her hands to her face and tried to compose herself.
She had to see her husband!  Mitchell hid the glee from his face as
he watched Marie start the process of removing her dress.  McCoy
watched through the window, his pants open, slowly stroking a
dandy of a hard on!  After the zipper was undone she slid the sleeves
from her shoulders and gingerly removed the dress and held it in
front of her.  Mitchell held out his hand.  She handed him the dress,
mortified at being seen in her underwear by a strange man! She turned
and looked at her reflection at what she thought was a simple mirror.

Mitchell went through the motions of holding the dress up to the light,
feeling the hem and sleeves, as if searching for something sewn in.
Marie stood with an arm over her breasts and one over her crotch.

"The bra now please, Mrs. Winslow," he said.  Marie started to sob.
"Please  dont make me do this.  What could I possibly hide in my
underwear?" she cried.  Mitchell just stood holding out his hand.

With sniffling shudders Marie reached behind her and unsnapped the
bra and with a single motion slid it from her body and handed it to
Mitchell. Her hands moved up and down trying to cover her near nakedness
from his eyes. She shook with humiliation and embarrassment.

He used his fingers to search at the seems of the flimsy
garmet then turned to her again.  "I am truly sorry, Mrs. Winslow," he
said and he pointed to her panties!  Marie was visibly crying now as
she slipped her thumbs into the waistband and pulled down the white
cotton panties. Mitchell, and McCoy from his hidden vantage point,
watched her tits hang and sway as she bent to step out of the panties.

Mitchell took them and laid them with the rest of her clothing.
For longer than necessary he just stood and watched her nude form.

"Are we finished now?" Marie  sobbed and looked pleadingly at
Mitchell.  "I am afraid not, Mrs. Winslow.  I have to do a body
cavity search, then you will get dressed and be able to see your
husband."  It took Marie awhile for the words to sink in.

"NOOOOOOOooooo, PLEASE!!!  DON'T DO THAT TO ME!!!"

Marie pleaded, and sank down to her knees and laced her fingers
together almost like praying.  "I will be very gentle Mrs. Winslow,"
Mitchell said, disguising his mannerisms.  He gently grabbed her
arm and helped her and lead her to a wooden table.  He helped her
up, sitting just on the edge and told her to lie back and raise her
knees to her chest.

She had stopped crying and stared  aimlessly at the ceiling and drew
her legs up and held them behind the knees. Even her husband had
not seen her so wantonly displayed!   Mitchell rolled over a chair
and sat down between the wide spread legs.  Marie's ass was
hanging just over the edge.   He pulled a thin silver flashlight from his
breast pocket, turned it on, then put it in his mouth.  Marie noticed the
new light source and raised her head.  She looked down the valley of her
breasts and saw Mitchell with the light in his mouth and felt his fingers
start to pull open her pussy lips!!!   She was aghast at the thought of
his looking at her private place with a flashlight no less!

Her head went back with a  thud and her mouth agape as she felt his
finger slide inside her!

He had  one hand on the top of her slit, splaying apart the lips, while
the other was probing her insides!  The thumb of his top hand rested
on her exposed clit and he was deftly rubbing it while now two fingers
of his other hand were rotating their way around her love hole!  She
was embarrassed at her arousal and could feel the fingers getting
slipperier with her own juices!

In her anxiety and humiliation, she was gripping the back of knees
tightly and further pulling them back, making herself even more lewdly
exposed.  She started to squirm and moan as the merciless fingers
continued their exploration.  The thumb nail nipped  constantly at her
clit and she could actually hear the squishy  sounds of Mitchells
fingers  turning and probing in and out!  She felt  liquid trickle  down
her ass crack!  She knew he could see it and that further humiliated
her.   She closed her eyes, and started to shake.  Mitchell sensed  she
was going over the edge and stopped!

"OK, Mrs. Winslow, roll over now.  We are almost  done," Mitchell's
voice broke her stupor.    "Ohhhhhh," she moaned and rolled over,
knowing  what was coming.     Mitchell smeared a lubricating  jel
on his index finger and Marie gripped the edge of the table with all
her might as she felt his finger at the entrance of her anus!!

"Please try and relax, Mrs. Winslow," Mitchell teased as he  eased
his finger into her rectal passage!  Marie grunted at the invasion!
He rotated his finger in deeper with each turn and Marie grunted
continuously.  He smiled as another lewd  thought  entered his mind.
"Can you please kneel up, but keep your elbows on the table,"
Mitchell so casually asked.  She did her best to rise and now felt
absolutely helpless with her ass up high in the air!

"That's a good girl, Mrs. Winsow," Mitchell chided and smiled at the
mirror.

Mitchell put the flashlight back in his mouth and began a positively
delightful double digit examination of her bottom hole!  He pulled
and stretched it wide, sliding both index fingers in side by side, then
alternating them back and forth.  She held onto the table edge for
dear life as her sex throbed and boiled at each "accidental" touch
of his thumbs on her now dripping pussy lips.  He slid his middle
finger into her rectum and his thumb into her pussy, gripping her like
a bowling ball and squeezing!!!   Her knuckles were white from gripping
the table edge so hard. The stimulation was maddening!!

As his other now free hand slipped under and started to again manipulate
her clit she started to buck back and forth on the table and go into the
convulsions of orgasm!!!!!!!

She climaxed as never before and her body raced and quivered with
pleasure as the fingers continued their expert teasings, while she
moaned, groaned, and squirmed on the table.

"All done now Mrs. Winslow," as  he laid  his hand on the small of
her back and pushed her down flat.  She just lay there, utterly exhausted
and terribly embarrassed at what just happened.  Mitchell's hand stroked
her ass and  told  her not be embarrassed that this sort of thing
sometimes happens  during these exams and it will not be mentioned
outside of this room.  She  could not believe herself when she said
"Thank You" and started to slowly get up!!!!

As she rose, Mitchell dumped the contents of her purse on his desk.
He held up a small pill box.  "What are these?" he rattled the box.
"Headache pills," Marie answered.  "Are they prescription?"
"Yes they are,"she answered again.  "Do you have the prescription
with you?" he persisted.  "No I don't.  It's at home.  I only took a few
with me," Marie answered, starting to get worried.

"We will have to have them analyzed.  In the meantime you will have
to be held here," Mitchell stated.  "WHAT!!!  YOU CAN'T DO THIS!!
THIS IS INSANE!!!  I WON'T STAND FOR IT!!!"   Marie screamed and tried
to run from the room!

With  the quickness of a cat, Mitchell grabbed her  arms and skillfully
twisted them behind her and with practised eased hand cuffed her!
She was naked with her hands cuffed behind her when McCoy came
in and demanded to know what all the comotion was about.
  
Mitchell explained.

"This  is bad, Mrs. Winslow.  Unprescribed drugs can get you three
years in prison here," McCoy lied.

Marie broke down and started to cry and babble hysterically.  The
two men lead her over to a chair and sat her down and let her
cry herself out.  They lustfully watched her breasts shake as she
sobbed.  She begged and pleaded with them to let her go.  That she
was just an innocent  tourist.  They bargained with her  that they
would destroy   the pills but that she would be punished in this room
with a mild hand spanking then released.  In her present state of
agitation, she signed the carefully worded statement, not caring to
read it.

The two men hoisted her up and bent her over the table, re-hand
cuffed from behind and started to spank her ass with their open hands.
They each held her down by grabbing a wrist then with their free
hand, alternating their blows, slapped at her cheeks over and over
again!!!     She felt the stings explode in her brain and her ass felt
like it was on fire!  Again and again the powerful hands spanked her
ass.  They sometimes stopped and explored and examined the cheeks most
rudely then  continued with the spanking till Marie was screaming for
them to stop! McCoy was probing her asshole and slid in two fingers
causing her to squirm and kick her legs out like a frog!!

She could hear them laughing at her as she squirmed and tried to kick
as McCoy continued to goose and finger her tight little ass pucker!
Her little squeaks and screams seemed to encourage them.  Mitchell was
pinching and pulling her ass cheeks wide open as McCoy teased  and
poked at her sensitive holes!  Finally, they stopped spanking and
probing her.  She tried to relax.  It was short lived.

Mitchell stepped behind her and lowered his trousers.  With a single
thrust he buried his violent erection to the hilt in her pussy from
behind.    While McCoy held her  down, Mitchell grabbed her hips and
fucked her hard and fast.  She felt his manhood sliding in and out of
her hole and felt her own  fires buring again!!  She was grunting with
each of his powerful strokes and as she heard his gasp and felt him
explode inside her,  her own  body was racked with climax.  She barely
had time to enjoy herself  when McCoy took Mitchells place and began to
probe her asshole with his erect  dick!!!

"Noooo  NOT THERE!     AAGHH!! TAKE ME IF YOU MUST
BUT I BEG OF YOU NOT THERE!!!  IT'S TOO BIG!!
NOOOOOOooooooooooooo!!!!"

Marie begged as she twisted to no avail and felt the monster
penetrate her virgin asshole!!! McCoy
held her  tight and started to work his cock back and forth.  He felt
her sphincter muscles resisting and cruelly pinched and twisted her
ass cheeks.  Marie's scream was cut off as Mitchell thrust his newly
erect cock into her mouth.  With tight fingers in her hair he fucked
her mouth while McCoy fucked her ass!!!  Both men pumelled wildly.
Marie was in shock, involuntarily responding to their assaults.
She was gagging as the head of Mitchells cock was in her throat!

She twisted and squirmed deliciously furthering their lust as both
men were quickly reaching the brink.  With their final thrusts they
almost  simultaneously erupted.  Marie  could feel the gobs of cum
splash in her mouth and she instictively swallowed for survival!

Burst after burst flooded her ass and mouth and until the two men
gradually slowed and withdrew from her.  She just lay there feeling
the cum leaking out her holes and down her legs.  Some drooled from
her agape mouth as her head rested on the table.  She felt Mitchell
uncuff her and start talking as he pulled her to a standing postion.

"You can clean up in the cell sink and get dressed now, Mrs. Winslow,"
he said in his polite voice again.  "Take this pink slip down the hall
and show it to the guard.  He will show you to your husband.  We are
writing in our report that he should be released and no charges will
be filed against either of you. Take your time.  We will leave you  now."

"Thank you," Marie said, staring vacuously straight ahead, not looking
at either of them.  They left and she started to sponge  away the
sweat, tears, and cum from her face.  I must look good for Richard
she thought........and he  will never ever   know.   Mitchell
watched her through the one way mirror and smiled as she tried to
delicately wash her over  sensitive slit.  McCoy was zooming the video
camera to close up.  "Did you get it all?" Mitchell asked McCoy.
"Every single hard-on minute!!" he replied. " Maybe we  should pay
Marie a visit next year?"  They chuckled.
