Archive-name: Bondage/honyweek.txt
Archive-author: Don-N-Honey
Archive-title: Honey of a Weekend - 1 to 8

[in 8 parts included]

MF, sorta non-consensual in beginning

This story was written collaboratively between "Don" and "Honey" with 
ourselves in the starring roles.  The point of view and voice change back 
and forth between the two.  Sorry if it's confusing for anyone.  All 
sections written by Don end with "-^^^-" and sections written by Honey end 
with  "-ooo-".  Just think of the " ^ " and "o" as abstract gender 
representative symbols.

The story builds dramatically so I recommend you read more than part 1 
before passing too much judgement.

Copyright 1993 by Don-N-Honey.  Please distribute electronically as you 
wish.  You may print one hard copy for your own personal use.  If you 
discover a way to make money off this, please let us know.  Keep this note 
with all distributions of the story.

We'd love to hear your comments, compliments, suggestions, thoughts, 
reactions, etc., etc.  Our anon addresses are:
	Don:  an9234@anon.penet.fi
	Honey: an24049@anon.penet.fi



"Honey of a Weekend" part 1 of 8


Hi!  I'm a MWM, 30ish, 130 lbs, blonde hair, blue eyes.

Maybe you enjoy reading the stories in alt.sex.stories the way I do.

I also enjoy sharing in writing small sex fantasies via email.

"Don"

				-^^^-
My reply:

Sounds interesting.  If you're still looking for people, I'm game.

I am a married white female (I assume mwm is the male counter-part...I'm
not up on the latest wanted-abbreviations) in my mid 20's around
5'4" 115lbs and "ash blonde" hair and blue eyes.

I LOVE reading erotic stories and I think co-op writing one might make them
a bit more exciting, sort of interactive.

Here we go--

A whole weekend with nothing to do.  What a feeling!  My husband was out of town
and there were no meetings, weddings, parties or other commitments.  I 
hadn't had that much time to myself since I didn't know when.  I really 
didn't know what to do.

I stopped at the market after work and bought a bottle of wine and some 
cheese.  I thought, I may be alone tonight but I'm going to enjoy it.  I 
went straight to the bathroom when I got home and began filling the bathtub 
with a hot bubble bath.  It was worth the trouble of enlarging the bathroom 
to install the sunken tub for two.  I peeled my clothes off of my tired, 
sticky body, poured myself a glass of wine, grabbed a novel and the tray of 
cheese, and stepped into the bath.

I was getting dizzy from the heat, the wine and exhaustion when I thought I 
heard a noise in my house.  Impossible.  I was alone and the door was 
locked.  I thought I heard something again.  I was sure it was just the cat.

(Feel free--take it from here or give me a new thread)

"Honey"
				-ooo-

I knocked on your door but there was no answer, I could hear water running,
that must be why you could not hear me. I was surprised to find your door
unlocked. Did you forget to lock the door?, I wondered. I was inside now
and could hear the water running, it sounded like you were filling a bathtub.
You must have really had a tough day at work to need a bath so soon. It excited
me though, it would just be a little harder to break the news. Should I wait
for you to finish? No, somehow this will work out.

I peek through the open crack in your bathroom door, and find you enjoying
a bubble bath. I can only see your beautiful face, ash blonde hair and
blue eyes, the bubbles covered everything else. I find you even more attractive
than your husband ever explained. At first you looked concerned, did you here
me coming in the door? Finally you shrug and sip your wine. I guess now is as
good a time as any. I open the door and step into your bathroom.

You scream, "WHO ARE YOU? WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?"

At the same time you fold your arms over your breasts; I could not see them
anyway.

"I'm sorry for scaring you Honey, my name is Don, I'm a very close friend of
 your husband's, and we work together." I said as fast as I could.

"WHY should I believe that, and WHY are you here anyway?" you shout.

"Your husband told me that he would be out of town for the weekend.
 He said that you would probably be lonely. He said that he always had
 a fantasy that a friend would make love to his wife while he was away.
 He suggested that I could make his fantasy come true. I have his permission",
 I said, hoping that you would not be too shocked.

"Why should I believe any of what your saying?" you ask.

"Your husband has told me a lot about your sex life and..."

You interrupt, "Like what?!"

I then go into detail, explaining many of your intimate times together.

"Your husband and I have always shared our life stories with each other.
 Are you willing to share in your own husbands fantasy?" I quiz.

You don't respond. We stare into each other eyes for several minutes.
God, you have beautiful blue eyes Honey. Blue eyes are my fav. I finally decide
to walk toward you. You continue to stare as I slowly get closer, moving your
gaze to follow me. I take the glass of wine from your hand, and slowly drink
the rest. I then kneel down next to you.

You voice quivers, "Did my husband really tell you I'm a fantastic lover?"

As our lips get closer I slowly say,

"Yes, Honey, he said you're wonderful, the best."

Our lips meet for the first time.

Your lips are warm and soft. I take your head into my hands a pull your lips
and face as close as they can be to mine. We french kiss and our tongues play
with each other. Your hair feels great in my hands as I move my fingers through
it. You start to unfold your arms and reach around my back. You pull hard and
I seem to just glide into the tub with you. My clothes are soaking wet, but
I don't even think about it. Kissing you takes me to another world Honey. I 
slowly move my arms down your back. The bubble soap makes your skin feel like 
silk.  You feel the energy from my hands as they touch you. I pull your chest to
mine and we continue to kiss. Mmmm, MMmmm

Several minutes of kissing later, I move my hands to your chest. I touch your
breasts with my hands and you shiver. I wipe the soap from your tits and
break our hot kiss. I move my hand to your back and move my tongue down your
face........, down you neck.........kiss your neck.., down your chest.......
and finally take your left nipple into my hot mouth. I move my tongue around
your nipple in a circle.

You slowly begin to moan. "Oh God, Don, that feels soooo good."

I continue to circle my tongue and lightly suck your tit, not hard, not yet.
With my right hand I slowly glide down your left side, touching your hips,
gliding between your legs, while sucking your tit.

You slowly grab my head and pull it closer to your chest.

"The other one Don...", you quiver.

I slowly move my mouth and tongue to your other breast, and start over.
My right hand finds your pussy hair and I start to play with it.
I then move my fingers to your pussy and gently touch. Your breathing keeps
getting deeper and louder. Your breasts taste great, I wonder what soap you
use. My finger parts your pussy lips and I move my left hand to touch your
left tit. I cup your left tit with my hand and slip my finger into your cunt,
and begin to slowly move it in and out, in and out....
You seem to be ready to explode, I'm enjoying you like I never imagined.

				-^^^-

This is all so incredible it's hard to believe it's really happening to me,
but God, it feels so good I KNOW it's real!

You lean down, putting your hot mouth on my breast and I feel the 
excitement all over my body.  Your finger inside me is moving faster.  You 
rub your thumb gently along my pussy lips and I shudder.  I can't last much 
longer!  Slowly you touch my clit with your thumb and that puts my over the
edge.  My whole body spasms as I cum, moaning loud, almost screaming.  

"That was incredible,"  I said.

"That was just the beginning, Honey," you respond.

"Don, if we're going to do this, let's do it right.  We'll start by getting 
you out of those wet clothes"

We both laugh at how silly you look in my bathtub still fully dressed.

"Yeah," you said.  "Guess I was a bit impatient."

"You can't take all the blame.  Once you touched me, I lost control of my 
sanity."

"Glad you enjoyed yourself.  Have any plans for the evening?  I'd really 
like to continue...all night long, if I may?"  you ask.

I start to come to my senses and realize what a strange situation I'm in.  
"But wait a minute, Don.  I don't know if I should be doing this.  Don't 
get me wrong, what you did felt _wonderful_ but I've never done anything 
like this.  I mean, I'm a married woman.  I just..."

"Shhhh," you interrupt.  "It's ok.  I understand.  Remember what I told 
you?  This is one of your husband's fantasies.  If you really don't want to 
do this, it's up to you.  But, why not?  He wants you to, I want to, and 
you know you'll enjoy it.  Trust me, you WILL enjoy it."

"I must be crazy but, I'll do it.  All I ask, though, is nothing painful 
and if I ask you to 'really stop' you respect my wishes.  I might say 
'stop' when I don't mean it so we'll use 'really stop' so we both know the 
difference.  Okay?" I ask.

"Sure thing.  I already knew about your code words.  Remember, David told 
me an awful lot about you.  Anyhow, what are we waiting for?  I have so much I 
want to share with you."

You bend down and kiss me gently with those lips...mmmm, those lips that 
are firm and soft all at the same time.  My eyes are closed and I can see 
stars.  (They say that in the movies but I really can.)  It feels so good I 
just want to melt into you, but when I do, I realize you're still in your 
wet clothes.

I stand up, letting the water roll off my warm body.  You stand up with the 
help of my hand.  I unbutton your shirt as you try to kiss my shoulders.  I 
peel the wet material from your body, ring it out, and hang it in the 
shower.  I remove the rest of your clothes the same way until we are 
standing in the tub, naked and dripping wet.  The bathroom is cooling off 
so I reach for a towel to dry you off.  That's when I notice your cock 
throbbing.  I had removed your clothes so quickly that I hadn't stopped to 
look.  You have a wonderful body!  So firm, so slender, so absolutely 
delicious--but I can't take my eyes off your cock standing out so hard and 
proud just begging to be touched.

I kneel down and you catch the towel before it hits the water still 
draining out of the tub.  I slide my hands up your wet legs gently, almost 
tickling.  You rub the towel across your chest and back then put it on my 
back, rubbing up and down lightly.  I reach for your cock and we both jump 
at the intimate touch.  Your member is hot and hard in my hand.  I run my 
fingers lightly up and down the soft skin covering the shaft and gently 
slide my finger around the ring of the head.  

I cup your balls with my left 
hand and open my mouth wide, taking in as much of your cock as I can.  So 
good.  I gently draw you in, as deep as I can take but still not your whole 
length.  I let you slide out, wet and hot.  Slowly I suck you back in, 
enjoying the feel of your cock sliding across my lips.  I reach around with 
both hands and grab your ass, pulling you in close to me.  You start to 
moan softly.  I look up and see your eyes closed and your head thrown back. 
 I keep my motions tantalizingly slow.  I move back, sliding only the head
in and out of my mouth, increasing the pressure of my suction.  My tongue 
slides up and down the slit and pokes at the hole on top.   I continue to 
take the head of your cock in my hot mouth, sucking more and more, in and 
out.  I suddenly take as much of you as I can in my mouth, then slide 
almost all the way out, then dive down again.  I increase my pace as I hear 
you moan and feel you writhing just a bit beneath my touch.

I keep going faster and faster...
				-ooo-
[2]
				-ooooo-


"Oh God this feels good Honey, you're wonderful," I say while panting.

You continue moving my hot rod in and out, in and out...

"I'm about to come Honey," I cry.

You pull my hot rock hard penis from you mouth and begin to stroke with you
fingers. I start to cum, blasting hot cum all over your beautiful face.

I see your blue eyes disappear as you close your eyes to prevent cum from
entering them. After you empty my cock, I lean down and begin to lick the
cum from your face.

You slowly exhale and say "Oh that feels so nice Don."

I continue to lick, kiss and suck your face, making sure to clean every drop
from every corner of your beautiful face. You moan with pleasure. I lick the
cum from your eye lids, cover your nose with my mouth and suck the cum off.

I finish and take your head into my hands and pull your mouth to mine.
We kiss hard, smashing our lips into each others. Our tongues play together.

You move your hands up and down my body, while I play with your tits. Mmmmmm

I break our kiss and say "Honey, let's move to your bed."

I then pick you up into my arms and you direct me to your room. Our bodies feel
great together as I carry you. You gently kiss and suck on my neck as we walk.

We enter your room, you see a picture of your husband and suddenly say,
"Don please put me down. We have to stop this, I'm married to that man".

I toss you on the bed and jump on top of you, holding down your hands with
mine.

"Honey, You're mine for the weekend. You're not going to make me tie you down 
are you?" I ask with a laugh.

"Stop Don, I mean it, stop" you cry.

We struggle and I finally get close enough to kiss you. After a few seconds of
struggle, you return with your own kiss. We begin to kiss again.
I let my body slowly drop to yours. I can feel your breasts against mine now.
Our kiss gets hotter as we struggle to get closer to each other.

I break our kiss and whisper, "I'll be right back Honey," then leave the room.
You close your eyes and rest.

Several minutes later, I return with a bottle of wine, two glasses and a
small vibrator.

Your eyes light up and you ask, "What are you going to do with that thing?"

"Patience my dear, patience," I reply.

I pour the wine for the two of us and offer you a glass. You take several
sips as I do the same. You pour a little wine on each of your tits and
say, "Come and get them."

I lay on top of you again and move my hot mouth to your waiting tits.
I slowly circle your nipples with my tongue, tasting the wine.
You shiver with delight. I turn the vibrator on and begin to message your
other nibble.

You begin to moan with pleasure as you try to decide which feels better,
my warm mouth and tongue playing with your tit, or the vibrators tickle.

"Oh God this feels great Don," you say while panting.

With my free hand, I slowly move your hand to touch your belly. I then move
your hand down to your wet pussy, and show your fingers what to do.
Your now slowly moving you fingers up and down your own pussy lips.

Your body feels the electric from your own touch and the touch from my lips
on your left tit, and the vibrator on the other.

I take a sip of wine and hold some in my mouth. I kiss you and we share the
rest. I then return to your tit for more.

I slowly move the vibrator down to your hand and you grab it.
You then slowly insert the vibrator into your hot horny cunt.

"Oh God, that feels so......," you start to say before I kiss you again.
I take the vibrator from you hand and slowly move it in and out,
in and out of your cunt. You're very wet down there. You grab my hand and
help me fuck you with the vibrator.

Just before you're about to cum, I stop. I pull the vibrator away, release our
kiss and grab your hands. "Wait Honey, wait." I beg.

"DON!" you scream.

I move my mouth down to your wet hard pussy lips and begin to lick. You can
feel the power return to your body. I continue to lick and suck your pussy
into my mouth.

"Oh God, yes, yes, oh......," you scream as you begin to cum.

I continue as if nothing has happened. My desire now is only to suck your
pussy until I die. I continue to lick with my tongue and suck your clit in
and out of my mouth. My tongue drives into your cunt from time to time.
Your body is quivering with pleasure. You grab your breasts with your own
hands and begin to squeeze. You squirm with pleasure under my hot mouth.

You begin to cum again with violent contractions. The nerves in your body are
firing wildly.

"Stop, stop, I can't take any more," you plead.

I whisper, "please hold on Honey, I love the taste of your pussy juice and want
more." I continue to use my hands on your ass to pull your pussy closer to my
mouth. Your pussy is sooo big now, I try to keep it all in my mouth.
I slow down some to help you rest. You feel a little numb from the pleasure
and continue to breath hard.

I love your pussy in my mouth. My dick is rock hard with excitement as I
attempt to bring you to orgasm again. Your body recovers and you start to feel
it coming on again.

"Oh Don, this is wonderful," you cry.

Finally, I stop and move my rock hard dick to your pussy lips.
You grab my dick and shove it into your wet pussy, I press it the rest of the
way in. You lift your head up to my chest and start to bite my left tit.

"Honey...., that feels great. Bite harder, harder, harder" I beg.

Your teeth tear at my tit as I continue to moan with pleasure.

I continue to fuck your wonderful cunt with my rock hard dick, as you continue
to eat my tits.

"Ohhhhhhh God........" I scream as I begin to shoot my cum deep inside you.
You stop bitting my tits and we begin to kiss hard. You start to cum while
I continue to shoot cum into you. Our hands pull each other as close together
as we can get, Our kiss is hot and hard. We slide between the sweat as we
smash into each other.

I continue to fuck you. You are spent and slowly lay down on the bed.
I gently suck on your tits while I continue to fuck your wonderful hole.
My sweat drips from me to you. You close your eyes, and begin to use your hands
to play with my tits.

"Don, my body feels great, what a work out," you say in a tired voice.

A few minutes later, I cum again and shoot into your limp body. I continue
to fuck you with new found energy.

"Stop please, REALLY STOP Don, I can't take another round, I need to rest,"
 You plead with a low soft voice.

I slowly stop, and lay down on your wet body. We kiss and then fall asleep
with my cock still deep inside you...

				-^^^^-

I wake up slowly.  It's dark out but still evening...maybe 10:00 or 10:30
Friday night.  I remember pretty quickly who you are and why you're here 
and smile to myself.  This has to be the wildest and most exciting thing 
I've ever done.  You're still sleeping so I have a chance to look at you
without you knowing it. 

Your eyes are closed and you look very peaceful.  Your cheekbones shape
the structure of your handsome face.  Your hair is tousled but looks good
to me.  Just can't hide a good haircut!  I run my fingers through your hair
gently.  Mmm, very soft.  I can feel your chest pressing down on my breasts
with each breath.  Feels great.  I can also feel your cock, soft now but 
still inside me.

Wait!  That gives me an idea.  Slowly I run my hands down your back.  YOu 
sigh softly but do not wake up.  Good.  I reach down and slide a finger
in the crack of your ass.  I tighten my cunt muscles around your cock and 
then release them.  Again, I squeeze your penis with the soft walls of my 
hot pussy.  You haven't woken up but I can feel a reaction.  I continue to 
lightly play with your ass, running my fingers up and down the crack and 
teasing your hole.  I squeeze you again.  I can feel the beginning of an 
erection so I continue toying with you.  I enjoy this feeling of such an 
intimate part of you "awakening" inside of me.  Just when you are fully 
erect and start to move in and out of me automatically, you open your eyes.
You look surprised and then smile.

"That's a helluva way to wake up," you say.

"Why thank you!  Thought you'd like that." I reply

"David was right, you are an incredible woman, Honey.  Oh, God, this feels 
so good."  you say

"I'm incredible?  You're the one with _another_ erection!  If that's not 
incredible, I don't know what is.  David is a wonderful lover and all but 2 
in a night is pretty much the maximum."

"Like I said, you haven't seen anything yet.  Being with you wears me out 
and energizes me at the same time.  Oh, I feel like I could do this all 
night, no--all weekend, long.  How do you do that?  I don't know what you're 
doing down there but it feels so good.  You're as warm and tight as a 
virgin but feel much better."

You stop talking as I push you over, without removing your cock, so I am on 
top.  You smile at my aggressiveness or the new position or both--I don't 
care as long as you like what we're doing.  I pull my right leg up and then 
my left until they are bent beside your ass.  I sit up, riding you slowly.  
I can feel your hard, hot self inside me.  I put my hands on your shoulders
, playfully, as if I'm holding you down.  You thrust up hard into me, 
showing me I wasn't in control as much as I thought I was.  You slide your 
hands around my back and grab my ass cheeks.  You increase the pace, making 
your stroke harder and faster.  

My hand drops back and my eyes are closed.  The feeling is so incredible I 
feel like I'm high or something but the only thing I've had is a bit of 
wine quite awhile ago.  I feel your hands on my breasts, brushing lightly 
over the nipples, bringing them to hard little nubs.  You cup my breasts in 
your hands and squeeze gently.  My head is still back and I moan and sigh 
softly.  You grab my ass cheeks again and use them as handles for pulling 
me down on top of you.  

So simple and easy but this is one of the best lovemakings I've ever 
experienced.  Just feeling you push into me and then draw out, teasing me, 
and then thrusting in again.  I can't get enough of feeling you do this.
I look at you and see beads of perspiration on your forehead.  I think 
you're getting close to coming but your stroke is still steady.  I feel one 
of your hands run up and down the crack of my ass, like I was doing to you 
earlier.  You touch the rim of my asshole and tickle the outside of it.  
Mmmmm, felt so good!  That forbidden area a stranger is touching.  No
, not a stranger, my secret lover.  

Suddenly your thrusting speeds up and becomes more fervent.  I am so 
excited I can hardly meet your pace.  Your finger pokes inside my back door 
sending a rush of feelings all over me.  I start to shake and spasm as you 
let loose your hot cum inside me.  You are thrusting and thrusting, filling 
me with more than I knew possible and i feel you finger in my ass sending 
chills of pleasure through me.  Finally, I collapse on you.

I'm exhausted, but you seem to be just waking up.

				-ooooo-
[3]
				-ooo-

I throw my arms around your limp body and continue to pump my still hard
dick into you. I want you to cum Honey. I pull you as close to me as possible,
My lips find yours and we start to kiss. Every time feels like the first,
I never grow tired of your lips, your mouth, your hot tongue in my mouth.
"mmmmmmm," you moan as I continue to work you to orgasm. I move my hand down
to your ass cheeks, they feel so good, firm yet soft. I grab them and use my
hands to push you into me, to allow my hot rod to enter you as far as it
can go.

"Oh God Don, I'm about to cum," you cry after breaking our kiss.

"Oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooohhhhhh," you moan as I continue to fuck
you. You start to explode to orgasm and your body quivers and contracts.
I can feel your pussy contractions around my dick and it feels soooo good.
I get closer and closer after each contraction until finally, cum once again
bursts from my body into yours. I slow down, slower, and whisper in your ear,
"Oh Honey, you feel so good baby,"

We lay there for a few minutes, you on top, with me still inside you.

"Don, I'm hungry," you say. "For food," you clarify.

"Me too, let's get dressed," I suggest.

"I'm sticky, I can't bare to put clothes on now, let's take a quick shower
first, OK?" you ask.

"Let's do it"

We walk to the bathroom, holding hands, and you turn on the shower.
After you put on a shower cap, we step in and you pick up a bar of soap.
I take it from you and softly say "Wait....., please allow me."

I lather up my hands and slowly put them around your neck. I slide my hands
back and forth along the sides of your hot neck. I then move them down to your
shoulders and begin to massage them. "Ooooooo that feels great Don,"
you say as you close your eyes. I continue to move my hands around your
shoulders while massaging them. I press hard where you need it most.
I lather up again and move my hands to your upper arms.
I move down your arm and take your hands in mine. I wash your hands and then
move back up your arm, making sure not to miss any part.

Up and down, up and down, just to make sure, while pressing your arms into
your body and up against your tits. I can see your head drop back a little
as you take in the feeling of pleasure. I lather up again and then move up
your arms will raising them. I plant my hands under your arms and wash your
arm pits. "That tickles," you laugh as your body moves to protect itself.
I finish the job and lather up again. I place my hands on the front
of your neck and slowly move them down to your upper chest. I circle your
upper chest leaving behind soap lather and finally move down to your breasts.
I begin to slowly circle your tits with my hands, the soap lather grows.
You jump a little as you feel my lips against yours, then you suck our mouths
together. We continue to kiss while I circle your tits. You shiver every time
I touch your nipples. I then move my hands down to your belly and leave
plenty of lather behind. We continue to kiss. mmmmmmmm....mmmmmmm is all that
can be heard. I lather my hands again and place them on your upper back.

I slowly move my hands down your back while pulling you into me.
You throw your arms around me and we embrace. Our bodies glide between the
soap, God this feels great Honey. We continue to wiggle and pull at each other
while kissing. I move my soapy hands down to your ass cheeks and squeeze them;
oh so soft. My heart races with excitement, I can't believe how wonderful you
feel. I pull your ass cheeks apart and move my hand in between, and then out
again. I break our kiss and hear you panting. I lather up again and place one
hand on your ass, the other on the top of your pussy hair. I slowly begin to
kneel, while I do, I slowly move my hands down and under you to meet in the
middle. My left hand is caught in between your ass cheeks and the other is
planted on your pussy. It's soapy down there, real soapy. I continue to move
my hands in and out from under your body, moving between your pussy lips and
ass checks.
I press harder and harder upward until I can feel both each hole with my arms.
Your pussy hair gently scratches my arms.

"Oh God Don, you`re going to kill me if you keep that up," you scream.

I slowly stop and lather up again. I start where I left off but then move
my hands slowly down your legs. God I love legs, I love yours. I continue to
move my hands up and down your legs. Hungrily touching every part many times.

"AAAHHHHHHHH, Don!!!," you cry out. I stop and get up. My mouth races to
your mouth and we kiss hard and long. I let your body cool down while we kiss.
Our hearts are still racing but I think we'll be OK. I slowly pull away from
our kiss and softly whisper, "Honey, would you mind washing me now?"

				-^^^-
I take the bar of soap eagerly.  I love the thought of washing you--taking 
care of the man who has brought me such wonderful new found pleasure.  I 
pick of the soap and spin it between my hands gathering lather.  I set the 
bar down and turn to you.  I give you a soft kiss on the lips and reach for 
your left arm.  

Starting with the shoulders I glide my hands down the 
length of your arm softly then I go down your arm again massaging it in a 
slippery way.  I lift up your arm and rub lather into your underarm hair.  
Your eyes are closed and you look like a cat with a belly full of milk--
very satisfied.  I do your right arm the same way, starting lightly and 
then growing firm.  

I get more soap and rub the lather all over your chest. 
 Mmmmmm, what a chest!  I've always loved a man with a firm chest and yours 
is just right.  I tickle your nipples with my fingertips and it brings a 
smile to your face, but your eyes are still closed.  I rub my hands down 
across your stomach, sliding around like my hand is skating on you.  I 
giggle at the thought.  Your small love handles are shiny with soap.  
Your belly button is full of soap and when you exhale, a bubble is formed 
there.  You look so sexy!  

I pull on you to signal you to turn around.  You do, allowing the soap to 
rinse off your front.  I start without the soap and massage your shoulders 
very deeply.  I massage your entire back, pulling and pushing hard into 
your muscles.  I pick up the soap and slide the bar in swoops around your 
back, then set the bar down and rub all over.  I move one finger on your 
back.  "What are you doing?" you ask.

"See if you can figure it out."  I said.

I do it again.  You laugh.  "I get it.  D + H, right?" you say.

"You've got it!"  It was corny but you enjoyed it and so did I.

I pick up the bottle of shampoo and conditioner in one and pour some out, 
cautiously, reminding myself that I have much longer hair than you do.  I 
massage it into your scalp making sure your skin feels tingly as well as 
your hair feels clean.  All so innocent but feels so good.

You turn around and lean back and rinse your own hair while I lick your 
nipples, teasing them into erection.  I grab the soap 
again.  I kneel in the bathtub and wash each of your muscular legs, being 
careful not to touch very close to your crotch.  I wash each toe 
individually as you lift your foot for me.  

I soap up again and reach behind you, sliding my hands around on your ass 
cheeks.  With the soap as a lubricant, my hand easily slips into your crack 
and I slide it up and down, enjoying your reaction.  Finally, I cup your 
balls in my hand and feel the shiver run through your body. Carefully, I 
wash each one tenderly.  I lather up your pubic hair all around your balls 
and your shaft but still not touching your hot dick which is again hard in 
front of my face.  I massage your soapy testicles and rub my hands up and 
down your inner thighs then the crack of your ass creating anticipation.
Just when you think I'll never finish the job, I put my mouth over the head 
of your penis, and draw you in.  I suck hard, careful not to let my teeth 
touch you, enjoying the feel of your cock throbbing in my mouth.

*Moan*  "Oh, this feels so good.  Ugn.  Stop, please Honey, really stop.  I 
have so much I want to do with you but let's wait.  Oh, I can't stand this 
if you continue.  You make me want to cum just by looking at you, and now 
when you do this!" you say.

"You said really stop so I guess I have to give in but that has to be the 
first time a man has ever asked me to stop doing that." I grin.

"Don't ever expect ME to turn down an offer again!" you say.

I carefully finish cleaning your penis in a caring, but not very 
stimulating way and help you rinse off.  We turn the shower off and grab 
towels and turn to towel each other off.  We laugh when we realize that 
won't work very well.  My stomach rumbles loud enough for both of us to 
hear.  I am so embarrassed but that's our cue to dry off and go get 
something to eat.

I suggest getting take out or calling for a pizza but you tell me you think 
both of our bodies need to rest.  In other words, we need to get out of the 
house.

We went to a fun, medium-priced restaurant with a wide variety on the menu. 
 Our booth was quite private and we made some jokes about taking advantage 
of that.  I ordered a Mexican dish, as I always do when I'm that hungry.  
You have some sort of a chicken something.  I am still so caught up in the 
strange excitement of our activities that I'm not thinking very straight.  
We make small talk during dinner, enjoying the conversation but not really 
learning an awful lot about each other.  Actually, now that I think about 
it, you're initiating most of the conversation and a lot of it is about 
things you already know about me.  I find this very exciting.  It's kind of 
like someone has secretly cared about me for a long time.  I slip my flat 
shoe off under the table and rub your ankle.  You smile, but don't break in 
the conversation.  We share a few kisses in the restaurant but behave 
ourselves pretty well.

We return to my house.  There's a message on the answering machine.  I 
hesitate, then press play.  

"Hi, Honey.  The conference is going well.  I'm calling, because, well, I 
hope you're having a good time sweetheart.  I really do.  I can't wait to 
hear all about it when I return.  Have fun.  I love you, Honey.  I really 
love you."

Tears spring to my eyes from the love and support those words gave me.  He 
really did want all of this for me.  I really do deserve to relax and enjoy 
this.  I really better pay more attention!  You are kissing the back of my 
neck and reaching for my left breast with one hand and my hot (again) cunt 
with the other hand.

"Let's go to bed" you tell me.

We go upstairs to the bedroom.  I start to remove my clothes but you stop 
me and do the job yourself.  I remove your clothes as quickly.  You pull 
the comforter, blankets and sheets back leaving the bed with only the 
bottom sheet on it.  Looks like a nice wide play area.  Glad we have a king
-sized bed, I think to myself.

You pick me up and gently lay me down on it.  

You reach into a bag that I didn't notice before.  You pull out some soft 
cotton straps.  "Trust me," you say.

You wrap a strap around my left ankle and tie it to the foot of the bed.  
You pull my right leg until I am spread wide, then tie that foot to the bed
  I'm getting pretty nervous.  

"Don, please don't tie my hands, ok?"

"No problem.  I just want to make sure those luscious legs won't get in my 
way."  

You kneel on the floor at the foot of the bed and lean over.  I can feel 
your hot breath on my pussy but can't feel your touch.  I start to wiggle 
and hump my buttocks up but I find much of my movement is restricted by the 
ties.  You move in deeper and gently lap at my thighs. 

"Pay back time for the shower-tease!"

My thighs are tingling and it feels great but it's not really want I want.  
I shift my ass down so my pussy is in your face.

"Don't do that, Miss Honey, or I'll have to tie your arms to.  YOu've got 
to behave yourself."

You reach your hands under my ass cheeks.  You lick the place between my 
asshole and my vagina.  I want you so bad now.  Slowly you run your tongue 
along my labia.  I'm thrashing, sort of.  My frustrated movements are 
exciting me more.  I don't know if I've ever wanted anything so much as 
I wanted your tongue on my clit right then.  I am moaning furiously.  My 
hands are grabbing the pillow on either side of my head.  I feel you touch
your tongue to the opening of my cunt.  I start panting and 
gasping.  You poke your tongue into my opening and then lick my labia and 
then my thighs, then my opening again. 

"Give it to me dammit!"  I exclaim, shocking both of us.

"Please, Don.  I'm begging you.  Make me cum.  Make me cum with your tongue
  Oh please.  David doesn't like to do this so I don't get it very much.  
Please, please please!  I need you to release me!"

"I know," you mumble quietly, then touch my clit with your tongue.  As soon 
as I feel your touch I start to thrash uncontrollably and moan and scream.  
Your tongue is licking and circling and teasing my clit and I cum, oozing 
my pussy juices, screaming.  I keep cumming and cumming.  I have absolutely 
never felt this way.  Tears are running down my cheeks as my body slowly 
stops spasming.  You aren't done.  You continue to lap at my cunt until 
there is no more messy wetness down there.  I'm as clean as when I got out 
of the shower.

You climb up on the bed beside me.  I don't even know what to say.  You run 
your hand from my pubic hair, up my breast bone to my chin and lift it.  
You see the wetness on my cheeks.  You touch a tear that's still rolling 
and bring it to your lips.

"Are you ok?  Did you like that?" you ask, not as sure of yourself as you 
were.

"Don, that was the most wonderful thing anyone has ever done for me.  I 
just don't know how to say thank you.  I mean it.  I (*shiver*) have never 
felt like this.  I feel so happy and like I'm on a cotton candy cloud or 
something.  How did you know?"  I say.

"Know what?  That you'd like it?  Every woman does but I knew you were 
'deprived' so I thought I'd give you a special treat.  Besides, I _love_ 
doing it."

"My pussy is still throbbing.  I want to make love to you.  I need to do 
something for you.  Please."

"No, I don't think we'll make love right now, we'd just have to shower 
again.  Seems like we keep winding up in your bathtub.  I do know something 
else you've never tried but I think you'd enjoy."

"What?" I ask eagerly.

"How about a 'titty-fuck' with a head job?"

"I don't have huge boobs, I'm not sure..."

"Take it easy, Honey.  You worry too much.  Your breasts are beautiful.  
Let me untie you first though."

You climb off the bed and untie my ankles.  They don't hurt really, but I 
rub them a bit anyway while you reach into your bag again.  You pull out 
some lubricant called "Slippery Stuff" or something like that.  You pour 
some into your hands, warming it, then put it on my breasts liberally.  I 
love the feel of your hands as they slide all over my breasts.  You put the 
bottle down and straddle my chest.  Your hard cock lays down in between my 
breasts.  YOu take my hands and place them on my tits and push my hands 
until my tits are pushed together around your cock.  You let go and I hold 
my breasts there enjoying the feeling of you in between them.  

"I'll go slowly, but I know I won't last long.  Not after watching you 
orgasm like that!"

You slide in and out between my breasts.  I move my hands slightly so my 
fingers also rub against your cock.  I notice your cock head comes 
awfully close to my face.  I realize you said titty-fuck AND head job.  I 
tuck my chin a bit and open my mouth.  The head of your prick slides in and 
out easily.  Wow.  This was kinda neat.  You reach back and bunch the 
pillow behind my head so my head is naturally in a better position to do 
this.  Slip in and out.  I taste your maleness and it tastes good to me.  
You move faster, my breasts becoming hotter.  I now suck on your head every 
time it enters my mouth.  Feels sooooooo good.  

"Please Don, come in my mouth.  I want to taste you.  Give me your load."

"I am.  I aaaam cumming, Honey.  Ugn.  I am cumming, NOW"

Suddenly my mouth is full of hot cum and I am swallowing as fast as I can, 
eagerly drinking all of your jism.  I don't know how you could still have 
so much inside you after our earlier action.  Now I know why you insisted 
on resting.  I sucked the length of your penis in my mouth and licked it 
clean.  You taste great.

You walk into the bathroom and I wonder what you have up your sleeve now, 
nut you come back carrying a warm wet washcloth.

"I didn't want you to go to sleep with that stuff on your chest." you say.

You wipe my chest carefully and toss the washcloth onto the clothes hamper. 
 
"Now, we're both clean and ready for bed." you say.

"I need a bed time story," I tease.

"Honey, I think you've had a bedtime story!" you retort.  "Besides, you 
need to get some sleep.  You're going to have fun this weekend."

I thought you were right but wondered how you could be so sure.  Things 
that happen THIS spontaneously could go wrong as easily as they could go 
right.  Besides, NOTHING could top the fun we've already had.

I don't know what time we fell asleep but it had to be midnight or one or 
so.

				-ooo-
[4]
				-ooo-

I really enjoyed watching you sleep last night. You looked so peaceful, and
I wondered what you might be dreaming about.

It was very early Saturday morning but we needed to get an early start.
I started to kiss your beautiful face to try to get you up. No luck. I
continued to kiss and slowly moved to your lips. You returned my kiss and
started to moan. Suddenly, you awoke and for a moment looked startled.
A few seconds later you smiled at me. "God Don, I was dreaming about you
kissing me and all of a sudden it came true," you panted as your heart was
still racing a little. "I'm sorry Honey, I didn't mean to scare you."

You pulled me on top of you and started a hot kiss, Mmmmmmm, mmmmmm.
A couple minutes later, I had to break our kiss. "Honey, we need get going,"
I said. "What...what time is it, go where?" You asked softly.
"It's 5AM, I have a great day planed for us but we need to leave now." I
begged. "I'm so tired, I havn't even had a chance to recover from yesterday"
you complained. "You'll have time to sleep once we get going. Put on some
shorts and a shirt, clean up a little and off we go. I know you don't need
a shower." I said. We laughed about the shower comment, and you got up and
started to get ready. "I'm still not sure what to wear." You say.
"Wear something comfortable, something you can sleep for a couple hours."
You pick out a nice pair of shorts and shirt and head for the bathroom.
Several minutes later you come out ready to go. "Great Honey, let's go" I
say with a smile.

You're still a little sleepy and appear to be sleep walking. We get to my car
and hop in. You rest your head on my shoulder as we drive and fall asleep.

"Honey...Honey...wake up Honey," you finally hear me say. As you open your
eyes you're startled to find yourself at the airport. I begin to get out
and say "Let's go Honey, the plane is waiting just for us." You slowly get
out of the car and see me heading for a man next to the lear jet. You slowly
walk over to us. The man says, "Your luggage ma'am" and offers you a large
bag. You look to me and say "Don, what is this?"

I reply, "We didn't have time to pack so I ordered everything that you'll
need for the day."

"What if the stuff doesn't fit?" You ask.

I replied by listing all of your sizes. A moment later you remember that your
husband has told me a lot about you, a lot.

"Don, I don't know if I should be doing this," You reply.

"Honey, we'll be back by Sunday night, I promise. You're husband is going to 
 love hearing about this, trust me babe, I wouldn't do anything to hurt you."

"OK, what the hell, how much more trouble can I possibly get into anyway?"
 you say with a smile. You finally take the bag from the stranger and say
"Thank You."

We finally head for the small lear jet.

"Let me take the bag for you honey. Go ahead a climb up first, I'll be right
 behind you."

You hand over the bag and climb up the stairs. When you get in the door,
you see how wonderful it is inside. The inside looks more like a living room
than a plane. As I walk behind you, you continue to move and head for one
of the seats to the right.

"No Honey, not yet, take a left and head forward." I say.

You stand there looking puzzled. I say "Follow me babe."

You follow me to the front, I enter the cock pit door and sit at the pilot
seat. I wave you in and say "Honey, have a seat next to me here."

You still look surprised but finally sit in the co-pilot seat. I then strap
you in and plant a big wet kiss on your beautiful sexy lips.

"Are you really going to fly this thing Don?" You ask.

"Sure, someone needs to," I reply with a laugh.

Several minutes go by as I prepare and go through the pre-flight check list.
You're now having fun watching and ask a lot of questions which I love to
answer.

We finally get clearance to taxi, start the engines and begin down the
taxi way. We're next in line, the light down the runway look pretty through
the front window.

"Here we go..." I say as I slowly move the throttle. We race down the runway
and left off half way down.

"Wow, this thing is fast," you remark.

"She sure is, it won't take us long to get there." I reply.

"Where?" you ask.

"I want to surprise you Honey, don't worry, it's somewhere fun." I say.

I roll the plane to the right so you can see the city lights disappear under
us. We continue to chat about the plane's controls.

15 minutes later I say, "OK Honey, we're going to cruise at this altitude
for a few hours, If you want to sleep, one of the love seats back there folds
out to a small bed. You'll also find blankets up top. Oh and don't forget
to strap yourself in, I don't want to have to scrap you from the ceiling if
something happens."

"OK, but please wake me before we land." You say.

"OK, sweet dreams Honey."

You're beautiful body disappears from my sight as you walk away to slumber.

about 4 hours later you finally wake up. You smell something good, food,
and see me setting a small table.

I see you getting up and before you get concerned I say, "Hi sleepy head,
don't worry, I've got the plane on auto pilot. How about some food for your
tummy Honey."

You slowly get up and head for the table. We kiss and I pull out a chair for
you.

You begin to wake up more as you eat. I can't stop staring at your beautiful
blue eyes. God I love your blue eyes. We talk about food while we eat, you tell
me all about your favorite foods.

We finish eating and clear the table. We play around by brushing up against
each other and kissing while we work.

"Well, we better get this bird on the ground, it's about that time Honey."
I say.

We both walk hand in hand to the cock pit. I strap you in again, and proceed
to take the plane down.

As we get farther down, you see the islands in front of us.
You remark about how beautiful the island is, Kaui in the Hawaiian Islands.

We land at the small airport and slowly taxi to a stop.

"OK Honey, let's grab our bags and get out of here." I say.

We grab our bags and walk down the stairs. A limo is waiting for us, we get
in after the bags are taken care of.

Inside I offer you some bubbly. We continue to sip while watching the
sights go by. We finish our first glass and embrace in a hot passionate kiss.
I rub my hands up and down your beautiful soft legs while I kiss you.
God I love your legs.

It seems too early but we're already there, the hotel is right in front of us.
We break our kiss and look at each other with lust. Damn it's been a long
time. The car stops, I climb out and a walk around to open your door. Of course
your beautiful legs make it out first, my dick jumps up again. Your beautiful.
I take your hand and walk you into the beautiful hotel. We check in, get our
key and head for the room. It's about 10AM now. We get to our suite and
open the door. Inside is an erotic wonderland. A large living room with
a fire place, a hot tub next to it, a bar, and glass doors leading out to
a beach.

"WOW! This place is wonderful," You say with great satisfaction.

We walk up the stairs to our room. We see a huge bed, and mirrors on the 
ceiling. The bathroom is also huge with a shower and large hot tub.

We place our luggage on the floor. I say "Honey, put on the beige short and
tank top. And you'll need the hiking boots."

"Hiking boots?" you ask.

"Yes, we're going for a hike in the Grand Canyon of the Pacific." I reply.

You open your bag for the first time. Inside you find some wonderful things.
Hiking clothes, a dinner dress, other sexy dresses, beautiful lingerie,
lacy bras, sexy stockings, sexy high heel shoes, and sexy short skirts.
They all look so expensive and sexy, it really turns you on.

"God Don, you sure went all out." You say with joy.

"You're worth it Honey." I say with a smile.

We both finish putting on our hiking clothes, kiss and head out the door.

We get into a jeep and go. In the jeep you find backpacks, filled with
water and food.

Your hair looks wonderful flying in the open wind. In fact all of you looks
yummy. Your shorts are very flattering, those legs! Your tank top is V-cut
and stops at the mid-drift. I can see your sexy belly. God I love your belly.
I love everything bellow your belly Honey! You look great.

I'm also wearing shorts, I find you staring at my good looking legs.
I'm also wearing a tank top, you can see my sexy shoulders and arms
moving as I drive.

We remark about how beautiful everything is as we drive.

Thirty minutes later we hit a dirt road, bumpy, very bumpy. As we drive
along the bumpy road we both start feeling good, too good. The bumps
make my dick hard, and your shorts keep rubbing your wet cunt.
We can see each others lust, it's been quite a while now Honey.

We finally stop and get out. No one is in sight for miles.
We grab the back packs, and start to walk.
As we walk forward you start to make out the canyon.

"God it's beautiful Don, beautiful!" You exclaim.

"Yes it is beautiful" I reply. I grab your hand, stop you and give you a hot
kiss. I finally break our kiss and say, "We better get going, we have 30
minutes of walking to do."

Holding hands we start walking downward. The scene is beautiful.
We walk along the canyon rim; in some places it looks pretty dangerous.
It's hot and we both begin to sweat. Your beautiful legs begin to glow in
the sun as they get wet with sweat. You're nipples start to show through
your top as it gets wetter and wetter. The sweat rolls down your chest,
down your breasts, to your pants. It's hot, very hot. My chest is showing
some too, but yours is sexier Honey. My legs look sexier when there wet,
you do notice that too.

We stop for a minute to down some water. Another great kiss before we start
again. We finally continue.

"My God Don, it's beautiful!!!" You scream as you first lay your eyes on it.

A beautiful waterfall, only about 50 feet high, but it's beautiful.
The water ends in a beautiful crystal clear pool of water. You can also see
a small cave in back of the water, it's just like a dream. It's picture
perfect beautiful.

We're so hot and sticky by now. I say "Honey, there's no one around for miles,
never is. I'll race you to the water!"

I drop my backpack and run for the water. You're not far behind.
I kick my boots off and dive for the water. Seconds later I feel your splash.

Right after you come up you yell, "WOW, it's cold...., I love it!"

I grab you and kiss your beautiful lips.  Mmmmmm, mmmmm You taste so good.

It's been so long, I want you so bad!

Still kissing you, I reach down to the bottom of your top and slowly pull it
up over then off your head. Our kiss is only interrupted for a second.
Your beautiful tits are now floating on the top of the water as we stand
in the shallow end. You return the favor by pulling off my wet shirt.
We through the shirts up on dry land. I can now feel your sexy tits on mine.
Our kiss get hotter! You break our kiss and yell, "Let's get under the water
fall!" You do the breast stroke to the fall, and I follow.

I see the water crashing on your head, your hair flys every where.
The water is also beating on your tits, I can see that it feels very good.
I move back up to you and take your body in my arms. God I love kissing you
Honey, I hope you like it too. We continue to kiss for several minutes while
the water beats on our bodies. It's deeper here. The water is up to our necks.

I slide my hands down your body and move them to your front. I unbutton your
shorts and pull the zipper down. You take the pants in your hands and slide
them off your body. You let them go and they sink to the bottom. It's OK
the water is clear, we can find them later. You then unbutton by shorts
slowly pull down the zipper and I remove them from my body. You grab my
rock hard dick with your hand and squeeze.

"Oh God this is wonderful Don," you say.

"This is better than wonderful!" I reply.

I break our kiss and crash under water. For a second you wonder what I'm
doing. Suddenly your lifted out of the water. With Your legs over my shoulders
your now riding me. I love this position. My hands slowly move up and down
your beautiful wet legs. I can feel your pussy hair and pussy lips pressed up
against the back of my neck.

You arch backwards and let the water hit your tits with full force.

"Oh God this feels so good Don!" You scream with pleasure.

You continue to move around allowing the water to massage your upper body and
face.

Several minutes later I drop below the surface and up behind you. I place my
hands around your waist and then move my arms up around your tits. I grab
a tit with each hand and squeeze. I then start to bite the back of your
wet sexy neck. "Ooooooooooooo,   oooooooooooooo," you moan with pleasure.

While still biting your neck, I move my right hand down. I grab my hard dick
and begin to position it in your pussy. I slowly work it in and you finally
feel all of me inside you.

I then move my hand back to your hungry tit. The water feels great crashing
down on us. I slowly begin to move in and out, in and out of your hot
pussy. I move my hands up and down the front of your body, you feel so
good. We both continue to moan in pleasure. You turn your head around and
we manage to kiss. I can now feel that you're getting close to orgasm.
I stop and begin to pull out. You break our kiss and say, "Don, what's up?"

"Honey, I want you to float on your back, please." I say.

We let go of each other and you fall backward in the water. I move up to your
legs and work my way between them. I grab your ass cheeks with my hands and
pull your pussy up to my waiting hungry mouth. I slide my tongue up and
down the inside of your thigh, getting closer to your pussy each time.

"Oh God, Don, you're killing me" you burst out.

I dive into your pussy and suck it deep into my mouth. I suck and lick
and just can't get enough. I stick my tongue as deep into your pussy as I can,
recall it and lick. You grab onto the hair on my head to help keep you afloat.
The water is beating down on my back and it feels good. I move us to the
cave side of the waterfall and continue. I can't get enough of you Honey.
Your pussy tastes like honey and I feel like a bear who can't get enough.
I slowly move my tongue lower and begin to lick your anus hole. You start
to contract with pleasure. Your clean Honey, your clean. I stick my tongue in
your ass a little and it drives you wild. "Oh God Don, do it, please make me
cum now!" you scream. I move my mouth back to your pussy and suck in hard.
My tongue seems to grow as I touch every bit of your pussy. You taste so good.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA," you scream as you begin to come. Your body contractions
drive me wilder, I continue as long as I can.

"Stop, Don Stop, REALLY STOP, I can't take it any more" You scream.

I stop and we both slide under water. I pull your lips to me and we kiss.
Out of breath we finally shot up for air, the waterfall crashing on our heads.

"Oh God Don, that was excellent," you pant.

I take you in my arms and slowly move you into the cave. There's a beautiful
view from this side of the waterfall. I lay your body on the cave sand,
and continue to kiss you.

I stop and move down to your toes. Starting with your toes I suck and lick each
one into my hungry mouth. I move my mouth up your ankle and gently suck it.
I continue up your legs and try to lick every part of your beautiful legs.
I suck the fleshy parts of your legs and wish I could eat them.
I move around your spent pussy and move to your belly. I love your belly
and spend time in that area. I suck your belly button. I then move up to
your tits. Mmmmm, they feel good in my mouth. I move up your chest and bite
on your neck. You continue to moan with pleasure. I move up to your
ear lobe and suck and bite. I stick my tongue in your ear as deep as I can.
I move my tongue up the side of your face and lick your eye lashes, and then
your eye lids. I move down to your nose, suck it into my mouth, and roll my
tongue around it.

I finally move my attention back to your open lips. I  stick my tongue in your 
hot mouth and kiss, kiss, kiss.

Several minutes later, you stop and say, "It's your turn Don, let me make you
feel good now."

				-^^^^^-
[5]
				-^^^-
I tell you to lie back and relax.  You do so, closing your eyes and
enjoying the peacefulness.

You open your eyes, just in time to see me leaving the cave.  "Hey,"
you shout.  "Where are you going, Honey?"

"I'll be right back.  Just relax, ok?"

You seem a bit unsure but do as I ask.  I'm gone only a few minutes and
come back carrying what looks like a huge armload of flowers.

"Don, I'm not going to try to hypnotize you or anything like that but I
just want to help you relax and experience lots of different good 
feelings."

Again, you seem a bit wary, giving up control but you know how much I've
enjoyed the weekend and know that I want to give pleasure back to you.

	I want you to continue laying down on your back with your eyes 
	closed and listen to me very carefully.  I'm lifting up your head 
	to place a cushion underneath it.  There, doesn't that feel good?
	As you listen to me, you will become very relaxed and feel very
	light.  Your senses will be increased.  Everything you sense will	
	feel wonderful and very powerful to you.  Even now, as you lay here 
	relaxing, you hear the sweet songs of birds outside, birds of our
	paradise.  Their songs are the most beautiful music your ears have
	ever heard.  Take a deep breath.  Now let it out.  Take another,
	and listen to the sweet music.  Your ears hear the sweetest sounds-
	my voice, the birds, and the rushing water.  

	I am laying certain flowers around you now.  As I move, laying out
	the flowers, you will smell the luscious perfume the flowers emit.
	Never, have you smelled anything so beautiful as the scent of these
	flowers.  Inhale, bringing their glory inside you.  You are so
	relaxed and so light now, you feel like you are floating on a cloud 
	of perfume, held up by the singing birds.

	You may open your eyes slowly now and see the glorious royal blue 
	and magenta flowers I have piled around you and I am wearing in my 
	hair and as a lei.  The flowers are the brightest and most 
	beautiful you have ever seen.  The flowers make me look beautiful.
	Your eyes appreciate the splendor of everything around you.

	I dip my fingers into some oil and rub it on your left arm.  
	Doesn't that feel good?  The warm, slippery smoothness of the oil
	as I rub and massage it in.  Your skin and muscles are extra
	sensitive and my every touch brings soothing sensuality through
	you.  Your whole arm feels incredible.  I knead your shoulders, 
	your biceps and triceps, your forearms, your wrists, your palm,
	and your fingers.  You feel everything so intensely that this is
	the best massage you've ever had.  

	I give your right arm the same treatment.  I slide the warm oil
	up and down the length of your arm, allowing you to feel the 
	gliding feeling.  I massage, working in to your muscles, working
	out all the tension.  

	I dip into the oil again and spread it all over your chest.  I
	coat your chest is the satiny-soft oil.  I massage your muscles
	and rub your whole chest.  I slide down to your stomach and up your
	sides, tickling a bit.  You feel my every touch very intensely.
	
	I pull your legs apart and kneel down between your legs, facing 
	your feet.  If you look up  you'll see my pink pussy but you can't 
	touch it now.  Now, it's my turn.  

	I dip into the oil and start on your left foot.  I rub each toe 
	with the slippery ooze.  I massage your foot and know the pleasure
	it's bringing you.  I rub your ankle, working out some aches.  I
	work on your other foot.
	
	You are still inhaling the scent of the flowers, listening to the
	birds' song, and glowing among the bright royal blue and magenta
	flowers.  Never have you seen flowers colored so deeply.

	I put the oil on both of your calves and rub with both hands so
	you can feel the pleasure in two places at once.  You are enjoying
	this immensely.  You have a hard-on but that isn't your most 
	pressing need right now.  You just want to fill all your senses
	with the joy your body can bring you in many different ways.
	
	I work my way up to your thighs, heavily kneading the thick muscle.
	You have such strong thighs.

	You seem very peaceful.  Everything feels good.  

	Now I go and pick up something else I brought in.  A large 
	brillant flower that is hard to describe.  I bring it to your mouth
	and ask you to trust me, and open your mouth.  You do.  I pull
	the stamen from the flower and drop into your mouth the most
	delightful sweet nectar you can imagine.  Eagerly you drink in
	its goodness.  Clearly, it's the best tasting thing you've ever
	ingested. I shake the flower gently, making sure I've given you
	the last of its goodness. 

	You ask me what kind of flower it is.  I reply that the Hawaiian
	name is something like "Magic Potion Flower" but in English we
	call it a "Magic Lily".  It is not rare, but it is not common	
	enough to harvest and manufacture a liquid of the drink so
	Hawaiian's keep this a secret of their paradise.

	You have experienced the bright flowers for your eyes, the birds
	for your ears, the perfume of the flowers for your nose, the
	oil for your touch and the nectar for your tastes.  All of your 
	senses have been challenged and expanded.  Your whole body is
	delighted.

	But the sense of touch is so much fun, I'm not done with it yet.
	I pick up my silk panties, which I found you had tossed on the
	beach to dry, and wrap them around your hard cock.  You've never
	had anything so delightfully soft touching your penis.  I rub the
	silk up over the head, then back down the shaft, causing shivers of
	delight to run through your body.  Very slowly, I rub the silk up 
	and down, up and down.  I've never seen you this large!  Your cock
	is huge and throbbing!  It looks so tempting.  I'd love to take
	you in my mouth or to make love to you but I want you to experience
	this slow sensuality.  I continue to move the silkdown your shaft,
	back up your shaft past the head, then down again.  

	I can tell your body wants to cum now but also wants to this 
	feeling to last.  I keep going slow, making sure this lasts as long as
	possible.  The silk is incredibly soft but not perfectly smooth.
	The texture against your skin is teasing you.  You feel a 
	tightening  in your balls but it's not quite time yet.  I move a
	little faster, but only a little.  The perfume you're inhaling
	makes this feeling more intense.  I'm squeezing you and sliding 
	with just the right amount of pressure.  I watch the head of your
	cock poke out of the panties then slide back in, poke out, then
	slide in.  You look so good!  I lean down, moving my hand a little 
	faster.  Your whole body is starting to spasm and I can see you're
	almost ready for release.  I put my lips around the head of your
	penis, sliding the silk up and down the shaft and you forcefully
	cum into my mouth, holding my head to your cock with your right 
	hand.  You are moaning very loud and shaking.  You spasm a bit more
	and relax.  I could hardly swallow all of your cum, there was so
	much and it was so fast, but I drank it all.  It tasted like the
	sweet nectar of the Magic Lilly.  

You have been so good to me.  I hope you enjoyed the sensual experience.

				-ooo-

We continue to frolic half the day away, playing with each other in the pool,
showering under the waterfall and catching rays to tan our bodies.

"Honey, we better get back now before it gets dark. We don't want to do this
 hike without light." I reluctantly say.

We help dress each other and begin to hike back. We were soaked with sweat
by the time we reached the jeep. I could see that you were tanner now and the
sweat made your new tan easier to see.

We took in the sights as we drove back to the hotel. We finally pulled in and
jumped out with our stuff. "Honey, let's take a quick shower OK? I'll race you!"
I said just before I started to run. You raced after me and we almost bumped
into other humans as we ran. We did not care, this was our world and nothing
could stop us. I got there first and you followed my clothes trail to the
shower.

We talked about our wonderful day as we took a nice cool shower together.
We washed ourselves this time (imagine that) and finished sooner than expected.
"Gee Honey, dinner isn't served for another hour and a half." I said.
You finished drying first a disappeared into the bedroom.

I finally finished drying off and walked into the bedroom.

WOW! my dick sprange to life at what I saw.

My beautiful tanned Honey was laying down on the huge bed, her legs spread
open wide, arms to her side, and her beautiful blue eyes stairing at
herself in the mirror above. As my Honey moved her beautiful blue eyes
toward me, I said, "I have a great idea Honey."

You raise your eyebrows slightly and smile at me.  "And what is it?" you
ask.  I begin looking for something in one of the dressers, and return in
a minute with a black, sheer silk scarf. I slowly begin to twirl
it in my hands, smiling at you the entire time with a twinkle in my eye.

I walk up to you and begin to passionately kiss you, and you respond 
instantly.  I gently take one of your hands and gently and slowly
begin to tie the scarf around it, then I begin to tie it to
the brass bars behind us.  You're so aroused, You begin to moan softly.

I get up and return to the dresser to retrieve yet another scarf.
You can barely catch your breath as you see me walking up to you.  My
cock is jutting out in front of me, and you can't seem to take your
eyes off of it. You also notice my new tan, wow the skin really shines when 
it's tan.

I kiss you again, gently taking your untied left hand, and wrapping the
second scarf around it.

I finish tying the scarf to the brass bed and get another idea.
I return to your dresser for more of what I need. I return to your side and
gently begin to wrap a scarf around the back of your head. Before I cover
your beautiful blue eyes, I kiss you. I finish the job by tying the scarf to
cover your eyes. "I hate to cover your beautiful blue eyes Honey, but this will
be fun, you'll see." I say.

Your sense of touch is much greater now. You're amazed at how your other senses
take over once the sense of sight is blocked. You feel my hand on your ankle
as I take it and begin to wrap another scarf around it. You then feel the
gentle tug as I pull your legs apart and closer to the bed post. I finish
tying your ankle to the post and you then feel the same thing happen to your
other ankle.

You're now stretched out and tied up, "God you look so beautiful and sexy
Honey," I say with great lust in my voice.

You hear me leave the room and wonder where I've gone. Several minutes pass and
you begin to worry. You think, God I hope he didn't just leave me like this,
I'm getting so hot and horny.

You suddenly jump, startled, when you here a vibrator turn on next to your ear.
"Damn Don, you scared the shit out of me, what are you doing?", you yell.

I do not answer. You first feel the vibrator on your left ankle. It feels so
good. Next you feel the vibrator as I move it up the inside of your leg.
You begin to squirm and moan. I skip your pussy and move the vibrator up your
belly and circle your belly button. Next you feel it moving up to your chest.
It finally touches your hungry tits and I begin to circle it around your nipple.
"MMMMmmmmmmm,mmmmmmmmm", you moan with pleasure. I continue to circle your
nipples, and you get wetter every second. I can see goose bugs on your body as
you shiver with pleasure. I stop and your body still feels wonderful.

Your again startled when you feel cold ice water dripping on your belly button.
I let some drip on your tits, and watch your nipples get harder and harder.

"Oh God Don, your killing me, please fuck me, fuck me now!" you scream.

I continue to drip cold ice water on your nipples and then move down your body.
I let the ice water drip in your pussy and you contract with each drop.
You begin to wrestle with the hand and leg restraints as I drive you crazy a
drip at a time.

"Don! Please help me!" You scream. You feel your orgasm pressure building.

You feel cold water drop on your lips and lick the water off into your mouth.

Suddenly you feel a sharp yet erotic pain on your nipple as I clamp a clothes
pin to it. "Oh Shit, that feels great, oh God please take me now Don," you
scream again. I put another clothes pin on your other nipple and watch as they
get a little red. The pain shoots down your body but it feels soooooo good.
Pain only feels this good when your horny as hell.

I start to run the vibrator up and down your legs again. You continue to squirm
around, you push your pussy up and down in the air, trying to fuck anything but
finding nothing. I finally move the vibrator up to your large hard pussy lips.
I touch them lightly. "Oh my God Don, I'm going to cum right now!" You scream.
I PUSH the vibrator up into you hungry cunt and you scream with pleasure,
"Oh God, Oh God, that feels so good!" I work the vibrator in and out in and out
of your pussy. You can feel the vibrations through your entire body.
You also feel your tits getting numb as all the blood rushes down
to your pussy. You suddenly EXPLODE to orgasm and violently thrash around
as I continue to move the vibrator in and out, in and out.

"OH MY GOD!!!" you scream as you continue to orasm, breathing hard, 
 your heart racing.

I continue to fuck you with the vibrator and begin to slowly remove the
clothes pins from your tits. You feel my hot mouth cover your tit and begin to
lick and suck. Sweat is pouring off your body as you continue to cum all over
the vibrator. I can taste the salty sweat as I suck your tits.

Your breathing is very loud and hard. I kiss you and you return my kiss with
a hot deep kiss of your own. Your tongue fucks my mouth as you feel your body
exploding everywhere.

I pull the vibrator out of your pussy and turn it off. I'm still kissing you.
You feel my body press down on yours. I push my rock hard cock into your pussy,
and hear you scream in my mouth "MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM."
I begin to fuck you hard and fast. My body slides around your wet hot body.
Your tits are still numb and tingle.

I place my hands on your tits and squeeze them with my hands. Some blood rushes
back into them, you feel a burned sensation.
I'm moving in and out, in and out of your wonderful wet pussy as fast as I can
go. Sweat begins to fall from my body to yours. I move my hands up and down
your wonderful body.

"Oh God Honey, you drive me crazy with love." I whisper in your ear.

As I move in and out of you, I push in deeper and deeper.

"OH, OH God Honey, I'm going to cum...OHHHHHHHHHH" you hear me say as I shoot
my cum deep into your body. You feel the incredible pressure from my load 
as I continue to pump as hard as I can.

I couple of minutes later, "OH God Don! I'm coming again!" You scream.
I kiss your hot mouth as you cum with me inside you.

We slide up and down along each other as I move in and out.

"Don stop, please stop, I can't take any more!" You cry.

I stop and slowly pull out. You feel me getting up and off your limp body.
I move my mouth back to your pussy and begin to lick your pussy lips.

"Oh God Don, I don't know if I can take anymore." You scream.

I continue to lick your pussy. I can taste my cum mixed with yours and it drives
me made with lust. I take your large rock hard pussy into my hot mouth and
suck it all in. I can't seem to get close enough to you. I alternate between
sucking your pussy and sticking my tongue deep down into your cunt.

You start to feel shocks up and down your body and tingles everywhere.

"Don, you have to stop, please." You beg.

I can't Honey, I just can't. I need to eat you, and I don't hear the safe word.
I continue to eat your wonderful pussy. Your body feels like it never has
before. It hurts, it feels good, it's numb, it tingles, it's hot, it's cold.
You continue to squirm around my hot mouth, making it harder for me to hold on.

Minutes pass and you can start to feel another build up. You could swear that
I've shaved your pussy hair from your body with my sucking, as you can't feel
it anymore. Your pussy is larger than it's ever been, and it's red hot.

You feel the orgasm build up again. "Oh God Don, please jump on me now! I'm
going to come again!" you cry.

As fast as I can, I jump up on your soaked body and push my now ready rock
hard dick back into your pussy. I no sooner get it in and you scream,

"OH MY GOD!!! OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"

You feel your body automatically contract with pleasure. It's a dry pleasure,
Like a pump working with no fluid left to pump. You hear ringing in your ears
as you continue to come. Your whole body is exploding, every nerve in your
body is firing wild.

Your breathing is fast an erratic. Your heart is about to jump out of your body.
I slow down and try to take you down slow. I can't stop too fast or your heart
may fail. I lay down on your soaked hot body. You can feel your heart pushing
my chest up and down as you come down from heaven.

You have no feeling left in your body as your nerves all shut down.

I take of your blind fold and see your dizzy glassy blue eyes look at mine.
You close your eyes and we kiss, soft and slow, we kiss. Our wet bodies
pressing against each other, we kiss.

Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm, I love to eat Honey,

				-^^^^^-
[6]
				-^^^-

You wore me out completely, or so I thought.

You fell asleep almost immediately but I am just lying relaxing and 
catching my breath.  After a few minutes my heart returns to normal and I 
feel _wonderful_.  I look over watching you sleep.  You are so good looking 
to me!  You've got just the right touch of everything--sexiness, 
intelligence, sense of humor and a body that won't quit. 

I stand up and stretch.  I feel energized and free.  Wow, you really gave 
me some kind of release!

I make sure you're asleep then go into the other room of the suite and make 
a quick phone call.  (Arrangements for a surprise.)  After the call I check 
again, and you are still sleeping.  Good.  

I start water filling the hot tub and go into the bathroom for the shampoo 
when I notice the bottle of Mr. Bubbles.  You really do think of 
everything!

I stroll over to my new clothes and look through them trying to pick 
something out for dinner.  The clothes are all so beautiful that I have a 
hard time deciding.  I finally select a gorgeous, sexy dress with matching 
4" heel pumps.  I pull out thigh high stockings but decide I don't need 
underwear this evening.  

I check the tub and it's about halfway full.  I go into the bathroom and 
select my perfume, skin care and makeup.  I want to look great for you 
tonight.  I experiment with different hair styles until the tub is full.  

The tub is full so I pin my hair up quickly so I won't have to wash it 
later and go to wake you up.  

You look so peaceful but I know you are getting hungry so I must 
disturb you.  I'll try to do it as gently as possible.

You're stretched out on the bed without any clothes, sheets or blankets 
covering you.  I walk over and kneel at the foot of the bed.  With my left 
hand I grasp your right foot and begin to rub each toe while I kiss each 
toe on your left foot.  You begin to stir but I think you're still 
dreaming.  I kiss your instep and heel while rubbing your other foot.  I 
grab one of the silk scarves and stand up between your legs.  Lightly I 
drag the scarf up your legs and down, stroking with a feather touch.  Still 
not awake.

I walk beside the bed, still moving the scarf up and down your legs.  I let 
the scarf fall in between your legs and move it until it's on your balls.  
I tickle them with it.  As I move the scarf onto your cock, already 
starting to grow, you wake up.

"Hello, 'master'.  Your bath is ready now." I say.

You grin, as if you realize the dream you were having is reality.

"Thank you, Honey.  That feels so good.  Yes, I suppose we do need to take 
a bath.  Is the bathtub big enough for two?"

"Don, did you forget?  We have a hottub here.  Definitely big enough for 
two.  Come join me."

I leave the room so you'll have more motivation to get up.  You stand up 
and stretch, also feeling the affects of our lovemaking.  

I'm already in the tub with the jets going when you arrive.

"I want to know where those jets are shooting," you say.

"There's only one way to find out," I reply.  "Come feel for yourself."

You get into the tub splashing and laughing and making me laugh.  Bubbles 
fly everywhere.  You grab my ribs, your hands slipping down to my hips.  
You kiss my mouth playfully.  You start to rub me all over pretending to 
look for "jet streams" touching me in erogenous places.

You finally give up conceding that I was having innocent fun.  You sit down 
and drop your head back, relaxing.  In a flash, I'm straddling your lap and 
sucking on your flat nipple until it's erect.  I move onto the other one 
making it firm as well.  I pinch your nipple between my lips hard, then 
lick it, then gently bite it--giving you little streaks of pain and 
pleasure.  You put your arms around me and slide your hands down to my ass.
I give your other nipple the same treatment, pinching then licking then 
biting.  You squeeze my cheeks and I know you're enjoying my little game.  

I lick your throat and the sides of your neck and you moan softly.  Your 
hands tell me how happy you are.  I nibble on one ear lobe and then the 
other.  I put my tongue in your ear, then blow softly tickling you.  You 
run your fingers up and down the crack of my ass, spending extra time 
playing around my rosebud.  I reach around as far as I can on one side and 
kiss the back of your neck.  I nibble and kiss and lick my way up and down 
your neck, working my way to the front.  As I do this, my breasts are 
rubbing your chest.  Once I reach the front I lick your 
throat then very gently suck on your Adam's apple and then your chin.  I 
lower down and pinch your nipple with my lips again and as I do you insert 
a finger in my asshole.  With only the water as lube it took me by surprise 
but felt very good.  As I pinch and lick your nipples with my teeth, you 
slowly move your finger in and out of my hole sending shivers through me.  
I return to your neck, starting at the front and working on the other side. 
 I nibble on your neck just enough to hurt-good but not enough to leave any 
marks.  I kiss and lick your neck, tickling you.  

The hot water bubbling around us feels wonderful, so relaxing.  I can feel 
your hot cock touching my pubic hair, throbbing in the water.  I run my 
fingers through the sides of your hair, pulling gently.  You continue to 
move your finger in and out.  As you pull your finger out this time, you 
add another to it and push both in causing me to gasp and pull your hair a 
little hard.  I'm not used to much anal stimulation and this was almost 
more than I could bear.  You knew I couldn't take much more so you gently 
continued with your two fingers, making me shiver and moan.  

"Honey, we could be here all night but I think we need to refuel.  What do 
you say we get ready for dinner?"

				-ooo-  

"Ooooo, Don, please don't stop now, I want your finger in me. I'm so close
to orgasm all ready, just let me do myself real fast."

"OK babe, I love this."

I continue to move my finger in and out of your ass. You move your hand down
to your pussy and begin to masturbate. This is the first time I've seen
you do this, it's really making me horny! You close your eyes as you continue.
I can't take it any more, I grab my rock hard dick with my free hand begin
to masturbate in front of my Honey. You realize that something is going on
and get a shock when you open your eyes. It drives you over the edge and
you burst into orgasm. Your entire body is moving around as you cum, your
moans tell me that you're a master at where to touch for pleasure.
Seeing you cum at your own touch brings me close fast. As I slowly move my
finger out of your ass, you see my cum shooting from beneath the water.

"Wow, that was neat," I say with a smile.

"Thanks Don, I needed that." You reply.

We finish rinsing ourselves off and head for the bedroom to get dressed.
I watch you dress as I do the same, thinking about how wonderful and
beautiful you are. We finish and stop to admire each other.

"God Honey, you're one very beautiful sexy babe, I love you in that dress.
 It's just tight enough to show off your curves, and short enough to allow
 the full glory of your beautiful legs to tease every man."

"Thank you dearest, you're beautiful yourself. Don't be surprised when I
 rip those clothes off to find dessert."

I walk you to the car and continue to admire you as I open your door.
As I circle the back of the car to climb in, I think about how lucky I am
to be with you.

I drove with one hand on the wheel, the other on your left leg. Sorry Honey,
I just can't help myself. I love your legs.

We arrive at the restaraunt. I take pleasure in opening your door again to
see your legs come out first. My cock jumps to attention and salutes your
beauty.

As we walk in, I notice eyes turning to stare at my Honey. Boy this makes me
horny to know that others lust for you too. We sit in our private cave and
order. We're sitting right next to each other in a cave. As we look forward we
see a waterfall right outside the window, sure is beautiful.
As we eat and talk about the day, I frequently visit your legs and pussy
with my hand. I was hoping not to get on your nerves, and new all was OK
when you squeezed my love rod. We kiss several times as we eat, the wine
is really making us lust for each other all over again. The soft lighting
really complements your beauty, your so foxy tonight. We embrace in a hot
wet kiss, and finally stop to remind ourselves that we're in public.

We finish eating and head for the dance floor. You're a great dancer Honey, and
I can't believe your dancing in those beautiful high heels. After a few
minutes, we stop to let you take them off. I hold one for you, you hold the
other; we continue to dance. I love your body rubbing against mine as we
dance. Dancing is driving us wild, the romance and love we feel is growing
and growing. I look deep into your eyes as we dance, I see an angel's eyes
looking into mine. We stare into each others eyes for minutes without
blinking. God I love your beautiful blue eyes. As we dance I run my hand
through your hair and up and down your sexy body. We're not the only ones
dancing tonight, but we only see each other. I kiss your neck as we dance,
and nibble on your ear while I whisper to you.

"Honey, you're the most beautiful woman on the planet. You make me feel
 so good inside. This has been the greatest weekend in my life."

We continue to dance for a couple of hours, slow songs, fast songs,
they all feel good with my Honey.

The last dance was easy to decide on. We looked into each others eyes and
smiled. We grabbed each other and headed for the door.

We kissed and played the entire way back to the hotel, we're so ready for
love again.

We enter our room and I go for some wine. With one in one hand, I take your
hand with the other, and lead you to the fireplace rug. The fur rug in front
of the fireplace is very comfortable, it's got lots of padding underneath
and feels so smooth and erotic to the touch. You lay down in front of
the fireplace and I start it up. It's not really that cold outside, but I moved
the thermostat to 50. I lay down next to you and slowly move in for a kiss.
Our mouths meet and start making love. I reach down to your feet and slowly
pull off your beautiful pumps (They drove me crazy with lust all night, but
will now just be in the way.) I finish removing them both as we continue
to kiss. The fire is finally starting to feel real nice from where we're
making love. There's still just enough cold air to keep our nipples erect.

You slowly start to unbutton my shirt as we kiss and roll around on the
fur rug. You frantically pull it over and off my shoulders. You break our kiss
and move down to bite my tits. God you must really be horny, you're biting
my tits harder than ever. I lay back on the fur and moan with pleasure as
you continue. I unzip your dress and start to pull it up over our head.
Your so hot with passion for my tits that you don't let me get in your way
for several minutes. Finally you break for air and let me finish the job.
I see your beautiful lacy bra for the second time tonight, I'll leave it
on for a few more minutes. Your undies also catch my eye, your ass cheeks fill
them just right.

"God Don your beautiful," you say just before you start to unbutton my pants.

I feel like I'm in heaven Honey. Laying on a fur rug in front of a fireplace
in Hawaii with a beautiful sexy horny woman kneeling over me.

I move around to make it easier for you to get my pants down, had to kick
those shoes off first. You laugh as you once again see the coral reef
silk undies I'm wearing, and you begin to gently move your hands up and
down them to feel the soft silk.

I could see your back in the mirror on the ceiling. Mirrors are great, I get
to see ALL of my Honey as we make love.

I grab you from your sides and roll you over to be on the bottom. I slowly
get on top, one leg on each side of you. I take a sip of wine and move my
mouth to your tits. You feel the cold shock as I cover your tit with my
mouth and release the wine.

"Oh God that feels sooooo good Don"

I move my tongue around your tit until the wine gets warm. I then suck you 
clean and do the same to your other tit. I get a crazy idea. I first
remove your undies and then fuel up again with wine. I move down to your
wet pussy and and cover it with my mouth.

"Oh God Don, that was wonderful," you say as I release the wine into your
hot pussy. I stick my tongue up your cunt and open it to let the wine flow in.
You begin to breath hard as it feels so good. I slowly drink the wine from
my favorite cup and go for more. This time you feel my lips on yours.
Yup, we share the wine this time as I release some in your mouth.
We kiss hard and hot as I cup your tits with my warm hands.

"Honey, I want to try something, I'll be right back," I say with a smile.

I return a couple minutes later. I see your eyebrows move up as you see
what I have in my hand; scissors and an electric shaver.

"Honey, I've always wanted to do this, Just sit back and relax, I'll do
 everything."

"What do you think you're going to do Don?"

"I'm going to shave your beautiful pussy of course."

"I don't think so," you inform me with force.

I kneel down between your legs with the scissors in hand.

"Stop Don, stop!" You yell.

"Honey, David will not be happy if you're not a good girl, just relax.
 David will enjoy this just as much as I'm going to Honey."

I move the scissors closer.

"Stop Don!"

"Honey, I promise you're going to like this, please just relax."

You finally give in and part your legs wider for me. Your pussy already turns
me on, I begin to wonder how this will affect that fact.

After placing a towel under your beautiful ass, I begin to cut your pussy
hair with the scissors. I continue, trying to get as close to your skin as
possible. You lay back and watch me from the mirror on the ceiling.
You begin to moan as I pull at your pussy hair while cutting. You find it
erotic.

"Wow, Honey you already look yummy and I'm not even done yet.
 What a yummy cunt you have!"

I finally finish with the scissors and plug in the razor.

You begin to squirm as the razor tickles your most private parts.
I continue slowly, VERY careful not to hurt you in any way.

The razor is really turning you on now. You begin to moan and breath louder.

"This feels pretty good Don," you pant.

"I thought you would like it."

I finally finish the job, no hair left!
I clean up the mess and I'm ready to go.

"Honey, I'm really hungry for that yummy cunt of yours, I hope you don't mind
 if I eat you now."

You grab the back of my head and move my face down to your waiting pussy.
Just the kind of answer I love!

WOW! I can't believe how wonderful you feel in my mouth. Your shaven pussy
drives me to a frenzy as I suck as much of you into my mouth as I possibly
can.

"God that feels great Don, I can feel much more than usual. Ooooooooooooooo"

I continue to feast on your wonderful new cunt. I too am having the time of
my life. Your pussy feels so smooth in my mouth, it's really driving me crazy.

The combination of new feelings, and my tongue and mouth licking and sucking
your pussy, bring you very close to orgasm. I can sense this and I stop before
it's too late.

"Oh God Don, what are you doing to me?" I move my mouth to yours and begin
to kiss you. We embrace and kiss each other like never before. We're both
hot and horny, you're close to cuming, you can feel this in our kiss.
I take your right hand and slowly move it down to your pussy. I hear you
moaning with pleasure as you begin to stroke your pussy with your fingers.
The feeling overcomes you with great power. You've never felt your pussy
without all that hair, and it drives you wild. Your body is moving all over
the place as we kiss and you make love to yourself. I know you're going to cum
soon, so I break our kiss and move back down to your pussy. I begin to lick
and suck your fingers and pussy, while you continue to finger yourself.
The feeling is driving you crazy and you finally EXPLODE to orgasm with great
force. Your hands leap to your breasts as you cum. My mouth is now licking
and sucking to increase the wonderful feeling. You're pussy juices taste
erotic and again you drive me to a frenzy. I continue licking and sucking
your beautiful yummy cunt. I can't stop, I want more. You continue to squeeze
your breasts as I continue to fuck you with my mouth.
Several minutes later I feel you getting close again.

"Oh God Don, please fuck me. I want your beautiful hard dick inside me now!"

I position myself on top and slowly insert my dick into your shaven pussy.

"God that feels so good Honey!"

We kiss as I move in and out, in and out. MMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm

You begin to cum first. "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa," you scream.

I can feel your pussy contracting around my hard dick, it feels great!

Our bodies feel wonderful sliding against each other. I continue to pump you,
in and out, in and out.

Several seconds later you feel the pressure of my cum hit you're inner body.

"OOOOOOOOOooooo God this feels great Honey!"

I continue to shoot cum inside you as if I had a never ending supply.

"That felt wonderful Honey..., thank you," I say as I stop and lay on your wet
body.

"That was really great Don, I can't tell you how wonderful that felt.
 I can still feel it even now."

As we lay there, you continue to look at me from the mirror above.
You admire my fine ass and the shine of my body from the sweat.

As I feel your breasts against mine, and your breathing in my ear,
I wonder, what will come next.

				-^^^-
[7]
				-^^^-
We're both exhausted but I know we'll be going home tomorrow and I don't 
want to leave without sharing my surprise with you.  What to do?  I suggest
we go to sleep for but only for a few hours so we can have a middle of the 
night rendezvous.  You tell me that sounds great but that I probably won't 
be able to get you to wake up.  We'll see about that.

We both get up and clean up a bit in the bathroom before heading to the bed
 naked and clean and relaxed.  I set the alarm beside the bed for 3:30 am  
You groan when you see that but I smile and push you back on to the bed.  
You reach over to kiss me but I tell you we can't have any more hanky panky 
right now, we have to sleep.  You protest, something about this just being 
a kiss but I know better.  I lay my head on your chest, throw one of my 
legs over one of yours and nestle in to go to sleep.  Your even breathing 
tells me you fell asleep instantly.  I knew you would.

I quietly get up and make a couple of phone calls, wrapping up the final 
preparations, laugh to myself, and crawl back in bed with you.  I only 
hope you'll like the surprise as much as I will.  I fall asleep.

3:30 sharp the alarm goes off, pounding in my head.  I hit the alarm clock, 
probably harder then necessary and get up.  You were right.  You're still 
asleep.  I don't know how you could be.  That alarm was really obnoxious.
	<*>  <*>  <*>
You hear something but you're not sure if you're dreaming or awake.  Music, 
but strange music.  Kinda foreign.  You like the music which isn't loud but 
clear enough to hear.  The music itself sounds dreamy and unreal, like 
you've floated away on a magic carpet.  That's it!  Magic carpet!  That's 
what the music sounds like--middle eastern.  You open your eyes slowly, 
still not sure if the music is real or not.  Your eyes are open, focusing 
on the mirror on the ceiling.  Now that you're awake, you know the music 
must be real.  As you become fully conscious, you realize the room in the 
mirror doesn't look the same as when you fell asleep.  

You bolt up in bed and look around.  The walls and floor of the room are 
covered with translucent, pastel netting in blues, lavendars and various 
pinks.  On top of the netting all over the floor are flowers and flower 
petals.  You thought Hawaii itself was paradise but this room looked like 
something out of a heavenly dreamland.  You realize that the bed you're on is 
covered with pillows.  Velvet covered pillows, silk covered pillows and satin 
covered pillows of varying shapes and sizes.  Piles of pillows.  

I call from the other room, "Are you awake, Don?"

"I think so," you respond.  "What's going on?"

"Don't get up!  I have a surprise for you.  Just prop up some pillows 
behind you and relax.  I want to show you something."

The sheer anticipation makes your cock jump a bit and start to harden.  
Wow!  Whatever the surprise is, it can't be as great as all this build-up.  
You wonder when I had time to get all this stuff around.  You wonder if I 
drugged you or something but you realize the time is only 4:00 am and your 
head is clear and I would never had the guts to take something that far.  
You're still amazed that I went along with any of this weekend plan.

The music gets a bit louder, filling the room.  You're peering at the doorway
 waiting for me to come in.  You see the flicker of more filmy netting, 
this time in a deep royal blue, in the doorway.  As you keep watching, you 
see my foot, lifted into the air, make it's appearance in the doorway.  My 
toenails are painted bright pink and I'm wearing several gold toe rings and 
some bands around my ankle.  You want to get up and come to me but you 
remember that I've asked you to stay.  My foot disappears behind the 
doorway again.  You see the blue filmy fabric again but start getting 
impatient.  Just when you're about to call me into the room, I enter.

You sit back against the pillows in shock, not even sure if you're seeing 
Honey.  I'm dressed, head to toe, in the most beautiful belly-dancer's 
costume you've ever seen.  You can see my blonde hair on top and hanging 
down my back but my face, except my eyes, is covered with a blue see-
through veil.  Across my forehead dangle coins and beads, moving 
hypnotically.  From my ears and throat you see more jangles swinging to the 
music.  Your eyes roam down.  My breasts are barely covered by a bra of
sequins and beads.  Strands of beads dance across my flat stomach which is 
undulating to the beat of the unique music.  As your eyes travel down, 
you're disappointed to see that my shapely legs are completely covered by 
the layers of skirt and beads and coins that are swirling about me.  My 
arms are moving gracefully about me framing the parts of my body that I 
want you to focus on and you are unconciously following them.  My hips 
wiggle down then around turning my body.  I have my back to you but turn my 
head to look over my shoulder and see the look of shock and wonder on your 
face.  You've obviously never seen a live belly dancer before because I'm 
certainly no professional.  With my back to you I start doing a hip shimmy 
which is the hypnotic move where the hips wiggle so fast they become a blur 
and the beads swing about me furiously.  The skin above my barely concealed 
ass ripples gently as the muscles work my body.  I turn again, with my hips 
still shimmying and let you see the movement of my stomach.  Ahh, the 
beautiful move that gave bellydancers their names.  My stomach ripples and 
moves to the music with a life of its own.

Since I've entered the room, you haven't moved.  Perhaps you are thinking 
about how the belly dancer in the Bible so entranced a man that he was 
willing to give her everything, even the head of John the Baptist when she 
requested it.  No, perhaps you are already beyond thinking.  Good belly 
dancing does that to people--men and women.  Your eyes are glazy but I can 
tell you see me clearly.  Your eyes follow my every move--my heaving chest, 
my gyrating hips, my graceful arms, and all those beads and coins that 
highlight every movement.

You're enjoying this so much I can hardly decide what to do next.  I'm so 
glad!

I move about the room some more making the music come alive.  You catch a 
few glimpses of my legs but you're not sure how since they're so well 
covered.  Perhaps it's just wishful thinking.  The sparkling beaded cups 
covering my breasts have slipped a bit so along with the cleavage you can 
see the definite swelling of flesh, glowing just a touch from sweat.  I 
turn again, showing you every muscle group in my back as I shake and wiggle 
and move.  I'm too far away to touch and you know you aren't supposed to 
move.

I turn again and, looking straight at you, clap my hands sharply twice.  
Instantly 10 girls dressed in bright pink harem outfits enter the room.  
You want to speak but don't know what to say.  You are still laying on 
stacks of pillows in bed completely nude.  I think you've forgotten about 
your nudity but are just so completely surprised you're speechless.

The harem girls are dressed in beautiful costumes similiar to mine but much 
more simple.  They have veils covering their faces and hair.  Their tops 
are simple pink filmy material and instead of skirts they're wearing harem 
pants.  Five of the girls move to your left, beside the bed and five move to 
the right.  You have trouble deciding which way to look.  I am at the foot of 
the bed shimmying my body smoothly up and down.  

You look to the left and there are five young gorgeous women staring at you 
while they dance for you.  You look to the right and see the same sight.  
One winks at you seductively.  Your cock is now stiff and hot making you 
wonderfully uncomfortable.  One of the girls to your left breaks from the 
dance line and begins to fan you with one of those old-fashioned woven reed 
hand held fans.  You close your eyes, relishing the cool breeze she's 
bringing to your oh-so-hot body.  You realize you're missing a show so you 
open your eyes in time to see one woman from the left and one from the 
right kneel down by the foot of the bed.  Each one takes one of your feet 
and pulls it toward her.  They both begin to carefully massage your foot, 
going over each toe, your ankle, your instep tickling and rubbing until the 
thrills run up your whole body.  The girls are well trained in massage.  
You look at me to see how I'm reacting to all of this but I'm smiling 
mischievously beneath my veil, dancing much slower and even more 
seductively now.  You can't resist me but you must--you can't move.  Two 
more girls break from their dancing and kneel beside the bed, each taking 
an arm and hand and giving them the same treatment the girls and giving 
your legs.  Everything feels (and looks!) so good but you're really horny and 
you really want that relief.  

One of the girls from the right picks up a giant (peacock?  ostrich?  who 
knows) feather.  She leans over and gently trails the feather from your 
neck, down your chest, across your stomach, over your genitals, and down 
your right leg tingling the skin all the way.  You moan and wiggle a bit 
but realize you can't move very much because of the restraining, massaging, 
hands.  She continues to tickle you with the feather--your underarms, your 
inner thighs, your balls, your forehead.  She's making your body so hot you 
couldn't stand it if it weren't for the other "member of your harem" 
fanning you.

I giggle to myself.  You look so helplessly happy.  I'm glad you're 
enjoying this.

Another girl stops dancing and picks up a dish with lightly scented water 
in it.  She dips in a velvet sponge and rubs the cool liquid on your 
forehead.  With relief, the act also brings added heat to your sexual urge. 
 You've made love to women before but you've never had 11 women attending 
to your every desire--almost every desire.

Another harem girl picks up a bowl of grapes and walks over to your mouth.  
You grin to yourself.  How cliche!  Unreal.  Grapes?  She picks one up and 
delicately slides it past your lips, touching your tongue with her finger 
and leaving the cool, firm fruit in your mouth.  As you bite into it and 
feel the explosion of cool sweet wetness in your mouth, you understand why 
grapes.  It was just what you needed.  She feeds you another.  Another 
harem girl stands by the other side of your head with a cool drink for when 
you're ready to wash down the grape stickiness.

One girl in pink is still dancing beside you.  She's a real knockout.  Her 
stomach is flat as a board and there is a diamond (it looks like, anyway) 
embedded in her bellybutton.  Her breasts are humungous but you can tell 
they are firm and hold up well on their own.  She dances over to me.  I 
pluck an extra veil from the folds of my skirt and twirl that about us.  
She and I gyrate back and forth toward one another in a dancing, sexual 
conversation.  I hold the veil up over our faces for a few moments as we 
dance.  You can't see our heads and wonder if we're telling secrets--or, 
maybe kissing?

As much as you knew about me before our weekend adventure, David had never 
told you that I could bellydance.  Aren't you glad he kept at least one 
secret from you?  

I whip the scarf over the pink dancing girls head and behind her back and 
use it to pull her close to me.  I drape the scarf around her neck and let 
go of it.  I reach to her breasts with my hands and fold down the cups 
covering her breasts.  She is still wearing the top but the cups are now 
bunched underneath her breasts, exposing their round, firm fullness for you
  I move aside, dancing slowly and let her put on a bit of a show for you.  
She does a bit of shimmying allowing her breasts to shake and ripple, as if 
they want to move wildly but are restrained by their own firmness.  The 
girls are still working on your body, making you feel good all over as the 
dancing girl provides you with eye candy.  I slip through the doorway 
quietly.  You don't notice, because your eyes are on your private dancer.
She moves to the foot of the bed, in between the girls who are rubbing your 
feet.  She has stopped dancing but is still swaying to the music, that 
never ending, entrancing music.  She leans over and runs her fingernails up 
and down the inside of your legs.  Goosebumps cover your body.  She kneels 
on the foot of the bed, still trailing up and down your legs while gazing 
into your eyes.  

With her left hand she lifts your hard dick from your stomach, showing a 
thread of precum still forming a connection.  Her other hand reaches down 
and cups your balls.  She leans down and all you see is a pink veil as you 
feel your penis enter her wet mouth.  You moan deeply to the delight of 
your harem girls.  Each girl is trying to please you more than the girl 
between your legs and that is a hard task.  She engulfs your member again, 
drawing you in deeply, pulling on you with suction from deep inside her.  
Your ass squeezes and your hips buck up to meet her eager mouth.  One of 
the girls rubbing your feet moves up beside your hips and on your next 
thrust upward reaches under you.  She squeezes your cheeks and rubs her 
finger along your crack as you move in and out of another woman's mouth.  
As you come down relaxing your ass muscles, she deftly slips a well lubed 
finger inside your hole.  Again, you moan so loudly the girls have to hide 
their giggles.  They find it easy to pleasure you.

One of the girls rubbing your arms stopped doing that and leaned over your 
chest, winking at you before she took one of your nipples in her mouth.  
She licked and teased your nipple then bit down, hard.  You screamed with 
pleasure.  You reach down with your free hand to guide the woman sucking 
your cock.  You feel like you could do this forever but yet like you're 
going to come any second how.  You feel another mouth on your other nipple. 
 Two women were teasing and biting your nipples and another was sucking 
your cock--and doing a good job of it.  

A woman whispers in your ear, "I'm not supposed to do this but I can't help 
it" and presses her lips to yours.  Your tongue thrusts eagerly into her 
mouth, enjoying the wild abandonment of the whole thing.  All of a sudden 
your body starts to shake and spasm.  All of the women feel it coming and 
each one is encouraging you.  You feel a mouth licking your balls and 
another one is on your shaft.  You don't know how but there are three women 
giving you fellatio and two more at your chest.  You feel it building up 
from deep inside you.  You feel a tightening from between your legs and 
then you thrust, thrust and shoot your come into the throat of your dancing 
girl.  She swallows hard several times, drinking your love juices eagerly.
Slowly the girls lick you clean and wipe you with the velvet cloth, drying 
you with the fan.  You take a long cool drink.  You feel marvelous.  

I come dancing back into the room.  

"Thank you girls, that will be all."  

The girls leave, trailing their hands along your body as they go.  You feel 
a stirring between your legs again, already.

I move gracefully around you, enjoying the satisfied look on your face.

"Did you like that?  Did you enjoy all those women pleasuring you?  How did 
it feel to have so many women sucking your body?"

I don't really expect an answer.  Not from your mouth anyway.  Your now-
throbbing cock is giving me the response I want.  I can tell you 
want to touch me, to hold me, but still don't know what you are 
supposed to do so you lie there.

I sway back from you a bit and slowly move my hips around and around 
until your eyes are fixed on my body.  I heave my stomach so it ripples 
in and out, emphasizing my skinny waist.  I lift one foot and set it on 
the bed.  You look at the color and jewelry adorning my normally ordinary 
looking foot.  Your eyes move upward and you can see my shapely, newly-
tanned legs.  That's how you saw my legs!  Instead of the slits being on 
the side of the heavy skirt, there is a slit right up the front so when I 
move just right, my legs show.  I move the skirt aside to show you 
that the slit goes all the way to my waist.  Not only can you see my legs
 but now you can see my clean-shaven pussy.  Just like the innocent 
pussy of a little virgin.  I put my foot back on the floor.  

You want me.  There's no doubt.    

I keep dancing slowly, gyrating in ways you didn't know were possible.  I 
treat you to a glance of my legs and my pussy now and then.  I grab 
my bra-top and pull off the breast patches which are just velcroed on to 
bra straps.  I have a glittering deep blue frame around my flushed breasts.
I tweak my own nipple.  I pull off the veil from my face and blow you a 
kiss.  I want you so bad but you just came, and came hard, so I want to 
make sure you are really worked up and ready for me.  The surprise is not 
yet over.  

I dance over beside you and you reach for me.  You catch some material from 
my skirt but that's all.  I twirl away.  Belly dancing originated from 
mothers teaching daughters about sex and child birth.  You too will be 
knowledgeable when I'm done!

I slide the skirt a bit on the belt, opening the slit.  Now as I dance the 
slit is stuck open so you can see the movement of my pelvis.  If you look 
carefully, you can see the wetness below my hot cunt.  Ah, yes.  I'm 
holding myself back as well.  

As much as I'm enjoying this little game, I can't contain myself any longer
  I climb onto the bed in between your legs and turn around, facing away 
from you.  The rear slit of the skirt (of course!) falls open revealing my 
white ass cheeks and shiny pink rosebud of a hole.  (I've obviously prepared 
myself with a lot of lubricant.)

"Master, I'd like to present you with this gift.  Please accept my virgin 
rosebud as yours to take.  I'm ready for you.  I want to feel your hot meat 
inside my tight hole.  Please, fill my desire.  I've never done this before 
but I want to now.  I want to so bad.  Please don't deny me."

I wiggle my ass invitingly in front of you.  

				-ooo-

Oh my God! I would never deny you this pleasure Honey. I've seen and felt every
other part of your wonderful body this weekend. I too want to complete the
exploration by filling your beautiful ass with my eager meat.

"Honey, that was the most incredible thing that anyone has ever done for me.
 I pray that I can repay you for your love and care."

I can't even begin to describe how wonderful you look from the mirror above.
You're the hottest woman I've ever meet, and your sexual passion is out of this
world. You look like a different woman now, I wonder if this is really the
same beautiful woman that has already given me the most wonderful weekend
in my life.

I grab my throbbing hard on with my right hand, and your waist with the other.
I slowly guide my happy meat into your hungry ass. You continue to do a little
belly thing, easing the penetration. You moan with pleasure as I slowly fill
your forbidden zone. Ooooooo. I can feel your ass muscles contracting around my
throbbing cock. As you feel fuller than ever before, you can also feel my
cock throbbing inside you. From the mirror above I see a happy face. Your
expression leaves no doubt in my mind, you're in heaven Honey. I'm all the way 
in now. For several seconds we just lay there wondering if it can possibly
get better, it already feels sooooooooo good.

I take your right hand in mine and slowly move your hand down to your pussy.
"Ooooooooooooooo," you moan as I move your own fingers over your hot wet
pussy. You automatically begin to move your fingers to please your sensitive
pussy. I take your hips in my hands and slowly begin to move my rock hard
cock in and out of your tight ass. "Oh God that feels incredible," you pant
as you begin to move you're fingers in and out of your hot pussy. I can still
see you from the mirror, God you're so beautiful, God your so sexual.
As I move in and out of your ass, you begin to make more noises.

You're breathing rapid, and sweat is now forming on your breasts. I slow down
just enough to take your hands. I move your hands down over to your legs.
Your eyes were closed but you open them when I move my right hand to your
pussy. Seeing my hand on your pussy turns you on even more. I continue to
pump in and out of your beautiful tight ass, while fingering your clitoris
with my right hand. I move my left hand to your left tit and begin to pinch
and tease your nipple. You're now moving your hands up and down your sexy
legs. The vision from the mirror turns both of us on. Who will cum first?
I continue to fuck your ass with my hot meat, while fucking your pussy
with my finger. I slide another finger in and push as deep as I can go.
I get a sudden turn on when I can feel my cock with my fingers, both deep
inside you. You know what's going on and we both are having a sexual frenzy.

You move your right hand down to mine and show me how deep you want me to go.
You manage to force another one of my fingers in, now your moaning even
loader. "Oh my God Don, this feels so wonderful," you scream. I continue
to love your breasts by squeezing them both to pleasure, moving from one to
the other. My right hand is very active in your pussy. I wish I could shove
my fist deep inside you, but I think enough is enough. You turn your head
to the side and our mouths meet for a wonderful hot kiss. After several
minutes of kissing and fucking, you break our kiss and scream!
"Oh my GOD DON, I'm cuming...... it feels...Oh God......AAAAAAAAaaaaaoooooo"
Hearing you scream with that much pleasure was all it took for me. I starting
cuming inside your now larger hot ass. You could feel my cum hit deep inside
you, and I could feel it with my hand. You start shaking with pleasure and I
continue to fuck both of your wonderful sex holes. I see a woman in
the mirror that obviously is experiencing very intense pleasure. While you
cum, your hand automatically races to your tits and you start squeezing them.

The images that we both see in the mirror continue to turn us both on.
It's incredible, but we aren't stopping. I'm still fucking you to pleasure
and we both seem unwilling to stop. "Oh God, my body is completely on fire
Don, I've never felt this good." We continue to make love, and kiss.
Several minutes go by before I take your hand and move it down to your pussy.
You already know what to do. You start to masturbate in just the right places.
As you push your fingers inside you, you can feel my hard cock from behind.
This really turns you on, and you continue to play.

I use my free hands to love your body and breasts, I move them all over your
beautiful sexy and now sweaty body. You break our kiss and start to stare in
the mirror. I wonder what you're thinking while you watch as you make love
to your pussy. This time I cum first, the feeling is even more incredible
than the first. "Oh my God Honey, this feels so good, oooooooooooooooooo."
I continue and a minute later, you let out another scream of pleasure.
Your hand is moving very fast as you bring your pussy to the fullest possible
pleasure. Shock waves move through your body.

Several minutes later your body goes numb, we stop. We tip to one side and
I very slowly pull out of you. It's easy since my dick is now a little toy.
We're both spent. I kiss you on the lips and then disapear into the 
bathroom.

				-^^^-
[8]
				-^^^-

I very slowly pull out of you. It's easy since my dick is now a little toy.

We're both spent.  I kiss you on the lips and then disappear into the 
bathroom.
		
				-^^^-
I don't know what happened to you but i fell asleep instantly.  I
was so completely exhausted it was unreal.  

I had all kinds of dreams that night.  I started by dreaming that someone
was gently caressing my body.  It felt so real...

I had all kinds of wild and sexual dreams all night long.  I can't believe
the state of mind I must've been in to dream like that.

The most vivid dream came toward morning.  I dreamt that we were in Hawaii
together as we are now.  I dreamt that you and I were lying in bed together
and my husband David walked in.  I didn't know how to handle the situation. 
 He knew about us, he had set up our whole weekend, but to face him while I 
was in bed with you was a whole different situation.  We were lying on top 
of the bedcovers, clean and nude.  You were very comfortable with the 
situation and greeted my husband with a friendly bear hug.  I was still 
speechless.  David came over to me and hugged me and asked how I was 
feeling.  "G-g-g-g-good," was all I could stammer out.

"Look!  I taught your wife something new.  Would you like to see?" you 
asked.

"Sure," David responded.  He leaned over and gave me a kiss then sat down 
on a chair facing the bed.  

You climbed on the bed and caressed me a bit.  Kissing and touching so I 
would relax for this show we were putting on for my husband.  "Just forget 
he's in the room, Honey.  Just enjoy what we're doing together and forget 
everything else."

I did.  I think in real life it would be very difficult but because this 
was a dream I just accepted what you said and relaxed.  You rolled me over 
so I was laying on my stomach and began rubbing my back.  I became very 
relaxed.  You started rubbing my back with one hand.  With the other, you 
were putting lube on your already-hard cock.  I didn't know that's what 
you were doing.  You pulled me up so I was on my hands and knees, doggy style.
You put more lube on your fingers and started running them around the rim 
of my asshole.  I got very excited both by your actions and by the thought 
of what you were preparing me for.  I was also a bit nervous too.  I was 
afraid it would hurt, since I was sore from the previous night's activities
  I was afraid of David's reaction since I would be performing a sexual 
act for him that I had never done with him.  But of course, I wasn't 
thinking clearly either so somehow this all seemed to make sense.

You moved your finger around my rim unti I lost my nervousness and began to 
wiggle with excitement.  You inserted one finger slowly, working it in my 
hot, tight hole.  You slid your finger in and out making sure it moved 
easily.  You put another finger with the first and inserted both in my hole.
This required some effort on your part but I contributed by moving my belly 
in its dancing motions and that helped your fingers slid in.  As your 
fingers slid in and out, I inadvertantly moaned.  I became embarrassed at 
my reaction to another man in front of my husband and I couldn't look at 
David.  You got even more excited, though, and said, "I think she's ready."

You kneeled behind me on the bed and pressed the tip of your fully engorged 
cock against my rosebud.  At first nothing happened but then my body gave a 
bit and I enveloped your cockhead in my back door.  Now it was your turn to 
moan.  You could feel my insides massaging the head of your cock, burning 
tightly around it.  You pushed hard and steadily until your entire cock 
was inside me.  For a moment, we both just relished the feeling of you 
filling me up so much and throbbing inside me.  I glanced imperceptibly 
over at David and saw an excited look on his face.  I looked down and was 
surprised to see he had his cock out of his pants and was fondling it as he 
watched us.

Everything was so real and yet so unreal.  That's the way dreams are, I 
guess.  Anyway, the next thing that happened occurred so suddenly I don't 
remember what anyone said or how it happened but the next thing I knew, 
David was laying underneath me, guiding his prick inside me while you were 
kneeling behind me, filling my ass with your cock.  This was the strangest 
thing that I had ever dreamed!  I could tell when David slid easily into my 
very wet and hungry cunt that you could feel his cock, rubbing against 
yours through a membrane inside my body.  I couldn't see you, because you 
were behind me but I could see David.  His eyes were closed and his face 
was red and sweaty.  He looked as if he could've come the moment he entered 
me but he held back.  

I felt your pace quicken.  It didn't hurt but it felt very wild.  I've 
never felt so full in my life.  For a moment, I sleazily wondered what it 
would be like if a man had his cock in my mouth while this was happening.  
How could I have thought that?

I heard you grunt and move erratically then come inside me, shooting your 
hot blast of cum.  David moaned deeply and moved faster inside me.  You 
didn't pull out yet.  I think you wanted David to have the extra heat and 
stimulation of feeling you.  It must've worked because in just a few more 
seconds, David shot his blast in me.  I don't remember if I orgasmed or not
  The whole thing was so weird and wild that I'm surprised I can remember 
this much detail.

Like I said, I had dreams all night (or I should say for the few hours I 
slept) but that was the strangest and clearest one of all.

When I woke up, you were already up, sitting beside me on the bed reading 
the newspaper.  On the table was a large tray of steaming food (how did you 
know when I'd wake up) and a bottle of champagne along with a bowl of fresh 
strawberries.  Breakfast in bed--you are so thoughtful.
  
				-ooo-

I enjoy serving you food in bed. While I feed you strawberries, you play a
game trying to bite my fingers, but I'm too quick. I open our bottle of
bubbly champagne and we drink it together. We giggle about the fact that we
need to get out of here and still fly back home. At least an hour goes by and
we realize that we've now drunk the entire bottle of champagne. We both
feel buzzed and horny. This is good, very good.

				-^^^-

After eating, you lead me to the bed.  

"I hate to say it, Honey, but our fantastic weekend is drawing to a close.  
I want to make love with you one last time.  I want to do everything I can
to pleasure you.  This weekend has been incredible and I'm only sorry that
it has to end."

You kiss me softly and lay me down on the bed.  You pull the belt of my 
robe and it opens, revealing my breasts with taut nipples, my flat belly, 
slightly protruding hip bones and shaved pussy.  Your eyes run up and down 
the length of my naked body.  I'm starting to get uncomfortable with your 
penetrating stare so I decide to take some control over the situation.

I sit up and tug at the belt on your robe.  It opens, revealing your cock, 
already standing at attention.  It is at eye level to me.  I slide my hands 
up and down your inner thighs, tickling you and watching the effect my 
touch is having on your meat.  It grows even larger than it was.  I cup 
your balls in my hands and listen to you sigh.  I glance up and your eyes 
are closed.  Beads of perspiration are forming on your forehead.  You look 
happy and sad at the same time.  I slowly stroke your shaft, being very 
careful not to touch your head.  I begin with a feather-light touch, almost 
more of a tickly than a rub.  Up and down I run my fingers.  I can feel so 
much heat coming from you it's amazing.  I touch you firmer so you can feel 
my fingers against your flesh but I'm not pulling on the skin of your shaft
yet.  I'm just rubbing slowly down to your balls then back up, almost to 
your glans.  I hold you tighter, this time moving your skin along with my 
hand, up and down.  You're breathing harder but not saying aword.  I feel 
your hand reach down and rub my hair.  I form a ring with my index finger 
and thumb and wrap it firmly around the base of your cock, like a cock ring
  

Slowly, I touch the tip of your cock with my tongue.  I feel you jerk 
involuntarily, then sigh.  I lick your head slowly, covering every bit of skin.
I run my tongue around the rim of your glans, then across the shallow slit 
and gently poke at the hole on top.  I purse my lips at the tip and give 
you a little kiss.  I do it again, but tongue your tip at the same time.  
The third time I kiss your cock, I suck hard and draw you into my mouth.  
My mouth envelopes the head of your cock and I hear you moan.  I slide my 
lips upward, then suck hard, down again, past your head taking in a lot of 
your shaft.  I still am forming a ring around your cock, making sure the 
pleasure is drawn out.  With my other hand, I gently tease your balls.
I suck in again, enjoying the taste of your sex.  I feel your hand on the 
back of my head, pulling me in closer to you forcing me to take in more of 
your cock.  I gladly do so, drawing you in my mouth sucking hard and 
tonguing your head and shaft on the way in and out.  With great effort, you
pull away from me.

"This will be the last time, Honey, and I don't want to come that way.
Thank you for all you have done, but I owe you so much for the weekend you 
have given me.  It's my turn to do for you."

"Don, you don't..."

"Shhh.  I want to.  Don't say a word.  Just enjoy."

We're both so ready.  We want to take it slow and enjoy this but are both 
anxious and can hardly control ourselves.  

You touch my breasts and delight in their quick response to you.  My 
nipples have hardened into raisen-like nubs just waiting for your tongue to 
touch them.  Instead, you run your hands up and down the outside of my 
smooth, shapely legs.  I reach for you and rub your chest and shoulders.
You lean down and lick each of my nipples.  I rub your neck, your hair and 
your shoulders some more, massaging your muscles.

"Am I going to have to tie you up again, Honey?  It's my turn.  You have to 
behave yourself."

"I am, Don.  O.k., I mean, I will."

You grin, knowing that I want you so bad I'll agree to almost anything so 
long as you continue.

You move quickly, taking me by surprise after all of our slow motions.  You 
pull my legs apart and position yourself in between.  I can feel your 
breath on my hot pussy but nothing more.  You wait.  I can still feel your 
breath but nothing more.  You wait so long I can't stand it.

"Please, Don.  I can't wait any longer.  Please, I want to feel your mouth 
on my hot pussy.  I want you to make me come.  Work magic on me as only you 
know how!"

You laugh quietly.  Apparently that was all you had been waiting for.  I 
feel your tongue gently rasp against my sensitive inner thighs.  I moan 
with delight.  You lick below my cunt in that tiny spot before my asshole.  
I begin to move involuntarily, my body begging you to lick my love button.
You put your hands on my hips, holding me firm.  You lick my pussy lips 
slowly, one at a time.  Feels sooooo good!  You start over, my thighs, the 
little spot below my cunt, my lips.  I moan louder.  I'm gripping the 
pillow on either side of my head.  My eyes are closed and I feel super-
alive.  This is wonderful.  You push my legs further apart and lift them up 
a bit and slide a pillow underneath my ass.  I am now fully open and 
exposed to you.  You run your tongue around the edge of my cunt-hole, 
tasting my juices.  You slowly lick my inner labia, sending shivers through 
my body.  You continue your tease on me as I pant and moan and thrash about
  You know just what you're doing to me and you're loving it.

You begin to lap at my hole and slide your tongue inside a bit.  My hips 
are bucking up and you have to hold them down again to keep me from getting 
in your way.  You lick my cunt and tease me, exploring my entire pussy -
except my clit.  You back off a bit and again lick my thighs, my lips, my 
inner labia, my hole - licking and sucking me mercilessly.  You move your 
head back a bit and kiss and nibble at my inner thighs while getting a good 
look at my pussy.  My clit is hard and red, throbbing right in front of you
 demanding your attention.  You know you've teased me longer than I 
thought I could handle so you move in on your target.

I feel your breath as you approach and it's right on my magic button.  I 
start to move my hips to meet you but you push me back down.  I can't stand 
this and I moan loudly.  I want to demand you to lick my clit but I know 
you'll only do it when you're ready and you might tease me longer if I say 
anything.

Slowly, you reach your tongue out to my clit.  When I feel your touch, my 
whole body spasms wildly and I feel my cunt juices really start to flow.
You lick my clit and wiggle it wildly.  You have to hold me with all of 
your might as I moan and scream and move as much as your hold permits.
I orgasm more intensely than I ever have before.  I'm gasping and panting 
as you bring me down gently.

But you don't stop.

You continue to lick my pussylips and move your tongue inside licking, 
sucking and tasting every part of my sex.  At first I can't even respond, 
I'm so spent.  But again, my body can't resist.  I start moving against 
your tongue, enjoying the fact that you're enjoying me.  Again, I explode 
from your tongue's magic on my clit.  You lick me clean, then begin to lick 
my clit again.

"Oh, stop, Don.  I mean really stop.  I can't take it any more and I want 
you inside so bad.  Please, I want to feel your hard cock inside my pulsing 
pussy.  I want you now."

You hesitate, as if deciding, but grin and I realize this was your intent 
all along.  You kneel above me, kiss my lips gently, then slowly push 
inside of me. I feel my pussy stretch wide to accommodate you and then I 
feel so full.  You lay down on me and just hold still for a moment, 
allowing us both to enjoy the moment.  You kiss me again, then slowly pull 
out until just your glans is buried in my tunnel.  You push in as slowly as 
you can.  We both groan at the feelings and control this is taking.  I am 
so wet inside that it's like a fantastic lube that enhances every movement. 
 I can feel your cock throbbing against the walls of my pussy and I you 
feel my pussy gently squeezing your cock.  We are both sweaty from the 
exertion, even though we are barely moving.  We want this to last.

You continue this slow movement in and out of me and start to kiss my face. 
 You kiss my forehead, my cheeks, my chin, my nose, and finally kiss my 
lips.  I eagerly kiss back and our tongues duel furiously.  I am moaning 
and kissing you hard, pushing my hips up to meet yours.  I grind slowly 
against you and feel your pelvis push against my clit.  I moan long and 
loud.  You didn't notice what happened but felt me push against you again 
and moan once more.  You realize what was happening so you try to enhance 
it by wiggling a bit as our bodies meet.  I push against you more quickly 
this time, wanting more, and squeezing you inside me.  With every stroke in
 my clit is hit.  The whole thing is driving me so crazy that I begin to 
move faster, and you meet my strokes.  Soon, you are pounding in to me and 
I am crying out my pleasure.  From down deep inside me, I feel a spasm 
building.

"I'm going to...Oh, Don, YES...I...ugn...I'm cumming..."

My whole body thrashes and I fling my legs around you to hold on.  My body 
spasms as I feel thrills of pleasure running through me.  My actions, 
especially feeling my insides moving around your hard member, bring you
to the top.  I feel your hot cum shoot inside me as you thrust hard,
several times.  

"Oh, Honey.  I'm cumming...Here's it is...AHH!"

You lay down on me.  Both of our bodies are still quaking with after shocks 
of our activities.  We're breathing too hard to speak.  When we finally can 
speak, neither of us wants to.  We both know that this is a bittersweet 
moment.  It was wonderful, but it has to end.

I feel so confused.  This has been the wildest experience of my life.  It 
was a wonderful weekend and I don't want it to end.  At the same time, I 
know it wouldn't be like this always with Don, any more than it is like 
this always with David.  I love David and I look forward to seeing him
and being with him again.

You lead me to the shower.  You see the confusion on my face and try to 
relieve it.

"Don't worry about it, Honey.  I know you love David and I want you to be 
with him.  This is just a real fantasy weekend.  Enjoy it while it lasts -
and that includes now, hop in."

You turn the water on warm with gentle massage.  We take our time washing 
each other, enjoying the feel of the slippery soap on one another's bodies.
We pat each other dry and dress in casual clothes for the flight home.

The weather is acceptable for flying but rough enough that you cannot put 
it on autopilot.  You stay in the pilot's seat throughout the flight and I 
stay in the co-pilot's except to get us drinks and snacks.  We talk mostly 
about our lives at home, trying to adjust our mindset form the weekend, 
back to reality.  I'm surprised at how quickly we arrive home.

You load our luggage into the car, telling me I'm to keep all the clothes 
and things you purchased for me (but to think of you whenever I use them.)
You see I'm melancholy again so before we leave, you turn to me.

"Honey, I want to thank you for the most wonderful weekend of my life.  Now 
it's time to go home and love that wonderful husband of yours.  Tell him 
anything you want about the weekend and keep any parts secret that you wish
  It's up to you.  This weekend was only meant to help your reality, not 
hurt it.  David knows and understands.  Heck, he set this whole thing up.
If you'd like, maybe someday there'll be another weekend for us.  Either 
way, I want to thank you for one 'Honey of a Weekend'. "

I laugh at your lame attempt at a pun.  You are happy to see me laugh so 
you start cracking some silly jokes as we pull out of the airport and go 
home.  We pull into the driveway.  You lean over and give me a quick peck 
on the cheek then hop out of the car.  You carry all of my bags to the 
porch, then drive off.  I start to unlock the door but it opens before I 
can.

There stands David, better than Michaelangelo's David, standing 
impressively before me.  I love him so much.

He looks at me with a mischievous grin.

"Have a nice weekend, Honey?"

			-ooo-

	The End (or is it?)



--
