Archive-name: Changes/hookertv.txt
Archive-author: Regina Smith
Archive-title: Hooker TV


     When Jean,my wife came in the door that Saturday afternoon
from shopping I should have known she was up to something. She
had that devilish look in her eye that usually means a night of
play, but I never knew what to expect. Ever since she found out
about my dressing up and accepted it whole heartedly, life has
been one sexual experience after another. She and I have been
living as two women for about a year now.

     She was carrying a lot of packages when she came in and I
went over to help her carry them in from the car. I was wearing
my usual day wear attire, a denim skirt, flamboyant, and mid
heel shoes, but I still got a toot from a trucker driving past
the house. I still, and always will love the attention I get from
men!

     As I helped her in she said she and I were going to have a
good time tonight. She didn't elaborate and I didn't press the
issue. She has always been careful to keep me out of trouble.
When we got inside she went into the bedroom and got ready to
take a shower and suggested I do the same. We showered together
and she complimented me on my breast that were shaping up nicely
from the hormones I had been taking. After we got out She and I
made love on the floor, no matter how many men I have, I still
like a woman's touch now and then.

     She said she would pick out my lingerie for the night if I
didn't mind and after we had our lingerie on she would show me
what she bought for us to wear.

     She handed me a red and black lace bra with underwires that
would push my smallish breast into a nice cleavage. I was also to
wear a pair of black lace panties and a red and black garter
belt. As I was putting them on she handed me a pair of red silk
hose with a golden seam up the back. I slid them up my smooth
legs. Ouuuuuuuuuuuu, did they ever feel nice and were sexy as all
heck.

     Jean put on an equally sexy set of lingerie except her hose
were black. I ask her what we were dressing for, a hookers ball?

     She laughed and said I was close, we were going out and make
enough money to pay for the clothes she had bought, we were going
to be hookers for the night!

     She opened the first box and gave me my skirt and top for
the night. WOW, it was a black leather mini skirt with a zipper
up both sides, and a red silk top that was more transparent that
the hose I had just put on. As I slipped into the blouse, Jean
said my breasts would be very sexy if I didn't wear a bra, but I
decided to wear one just the same. She told me to go put on the
sexiest makeup and perfume I had while she got ready. I did as I
was asked and put on very deep violet shadow dark eyeliner and
black mascara. I put a dark shade of red gloss on my lips and did
my nails in the same color. When I walked out of my room Jean was
standing there in a black mini dress with sequins and a pair of
black patent leather shoes. She handed me a pair just like them
to wear, they had five inch heels and when I put them on and
looked in the mirror, we looked like the two prettiest sluts I
had ever seen. We both agreed that we should have no trouble
making some friends tonight.

     It was about 10:30 when we got out of the car in the porno
district of the city were we live. We each took a different side
of the street and started to strut. I tried to act just like I
had seen the real hookers act and before I got ten feet a man in
his fifties came up and asked me how much for a blow job. Gee, we
hadn't even discussed how much we were going to charge. I told
him 25.00 and he asked me if I was a cop. I asked him the same
thing. We both said no and I walked to his car. I looked across
the street and Jean was standing the with a guy too. She looked
over and gave me a thumbs up sign I giggled and got in to the
tricks car.

     We drove around the corner to a parking garage and he had
his cock out before he turned off the engine. I held my hand out
for the cash and he handed me a twenty and a five. I shoved it
into my purse and went to work. His cock was not all that long
but it was very thick. I kissed and licked the tip for a awhile
and started to lick the sides. He grabbed me by the hair and said
to suck it now, so I did, I took him into my mouth and started to
suck him off. He was real turned and was rubbing his hands up and
down my legs. I told him to be careful cause I was on the rag. He
said to keep sucking and shut up. So I did and soon he was
filling my mouth with thick cum. I swallowed it all and licked
him clean. He told me I was one of the best he had ever had and
gave me an extra five dollars. He drove me back to the corner and
dropped me off. I looked at my watch, the whole thing had taken
less than 15 minutes and I already had $30.00 and the night was
still young. I looked over for Jean and she was also getting out
of a car and smiling over at me she waved some bills in the air.
It seemed we were doing alright.

     When I turned around there were two guys eyeing me up. One
walked over and asked me if I was a cop, I did the same. He
looked at me and said, "you're a tv aren't you?" I told him he
was very observant. He said he and his friends would like to rent
me for a while. I asked him how many friends, and he said two. I
really wasn't into doing a bunch of guys at once so I told him
$500 for and hour. He smiled and said ok, but wamted an hour and
a half. I asked him where, and he pointed out a motor home parked
on the next block. I asked if his friends would mind me being a
tv and he said no, that they were all gay and really wanted a
dude, but couldn't find one suitable. I walked arm in arm with
him and his friend to the next block. I told him for and an extra
hundred I could get a girlfriend to be with us. He said sure. I
looked over to Jean and motioned for her to come over. When she
did I told her what was going on, she loved the idea, and we all
walked to the motor home.

     When we stepped inside there was only one black light on but
I could see that there were five guys in the place plus the two
that were following us. I balked, and the guy said not to worry,
that they would make it up to us in extra cash. I walked in and
immediately two guys grabbed me and pulled me down on the sofa.
The guy who brought us in warned them that I was on the rag and
could only give head. They had their dicks in my face in minutes
and I started to work them over. I looked over and saw jean was
already on the floor on her hands and knees getting fucked and
sucking a guy off at the same time. While I was doing the two
cocks in front of me the dude who bought me came up behind me and
lifted my skirt and pulled down my panties. He slid his cock up
and down the crack of my ass and told his friends "look guys I
found a drag queen and she's all ours."

     With that he rammed his cock into me , luckily I had lubed
my self good prior to leaving home. His cock was all the way in
and his friends were cheering him on. It felt so good. It was
very long too, cause I could feel it in my stomach it seemed. I
was still working on the cocks in front of me while he fucked my
ass. Suddenly one of the cocks in front started to cum and he
pulled out and shot all over my face. The one I was jacking off
put his in my mouth and started to cum too. My did he ever shoot
a lot, I swallowed what I could but some trickled out of my
mouth.. They stepped away and the guy fucking me started to buck
harder and faster. I looked for my wife and saw she was on her
back with a cock in her pussy ,one in her mouth and one in each
hand. She glanced over and winked at me. I went back to fucking
this stud in my ass. Soon he started to cum and he pulled out and
shot cum over my ass cheeks. He put his cock back in and I milked
out the last of his cum with my ass muscles as he rubbed his cum
into my skin like it was some kind of skin cream. After that I
rested for a while and one of the tricks gave me a glass of wine.
I sat back and watched Jean finish off her four friends and we
all laughed as she was soon covered with sperm. I gave her a
drink of my wine and she gave me a sexy wink and she walked to
the toilet to get wiped off.

     When she came back out she was greeted by the site of me on
the floor surrounded by 7 hard cocks I would suck for a while on
one then move to the other. I was jerking off the ones on either
side of the one I was sucking. Jean asked if I needed any help
and I told her yes. She got down next to me back to back and we
started to suck each one off. Before long they each started to
cum. They tried to wait till they were in a mouth but some
couldn't. Cum was flying all over the place I was having fun
trying to catch it all. When they were done, Jean and I cleaned
ourselves up and walked to the door. The guy who propositioned us
to begin with, gave me an envelope and said there was a Phone
number in it and that I should call him sometime. I looked in it
and there was also 7 one hundred dollar bills. I winked and told
him any time and we left.

     I gave two more blow jobs that night and if Jean hadn't got
tired I would have given more, but she was ready, so we walked to
the car and drove home. Jean opened her purse and counted our
take for the night. We made over 900 dollars. I said I couldn't
believe it, and neither could she, I leaned over and gave her a
kiss on the cheek and told her how much I loved her. she told me
the same. We drove home showered and went straight to bed, we
were both too exhausted to do anything else. I think we will be
making more trips to town in the future. It sure is a fun way to
pay for a wardrobe!

--
