* [Sex Stories Galore]
* [http://www.escape.com/~peteo/story]
* [All Your Adult Story Needs!]




                        DAUGHTER'S HORNY URGE


    "This is perverted", sixteen-year-old Fiona told herself as she crept
 down the darkened hallway of her house, moving closer to the soft moans
 coming from her parents bedroom. It was almost one o'clock in the
 morning, and Fiona, clad in her flimsy powder blue nightie had been
 fighting the urge to peek for ages. Images of being caught peeking
 flashed into her mind, the outrage of her parents, the embarrassment of
 it.

    But other images flashed too. Images off passionate, wriggling bodies
 and glistening skin... a hard cock, swaying testicles... legs sensually
 spread wide and spasming. Fiona couldn't help herself, she had to look.
 Quietly, she opened the bathroom door, the one that connected into her
 parents bedroom. Just as she had hoped, the door was open. In the
 darkness, she crept silently forward, until she could see the bed, and
 the writhing bodies upon it.

    The soft creak of the bed could be heard now, and in the dim light of
 the room she could see her father, Jerry kneeling behind her mother,
 Janet. Jerry had a handful of Janet's hair, from behind, and his lower
 body was pressed firmly against hers. Her mother's head was arched back
 and her luscious ass was arched up against her husband. The dimness of
 the light reduced the image to black and white, Janet's ass looking
 smooth, round, and unblemished, her father's muscles rippling as he
 hunched into his writhing wife. The covers were a heaped mess on the
 floor at the foot of the bed, and Fiona noticed that her mother was all
 but shredding the bottom sheet with her long fingernails which dug into
 the mattress deeply for support.

    Fiona felt a knot in her stomach, one that twisted all the way down
 between her young legs. Jerry moved in slow, even strokes, arching his
 back and thrusting into his lovely wife with long, deep jabs. Each thrust
 brought a primal growl from deep inside Janet's throat, and Fiona watched
 her mother's hips move back instinctively, forcing her father's huge
 shaft deeper inside her.

    "God! You're so fuckin' tight like this!" Jerry whispered, his words
 carrying, easily to Fiona's ears in the nearby bathroom.  Janet half
 moaned, half sighed her response, pushing her upper body up on her hands,
 her full breasts swaying beneath her slim, supple body.

    "Fuck me hard." she breathed. "Fuck me hard and fast. Cum in me!"

    Fiona couldn't believe her ears! Her nipples were already hard,
 excited by what she'd seen and heard so far. Now they ached to be touched
 and Fiona's right hand found her nipple, teasing it.  She watched as her
 father began thrusting faster into her mother's raised ass, their bodies
 making an audible "smack", Janet's breasts bouncing, and the flesh of her
 ass rippling.  Fiona felt her panties clinging to her crotch, moistened
 with her own juices.

    "Yesss!" Janet hissed. "Fuck my ass. Pump your cum in my asshole, you
 big gorgeous stud."

    Fiona heard the words and couldn't believe it. Her father was actually
 fucking her mother's ass!  She had heard about that kind of thing at
 school, but treated it with incredulous suspicion. Now she was witnessing
 it for herself, in her own house, with her own parents! It was incredibly
 exciting. Fiona let out a low sigh... a sigh of lustful teenage arousal.
 Her left hand replaced her right on her nipples, and her right hand slid
 under her panties and between her legs. Fiona knew she was wet, and she
 slipped one finger deep into herself, rubbing her clit frantically. She
 had been masturbating since she was twelve years old, and by now knew
 exactly how to bring herself off in the shortest possible time. She
 slipped another finger into her tight, little cunthole and began to move
 it in and out.

    The two bodies on the bed undulated and writhed about, glistening even
 in the semi-darkness of the room.  Janet's long dark hair flailed about
 as her body heaved and bucked to Jerry's rhythm.  It wasn't long before
 Jerry groaned and began fucking his wife even harder. He was pulling on
 her hips and slamming his cock into her so hard that Janet's whole body
 shook. To young Fiona, it looked almost like her father was trying to
 drive even his balls inside her mother's cunt.  Suddenly, they both
 stiffened and shuddered. Their groans and loud breathing filled the air
 for a few long moments, and then they fell silent.

    In the sudden silence Fiona stopped cold.  Her own heavy breathing was
 covered by theirs, as was the wet, squishing sounds her fingers had been
 making in her pussy.  She slowly caressed herself and watched the two
 lovers on the bed, her father on top of her mother from behind, both
 kissing and fondling each other in post-coital bliss, just floating along
 together. Fiona finally realized the show was over and she crept back to
 her bed, still excited by what she'd witnessed. Her own sleep came only
 after she'd rubbed her gooey little slit to orgasm, fantasizing about her
 father's cock as she came.

    The next morning Janet was in the kitchen first, having made coffee
 and preparing to make breakfast for the three of them.  Fiona shuffled in
 wearing her robe, shaking out her long golden hair.

    "Well! Good morning, sleepy-head!" her mother said cheerfully, handing
 over a hot cup.

    "'Morning, Mom", Fiona said blearily. "Thanks."

    "Well, you look dreadful."

    "I have an excuse, Mom", smiled Fiona.

    "Mmmmm?... and what might that be, dear?" asked her mother absently.

    "All that noise you and Dad were making last night."

    "Oh? I'm sorry, did we wake you, honey?" Janet asked looking surprised.

    "Yeah, it's okay though." Fiona said.

    Fiona looked at her mother. They had always had a good relationship,
 more like friends than mother and daughter, and Fiona knew she could talk
 about sex with her mother openly.

    "Is Daddy good in bed, Mom?" asked Fiona, almost innocently.

    Her mother blushed, even through her early summer tan.

    "Well, er... yes, I'd ah... I'd have to say he was very good",
 stammered Janet. "But it's not something a young girl asks about her
 father, dear"

    "Why, Mom?"

    Her daughter had her there, Janet realized.

    "Ah... I... I don't know, it just isn't the done thing, that's all."

    "But, Mom, I thought you said for me to ask you anything about sex I
 wanted to know. You said anything at all, remember?"

    Janet swallowed uneasily. This was going to be difficult. She tried
 desperately to think of a reason not to answer her daughter's question,
 but couldn't think of one. Remembering how her own mother had avoided the
 subject of sex at all costs, Janet decided to be candid with her
 daughter. Sixteen years ago, Fiona herself had been the result of Janet's
 own dismal ignorance of sex.

    "Okay, honey", said Janet finally. "What exactly do you want to know?"

       "Nothing," replied the young girl, nonchalantly. "I was just
 wondering if you and Daddy did some of the things I've heard about at
 school, that's all."

    "And what sort of things have you been hearing at school?"

    "You know... weird things..."

    "You're going to have to be more explicit than that, dear. I have no
 idea what you're talking about."

    "Well, some of the other girls talk about sucking a guy's thing....
 you know his um... cock. Do you and Daddy do that sort of thing?"

    Janet almost went back on her promise to herself about telling Fiona
 the truth. But her daughter's unashamed frankness prevented her. The last
 thing she wanted was Fiona growing up disgusted with sex, in any of it's
 forms.

    "Yes, sometimes we do, honey", Janet admitted.

    Fiona's eyes lit up like birthday candles.

    "And um... does Daddy do the same for you, too? You know, lick your
 pussy?"

    "Sure", said her mother with a grin of insecurity.

    Fiona felt her own pussy moisten at the thought of her father's tongue
 licking her mother's hairy, wet cuntslit to orgasm.

    "Is he good, Mom?"

    "Mmmmmm, the best, baby", admitted Janet, feeling suddenly much more
 comfortable about talking to her daughter on so personal a subject.

    Fiona felt a sudden wetness between her thighs as her excitement
 leaked out through her panties and dampened the chair. She fought the
 urge to touch herself, crossing her legs instead.

    "Does Daddy have a big cock, Mom?", she asked, remembering that it had
 been too dark to see much the night before.

    "Now, you're getting a little too personal, dear", smiled her mother.
 "At least let your father and I have a few secrets"

    "Aw, mom!", frowned Fiona. After last night, she was eager for more
 juicy titbits from her mother.

    "All I'll say honey, is that your father is well-endowed, okay? Now,
 why don't you go and take a cold shower, young lady", giggled Janet.

    Fiona smiled. "Okay Mom," she said, walking down the hallway.

    Before entering the shower, Fiona surveyed herself in the mirror. What
 she saw pleased her mostly.  Fair skin but with a few too many freckles
 (never mind that most of her friends at school told her they were sexy),
 a pair of slightly bloodshot blue eyes, and a very attractive face. Her
 nose was a little too big she thought, but no one ever complained. Her
 best features, the ones she knew would always get the boys to look still
 pleased her.  Her hair was straight, and long, stopping just below her
 waist, like a golden-blonde waterfall. And her eyebrows, which matched
 her hair exactly. Some of the bolder boys had asked her if her "other"
 hair was so perfectly matched. Sometimes, if the boy was cute, Fiona
 playfully invited him to see for himself that it was.

    Her budding breasts weren't as large as she wanted, but at her age
 they were well proportioned to her lithe young body. Her waist was
 slender, and she was trim. Her history teacher had told her she had an
 athletic looking body, but he was always complimenting the more mature
 looking girls in his class, trying to get into their pants no doubt. He
 was kind of cute though, she mused. She wondered what his cock looked
 like, maybe if she played her cards right he'd even let her see it. Fiona
 stepped into the shower and soaped up, thinking of her mother and
 father's performance last night.  She didn't masturbate, she never could
 in the shower, but she did feel much better after she'd cleaned up and
 put on what little makeup she usually wore.  She brushed her long hair,
 still wet, and used the blow-dryer for about ten minutes. It was still
 damp when she stopped to answer the knock on the bathroom door.

    Her father stood in the hallway wearing jogging shorts and, as Fiona
 looked more closely... trying to keep an erection down. Fiona wore her
 robe but was naked underneath, and it showed. By the way he was staring
 at her, her father hadn't missed it either. She smiled and let her father
 into the bathroom, while she returned to the kitchen and the smell of
 bacon and eggs. Her mother's t-shirt was outside of her shorts now,
 something Fiona noticed quickly.

    "I see Daddy's said good morning to you." she said. Janet glanced down
 at her top, then looked over at Fiona, grinning.

    "Yeah, the animal!" she added with a wink.

    They ate breakfast when Jerry returned, and afterwards, Janet braided
 Fiona's long blonde hair. Then she took her shower with Jerry.  Fiona
 tried unsuccessfully to ignore the sounds of splashing fun coming from
 the bathroom but it was no good, her easily-aroused young pussy became
 instantly moist at the very thought of her mother and father's naked, wet
 bodies sliding sensually against each other under the steamy, cascading
 water.

    Afterwards, Janet and Jerry went out shopping, while Fiona contented
 herself with sunning on the patio, reading a new book by her favorite
 author. Her parents had offered to take her along, but Fiona knew they
 wanted to be alone. She'd lied about having to go out to a friend's
 house, just wanting to relax by herself for a while. She'd tell them her
 friend called to cancel as soon as they got back home. In the meantime,
 Fiona worked on her tan, hoping that her freckles would blend into a
 semblance of a tan at least. It was pretty and quiet in the mountains
 this time of year, but still warm, and Fiona only stayed in the sun for a
 short while before moving into the shade. She read for about an hour and
 a half, then dozed off.

    Fiona awoke, stretching like a cat, and then stood up. The light
 coating of sun-screen still glistened on her skin and felt slippery since
 she'd perspired during her nap. She picked up her towel and turned to
 enter the house when she saw her mother and her father inside. They
 obviously didn't know she was home, and hadn't seen her lying in the
 shade. Fiona watched through the large glass doors, her eyes wide,
 blinking in amazement or sleepiness.  Her mother lay on her back on the
 sofa, her ass at the edge of the cushions.  She was naked, with her legs
 high in the air, and her father was crouching between her thighs, rolling
 his face around in her open cunt.

    Her mother was shaking and rocking her hips, grinding her cunt up into
 Jerry's face, obviously enjoying his tongue. Fiona wondered what to do as
 she watched. Somehow they'd come back while she'd dozed off, and hadn't
 seen her out here. Her father made her mother come in a gasping orgasm
 which made Fiona very wet, and she wanted to finger her pussy, but she
 didn't dare. She didn't want them to catch her watching them, let alone
 masturbating while she did!

    Her parents swapped places, and now her mother was sucking on her
 father's cock. In the daylight Fiona could see that her mother's comments
 on the size of her father's cock were an understatement. The thing was
 huge!  The sight of his jutting organ sent a sensual thrill through her
 adolescent young body and Fiona squeezed her legs together in a vain
 attempt at relief. She picked up her book and ducked behind a wall, still
 watching her parents antics with growing excitement.

    Fiona watched as her mother sucked her father's cock with practiced
 expertise. Janet's naked body was smooth and evenly tan, except for the
 small light areas that showed the tiny bikini she normally wore. She
 could clearly see her mother's open cuntslit, wet with her father's
 saliva, and was only mildly surprised to find that the sight of her of a
 glistening, pink gash excited her almost as much as the sight of a
 rock-hard cock.  Concealed by the wall, Fiona slipped a hand beneath the
 waistband of her pants and began fingering her pussy as she stared with
 lust at at her horny parents. To the young girl, it seemed like her
 father's erect prick was almost a foot long. She didn't know how on earth
 her mother was taking it so far into her mouth, but she was anxious to
 find out.

    Fiona felt her feet moving, and she felt as though someone else was
 controlling them.  As she moved, it came to her that she was going to
 walk in on them, and she prepared an "excuse". If they objected or were
 embarrassed, she would simply go to her room, then shower off from her
 sunbathing. If they didn't object then...well, she'd see.

    Fiona took a deep breath and opened the door, walking in and closing
 it carelessly behind her.  Just as she entered, her mother looked up, and
 her father began to shoot.  Mother and daughter locked eyes for a moment,
 then Fiona's were drawn to the thick white cum spurting against her
 mother's neck and tits.  Janet looked down, paused, then gulped down
 Jerry's spurting cock, making him cry out loudly. Her father hadn't seen
 her yet, his eyes were tightly shut as he groaned out his orgasm in
 exquisite bliss. Her mother looked up and nodded towards the hallway.
 Fiona took one long last look at her father's slimy cock and tiptoed
 quickly towards her room.

    She had noticed the wetness and colour of her mother's aroused cunt,
 it excited her strangely.  As she walked she could feel the slipperiness
 of her own pussy and the tight, stiffness of her little nipples. She
 heard her mother whisper something to her father and the sound of hasty
 dressing.

        Fiona decided to take a shower in an attempt to cool down her
 incestuous arousal, and had just gotten undressed when she heard a soft
 knock at her door.

    "Yeah?"

    "It's me, sweetheart, can I come in for a moment?", she heard her
 mother's muffled voice ask.

    "Yeah! Come in, Mom!", said Fiona, hastily wrapping a towel around
 her naked young body.

    The door opened and her mother entered the room. She was fully dressed
 now, but her face still held a rosy flush of sexual excitement.

    "Can I talk to you about what happened just now?", asked Janet.

    Fiona looked embarrassed and a little frightened. She was certain her
 mother was going to give her a good chewed-out for spying on them.

    "I'm really sorry, Mom!", she spluttered, "I won't ever do it again,
 honest! I just couldn't help but notice you and Dad fu... um.. doing it!"

    Janet smiled at her daughter and sat down on the bed next to her.

    "Hey... hey... You're not in any trouble, honey. " she crooned,
 hugging the girl affectionately. "I'm not going to get mad at you for a
 little natural adolescent curiosity."

    "You're not?"

    "No! In fact, your father and I both agree that we should be more open
 with you rather than trying to hide what we do behind closed doors. Now
 that you're at that age where girls start to experiment with sex, we both
 want your first experiences to be as open and as pleasurable as
 possible."

    "You mean you told Daddy I saw you um... s..sucking his thing, just
 now?" asked Fiona fearfully.

    "Sure!", smiled Janet. "He was a little surprised at first, but when I
 told him about the lecherous way you were staring at his cock, I think he
 actually started to get hard again."

    "MOM! That's disgusting!", exclaimed Fiona, but she couldn't suppress
 a faint, mischievous little smile at the thought of her father getting
 aroused by her.

    "Not to me it's not, honey," chuckled Janet, "And don't be so smug, I
 know you want to get your hands on your father's big cock. I could see it
 in your eyes as you watched me suck him off just now. Am I right?"

    Fiona lowered her eyes and nodded silently, squiggling uncomfortably
 on the bed. Her mother was right, the sight of her Daddy's long, thick
 erection glistening with saliva and cum had been a tremendous turn-on for
 the young girl. Even now her little pussy was still itching with arousal
 at the very thought of her father's huge cock.

    "Don't be ashamed, baby" said Janet, hugging her daughter close. "I
 had the same feelings about my father when I was your age. I guess nearly
 every little girl does at some stage or another."

    "Really?", chirped Fiona, happy that she was not alone in her
 incestuous fantasies.

    "Sure. But not every girl is lucky enough to get a chance to actually
 do anything about it," said her mother with a sly little grin.

    "You don't mean that you and...  grandpa.... actually..... "

    "....fucked?" Janet said, finishing her daughter's question for her.
 "We still do, sweetheart. Your grandfather is hardly an old man you know,
 he's only fifty one and believe me, he can still give your father a run
 for his money in the bedroom."

    Fiona was getting very wet between the legs listening to her mother's
 startling family revelations. The thought of her big handsome grandfather
 fucking her mother was intensely arousing to the young girl. She squirmed
 her ass on the bed and parted her thighs a little, in a vain attempt to
 alleviate the hot burning itch emanating from her aroused young
 pussyslit.

    Janet could see that her daughter was getting sexually excited and
 decided that the mood was right to do something about it. She'd had
 several sexual encounters with other women in her life and even though
 Jerry usually kept her fairly well satisfied in bed (and anywhere else he
 could get his cock into her without being arrested), occasionally Janet
 had the urge to sample a little female flesh for a change. Watching her
 gorgeous young daughter squirming her naked little ass around on the bed,
 was making Janet horny too.

    "What's wrong, honey?" she asked, stroking her daughter's exposed
 thigh.

    Fiona's young pussy moistened at her mother's touch and instinctively
 she opened her thighs wider, unconsciously inviting the hand on her thigh
 to venture further.

    "I..  er.... I.. um.. don't know, Mom. I feel kinda funny!"

    "Good `funny' of bad `funny', sweetheart?" asked Janet, letting her
 fingers slide up under the hem of the towel which just covered her
 daughter's furry little crotch.

    "Good... I guess," murmured Fiona. After all she had seen and heard
 today, her mother's touch excited the young girl much more than she would
 admit to.

    "Do you want me to stop, honey?" asked her mother. "I will if you feel
 uncomfortable about this."

    "N..no! No, don't stop...." said Fiona, her voice almost a whisper as
 she lay her head against her mother's shoulder. "I want you to touch me,
 Mom"

    "I am touching you, baby", teased Janet, inching her hand further up
 under the edge of the towel.

    "No... t..touch me between the legs, Mom," Fiona panted, "Please
 stroke my pussy. I'm so hot and wet down there."

    "Oooooohhh, my sexy little baby! I bet you are!", moaned Janet.
 "Watching Mommy suck Daddy's cock got you all horny didn't it,
 sweetheart?"

    "Ummmmmmm, yessss! But looking at your pussy got me hot too," admitted
 Fiona. "Uuuuhhh, please, Mom...... feel how hot I am!"

    With a low moan, Janet dropped to her knees on the floor between
 Fiona's legs, at the same time pulling the towel away from her daughter's
 body. For a moment she just stared at the girl's body, drinking in her
 daughter's budding nakedness. Then, with her face down close where she
 could see, Janet slid her hand between her daughter's smooth young legs.

    The touch was light and sensual.  Fiona's legs opened wider, and her
 lips parted in a sigh of arousal. Janet's hand lingered a little longer,
 then she began rubbing her fingers gently along the girl's cuntslit.
 Fiona looked down, watching her mother caress her almost hairless pubes.
 Janet's mouth was only inches from her pussy. The sight aroused the young
 girl almost as much as the sensations her mother's fingers were producing
 in her quivering loins.

    Instinctively, Fiona's hand moved and touched her mother's head
 lightly. To Janet it was a silent invitation and she leaned forward and
 kissed Fiona's pussy, then she began to lick and kiss her way up her
 daughter's naked body. Fiona seemed to move on automatic. She leaned
 forward, tilting her head slightly, and then it happened. Their lips met
 in a kiss. Fiona was surprised at how warm and soft her mother's lips
 were. Their breasts touched lightly, making Fiona's nipples stand up even
 harder. When they parted, Fiona gazed into the eyes of her mother, her
 own eyes wide with wonder at the new experience.

    Janet stood up and quickly removed her clothes, wanting to feel her
 daughter's soft, naked flesh against her own. Fiona lay back watching her
 mother undress, her legs still wide apart and her hot little pussy slit
 gleaming with wetness. She couldn't help the little gasp of pleasure
 which escaped her lips when her mother's naked tits jiggled into view.
 They were so big, and creamy and firm-looking with large pink nipples
 that now stood stiffly erect, a testament to her mother's arousal.

     Trembling with excitement Fiona reached out and touched her mother's
 breasts.  This was the first time she'd ever touched another woman
 sexually.  The soft flesh was so warm, and exciting. Janet's full orb
 drew Fiona's hand into a cup shape which the young girl slid over the end
 of her mother's breast.

    Janet's hands slid down and cupped her daughter's tiny ass, kneading
 it softly.  Fiona's whole body trembled, as though she were going to have
 an all-over orgasm.  Janet trembled at her daughter's nervous excitement
 and she leaned down, taking one of Fiona's tiny young nipples between her
 lips.  As she sucked on it, biting down delicately, Fiona gasped and
 pressed her soft tit into her mother's face.  Janet pulled on the other
 nipple with her fingers, then gently sucked Fiona's conical little tit
 almost entirely into her mouth.

    Her mother's breathing was shallow and ragged, and Fiona could feel
 her cunt leaking warm cream down her thigh where they pressed against
 each other. Fiona felt like she was on fire. She grabbed her mother's
 face and kissed her. It was nothing like the daughterly peck she usually
 gave her mother. It was one of the most passionate kisses she'd ever
 given.  Janet returned it, with her hands exploring the lean, smooth
 texture of her daughter's slender adolescent body.

    When their kiss broke, Fiona burned with desire, a carnal lust that
 transcended gender and sexual taboos.  She bent and licked around her
 mother's nipple, then sucked hard on the erect bud. Janet cradled the
 girl's head to her breast, and felt Fiona sucking and licking her tit,
 suckling her just like she had done as a baby. But now it was different,
 her little sucking mouth sent shivers of lust to the core of Janet's
 being.

    Fiona's right hand slid between her mother's legs, stroking
 tentatively at first then more eagerly. Her own pussy spasmed when her
 fingers discovered that her mother's cunt was soaking wet. Her fingers
 slid back and forth through the hot, slippery cuntlips, then Fiona sighed
 as her finger slid into her mother's body.  Janet gasped, rocking her
 hips forward against her daughter's exploring hand, trembling with
 excitement.

    Janet crawled between her Fiona's legs and spread her daughter's
 pussy-lips with her thumbs. Then, before the youngster fully understood
 what was happening, Janet pressed her mouth over Fiona's gooey little
 cunt and began to nibble and suck. Fiona threw back her pretty blonde
 head and moaned loudly. She couldn't believe it. Her own mother was
 sucking her pussy!

    The feel of a mouth and lips on her hotly aroused little cunt felt
 utterly fantastic, and that tongue... her mother's wonderful long
 tongue... swirling around inside her, probing and delving like a wiggly
 little cock.  Janet began sucking Fiona's pussy like a puppy-dog, lapping
 her daughter's free-flowing juices and sliding her hands up and down
 Fiona's thighs. Fiona gasped for breath, her stomach heaved in and out
 and her legs trembled.  Janet sucked and licked, and Fiona shuddered. A
 wave washed over her, starting in her cunt and spreading outward,
 returning to her twat as a flood of thick creamy juice to be greedily
 lapped up by her ravenous mother.

    Fiona lay back exhausted, her body weak and flushed. Janet crawled up
 beside her and kissed her daughter's tits, then kissed Fiona on the
 mouth. Fiona tasted her own juices, not for the first time but certainly
 the most erotic.  Her mother's lips were slick and their tongues danced.
 Soon, Janet was gasping for breath, sucking off her daughter had excited
 the woman so much that her own cunt demanded immediate attention. She
 took Fiona's hand and plunged three fingers into her horny gash, fucking
 them in and out as she kissed the girl passionately. Fiona sensed Janet's
 urgency, she was highly aroused. Her mother had given her so much
 exquisite pleasure and Fiona suddenly wanted to return the favour.

    Instinctively, Fiona moved her head between Janet's thighs and
 tentatively tongued her mother's swollen pussylips.  Her tongue licked
 lightly over the glistening slit, finding her clit at the top, all
 swollen and hard. Janet's hips jerked, as Fiona continued to lick circles
 around it.  Soon Fiona's chin was slick with the juices seeping from her
 mother's sex, and her little tongue was sliding all around.  Fiona loved
 the feeling on her tongue, and her face. The smooth, warm, slippery
 wetness excited her, and the musky scent of her mother filled her
 nostrils.

    "Put your fingers in me, baby", Janet said breathlessly.

    Fiona did. First one finger, then two, then a third. Janet's hips
 bucked and Fiona flicked her tongue over her mother's swollen clit. She
 felt the spasms around her fingers, the grasping, pulsing squeezes as her
 mother began to cum instantly. Fiona shoved her fingers in deep, moving
 her hand back and forth until her mother moaned loudly and began
 shuddering.  Janet's hips ground against her daughter's invading fingers,
 and her hand pushed Fiona's face tightly against her cunt. When Fiona
 pulled her fingers out, they glistened with her mother's cream, a few
 whitish globs clinging to her fingers.  Fiona licked her fingers off,
 savoring it like a fine sauce.

    They lay on the bed for some time, hugging and kissing each other
 tenderly. They had shared something very special, and each felt closer to
 the other than they'd ever been before. Mother and daughter had become
 lovers.

                           + + + + + + + + +

    Jerry was half-dressed, watching a movie when he became aware that
 Janet was taking a long time talking to Fiona. He got up and went to
 Fiona's room. The door was ajar but rather than barge right in, he cocked
 his head and listened first. A long low moan was the first thing he
 heard. He recognized the sound immediately. I was the sound his loving
 wife made when she was particularly aroused. Jerry peeked inside, and the
 sight he saw made his cock jerk in his pants. His wife and daughter were
 naked, and Fiona was licking her mother's cunt like a little demon. Jerry
 stared at his daughter's naked body and dropped a hand to his bulging
 crotch, watching the way she tongued Janet's over-ripe pussy. When Janet
 came, he watched them kiss and hug tenderly. His cock was hard as a rock
 just looking at his daughter's juicy slit, and he began to jerk off.

     His wife didn't know it, but one of his favourite fantasies was about
 fucking his daughter. For some time now he'd been noticing how Fiona was
 developing into quite a hot little piece of ass. Sometimes while he was
 fucking Janet he had visions of his daughter's long skinny legs wrapped
 around him as he pumped her tight little virgin cunthole... now it seemed
 like he would have his chance.

    With a lewd smile, Jerry opened the door and went in, removing his
 shorts as he went. The two on the bed were too engrossed in each other to
 notice him until Jerry sat down on the bed beside them completely nude.
 Fiona sat up guiltily, her pretty face covered with her mother's juices,
 but Janet wasn't worried in the slightest. She had seen the smile on her
 husband's face and knew what it meant. Jerry was the first to speak.

    "Don't worry honey, I'm not mad at you", he said reassuringly.

    Fiona stared at the bulge in his pants. Her mother noticed it too.

    "Have you been spying on us, dear?", Janet asked her husband with a
 cheeky smile.

    "Yep, and not a bad show either", grinned Jerry, slipping a hand up
 between his wife's open thighs. He began to finger her cunt.

    "You want us both, don't you, honey?", Fiona heard her mother whisper.

    "Ohhh, Yes", replied Jerry. He noticed a look of uncertainty on his
 daughter's face, then added. " But, er... only if Fiona wants to, that
 is."

    Fiona smiled at that. She loved her father, and the sight of his big
 thick cock had plagued her thoughts ever since she first saw it. If her
 mom and dad wanted her to play their sexual games, she was only too happy
 to join in. She nodded her head in agreement, unable to take her eyes off
 her father's naked cock. Up close it looked incredibly big to the young
 girl. Jerry saw Fiona staring at his prick, and he fisted it in his hand,
 tugging on the long stem of his tremendous erection. Janet giggled.

    "Remember you asked me this morning about the size of you father's
 prick, honey?"

    Fiona nodded.

    "Well? Now that you can see for yourself, what do you think?"

    "Jesus, it's big," blurted Fiona.

    Her parent's laughed.

    "Not too big, I hope!" grinned Jerry, eyeing his daughter's pouting
 little slit.


    Janet took her husband's hand and placed it on their daughter's
 cunt-mound.  Jerry's fingers slid inside .

    "Ah-h-h-h-h...Ohhhhhhhh, Daddy!" Fiona sighed, cupping Jerry's hand
 over her little cunt.

    Her hips rocked against her father's hand, urging him wordlessly to
 fuck her with his fingers. Her eyes closed and her lips parted in a long
 sigh of pleasure.

    "She's tight, isn't she, honey?" Janet asked softly, fisting her
 husband's throbbing erection.

    "God, yes", moaned Jerry. "Tight, and hot!"

    Jerry felt his daughter's cunt clamp securely around his middle
 finger. She was like a vice. His fingertip pressed against her hymen and
 tentatively he probed further. The elastic little membrane gave a little,
 causing Fiona to moan, but Jerry wasn't sure if it was a groan of
 pleasure or a groan of pain. Her maidenhead felt intact, which swelled
 Jerry's heart with pride. His little girl still had her virginity... and
 she was going to give it to HIM.

    Without a word, Janet slid down between her husband's legs and took
 his rigid cock into her mouth. She sucked on him lovingly, moving up and
 down the shaft with quick movements. Her mouth watered and saliva coated
 his cock making it glisten wetly. Fiona watched, fascinated at the way
 her mother could take so much of that huge organ into her mouth. Her
 father's fingers in her pussy were exciting her intensely. She lifted her
 mouth to Jerry's and kissed him, swirling her tongue around his as she
 had done with her mother. It felt good. Her father was a good kisser she
 decided. She loved the way his tongue pushed past her teeth and slid into
 her mouth, writhing against her own as their lips mashed together
 sensuously.

    Fiona sent her tongue halfway down her father's throat, thrilled at
 the reaction it caused in him. He pulled her against him, crushing her
 hard little titties against his hairy chest, his fingers rubbing
 frantically in her flooded cuntslit.  She felt her nipples pressing into
 her father's naked flesh, the pressure exciting them both. Father and
 daughter mouth-fucked each other with their tongues, while their bodies
 blazed with fiery passions. At the same time, Jerry's hips rocked up to
 cram his cock into his wife's mouth. Janet was making loud slurping
 noises as she sucked her husband expertly, squeezing his huge balls just
 the way she knew he liked.

    Jerry squeezed Fiona's tits, and she began panting, looming closer to
 orgasm with each jab of her father's fingers into her cunt. He wasn't
 penetrating her deeply, but the insistent pressure on her little clit was
 sending her over the edge, rapidly.  Within seconds she came, her tiny
 cunt juicing copiously around her father's fingers, her little hips
 bucking and jerking, like crazy.  Jerry couldn't hold on, either. His
 wife's expert mouth had him nearing climax within seconds, and he felt
 the thick jism rising from his balls.  Janet's hot mouth slid down his
 cock, making sloppy, wet sounds as his cock began swelling. Jerry's hips
 arched and he groaned loudly.

    In awe, Fiona saw her mother's brow furrow in concentration and the
 thick pulsing of Jerry's cock in her mouth.  Janet's mouth and jaw
 worked, and then Fiona heard a bubbling, squirting noise. Janet moaned as
 his jism flowed, filling her mouth with his creamy cum. She sucked
 greedily, pulling his sperm into her mouth, coaxing every drop by licking
 just under the tip of the head.  Finally spent, she let his softening
 cock slip from between her lips, trailing a dribble of sperm over her
 lower lip.

    Overcome with lust, Fiona leaned down and licked the excess semen from
 her mother's lips. Janet grabbed her head and pulled her closer. Fiona
 opened her mouth, wanting to taste more of her father's cum. Janet parted
 her lips and used her tongue to push the warm, thick mass of sperm into
 Fiona's mouth. It was deeply erotic to the inexperienced young girl, and
 she sucked the sperm from her mother's mouth. Then, they tongued each
 other fiercely, swishing the cum around back and forth, sharing Jerry's
 copious load between them.

    Parting their kiss, strands of jism connected their lips. Tongues
 flashed and collected it, and they both swallowed, devouring his jizz
 like a tasty cream sauce.  Her father's fingers had just brought her to
 orgasm, yet Fiona's body refused to yield. Her passions were beyond what
 she'd ever experienced, and she wanted to come so badly she would do
 anything her mother or father asked.


    "Oh, Mom, Dad, that was wonderful. But I want more. I want Daddy's
 cock inside me.... I want to be fucked!"

    Janet turned to her husband.

    "Yes, fuck her, Jerry. I want to watch. Make our little girl a woman!"

    Jerry lay his daughter on her back and spread her legs wide. Kneeling
 between her gorgeous thighs he aimed his throbbing cock at her cunt.
 Janet reached out and pointed the tip towards her daughter's little pink
 hole.

    "Ummmmm, let me", she husked, "I wanna help you fuck her, hon."

    Jerry grunted and let his wife guide the head of his prick between his
 daughter's cuntlips. It was a tight fit, but the cream form her previous
 orgasm provided more than enough lubrication. The huge cockhead parted
 the youngster's cuntlips like a hot knife through butter, and as all
 three of them watched intently, Jerry's cock slid slowly into Fiona's
 clinging little pussy.

    "Ohhh Jeeezzus!" Jerry moaned.

    "She's so tight isn't she?" Janet said to Jerry. "And so hot and wet.
 Ohhhhh, baby! Fuck her! Go ahead, I know you want to fuck her and cum in
 her cunt. Do it!"

    Janet was rubbing her pussy wildly as she watched her husband's cock
 fill her daughter's tiny little cunt. Is was barely halfway in when Jerry
 felt the inevitable barrier. He pushed a little harder but the taut
 membrane of flesh refused to give. Fiona's face was a mask of pleasure
 and pain.

    "Am I hurting you, baby", Jerry asked her.

    "No, I'm okay", Fiona panted. "Push harder, Daddy! I want you to fuck
 me!"

    With that, Jerry lunged a little harder, lifting his daughter's ass
 clear off the bed as he drove into her. Fiona gave a little squeal as her
 hymen broke, followed instantly by a loud moan of pleasure as her
 father's cock sank into her little virgin cunt to the balls.

    Fiona gasped for breath, then sighed as his cock began sliding in and
 out of her. It felt so good to have her big handsome father fucking her
 slippery hole. With one hand, Janet caressed her daughter's tits, her
 ass, and belly, the other hand worked frantically between her own legs,
 rubbing her pussy in a frenzy of lust. Watching her husband fuck their
 daughter was the wildest turn-on she had ever witnessed.

    Jerry fucked her slowly at first, trying to restrain himself in
 Fiona's incredibly tight young cunt. She was like a little china doll he
 was afraid of breaking. Her body glistened with sweat, and with her ass
 high, offering her cunt to him, Jerry was straining not to shoot too
 soon. He wanted it to last, for her as well as for him. It was her first
 time, and he wanted it to be the best fuck she'd ever have.

    Janet was beside herself with lust, shoving three fingers inside her
 frothy cunt.

    "Ram that cock up her cunt and fuck her!" she gurgled. "Make her cum
 all over that beautiful cock of yours. She wants you to fill her with
 cum, don't you honey?"

    Fiona nodded, gazing up into her father with the most pitiful,
 pleading look he had ever seen.

    "Ooooh, yes, Daddy! Fuck me, please fuck me!" she begged.

    "Okay, baby, you asked for it. Hang on!", grunted her father.


    Jerry pumped faster, his cock throbbing and straining. It felt like
 his cock was a steel ramrod, plunging in and out of Fiona's soft flesh
 Her cunt was extremely tight yet well lubricated. It made squishing,
 slippery noises, and the way she moved her ass made Jerry grimace to keep
 his resolve.

    "Ohhhhh yes! Cum in me Daddy!" Fiona moaned. "Fill me with cum! Fuck
 me! Fuck me Daddy! Fuck me!"

    Jerry felt his balls tighten. It was almost like a dream. His sexy
 little daughter was writhing around beneath him like a whore, begging him
 to fuck her, and her moans of pleasure told him she was loving every
 second of it!  He fucked his daughter like a madman, only vaguely aware
 of his wife's presence. Beside them, Janet was moaning obscenities and
 finger-fucking her sloppy cunt like crazy as she watched, her eyes glazed
 over with lust.

    "Yes! Harder! Fuck her harder! Cum in her cunt", she chanted. "I want
 to suck your cum out of her. Let me lick your sperm from her cunt. Soak
 her, Jerry! Ram that thing up her hot little cunt and fill her with cum!"

    Fiona was moaning too, but her moans were largely unintelligible. She
 was riding a wave of pleasure so intense that she wished it would never
 stop. She hunched her cunt up at her father, trying to get more of his
 big, thick, manly cock into her. If this was what fucking was like, she
 wanted to fuck forever!

    Jerry's cock exploded, gushing thick sperm into his whimpering young
 daughter's cunt. He thrust deep into her, pressing her bulging little
 mound down onto Janet's chest. She could see his cock swell between her
 cuntlips with each pulse, and feel the tension in his legs as well as all
 through Fiona's sweat-slickened body. Jerry spurt and spurt into Fiona,
 feeling like his body was draining itself dry in her, trying to fill her
 sucking little cunt to capacity with his sperm. At last he stopped,
 feeling the thick warmth surrounding his cock inside her.  Fiona was
 moaning softly, and grinning broadly.

    Janet pulled Jerry back, and as his cock popped out of his daughter's
 sperm-filled little cunt, he dripped some onto her neck, his soft, wet
 cock hitting her mouth and chin with a wet splat.  Janet licked the head,
 then pulled Fiona's cunt to her mouth. Opening her mouth wide, Janet
 began sucking the length of her daughter's cum-filled slit, lapping up
 the sperm and cunt-juice that flowed out of the gooey little snatch.
 Janet shoved her tongue inside Fiona's hole, withdrawing it covered with
 their rich, creamy mixture.  Janet lapped and sucked at Fiona's pussy,
 making her daughter climax twice. When she finally finished, her face and
 neck were slick with their juices.

    Fiona rolled off, sat up and kissed her mother deeply, licking her own
 cum mixed with her father's sperm from Janet's lips and face. Mother and
 daughter hugged and kissed one last time, then looked at Jerry, who was
 sitting beside them striking another enormous hard-on.

    "Wow! You don't get that hard again so quick when you fuck me, you
 horny bastard!?" Janet teased.

    "Nobody could stay limp watching you two." Jerry smiled.

    "Can you cum again, Daddy?" Fiona asked, innocently.

    "I sure can, baby," grinned Jerry, fisting his rejuvenated erection
 towards the two women. "Who's next?!"


    "Ohhhh, Daddy! Can I watch you fuck Mommy now? Pleeeease!", begged
 Fiona, reaching out to stroke her mother's juicy wet cuntslit with one
 hand, and her father's long hard cock with the other.

    Janet smiled at her husband and lay back, spread her legs wide.

    "Come on, big boy!", she winked, holding her arms out to him. "Climb
 on and let's show our little girl how to really fuck up a storm."

    Jerry grinned at his beautiful wife and scrambled between her
 wide-spread thighs. Fiona knelt on the bed beside her parents, watching
 intently as Jerry lowered his face to Janet's crotch and began to
 expertly lick and suck his wife's glistening pink cuntflesh.

    Fiona's young pussy tingled as she watched her father's tongue slide
 up and down the length of her mother's cuntslit. She dropped a hand
 between her legs and fingered her own hot little cunt in time with her
 father's jabbing tongue.

    "Uuuuhhhh, yeahhhhh!", moaned Janet, hunching her crotch up at her
 husband's munching mouth. "Suck me good, baby! Get me all hot and wet for
 your big fat cock!"

    Jerry didn't need any encouragement, as he pressed his face into his
 wife's gaping slit, driving his tongue in as deep as he could, licking
 and sucking her lewdly spread pussy as if he were a starving man.

    Janet's juices were flowing in no time and it soon became obvious,
 even to the watching young girl that her mother was more than ready to
 fuck. Her father obviously thought so too, because he suddenly pulled
 his face from between his wife's thighs and climbed on top of her,
 pausing barely a second before letting his cock slip between the hot,
 gooey folds of her upthrust pussy. Janet squealed with delight as her
 husband's hardness entered her, impaling her squirming sex with his huge
 spike. Janet bucked her hips up to meet him, hunching her cunt up at
 Jerry's pounding cock with ever-increasing urgency.

    As Jerry fucked in and out of his wife's tightly clenched pussy, the
 fact that they were being watched intently by their 16-year-old daughter
 was an incredible turn-on. His cock had never felt so big and hard in his
 life. It must have been effecting Janet in a similar fashion, he thought,
 because her cunt felt different somehow, hotter, wetter... even tighter.
 Her cuntlips were pinker and more swollen than usual, making for a a much
 snugger fit.  His cock felt like it was made just to fit her pussy, her
 hot, sucking flesh caressed every vein as it slipped in and out. If he
 closed his eyes he could almost imagine he was fucking a teenager, she
 was so tight.

    The thought made him turn and stare at his pretty daughter, kneeling
 beside them. She had both hands between her gorgeous young thighs now,
 rubbing her fingers feverishly up and down the length of her glistening
 pink slit. Jerry could see her middle finger sliding inside occasionally
 to fuck deep up into her hot little pussyhole. Her eyes were half closed
 with lust and her gaze was fixed on her father's long, thick cock as it
 plowed in and out of her mother's cunt. Janet looked over at her daughter
 as Jerry pounded his cock into her.

    "Ohhhh, baby, you're so horny aren't you?", moaned Janet. "Come here
 and let Mommy take care of your tasty little pussy while Daddy fucks me."

    Fiona pulled her fingers out of her cunt and scooted her ass over to
 her mother as fast as she could. Janet positioned her daughter so she was
 straddling her head, facing her father. The girl's hot little pussy was
 literally dribbling cunt-cream into her mother's lips as Fiona lowered
 her ass and dropped her gaping young slit right onto Janet's open mouth.

    "Oooh Jesus, Mom, suck me, lick me please! Uhhh, make me come! Make me
 come, please", begged Fiona, holding onto her father's shoulders for
 support.

    Janet plunged her tongue into Fiona's musky little pussy, darting it
 in and out as fast as she could. Then she pulled on her daughter's hard
 little clit with her teeth, sucking it gently it and flicking it with her
 tongue. It felt so damn good!

    As her tongue lashed Fiona's drooling cunt, Janet hunched her cunt
 against her husband's cock with shameless abandon, bucking and thrusting
 her hips upward in a desperate attempt to increase the tingles and
 thrills coursing through her body.  Within minutes, she had several
 powerful orgasms, her mind exploding with intense pleasure, again, and
 again, and again.

    Janet had always wanted to try a threesome with another woman, but
 this was different, this was her family she was fucking... and it was
 absolutely fantastic! The only thought in her lust-crazed mind as she
 felt her daughter's pussy cumming on her mouth and her husband's cock
 grinding into her pussy, was that they should have done this ages ago.

    Jerry was in seventh heaven as he slammed his cock deep up into his
 moaning, cunt-licking wife. Fucking Janet while she ate out their
 gorgeous little daughter was such a turn-on! He had no idea that Fiona
 was such a horny, insatiable young kid, otherwise he would probably have
 started fucking her sooner, with or without his wife's consent. Many were
 the times that Jerry had gone to his cute little daughter's bedroom over
 the past couple of years to say goodnight and left with a huge erection.
 Invariably he gave Janet a good long workout on those occasions, but even
 as he fucked his whimpering wife, his mind was on his daughter's tight,
 snug little cunt.

    Fiona leaned forward and gave her father a long, passionate kiss,
 mashing her lips against Jerry's with the same heated fervor that she
 used to grind her drooling little cunt over her mother's hotly-sucking
 mouth.

    Jerry kissed her back, driving his tongue deep into his daughter's
 throat, fucking her sweet mouth with the same tempo he was using to fuck
 his cock into her mother's slurping cunthole.

    "Uuuuuuuhhhh, Daddy! I'm cummming!!", gasped Fiona, pulling her lips
 from her father's hungry kiss. "Mommy is making me cum again!...
 Unnnnghhh! Fuck her! Fuck her hard, Daddy! Lets' all cum together, then
 you can fuck me again!!"

    Jerry increased his thrusts into Janet's sloppy pussy, his daughter's
 wanton plea ringing in his ears. The girl's shameless request made his
 cock swell even larger inside his wife's hotly-clinging cunthole as he
 fucked her unmercifully, ramming the whimpering, writhing woman hard and
 fast as Janet tried to keep her mouth fixed over her daughter's squirming
 pussyhole. They were all extremely close now, and all that was needed was
 for one of them to cum and the others would follow like dominoes.

    It was Jerry who climaxed first. Fiona's offer to let him fuck her
 tight, steamy little hole again was enough to send him over the edge like
 a rocket.

    Jerry shuddered and slammed his huge, twitching prick deep up inside
 his wife's cunt, wrapping his arms around his daughter as he grunted out
 his orgasm into her rapidly-jiggling tits. Janet felt her own climax peak
 as her husband's cock swelled inside her, squirting load after load of
 hot, sticky sperm deep up inside her quivering cunt. In turn, Fiona
 orgasmed almost immediately as her mother's hot tongue shot deep up into
 her rapidly-hunching young pussy. Janet's chin was grinding against her
 daughter's throbbing clit as Fiona clung to her Daddy and fucked her cunt
 on her Mommy's face in a wild frenzy of adolescent lust.

    All three collapsed in an exhausted heap on the bed, Jerry's cock
 still twitching inside Janet's spasming cunt. Fiona was kissing her
 father deeply, sliding her tongue inside his mouth in time with her
 mother's gentle licking of her quivering little pussy.

    "Ohhhh, God! That was fantastic!", murmured Fiona, snuggling up to her
 parents.

    Janet and Jerry cuddled with their daughter, stroking her slender,
 naked young body lovingly. It was indeed "fantastic". Neither had been so
 deeply aroused before. For Jerry, fucking his gorgeous wife while his
 sexy little daughter was in the same bed with them was an unbelievably
 exciting event, and for Janet, her wildest dreams had cum true... she'd
 finally been able to indulge herself in the threesome she'd craved for so
 long. The fact that the third partner in her first mnage ... trois was her
 very own daughter only served to heighten Janet's intense sexual
 pleasure.

    Fiona fondled her parent's genitals, rubbing her little fist up and
 down her father's sticky, limp cock as she stroked her mother's hairy,
 cum-filled cunt. Jerry had his own fingers in his little girl's pussy
 while Janet fondled her budding young tits, paying special attention to
 Fiona's hard little nipples.

    "Mom?... Dad?", murmured Fiona tentatively.

    "Yeah, honey?" replied Jerry, sliding a finger up inside his
 daughter's tight little fuckhole.

    "I feel ...umm.. I feel horny again!"

    It was a simple statement of fact, said so innocently that Janet and
 Jerry could do little but stare at each other in amazement. Their little
 daughter wanted to have sex with them... AGAIN!!

    Normally, after fucking his wife so long and hard, Jerry would simply
 roll over and go to sleep, but tonight with his sexy little daughter in
 the bed with them, he felt like he could go all night. One look at
 Fiona's slender, naked body and the tight, glistening little slit between
 her carelessly open thighs was all it took. Almost instantly, Jerry's
 cock began to swell in his daughter's fist. A revelation not lost on the
 horny young girl.

    "Oooooh, Daddy! You want to fuck me again, don't you?!!", she giggled.

    "Mmmmm, I sure do, baby!", grinned Jerry, grinding his middle finger
 deep up inside his daughter's hot, clasping little cunthole. He shot a
 glance at his naked wife. "Lie back, honey and let Fiona suck you off
 while I fuck her this time."

    In a daze, Janet obeyed, spreading her oozing, cum-filled pussy to her
 daughter's hungry gaze. Fiona crawled between her mother's thighs and
 lowered her face eagerly to Janet's open cunt. Her cute little ass
 sticking up in the air like that made Jerry's cock twitch with
 excitement. He climbed up between his daughter's thighs and grasped the
 tiny girl by the ass, rubbing his long, stiff cock up and down in her
 juicy, wet cuntslit.

    Fiona moaned into her mother's cunt, wiggling her naked little ass
 back at her Daddy as she felt his huge cock sliding the length of her
 eager young gash.

    "Uhhhhh, please fuck me Daddy!", she whimpered, lifting her glistening
 young face from her mother's pussy. "Fuck me hard while I suck Mommy's
 cunt!"

    Jerry looked down at his horny little daughter and grasped her by the
 hips, positioning the tip of his cock in her tiny pussy-slit. Once he
 felt the large, flared head pop inside Fiona's tight little fuckhole,
 Jerry drew his hips back, hesitated, then slammed forward, driving his
 cock into his daughter's hot, clinging cuntal sheath. Fiona made a
 muffled gasping sound into her mother's pussy, which quickly became a
 series of little whimpers of delight as Jerry began to move his hips back
 and forth.  He could feel her tight little cunt grip his cock like a fist
 he shoved it in deep, then the delicious sucking sensation as he
 withdrew.

    The excitement of fucking such a hot, tight young cunt was something
 Jerry only dreamed about these days. But this was his own, cute little
 daughter. He could still hardly believe he was actually fucking her...
 for the second time in almost an hour! Not that he had not wanted to for
 several years.  As a matter of fact, he thought, he had fantasized about
 fucking Fiona since he had walked into her bedroom one night when she was
 about 13 and found her asleep naked, on her bed.  He had taken a peek at
 her young pussy then but not a very satisfactory one. Now, here he was,
 his cock buried to the hilt in that tight, clinging adolescent cunt. God,
 what a turn on! Jerry felt his balls tighten and he hoped he would be
 able to last long enough to give his little daughter the incredibly
 powerful orgasm she so richly deserved.

    Fiona was licking and sucking her mother's cunt with obvious relish as
 her father pistoned his cock into her from behind in a slow yet powerful
 rhythm. Her tongue flicked at her mother's clit, darting down through the
 tasty, wet slit to her anus. Then, dragging her tongue back to Janet's
 cunt, Fiona slowly eased the tip into her mother's hot, gaping fuckhole.

    As she felt Fiona's tongue penetrate her cunt, Janet reached down and
 placed her hands on the back of her daughter's head, grinding the girl's
 face hard against her quivering cunt. The incredible excitement of having
 her own daughter eating her pussy sent shudders of ecstasy coursing
 throughout her slender, naked body.  Never had Janet experienced a
 feeling like this, her passion seeming to engulf her with its fire.  Her
 nerves were alive, her her senses heightened and her breathing came in
 deep, heavy gasps as her gorgeous young daughter sucked and probed and
 licked her pussy to rapidly-approaching orgasm.

    Jerry was hunching into Fiona's slippery little cunt fiercely now,
 driving his cock deep and struggling to get it in to the hilt with every
 stroke. His balls slapped against her clit, causing the girl to moan as
 her mouth was pushed rhythmically onto her mother's gaping pussy by her
 father's powerful cock-thrusts. Janet looked up at her husband with
 glazed, lust-filled eyes.

    "Ohhhh, yeahhhh! Fuck her, honey!", she gasped, staring at Jerry's
 huge glistening prick sliding in and out of their little daughter's cunt.
 "Fuck her hard, Jerry! Fuck her face into my cunt!" She saw the look of
 concentration on her husband's handsome face and added, "Ummmmmm, you
 love to watch your big, hard cock slamming into her tight wet pussy,
 don't you, darling?"

    Jerry murmured in the affirmative as he gazed down at his long, thick
 prick push his daughter's little cuntlips in and out of her tightly
 clasping snatch. The sight of Fiona's juicy, pussy-flesh clinging to his
 glistening shaft as he fucked his cock in and out of her tight little
 teenage cunt was tremendously exciting.

    Fiona was moaning loudly now, her cries muffled to a large extent by
 her mother's wet cunt. Had she not been sucking her mother off, Fiona
 would have most certainly have been squealing with delight as her
 father's massive cock pounded her hot little pussy, impaling her
 squirming sex with his incestuous spike. The horny young girl bucked her
 firm little ass back to meet him, hunching her cunt at her father's
 pounding cock with ever-increasing urgency.

    Even with the heavy fucking Jerry was giving the young girl, Fiona
 never once pulled her lips off her mother's cunt. Janet's ass was
 squirming around all over the bed and her hips were hunching up wildly,
 trying to press her cunt as tight as possible against her daughter's
 hotly-sucking mouth.

    "Uuuuhhhhh, Jesus! Suck me!" she whispered hoarsely. "Suck my pussy,
 baby! Fuck me with you tongue! Ooooooooohhhhhh, yeahhhhhhh, eat Mommy's
 cunt!!"

    Fiona gave her mother's creamy cunt a series of fast stiff jabs with
 her tongue and then took her clit into her mouth and sucked hard. Janet
 came on the spot, moaning and whimpering loudly as her daughter's eager
 young mouth and tongue pushed her over the edge into climax.

    Jerry watched his beautiful wife squirm in orgasm under his daughter's
 bobbing head. Janet was moaning constantly now, her bucking up off the
 bed like she was having a fit or something. Jerry was both surprised and
 aroused by the intensity of his wife's orgasm. Janet's fingers were
 grabbing handfuls of Fiona's hair as she forced her daughter's face down
 against her convulsing twat, urging the girl to suck her quivering,
 cumming cunthole even harder.

    Fiona was close to climax as well, her father's constant pounding and
 occasional deep, penetrating thrusts were a dynamite combination. Jerry's
 hands were on her shoulders as he pulled her back onto his cock, fucking
 his daughter's tight little cunt with brutal efficiency. When he felt the
 girl nearing orgasm, Jerry angled his cock in so that her throbbing
 little clit rasped along the length of his cock-shaft, and ground his
 pubic bone into her plump, juicy little cuntmound. Within minutes, Fiona
 squealed out her own climax, lifting her head from her mother's pussy to
 look back over her shoulder at her humping father.

    "UHHHHHH! GOD! I'M CUMMMING, DADDY! FUCK ME!!!", she screamed.
 "OOOOOH, FUCK ME, HARD! RAM THAT BIG FAT COCK UP MY CUNT AND FUCK ME!
 UUUNNGHHHHH, DADDDDDDDYYYYYY!"

    Fiona was wriggling around like a snake, grinding her cunt back onto
 her father's pumping prick. Jerry grabbed her hips and held on tight,
 using them as levers to pull her spasming little cunt hard onto his
 ramming cock with each stroke. Fiona whole body was trembling now, her
 ass weaving from side to side as her father really began to pound his
 prick into her, urging her on.

    "That's it, baby, cum!... Cum for me!... Cum all over Daddy's big fat
 fucking prick!"

    Fiona's little ass shuddered against him as wave after wave of intense
 pleasure washed over her.  With a loud cry, she slumped forward over her
 mother, her father's cock still buried deeply in her quivering cunt.

    Jerry continued to fuck the girl as she lay sprawled on top of her
 mother. Janet wrapped her arms around her daughter and kissed her hard,
 grinding her gooey pussy up at Fiona's cock filled little cunt-mound,
 loving the feel of Jerry's cock slide over her clit as it slammed up into
 the girl's tight young pussy. He was stimulating both their clits with
 his cock at once.

    "Ohhh, that feels so good!", gasped Janet, hunching her hips up so
 that her husband's cock made even firmer contact with her feverish clit.
 "God, keep that up! I could cum again like this. Fuck us, Jerry! Fuck us
 both!"

    Jerry kept driving into his daughter's creamy cunt. The bulge caused
 by his cock stretching her cunt was mashing Fiona's erect little clit
 against her mother's on every stroke. He was indeed fucking them both at
 the same time. Or rather his motion was causing them to fuck themselves.
 In any case, it was a tremendous turn-on.

    It wasn't long before Jerry felt his balls begin to swell with cum. It
 wouldn't be long now he was sure, but he wanted his wife to cum with him
 as he filled his daughter's tight little cunt with his hot, incestuous
 load. Jerry reached down into the steamy swamp between their wide-spread
 thighs and rubbed his fingers through Janet's gaping slit, feeling his
 cock sliding over her hairy, wet cuntlips as it slid back and forth
 inside his daughter's hot clinging little hole. Their clits were being
 mashed and rubbed together as he fucked Fiona, but Janet obviously needed
 more stimulation.

    Jerry inserted two fingers into his wife's slippery snatch, jamming
 them in as deep as he could the until his palm was pressed hard up
 against her pubic bone,his fingers deep inside her hairy wet gash.

    "Oh, fuck, yesssssss!", gasped Janet, as her husband began wiggling
 his fingers around inside her hot, clasping wetness. "Fuck me, darling!
 Fuck our daughter!.... Uuuuuunnghghhh, God! Fuck us both!!"

    Jerry's rammed his cock into his daughter and his fingers into his
 wife, holding back his own climax until he sensed that they were both
 about to cum. Then as the two women writhed and squealed in ecstasy, he
 pulled his cock out of his daughter's cumming cunt and shoved it into his
 wife's, fucking into her as deeply as he could. His cock squirted
 powerfully, filling Janet's squirming cunthole with the first few squirts
 of his sperm.

    Instead of leaving it there, Jerry quickly pulled his twitching,
 jerking prick out of his wife and thrust it back into his daughter's
 tight little twat and gave the horny young teen the rest of his creamy
 incestuous load.

    "Oooohhhhh, Daddy!", gasped Fiona, as she felt her father's sperm
 squirt deep up inside her contracting little hole. "Cum in us, Daddy! Cum
 in both our cunts! Uuuuuuunhhhhhh!"

    She, was squirming her ass and cunt around like a bitch on heat, and
 Jerry smiled, realizing that that wasn't too far from the truth. God,
 what a sexy little piece she was! He looked down at her cock-filled pussy
 poking out from between her parted thighs.  The almost hairless little
 twat was stretched wide by his cock and his sperm was leaking out around
 the base of his cock, even the tight grip of her elastic young cuntlips
 couldn't contain the huge load he'd just dumped into her snug little
 hole.

    Jerry pulled his cock out of his daughter's pussy and lay beside them,
 cuddling them both. The three of them lay there panting for several
 minutes, trying to catch their breath, just hugging and fondling and
 kissing each other. They had never felt closer as a family than they did
 right now. However, now that they had finally bridged the artificial
 social hurdle of incest and found they liked it, there was one thing on
 all their minds. Fiona was the first to bring it up.

    "Mom? Dad? Umm, now that we're all... you know... fucking..." said the
 young girl shyly. "Well, I was just wondering.... umm... are we all going
 to sleep together from now on? Three in a double bed is okay for fucking,
 but it's kinda cramped for sleeping, don't you think."

    "Hmmmm, you're right, sweetheart", replied her father. "I guess we'll
 just have get a bigger bed."

    "Ohhh, Daddy!" cried the naked girl, hugging her father happily. "I
 was hoping you'd say that!!"

    Jerry stroked his daughter's slender young body as she pressed her
 tits against him and kissed him hotly on the lips. Then she did the same
 to her mother, finally hugging them both at the same time.

    "I'm so happy!", she giggled, "I won't ever have to worry about
 feeling horny and frustrated again."

    Jerry and Janet looked at each other and laughed, replying in unison.

    "Neither will we, honey... neither will we!"


                                 The End.

