                        HORNY BASTARDS 2
                          by SQUIRT

NOTES: "Dear reader: This is my fist attempt at writing for alt.sex.stories.
       This reflects a part of my life which you might consider
       fictional, although it may be as REAL since the story is based
       on my real life experiences as a 21 year old college student.
       Some details are exerpts from my real life personal Journal.
       You be the judge."

KEY: '*' enclosure of these symbols around words are interpreted as
     a personal thought. Spoken by me inside my head.

********************************************************************
                        HORNY BASTARDS 2
                           by SQUIRT

PREVIOUSLY: I was having the fantasy of a lifetime one hot summer
     evening. I imagined (I thought I did) that I was being SUCKED
     by a beautiful voluptuous woman, with a wonderful slippery
     soft lips and expert warm tongue. I saw her image on TV
     that night, and the dream never went away. I was wrong.
     I woke up surprised when I discovered my dream was REAL!
     It was my best friend's (my roommate) girl giving me a blow.
     Her name was Jennifer. That evening Jen spent the night
     over after their date, at my friend's request.
     I suppose I heard them fucking that night, I could only imagine
     their motions as I listen to their groans and moans of ecstacy.
     Him on top of her pumping his dick in as far as he could, while
     her legs wrapped around his waist, and her hands gripping his back.
     I try not to notice, so I diverted myself to watching TV.
     Now, however, things have changed...I awoke seeing Jen jerking
     my dick and sucking my head...She swallowed MY CUM and made
     me feel a sweet painful pleasure...

PART 2 ----->

     After I gathered myself together, I looked at Jennifer straight
in the eyes. Not knowing what to say or how to start, I sat up towards
her, and faced her CUM dripping face. I could feel her warm breath upon
my lips, and I could smell the stale CUM. I reached up my right hand
gently pushing her black-reddish messy hair back away from her face.
     Jennifer is a beautiful girl. At 19, she has a body that any man
would kill for. She had a smile that would melt your heart and remind
you of an innocent tropical girl. Her tropical tan and smoldering exotic
eyes hints a beauty worth the sacrifice to the gods of the natives.
She had a mysterious way about her. The innocent image she posessed
hides another woman. Behind the innocent fascade is a hungry passion of
lust. She is a girl of few words, and rarely did she spoke to me. She
is friendly, yet aloof. When I do get the chance to talk to her, she
always ends our conversation quickly, yet sweetly. She was never rude
to me, and on occasion caught her glaring at me sweetly. I ruled out
the possibility that there would be something between us. She was my
best friend's girl...I wanted her. I really did.
     "Jennifer...why?" I whispered to her, my throught harsh and dry
from our night of ecstacy. "Shhhh..." she whispered, placing her finger
on my lips. "I...did it for you...". She looked at me in the eyes, she
had that look of hidden pain covere by a faint smile. I went closer
and partly opened my mouth and kissed her on the lips. Her tongue
probed in my mouth and mine into hers. I could still taste my fresh CUM
in her mouth. I did not care. It was our wine of love. We kissed passionately and
finally she pushed me back and slowly stood up from my bed. I sat there
and watched her leave. She looked back a last time before exiting my
room. From the faint light I could admire her shapely body. Her buttocks
firm, her breasts rounded and tender.
      I laid on my bed and stared at the ceiling. I wasn't able to go
back to sleep. I pondered the thought of her with me. I wanted her back
in my room. The desire was so strong that I was angry. I was screaming
inside figuring out what to do. Why have I done this to my best friend?
Should I tell him? I would loose her. I would loose my friend. *FUCK*
*I need her*
   The following days tortured me. I was moody and snapped at almost
everyone. I was irritable. I couldn't concentrate in class. I was supposed
to study for a midterm, but my mind kept creeping back to that night
with Jennifer. I see her with my buddy almost everytime, but I try not
to act obvious. But I guess, I had a tougher time when she is around with
my best friend. I know my friend well, and he knows me well, I had a
feeling he knows what's up with me.
   Joe is a cool guy. He's about a year older than me. We've been friends
for about 3 years now since I met him freshman year. He's a good looking
Chinese-American in a rough sort of way, and women usually like
him for his body. As for myself, for a Filipino I was lucky for an
athletic physique mixed with a boyish look of innocence which my Chinese
heritage offered. My witty remarks and quick reactions, combined with
Joe's qualities make our team a trap for worthy women. We like each
other's company and somehow our relationship evolved into an open,
trusting, and loyal friendship. I put great importance in our
friendship and his need for favors are always a priority to me.
Mutually, he does the same. We have similar taste in girls and the way
we FUCK, that made us inseparable when going to social functions.
Things just started to change after we encountered Jennifer one night
in a local dance club.
   Joe invited me for lunch one friday. It was a jump out of the ordinary
since he hasn't treated me for lunch in a long while. We met at our
favorite Korean Restaurant.
   I sat across the table from Joe, feeling awkward since we haven't
done this for quite awhile. We placed an order and sipped our tea. We
both stared at the waitress' ass as she walked away. Then he looked at
me grinning that stupid grin.
   "So...Get any blowjobs lately?" he blurted out. I was shocked to hell.
I didn't know what to say. Images from the past weekend flashed before
me. I looked at him straight in the eyes and uttered nothing.
   "Well?...Aren't you going to tell me what happened?" he asked.
   "I thought we were friends?"
   I said nothing.
   "If you're worried about how I feel..."
   "It's OK...", "It just disappoints me that you did not tell me."
   "We made a deal didn't we?", "We tell each other what's up?"
   I nodded. I sipped my tea trembling.
   "How did you know?..." I responded uneasy. "Did she tell you?".
   "She didn't have to tell me. I know." he said.
   "So what do you want me to do?" I asked.
   "Do what you do best...FUCK her." he said acting a little coy.
   "WHAT?!..." I said.
   "I know how you feel for her, I saw the way you look at her,
    her glares, your reactions...C'mon, give me some credit...
    I'm your best friend." he stated.
   "I'm confused Joe...What did you want me to do?" I asked.
   "OK...I-want-you-to-FUCK my girlfriend...and if you don't
    mind...I would like the three of us to get together." he said.
    Somehow, the idea triggered something inside. I liked the thought
of me FUCKING a girl with my best friend. Images flashed in my mind.
The moaning and groaning I only heard in the night will now be our groans,
and our moans. *FUCKING BASTARD* I thought with a grin.
    I looked at him straight in the eyes grinning.
    "OK you dirty dog." I said.
    "Great...It's Friday, and it's time we celebrate tonight..."
    "Let's eat..." :)

    That evening, we set up our own private party. Just the three of
us in our little private apartment near campus. The light dimmed and
a slow rhythmic beat played in the background. The scent of heavy liquor
was in the air. We sat in the living room on the long leather sofa. All
three of us sat very close to each other. Jennifer sat in between me
and Joe. We laughed at the thought of us three sleeping together, it was
the topic of the night. There were no objections from anyone. Jennifer
was in her quiet little self making remarks here and there.
    Somehow, in the midst of our conversation, there was suddenly nothing
else to say. We were quiet....
    I saw Joe place his arm around her and started to passionately kiss
her lovely lips. I felt Jen's hand crawl up my knee and started to carress
my thighs. Joe's free hand crept up Jen's mini skirt searching for her
soft wet cunt. I started to get hard seeing the action. I breathed heavily.
My right hand went down Jen's blouse feeling her soft tan breasts
underneath my fingers. I felt her hand reach up my pants and squeeze and
carress my crotch. I moved closer to her neck and started to lick her sweet
skin. My lips were hot on her neck as my fingers worked to unbutton her
blouse. I felt her hand stroking my hardness through my denim jeans.
hhhhh..hhh....I muttered. I heard Joe's breath and Jen's mild moans of
ecstacy in between breaths of kisses. Jen's blouse soon fell from her
lovely body and I anxiously threw it aside with my free hand. Jen did not
wear a bra, and all her beauty was exposed in front of my eyes. An animal
being took over me and I burried my face between her breasts painting
the beautiful mounds with hot saliva from my tongue. I heard her groan from
the expertise of the men surrounding her. Joe's hand pulsated in and out
from under her skirt torturing her with wild sensations.
     Somehow, Jen managed to unbutton my pants with her free hand and
release my hardened dick from its cage. She gripped it commandingly and
stroked it and squeezed it, my pre-cum instantly dripped from its
head. I played with her hard nipples teasingly with my probing tongue.
I sensed Joe trying his best to unbutton his pants. Jen took over and
finally was able to remove it completely revealing his prized possesion.
With Joe's free hand, now wet and slippery with cunt juice, started to
stroke himself.
     The action was too much for Jen to handle. She squirmed on the
leather sofa and eventually fell on her back with ME on one end and
Joe on the other. All three of us panted furiously as we try rearrange
ourselves to better positions. Jen reached for Joe's cock and hungrily
inserted it into her mouth alternating the sucking from the head to
his balls and back. *FUCK* I thought. I was given the opportunity to
try out Jen's wet pussy as her beautiful ass pointed my direction.
On all fours, Jen offered me her sweet cunt. I stood on my knees on the
other end of the sofa and gently entered the sweet offering with my
throbbing dick. It was tight, *Geesus*, it was tight and wet. Ohhhh...
Jen...*FUCK*...In and out I rode her savoring the sensations of every
nerve on my prick. Her muscles inside contracting at every push. I
was leaning on her back and I saw Joe on the other end receiving what
seemed to be a heavenly blow. His face contorted in pleasure, he looked my
way and grinned a devilish grin of sweet pain. He moaned and I moaned,
Jen screamed a little out of sweet pain while I penetrated her deeply.
We were like wolves howling in the night. Jen's dripping saliva was too
much for my sight to bear. She swallowed Joe over and over and over again.
   Our motions and the sight of each other FUCKING was too much for us
to bear. Faster I went, I could feel my prick tingle. Uugghh...unghhh...
Jen...I'm CUMMING...uhhh...*FUCK* "Don't CUM in her pussy man!" Joe
managed to shout between grunts. "Wait for me to CUM man!...ungghhh..uhh".
"Hurry Joe!...uhhhh..." I said.
   In the back of my mind I knew what he wanted to happen. We always
talked about it when we watched porno movies that someday we'll get to do it.
   Jen stroked and sucked Joe faster that his dick was red and sore. It
was ready to burst. Jen reached her orgasm berfore anything happened. She
screamed a small little scream of pleasure as she continued to suck on
Joe's prick. "Mmmmhhhm....mhhhhh" she muttered.
   "I'm CUMMING man! uhhh..."
   "Ohhh man! I'm CUMMING too!...ahhh..uhh" I replied.
   Jen pulled away and placed herself between our pulsating pricks,
sucking both of us alternately. I came first and spilled my white hot cum
on her face,"Geesus..uhhhh", soon after, Joe shot his cum on her face
as well, "Ahhh..Jen!..". Our shots were so strong and violent that Joe
splattered some of his CUM on my body, it was dripping hot, and
I splattered some of mine mine on his chest. Jen licked the CUM stained
flesh on both sides. She slurped every trickle of white sticky sperm on
my navel and on Joe's prick.
   All three of us breathed heavily. Spent, tired, and relieved, all three
of us collapsed on the slimy leather sofa. Our legs and arms entangled
together, with Jen between Joe and I.
   Before I drifted into sleep, I remember thinking of what our future
would be...This FUCK is too much for me to take. I really enjoyed it.
I know I would want some more. How long will this relationship last?
Tomorrow is another day, we'll see how it turns out...*FUCK*
