HORNY BASTARD 3 - Regrets (m/f/m)

PREVIOUSLY -
        Joe and I just had our FUCK of a lifetime. We never shared
        a woman before. Jennifer, a mysterious quiet girl, who
        rarely shared her hidden past, gave up her body to satisfy
        our lust. That one forbidden night, after a heavy dose of
        liquor, we were plunged into a heat of passion. It was a
        devious plan by Joe and I, but it turned out to be better
        than expected. Jennifer hungered for cocks inside her. She
        swallowed Joe fully, her tongue brushing the surface, and
        she squeezed my prick tightly with her wet cunt, saturating
        my rod with her slipperry juice.
        Somehow, I sensed that she did it because she owed us. She
        did it because she needed someone to hold her and touch her.
        It did not matter to her if it was for SEX. At least she felt
        wanted...


CURRENTLY -
        The next few days was strenuous for me. Joe still treated
Jennifer like she was his girlfriend. He came in and out of our
appartment dragging her wherever he liked. It tortured me deep
inside to see Jennifer glance my way everytime she was with Joe.
I was extremely jealous. I became angry at how Joe was handling the
situation. He wasn't treating me as a friend, he was treating me
like an outcast. He didn't even consider my feelings towards Jen,
and he acted as if Jen exclusively belongs to him. After what happened
between the three of us, I expected that I would be a part of that
relationship. I was hurting inside. I reconsidered my feelings about
my friendship with Joe. I was flaming with hate. I wanted to punch
him and beat him with my fists. Images of blood dripping down his
forehead, and sore bruises all over his body. For a moment, I thought
of death. I wanted to hurt Joe badly, but I'm too smart for that.
Physical pain is so easy. No...I'm angry because he has what I want.
He should not have toyed with me and offered her body to me. What did
he think? After going for a three-way FUCK, he can parade Jen in front
of me? What the FUCK for? To brag to me that the best FUCKING BITCH
still belongs to him? He can swallow my CUM and eat my SHIT!
      If he knew me well as a friend, then he would have considered
my feelings. I always considered his feelings, and that's the reason
I held back from FUCKING Jennifer and back-stabbing him. I guess
I'm only one of those FUCK 'friends' who means nothing to him...I had
to hurt him, I had to teach him a lesson...I'll FUCK him up really
bad, and he'll regret he ever FUCKED up with me...
      One wednesday afternoon, I came home early from school. I
wasn't supposed to be home until later in the evening, but it has
been a long day, and I decided to cut out of school early.
      I wasn't feeling so good. I haven't spoken to Joe normally
for the past few days, and he didn't seem to notice my pains. I
dragged my body up the stairs towards my apartment and sluggishly
opened the door with my key. Opening the door I searched for the
light switch, and in the midst of the shadows, I saw a figure move.
I turned the lights on. It was Jennifer...*FUCK* *What the hell...*
       Jennifer lay seductively on the leather couch where Joe and I
gave her a FUCK. I could still vividly picture Joe on the other end
getting a wet blow while I penetrated Jen's cunt from behind. Our
bodies slick with sweat and saliva. Our moans heavy, and our skin
hot. I remember our cum showering her face and her body, hot and
steaming with lust.
       Jennifer sat up as I walked in the room closing the door behind
me. Both her legs lay flat on the couch, her back resting on the arm
at the end of the couch. She gently flung her red-brown hair to one
side of her head and started twitching the ends with her fingers...
       "Jen...What are you doing here?" I asked softly.
       She stared at me with a faint smile.
       "I wanted to see you." She whispered. The black string over
       her shoulder which held her silky lingerie rolled off her
       tan tropical skin.
       "Where's Joe...?" I asked concerned.
       "He won't be here..." She assured.
       She stared at me intently with those sweet Asian eyes, and
smiled that innocent girlish smile that always melted my heart. She
kept twisting her hair with her fingers, and its driving my insides
wild...
       There was nothing else in my mind but her...
       "Turn off the lights?..." She requested. "I have something
for you..." Almost hypnotized, I flipped the lights off. I could
only see her shapely figure in the silhouette of the fading afternoon.
       I walked closer to her. She flung her head back swiftly letting
her hair down. I could smell the sweet fragrance of it as I approached
her.
       In the darkness, I kneeled on the floor, by the edge of the
couch, facing the length of her body lying in front of me. I stared
at the shadow in front of me. I felt her hands move closer to my face
and gently carress my hair. Her fingers combing through my hair, and
grasping my head around the ears and around the back of my neck. I
closed my eyes at the sensation of her touch. I 'purred' on her palm
as she smoothed my face and fingered my lips in the dark. I couldn't
see anything, yet I feel the heat of her touch. I started to lick her
palms, and suck one of her fingers. She rubbed her wet hand around my
face until I was soaked with my own saliva. She led my left hand which
was resting on the leather couch down her legs. I felt her skin so warm
and soft. I started to feel her thighs as my hand circled around her
legs. Rubbing and teasingly stroking her near the crack of her lingerie.
I could feel the smooth hairs between her legs and the lace that
decorated her garment. I could sense her other hand working around her
lingerie, while she grabbed hold of my head with the other.
Instictively, I rested my face on her stomach. Her lingerie was
stripped off. I felt her warm navel touch my face, and somehow I wanted
to lick her skin and paint it with my tongue. My other hand groped for
her breasts, while the other combed through her pussy hairs. I could
feel her nipples harden as I played with her cunt. The combined
efforts of my hands on her tits, my lips kissing on her navel, and my
other hand inside her cunt, made her moan softly as her body twisted
in pleasure.
       She tried to feel through my jeans, but I was a bit far from
her reach. I felt her hand carress my buttocks, leading my hips towards
her face. I had the urge to pull off my pants and reach for my throbbing
prick. Quickly I unbuttoned my pants, and unzipped my fly. I gripped
my dick out of its cage, just in time for Jen to feel it hanging.
I crawled on top of the couch still wearing my shirt and jeans, with
Jen's head underneath, between my legs -- the shadow of my cock
hanging in front of her face. I grasped both her thighs tightly with my
arms and hands, and roughly parted her legs as I burried my face into
her pussy. I licked the wet lips beneath the aromatic hairs. Jen
insatiably swallowed my dick jutting her tongue around and teased
my 'prick-hole'again and again. I could sense her tasting my pre-cum.
Unggghhh...I groaned. *Suck me Jen...* Uhhh....*Yeah baby...* I could
feel her tongue roving up and down from my balls to the tip of my prick
and then swallowing me full. She caressed my thighs enjoying the
sensation of my hairs running down my navel and to my balls. *Geesus,
she's so good...*
      Jeniffer motioned me to lie on the couch on my back. By now, I
somehow managed to remove my shirt and jeans. I was breathing heavily.
I was stopped short of cumming. *Thank God, I want more* I could
hear her gasp for breath as she tried to utter a whisper
into my ear...
      "Hhhey...Can you see me?" She said waving her hands in front of
      my face. I could feel the movement, but it was too dark to see.
      "Uhh. No." I rasped from under my breath.
      "Good,...I have something for you..." She said.
      "Oh yeah?..You have a surprise?" I replied still rubbing my
       saliva around her nipples with my fingertips.
      "Uh-hum..."She said almost giggling in her girlish sweet voice.
      It was hard to see in the dark, but I could feel her on top of
me sitting on my semi-hard dick squished somewhere between her
cunt and her ass...I sensed that she reached for something from the
table beside the couch. Suddenly I felt a soft drop of viscuous liquid
ooze from my forehead down to my nose and cheeks. I felt her hand
rub the slick fluid all over my face. I tasted a little bit of it. It's
almost like cum, but it's not. It was so slick, and somewhat bitter.
She rubbed the liquid all over my face and down my neck. Another dropfull
fell on my chest and another on my thighs. Jeniffer methodically spread
the jelly like substance all over my body. *Geesus...uhhh...it was so
good!*
      "You like?" Jen whispered.
      "Ohh...Jen...I like." I said with a groan.
      "Let me have some on my hands..."
      Jen took my hand and oozed out a portion.
      "Come closer Jen..."
      As soon as I could reach her, I smeared the jelly into her cunt
rubbing it in and out and around her thighs. I spread the jelly around
her asshole and around her tits. I heard Jen moan...
      Jeniffer lowered her body onto mine. Our skins slipping and
gliding off one another. The sensation was incomaparable. She thrusts
her ass into my hard dick and guided my prick into her asshole. With
her ass slick with the jelly, I penetrated her hole carefully.
"Ungghhh..." Jen cried somewhat in pain. "Slowly...unghh..." she
whispered. I pushed my rod carefully into her
asshole, *Geesus* Her hole was so tight, and hot, it almost milked my
dick with cum...
       I tried to pump her ass carefully, until finally her muscles
relaxed and accomodated the entirety of my rod. I was able to pump
into her tight hole as Jen rode my rhythm.
       The hot tight ass was too much for me to bear. It kept milking
my prick, squeezing, and gliding. The prickly hairs of her ass teased
my cock to cum...Uhhh....unnngghhh....I grasped and scratched her
round buttocks parting it as far as I could. Jen arched her back and
released my cock from her ass and inserted it into her juicy cunt.
The transition caught me off guard, that the sensations sent shocks
my aching balls. Her cunt seemed to have slurped my dick so swiftly.
The juices bubbling with excitement. She hammered her pussy up and
down. I could feel my legs stiffen and my thighs tighten. My groin
started to convulse. Jen gripped my shoulders so hard, she started to
scratch the skin off my chest. I held Jeniffer by the shoulders
pushing and pulling her body harder and deeper.
        Jeniffer began to groan and achingly gasped for air. I could
feel the fluid in my balls rising. Uhhh....uhhh...uhhhhhh.....Harder
and harder I pushed that my dick started to swell.
        "Jeniffer...Jeniffer...uhhh...I...I...love you...uhhhhh!"
        I came, and came, and shot, and splashed my cum in her cunt.
My dick throbbing, Jeniffer collapsed on top of me. Sliding her tits
on my nipples, breathing heavily Jen kissed me on the lips and whispered.
        "uhhh...Uhhhh...I..lo..."
        Suddenly, the door blasted open. The shodowy figure of Joe
stood in front of our eyes...


         Part 4 ? ------> to be continued....




