Archive-name: Affairs/hornbast.txt
Archive-author: Squirt
Archive-title: Horny Bastards - Part 1 to 5


NOTES: "Dear reader: This is my first attempt at writing for alt.sex.stories.
       This reflects a part of my life which you might consider
       fictional, although it may be as REAL since the story is based
       on my real life experiences as a 21 year old college student.
       Some details are exerpts from my real life personal Journal.
       You be the judge."

KEY: '*' enclosure of these symbols around words are interpreted as
     a personal thought. Spoken by me inside my head.


	It was one of those hot summer nights in the middle of June.
I remember laying on my bed feeling warm and sweaty from the evening
warmth. The open balcony door did not help much to alleviate the problem.
Less did the wizzing fan relieve me of the torturous stickiness that
covered my skin.
	I couldn't sleep. My mouth felt wet. My breath was heavy,...
and somehow (without intent) my dick was hard. The weather did not
bother me as much as I thought it would, because a fantasy danced in
my head which made the warm night an erotic night of lust. I visualized
this beautiful woman I saw on TV earlier that evening.
She has voluptuous tits that my hands would love to roam and touch
and squeeze. A nipple that I would love to taste with my tongue and
suck and lick and bite teasingly.
	I imagined myself sitting on my bed half naked, wearing only
my Calvin boxers. The sheets all messy and ruffled, my left foot flat
on the bed, my right leg spread showing a mild hard-on underneath my
shorts. I watched the beautiful lady slowly dancing naked in front of me.
The beat of an erotic rhythm played in the background, I believe
it was Enigma...She rubbed her breasts up and down playing with her
hard nipples. She reached for her wet cunt dripping with vaginal juices.
With her middle finger, she made little circles of pleasure by rubbing
her clit gently and methodically. I was as horny as hell. I fondled
my own nipples pinching it gently with my left fingers, my right hand
gently patting and rubbing my navel near my belly button. I liked
the feeling of my hair trailing all the way down my balls. I slid my
hand down and grasped by rod. It was rigid and warm. I could only imagine
how sweet her navel would be under my tongue. Ohh.. I could smell that
thick aroma of her organ. It was a smell that somehow resembled the
arousing scent of sweat underneath a pair of Levis jeans.
	She came closer to my bed and stood near the corner of the bed
by the wooden posts. She carressed the brown hard wood with her hands
and slowly kneeled on the floor. She licked the wood, her saliva glistening
on the surface. She motioned me to pull down my boxers revealing a
mildly thickened prick. I removed my Calvins and threw it to her. She
caught it and then she smelled it. She pulled the elastic band wide and
bit the hanging garment underneath the crotch carefully swallowing the
crotch area and slowly pulling it out wet and dripping with saliva.
I licked my plams and spat on them and then started to stroke myself.
My spit was wet and thick. It felt so soft and slippery on my throbbing
dick as I continually stroked it with strength. She started to suck
the wood at the corner of my bed, and amazingly was able to put the whole
thing in her mouth. *FUCK* I sighed to myself...The tip of my dick was
tingling as I circled my fisted hands around it. The beautiful vision went
around my bed and crawled on top of me. She knelt at the foot of the bed
and stared at me intently. She liked to watch me masturbate. And I liked
her watching me masturbate. *Watch me Babe* *Yeahhhh...that's it...*
She pulled on my left foot and dragged my leg flat on the bed and gently
spread my legs apart. She bent over and slid her hands on top of my
jerking fist. She continued to lower her face between my legs as she
carressed my navel -- slowly reaching for my ass and gripping it tight.
She lowered her face further until I finally let go of my dick, and
she started to lick the head of my rod and carefully inserted the
hardness into her mouth. My God....it was so good. I closed my eyes
and sensed all the pleasure I could feel. hhhh....hhhhhh...I quietly
sighed. My saliva dripped uncontrollably down the corner of my mouth.
I did not mind. I opened my eyes and I let myself salivate at the sight
of her head bobbing up and down my prick.
   With the warm air I could smell the scent of "human SEX". The softness
of the skin, and slippery substances in her mouth was something I longed
for. Her tooth never scraped the head of my dick. Her tounge circled
the head. It felt wonderful and warm and soft and slippery and so
fuckin' REAL! I was nearing orgasm....uh..uuhhh..uh... SUDDENLY...
I woke up!! MOTHER FUCKIN' SON OF A BITCH!! It IS REAL!! My roomate's
girlfriend was giving me a blow right there! I was shocked at first, but
I couldn't stop myself anymore. I was burried in ecstacy and I've reached
a point of no return. The emotional mixture of shock, pleasure, lust,
and the inevitable explosion of orgasm was nearing its peak.
I gasped for air as I neared my orgasm,...uhh...uhh.. oh my God... *Fuck*
... Jeniffer ...what are you...*Geesus*...uhh...are you doing? .... uhhh ...
*FUCK*.... My body started to tense as she placed more pressure on my
hard dick...up and down she went faster in pace....She made it more
pleasurable and intense as she stuck one of her fingers inside my asshole.
The tingling sensation of her fingers inside my hole as she fucked it
deep set my prostate convulsing in wild sensations. The combined
stimulation of my asshole and prick sent me to another universe.
I could feel my groin squeezing out all the CUM it can find from my balls.
My legs tensed and I gripped her head grabbing her hair pushing her
face deeper...*FFFFUCKKK*...my hips pushing forward...I'm Cumming...uhhh....
*Yeahhh*....mmmhhh....uhhh....She jerked the base of my dick with her
other hand as she continued to suck the head and finger fuck my asshole....
Oh my God Jen...Jen...uhhh!!..hhh...uhhh! I exploded on her face my hot
white cum. It dripped from her forehead to her cheeks and down her mouth.
She licked the sticky cum dripping off my dick and sucked the head for more.
She burriedher face underneath my balls savoring every drop with her tounge
...*FUCK* I said to myself. *My roommate is just next door*...
*What am I going to do if he finds out!*... *He's my Best Friend!*...
*Shit*... I found it difficult to handle the situation, my friendship
is in jeopardy. Yet somehow, I found it a turn on..."I just fucked face
my BEST FRIEND'S girlfriend" It was one of the best blowjob I had in years.
Somehow, I feel even closer to him as a friend since we now share a
common FUCK...I pondered on the idea of FUCKING another man's girl...It
was definitely an aphrodesiac of challenge and risk. A friendship on the
brink of wild passion. A friendship built on a common FUCK...
I'm so confused...What am I going to do?....

                        HORNY BASTARDS 2
                           by SQUIRT

PREVIOUSLY: I was having the fantasy of a lifetime one hot summer
     evening. I imagined (I thought I did) that I was being SUCKED
     by a beautiful voluptuous woman, with a wonderful slippery
     soft lips and expert warm tongue. I saw her image on TV
     that night, and the dream never went away. I was wrong.
     I woke up surprised when I discovered my dream was REAL!
     It was my best friend's (my roommate) girl giving me a blow.
     Her name was Jennifer. That evening Jen spent the night
     over after their date, at my friend's request.
     I suppose I heard them fucking that night, I could only imagine
     their motions as I listen to their groans and moans of ecstacy.
     Him on top of her pumping his dick in as far as he could, while
     her legs wrapped around his waist, and her hands gripping his back.
     I try not to notice, so I diverted myself to watching TV.
     Now, however, things have changed...I awoke seeing Jen jerking
     my dick and sucking my head...She swallowed MY CUM and made
     me feel a sweet painful pleasure...

PART 2 ----->

     After I gathered myself together, I looked at Jennifer straight
in the eyes. Not knowing what to say or how to start, I sat up towards
her, and faced her CUM dripping face. I could feel her warm breath upon
my lips, and I could smell the stale CUM. I reached up my right hand
gently pushing her black-reddish messy hair back away from her face.
     Jennifer is a beautiful girl. At 19, she has a body that any man
would kill for. She had a smile that would melt your heart and remind
you of an innocent tropical girl. Her tropical tan and smoldering exotic
eyes hints a beauty worth the sacrifice to the gods of the natives.
She had a mysterious way about her. The innocent image she posessed
hides another woman. Behind the innocent fascade is a hungry passion of
lust. She is a girl of few words, and rarely did she spoke to me. She
is friendly, yet aloof. When I do get the chance to talk to her, she
always ends our conversation quickly, yet sweetly. She was never rude
to me, and on occasion caught her glaring at me sweetly. I ruled out
the possibility that there would be something between us. She was my
best friend's girl...I wanted her. I really did.
     "Jennifer...why?" I whispered to her, my throught harsh and dry
from our night of ecstacy. "Shhhh..." she whispered, placing her finger
on my lips. "I...did it for you...". She looked at me in the eyes, she
had that look of hidden pain covere by a faint smile. I went closer
and partly opened my mouth and kissed her on the lips. Her tongue
probed in my mouth and mine into hers. I could still taste my fresh CUM
in her mouth. I did not care. It was our wine of love. We kissed passionately and
finally she pushed me back and slowly stood up from my bed. I sat there
and watched her leave. She looked back a last time before exiting my
room. From the faint light I could admire her shapely body. Her buttocks
firm, her breasts rounded and tender.
      I laid on my bed and stared at the ceiling. I wasn't able to go
back to sleep. I pondered the thought of her with me. I wanted her back
in my room. The desire was so strong that I was angry. I was screaming
inside figuring out what to do. Why have I done this to my best friend?
Should I tell him? I would loose her. I would loose my friend. *FUCK*
*I need her*
   The following days tortured me. I was moody and snapped at almost
everyone. I was irritable. I couldn't concentrate in class. I was supposed
to study for a midterm, but my mind kept creeping back to that night
with Jennifer. I see her with my buddy almost everytime, but I try not
to act obvious. But I guess, I had a tougher time when she is around with
my best friend. I know my friend well, and he knows me well, I had a
feeling he knows what's up with me.
   Joe is a cool guy. He's about a year older than me. We've been friends
for about 3 years now since I met him freshman year. He's a good looking
Chinese-American in a rough sort of way, and women usually like
him for his body. As for myself, for a Filipino I was lucky for an
athletic physique mixed with a boyish look of innocence which my Chinese
heritage offered. My witty remarks and quick reactions, combined with
Joe's qualities make our team a trap for worthy women. We like each
other's company and somehow our relationship evolved into an open,
trusting, and loyal friendship. I put great importance in our
friendship and his need for favors are always a priority to me.
Mutually, he does the same. We have similar taste in girls and the way
we FUCK, that made us inseparable when going to social functions.
Things just started to change after we encountered Jennifer one night
in a local dance club.
   Joe invited me for lunch one friday. It was a jump out of the ordinary
since he hasn't treated me for lunch in a long while. We met at our
favorite Korean Restaurant.
   I sat across the table from Joe, feeling awkward since we haven't
done this for quite awhile. We placed an order and sipped our tea. We
both stared at the waitress' ass as she walked away. Then he looked at
me grinning that stupid grin.
   "So...Get any blowjobs lately?" he blurted out. I was shocked to hell.
I didn't know what to say. Images from the past weekend flashed before
me. I looked at him straight in the eyes and uttered nothing.
   "Well?...Aren't you going to tell me what happened?" he asked.
   "I thought we were friends?",
    I said nothing.
   "If you're worried about how I feel..."
   "It's OK...", "It just disappoints me that you did not tell me."
   "We made a deal didn't we?", "We tell each other what's up?"
   I nodded. I sipped my tea trembling.
   "How did you know?..." I responded uneasy. "Did she tell you?".
   "She didn't have to tell me. I know." he said.
   "So what do you want me to do?" I asked.
   "Do what you do best...FUCK her." he said acting a little coy.
   "WHAT?!..." I said.
   "I know how you feel for her, I saw the way you look at her,
    her glares, your reactions...C'mon, give me some credit...
    I'm your best friend." he stated.
   "I'm confused Joe...What did you want me to do?" I asked.
   "OK...I-want-you-to-FUCK my girlfriend...and if you don't
    mind...I would like the three of us to get together." he said.
    Somehow, the idea triggered something inside. I liked the thought
of me FUCKING a girl with my best friend. Images flashed in my mind.
The moaning and groaning I only heard in the night will now be our groans,
and our moans. *FUCKING BASTARD* I thought with a grin.
    I looked at him straight in the eyes grinning.
    "OK you dirty dog." I said.
    "Great...It's friday, and it's time we celebrate tonight..."
    "Let's eat..." :)

    That evening, we set up our own private party. Just the three of
us in our little private apartment near campus. The light dimmed and
a slow rhythmic beat played in the background. The scent of heavy liquor
was in the air. We sat in the living room on the long leather sofa. All
three of us sat very close to each other. Jennifer sat in between me
and Joe. We laughed at the thought of us three sleeping together, it was
the topic of the night. There were no objections from anyone. Jennifer
was in her quiet little self making remarks here and there.
    Somehow, in the midst of our conversation, there was suddenly nothing
else to say. We were quiet....
    I saw Joe place his arm around her and started to passionately kiss
her lovely lips. I felt Jen's hand crawl up my knee and started to carress
my thighs. Joe's free hand crept up Jen's mini skirt searching for her
soft wet cunt. I started to get hard seeing the action. I breathed heavily.
My right hand went down Jen's blouse feeling her soft tan breasts
underneath my fingers. I felt her hand reach up my pants and squeeze and
carress my crotch. I moved closer to her neck and started to lick her sweet
skin. My lips were hot on her neck as my fingers worked to unbutton her
blouse. I felt her hand stroking my hardness through my denim jeans.
hhhhh..hhh....I muttered. I heard Joe's breath and Jen's mild moans of
ecstacy in between breaths of kisses. Jen's blouse soon fell from her
lovely body and I anxiously threw it aside with my free hand. Jen did not
wear a bra, and all her beauty was exposed in front of my eyes. An animal
being took over me and I burried my face between her breasts painting
the beautiful mounds with hot saliva from my tongue. I heard her groan from
the expertise of the men surrounding her. Joe's hand pulsated in and out
from under her skirt torturing her with wild sensations.
     Somehow, Jen managed to unbutton my pants with her free hand and
release my hardened dick from its cage. She gripped it commandingly and
stroked it and squeezed it, my pre-cum instantly dripped from its
head. I played with her hard nipples teasingly with my probing tongue.
I sensed Joe trying his best to unbutton his pants. Jen took over and
finally was able to remove it completely revealing his prized possesion.
With Joe's free hand, now wet and slippery with cunt juice, started to
stroke himself.
     The action was too much for Jen to handle. She squirmed on the
leather sofa and eventually fell on her back with ME on one end and
Joe on the other. All three of us panted furiously as we try rearrange
ourselves to better positions. Jen reached for Joe's cock and hungrily
inserted it into her mouth alternating the sucking from the head to
his balls and back. *FUCK* I thought. I was given the opportunity to
try out Jen's wet pussy as her beautiful ass pointed my direction.
On all fours, Jen offered me her sweet cunt. I stood on my knees on the
other end of the sofa and gently entered the sweet offering with my
throbbing dick. It was tight, *Geesus*, it was tight and wet. Ohhhh...
Jen...*FUCK*...In and out I rode her savoring the sensations of every
nerve on my prick. Her muscles inside contracting at every push. I
was leaning on her back and I saw Joe on the other end receiving what
seemed to be a heavenly blow. His face contorted in pleasure, he looked my
way and grinned a devilish grin of sweet pain. He moaned and I moaned,
Jen screamed a little out of sweet pain while I penetrated her deeply.
We were like wolves howling in the night. Jen's dripping saliva was too
much for my sight to bear. She swallowed Joe over and over and over again.
   Our motions and the sight of each other FUCKING was too much for us
to bear. Faster I went, I could feel my prick tingle. Uugghh...unghhh...
Jen...I'm CUMMING...uhhh...*FUCK* "Don't CUM in her pussy man!" Joe
managed to shout between grunts. "Wait for me to CUM man!...ungghhh..uhh".
"Hurry Joe!...uhhhh..." I said.
   In the back of my mind I knew what he wanted to happen. We always
talked about it when we watched porno movies that someday we'll get to do it.
   Jen stroked and sucked Joe faster that his dick was red and sore. It
was ready to burst. Jen reached her orgasm berfore anything happened. She
screamed a small little scream of pleasure as she continued to suck on
Joe's prick. "Mmmmhhhm....mhhhhh" she muttered.
   "I'm CUMMING man! uhhh..."
   "Ohhh man! I'm CUMMING too!...ahhh..uhh" I replied.
   Jen pulled away and placed herself between our pulsating pricks.
sucking both of alternately. I came first and spilled my white hot cum
on her face,"Geesus..uhhhh", soon after, Joe shot his cum on her face
as well, "Ahhh..Jen!..". Our shots were so strong and violent that Joe
splattered some of his CUM on my body, it was dripping hot, and
I splattered some of mine mine on his chest. Jen licked the CUM stained
flesh on both sides. She slurped every trickle of white sticky sperm on
my navel and on Joe's prick.
   All three of us breathed heavily. Spent, tired, and relieved, all three
of us collapsed on the slimy leather sofa. Our legs and arms entangled
together, with Jen between Joe and I.
   Before I drifted into sleep, I remember thinking of what our future
would be...This FUCK is too much for me to take. I really enjoyed it.
I know I would want some more. How long will this relationship last?
Tomorrow is another day, we'll see how it turns out...*FUCK*

PREVIOUSLY -
        Joe and I just had our FUCK of a lifetime. We never shared
        a woman before. Jennifer, a mysterious quiet girl, who
        rarely shared her hidden past, gave up her body to satisfy
        our lust. That one forbidden night, after a heavy dose of
        liquor, we were plunged into a heat of passion. It was a
        devious plan by Joe and I, but it turned out to be better
        than expected. Jennifer hungered for cocks inside her. She
        swallowed Joe fully, her tongue brushing the surface, and
        she squeezed my prick tightly with her wet cunt, saturating
        my rod with her slipperry juice.
        Somehow, I sensed that she did it because she owed us. She
        did it because she needed someone to hold her and touch her.
        It did not matter to her if it was for SEX. At least she felt
        wanted...


CURRENTLY -
        The next few days was strenuous for me. Joe still treated
Jennifer like she was his girlfriend. He came in and out of our
appartment dragging her wherever he liked. It tortured me deep
inside to see Jennifer glance my way everytime she was with Joe.
I was extremely jealous. I became angry at how Joe was handling the
situation. He wasn't treating me as a friend, he was treating me
like an outcast. He didn't even consider my feelings towards Jen,
and he acted as if Jen exclusively belongs to him. After what happened
between the three of us, I expected that I would be a part of that
relationship. I was hurting inside. I reconsidered my feelings about
my friendship with Joe. I was flaming with hate. I wanted to punch
him and beat him with my fists. Images of blood dripping down his
forehead, and sore bruises all over his body. For a moment, I thought
of death. I wanted to hurt Joe badly, but I'm too smart for that.
Physical pain is so easy. No...I'm angry because he has what I want.
He should not have toyed with me and offered her body to me. What did
he think? After going for a three-way FUCK, he can parade Jen in front
of me? What the FUCK for? To brag to me that the best FUCKING BITCH
still belongs to him? He can swallow my CUM and eat my SHIT!
      If he knew me well as a friend, then he would have considered
my feelings. I always considered his feelings, and that's the reason
I held back from FUCKING Jennifer and back-stabbing him. I guess
I'm only one of those FUCK 'friends' who means nothing to him...I had
to hurt him, I had to teach him a lesson...I'll FUCK him up really
bad, and he'll regret he ever FUCKED up with me...
      One wednesday afternoon, I came home early from school. I
wasn't supposed to be home until later in the evening, but it has
been a long day, and I decided to cut out of school early.
      I wasn't feeling so good. I haven't spoken to Joe normally
for the past few days, and he didn't seem to notice my pains. I
dragged my body up the stairs towards my apartment and sluggishly
opened the door with my key. Opening the door I searched for the
light switch, and in the midst of the shadows, I saw a figure move.
I turned the lights on. It was Jennifer...*FUCK* *What the hell...*
       Jennifer lay seductively on the leather couch where Joe and I
gave her a FUCK. I could still vividly picture Joe on the other end
getting a wet blow while I penetrated Jen's cunt from behind. Our
bodies slick with sweat and saliva. Our moans heavy, and our skin
hot. I remember our cum showering her face and her body, hot and
steaming with lust.
       Jennifer sat up as I walked in the room closing the door behind
me. Both her legs lay flat on the couch, her back resting on the arm
at the end of the couch. She gently flung her red-brown hair to one
side of her head and started twitching the ends with her fingers...
       "Jen...What are you doing here?" I asked softly.
       She stared at me with a faint smile.
       "I wanted to see you." She whispered. The black string over
       her shoulder which held her silky lingerie rolled off her
       tan tropical skin.
       "Where's Joe...?" I asked concerned.
       "He won't be here..." She assured.
       She stared at me intently with those sweet asian eyes, and
smiled that innocent girlish smile that always melted my heart. She
kept twisting her hair with her fingers, and its driving my insides
wild...
       There was nothing else in my mind but her...
       "Turn off the lights?..." She requested. "I have something
for you..." Almost hypnotized, I flipped the lights off. I could
only see her shapely figure in the silhouette of the fading afternoon.
       I walked closer to her. She flung her head back swiftly letting
her hair down. I could smell the sweet fragrance of it as I approached
her.
       In the darkness, I kneeled on the floor, by the edge of the
couch, facing the length of her body lying in front of me. I stared
at the shadow in front of me. I felt her hands move closer to my face
and gently carress my hair. Her fingers combing through my hair, and
grasping my head around the ears and around the back of my neck. I
closed my eyes at the sensation of her touch. I 'purred' on her palm
as she smoothed my face and fingered my lips in the dark. I couldn't
see anything, yet I feel the heat of her touch. I started to lick her
palms, and suck one of her fingers. She rubbed her wet hand around my
face until I was soaked with my own saliva. She led my left hand which
was resting on the leather couch down her legs. I felt her skin so warm
and soft. I started to feel her thighs as my hand circled around her
legs. Rubbing and teasingly stroking her near the crack of her lingerie.
I could feel the smooth hairs between her legs and the lace that
decorated her garment. I could sense her other hand working around her
lingerie, while she grabbed hold of my head with the other.
Instictively, I rested my face on her stomach. Her lingerie was
stripped off. I felt her warm navel touch my face, and somehow I wanted
to lick her skin and paint it with my tongue. My other hand groped for
her breasts, while the other combed through her pussy hairs. I could
feel her nipples harden as I played with her cunt. The combined
efforts of my hands on her tits, my lips kissing on her navel, and my
other hand inside her cunt, made her moan softly as her body twisted
in pleasure.
       She tried to feel through my jeans, but I was a bit far from
her reach. I felt her hand carress my buttocks, leading my hips towards
her face. I had the urge to pull off my pants and reach for my throbbing
prick. Quickly I unbuttoned my pants, and unzipped my fly. I gripped
my dick out of its cage, just in time for Jen to feel it hanging.
I crawled on top of the couch still wearing my shirt and jeans, with
Jen's head underneath, between my legs -- the shadow of my cock
hanging in front of her face. I grasped both her thighs tightly with my
arms and hands, and roughly parted her legs as I burried my face into
her pussy. I licked the wet lips beneath the aromatic hairs. Jen
insatiably swallowed my dick jutting her tongue around and teased
my 'prick-hole'again and again. I could sense her tasting my pre-cum.
Unggghhh...I groaned. *Suck me Jen...* Uhhh....*Yeah baby...* I could
feel her tongue roving up and down from my balls to the tip of my prick
and then swallowing me full. She caressed my thighs enjoying the
sensation of my hairs running down my navel and to my balls. *Geesus,
she's so good...*
      Jeniffer motioned me to lie on the couch on my back. By now, I
somehow managed to remove my shirt and jeans. I was breathing heavily.
I was stopped short of cumming. *Thank God, I want more* I could
hear her gasp for breath as she tried to utter a whisper
into my ear...
      "Hhhey...Can you see me?" She said waving her hands in front of
      my face. I could feel the movement, but it was too dark to see.
      "Uhh. No." I rasped from under my breath.
      "Good,...I have something for you..." She said.
      "Oh yeah?..You have a surprise?" I replied still rubbing my
       saliva around her nipples with my fingertips.
      "Uh-hum..."She said almost giggling in her girlish sweet voice.
      It was hard to see in the dark, but I could feel her on top of
me sitting on my semi-hard dick squished somewhere between her
cunt and her ass...I sensed that she reached for something from the
table beside the couch. Suddenly I felt a soft drop of viscuous liquid
ooze from my forehead down to my nose and cheeks. I felt her hand
rub the slick fluid all over my face. I tasted a little bit of it. It's
almost like cum, but it's not. It was so slick, and somewhat bitter.
She rubbed the liquid all over my face and down my neck. Another dropfull
fell on my chest and another on my thighs. Jeniffer methodically spread
the jelly like substance all over my body. *Geesus...uhhh...it was so
good!*
      "You like?" Jen whispered.
      "Ohh...Jen...I like." I said with a groan.
      "Let me have some on my hands..."
      Jen took my hand and oozed out a portion.
      "Come closer Jen..."
      As soon as I could reach her, I smeared the jelly into her cunt
rubbing it in and out and around her thighs. I spread the jelly around
her asshole and around her tits. I heard Jen moan...
      Jeniffer lowered her body onto mine. Our skins slipping and
gliding off one another. The sensation was incomaparable. She thrusts
her ass into my hard dick and guided my prick into her asshole. With
her ass slick with the jelly, I penetrated her hole carefully.
"Ungghhh..." Jen cried somewhat in pain. "Slowly...unghh..." she
whispered. I pushed my rod carefully into her
asshole, *Geesus* Her hole was so tight, and hot, it almost milked my
dick with cum...
       I tried to pump her ass carefully, until finally her muscles
relaxed and accomodated the entirety of my rod. I was able to pump
into her tight hole as Jen rode my rhythm.
       The hot tight ass was too much for me to bear. It kept milking
my prick, squeezing, and gliding. The prickly hairs of her ass teased
my cock to cum...Uhhh....unnngghhh....I grasped and scratched her
round buttocks parting it as far as I could. Jen arched her back and
released my cock from her ass and inserted it into her juicy cunt.
The transition caught me off guard, that the sensations sent shocks
my aching balls. Her cunt seemed to have slurped my dick so swiftly.
The juices bubbling with excitement. She hammered her pussy up and
down. I could feel my legs stiffen and my thighs tighten. My groin
started to convulse. Jen gripped my shoulders so hard, she started to
scratch the skin off my chest. I held Jeniffer by the shoulders
pushing and pulling her body harder and deeper.
        Jeniffer began to groan and achingly gasped for air. I could
feel the fluid in my balls rising. Uhhh....uhhh...uhhhhhh.....Harder
and harder I pushed that my dick started to swell.
        "Jeniffer...Jeniffer...uhhh...I...I...love you...uhhhhh!"
        I came, and came, and shot, and splashed my cum in her cunt.
My dick throbbing, Jeniffer collapsed on top of me. Sliding her tits
on my nipples, breathing heavily Jen kissed me on the lips and whispered.
        "uhhh...Uhhhh...I..lo..."
        Suddenly, the door blasted open. The shodowy figure of Joe
stood in front of our eyes...


Previously ---
              Things have really heated-up after my 3-way FUCK with
              Jeniffer and Joe. The following week was a disaster. I
              felt left out of the relationship because Joe acted like
              Jeniffer still belonged to him. He probably expected that
              after that FUCK with Jen, I would have eliminated every
              physical attraction I had for her. That was stupid. Every
              time I see them together I feel a knife splicing through
              my body that cut my guts to pieces.
              I was angry, and I believe I had the case of Fatal
              Attraction. I wanted to hurt Joe as bad as he was hurting
              me. I plotted to take Jen from him, no matter what it
              takes.
              One gloomy afternoon, I was caught unexpectedly by
              Jeniffer's presence inside the apartment. She lay naked on
              the couch. Her body, so beautiful. She seduced me to FUCK
              her in the dark. We fucked... and fucked... and fucked --
              Feeling the fullness of each other without Joe in our
              minds. I confessed to her that "I love her", and then
              before she could reply her feelings for me, Joe bursts
              into the room...


HORNYBASTARDS 4 --- continuation .....

              Joe flipped the lights on and stared at us in shock.
I could sense his anger swell as his eyes darted in our direction,
seeing our naked bodies slick and stained with cum. I stared back at him,
somehow shot with a tinge of guilt, yet I forced a sinister glare and
said nothing...
               "You cock suckin' FUCK!" Joe managed to mumble out loud.
               I calmly took my pants and put it on. I said nothing.
Jeniffer hid from behind me and started to sob as Joe exploded.
               "You mother FUCKIN' PRICK!" he shouted rushing towards
me, pushing me aside hard and half throwing me across the room. He
grabbed Jen on the wrists and dragged her away from me flinging her
naked body on the floor near the bedroom. Jen screamed and cried and
ran into the bedroom.
               I stood up from the floor and charged a rounded fist
on Joe's face. I struck him hard, and he started to bleed. Joe was
larger than I, he pushed me away and swung a punch on my face. I fell
hard, my back crashing on the table near the couch. *ugh!* "FUCK YOU
JOE! FUCK-YOU!" I said trying to keep my balance. I crawled near a
chair in the dining area... "Why did you let me fuck her, man..."
"Why?" I asked painfuly leaning on the chair...Both our faces were
bleeding...
              Joe glared at me intently, not knowing what to say.
              "Get out..." he said.
              I stood slowly from the chair and I stared back at Joe.
              I said nothing.
              Jeniffer stood by the bedroom door wearing a bathrobe
              sobbing.
              "Don't ever come back..." he breathed heavily.
              I walked past Joe and stopped short in front of Jeniffer.
I looked at Jeniffer deep in the eyes. Her beauty rustled with a bruise,
her hair messy. She looked back at me, tears flowing from her cheeks.
Joe went between us and dragged her to his side... I wanted to kill him.
But instead, I stared through him.
              I reached into my pocket and pulled out a silver coin
which Joe exchanged for me years back when we were in Las Vegas. Joe
has one also which came from me. I won two thousand dollars with that
silver coin, and I split it with him. Somehow, it became a symbol of
our friendship, and I've always carried it with me.
              "You made me do it..." I said looking at him straight in
the eyes. "You made me..." I tossed the silver coin on the floor and
I left the room without another word.
              I left the building quickly, not knowing what to do or
where to go. I could feel the soreness on my face, and the drying blood
on my lips. *Why didn't Jeniffer go with me?* *What was she afraid of?*
*Did she love me too?* *FUCK* *I feel so betrayed by both of them* I
felt my friendship with Joe was wasted. Somehow I felt so guilty, yet
what can I do? *Why did you let me touch her Joe?...* *Why didn't you
consider my feelings?* *I thought you were my friend.* *FUCK*
I walked down the street wandering and questioning myself so many times.
I got into my car and drove-off erratically. Somehow, I arrived at
my friend's house. She was an old friend from my freshman year. She
dropped out because she decided to get married to this navy guy.
We still kept in touch all these years.
      I went up to her door and knocked...I heard the latch and the door
opened...
         "Oh god..." she mumbled.
         "Hi Melissa...Can I come in?" I said in a raspy tone...
         She pulled me inside, past her living room, into the kitchen.
Melissa took out some ice from the refrigerator. I watched her intently
as she crushed the ice and placed them in the ice pack. Melissa still
looks great after all these years. Her sweet asian face molded with
her father's caucasian eyes and nose. Her body still slim and slender
beneath her evening gown. Melissa still looked pretty.
        "What happened?" she asked walking towards me with the ice.
        "I had a fight with Joe." I said.
        She placed the pack on my jaw and with her other hand wiped the
the blood off my lips...
        "Where's Frank?" I asked wondering.
        "Oh, don't worry about him. He's in Indonesia on a 6 month
         sea duty." "So what happened between you and Joe? You guys
         are really good friends?"
        "I'm really not ready to talk about it Melissa, I'm sorry,
         I hope you understand."
        "Ofcourse I do...It's OK." she replied.
         Melissa led me into the living room.
         "Why don't you rest here for awhile. I'll be here."
         I sat on the couch, and soon my eyes started to close and I
drifted on to sleep. I dreamed I was in Las Vegas with Joe. We watched
the stage dancers strip off their clothes and fondle their breasts. We
were drunk and we were having a good time. I had a flash of that time
we exchanged our money for the silver dollar. "For friendship and good
luck" we said. We shook on it. We had a handshake that only us knows.
Suddenly, I had an image of Jeniffer making love to me, and from out
of nowhere a fist flew towards my face! I woke up shaken. I felt
Melissa's hand combing through my hair pushing the strands away from
my eyes...
          "It's OK...I'm here." she said softly.
          I looked at Melissa in the eye's and I could notice how hazel
they were. I leaned closer to her, and she moved closer to me. She
pressed her lips against mine, and we kissed deeply and passionately.
Melissa tugged on my shirt, and with our lips in heat, she led me in the
bedroom.
        Melissa fell on her back onto the bed. I was on top of her and
I continued to kiss her. I probed my tongue into her mouth, while
she started to fondle my crotch. My body laid heavily on top of her
small frame. I gripped her shoulders commandingly, and I pressed my lips
hard against her mouth. My body started in motion, sliding up and
down her voluptuous body, rubbing my hardening cock between her legs.
Through my pants, I could feel her hands stroking...playing...stroking,
and methodically unbuttoning my jeans. I squeezed her shoulders harder
and I roughly pushed and slid her body up closer to the headboard.
There was a look of momentary shock in her eyes. The sudden roughness
turned her on even more. She invited me closer as she held my head
with both her hands and shoved my face between her legs. I squirmed
underneath her lingerie. I could smell her organ, and it was the scent
of freshly cut grass. I grasped her ankles and spread her legs apart.
With my tongue, I tasted her sweet lips, fondled her clit, and probed
every crevace between her legs. I felt her shiver and hold the headboard
tightly. Her legs almost kicking with pleasure. My hands roamed her
body. I caressed her breasts up and down from her nipples to her groin.
I reached under her lingerie, around her buttocks, up her back, until
I finally slid the silk off her shoulders. My head fell on her navel,
and as I looked up, I could see the firm breasts that marriage didn't
abuse. Her pretty face peered down, watching my every move. I grabbed
the pillow next to me and I took the pillowcase off. I climbed on top
of her, and I started to remove my shirt, I felt her hands work on my
jeans revealing my hard cock. It stuck out of my jocks dripping with
pre-cum. I looked at her... emotionless. My face hard and somewhat
angry. I took the pillowcase and twisted it into a rope, and then took
her hands. She was quite resistant, yet she did not complain. She sighed.
I bound her tight against the headboard and moved closer to her face,
kicked-off my pants, and knelt on her-- her face directly underneath
between my legs; her tits brushing against my thighs. My cock hung out
in front of her face. I guided my dick into her mouth forcing it open.
She took it, and I fucked her throat deep. *Uhhhh* *Mmmhhhhh* I leaned
my hands flat on the wall thrusting my cock in and out of her mouth.
I slammed my dick onto her face and she rolled her tongue from the bottom
of my balls and suckled the head. *Geesus* *Ugghh* She licked the tip
of my dick from inside her mouth, and she sucked it, swallowing it whole.
I fucked her face slow, careful, yet insistent.
     With her hands bound, I reached down her hips and stretched her
body forward, higher towards the headboard. I released my dripping
cock from her mouth and maneuvered it between her legs. I pushed it
roughly inside and she gave out a cry of ecstacy. Feeling the wetness
inside her cunt, her muscles contracting, I started to pump in and out.
*Oh Godd* She held my face and clutched the strands of my hair, almost
painfully pulling. She rammed my head into her breasts, and I
started to nibble on her hard nipples...licking and sucking, smoothing
my tongue around and over her mounds. I kept pumping inside her, wanting
that sensual tingle to arise from my groin. Her pussy teased, and
squeezed, and contracted to every penetration. I started to pump harder,
and even harder that she started to moan. I could feel the tingles
rumbling inside. It was torturing my balls to realease my load.
"Harder..." she whispered from a gasp. "Harder..." "Harder...."*Uggghhh*
I pressed more...I could feel her cunt almost tearing and quivering.
I slid my dick in,out, around and deep...I could feel my self starting
to cum. I wanted her to cum too. Harder and harder I pushed, I gripped
her back, my arms around her. She raised her legs and wrapped them
around my waist pushing me deeper. I could feel my cock slamming onto
her cervix. It was ecstacy...My cum tingled inside my groin. I held her
body, reaching from her waist, twisting it towards me. I wanted to cum.
"Hhhhhh...hhhhh....Uhhhhh......" "Ohhhhhh....." "Fuck me...hhhhhh"
"Fuck me..." I fucked, and fucked, and fucked, until finally I
stiffened, and my groin contracted, squeezing every cum from my balls
pushing my fluid out and spilling it inside her swelling cunt. My
cum simmered inside her, and she let out a moan. I could feel my own
cum oozing the walls of her cunt. Her body arching on my arms as I
raised her body towards me. I released her bound and she collapsed on
my shoulders. Wrapped around each other, we rocked on the bed, until we
slowly slid down on the sheets and cradled each other to sleep.
      I awoke, feeling Melissa's arms around me. She was circling her
fingers around my chest. She was watching me...emotionless.
        "I...I'm sorry..." I said confused, feeling guilty. I needed
to say something.
        "Don't be..." she replied. "We both needed each other..."
"It happened because we both wanted it to happen."
        We were both quiet. I stared at the dark ceiling, and she
        stared at me...
        "I have to leave tomorrow..." I said suddenly. "I cannot
         stay here."
        "Where will you go?" she asked concerned.
        "I've decided to go to Florida for awhile and stay with
         my cousin."
        She was speechless...
        "Stay with me longer..." she whispered.
        I didn't answer. I held her head to my chest and pulled her
body close. I started to comb my fingers through her hair...
        "I have to go..." I whispered. "Frank will be back soon..."


Previously: -----
            My friendship with Joe came to an end when he found me with
            Jeniffer that night. I just came home, and I found Jeniffer
            naked on the couch. She seduced me to make love to her, and
            teased me with her sexual games. I could not forget her.
            Her soft breasts, and her delicate asian skin echoes in my
            mind over and over again. Her smile, oh God, her smile just
            melts my heart. I fucked Joe's girl because he was asking
            for it. He hurt me by shutting me out of the relationship.
            He knew I had feelings for her, yet he made me fuck her
            with him. Then after that, then what?
            I intended for Joe to get hurt, just like he hurt me.
            We had a fist fight that evening, and both of us were
            bloody. I left wanting Jeniffer to go with me,
            but somehow she didn't. Was she afraid of Joe? Does she
            love me at all? I could only guess...
            That evening, I ended at Melissa's house looking for some
            comfort -- she is a friend who I knew from freshman year.
            She dropped out of college because of her marriage to Frank
            (a navy dude). Frank was always shipped out, and she was
            often very lonely...
            She took care of my bruises that evening, and somehow we
            ended-up having a wild and unusual sex. I bounded her, and
            I fucked her rough. The combination of pain and pleasure
            climaxed us into orgasm...She had a husband, but we had no
            regrets. It was the first time I had intercourse with her,
            and it was one of the best sex I had. What now?

HornyBastards 5 -- Continuation ---->

              Mellisa was sad to see me go. I told her I would be
staying with my cousin in Florida for a few months. I needed to get
away. Our night of passion was something we'll always remember. I
suppose it was meant to happen. All these years we've been friends, we
tried to deny ourselves that we are 'physically attracted' to each other.
I guess we were only afraid to jeopardize our friendship. I've never
really imagined how it could be possible for friends to make-love, and
still be friends after? I've always wondered if it was possible to
satisfy sexual needs through friends who seek of the same. Sort of a
"get-it when need-it" thing, with no strings, since both parties seek
only physical release. I guess, we were one of the few....
         I could remember the times when we were a freshman in college.
I was 18, and she was 17 turning 18. I would visit her in the dorm
because I was bored. Her roommate would usually be out, and we would
spend hours talking in her dimly lit room. She would only be wearing a
Large shirt, her hard nipples etched underneath the shirt. She would sit
on her small bed while I sat on the floor facing her -- with my arms
resting on the sheets. We would watch TV and comment on how actors have
sex. Sometimes, when the movie gets hot and steamy, we would catch each
other looking. We laughed at the thought. Usually, to snap ourselves out,
we would joke about each other; saying things like:
              "Not with those lil' tits I won't" (ha ha)
              "Not with that lil' prick I won't either." (ha ha)
         One summer afternoon I came over to her dorm. The minute I
saw her, I was stunned. I remember her wearing this tight red tank-top
that hugged her figure very well. Her tits hung beautifully, and as
usual, she didn't wear any bra. I was speechless...
           "How do you like my tank top?" she asked pulling the shirt
down her waste, exposing the exquisite curves of her breasts. "I just
bought it today..."
           "I...uh...duh...I like it!" I said mumbling.
           "GAGO! (Mental)" she said in Filipino with her american
accent. "I know what you're thinking..."
           "You do?" I said innocently.
           "Uh-hum" she grinned.
           "What is it? " I dared. "What am I thinking?"
           "YOU CAN'T have what you're thinking. HA!" she laughed.
           "SIRA! (Crazy)" I told her in 'TAGALOG'.
           Melissa rarely spoke 'TAGALOG' (her mom's native language).
Her mom spoke to her in english most of the time, probably because her
father was caucasian. I encouraged her to speak. In a way, I get to
practice my 'TAGALOG'.
           I spent the whole day in her dorm. We talked about everything.
We talked about dates, guys, girls, people we hate, and people we love.
But everytime, we always end-up talking about sex. I suppose there is
something about it that intrigues both of us...Her roommate was out,
and I was thankful because she's such a BITCH. We sat on the floor,in
the living room talking, and that evening while we were on the topic of
guys, hormones, and sex drive, I was complaining a lot about the heat.
       "Geesus...It's hot. Isn't it hot? It's hot." I complained.
       "Gosh! Why don't you just take your shirt off..." She suggested.
       "You don't mind?" I asked.
       "No, It's OK..."
       As soon as I took off my shirt, she jumped up and screamed,
       "Oh my God! You have hairs around your nipples?!" she asked
curiously. "...and what's this? You have a few on your chest." she
asked surprised poking my nipples with her forefinger.
       "Don't..." I said. "Stop pulling the hairs...I'm saving them. OK?"
       She was grinning a stupid grin.
       "Can I touch them?" she asked acting coy.
       "HUH? Well...Go ahead."
       She rubbed around my nipples feeling the hairs. *FUCK* I thought
to myself. She noticed the hairs trailing down my shorts from my stomach.
She seemed so curious...She started to feel the hairs on my stomach...
       "Why do guys get hairy?" she asked still trailing her fingers.
       "We just are...HORMONES...and you're rubbing my trail." I said
with a smile. I felt my blood pressure rising, among other things.
       "What?...You're trail?" she asked confused.
       "Yeah...that's what's called a TREASURE TRAIL." I said smirking.
       "The TRAIL leads to my TREASURE..." She pushed me away laughing.
       We laughed and laughed about it.
       Later on, we still kept talking about SEX. We got into a heated
debate about masturbation. It was really stupid, but she was not about
to give-up...
       "Guys masturbate all the time! We women never do that." she
pointed-out. "When we want it, we get it."
       "What are you talking about? Women do it too." I explained. "Why
do you think they made vibrators in the first place?"
       "Women didn't invent vibrators, MEN did." she retorted.
       "Well...if women weren't so picky about the kind of pricks they
want, they'd get it more often, also if WOMEN didn't force MEN to stick
their dicks in other holes where it's not suppose to be, MEN would not
have to invent a vibrating DILDO in the first place!" I said laughing.
                 Ha Ha Ha...Ha Ha Ha...
        "You're GROSS...Ha ha ha..."she said laughing.
        A few minutes later, we settled down with a grin on our face.
        "Can I ask you something?" Melissa said feeling hesitant.
        "Do YOU...masturbate?"
        "What?" I said surprised. "You really want me to answer that?"
        "Yeah!...You don't have to, you know." she assured.
        "Well...uh...ofcourse. All guys do..." I said embrassed and
somewhat guilty.
        "Why?"
        "...uh...sometimes guys get horny...and we need some release, if
we don't, we get irritable." I said, somehow feeling my stomach churn.
                 *Where is this going?*
        "What makes you guys horny?" she asked innocently.
        "Lots of things..."
        "Like what?"
        "Sometimes, we get horny by what we see. Or sometimes by someone's
touch."
        "Oh?....hmmm" she said. I saw her eyes light up, reavealing a
devious idea. She moved closer to where I sat and slowly said....
        "Does this make you horny?" She asked stretching her tank top all
the way down her waist, tracing her breasts underneath the material.
        I nodded my head.
        "Does this make you horny?" she asked again softly, rubbing her
hand on my bare chest, circling her fingers around my nipples.
        I nodded my head. *Don't* I wanted her to stop, but I didn't.
        I felt a tingle in my groin, something is happening.
        She stared at my body and trailed her fingers down my belly
button. She ran her fingers up and down my body...
        We were silent for a few seconds...
        "I haven't seen a guy...masturbate before." she finally said
breaking the silence.
        I was feeling VERY VERY HORNY. She probably was too.
        "W...would you like me to show you?" I said uneasy.
        * SILENCE... *
        "Yes." she replied. Then I said, "Put your hand on my crotch."
        She placed her right hand on my crotch. Her touch made my dick
sensitive. Her hand throbbed with my dick as it started to harden from
inside my jeans. She had a look of curiousity on her face.
        "Should I go on?" I asked whispering under my breath.
        She nodded watching me intently.
        I carefully unzipped my fly and unbuttoned my jeans. I watched
her reaction to my every move. I was being careful, and still uneasy. Yet
I went on. I was very turned on at her interest.
        I reached inside my Calvins, and took my rod out.
        I noticed Melissa's eyes widen, she caught me glancing at her.
She didn't say anything, so I continued.
        We sat facing each other on the carpet floor. I gripped my rod
and began to jerk it...Melissa watched me. Faster...Slower...I stroked
my dick methodically rubbing the head on occasion. I enjoyed watching
her watch me. Her curiousity intrigued me. Suddenly, almost instictively,
Melissa caressed my balls. She liked the feel of the hair underneath.
        We did this for a couple of minutes, jerking and caressing...
         "I want to see you cum..." she said from under her breath.
         I stared at her.
         I felt the tingles trail from my legs, and my groin started
to shiver. I jacked faster, eager to reach orgasm...
         I started to gasp, and breathe heavily from inside my throat.
         "What are you feeling?" she asked.
         "I feel IT...uhhh" I murmurred. I jacked slower.
         "Where do you feel it?"
         "In my groin...hhh...in my legs...hhhh...inside." I gasped.
"I could feel it rising inside..."
         I saw Melissa bite her lower lip as she watched me climax.
         Faster I jerked-off, and soon I began to tense...*uhhh..hhh...*
I felt my cum rise inside my balls and up my dick. *hhhh..hhhh* The
pre-cum dripped out, and I shot my cum violently, shot after shot of
white hot semen, showering my navel and spilling some on the carpet.
I felt I was choking, gasping for air.
         Melissa watched in wonder as I breathed a sigh of relief. She
came closer reaching to touch the cum on my navel with her finger.
         "...You're cum is so white...it's like milk..." she said
fingering the white fluid.
         I quickly grabbed the kleenex and wiped myself clean. Still
breathing heavily, I tried to compose myself.
         "I...I think I should go now." I said hastily as I grabbed
my shirt and zipped up my pants. "You're roommate would be back soon."
"I'll see you tomorrow..." I regaining my senses.
         "I..I'm sorry Melissa" I said feeling embarassed and guilty.
          * SILENCE *
         "Don't be...we both wanted it to happen." she assured.

         Somehow, those words brought me out of the memories. I never
had sex with Melissa, until that evening I had the fight with Joe and
I ended up at her house. That episode with Melissa happened only once,
and it never happened again. We pretended it never happened. I didn't
expect another encounter to happen, and this time, we REALLY did it.
         I said goodbye to Melissa, and I promised her I'll let her know
when I get back from Florida. I knew she was sad, and I really wanted to
be with her. But I couldn't do it. I cannot let myself take the place of
her husband. I know how much she REALLY loves him.


PART 6? -----> expect it.... by SQUIRT
