HornyBastards4 -- by Squirt

NOTE: '*' are symbols to indicate phrases of thought. Read it slower,
      it's better...

Previously ---
              Things have really heated-up after my 3-way FUCK with
              Jeniffer and Joe. The following week was a disaster. I
              felt left out of the relationship because Joe acted like
              Jeniffer still belonged to him. He probably expected that
              after that FUCK with Jen, I would have eliminated every
              physical attraction I had for her. That was stupid. Every
              time I see them together I feel a knife splicing through
              my body that cut my guts to pieces.
              I was angry, and I believe I had the case of Fatal
              Attraction. I wanted to hurt Joe as bad as he was hurting
              me. I plotted to take Jen from him, no matter what it
              takes.
              One gloomy afternoon, I was caught unexpectedly by
              Jeniffer's presence inside the apartment. She lay naked on
              the couch. Her body, so beautiful. She seduced me to FUCK
              her in the dark. We fucked... and fucked... and fucked --
              Feeling the fullness of each other without Joe in our
              minds. I confessed to her that "I love her", and then
              before she could reply her feelings for me, Joe bursts
              into the room...


HORNYBASTARDS 4 --- continuation .....

              Joe flipped the lights on and stared at us in shock.
I could sense his anger swell as his eyes darted in our direction,
seeing our naked bodies slick and stained with cum. I stared back at him,
somehow shot with a tinge of guilt, yet I forced a sinister glare and
said nothing...
               "You cock suckin' FUCK!" Joe managed to mumble out loud.
               I calmly took my pants and put it on. I said nothing.
Jeniffer hid from behind me and started to sob as Joe exploded.
               "You mother FUCKIN' PRICK!" he shouted rushing towards
me, pushing me aside hard and half throwing me across the room. He
grabbed Jen on the wrists and dragged her away from me flinging her
naked body on the floor near the bedroom. Jen screamed and cried and
ran into the bedroom.
               I stood up from the floor and charged a rounded fist
on Joe's face. I struck him hard, and he started to bleed. Joe was
larger than I, he pushed me away and swung a punch on my face. I fell
hard, my back crashing on the table near the couch. *ugh!* "FUCK YOU
JOE! FUCK-YOU!" I said trying to keep my balance. I crawled near a
chair in the dining area... "Why did you let me fuck her, man..."
"Why?" I asked painfuly leaning on the chair...Both our faces were
bleeding...
              Joe glared at me intently, not knowing what to say.
              "Get out..." he said.
              I stood slowly from the chair and I stared back at Joe.
              I said nothing.
              Jeniffer stood by the bedroom door wearing a bathrobe
              sobbing.
              "Don't ever come back..." he breathed heavily.
              I walked past Joe and stopped short in front of Jeniffer.
I looked at Jeniffer deep in the eyes. Her beauty rustled with a bruise,
her hair messy. She looked back at me, tears flowing from her cheeks.
Joe went between us and dragged her to his side... I wanted to kill him.
But instead, I stared through him.
              I reached into my pocket and pulled out a silver coin
which Joe exchanged for me years back when we were in Las Vegas. Joe
has one also which came from me. I won two thousand dollars with that
silver coin, and I split it with him. Somehow, it became a symbol of
our friendship, and I've always carried it with me.
              "You made me do it..." I said looking at him straight in
the eyes. "You made me..." I tossed the silver coin on the floor and
I left the room without another word.
              I left the building quickly, not knowing what to do or
where to go. I could feel the soreness on my face, and the drying blood
on my lips. *Why didn't Jeniffer go with me?* *What was she afraid of?*
*Did she love me too?* *FUCK* *I feel so betrayed by both of them* I
felt my friendship with Joe was wasted. Somehow I felt so guilty, yet
what can I do? *Why did you let me touch her Joe?...* *Why didn't you
consider my feelings?* *I thought you were my friend.* *FUCK*
I walked down the street wandering and questioning myself so many times.
I got into my car and drove-off erratically. Somehow, I arrived at
my friend's house. She was an old friend from my freshman year. She
dropped out because she decided to get married to this Navy guy.
We still kept in touch all these years.
      I went up to her door and knocked...I heard the latch and the door
opened...
         "Oh god..." she mumbled.
         "Hi Melissa...Can I come in?" I said in a raspy tone...
         She pulled me inside, past her living room, into the kitchen.
Melissa took out some ice from the refrigerator. I watched her intently
as she crushed the ice and placed them in the ice pack. Melissa still
looks great after all these years. Her sweet Asian face molded with
her father's Caucasian eyes and nose. Her body still slim and slender
beneath her evening gown. Melissa still looked pretty.
        "What happened?" she asked walking towards me with the ice.
        "I had a fight with Joe." I said.
        She placed the pack on my jaw and with her other hand wiped the
the blood off my lips...
        "Where's Frank?" I asked wondering.
        "Oh, don't worry about him. He's in Indonesia on a 6 month
sea duty.  So what happened between you and Joe? You guys
are really good friends?"
        "I'm really not ready to talk about it Melissa, I'm sorry,
         I hope you understand."
         "Of course I do...It's OK." she replied.
         Melissa led me into the living room.
         "Why don't you rest here for awhile. I'll be here."
         I sat on the couch, and soon my eyes started to close and I
drifted on to sleep. I dreamed I was in Las Vegas with Joe. We watched
the stage dancers strip off their clothes and fondle their breasts. We
were drunk and we were having a good time. I had a flash of that time
we exchanged our money for the silver dollar. "For friendship and good
luck" we said. We shook on it. We had a handshake that only us knows.
Suddenly, I had an image of Jeniffer making love to me, and from out
of nowhere a fist flew towards my face! I woke up shaken. I felt
Melissa's hand combing through my hair pushing the strands away from
my eyes...
          "It's OK...I'm here." she said softly.
          I looked at Melissa in the eye's and I could notice how hazel
they were. I leaned closer to her, and she moved closer to me. She
pressed her lips against mine, and we kissed deeply and passionately.
Melissa tugged on my shirt, and with our lips in heat, she led me in the
bedroom.
        Melissa fell on her back onto the bed. I was on top of her and
I continued to kiss her. I probed my tongue into her mouth, while
she started to fondle my crotch. My body laid heavily on top of her
small frame. I gripped her shoulders commandingly, and I pressed my lips
hard against her mouth. My body started in motion, sliding up and
down her voluptuous body, rubbing my hardening cock between her legs.
Through my pants, I could feel her hands stroking...playing...stroking,
and methodically unbuttoning my jeans. I squeezed her shoulders harder
and I roughly pushed and slid her body up closer to the headboard.
There was a look of momentary shock in her eyes. The sudden roughness
turned her on even more. She invited me closer as she held my head
with both her hands and shoved my face between her legs. I squirmed
underneath her lingerie. I could smell her organ, and it was the scent
of freshly cut grass. I grasped her ankles and spread her legs apart.
With my tongue, I tasted her sweet lips, fondled her clit, and probed
every crevace between her legs. I felt her shiver and hold the headboard
tightly. Her legs almost kicking with pleasure. My hands roamed her
body. I caressed her breasts up and down from her nipples to her groin.
I reached under her lingerie, around her buttocks, up her back, until
I finally slid the silk off her shoulders. My head fell on her navel,
and as I looked up, I could see the firm breasts that marriage didn't
abuse. Her pretty face peered down, watching my every move. I grabbed
the pillow next to me and I took the pillowcase off. I climbed on top
of her, and I started to remove my shirt, I felt her hands work on my
jeans revealing my hard cock. It stuck out of my jocks dripping with
pre-cum. I looked at her... emotionless. My face hard and somewhat
angry. I took the pillowcase and twisted it into a rope, and then took
her hands. She was quite resistant, yet she did not complain. She sighed.
I bound her tight against the headboard and moved closer to her face,
kicked-off my pants, and knelt on her-- her face directly underneath
between my legs; her tits brushing against my thighs. My cock hung out
in front of her face. I guided my dick into her mouth forcing it open.
She took it, and I fucked her throat deep. *Uhhhh* *Mmmhhhhh* I leaned
my hands flat on the wall thrusting my cock in and out of her mouth.
I slammed my dick onto her face and she rolled her tongue from the bottom
of my balls and suckled the head. *Geesus* *Ugghh* She licked the tip
of my dick from inside her mouth, and she sucked it, swallowing it whole.
I fucked her face slow, careful, yet insistent.
     With her hands bound, I reached down her hips and stretched her
body forward, higher towards the headboard. I released my dripping
cock from her mouth and maneuvered it between her legs. I pushed it
roughly inside and she gave out a cry of ecstacy. Feeling the wetness
inside her cunt, her muscles contracting, I started to pump in and out.
*Oh Godd* She held my face and clutched the strands of my hair, almost
painfully pulling. She rammed my head into her breasts, and I
started to nibble on her hard nipples...licking and sucking, smoothing
my tongue around and over her mounds. I kept pumping inside her, wanting
that sensual tingle to arise from my groin. Her pussy teased, and
squeezed, and contracted to every penetration. I started to pump harder,
and even harder that she started to moan. I could feel the tingles
rumbling inside. It was torturing my balls to realease my load.
"Harder..." she whispered from a gasp. "Harder..." "Harder...."*Uggghhh*
I pressed more...I could feel her cunt almost tearing and quivering.
I slid my dick in, out, around and deep...I could feel my self starting
to cum. I wanted her to cum too. Harder and harder I pushed, I gripped
her back, my arms around her. She raised her legs and wrapped them
around my waist pushing me deeper. I could feel my cock slamming onto
her cervix. It was ecstacy...My cum tingled inside my groin. I held her
body, reaching from her waist, twisting it towards me. I wanted to cum.
"Hhhhhh...hhhhh....Uhhhhh......" "Ohhhhhh....." "Fuck me...hhhhhh"
"Fuck me..." I fucked, and fucked, and fucked, until finally I
stiffened, and my groin contracted, squeezing every cum from my balls
pushing my fluid out and spilling it inside her swelling cunt. My
cum simmered inside her, and she let out a moan. I could feel my own
cum oozing the walls of her cunt. Her body arching on my arms as I
raised her body towards me. I released her bound and she collapsed on
my shoulders. Wrapped around each other, we rocked on the bed, until we
slowly slid down on the sheets and cradled each other to sleep.
      I awoke, feeling Melissa's arms around me. She was circling her
fingers around my chest. She was watching me...emotionless.
        "I...I'm sorry..." I said confused, feeling guilty. I needed
to say something.
        "Don't be..." she replied. "We both needed each other..."
"It happened because we both wanted it to happen."
        We were both quiet. I stared at the dark ceiling, and she
stared at me...
        "I have to leave tomorrow..." I said suddenly. "I cannot
stay here."
        "Where will you go?" she asked concerned.
        "I've decided to go to Florida for awhile and stay with
my cousin."
        She was speechless...
        "Stay with me longer..." she whispered.
        I didn't answer. I held her head to my chest and pulled her
body close. I started to comb my fingers through her hair...
        "I have to go..." I whispered. "Frank will be back soon..."




