                        HORNY BASTARDS
                          by SQUIRT

NOTES: "Dear reader: This is my fist attempt at writing for alt.sex.stories.
       This reflects a part of my life which you might consider
       fictional, although it may be as REAL since the story is based
       on my real life experiences as a 21 year old college student.
       Some details are exerpts from my real life personal Journal.
       You be the judge."

KEY: '*' enclosure of these symbols around words are interpreted as
     a personal thought. Spoken by me inside my head.




                        HORNY BASTARDS
                          by SQUIRT

        It was one of those hot summer nights in the middle of June.
I remember laying on my bed feeling warm and sweaty from the evening
warmth. The open balcony door did not help much to alleviate the problem.
Less did the wizzing fan relieve me of the torturous stickiness that
covered my skin.
        I couldn't sleep. My mouth felt wet. My breath was heavy,...
and somehow (without intent) my dick was hard. The weather did not
bother me as much as I thought it would, because a fantasy danced in
my head which made the warm night an erotic night of lust. I visualized
this beautiful woman I saw on TV earlier that evening.
She has voluptuous tits that my hands would love to roam and touch
and squeeze. A nipple that I would love to taste with my tongue and
suck and lick and bite teasingly.
        I imagined myself sitting on my bed half naked, wearing only
my Calvin boxers. The sheets all messy and ruffled, my left foot flat
on the bed, my right leg spread showing a mild hard-on underneath my
shorts. I watched the beautiful lady slowly dancing naked in front of me.
The beat of an erotic rhythm played in the background, I believe
it was Enigma...She rubbed her breasts up and down playing with her
hard nipples. She reached for her wet cunt dripping with vaginal juices.
With her middle finger, she made little circles of pleasure by rubbing
her clit gently and methodically. I was as horny as hell. I fondled
my own nipples pinching it gently with my left fingers, my right hand
gently patting and rubbing my navel near my belly button. I liked
the feeling of my hair trailing all the way down my balls. I slid my
hand down and grasped by rod. It was rigid and warm. I could only imagine
how sweet her navel would be under my tongue. Ohh.. I could smell that
thick aroma of her organ. It was a smell that somehow resembled the
arousing scent of sweat underneath a pair of Levis jeans.
        She came closer to my bed and stood near the corner of the bed
by the wooden posts. She carressed the brown hard wood with her hands
and slowly kneeled on the floor. She licked the wood, her saliva glistening
on the surface. She motioned me to pull down my boxers revealing a
mildly thickened prick. I removed my Calvins and threw it to her. She
caught it and then she smelled it. She pulled the elastic band wide and
bit the hanging garment underneath the crotch carefully swallowing the
crotch area and slowly pulling it out wet and dripping with saliva.
I licked my palms and spat on them and then started to stroke myself.
My spit was wet and thick. It felt so soft and slippery on my throbbing
dick as I continually stroked it with strength. She started to suck
the wood at the corner of my bed, and amazingly was able to put the whole
thing in her mouth. *FUCK* I sighed to myself...The tip of my dick was
tingling as I circled my fisted hands around it. The beautiful vision went
around my bed and crawled on top of me. She knelt at the foot of the bed
and stared at me intently. She liked to watch me masturbate. And I liked
her watching me masturbate. *Watch me Babe* *Yeahhhh...that's it...*
She pulled on my left foot and dragged my leg flat on the bed and gently
spread my legs apart. She bent over and slid her hands on top of my
jerking fist. She continued to lower her face between my legs as she
carressed my navel -- slowly reaching for my ass and gripping it tight.
She lowered her face further until I finally let go of my dick, and
she started to lick the head of my rod and carefully inserted the
hardness into her mouth. My God....y spit so good. I closed my eyes
and sensed all the pleasure I could feel. hhhh....hhhhhh...I quietly
sighed. My saliva dripped uncontrollably down the corner of my mouth.
I did not mind. I opened my eyes and I let myself salivate at the sight
of her head bobbing up and down my prick.
   With the warm air I could smell the scent of "human SEX". The softness
of the skin, and slippery substances in her mouthspit something I longed
for. Her toothsnever scraped the head of my dick. Her tounge circled
the head. It felt wonderful and warm and soft and slippery and so
fuckin' REAL! I was nearing orgasm....uh..uuhhh..uh... SUDDENLY...
I woke up!! MOTHER FUCKIN' SON OF A BITCH!! It IS REAL!! My roomate's
girlfriend was giving me a blow right there! I was shocked at first, but
I couldn't stop myself anymore. I was burried in ecstacy and I've reached
a point of no return. The emotional mixture of shock, pleasure, lust,
and the inevitable explosion of orgasm was nearing its peak.
I gasped for air as I neared my orgasm,...uhh...uhh.. oh my God... *Fuck*
.... Jeniffer ...what are you...*Geesus*...uhh...are you doing? .... uhhh ...
*FUCK*.... My body started to tense as she placed more pressure on my
hard dick...up and down she went faster in pace....She made it more
pleasurable and intense as she stuck one of her fingers inside my asshole.
The tingling sensation of her fingers inside my hole as she fucked it
deep set my prostate convulsing in wild sensations. The combined
stimulation of my asshole and prick sent me to another universe.
I could feel my groin squeezing out all the CUM it can find from my balls.
My legs tensed and I gripped her head grabbing her hair pushing her
face deeper...*FFFFUCKKK*...my hips pushing forward...I'm Cumming...uhhh....
*Yeahhh*....mmmhhh....uhhh....She jerked the base of my dick with her
other hand as she continued to suck the head and finger fuck my asshole....
Oh my God Jen...Jen...uhhh!!..hhh...uhhh! I exploded on her face my hot
white cum. It dripped from her forehead to her cheeks and down her mouth.
She licked the sticky cum dripping off my dick and sucked the head for more.
She burried her face underneath my balls savoring every drop with her tongue
....*FUCK* I said to myself. *My roommate is just next door*...
*What am I going to do if he finds out!*... *He's my Best Friend!*...
*Shit*... I found it difficult to handle the situation, my friendship
is in jeopardy. Yet somehow, I found it a turn on..."I just fucked face
my BEST FRIEND'S girlfriend" It was one of the best blowjob I had in years.
Somehow, I feel even closer to him as a friend since we now share a
common FUCK...I pondered on the idea of FUCKING another man's girl...It
was definitely an aphrodesiac of challenge and risk. A friendship on the
brink of wild passion. A friendship built on a common FUCK...
I'm so confused...What am I going to do?....

next time---PART 2---->


