HornyBastard5 --- "Unforgettable"  by Squirt

NOTE: I have been writing this series for quite awhile now. Many events
      in the stories are TRUE, they are excerpts from my life, but if
      you read between the lines, you should find distiguishable
      facts and fantasies which make the stories interesting. ENJOY.
      Names have been fictionalized to protect their identity.
      '*' are thoughts said by me inside my head.
TIP:  Read it slow. And imagine yourself! :)
      Any suggestions on how to improve it?

Previously: -----
            My friendship with Joe came to an end when he found me with
            Jeniffer that night. I just came home, and I found Jeniffer
            naked on the couch. She seduced me to make love to her, and
            teased me with her sexual games. I could not forget her.
            Her soft breasts, and her delicate asian skin echoes in my
            mind over and over again. Her smile, oh God, her smile just
            melts my heart. I fucked Joe's girl because he was asking
            for it. He hurt me by shutting me out of the relationship.
            He knew I had feelings for her, yet he made me fuck her
            with him. Then after that, then what?
            I intended for Joe to get hurt, just like he hurt me.
            We had a fist fight that evening, and both of us were
            bloody. I left wanting Jeniffer to go with me,
            but somehow she didn't. Was she afraid of Joe? Does she
            love me at all? I could only guess...
            That evening, I ended at Melissa's house looking for some
            comfort -- she is a friend who I knew from freshman year.
            She dropped out of college because of her marriage to Frank
            (a navy dude). Frank was always shipped out, and she was
            often very lonely...
            She took care of my bruises that evening, and somehow we
            ended-up having a wild and unusual sex. I bounded her, and
            I fucked her rough. The combination of pain and pleasure
            climaxed us into orgasm...She had a husband, but we had no
            regrets. It was the first time I had intercourse with her,
            and it was one of the best sex I had. What now?

HornyBastards 5 -- Continuation ---->

              Mellisa was sad to see me go. I told her I would be
staying with my cousin in Florida for a few months. I needed to get
away. Our night of passion was something we'll always remember. I
suppose it was meant to happen. All these years we've been friends, we
tried to deny ourselves that we are 'physically attracted' to each other.
I guess we were only afraid to jeopardize our friendship. I've never
really imagined how it could be possible for friends to make-love, and
still be friends after? I've always wondered if it was possible to
satisfy sexual needs through friends who seek of the same. Sort of a
"get-it when need-it" thing, with no strings, since both parties seek
only physical release. I guess, we were one of the few....
         I could remember the times when we were a freshman in college.
I was 18, and she was 17 turning 18. I would visit her in the dorm
because I was bored. Her roommate would usually be out, and we would
spend hours talking in her dimly lit room. She would only be wearing a
Large shirt, her hard nipples etched underneath the shirt. She would sit
on her small bed while I sat on the floor facing her -- with my arms
resting on the sheets. We would watch TV and comment on how actors have
sex. Sometimes, when the movie gets hot and steamy, we would catch each
other looking. We laughed at the thought. Usually, to snap ourselves out,
we would joke about each other; saying things like:
              "Not with those lil' tits I won't" (ha ha)
              "Not with that lil' prick I won't either." (ha ha)
         One summer afternoon I came over to her dorm. The minute I
saw her, I was stunned. I remember her wearing this tight red tank-top
that hugged her figure very well. Her tits hung beautifully, and as
usual, she didn't wear any bra. I was speechless...
           "How do you like my tank top?" she asked pulling the shirt
down her waste, exposing the exquisite curves of her breasts. "I just
bought it today..."
           "I...uh...duh...I like it!" I said mumbling.
           "GAGO! (Mental)" she said in Filipino with her american
accent. "I know what you're thinking..."
           "You do?" I said innocently.
           "Uh-hum" she grinned.
           "What is it? " I dared. "What am I thinking?"
           "YOU CAN'T have what you're thinking. HA!" she laughed.
           "SIRA! (Crazy)" I told her in 'TAGALOG'.
           Melissa rarely spoke 'TAGALOG' (her mom's native language).
Her mom spoke to her in english most of the time, probably because her
father was caucasian. I encouraged her to speak. In a way, I get to
practice my 'TAGALOG'.
           I spent the whole day in her dorm. We talked about everything.
We talked about dates, guys, girls, people we hate, and people we love.
But everytime, we always end-up talking about sex. I suppose there is
something about it that intrigues both of us...Her roommate was out,
and I was thankful because she's such a BITCH. We sat on the floor,in
the living room talking, and that evening while we were on the topic of
guys, hormones, and sex drive, I was complaining a lot about the heat.
       "Geesus...It's hot. Isn't it hot? It's hot." I complained.
       "Gosh! Why don't you just take your shirt off..." She suggested.
       "You don't mind?" I asked.
       "No, It's OK..."
       As soon as I took off my shirt, she jumped up and screamed,
       "Oh my God! You have hairs around your nipples?!" she asked
curiously. "...and what's this? You have a few on your chest." she
asked surprised poking my nipples with her forefinger.
       "Don't..." I said. "Stop pulling the hairs...I'm saving them. OK?"
       She was grinning a stupid grin.
       "Can I touch them?" she asked acting coy.
       "HUH? Well...Go ahead."
       She rubbed around my nipples feeling the hairs. *FUCK* I thought
to myself. She noticed the hairs trailing down my shorts from my stomach.
She seemed so curious...She started to feel the hairs on my stomach...
       "Why do guys get hairy?" she asked still trailing her fingers.
       "We just are...HORMONES...and you're rubbing my trail." I said
with a smile. I felt my blood pressure rising, among other things.
       "What?...You're trail?" she asked confused.
       "Yeah...that's what's called a TREASURE TRAIL." I said smirking.
       "The TRAIL leads to my TREASURE..." She pushed me away laughing.
       We laughed and laughed about it.
       Later on, we still kept talking about SEX. We got into a heated
debate about masturbation. It was really stupid, but she was not about
to give-up...
       "Guys masturbate all the time! We women never do that." she
pointed-out. "When we want it, we get it."
       "What are you talking about? Women do it too." I explained. "Why
do you think they made vibrators in the first place?"
       "Women didn't invent vibrators, MEN did." she retorted.
       "Well...if women weren't so picky about the kind of pricks they
want, they'd get it more often, also if WOMEN didn't force MEN to stick
their dicks in other holes where it's not suppose to be, MEN would not
have to invent a vibrating DILDO in the first place!" I said laughing.
                 Ha Ha Ha...Ha Ha Ha...
        "You're GROSS...Ha ha ha..."she said laughing.
        A few minutes later, we settled down with a grin on our face.
        "Can I ask you something?" Melissa said feeling hesitant.
        "Do YOU...masturbate?"
        "What?" I said surprised. "You really want me to answer that?"
        "Yeah!...You don't have to, you know." she assured.
        "Well...uh...ofcourse. All guys do..." I said embrassed and
somewhat guilty.
        "Why?"
        "...uh...sometimes guys get horny...and we need some release, if
we don't, we get irritable." I said, somehow feeling my stomach churn.
                 *Where is this going?*
        "What makes you guys horny?" she asked innocently.
        "Lots of things..."
        "Like what?"
        "Sometimes, we get horny by what we see. Or sometimes by someone's
touch."
        "Oh?....hmmm" she said. I saw her eyes light up, reavealing a
devious idea. She moved closer to where I sat and slowly said....
        "Does this make you horny?" She asked stretching her tank top all
the way down her waist, tracing her breasts underneath the material.
        I nodded my head.
        "Does this make you horny?" she asked again softly, rubbing her
hand on my bare chest, circling her fingers around my nipples.
        I nodded my head. *Don't* I wanted her to stop, but I didn't.
        I felt a tingle in my groin, something is happening.
        She stared at my body and trailed her fingers down my belly
button. She ran her fingers up and down my body...
        We were silent for a few seconds...
        "I haven't seen a guy...masturbate before." she finally said
breaking the silence.
        I was feeling VERY VERY HORNY. She probably was too.
        "W...would you like me to show you?" I said uneasy.
        * SILENCE... *
        "Yes." she replied. Then I said, "Put your hand on my crotch."
        She placed her right hand on my crotch. Her touch made my dick
sensitive. Her hand throbbed with my dick as it started to harden from
inside my jeans. She had a look of curiousity on her face.
        "Should I go on?" I asked whispering under my breath.
        She nodded watching me intently.
        I carefully unzipped my fly and unbuttoned my jeans. I watched
her reaction to my every move. I was being careful, and still uneasy. Yet
I went on. I was very turned on at her interest.
        I reached inside my Calvins, and took my rod out.
        I noticed Melissa's eyes widen, she caught me glancing at her.
She didn't say anything, so I continued.
        We sat facing each other on the carpet floor. I gripped my rod
and began to jerk it...Melissa watched me. Faster...Slower...I stroked
my dick methodically rubbing the head on occasion. I enjoyed watching
her watch me. Her curiousity intrigued me. Suddenly, almost instictively,
Melissa caressed my balls. She liked the feel of the hair underneath.
        We did this for a couple of minutes, jerking and caressing...
         "I want to see you cum..." she said from under her breath.
         I stared at her.
         I felt the tingles trail from my legs, and my groin started
to shiver. I jacked faster, eager to reach orgasm...
         I started to gasp, and breathe heavily from inside my throat.
         "What are you feeling?" she asked.
         "I feel IT...uhhh" I murmurred. I jacked slower.
         "Where do you feel it?"
         "In my groin...hhh...in my legs...hhhh...inside." I gasped.
"I could feel it rising inside..."
         I saw Melissa bite her lower lip as she watched me climax.
         Faster I jerked-off, and soon I began to tense...*uhhh..hhh...*
I felt my cum rise inside my balls and up my dick. *hhhh..hhhh* The
pre-cum dripped out, and I shot my cum violently, shot after shot of
white hot semen, showering my navel and spilling some on the carpet.
I felt I was choking, gasping for air.
         Melissa watched in wonder as I breathed a sigh of relief. She
came closer reaching to touch the cum on my navel with her finger.
         "...You're cum is so white...it's like milk..." she said
fingering the white fluid.
         I quickly grabbed the kleenex and wiped myself clean. Still
breathing heavily, I tried to compose myself.
         "I...I think I should go now." I said hastily as I grabbed
my shirt and zipped up my pants. "You're roommate would be back soon."
"I'll see you tomorrow..." I regaining my senses.
         "I..I'm sorry Melissa" I said feeling embarassed and guilty.
          * SILENCE *
         "Don't be...we both wanted it to happen." she assured.

         Somehow, those words brought me out of the memories. I never
had sex with Melissa, until that evening I had the fight with Joe and
I ended up at her house. That episode with Melissa happened only once,
and it never happened again. We pretended it never happened. I didn't
expect another encounter to happen, and this time, we REALLY did it.
         I said goodbye to Melissa, and I promised her I'll let her know
when I get back from Florida. I knew she was sad, and I really wanted to
be with her. But I couldn't do it. I cannot let myself take the place of
her husband. I know how much she REALLY loves him.


PART 6? -----> expect it.... by SQUIRT
