                Horny Teenage Slut

  Katherine bent forward across the table, deliberately letting her
blouse fall forward to expose her generous cleavage to the two young men
sitting opposite. Leaning back, and swigging her beer, she said:

  "So guys, wanna watch a film?"

  "Sure!" they replied. She got up chose an adventure/romance from
the shelf "How about some classic swashbuckling, with the ever appealing
Stuart Granger?" she said, throwing the case to the lads on the sofa,
while putting the tape in the machine. So she could see the screen, she
sat back casually, on the sofa, between Mike and Richie, rather than in
the chair she had been sitting in.

  As the film progressed, she could feel them snuggling in on each side,
and smiled to herself. During a swordfighting scene, she commented "No 
one ever fought a duel over *me*."

  "I would!" said Mike, "and I, madam, would duel the greatest swordsman
in all of France were your honor at stake," replied Richie.

  "Here you are then," she said handing them a pair of cushions, "gentleman,
take your places."

  They moved the table, and soon the two heroes were ready to do battle.

  "I am afraid I don't have a handkerchief to start the duel!" said 
Katherine; "but," she added slyly, "I will have to make do."

  So saying, she hoisted up the sides of her dress, and removed her panties.

  "Are you ready, sir?"

  "I am."

  "And you?"

  "Ready."

  "I suppose neither of you wish to appologise?"

  "Never, death before dishonor."

  "Ready. Fight."
 
  The room rung to calls such as 'take that surrah' and 'you varlet' until
Mike lost his cushion, and fell to the floor, awaiting the coup de grace.

  "I am done for, Lady Katherine, do not forget me .... ahhh!" he cried
as Richie 'ran him through'.

  "My darling," she wept, running to cradle the now limp head of her
protector to her bosom. She did, however, notice that not *all* of him 
was limp!

  "And now," proclaimed Richie, "to the victor, the spoils!" So saying,
he grabbed Katherine by the arm, and embraced her.

  "Oh, bold sir knight," she chastised, but she kissed him back all the 
same.

  Stuart Granger, forgotten, played on, as the two lovers reclined onto
the sofa. Katherine, still kissing Richie, looked over at Mike, winked,
and beckoned him.

  "Oh, yes..." she moaned as hands began to maul her breasts, kneading
her sensitive flesh, and making her nipples stand out, now visible through
her bra and blouse. Her skirt was riding up, exposing her buttocks, but
in her lusty abandon she didn't notice or care.

  Richie soon had her blouse open, and her bra pushed up, and the young
girl lay there, looking (and feeling) like a total slut - her heavy make
up and hair a mess, her dress around her waist, and her breasts exposed 
beneath her bra. This only made her feel hotter, and she moaned "Fuck 
me, you bastards. Oh yeah, that's good." as  Richie started to suck on 
her breasts, while his hand moved down to her lubricating cunt, and began 
separating the slick lips.

  Meanwhile, Mike pulled her blouse over her head, and undid her bra
and then began stripping off himself. Richie was too impatient, and as
Katherine undid his shirt he unzipped his member. He fumbled in his pocket
and found a condom.

  "Here let me, lover boy." purred Katherine, taking the condom in one
hand and his cock in the other. She began stroking his engorged shaft,
and leaned forward, planting a kiss on the end. Mike thought of Beauty
and the Beast, for despite her make up and adult clothes, Katherine was
still a girl, and her youth was obvious to see. The object of her 
attention, the older boy's knarled prick looked like an evil gloating
monster, ready to despoil and abuse the young girl's body. She licked 
the throbbing helmet as she removed his pants, and started to suck firmly 
on his dick. When she had done this, she sucked hard, her cheeks pulled
in by the pressure, whilst taking the condom out of the wrapper. She 
continued to tease his throbbing shaft with her mouth and tounge as 
she rolled the condom down the shaft.

  "I don't know how anyone can not like being treated like that," commented
Richie as she finished manipulating his engorged cock.

  "Just wait for the main course," she said her voice husky with lust, as
she reclined on the sofa, spreading her slutty, soaking cunt with her hand,
still holding Richie's prick in the other. She inserted one finger, and 
began to move it around, and Richie leant over, brushing her cunt with 
his cock, with her finger still in place. She was so wet, that his cock 
slid easily into her willing hole, below her finger. With both a cock and 
her finger slowly massaging her cunt, she lay back further and began 
to moan.

  Mike knelt on the edge of the sofa, and guided his cock towards her 
face, and with one cock and a finger arousing her wanton hole, her thumb 
on her clit, and now a cock in her face, she was in slut heaven. Twisting 
her head, she simply opened her mouth and allowed Mike to insert his cock 
into her mouth. She sucked hard as her face distorted obscenely to 
accommodate his generous cock, and Mike, unsure, slowly pushed his way in,
expecting her to stop his penetration at any moment. But she looked up
into his eyes, bobbed her head, swallowed and her petite nose was touching
his belly, his huge member completely engulfed by her angelic mouth.

  "This is great!" sighed Mike as her he began to work his thick shaft
between her childlike lips. "Oh yeah! Suck it good, my little whore."

  She removed her finger from her cunt, to allow Richie to penetrate her
more easily, and removed Mike's cock momentarily.

  "Pump that pussy! I want to come all over your big, fat cock. I want
you to shaft me hard and deep!"

  "And that goes for you too, Mike, I want you to fuck my face good!"

  The two eager guys didn't need asking twice, and soon Richie's cock
was sawing in and out of the teenager's soaking cunt, pulling the delicate
inner lips and lining out around his huge shaft with each withdrawal. 
Although her cunt was tight, and her muscles gripped his shaft firmly, 
she was so wet that his cock easily kept up a fast rhythm, and as he
thrust into her, he pushed his hips, rocking her body and making her
breasts bounce. He began to grapple with them, pulling them out of shape
and leaving red marks on the sensitive flesh, twisting her nipples and
pinching them; but this only caused her to push back at his thrusts harder,
and moan deep in her throat.

  Mike's cock was now plunging into her throat, her hair held firmly in
his hands as he worked his way in and out of the girl's mouth. Her red
lips were sucked hard against his thrusting member, and her tounge was
teasing his helmet as he withdrew for each stroke. He could feel his orgasm
rise, and, as he came, he pulled out, spurting his come all over her no
longer innocent-looking face. Spurts landed on her chin and ran down her 
cheeks, and she stuck out her tounge, and catching the last gob of spunk, 
momentarily leaving a thin line of jism connecting her tounge to his cock.

  As Mike collapsed on the floor, Richie was just reaching his peak, 
grunting and shouting "Take this you bitch, this is the fucking you need. 
You love to fuck with anyone you cheap slut."

  Despite her cries of "Yeah, I need your cock, I need a good fucking
now!" and her squeals of pleasure he wasn't going to come without waiting 
for the horny temptress reaching her peak.

  "Oh yeah! Rip that cock of yours up my cunt! OH! Fuck meeeyyeah! Oh
god, don't stop! I'm coming - ram it up me, oh yeah, f...uck...meeeeeEEEE!"

  She writhed about on Richie's cock, he held her hips so she couldn't
slip off his organ in her throes of pleasure, but she kicked her legs 
and tossed her head from side to side, gripping the sofa until her
knuckles turned white and letting out a final scream.

  A few moments later, she sat up and gave them an impish grin, but the
young face seemed a paradox - it was still covered with Mike's sperm,
and her breasts showed the marks of their recent abuse.

 "You don't expect me to be satisfied with *one* orgasm, when I've got
two guys, do you?" she teased.

  She walked over to a chest of drawers, and took some stuff from the
bottom drawer.

 "It looks like I'll have to carry on without you two...for now," she
said. "I think you should watch carefully, you might learn a thing or
two."

 So saying, she sat back in the armchair facing the boys, and spread her
legs wide, showing her slightly open cunt to the two boys. Then she applied
a touch of lubricant to the vibrator she had brought, and turned it on.

  "What do you think of this, boys - let's see. Just a little teasing
around my thighs, mmmm, now, *gasp*, round my little clit, and down, mmm
to my cunt. Yes, watch the plastic cock pushing its way into my little
fuck hole... mmm I can feel it stretching my well fucked pussy. Yeah,
lets move it around in there. I bet this is better than a porno tape,
look at this slut, face full of cum, take out her vibrator, covered in
her cunt juice and suck it dry, like this. Mmm tastes good."

  Katherine noticed that the two guys' cocks were beginning to stir, as
they sat there.

  "I'm gonna be your porno queen. Let me put this vibro back up my cunt,
and I'll come and lick your sticky cocks clean - then we'll have some
*real* action."

  She knelt over Richie's half-erect penis and began to dart her tiny
tounge out and touch the sensitive end, speeding up his erection.

  "This time, you can fuck me longer, now you've come once, and I won't
let you go until you've fucked me so long and hard that I can't walk any
more."

  She shifted her attention to Mike's cock, now that Richie's was near
enough erect. As she knelt down, her rear towards Richie, she said "And 
you, can be my porno star - get your face between my buttocks." So saying 
she grasped her ass cheeks in both hands and opened them, displaying her
vibro-filled cunt and puckered ass to his gaze. 

  The vibrator in her cunt was making her horny as hell, so she sucked 
Mike's dong with hard long strokes, to get it ready for fucking as quickly,
as possible, and  all the while Richie's skillful tounge was making its 
way from the lower end of her cunt towards her quivering asshole. As his 
tounge found her ring, she began to thrust back against his teasing tounge.

  "Yeah, rim me you shit, you fucking asslicker, stick your tounge right
in - ohhh that's it."

  She grabbed another condom, which was on the arm of the chair, and
quickly put it on Mikes cock. She literally threw the vibrator across
the room in her impatience, knelt up, and impaled her tiny body on his 
massive cock in one breathtaking thrust.

  "Let's see if you are as good a fucker as your friend, he did okay,
but I'm sure you can fuck the ass off me for sure!"

  As she began pounding up and down on his member, and reached her
climax riding wildly on Mike's cock, Richie was not inactive. He 
picked up a condom and the vibro lube, put the sheath over his stiff
prick and began lubing it up.

  Katherine lay limp on Mike's chest, his cock sliding gently in and
out of her still spasming cunt, as Richie approached from behind.

  She felt his cock at her ass.

  "You mustn't," she said, and he pulled away.

  "Wait, I didn't mean that; you better not stop, unless I say `Really
Stop', or I'll want to know why!"

  Reassured, he pressed his cock against her tight asshole. 

  "Don't you dare fuck my ass! Who do you think I am!" she said, struggling.
Mike grabbed her wrists, and held her tight.

  She felt so horny, a huge cock slipping in and out of her cunt, and an 
even bigger one poised at the entrance of her most private place, and she
was helpless to intervene as they prepared to use and degrade her body
to satisfy their own lust. just the thought of it made her almost rage 
with intense lust.

  "Let me go you bastards," she said, her futile resistance having no
effect on their vice-like grips. "Stop, no, please, you're hurting me!"
the girl wailed.

  She felt he pitiful ass strained by the unstoppable might of the cock
as it increased the pressure on her ring. Suddenly, in a flash of pain,
his gross cock-end was within her hole, she cried out, and begged for 
mercy to no avail. She began sobbing in pain and in lust as the cock 
began to push in further, stretching her ass to its limit and beyond. 
She was sure she would be injured by the torturous stretching deforming 
her once dainty ass into a lewd and shameless ring, forced to take the 
shape of the violating member now buried deep between her buttocks. 
 
  "No, please, my little ass can't take your big cock!" she cried, but
she knew the tears and cries of submission would simply fuel the lust
that drove her lusty lovers to mistreate her so.

  "Don't fuck me! I'll do anything for you if you don't pound your big 
cock into my poor, virgin ass!" But pound it did. At first, a slow,
powerful stroke; slowly but surely pulling out, the inside of her ass
sticking to his big, veined cock and becoming visible as a pink ring 
where his prick disappeared impossibly into her tiny body, and then 
slamming back in, only to pull back slowly again.

  Katherine was reduced to incoherent sobs, as the cock in her ass speeded
up. At first it became easier, as her rectum grew accustomed to its forced
compliance to the fat cock sawing in and out; but then it began to ache from
the prolonged and unaccustomed assfucking she was receiving. But the two
cocks now thrusting in unison brought her to orgasm, not one orgasm, but
a series, each following on more quickly than the last, until she was
floating on air in one continuous climax. 

  By the time she realized the two men had come, and stopped their urgent
pounding of her twin holes, their cocks were already wilting. She lay there
on the carpet, too tired to even move, She was aware of how she looked to
the boys, her knees drawn up under her, her two holes slick and gaping
for all to see. But the flash brought her round, or at least her head 
round, ready to be caught on the second picture.

  She kept the one with her face visible; her upraised and open ass, her 
dripping pussy and her sweaty, dishreveled face. Her first, bittersweet
taste of assfucking.
