Archive-name: Bestial/horse.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Horse


Teri was bored. It was summer and the excitement of being out of high
school had worn off. She was alone in the family's small ranch. Her
parents had gone into town for the afternoon and the ranch hand, Jeff,
was off buying supplies. She had written in her diary, cleaned her
room and finished her chores and now how nothing she had to do.
Teri didn't feel like calling any of her girlfriends and hadn't wanted
to go shopping with her parents. She was too restless for such things.

In fact, she had to admit she was horny. Though only 17, Teri had
already experimented with sex. Her late boyfriend Roger had convinced
a not unwilling Teri that she was old enough to start learning about
such things. They had started with heavy necking in her bedroom one
night when her parents were out of the house. She had let him pull
down her top and touch and suck on her large breasts. Though at first
frightening, his caresses had soon made her relax. Teri had large sensitive
nipples and
when Roger had taken them into his mouth she hadn't been able to suppress
a moan. Thoughts of taking it one slow step at a time had dissolved and
she offered no protest when Roger had put his hand up her skirt and begin
caressing her pussy. Teri began to feel a warm glow spreading through
her lower body and found herself panting heavily. Roger had been quick
to see her weakened resolve. With his free hand he had unbuttoned his
jeans and freed his hard cock. He grabbed her small hand and placed on his
throbbing dick. She instinctively began to pump it. It was hot to the
touch and very smooth. Teri looked up at Roger's face. It was red and he
was breathing heavily. "That feels so good, baby", Roger muttered. She
responded to his words by stroking him harder. Her other hand reached
up to one of her breasts where she caressed it and pulled on the
nipple. She had had no idea her breasts were so sensitive.
Watching her play with her breast seemed to make Roger even hotter.
He began to move his body between her legs and begin to remove her
panties. Teri had managed to muster enough willpower to tell him to
stop. "No Roger! It's too soon for that." He had looked
dejected but seemed to feel better as she continued to stroke his
cock. "Well at least take care of my problem here", said Roger
pointing to his hard on. He got up on his knees and moved his body
in front of Teri's head. His hard cock was now just inches from
her face. Teri looked up at him questionally. "Just lick it a
little, baby", Roger pleaded. He then reached down with one hand
and put a finger inside her pussy. Teri felt a shock go through
her whole body. As Roger began pumping his finger slowly in and
out of her pussy, she lost all desire to be good. She stuck out her
tongue and licked his red dick. Moaning softly from the intense feelings
coming from her pussy, Teri began licking up and down the full length
of his cock and then bent her head to lick his balls. With Roger
muttering encouragement and instructions, Teri took Roger's hard dick
into her mouth. She would suck it down as far as she could and then
bring it back up and lick the head. Roger's finger was now causing
sensations she had never thought possible. Her hips were bucking against
his hand and she couldn't stop making moaning and grunting noises. Roger's
other hand was busy roughly kneading her breasts and pulling hard on
her nipples. Though she was sure this would have hurt any other time
it had felt great at the time. The feelings continued to build until she
thought she would surely explode. Just when she thought she couldn't take it
anymore, her whole body crested like a wave hitting the beach. She felt
her pussy contracting as she screamed around the hard cock pushing in
and out of her mouth. The feeling slowly abated until she was left
with just a warm glow. "All right, you got yours baby, now it's my turn",
grunted Roger. He grabbed her head with both hands and begin pistoning
his dick into her willing mouth. After that intense orgasm she was willing
to do what it took to please him. "I'm coming baby", Roger screamed. She
didn't really know what to expect so she was surprised as the first shot of
cum hit her in the
throat. Roger shot another large load of cum in her mouth before Teri
pulled his dick from her mouth. She continued stoking his dick and was
surprised when a third shot hit her directly in the face. Roger grabbed his
dick and stroked off another spurt onto her upturned face. He then leaned
back a little and shot three more spurts onto her tits. Roger finally
quit cumming and collapsed beside her. Teri still had a mouthful of sperm.
She wasn't sure what to do with it. She didn't want to hurt Roger's feelings
so she swallowed it. It wasn't bad at all. Warm and a little salty.
She bent down and licked the rest of the cum off of Roger's softening
cock. Roger sighed and smiled at her. "You like the taste of that?" She
nodded at him and continued to lick his cock clean. She liked the
taste but she mostly wanted to make him feel good. "Why don't you lick
off the mess on your tits them", Roger suggested. Teri's tits were large
enough to reach to her mouth. She lifter her right breast up to her mouth.
A large glob of thick sperm clung to her nipple. She stuck the nipple in
her mouth and sucked the cum noisily off of it.  She then ran her tongue
over the nipple, surprised at how good it felt to suck her own tit. Roger
watched her lick the cum off her other tit. There was still cum
clinging to nose and chin from when he had shot on her face. "That is
beautiful baby", Roger said. She looked up at him and smiled.

Teri was awoken from her daydreaming by a loud neighing. She thought
she had better go investigate but was now very horny from her memories.
She ran a hand under her braless blouse and caressed her breasts
and nipples. She briefly considered masturbating but decided it was too hot.
Instead she went outside to see what all the fuss was about. Teri ran
to the barn and opened the door. The family's new, young stallion was
kicking his stall and neighing loudly. Teri knew what the problem was.
The family mare was in heat and the young stallion was smelling her
scent. When this happened yesterday, the ranch hand Jeff had calmed
the horse down by talking to it and brushing its coat. Teri grabbed
a brush and carefully went into the animals stall. Though not full
grown, the stallion was big enough to hurt her if he rammed into her.
Teri began speaking soothingly to the animal while she started to
stroke its coat with the brush. The horse calmed somewhat but was
jumpy. Teri continued to stroke its coat working down the side of
its body. As she approached its hindquarters Teri gasped in surprise.
The stallion had a huge erection hanging from its belly. "The thing
must be 15 inches long", muttered Teri to herself. She continued
brushing the animal's coat working up a sweat on the hot day.
She couldn't get the sight of that huge dick out of her mind. That
was all she needed was to see a huge dick when she was already so
horny. As the sweat poured down her chest she decided to cool off
a little. She removed her shirt and poured some water over her
head and upper body from the horse's water trough. The cold water
felt good and her nipples stood up like pencil erasers. However, the
stallion became agitated again because she had stopped her brushing.
He bucked up and whinnyed loudly. Teri rushed back to calm him down.
She couldn't help but look under his belly again. If anything the
thing was bigger. "You poor thing", Teri muttered, "you're as horny
as I am." She begin brushing the animal's lower belly, crouching down
to reach. The horse's huge organ bobbed only inches from her hand.
The horse, still jumpy, danced a step to toward Teri knocking her off
balance. She grabbed out to keep from falling and caught herself by
holding onto the large hard cock of the stallion. Teri was embarrassed
but didn't let go after she had caught her balance. She couldn't help
but noticed that her hand fit hardly more then halfway around the big
horse cock. She also noticed the stallion had quit fidgeting and was
acting calmer. Maybe this was good for the horse. She slowly began to
caress the big cock with her hand. Dropping to her knees, Teri wrapped
a second hand around the monster and begun tugging in earnest. The young
horse dipped its head twice as if saying yes and blew air out its nose.
"You like that don't you boy", whispered Teri as she continued to stroke
the beast. Teri briefly considered stopping now before she got carried
away but her horniness won over her caution. "Aw hell, why not", said
Teri, "the horse seems to be enjoying it." Teri quit stroking the the
huge dick for a moment to take off the rest of her clothes. Now
fully naked she moved under and in front of the horse so she was looking
right at the huge head. With one hand stroking she dropped the other hand
to her pussy and found it was soaked. Oh great, thought Teri, I'm so
hard up I'm getting turned on by a horse. She rubbed her hand over her
pussy using her fingers to find her clit. She felt a flush rise to her
cheeks and a familiar warm sensation in her pussy as she rubbed the
outside of her pussy and continued her hand job on the horse. The big
dick was now fully hard as Teri sunk her middle finger up her pussy.
"Oh god", she breathed as the pleasure began to mount. Lost in her lust
Teri tried to stuff the huge cock into her mouth. She could just barely
fit the huge head in. She begin licking and sucking on the big animal
as she inserted a second finger up her pussy. She was getting very
turned on now and concentrated on relaxing her jaw so she could fit more
horse dick in her mouth. She was managing to fit about 4 inches of it
into mouth now and she sucked as hard and as fast as she could.
Her hand was a blur on the bulging shaft. She felt herself starting to
crest and and stopped stroking so she could slip her other hand
behind her and play with her asshole. She eased a finger in
until she had it most of the way up her ass. This put her over
the edge and she moaned around a mouth full of horse dick as she rode
out her orgasm. Finally, the orgasm begin to subside and she pulled her
hands away from her pussy and ass to caress her breasts. She then grabbed
the stallion's cock at the base with both hands and begin long slow
strokes as she tried to stuff as much of its dick into her mouth as she
could. After about 30 seconds of this Teri felt undulations beginning
in the big dick. She pulled
her mouth away just as the first spurt of cum shot from the horse's dick.
She was too late to prevent a big gush of horse cum from shooting into
her mouth. The force of the second blast would have knocked her backwards
if she hadn't been griping the horse's dick with both hands. It hit her
square in the face and soaked her. Rivulets of horse cum ran down her
face onto her tits and stomach. She turned her head as the next spurt
came. It hit her in the side of the head and soaked her long hair.
She lowered the big dick so the next
spurts could shoot over her bobbing tits. Her tits were soon totally
covered in horse cum. She dropped to her ass holding her legs in the
air and let the last spurts of cum soak her pussy and ass. The giant
thing finally quit spurting and Teri reluctantly let go of it. She
looked down at herself and laughed. She was totally covered from head
to pussy in horse cum. "Oh shit, how am I going to clean this up?",
said Teri. A second later a towel landed on her lap. She looked up
shocked to see the ranch hand Jeff standing there. "I never seen anyone
calm a horse like that before", he said with smile. She started frantically
cleaning herself off thinking she was really in for it now. "You're not
going to tell Mom and Dad are you?", stammered Teri. "Maybe not", said
Jeff. Teri looked up and saw Jeff had come forward to stand before her
knelling figure. He had also pulled out his dick and was stroking it
inches from her face. Teri didn't know what to do. If her parents
found out about this they would kill her and probably get rid of the
horse. On the other hand she didn't know Jeff well enough to do what
he obviously expected of her. Teri considered the problem for a
moment and decided she didn't really have a choice. She swallowed
the last of the horse cum in her mouth and slowly reached up for
Jeff's cock. "That's right Teri, stroke it and suck it.", growled
Jeff. Teri blushed, embarrassed but beginning to get excited as she
sunk her mouth over Jeff's hard cock. "I hope you like
it up the ass", said Jeff roughly as he begin thrusting his cock into
the young girl's face. "Whatever you say", said Teri meekly as she smiled
inside. This was turning out to be quite a day, she thought, quite a day.

--
