Archive-name: Bondage/horsarnd.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Horsing Around


	I have a friend who has a horse barn with a storage room he
has converted into an office. Basically, it still has all the hooks
and saddle holders but he has stuffed a desk in there... 

I follow you into the office to return our saddles- I love to walk
behind you, watching your scrumptious ass sway back and forth. You
have on a blue and white checked short sleeved,cotton shirt with
tight blue jeans, and cowboy boots. I fantasize about you wearing 
cowboy boots and a red silk teddy instead..
You enter the office first, turn and pull me in with a force that
suprises me. You kiss me hard on the lips grinding yourself into my crotch.
I want to fuck you  as bad as you do me but your ahead of me in the warm
up stage. "slow down" I mumur as I push back your hair from your
right ear and began licking and nibbling your right ear. You sigh
and begin squeezing my  buns- hard! I work my way down your neck with
small kisses until I came back to your mouth. I kiss you with little
pecks, nibbling on you lips with each kiss. You repay me by kissing
your way down my neck and working on a hickie on my shoulder. (Ever
since I got my first one, hickies still turn me on..)
Pulling back from you, I start to unbutton your blouse. "Rip it off"
you beg in a deep husky voice. I grab your shirt and pull with
great force, satisfied as the shirt rips open quiet easily. You
moan as you drop the shirt from your body. Your nipples (you - of
course, are braless) were already hard.. I begin to kiss the left nipple 
suckinglike a hungry baby. I picked you up and you circl my waist
with your legs. I put you on the edge of the desk and begin sucking noisily
on your right nipple. You push me away and lay back on the desk.
"Pull off my pants" you whimper. Only too happy to oblige, I
remove your pants and your soaking wet silk g-string,(which I stuff
in my jean pocket to sniff later and remember our time together) 
kissing down your left leg as I slide the panties off. You sit up on the 
edge of the desk and I look up at you inquisitively.
You smile and hand me a piece of leather about an inch wide, and
a couple of feet long. "I've been bad- tie my hands together." You
then put your wrists together and hold them in front of you. 
I do as you ask, kissing your wrists as I tie your hands together.
"Now what?" I ask. "Undress!" you order. I do a little strip tease for you and
as I pull off my bikini briefs my cock leaps out. You lick and
smack your lips. But instead of going down on me, you go  over to
stand below a big hook in the wall. Putting your hands above your head
you stare longingly at me. Guessing what you wanted I grab you
by the waist and lift you from the ground so you can hook your
hands over the hook. This is hard to do  because when I
grab your waist you begin kissing me passionately on the lips and
rubbing your leg against my cock. After your hands are hooked I
start to kiss your neck again. You moan and say "Get those thin
pieces of leather off the desk and tie my feet. I turn back to the
desk and when I turn around you have your legs spread eagled. By each
ankle was a long nail. I never noticed them before but you must have!
I quickly tie your feet to the nails.You tellme your dirty and hot
from the ride and I should clean you. I start with
your left foot and began kissing and licking your foot, slowly sucking
each toe. You seem to enjoy my `footwork' because you begin banging
your body against the wall, which makes it hard to suck on your toes.
Working on your left leg I begin to lick my way up your leg, nibbling
and  sucking, stopping for a short while to tongue the inside of your
knee. You are moaning off and on at this and I notice you always keep
your eyes clenched closed. I work my way up to your neatly trimmed
pussy and smell that pungent odor I love so much. I blow slowly
across you pussy lips and then bend down and start on your right
foot.

"Bastard" you moan but when I looked up your eyes are closed and
your mind was caught up in what I was doing. I suck each toe on your
right foot but instead of slowly licking my way up your leg I nibble
my way up listening to you make little squeaking sounds...

By the time I  nibble my way up to your inner thigh your juices
are flowing down you leg- greedily lapping them up and sighing ( I can
never get enough pussy juice) I begin to slowly lick your pussy lips.

Arching your body trying to push your cunt farther into my face, I
oblige you by nibbling and sucking your clit for a short time thensliding my 
tongue down and fucking you with my tongue.

You come into my face with a load moan and as I am lapping up your
juices you huskily say "I was bad to swear at you before.

Punish me by spanking me!" Sitting back from your pussy I begin
to spank the side of your buttocks. You moan with satisfaction so I
lean over to your pussy and blow across it. "Harder " you scream
so I spank you until you are beet red. I stop and spread
your lips to ram my now aching cock into you when you stop me by
saying" No, I've been bad. Pinch my nipples" This is new to me and
I'm not really thrilled about the idea but thats what the lady wants
so...

I lick and suck your nipples until they are hard, then I take my
forefinger and instead of pinching them I thwack them with my
finger. You scream and your nipples got harder. I begin thwacking
both breasts and pawing them roughly much to your joy. When you get
to the point of throwing you body hard against the wall and bouncing
from side to side I figure it is time.

Forcing you pussy lips apart  I slowly force my dick into your
wet,steamy hole, slowly sliding the whole way in (which
having you hanging on the wall makes me stand on tiptoe!). I slowly
bring my dick out and slid it in again- very slowly. "Faster,
faster" you beg. But I take my time. After all the foreplay it
doesn't take me long to reach climax. Sensing this, I pull out of
you and pulse hot thick cum all over your hole. After I have cum I
slam myself into you and pump away at a quickening pace. You
cum again and I slow down, tired from all the `work'. I slide down
to the floor where I untie your legs. standing up I put my arms
around your waist and kiss you long and deep. While our tongues are
intertwined you wrap your legs around me and with a lifting motion
I unhook your hands from the hook and you drop them still bound around
my neck. Keeping the kiss I carry you over to the desk where you
raise your arms over your head and layed backon the desk opening your
legs for my once again erect member.
This time I pumped into you with quick thrusts, holding on to your
legs. I cum before you do and slip to the floor exhausted.

You climb off the desk and hold your arms in front of you. Silently 
I undo your bonds. You smile and put your face to my crotch, licking
off the juices that had mixed there...

--
