Archive-name: Bestial/horsyset.txt
Archive-author:
Archive-title: Horsey Set, The


Sandy had always been interested in horses.  She had started
taking riding lessons at the age of 14 after seeing a friend of
hers in a show.  Riding a horse had given her many mixed feelings
not excluding the feeling of dominance of a huge and beautiful
creature.  The occasionally pleasant physical sensations of
riding were not lost on her either.

After high school riding took a back seat to other activities,
including college, social affairs and men, not necessarily in
that order.  She was attractive and well-placed enough to have
her pick of men and their attributes.  She chose the most impor-
tant, age and money.

Marrying an older man had its advantages, including physical
love-making.  Although she enjoyed dominating horses, she did not
enjoy dominating OR being dominated by men or other women.
Younger men were always more interested in pleasing themselves
than in her feelings.  She enjoyed sensitive and sharing men.
She found that trait much more common in older men, particularly
in bed.  But money decided it.  Well into her thirties now, she
was enjoying the "fruits" of her labor, an easy carefree life of
leisure.

This life now allowed her to return to her first love - horses.
For a long time now she had been an avid "horse person."  She
attending all the shows and parties associated with them.  Her
deceivingly youthful beauty was lost on most of the yuppies in
that circle.  Her medium height and average "build" never at-
tracted attention.  Her short, soft brown hair seemed out of
place among the bleached and exotically-permed coiffures.  Her
exquisitely beautiful face was totally lost among in the circle
of people interested in money (women) and boobs and pussies (men)
and dicks (some of both).

She never was a real fan of other horsey people...until Jim came
along.  Jim was more than a horse person, he was an animal per-
son.  One of the social gatherings was picketed by an animal
rights group because of their supposed harsh treatment of the
horse.  Sandy had never seen anything like what they claimed.
Being concerned, she made a point of talking to them.  Her at-
traction to Jim was immediate.  Meeting him accomplished two
things - she could question him and she could get to know him.
The stories he told curdled her blood, she couldn't believe them.
After striking up a nice friendship with Jim, Sandy brought
herself to challenge him.  "Prove it," Jim said he would and
promised to call her later.

Days passed without a word.  Actually, Sandy had lost interest in
the "cause", but not in Jim.  She had never met anyone like Jim,
tall, relatively angular and, oh, so gentle AND passionate.  Her
imagination was filled with fleeting visions of them together.
Her bedroom activities with her husband took an interesting turn,
so much so that her husband expressed puzzlement.  But he didn't
look the gift horse in the mouth or anywhere else, either.

Then one day Jim called.  He offered to take her to a horse farm
and show her what they did.  Sandy fell all over herself in
accepting the offer, but stopped short of admitting she had lost
interest in his cause.

Being a surreptitious outing they made a date to meet after dusk.
After stopping for tea Jim drove to a horse farm not far from
Sandy's.  They parked down the road and hiked across several
fields to a large barn that obviously housed the ranch's studs.

Striving for utmost quiet, with much difficulty they made their
way to the hay loft which had a convenient open view of a large
saw-dusted area.

Frighteningly soon after they had hidden themselves from sight
several people entered the barn.  Actually, Sandy was disappoint-
ed.  After two hours close to Jim her interest and, yes, desire
for Jim had heightened.  Jim had shown significant interest, too,
after Sandy had grabbed his hand once during their foray.  The
gentle squeezing she had felt several times was more than a
protective reaction.  But here they were - stretched prone to-
gether practically buried in warm, fragrant hay, his arm around
her, clearly not for protection, but from affection, forced to be
still and quiet.  He whispered his chagrin at the interruption by
the interlopers after she mumbled a "damn".

Looking down they saw three people.  Sandy recognized the ranch
owner, a fat, sleazy blob, presumably connected to a porn ring,
his excessively young wife with a pleasing, but wasted, blonde
beauty about her and a creepy looking man with a camera.  Their
mumblings were, thankfully, unintelligible.

Then a expletive bubbled from the blob as a third man entered
with a mare.  Almost immediately the stirrings of other horses
were heard.  Sandy whispered that the mare was in heat.  Jim said
that he had not expected this, he was told that they tortured
animals at this place.  Sandy said that the Blob was a respected
breeder.  But the presence of the camera lend an air of suspicion
to the scene.

The mare was tied to a post in full view of the snuggled pair.
The man then left, and returned with a beautiful black stallion,
rapidly becoming to hard to hold.  The Blob, in indignation
yelled for him to "turn the mother-fucker loose!"  With a total
change in temperament the raging, beauty stallion sniveled up to
the mare, nuzzling her nose and neck.  With impressive aplomb he
initiated an thrilling demonstration of sexual foreplay that
would have warranted a chapter in Masters and Johnson.  During
the pleasant display Jim's arm tightened around Sandy in sympa-
thy.  His other had reached for her's.  He squeezed it reassur-
ingly.

The stallion needed such no reassurance from the mare.  His
splendid penis began sliding from its sheath to form an amazingly
beautiful staff.  It was jet black, glistening under the bright
artificial lights.  The head was smooth and rounded.  It kept
growing and growing.  When it was about a foot long the stallion
resumed his attentions to the mare's neck.  He began nibbling and
biting, but the mare obviously enjoyed the attention.  As his
penis grew to about 18" he tried to mount the mare.  The big
horse had difficulty with that maneuver, but the mare appeared to
try to help.  When the stallion finally climbed atop the mare his
penis had grown to an awe-inspiring two feet.  It was easily
three inches across.  Jim's had grown, too, although not to the
same proportions.

As Jim squirmed uncomfortable Sandy dropped his hand and rolled
over sideways towards him, whispering, "Magnificent!"  All Jim
could do was acknowledge the statement of fact and grin at her.
She leaned over, kissed him hard (her inhibitions were lost in
the hay somewhere by now) and breathed heavily, "Wait until he is
through, Jim!"  They both turned their attentions back to the
stallion (well, actually, Sandy's hand did slip down to Jim's
crotch and Jim's responded by finding Sandy's), who, by now, was
intent on finding the mare's vagina.  He was working up a great
lather humping and pumping with his splendidly muscular haunches
supporting that majestic and imposing rod.

And then, like magic, when he seemed to be at the end of his
endurance, his grand stem found home.  The superb stallion,
finding renewed energy, gave a cry of pleasure and redoubled his
efforts.  As the fantastic, sparkling penis slipped deep into the
mare many things happened together.  The mare arched her back and
whinnied her encouragement; Jim groaned, "My God!" and Sandy
moaned in anticipation, "Oh, do it to me, please, do it to me!"

Over and over the stallion drove his glorious penis deeper into
the mare and with each stroke both the stallion and the mare
screamed in unison.  As his strokes approached ten inches in
length and the penetration by his spectacular organ was very
nearly complete, Sandy reached down and removed Jim's erect penis
from the constraint of clothes and, as Jim rolled over on his
side, never taking his eyes off of the main show, she began her
own stroking.  Neither would Sandy miss a single stroke of the
stallion, but she assisted Jim in loosening her slacks so he
could gently stroke her clitoris and vagina.

Finally with one magnificent plunge the stallion came with a
heart-wrenching shriek.  The mare's cry in response echoed in the
barn.  That climax halted both Sandy and Jim.  As the stallion
struggled to complete the unloading of his wad into the mare,
Sandy turned toward Jim with pleading eyes, "Do it with me,
please!"  Jim whispered that they must wait until their "hosts"
departed or they would be exposed.  Sandy said she didn't care,
but Jim held sway.

They both hoped that the Blob would be off to repeat the show
with his lovely young wife, but in more classy surroundings.  But
their show was not over.

While the unsuspecting audience was feasting their eyes and
senses on the center ring, the Blob and his assistant were non-
chalantly preparing the second act.  They had lead (if that is
the appropriate word) a magnificent chestnut stallion from his
stall to the edge of the room to watch the show.  Needless to
say, he was fit to be tied.  The lack of a partner did not dis-
suade him from sporting his own magnificent tool.  It was a
lighter brownish color, but equally stunning in the reflection of
the bright lights.  It was easily two feet if it was an inch.
Its diameter had to be more than three inches.

By now the first stallion was totally spent and had backed off of
the pleased mare.  Uncharacteristically, they both drifted away
from each other.  The stallion was guided back to his stall and
the mare was lead out of the building.

Both Jim and Sandy had intended to resume their attentions to
each other, but Sandy noticed a curious happening - Blob's wife
was removing her clothes!  She almost cried out loud, "They're
going to do it right here!"  But she caught herself.

By the time the blonde was stark naked, the second stallion had
been lead, with difficulty, out to the center of the room.  He
had a curious saddle attached to him, more like a hammock sus-
pended beneath him.  It clearly took all of the efforts of the
Blob, his assistant and the photographer to contain or at least
minimize the antics of the excited horse.

Although it was clear that the young girl had done this before it
was with justifiable trepidation the girl actually climbed into
the harness beneath the snorting and nervously shuffling stal-
lion.  The contrast between the dark stallion and the creamy
white skin of the blonde was starkly evident.

Sandy clung to Jim and choked out the words, "She can't do it,
he'll tear her apart."

And after a suitable pause, "Would I were there."

The stallion had no idea what was going on.  All he knew is that
he wanted to find a mare.  He snorting and whinnying and anxious
prancing was reaching a dangerous level.  He almost broke the
leads held by the three men when the blonde finally seated her-
self.  Grasping the horse like she would her lover she slowly,
but surely, scooted towards the stallion's awaiting magnificently
beautiful, shiny brown, imposing penis, now fully erect and
poised.

A transformation seemed to overtake the stallion when the blonde
made the first contact.  In utter amazement he stopped in his
tracks.  Although there was a lack of a mare the unmistakable
feeling of something soft and pliable, warm and welcoming beneath
him blew his mind.  But mind or no, Nature took charge.

The determined humping of his magnificent haunches began.  In the
air his strokes began as just a few inches long, but as the
blonde gathered courage and confidence in estimating the motions
of the horse his stabs grew longer, the activities started to
bear fruit.

The blonde obviously could not stand the inertia of his magnifi-
cently strong thrusts, so the sling was designed to allowed her
to ride with them, she could float with the strokes by relaxing
or hold herself still against them by grabbing the horse's under-
side.

At first the plunges met resistance.  After an amazingly short
time; however, the resistance lessened, presumably the blonde's
juices were flowing freely.  Both Jim and Sandy echoed the
blond's muffled cry when the stallion's immense penis finally
thrust home.  It was the final lunge at the end of a superb foot-
inch stroke that did the trick.  Sandy froze at the sight as Jim
lay transfixed.  The blonde caught her breath by just hanging
loosely in the hammock so she could ride with the stallion's wild
thrusts.

His frustration at only being able to penetrate a few inches sent
the stallion into a frenzy.  The only suitable action that would
matter was instantly taken by the blond.  By grabbing the horses
neck in her arms she could hold herself relatively still beneath
the agonizingly splendid thrusts and by skillfully riding with
them most of the way she allowed the magnificent beast to sink
deeper into her moist white flesh.  As the stallion poured his
whole being into each monstrous stab, the blonde slowly and
juicily and with obvious relish, absorbed more and more of the
incredible staff.

It was an amazing and extraordinary spectacle - a lovely, flaw-
lessly white blonde, suspended beneath a magnificent chestnut
stallion with a foot of shiny black pulsing penis still trying
with growing effectiveness to find a safe haven.

It was not to be.  The blonde could stand no more.  During one
hump she caught hold of the horses underside for dear life.  By
being anchored firmly now, the flailing thrusts of the stallion
were returned with delicious, lubricated sliding of his gorgeous
black penis in the creamy pink vagina.  Although the blond's
delicate pink clitoris was waiving in the breeze of the
stallion's motions, she did not seem concerned or disappointed.

Throughout all of this Jim and Sandy were silent and motionless.
Inherently, they knew nothing they could do could match this
wonderful display.

The sensuous groans of the blonde and high pitched screams of the
stallion blended into a crescendo when the horse climaxed in
ecstasy.  The final drive by the stallion was not anticipated by
the blond, but her actions did nothing to discourage it.  An "Oh,
God, it's done!" was all that could be discerned.  Her arms,
totally intent on holding her lover close, were released and
spread wide in the air following her orgasm.  As the stallion
grunted to extract the last drop of semen, the blonde fell limp
in the harness.

The three men rushed to extract the lovely young lady from her
"bed".  When she was free they just let her collapse in a heap
next to them.  The Blob and his photographer-buddy wandered
indifferently (!) off towards the exit.

The assistant grabbed the stallion's lead to escort him back to
his stall and a well deserved rest, but the horse would have none
of that.  He jerked the lead away from the unweary man and turned
toward the inert girl.  Resplendent in his dark brown coat, shiny
from sweat, with his still magnificent, but spent, penis nearly
dragging the ground he nuzzled the girl until she regained her
senses.

To the utter amazement of all present, he planting what was
unmistakably a kiss on her beautiful upturned face.  His soft
muzzle then passed slowly down her beautiful body, his touch, a
gentle, warm, moist breath.  He expelled an unmistakable sigh
when he reached her moist, to overflowing vagina.  Fighting the
urgent tug of the assistant, he planted a long warm nuzzle be-
tween the young girls legs, raised his huge head, shaking off the
befuddled man and pranced off as happy as any teenager you have
seen.

With desecrating blasphemes the men quickly grabbed the girl and
cruelly dragged her naked out of the barn.  All was quiet in the
building then, save for the gentle rustling of hay in the loft
mixed with the impassioned breathing of Jim and Sandy following
the lead of the previous couple.

Although Jim was no match for the stallion, Sandy did not seem
disappointed.  Her slacks were off in a jiffy as Jim fumbled with
his.  No light was needed for Sandy to find an awaiting penis of
acceptable proportions ready and willing.  With the foreplay
firmly and delightfully provided by the previous two-some no
preliminaries were needed.  Sandy's beckoning vagina was deli-
ciously wet.

She quickly grasped the poised, pulsing penis and guided its
delightfully warm and soft, but firm, head into her.  Jim rose to
the task.  With gentle, but resolute, strokes he made his way
into the warm, dark, moist cavern of joy.  When Sandy had deter-
mined that he could fend for himself, she returned her hands to
the task of holding Jim close.  Her lovely long legs wound their
way around Jim and helped set the pace of Jim's stroking.  With a
few well-controlled thrusts Jim entered fully the sacred Grotto
of Love.  While he tenderly, but dogged, stroked in deeper, out
reluctantly, Sandy tighten and relaxed her grip on his pelvis
with her legs.

When the pace became determined Sandy opened her eyes and whis-
pered to him, "Jim, it is not quite the same, but you'll do."

Jim smiled and replied, "But you aren't blonde, either."

As both mouths open simultaneously for a laugh, they both cli-
maxed together.  Feverish groans and grunts were mixed with
strange sounds like laughter.  His semen gushed forth into Sandy
and ran down into the hay.  It was good.

They lay spent in each other's arms.  It was easily fifteen
minutes before the realization that hay is very painful to lie on
when naked finally dawned.

Jim rose first.  As he extended his arms to Sandy to raise her,
he paused and said, "Wait, Sandy."

He lowered her gently down again and knelt down to her.  Tenderly
taking her face in his hands he kissed her.  He then laid her
head back on the hay and passed his lips down her delicious body
breathing a warm, moist touch on her.  He paused near her pas-
sionately wet vagina and nuzzled her.

After a delicious few moments he stood and raised her to him for
one last passionate kiss.

After dressing they descended from the loft.  In the darkness as
they passed one of the stall, a stirring gave them pause.  The
unmistakable head of the chestnut stallion was outlined in the
moon-lit window.  Jim and Sandy instinctively reached for each
other.  The horse quietly whinnied in an approving way and nodded
his head in appreciation.  Jim and Sandy smiled, nodded acknowl-
edgement together and snuggled closer to each other.  They left
the barn having learned much.
--
