Archive-name: Bestial/horsdiar.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Horse Diary


Here is another diary entry sent to me by my friend who owns the
stallion. This is NOT part-truth part-fantasy like his previous sub-
mission was; this is a factual journal entry, told with lots of
feeling. Names have been altered to protect everyone's privacy.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Damn! Work is a bitch, I finally got this one machine up and running,
but it was a dirty, sweaty job.  Sure am glad I have a horse to visit
when the day is done. It really helps me unwind when I can just go and
watch my horse eat hay, or nibble grain (HA! Nibble, vaccume it up is
more like it.).  Or even just doze.

Today was especially nice.  I got done with work at around 6pm.  It took
me 20 minutes to get to Jan's place.  Manpower was nowhere to be seen.
I got out of the truck and greeted the 5 people there that I had never
seen before in my life.  I went to the rabbit barn and grabbed a can
of "Vita-hoove" (tm).  Manny's feet have been kinda dry and cracking. The
"Vita-hoove" (tm) helps a lot.

I opened the gate to Manny's paddock and ducked under the single strand of
hot-wire.  Walking to the walkk-in shelter, I could hear Manny stomping
the ground. Irritated by flies again.  Especially the nasty, biting,
blood sucking, shark jawed vampires from hell.  Horse flies and deer
flies. Ick. Nasty little green eyed devils.

I reached the walk in shelter and found Manny in a state of "semi-sleep".
He just kind of dozes off on his feet. Head hangs real low and his eyes
sort of shut, but not all the way.  He always looks goofy like that.

I opened the can of "Vita-hoove" (tm) and started to smear the shit onto
his feet.  He always picks up the foot I am painting, makes it kind of
interesting.  I finished his feet and put the can of ..... stuff away.
I started scratching his neck, he always likes that, this time was no
exception.  I continued my scratching motions till I reached his back.
There, at the place people would call the small of their back, I began
a slow side to side rubbing motion with the palm of my hand. Manny has
learned the this motion is the one I use when I intend to play with his
private parts.  And sure enough, he began to let his penis drop out of
his sheath.  When his prepuce got to the point where he either would
expose his penis or change his mind and suck the big boy back up again,
I got onto my knees and sucked the end of his prepuce into my mouth.
I grabbed the base of his shaft, gently, and started to rub back and forth
with slow even strokes.  He seems to like that motion, it usually gets him
fully erect.

I felt his prepuce snap back in my mouth, I now had 14 inches of flacid horse
cock in my mouth,  my goal was to get him to erect that mass of horse
flesh in my mouth and cause it to push itself out.  I continued my slow
rubbing motion and Manny continued his slow growth in my mouth.  It finally
got so large that I either had to swallow it and choke up a storm or
simply let it push its way out of my mouth. Of course, I don't like
throwing up, even for such a glorious cause, so I let it push it's way out
of my mouth.  Pretty soon Manny was at his full 19" with me sucking on the
last 4 inches of it.  I began to bob my head back and forth, trying to get
Manny to start humping, but, as usuall, it did not  work.  He just started to
get flacid again.  So I started to suck on just the upper part of his
glans, that always  seems to get him hard again.  And it did this time.
I just love watching that huge penis become engorged with blood.  I love
seeing those veins all along the surface of his penis stick out with
turgid excitement.  His testicles, the  scrotum shrivelling up as his
testes get sucked up in his huge lust.  But alas, it never lasts forever,
hell. I'm lucky if it lasts a few minutes.

That over, he decided that the strain was too much, erection swaying, he
lumbered out of the walk in shed to brave the flies and flap his lips at
stray  bit of alfalfa.  I watched him.  Stared at him.  Desired the feel
of his penis pressing up against my asshole, stretching me wide, thrusting
into me, stretching my anus open and pushing my guts aside.  Screaming
his lust and hammering his desire into me until at last, he shreiks his
glorious triumph and empties his large testicles into my whimpering body.
But I know that I can't have that, I know that the result would by my
death. Or, at the very least, my hospitalization with a ruptured bowel.
But still, I stare, and I lust after him.

Finally, he can take the onslaught of flies no longer and tossing his
head he spins and runs to the walk in shed.  I kick off a shoe and rub his
neck and head with one hand while rubbing his testicles with my feet.
Surprised at my seemingly enormous reach, he gives me "the look". An
indescribable thing, "the look". It's a stare imbued with a strange
mixture of fear, awe, respect and hate.  It is a look that only a stallion
can give. A stallion with an intact spirit.  It's almost as if he is staring
at me out of the depths of a dream, just as Vavra quoted.  A look that I
see but only once in a while.

I stop playing with his testicles and he steps forwardd and swings his
butt around.  I decide that I want to be on his other side, so I walk
through his neck. He has no choice but to move his head up and out of my way.
Almost, almost he leaves. But something causes him to stay, he turns his
head to me and then quickly looks away. Slowly, he turns to me again and
shoves his nose into my stomach. He licks, and, upon hearing the sound
of a horse about to bite, I simply move away, out of reach.  I walk behind him
and to his other side and begin to rub his back again. He likes that, and
he begins to get excited. I stop and walk behind him, being sure to push
by stomach against his butt.  He stands still,  so I reach my hands on either
side of him and contemplate the view of his  ass, as if I were another
stallion about to mount him.  He's a big horse, but I am a big man, yet,
still, my mouth is only at the dock of his tail.  He is huge.

I move out from behind him and notice that his penis is dangling in
all it's veined glory.  I gently   take it in my hand and unzip my pants.
I hold his penis against mine. His is more than  3 times the size of my
own.  I stuff his penis down my pants, reveling in the feel that it must
be to have such a huge penis.  I take my erection and begin masturbating
against the soft flesh of his  stallionhood.  It.....is.... a great feeling.
Indexcribable, the feeling of masturbating against a penis that is 19 inches
long. He is enjoying the attention too! And he is getting thicker, firmer.
suddenly, I can  stand it no longer and I ejaculate onto the head of his
giant shaft.  It seems like it lasts forever, and Manny seems to enjoy it too
as his penis is suddenly getting hard.  I get on my knees and stuff the
head of his penis into my mouth, sucking my own cum from the head of his
shaft.  He suddenly forces a surge of blood into his penis, causing his
glans to swell up and fill my mouth to overflowing.  I can only open wide
to keep him comfortable, but I can not get him out of my mouth without
scraping the soft skin of his glans against my teeth.  Slowly, the surge
subsides and I can take my mouth from him safely.  I suck on the top of
his glans and he surges again.  His head expanding fully, like a flower,
or a tower bell.  He does not thrust--*DAMN* him! WHY NOT?!..... but that's
okay.  There *WILL* be a time when he chooses to use me for his  pleasure.
And when that time comes, I will finally be fullfilled.


Intense? Yeah, I thought so.... It just kinda flowed out of me today.
I have been giving this one some thought.  I wanted to try describing
one of our sessions in a...... I dunno.... a pasionate voice.  Today,
WAS an intense session.  I like it like that though!  

--
