HORSLAVE.TXT

`I got a call Wednesday afternoon. My brother was going into the 
hospital for tests (He has Diabetes). He asked me if I could come 
out and watch the place for a while. Could I watch The Place?! The 
neighbor's raised Arabians. You're damned right I would! "Anything 
for my brother," I said, trying to keep the excitement out of my 
voice.

When I got there, it was better than I hoped. The neighbor's had 
taken two of their horses to a show, and would not be back for a 
week. I told him not to worry, and after I got him packed and off, I 
relaxed a bit. I figured it was going to be a wonderful couple of 
days, but I didn't know that fate had decided to throw a joker at 
me.

I was planning my first raid on the animals, when I heard some 
commotion coming from the stable. A lot of commotion. Larry had 
warned me that some punk kid had been sneaking around here. Well, 
whoever it was, they were in for a big surprise! I slipped out 
quietly, and went across the orchard, down the fields, and down to 
the barn.

As I made my way to the corral, I saw somebody yelling, and 
jumping up and down, and laughing. The horses were running around 
in circles, fear in their eyes. There is nothing that makes me 
madder than somebody torturing an animal, for no better reason 
than to have fun. If you want to have fun at somebody else's 
expense, get yourself a slave. He was a young man, fairly well 
built, with jeans and a shirt. Not too bad looking, either. "You 
shouldn't do that. It frightens the animals," I said. He whirled, and 
stared at me. "What the fuck do you want?" "Just wanted to know 
who was down here, and what they were doing..." He reminded me 
of a weasel. Thin, lithe, and nasty. "Well, you can just fuck off, 
Bastard!" "I do not think so," I replied.I have never understood why 
people mistake politeness for weakness. "Well, Muther Fucker, I'm 
just gonna hafta cut ya!" He grinned, and pulled a switchblade out 
of his back pocket. Yep, this kid had an attitude problem. And 
Master Jack knew how to take care of such problems.

I waited until he got close enough, then made a move with my left 
hand. He swung at it, and was rewarded by my size thirteen boot 
slamming into his crotch. He looked like he wanted to puke his 
balls up. I took his "toy" away from him, and grabbing a handful of 
hair, dragged him over to a fencepost. I slapped him, hard. "You 
awake, Stupid?" He opened his eyes, and stared at me. Both hands 
were still holding his groin. "That was just a love-tap." I stuck the 
blade into the wood, and snapped it off half-way. "You give me any 
problems, that will be your neck." I threw the handle into a nearby 
pond, and grinned at my new possession. It had been way too long...

That's when he decided to take a swing at me. I dropped his hair, 
grabbed his fist, and started squeezing. Five years as a 
woodcutter, and another 6 years as a maintenance man, gave me a 
grip like an steel vise. I waited until I felt his joints pop, before I 
let go. "Owwww! You broke my fuckin' Hand!" I gripped his neck, and 
pulled him to his feet. A lead rope sat coiled on the post. I grabbed 
his arms, and tied them behind his back in the "Angel-Wing" 
position, Wrists crossed, and pulled up tightly against the back, 
palms pointing up. I then slammed him into the post, and knocked 
his legs out, so he sat down, hard. I slipped a loop around his neck, 
and another around the post.

"You haven't shaved in a while." I grinned again, and pulled my 
seven inch sai out of it's sheath. I put against his dirty face, and 
pushing his chin back with one hand, slid it in one, continuous 
motion across his jaw. Then, I did the same to the other side. 
There were a few nicks, but I wasn't interested in how he felt. The 
look of sheer terror in his eyes was very enjoyable, however. "I'll 
be back in a moment." Cleaning the blade on his shirt, I stepped 
through the rail fence, and slowly, both hands in sight, moved 
towards the big animal, inside. He stood, sides heaving, still 
fearful, but waiting. I talked quietly, and soothingly to him. He 
shied away, when I tried to grab his halter, but allowed me to 
touch his shoulder.

He was magnificent, all black, and muscular. I had trouble 
breathing, I was so filled with lust. I gently rubbed his back, and 
haunches, slowly moving to his belly. Rub an animal's belly, and he 
is yours. He snorted, but moved his hind- leg, when I touched his 
sheath. I stroked it, feeling the outline of his huge cock. He snorted 
again, when I moved back and found a pair of orange-sized 
testicles, hanging down at least three inches. I took one in my 
hand, and ducking under his leg, licked on it. It tasted like dust, 
and hay, and sweat. I opened my mouth, and kneeling, sucked on it. 
The stallion grunted, moving his legs apart. The ball swelled in my 
mouth, while I rotated it around with my tongue. Reluctantly, I let 
it slide out into my hand, and lustily attacked the other one in the 
same manner.

When both testicles were thoroughly coated with spit, I played 
with them, and rubbed his sheath with my head. I keep my hair cut 
short, and I could feel his cock inside. I moved back. What? "No 
erection yet, Big-Boy? Well, We'll just have take care of that. 
Won't we?" He snorted, and looked at me with one brown eye. I 
smiled at him, then nibbled on the twin folds of skin that hang 
down on either side of his cock-holder. Surprisingly, there were 
clean, and the taste was like new-mown hay smells. I stuck my 
tongue inside, and it met the tip of his dick. I lapped at it, coaxing 
it out. As he slid all fifteen inches of sleek, black horse-cock out, 
I lapped at the shiny flesh. Of course, I could only lick on half of 
his dick at one time, but he didn't mind. When it was fully 
extended, the hilt, a leather-like ring of flesh, shone wetly, and 
the stallion was excited.

I sucked on the huge tip, licking the tasty excretions that trickled 
out of his piss- slit. I had to stop myself, or I would have 
continued until he came down my throat. But, I was reserving that 
treat for someone else. I went out through the fence again, and 
went over to where I had hog-tied the young punk. Leaving his 
hands tied, I lifted him up, and grabbed his belt. He spat in my face. 
"Get your fuckin' Faggy Hands off me, Fuckin' Faggot!" "You are 
about three ticks from disappearing off the face if this earth," I 
snarled, ripping his shirt off of him like it was made of paper, and 
jerking his chin up with one forearm, I slammed a knee into the 
small of his back, and then grabbed his pants, and undid the 
buttons. His briefs looked like a tent.

"Who's the Faggot?" I stroked his hard-on, then pulled them down 
too. I shoved my head into his stomach, and dropped him onto his 
ass. It was easy to remove his remaining garments. I grabbed him 
by the hair, and jerked him upright. "You also have a dirty mouth. It 
is about time somebody washed it out. And I am sure my 'Friend' 
will be happy to help." I grabbed his balls, and led him by this 
convenient 'handle' through a gate, and into the corral.

Off to one side, in the shade, was a half-buried pole, that was 
about three feet tall, and had a piece of plywood nailed to the top. 
With one good kick, I knocked the plywood off, and moved it over to 
one side. I shoved the kid down to his knees, then crossed his 
ankles around the pole, and tied them there, re- tying his hands. I 
grinned at him, running my hands through his long hair. "I like long 
hair. It gives me something to grab." I jerked his head back, using 
his trellises for leverage, tied the handful to his ankles. Now he 
was in a kneeling position, with the back of his head just about 
level with the top of the pole. Now he had the choice of keeping his 
mouth open, or going bald. I then went through the adjoining gate, 
and brought the stallion around, who was still quite erect. It 
almost stepped on him, as I maneuvered it's mid-section over the 
sputtering punk. I again ran my hands over the animal, and down to 
the gigantic fire-hose, still seeping pre-cum.  I started sliding my 
hands over the smooth log. The horse grunted, and slapped his 
erection up into his belly, smacking the young man in the face. It 
left a shiny trail of pre- cum. "He likes you." The kid tried to 
mutter something. I grinned again, and started to jack-off the 
animal in ernest. The stallion danced, and the head swelled, as I 
gently mauled his ballsac. "It won't be long, now..." The stallion 
made a noise like a roar, and his balls lurched upwards. The cock-
tip swelled as the slit opened and fired a shot of horse cum 
straight into the punk's mouth. He gagged, and the next splattered 
across his chin. It was like trying to hold into a high-pressure 
hose, made of leather. I gave it another pull, and more ejaculate 
spewed out, slamming into the kid's mouth, and lips, sliding down 
his throat.

I couldn't take it any longer. Grabbing the animal's flexible cock, I 
gnawed on the underside, hollowing my cheeks, as I created a 
vacuum. My hand slipped, and half of the fleshy pole slid down my 
throat. I couldn't breathe, but I didn't want to. My throat muscles 
milked his dick for all their worth, trying to drag it down into my 
stomach. Having both hands free, they roamed all over the 
underside of the horse, playing with his balls, stroking the 
remaining length, sliding across his inner- thighs. Finally, digging 
my teeth into his cock, I slid it out, slowly, stripping it of 
residual spunk. I'd almost forgotten how good horse cum was. The 
animal stood, panting, with a fine layer of sweat on his coat. He 
looked like a obsidian statue. I reached between his legs and felt 
his scrotum. They were quiescent, but as I rubbed them, slowly 
filled out again. I went over, got a bucket of water, took a drink, 
gave the horse some, and tossed the rest onto the tied-up jackass.

After a few minutes rest, the stallion seemed willing to resume 
the punk's lesson in humility, so I grabbed the still-dripping cock, 
and smeared the spatula-like tip over his face, watching it swell 
with the contact. More cock- lube seeped out. Wrenching his jaw 
open, I stuck the head in his mouth. The stallion whinnied, and 
jerked his hips. The punk gagged as a couple of inches slid into his 
mouth. "Oh, come on! I can take at least a third of his cock, and you 
have a bigger mouth than me..." I shoved his head forward, pushing 
more thick inches down his gullet. Damn! This was turning me on! 
"I'll leave you two love-birds to get better acquainted." I stroked 
the animal's forehead, calming it down. Didn't want him cumming 
just yet...

I went into the barn, and found a sturdy crate. Tossing it over my 
shoulder, I returned to find the kid had taken half of the pole into 
his throat. He also had a raging hard-on. I gave it a few jerks, 
making him moan around his mouth- and-a- half-full. "I'll take 
care of that later." I watched, as the cum-slick cock, pistoned by 
those magnificent haunches, moved easily in-and-out of the young 
man's mouth.

I dropped my pants, and underwear off to one side, and put the 
crate behind the stallion's moving ass. He sniffed the human, who 
was giving him so much pleasure, then watched with interest, as I 
got up behind him. I always carry a small container of vaseline, for 
Chapped Lips, and Dry Cocks, and other things.  I rubbed his 
buttocks for a moment, then I moved his tail out of the way, and 
teased his anus with my thumb. His tail jerked upwards, as I slid a 
finger's worth of vaseline into him, and rotated it around. I 
dropped the jar back into my shirt pocket, then removed it, and 
tossed it out of the way. I rubbed my cockhead against his button- 
like asshole, then pressed it into the tight opening. His anus 
opened slowly, at first pressing inward, then engulfing the tip. I 
watched while I slowly went in to the hair, the hole clinging to my 
dick.

He snorted, and shook his head. But the only movement he made 
was to spread his legs wider, so he could fuck the kid's face 
better. I hunched over the animal, to see if I could reach his dick, 
but no such luck.I had to be content with rubbing his back and 
sides, while smoothly buggered his warm, snug entrance. He 
continued to hump the man's mouth, finally settling into a pattern. 
I pushed in as the stallion slid his hips back to mine, and I would 
hear the kid breathing heavily, then the horse pushed forward 
again, plowing the triangular cock-head down into the man under 
us, while I eased out.

The chain-reaction started when I heard something plop softly into 
the ground... Ah, the kid just ca... the horse grunted, and his ass 
grabbed my cock, like it wanted to eat it. Rythemically, the 
animal's anus pulled on my tool, while I spurted cum into it. Damn, 
but that felt good! I came so hard, I had to lay across his rump for 
a few minutes. Finally able to move, I got down off the crate, and 
un-corked the punk's mouth. He looked half-drowned, his face 
covered in horse-spunk. I took my shirt, dipped it the water trough, 
and wiped his face off. I removed the rope, and let him up. Then I 
got into my clothes. "If I catch you bothering the animals again, I 
will show you what pain really is." He scampered off, coughing and 
swearing. I fed the horses, and went back home. I needed a shower, 
and a new shirt.

The End
