HORSE FUN     
     
     Well, let me tell you about my story. Simply put, I'm a
beastie-wanna-be. But I've probably gotten closer than any other
wanna-be's. Plus, there's only one animal I want to have relations
with, and that's the horse. Rather then bore you with how I got
started and everything (I'd be going back about 15 years), I'll just
jump into some things I like to do.
     Have you ever had a golden shower from a horse? I HIGHLY
recommend it! It takes patience, and you need to know the animal (you
don't want him getting startled and suddenly stepping on you). Male
horse  Wait right up until the moment he gets into his "stance".
Then go next to him, make sure he's not nervous, and quietly slide
under him. If all goes well, he will lean forward a little more and
whoosh!!!! It's one incredible experience.
     Another thing you might try is instead of sliding under him,
shove his penis into your mouth. He may not let you at first or he may
simply not urinate. But given enough time, it will happen. Try to
swallow as much as you can, but DON'T CHOKE! I did on my first try :/
I choked because I wasn't prepared for the force or the taste. The
taste of horse urine is somthing to remember, though! Not at all
bitter like human's urine. I did have to acquire a taste for it, but
now I love it. Anyway, once you've taken all you can, release the
penis and be prepared for a very forceful stream in the face.
     I have not (yet) had a golden shower from a female, but I've
covered her pussy at "pee time". If you try this, be forewarned.... A
female's urine stream is about DOUBLE the volume of a male's.
     Now, then, if you have any desire to have fun with the manure,
then read on. First, find a non-jumpy horse. Once you find one, slowly
insert a finger in his anus. With a calm horse, you can usually do
this without too much fuss. If, when you penetrate, you hit manure,
then you know he's almost ready, and you also know if the manure is
hard or soft. Hard is okay, but soft is PRICELESS. Again, you need
patience. When the horse finally lifts his tail, make sure he's aware
of your presence, quietly step behind him, put your face where it
counts and hold it there. Horse manure this fresh is very warm and
feels great! Hard manure needs a bit of regulation on your part, but
soft manure will flow nicely. And again, it's a very unique feeling.
If it's soft manure and you're a bit daring, open your mouth as wide
as you can. You can figure out the rest!
     If you'd like something that lasts a bit longer, then instead of
"facing" it, as soon as the tail starts to raise, drop your shorts and
underpants (don't just pull the front out). Try to catch EVERYTHING in
the shorts, make sure it's all pretty much in the crotch area, and
pull up. At this point, do whatever you want to do. Me, I put a belt
on (to hold everything fairly tight), and go to bed. It's difficult to
sleep (because to me the warm manure just feels soooooo good), but
it's worth it even if you don't. It's more worth it if you do.
     One other thing you might get a kick out of (and this is
especially good if you don't like waiting for the horse to "go"), is
cover your hand and arm in water, and slowly insert your arm into his
ass (Many horses won't let you do this. Again, know your horse). Once
you get your hand in, you're home free. Keep shoving (slowly and
gently) until your entire arm is in. That right there is a feeling in
itself. If you get in a horse who's bowels are half to completely full
of manure, then I suggest you hold your arm there. He will probably
fart once or twice, and then shift position (perhaps take a few steps
somewhere, walk with him as best you can and WATCH HIS STEP), raise
his tail and defacate. You can either hold your arm there and let him
squeeze the manure past, or you can let your arm "go with the flow."
Both are very interesting sensations.
     I will more than likely go "all the way" eventually. I had one
mare actually back up to me and move her tail to one side. I took the
liberty of inserting two fingers and letting her squeeze on them. Had
it not been daylight, I may no longer be a wanna-be. As for now, I
find myself weighing the factors between what is right and wrong. This
guy says this, another guy says that, the Bible says the other
thing.... It's enough to give a guy a headache. Regardless of what the
Bible might say, I don't see how beastiality can be wrong as long as
neither of the partners are being forced into sex. That I believe is
wrong... same thing as rape as far as I'm concerned. But if no one is
forced, and no one is hurt? I don't think it's wrong, but my
subconscious still nags at me a bit.
     Signed,
     Horse Lover (soon)

