     They ascended the stairs together, David in his slippers and 
Madame  Hortense  with her sandals going flap,  flap,  flap.   Of 
course David stayed two steps below his mistress out of  respect.  
When they reached the top of the stairs, Madame Hortense took her 
slave  by the hand and led him into the Mistress Bedroom.   David 
was puzzled.  "Madame Hortense, whatever can you be thinking?" he 
inquired.  Madame Hortense pushed him down onto the bed.   "Don't 
ask  questions!   It's  not  your place  to  question  me!"   she 
snapped.   She reached inside the night stand beside the bed  and 
retrieved  some silk scarves.  She tied David's hand and feet  to 
the big four-poster.  
     "Madame  Hortense,  have I done something  to  offend  you?" 
David asked pleadingly.     
     Madame  Hortense slapped him across the face.  "Stop  asking 
me  questions,  or  I'll  cancel your  day  off!"   she  snapped.   
"You've  already  spoiled  the GOOD mood I was in,  so  don't  do 
ANYTHING else to upset me the rest of the day, do you  understand 
me? SLAVE!"
     "Yes, Mistress," he replied weakly.
     Madame  Hortense pushed one sandaled foot into David's  face 
tauntingly.  "Do you like my sandals?" she taunted.
     "Yes, Mistress," David said, his mouth watering.  "They look 
so lovely on your feet," 
     "And  did  you  enjoy  worshipping  my  feet  this  morning?  
Hmmmm?" she cooed teasingly.
     "Yes,  yes,  Mistress," David replied  breathlessly  and  he 
extended his tongue to his Mistress's toe.
     Madame  Hortense  pulled her foot  away  abruptly.   David's 
heart sank.  Why was she torturing him this way?  Madame Hortense 
walked  around the side of the bed, chin in hand,  surveying  her 
captive slave.  David's eyes never left her feet as she walked to 
the  foot of the bed.  Madame Hortense stood at the foot  of  the 
bed, chin in hand, cocking her head from side to side emitting an 
occasional  "Hmmmm, hmmmm."  She stood looking at David for  what 
seemed to him to be an eternity.  A broad smile crossed her  face 
as  she  knelt and slowly removed the slipper from  David's  left 
foot.   David  gulped.   He knew the worst  was  coming.   Madame 
Hortense  held  David's  foot in her hand and  examined  it  from 
various angles, almost as if seeing it for the first time.   "My, 
my,  what  a pretty foot we have here!"  she  exclaimed  in  mock 
astonishment  and she stroked David's foot with one of  her  long 
fingernails.   David  resigned himself to the fact  that  he  was 
about to be tickled.  But his mistress DIDN'T tickle him;  rather 
she mused, "I wonder if my little slave likes to RECEIVE as  well 
as give," and she took David's big toe into her mouth and  sucked 
it.
     "Since you did such a good job on my feet this morning," she 
explained,  "I've decided to return the favor--just to  show  you 
that  I'm NOT the cold, heartless bitch you think I am," and  she 
continued her sucking.  She darted her tongue into and all around 
David's  toe crevices, sucking his toes from the biggest  to  the 
smallest.   She stroked David's foot with her  long  fingernails; 
not  a  torturing tickle-stroke but just enough to let  him  know 
that she could still turn this reverse foot worship session  into 
wholesale  tickle-torture  if she decided to.   David  sighed  in 
ecstasy.   He  could  hardly believe it was real!   Here  he  was 
having his own foot serviced by his mistress!  He wanted to pinch 
himself to make sure he wasn't dreaming, but he couldn't with his 
hands  tied to the four-poster.  Madame Hortense  slowly  removed 
David's  other  slipper.  "Noooooow," she exclaimed,  "let's  see 
about  this other foot.  Hmmmm, it's just as pretty as the  other 
one!   Let me taste the toes."  She took David's right foot  into 
her  mouth.  "Mmmmm, very tasty," she exclaimed. "I  didn't  know 
you had such tasty toes, slave."
     "Why thank you, Mistress.  I'm pleased that you like  them," 
David exclaimed vacantly.
     "Yes,  they're  very  strong and  very  shapely,"  she  said 
stroking both his feet with her long fingernails.  She placed her 
fingers  in David's toe crevices and stroked his soles  with  her 
thumbnails.   "Kootchy,  kootchy,"  she  cooed.   David   started 
snickering.   "Kootchy,  kootchy,"  his  mistress  cooed   again.  
David's  snickerings turned to smirks.  "Is mommy's  widdle  baby 
tickwish  on  his soles?  Hmmmmm?"  she cooed  teasingly.   David 
couldn't  hold  back his laughter any  longer.   Madame  Hortense 
continued tickling his soles with her thumbnails, the rest of her 
fingers firmly implanted in his toe crevices.   All of a  sudden, 
David  realized that Madame Hortense had suckered him.   She  had 
only pretended to be submissive, and now she had him right  where 
she  wanted him--tied helplessly to the four-poster bed.   Madame 
Hortense  smiled a sly smile.  "Now I've got you,  you  miserable 
little  wimp!   Did  you  honestly think  I  was  going  to  turn 
submissive  on you!  NO WAY!"  She removed her fingers  from  his 
toe crevices and started tickling him full force on the soles  of 
his feet.
     "HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"   David  laughed in  spite  of 
himself.  "Madame Hortense, you're cruel," he said between  gales 
of laughter.
     "Oh,  I'm a cold, heartless bitch," she admitted,  "and  you 
LOVE  it."  She accelerated her tickling, moving to the  tops  of 
his  feet  and up his legs.  "Such a gullible  little  slave  you 
are," she said tickling him inside his thighs and on his  flanks.  
She  ripped  open his shirt exposing his bare  chest.   Her  eyes 
widened  and she thought to herself, "ALL MINE!" and her  fingers 
danced over David's stomach and chest.  David was beside  himself 
with laughter.  The bed shook as he bucked and ground against the 
weight of the scarves tied around his hands and feet.
     "HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!    Oh,  please,  Madame   Hortense, 
stop!"  he said breathlessly.
     Madame Hortense paid him no mind.  She started tickling  his 
ears,  eyelids,  and  forehead.   David  was  starting  to   lose 
consciousness.  Madame Hortense danced her fingernails back  down 
David's  upper torso.  When she got to his belly, his  body  went 
limp.   A  less  sturdy  bed  than  the  four-poster  would  have 
collapsed  under David's sagging weight.  
     Madame  Hortense  peeled  back David's  eyelid,  kissed  his 
forehead,  and  patted him gently on the cheek.   "Rest  now,  my 
love," she said gently.


                         [ to be continued ]