     David  sat  in the living room reading  the  morning  paper.  
Madame  Hortense  had  given  him the  day  off  from  his  usual 
household  chores  for  good  behavior  and  he  had  taken   the 
opportunity  to catch up on the day's news and sports.  All of  a 
sudden  he  heard a loud flap, flap, flap on the  stairwell.   He 
turned to see Madame Hortense descending the stairs.  David could 
hardly  believe his eyes!  Since she had given HIM the  day  off, 
Madame Hortense had decided that SHE would take the day off  from 
wearing her usual leather outfit and dress casually for a change.  
David observed her descending the stairs dressed in an  oversized 
denim shirt and jeans, but the sight of what she wore on her feet 
almost  made David's eyes bug out.  On her feet  Madame  Hortense 
was wearing a pair of brown water buffalo sandals.  The sight  of 
his  mistress's willfully exposed feet brought a rush to  David's 
head.
     "Good morning, slave," she demurred.
     "Good morning, mistress," he replied.  He was going to  make 
a  comment  about her feet, but decided to hold  his  tongue--not 
wanting to say anything that MIGHT offend his mistress and  cause 
her to cancel his day off.
     "Since you admire my feet so much, I've decided to give  you 
a  little treat.  I'm going to be wearing these sandals  all  day 
long, so you may admire my feet as much as you like today."
     "Oh,  THANK you, mistress!"  he said scarcely believing  his 
good fortune.
     "But  remember,  dear slave", she cautioned,  "my  feet  are 
sacred  objects.  And sacred objects are meant to be  worshipped.  
You  may  begin  your worship NOW!" and she raised  one  foot  to 
David's  lips  for  kissing.  David kissed  the  toes  of  Madame 
Hortense's outstretched sandaled foot.  
     "This position is uncomfortable for me!"  she exclaimed.  "I 
am the mistress here!  Get up and relinquish your seat!"  
     David  slowly rose, laying aside his newspaper,  and  Madame 
Hortense displaced him in the big easy chair.  
     "Now, slave," she bade, "kneel and continue your worship."
     David  knelt before his mistress and continued  kissing  her 
feet.  The scent of the water buffalo hide blended with the  gamy 
aroma of Madame Hortense's feet was intoxicating to him.   Madame 
Hortense, for her part, leaned back in her chair and enjoyed  the 
sensations  of  her  slave's  lips upon  her  feet.   "Remove  my 
sandals,  slave,"  she said, "and lick the bottoms of  my  feet."  
David  gently removed Madame Hortense's sandals and proceeded  to 
apply his tongue to her soles.  He licked Madame Hortense's soles 
from toes to heels and back again inhaling deeply of the  bouquet 
of luscious feminine feet and water buffalo hide.  "Lick  between 
my  toes,  slave," she bade softly.  "Make sure you  get  between 
each and every toe...that's a good slave...mmmmmmmmmmmmm, you  do 
that  so  nicely."  She was caught up in the ecstasy  of  David's 
gentle  attentions  to her feet.  She sighed softly,  and  moaned 
with  pleasure.  Her eyes rolled back and she stared vacantly  at 
the  ceiling.  David's tongue now moved to the tops of  her  feet 
and darted between each toe up to his mistress's ankles.  "Ooooh, 
David," she cooed, "you're doing such a good job today."
     "I'm  glad you're pleased, mistress," he said.  In  all  his 
years of service to her, this was the first time Madame  Hortense 
had ever called him by name.
     "Place  my sandals back on my feet, love," she  cooed,  "and 
come upstairs with me."


     What on Earth can Madame Hortense have in mind???

     Aaaah!  That's in the next installment.














































