     David stood over the sink in Madame Hortense's kitchen doing 
the  dishes.   He  remembered his  mistress's  warning  from  the 
previous day and did not wish to endure another tickling session.  
As  he stood washing plate after plate, David's mind  drifted  to 
his  mistress's  feet.  David had never  seen  Madame  Hortense's 
feet--she wouldn't allow it.  "She always wears the those blasted 
leather boots," he thought.  Oh, she would allow him to lick  the 
heel  of  those boots as an alternative to tickling him  on  days 
when  she was feeling merciful, but once when David had tried  to 
remove  her  boots,  Madame Hortense had jerked  her  foot  away, 
kicking  David under chin in the process.  "Don't you  DARE  EVER 
try that again!" she had warned, "If you do, I'll tickle you  for 
twenty-four  hours straight!  And don't think for a  moment  that 
I'm  joking!"   Could  it be that his  mistress's  feet  were  as 
ticklish  as his?  Where else was she ticklish, he wondered.   He 
had to find out.  
     The sound of a key turning at the front door startled  David 
out  of his reverie.  Madame Hortense was home!   "Good  evening, 
Mistress," David called.
     Madame  Hortense tossed her head disdainfully and strode  to 
the  kitchen.  "I see you remembered the dishes today," she  said 
sharply.
     "Yes, Mistress."
     "I'm  going upstairs to lie down for a bit.  And  don't  you 
dare even THINK about disturbing me.  Is that clear, slave?"
     "Yes,  very  clear, ma'am," David sighed, and he  turned  to 
finish  the  dishes.  In the distance he could  hear  the  clump, 
clump,  clump  of Madame Hortense's black leather  boots  on  the 
stairs.   He tried to visualize her feet encased in those  boots; 
feet he had never been allowed to see.  And then he went back  to 
doing the dishes.

                              *    *    *   

     When  he  had finished with the dishes, David  went  to  his 
quarters  in  the dungeon and sat on his cot.  He  daydreamed  of 
turning  the  tables on Madame Hortense and tickling  her  for  a 
change.   HE  would tie HER to the four-poster for a  change  and 
have  his  way  with her.  But he DARE not  cross  his  mistress.  
Madame  Hortense could be very cruel and vindictive when  crossed 
and  David  dare  not risk it.  But still,  the  thought  of  his 
mistress lying asleep upstairs and totally unaware of what he was 
thinking  would not leave him.  He had to at least get a look  at 
Madame Hortense's feet!  The feet he longed to worship!  The feet 
he longed to tickle!

                              *    *    *                         

     David  slowly crept upstairs to Madame Hortense's  chambers.  
His  mistress lie asleep on her stomach on the  four-poster  bed.  
She was deep in slumber and David could hear her snoring from the 
time  he  reached  the first landing  of  the  stairwell.   David 
surveyed  his mistress in her black leather outfit, the  menacing 
leather  blouse  and  those tight-fitting  leather  slacks.   The 
leather  boots were still on her feet.  David's  heart  trembled.  
Did  he  dare  attempt to remove those  boots.   He  knew  Madame 
Hortense would be furious when she awoke and would subject him to 
another   of  her  infamous  tickling  marathons.   But   David's 
curiosity  got the better of him and he slowly, gently  attempted 
to  remove  the boot from Madame Hortense's  left  foot.   Madame 
Hortense emitted a broken snore and moved her left leg  slightly.  
For one frightening moment David thought he had awakened her, but 
his  mistress  only stirred slightly, and the drone of  her  loud 
snoring  continued.   "She  sure  is  a  sound  sleeper,"   David  
thought,  "thank God!"  David slid the boot off the rest  of  the 
way--and gazed down at the specter of Madame Hortense's  shapely, 
left foot.  He noticed the sculptured shape, the long  unpolished 
toenails.   He  dared  to plant a kiss  upon  her  heel.   Madame 
Hortense  stirred  slightly, but still slept.   He  thought  he'd 
chance  the  right boot now.  Slowly, slowly, David  removed  his 
mistress's  other  boot.  Again Madame Hortense  stirred  in  her 
sleep  but did not wake.  David now survey his  mistress's  right 
foot, even more shapely than the other.  He planted a kiss to pay 
his homage.  He gazed almost trance-like at those gorgeous  peds.  
He would gladly pay homage to them hourly if only Madame Hortense 
would  let  him.   But then his mind  suddenly  reverted  to  his 
original  intent.  "I came to tickle Madame Hortense's feet,  not 
to worship them," he thought slyly.

                              *    *    *

     David  steeled his courage.  There was no turning back  now.  
Madame  Hortense was still deep in slumber snoring decibels.   He 
slowly  reached  inside  the beside table  drawer  for  the  long 
feather.   Stroking it in his hands.  He sauntered around to  the 
foot  of the bed where Madame Hortense's exposed bare  feet  were 
just waiting for him.  He ran the feather up the sole of her left 
foot  slowly.  Madame Hortense moaned incoherently.  David  moved 
the feather slowly down Madame Hortense's foot.  She snickered in 
her  sleep.   David  got  a  little  bolder  and  stroked  Madame 
Hortense's foot up and down repeatedly with the feather.  She was 
starting  to  awaken from her slumber but was still  not  totally 
aware  of  what was happening.  David now  started  tickling  her 
right foot with the feather.  Madame Hortense was fully awake now 
and  furious.   All  of  a sudden  David  realized  that  in  his 
enthusiasm  he had forgotten to tie his mistress to the  bedpost.  
Fear  engulfed  him as Madame Hortense, fully  conscious  and  in 
complete  control  of  her faculties lunged  at  her  disobedient 
slave.  David tried to run, but Madame Hortense was to quick  for 
him  despite  her size.  She tackled him like  Frig  Perry  going 
after John Elway and had him on the floor helpless.  Her  fingers 
danced  over his ribs. "HAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHA!"  he  cackled 
helplessly.
     "You disobedient little twit, I told you not to disturb  me!  
This  is  what  happens to insubordinate  slaves!"  she  bellowed 
tickling his sides with her strong fingers.
     David was laughing uncontrollably.  He knew that if he could 
get  at his mistress's feet he could take advantage of her.   But 
how  could  he  reach them with her on top of  him  tickling  him 
senseless.   This was a good time to see if Madame  Hortense  had 
any  other ticklish spots, and so in desperation, with  his  last 
ounce of strength, David reach out for his mistress's stomach and 
started  a tickling motion.  Madame Hortense burst into gales  of 
uncontrollable  laughter.  She rolled over on her back and  David 
was         quickly         on        top         of         her. 
"HOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHOHO!"       she 
laughed  in  spite of herself, her laughter  filling  the  house.  
David had her now.  He reached down and ran his fingers over  his 
mistress's ticklish soles. "HOHOHOAHAOHAOHOAHAAA!" she snickered, 
"You  little twit, I'll get you for this!  I'm going to give  you 
the  tickling of you life when I get my hands on you!   Now  stop 
it!   Stop it now!"  But David wouldn't stop.  He tickled  Madame 
Hortense's  soles,  then  her insteps, toes  and  heels.   Madame 
Hortense  was weak from exhaustion.  The one mighty mistress  had 
been humbled by her slave.  She heaved broken gales of  laughter, 
furious  that her slave had discovered her weakness, but to  weak 
to  fight  back.  David took Madame Hortense's left foot  in  his 
hand  and  kissed it.  "You have such beautiful  feet,  mistress.  
Why do you hide them in those boots?"  Madame Hortense uttered  a 
few  incoherent  phrase on the order of "it's not your  place  to 
ask,  slave" as David continued kissing her foot.  He kissed  the 
sole, the instep, the heel, and finally took her big toe into his 
mouth  and sucked it slowly.  Madame Hortense moaned in  pleasure 
in  spite of herself, she was still furious at David but for  now 
was  enjoying the homage he was paying to her feet.  Perhaps  she 
would incorporate this into his punishment sessions from now  on.  
David  sucked each one of his mistress's toes and then picked  up 
her other foot and gazed at it reverently.
     "Are  you  enjoying  kissing my  feet,  slave?"   she  asked 
inquisitively.
     "Yes, mistress," he replied.  "It's a pleasure I've  yearned 
for."
     "Well  stop  talking about it tend to my other  foot!"   she 
snapped,  slowly regaining her composure and control.  "Or  would 
you  rather suffer another tickling session under the  weight  of 
the feather?"
     David  took  her  right foot into his  lips  and  kissed  it 
tenderly  from toes to heel.  Madame Hortense moaned in  pleasure 
and the remnant of a smile even crossed her face.
     "Suck  my toes, slave," she cooed.  "Let me see what  you're 
made of."
     David  took  his mistress's toes into his mouth  and  sucked 
tenderly.   "That's a good little slave," she cooed.   "I'll  let 
this  be  your punishment for waking me.  You be  a  good  little 
slave  and  I  might ALLOW you to tickle me when I'm  one  of  my 
more  generous  moods.  But if you EVER try  another  stunt  like 
this, I'll subject you to the loooongest tickling session  you've 
ever had.  Is that understood?"
     "Yes mistress," he said, and he continued sucking her toes.


     
     What's in store next for Madame Hortense and her slave?   

                              Stay tuned. 
