     Madame Hortense lay tied to the four-poster bed, drifting in 
and  out of consciousness.  She awakened to the sensation of  her 
eyelids being peeled open and the words "kootchy, kootchy"  being 
whispered  in  her ear.  She open her eyes fully  to  behold  her 
erstwhile slave, David standing over her grinning broadly.
     "Hello, Madame Hortense," David said kissing her forehead.
     Madame Hortense eyed him quizzically.  "David," she  uttered 
weakly, "what have you done to me?"
     "Broken  you,"  he said simply, kissing  her  forehead  once 
more.
     Madame  Hortense  surveyed her bound condition.   "How  long 
have I been tied here?"  she questioned meekly.
     "Quite some time," David replied.  "You've been drifting  in 
and  out of consciousness and I've been watching you.   You  look 
so cute when you're tied up?"
     Madame  Hortense was speechless.  She wanted to  voice  some 
sort of reprimand to re-establish her power, but the words failed 
her.
     "Kootchy, kootchy," David teased her.
     Madame  Hortense laughed faintly in spite of  herself.   "Oh 
David,  stop.  Please."  she moaned. "You really enjoy  torturing 
me,  don't  you--and  after  all I've  done  for  you.   What  an 
ungrateful  slave you've turned out to be!  Shame on you!   Untie 
me at once--or have you further plans to tickle me?"
     "Are you READY for another round of tickling, Mistress?"  he 
inquired.
     "If  you  insist...Master," she sighed.  "You know  where  I 
like it best," she wiggled her toes. "Use the feather."
     David  started  tickling  Madame Hortense's  toes  with  the 
feather.   Madame  Hortense  giggled  with  glee,  her   laughter 
increasing  as  David's tickling of her  feet  intensified.   She 
tossed back her head and cackled loud and long.  Receiving tickle 
torture had now become a balm for her, a drug.  She begged  David 
to continue.  "WHEEEEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHAHAHAHAHAHA!" 
she cackled.
     "Having fun, Mistress?"  David inquired.
     "YES,  YES,  THIS IS ECSTASYYYYYYYY!"   she  cried.   "DON'T 
STOP!  TICKLE THE BACKS OF MY LEGS!"
     David  moved the feather up Madame Hortense's ankles to  the 
backs of her legs and tickled them with a smooth swirling motion.  
"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"  she laughed.  "DO MY STOMACH NOW!   TICKLE 
MY  STOMACH!"   David tickled her stomach  and  abdomen.   Madame 
Hortense  shrieked when the feather found her navel.   "EEEEEEEK!  
EEEEEEEK!  I'M GOING TO GET YOU FOR THAT, YOU NAUGHTY BOY!   UNDO 
MY  BRA!  TICKLE MY BREASTS!"  David did as he was  told.   Maybe 
Madame  Hortense didn't realize it, but this was another area  of 
her  anatomy that had hitherto been off-limits to David.   Madame 
Hortense's  breasts  were  full  and  voluptuous.   David  traced 
circles around her nipples with the feather.  Madame Hortense was 
hysterical.   She was cackling so loudly that David  wondered  if 
the whole neighborhood could hear her.  "Thank God for soundproof 
bedrooms!"  he thought.  He kept swirling the feather around  his 
mistress's  breasts and in between them.  He was happy to be  the 
one  GIVING  the tickle-torture instead of receiving it,  but  it 
occurred  to  him  that  it was  Madame  Hortense  who  had  been 
directing just where the tickling was to be administered.   "That 
Madame  Hortense," he thought to himself, "even in captivity  she 
somehow  manages to remain dominant.  Oh, well, at least I'M  not 
the one tied to the four-poster.  Don't know how long I can  keep 
this  up, though.  God, she's insatiable!  And she thought  SHE'D 
created a monster!"  Madame Hortense sensed him slowing the pace.  
"Why are you stopping, Master?"  she taunted.  "Is Mommy's widdle 
baby getting tired?  Hmmm?"
     David  had to admit he WAS starting to getting  tired.   His 
arms,  hands and fingers ached from tickling his mistress for  so 
long.
     "Oooooh!"  teased Madame Hortense with raised eyebrows,  "so 
Mommy's  widdle baby can take it, but he can't dish  it  out...in 
that case...untie me at once!"  and she eyed him sternly.   David 
complied  and  untied his mistress's hands and  feet,  her  limbs 
falling heavily on the bed.
     Madame Hortense heaved a sigh of relief.  "My goodness, just 
how long were you planning to KEEP me in that God-awful position! 
My poor limbs will never be the same again...come sit next to  me 
on  the bed."  David hesitated.  "I'm not going to  tickle  you," 
she assured him, "I just want to talk to you.  Please, sit,"  she 
said gesturing next to herself.  Madame Hortense slowly rose to a 
sitting  position on the four-poster and David sat down  next  to 
her.   Madame  Hortense  squeezed his hands  tenderly  and  gazed 
affectionately into his eyes.  "You know, David," she said, "I've 
grown  rather fond of you over these past five  years--even  when 
you  ARE forgetting to wash the dishes.  I'd like you to stay  on 
here  with  me  as  my tickle slave...if you'll  have  me  for  a 
mistress.  You do realize that your contract with me is about to 
expire  and you'll be free to leave me if you wish, no  questions 
asked, no strings attached?"
     "Oh,  I could never leave you, Madame Hortense," David  said 
gazing dutifully at her.  "You've been very good to me these past 
five years and I appreciate all the things you've done for me."
     "Even all the tickling sessions I've subjected you to?"
     "Yes, every one.  I wouldn't trade them for anything."
     "Were  you surprised when I asked you to change  roles  with 
me?"
     "Yes, pleasantly so."
     "Well,  I  am a REASONABLE mistress--despite  what  you  may 
think of me.  Actually, I wanted to see if I was secure enough in 
my  role as your mistress to allow myself to be  dominated.   Now 
that  I  know  I  am,  it opens up  whole  new  vistas for  our 
relationship, don't you think so?"
     "Yes,  the  possibilities certainly are boundless." 
     "They  certainly are," Madame Hortense agreed, "and I  think 
you'll find that I've taken those possibilities into account with 
your new contract."  She reached into the night stand drawer  and 
drew  out a long sheet of paper.  "This, my dear slave,  is  your 
new contract with me.  Read it.  Think it over.  And sign it when 
you're ready."
     David started reading the terms of the contract to  himself.  
When  he got to the second paragraph, his jaw  dropped.   "Madame 
Hortense,"  he exclaimed, "according to this, you relinquish  all 
claims  to domination over me on weekends and stipulate  that  on 
Saturdays  and  Sundays  I  am  to  dominate  YOU.   You  further 
stipulate  that on those days I may avenge at my  discretion  any 
and all punishments carried out during the previous week, which I 
deem were wrongfully or unjustly administered!"
     "That is correct," she nodded.
     "But that's incredible!"
     She placed her hand gently on his lips.  "You're QUESTIONING 
me  again,  slave" she admonished him.  "Listen to  me.   I  WANT 
things  to  be  that way, do you understand?   Even  a  hard-core 
dominatrix like myself needs a change once in a while.  Now, if I 
can live with the terms of the new contract, I see no reason  why 
you shouldn't either.  You forget, I DREW UP the contract to read 
that way," she reminded him, "therefore it obviously reflects  my 
desires." 
     David  didn't read any further.  He was satisfied  that  his 
mistress  was  being  fair with him and signed his  name  at  the 
bottom--underneath his mistress's.  Madame Hortense held David to 
her  breast  and kissed him profusely on the cheeks.   "I'm  very 
happy  for  us," she said hugging him.  
     "So am I" he answered.    
     Madame  Hortense release her embrace and held David's  hands 
tightly.   "Let's  establish some code words for when  we've  had 
enough  tickling for one session," she suggested.   "When  you're 
tickling me on weekends, you may continue to tickle me as long as 
you  like  until I repeat to you the words 'no mas'.   That  will 
mean  no further tickling for that session and that you MUST  let 
me rest for a full twenty minutes.  Is that understood?"
     "Yes, very clearly, mistress," David said, "and my code word 
shall be--"
     "OH NO! There will be no code words for YOU, my slave.   I'm 
still  the  dominant  one in this relationship  even  if  I  have 
granted you two days a week's grace period.  You, my slave,  will 
have  to endure ALL the tickling I dish out, is that  understood?  
I will decide when you've had enough!"  
     "Understood, Mistress," said David.
     "It  is  now 11 P.M.," Madame Hortense said looking  at  her 
watch.   "You  have  one  full hour  left  before  your  day  off 
is  ended."  She lay back on the bed, and outstretched  her  arms 
and legs to David for re-tying.  "Use it well," she whispered.
     David  reached  for  the  silken  scarves  and  re-tied  his 
mistress  hand and foot.  "I see you prefer using the scarves  on 
me," she observed.  "Such a gentle Master."  David only smiled.
     "Prepare yourself to be tickled, slave!"  he commanded.
     "Yes, Master," replied Madame Hortense submissively.
     "I  think  I'll try something different,"  he  said.   "Wait 
here!"
     "Oh,  I'm   not  going  anywhere,  Master,"  replied  Madame 
Hortense,  jiggling  her  wrists against  the  scarves.   "You've 
already seen to that, haven't you?"
     "Enough  talk!"  David snapped.  "I shall  return  shortly."  
He disappeared into the mistress bathroom and emerged with a  box 
of  Q-tips.  He then took a bottle of Madame Hortense's  favorite 
perfume  off the dresser and doused a Q-tip with it.  He  started 
tickling  Madame  Hortense's feet with the perfumed  Q-tip.   The 
soft  sensation of cotton mixed with the wetness of her  favorite 
perfume on her feet caused Madame Hortense to chuckle.  "My,  my, 
what  an  innovative master I have.  Why didn't I think  of  that 
before?  I must remember to try this on you sometime."
     "You like?" inquired David increasing the pace.
     "I     like,    I    LIKE!"     cackled    his     mistress.  
"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"
     David  kept tickling her feet with the perfumed  Q-tip.   He 
ran  it up and down her soles, along her toe joints,  inside  her 
toe crevices, along her toe tips, and over her metatarsal  bones.  
"Oh-oh, it's drying out," he said, and he applied more perfume to 
the Q-tip.
     "Oh  no, please, Master" pleaded Madame Hortense,  "I  can't 
stand anymore."
     "Now,  now, my dear slave," David said  patronizingly,  "you 
must  learn to take it like a lady," and he ran the  re-moistened 
Q-tip  over  her toes once more.  Madame  Hortense  was  giggling 
senselessly.  David had one-upped her.  She had never thought  of 
this  kind  of  tickle-torture before and it was a  blow  to  her 
vanity  to know that her own slave had thought of it  before  she 
had.   She would be sure to use it on him at some later time,  to 
be  sure, but for now she was too busy enjoying the sensation  of 
her  own perfume being applied to her feet with a  Q-tip.   David 
wet  the  Q-tip again and trailed up her legs to her  navel.   He 
tickled her navel with gentle poking.
     "EEK!  EEK!"  squealed Madame Hortense.  "YOU NAUGHTY BOY!"
     "Kindly address me as your master, slave," David  admonished 
her.
     "Yes,  master,"  Madame Hortense replied, her  voice  almost 
child-like.
     David  kept poking her gently in the navel with  the  Q-tip, 
causing Madame Hortense to squeal with each poke.  "I'm tired  of 
your noise," he said, "you must be silenced!"  He reached  inside 
the night stand drawer, drew out the ball gag and placed it  over 
Madame  Hortense's  mouth.  "Now let's see how  much  you  laugh, 
slave," he spat contemptuously.
     "Mmmph, mmmph," uttered Madame Hortense.
     David continued poking her navel amid his mistress's  grunts 
through  the gag.  He traced a slow circle around her  navel  and 
trailed  upward  to her nipples.  "Time for more perfume,  and  a 
fresh Q-tip," he said.
     "Mmmph!   Mmmph!  Mmmmmmmph!" cried Madame Hortense  through 
the gag.  
     David wet a fresh Q-tip.  "I think I'll 'swab' the deck like 
a  good  sailor," he said, and he swirled the  wet  Q-tip  around 
Madame  Hortense's nipples.  "Ooh la la, Madame, your perfume  is 
exquisite," he teased in a French accent continuing his  tickling 
of  her nipples.  He traced all around Madame Hortense's  breasts 
amid her muffled laughter from behind the gag.  He trailed the Q-
tip  under her armpits.  Madame Hortense was beside herself  with 
subdued  laughter.  She wanted to cut loose but the gag  wouldn't 
let her.  David made a trail up her shoulders and under her chin.  
Next  to her feet, Madame Hortense's chin was the  most  ticklish 
spot  on  her  body  and he  tickled  her  relentlessly.   Madame 
Hortense squealed uncontrollably her teeth digging into the  ball 
portion  of the gag.  David then re-moistened the Q-tip.   "Women 
love to put perfume...behind the ears," he grinned.
     "MMMMPH!  MMMMMPH!  MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMPH!"  she utter wildly.
     David applied the Q-tip behind Madame Hortense's ears.   The 
gentle, wet sensation caused the lady to go absolutely wild.  She 
grunted,  groaned  and bucked wildly as David tickled  her  ears.  
She desperately needed to laugh out loud.  All of a sudden a look 
of  desperation crossed her face, and David could sense panic  in 
her   eyes.   "MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMPH!    MMMMMMMMMMMMMPH!"    she 
uttered, twitching like a corpse in its death throes.
     "No mas?" inquired David.
     "MMMMPH!  MMMMPH!  MMMMMPH!  MMMMMMMPH!"  she nodded wildly.  
     David undid the scarves and ungagged her, whereupon all that 
pent-up laughter she had been storing came out full force.
     "HA   HAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHA!"   she   laughed 
uncontrollably.  
She  doubled  over into a fetal position and  continued  laughing 
herself silly.
     "How are you feeling, Madame Hortense?"  David taunted  her. 
Madame  Hortense couldn't stop laughing.  Her sides, stomach  and 
abdomen ached, tears were running down her cheeks, but she had to 
get all that laughter out of her system.  David had really turned 
the  tables  on her this time.  Not only had  he  tickle-tortured 
her,  but by gagging her had also deprived her of the ability  to 
laugh, thus adding insult to injury.  Madame Hortense's  laughter 
finally  subsided and she felt like a human being  again.   David 
put his hand on her shoulder.  
     "Don't  touch  me,  you bastard!" she  said  icily  and  she 
wheeled  from the fetal position onto her back, eyes  glaring  at 
David.  David knew that look.  The old Madame Hortense was  BACK!   
     Madame  Hortense  looked  at her watch.   "It  is  now  past 
midnight,"  she  announced.   "Your day off  has  now  officially 
ended.  You are now once again my slave."
     "Yes, mistress,"  David said simply.
     Madame  Hortense slowly smiled and shook her finger at  him.  
"You are good!  You are VERY good!"
     "I learned from the best," he replied.
     "Why thank you," she said and kissed his cheek.  "Fetch  the 
wine glasses, love, and a bottle of the best."
     David got two wine glasses from the wet bar and a bottle  of 
chablis.  
     "You may decant the wine now, slave," his mistress bade.
     "Are  we  celebrating  something,  Madame  Hortense?"  David 
inquired pouring the wine.
     "Yes,"  Madame Hortense replied, clicking glasses with  him.  
"Here's to five more glorious years."
     They  drank  their  toast, tossed their  glasses  aside  and 
embraced.
     "Don't  forget the dishes tomorrow, slave," Madame  Hortense 
reminded  him  with  a smile.  "I want us to start  off  our  new 
contract period off on the right foot."
     "Yes, mistress," David nodded stroking her right foot, "I'll 
see 
you  in  the morning," and he turned to go back  to  his  dungeon 
quarters.
     "I  don't  recall dismissing you," called  Madame  Hortense. 
"You  know better than to leave my presence  without  permission.  
Besides, you're sleeping here with ME tonight."



                              [ to be continued ]
















































