     Madame  Hortense  surveyed the limp,  lifeless  body  draped 
across  her  lap.  She raised David's wrist high in the  air  and 
watched as his hand fell listlessly at his side when she released 
it.   She  lifted one of David eyelids. "Hello,  this  is  Madame 
Hortense,"  she  called softly, "can David come  out  and  play?"  
When there was no response, she peeled back David's other  eyelid 
calling,  "Earth  to David, Earth to David, come  out,  come  out 
wherever  you  are."   When David again failed  to  respond,  she 
tickled his foot.  David emitted a soft giggle.  "THERE you are!"  
she  exclaimed.  "For a moment I thought I'd lost you.   How  are 
you?  Did you enjoy your tickling session?"
     "Yes,  Mistress,"  he  uttered softly, "may  I  please  have 
another?"
     "I'll tickle you again later," she assured him.  "You  still 
have one coming for disobeying my orders not to whistle while you 
wash dishes, but for now you have another matter facing you."
     "What can that be, Mistress?"  David inquired.
     "All  that splashing you did in there has gotten  soap  scum 
all over me, and all over my precious leather outfit.  Just  look 
at  me!   Why there's soap scum all over my  leather  blouse  and 
slacks, and even on my precious leather boots!  I want you to get 
down  on  your knees and lick that soap scum off my  boots  right 
now, buster!"
     David complied, and knelt to kiss his mistress's boots.   He 
extended  his  tongue and applied it to  her  precious  footwear.  
"Lick  my  boots good, slave," she bade, "I want you to  get  all 
that  soap  scum off my boots...that's a good  slave...obey  your 
mistress...lick my boots clean...you be a good little  slavie-boy 
and  Mommy  will let you sample her  toes...that's  right,  Mommy 
knows  how  much you love to kiss her feet...but first  you  must 
clean Mommy's boots."  David licked the heel of Madame Hortense's 
right  boot  and worked his way forward to the  toe.   "Lick  the 
uppers, darling," his mistress bade.  David complied, and  licked 
his  mistress's right boot all the way up to the hip.   "Lick  my 
other  boot  now, slave," she bade him.  "Start at the  hip,  and 
lick  down  to  the toe."  David  complied  eagerly,  hoping  his 
mistress  would be pleased, and allow him to lick her bare  feet.  
"That's  a good slave," she encouraged him, "that's a  VERY  good 
slave.  I knew I could count on you to please me...that's why I'm 
so  fond of you...oh, you missed a spot, you're not  getting  all 
the  soap scum off...I told you I want all that soap scum off  my 
boots,  do  you understand?  Otherwise I'll have  to  tickle  you 
again...and you wouldn't want THAT, would you?"  Madame  Hortense 
smiled    knowingly.    "Thaat's   better...that's   much    much 
better...you're  a good slave, David, you just need to have  more 
training...keeep licking...that's good...I give you permission to 
remove my boots...slowly, David, slowly."
     David started slowly removing Madame Hortense's boots, first 
the left  boot and then the right one.  He knelt to plant a  kiss 
on his mistress's toe.
     "Did  I  give  you  permission to  kiss  my  toes?"   Madame 
Hortense inquired.
     "No ma'am," David answered simply.
     "Then  why  did you do it?"  his mistress scolded,  and  she 
tickled  David's sides with her long fingernails.   David  jumped 
sky-high.   "That's  just to remind you, slave,  that  you  don't 
proceed to do ANYTHING without my permission.  Have you forgotten 
EVERYTHING I've taught you?"
     "No, ma'am," David replied.
     "No, MISTRESS!"  Madame Hortense corrected him.
     "No, Mistress," David repeated.
     "Do  you suppose you can remember to wait for my  permission 
before you just go ahead and do things?"  she lectured him.
     "Yes, Mistress."
     "Good.  In that case, I give you permission to lick my  toes 
only...my toes ONLY."
     David proceeded to licked Madame Hortense's toes.  "Top  and 
bottom, dear," she exhorted him.  "Lick aaall the way across  the 
tops and aaall the way across the bottoms...very GOOD, David, you 
learn   so   quickly...now  I  want  you  to  lick   between   my 
toes...between  my  toes...get your tongue inside each  nook  and 
cranny and lick it good...Do my toes still taste salty?"
     "Yes, Madame Hortense."
     "Tangy and delicious?"
     "Yes, Madame Hortense.  Very tangy and delicious."
     "Don't talk with your mouth full, love...now I want you suck 
aaall  my toes...suck aaall my toes...as many as you can  fit  in 
your  mouth  at one time...mmmmmm, very nice...ah ah  ah,  you're 
starting   to  tickle  me...you  know  that's  not   allowed   on 
weekdays...I'll  assess  you another hour of tickle time  if  you 
keep that up...thaat's better...just a nice, soft suck...mmmm,  I 
may have you keep this up all day...would you like that?"
     "Yes, Mistress," David replied eagerly.
     "Are you enjoying sucking my toes?"
     "Yes, very much, Madame Hortense."
     "Do  you  suppose that you can fit a couple more  toes  into 
your big mouth?  I'll give you next Monday off if you can fit all 
ten of my toes into your mouth and hold them there."
     The  prospect  of three straight days of freedom  brought  a 
rush  to David's head.  He eagerly contorted his mouth to try  to 
accommodate  all  ten  of  his  mistress's  toes.   He  held  his 
mistress's feet in his hands and tried to push her sacred  digits 
into his mouth from several different angles.  He finally managed 
to  get all but the smallest toe on her left foot  inserted  into 
his  mouth.  He tried to push the stubborn digit in, but it  just 
wouldn't go.  Madame Hortense was laughing softly (at her slave's 
plight,  NOT from being tickled).  Finally after several  minutes 
of  oral  push-ups  he  managed to get it  in.   It  slipped  out 
almost  immediately.  "Aaaw, too bad," his mistress pouted,  "you 
don't  get Monday off.  But, for your consolation prize,  I  give 
you  permission to kiss and lick all other portions of  my  feet.  
So have at them, and enjoy yourself."
     David proceeded to smother his mistress's feet with  kisses.  
He  planted  kisses all up and down Madame Hortense's  feet.   He 
kissed  the tips of her toes, her metatarsal bones,  her  insteps 
and her ankles.  He kissed the heels of her shapely feet and then 
paid  homage to her soles.  "It seems I have an eager foot  slave 
in toe," Madame Hortense mused, "I can feel it in my sole."
     "Just staying instep with the times, Mistress," David 
responded.
     "Oho!   A  slave  with a sense of  humor,"  Madame  Hortense 
exclaimed softly.  "Let's go upstairs to the Mistress Bedroom."
     "Shall I put your boots back on your feet, Madame Hortense?"  
David asked.
     "Oh,  just  leave them there," she said with a wave  of  her 
hand.  "I'll go barefoot.  Follow me."
     Madame  Hortense  led  the  way  upstairs  to  the  Mistress 
Bedroom.  David followed three steps behind her, his eyes  firmly 
riveted on her shapely feet.  The subdued thump, thump, thump  of 
her feet on the stairs was bringing a rush to David's head.  This 
was  another milestone.  Madame Hortense would never have  before 
DREAMED  of  walking barefoot through the house.   She  used  the 
clump,  clump,  clump of her boots to intimidate David and  as  a 
reminder  that  she  was  always  there--and  knew  what  he  was 
thinking.  When they got to the Mistress Bedroom, Madame Hortense 
motioned  towards the bed.  "Have a seat, slave."  she  exhorted.  
David  sat down on the bed.  Madame Hortense lay down on the  bed 
with  her shapely bare feet propped up in David's lap.   "See  my 
pretty feet?"  she inquired wiggling her toes.
     "Yes,  Mistress,  they're lovely,"  replied  the  mesmerized 
David.
     "Take  them  in your hands now and  study  them...scrutinize 
them...observe  them.  I want you to become  thoroughly  familiar 
with  my  feet.  You're going to be seeing a lot of them  in  the 
future...yes,  I  thought that would please you.  I want  you  to 
memorize  every detail, every nook and cranny.  There may come  a 
time  in the future when I'll command you to kiss or lick a  very 
specific  location on my feet, and failure to pay homage to  that 
exact  spot may result in an extended tickling session  for  you.  
Do you understand?"
     "Yes, Mistress, I understand," replied the entranced  David.  
He held Madame Hortense's feet reverently in his hands.  He could 
scarcely  believe  he  was actually holding the  objects  of  his 
heart's  desire right in the palms of his hands.  He had  reached 
nirvana.   He  observed the long, shapely,  unpainted  toes,  the 
texture  of the skin, the pronounced arch,  the feet  so  shapely 
and  beautiful.   He planted a kiss on  her  arch  in  adoration.  
Madame Hortense eyed him sternly.  
     "Didn't I just finish lecturing you about proceeding without 
my permission?"
     "I'm sorry, Mistress," he uttered abjectly, shaken from  his 
reverie.
     "That's  all right,"  his mistress reassured him, "You  have 
my  permission  to  do  whatever  it  takes  for  you  to  become 
thoroughly familiar with my feet.  BUT NO TICKLING!"
     David  caressed his mistress's precious peds.   He  massaged 
her toes and arches deeply to get a real feel for the contours of 
her feet.
     "I seem to be getting a nice foot massage out of this deal," 
Madame Hortense said with a vacant smile.
     "Am I pleasing you, Mistress?"  David inquired.
     "Just  carry on, David," said Madame Hortense lying back  on 
the  pillow closing her eyes, enjoying the deep massage her  feet 
were  getting  as  her  slave  went  about  doing  his  homework,  
"just...carry  on...I'm  going  to take a little  nap  while  you 
massage my feet, love...keeep studying...I'm going to give you  a 
test...when I awaken."



                              [ to be continued ]
















































