     Madame Hortense carried David's naked, unconscious body into 
the  bedroom  and flopped it onto the bed.   Her  strong  fingers 
pushing against his pressure points had put him out like a light.  
She  raised David's arm in the air and let it go.  It flopped  at 
his side like a wet rag.  David was Madame Hortense's slave,  and 
he  had displeased her by not having done the dishes by the  time 
she  had come home from work.  This was the third time this  week 
this had happened so she was compelled to render him  unconscious 
and  tie  his wretched body naked to the big four poster  in  the 
Master  (Mistress) bedroom.  She peeled back David's eyelids  and 
then slapped him across the face.
     "Wake up, you lazy bastard!" Madame Hortense snapped.   This 
is the third time this week you have failed to do the dishes  and 
now you must be punished!"
     "Oh please, Madame Hortense,  I forgot about the dishes.   I 
was  so busy trying to clean the rest of the house that I  didn't 
have time to do them," David whined.
     "Shut up!" she shouted.  "Your just a lazy, good-for-nothing 
son-of-a-bitch and you have to be taught a lesson!"
     Madame  Hortense  opened a drawer in the bedside  table  and 
pulled out a long feathered plume, stroking it menacingly.
     "Please,  Mistress," David exclaimed, "please  don't  tickle 
me.  You know I can't stand it when you tickle me."
     "Well, that's just too bad, you disobedient twit," she  said 
ignoring  his  pleas.   "This  is  what  happens  to  slaves  who 
disobey."
     She  ran the feathered plum over David's stomach.  He  tried 
to stifle a laugh, but it was no use.
     "HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!  
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!   Oh please, stop.  I  can't  stand 
it," he managed to say between giggles.  But Madame Hortense paid 
him  no  mind and continued her tickling.  She  ran  the  feather 
under David's arms, under his nose, and across his forehead.  
     "HAHAHAHAHEHEHEHEHEHAHAHAHAHAHAHEHEHEHEHEHEHEEEEEEEEEEEEE!  
Oh, Mistress.  M-m-mad-d-d-am H-h-hort-t-t-ense.  Pleeeeeease!"
     She ran the feather back down David's chest tracing  circles 
as she went.  David's laughter kept up.
     "HOHOHOHOHOHOHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHEHEHEHEEHEHEEEEEEEEEEEEAIAIAI!  
I can't take anymore!"
     "Shut  up,  you wimp and take it like a  man!"  she  snapped 
back.
     The feather was crossing David's stomach now and inching its 
way  to  his  lower  body.  He  bucked  and  jerked  against  the 
restraints of the ropes, his body all a-tingle from the  tickling 
his  mistress was giving him.  She ran the feather down  his  leg 
tickling him inside his thighs.
     "AH  AH  AH AH AH AHAAAAAAAAA!"  he  exclaimed  breathlessly 
trying not to pass out.
     She  ran  the  feather down David's  ankles  in  titillating 
circular motions and finally came to rest at David's feet.
     "Now  for  the grand finale," she said slyly.  "I  know  you 
just love it when I tickle your feet."
     "No please, not my feet, pleeeease!  I promise I'll remember 
to do the dishes tomorrow if you just don't tickle my feet."
     "Promises, promises," Madame Hortense exclaimed, and she ran 
the dreaded plume over David's soles.  He tried to jerk his  feet 
away  but  she  had tied his ankles to  tightly  to  allow  that.  
David's  mind screamed inside his head.  He was so out of  breath 
he could barely laugh out loud.
     "Ha...ha...ha," he laughed weakly.
     Madame  Hortense intensified her tickling of  David's  feet, 
running  the  feather over his toes and back down to  his  heels, 
then in between his toes and over his insteps.
     "AAAAAAAAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHA!"   he    laughed 
getting  his  second wind.  "Oh Madame Hortense,  pleeease  don't 
stop.  I love it when you tickle my feet!"
     "Starting to enjoy it, are we?" his mistress cooed.
     "Oh yes pleeease, kind mistress," he cried eagerly.
     "Well  in that case, I think I'll something different,"  and 
with  that,  Madame Hortense put down the feather and  raked  her 
long red fingernails over David's toes.
     "HEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHE!  Oh--Madame--
Hortense--HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!  I--HAHAHHA--love  it-HEHEHAHAHAHA!  
Please--don't--stop--HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!"
     "Well, I think you've had enough punishment for today, young 
man," said the mistress.  "Just you remember the dishes  tomorrow 
or else I'll have to punish you again."

     Will David remember the dishes tomorrow?  Stay tuned.






























