     Madame  Hortense  continued tickling David's feet  with  her 
fingernails  under  the  hot soapy water.   David  was  giggling, 
kicking  his  feet  wildly and in the  process  splashing  Madame 
Hortense in the face with water.
     "Melt, wicked witch," David giggled.
     "That's  another  hour's  worth  of  tickling  for  you,  my 
pretty,"   Madame Hortense cackled totally unfazed by  the  soapy 
water in her face, and she continued tickling David's feet.   The 
more David kicked, the harder she tickled him.  "I don't care how 
much  you  splash  me, my pretty," she cackled.   "The  more  you 
splash me, the longer I'll tickle you...AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"   David 
kept  kicking and Madame Hortense kept tickling his  feet.   "Are 
you  having fun, my pretty," cackled Madame Hortense, "I'll  keep 
this  up foreverrrrrr.  You're a naughty boy for spotting  up  my 
pretty dishes.   If you do it again, I'll give you a spanking?"
     "Oh, no, please," David giggled.
     "Yes,  yes,"  cackled  Madame Hortense,  "I'll  give  you  a 
spanking AND a tickling, AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"
     "Madame  Hortense,  you're  cruel,"  David  exclaimed,  half 
giggling half crying.
     "Yes, yes," she said with that same sinister cackle, "I'm  a 
wicked  witch and I love to torture you.  Take that, you  naughty 
slave!"   and  she accelerated the pace of her  tickling.   David 
continued  kicking wildly, splattering Madame Hortense  with  the 
water.  Madame Hortense grabbed David's ankles with one hand  and 
continued tickling him with the other.  "Keep your feet still, my 
pretty, or I'll break them," she threatened.
     "I can't," David cried, "you're tickling me too much."
     "If you don't stop splashing me, I'll add another hour  onto 
your punishment," threatened Madame Hortense.
     "Madame Hortense, pleeeeease," pleaded David.
     "Do you think you've had enough?"  she inquired.
     "Yes, yes!"  David pleaded.
     "Well, I don't!"  retorted Madame Hortense.  "But I do think 
your  feet  have  had enough WET torture.   Let's  dry  them  off 
now...and continue your punishment in the living room."
     "No!  No!  N--"
     David  never  finished  his  sentence.   Madame   Hortense's 
fingers  digging  into  his  pressure  points  had  rendered  him 
unconscious.   She lifted his feet out of the water  and  started 
drying them of with a towel taking special care to clean  between 
his  toes.   Then she scooped his limp form into  her  arms,  and 
carried him into the living room.  She sat down on the sofa  with 
David's limp body sprawled across her lap.  She patted his cheeks 
to  rouse  him.   "Wake up, my pretty,"  she  sang.   "I,  Madame 
Hortense  command  you  to awaken."  David opened  his  eyes  and 
beheld  himself sprawled across his mistress's lap.  He tried  to 
get up but Madame Hortense pushed him back down onto her lap.   
     "Oh,  don't  try to run away, I'll just assess  you  another 
hour of tickle-torture if you do,"   she warned
     "Madame Hortense, please," David cried.
     "Oh,  be  quiet and take your punishment like a  man!"   she 
snapped.   "You've  still got an hour's worth  of  tickle-torture 
left to endure.  Do you want to up the ante?"
     "Oh, no!  Please, no!"  he begged.
     "Then I suggest you be quiet and cooperate, young man.   The 
sooner  you  submit and cooperate, the sooner this  will  all  be 
over.  Open your shirt now, and submit your chest to me."   David 
opened  his shirt obediently and lay back in his mistress's  lap.  
Madame Hortense proceeded to tickle David's stomach with one hand 
and  his  feet with the other, a double dose  of  tickle-torture.  
David was beside himself with laughter as his mistress danced one 
set  of  her long fingernails over his stomach, while  the  other 
tripped the Light Fantastic over his toes.
     "Are you comfortable, slave?"  she asked sincerely.
     "Yes,"   David   giggled  softly,   "you're   fingers   feel 
marvelous."
     "Do you like to be tickled?"  his mistress inquired.
     "Yes, mistress," he giggled under the weight of her  dancing 
fingers.
     "How much do you like to be tickled?"
     "Very much, mistress."
     "And who do you want to tickle you?
     "Only you, mistress."
     "Do  you promise never to use generic dishwashing liquid  on 
my dishes again?"
     "Yes, mistress."
     "And what's going to happen to you if you do?"
     "You'll tickle me, mistress."
     "And  where will I tickle you?  Identify those  places...and 
I'll tickle you there now."
     "My feet...my toes...my legs...my thighs...my stomach..."
     "And where else will I tickle you ?"
     "My nipples...my armpits...my chin...my cheeks...my ears..."
     Madame  Hortense hadn't missed a beat.  As David  named  the 
places where she liked to tickle him, Madame Hortense tickled him 
exactly  there.  David was out of control with  giggles.   Madame 
Hortense's techniques were excruciatingly exquisite.  His stomach 
ached from being tickled and from laughing.  He could still  feel 
the tingling sensation in his soles long after Madame  Hortense's 
fingers  had left them.  His ears, nipples, and  armpits  tingled 
with excitement.
     "Do you think you've had enough punishment, slave?"   Madame 
Hortense inquired.
     "Oh, no, mistress," David pleaded.
     "Really?!"   she exclaimed in mock surprise.  "Why  I  could 
have sworn you wanted me to stop twenty minutes ago."
     "Please, mistress, may I have more punishment?"
     "What have you done to deserve more punishment?"
     "I  have used generic dishwashing liquid on  your  precious 
dishes and I deserved to be punished severely."
     "What?!   Generic  liquids on my dishes?!  Why  you  naughty 
slave,"   she  exclaimed in mock astonishment, "of  course,  I'll 
punish  you."  And she danced her magic fingers all up  and  down 
David's  body.  The pleasure/torture of her tickling  made  David 
tingle  from head to toe.  He wanted this agony/ecstasy  to  last 
forever.  He sighed deeply and his eyes rolled back into his head 
as  he  surrendered  himself  to  Madame  Hortense's  titillating 
ministerings.   His body was practically numb now, but  he  could 
still  feel the sensations in his mind.  He closed his  eyes  and 
allowed  himself  to be tickled into oblivion.   He  wasn't  even 
aware of the fact that he had lost consciousness ten minutes ago.




















































