     Madame   Hortense  awakened  from  her  nap  to  the   sweet 
sensations  of  David's fingers still busy  about  massaging  her 
feet.  "Are you ready for your test, love?"  she asked.
     "Yes, Mistress," David replied.
     "Did  you  just tickle me,  or was I dreaming?"   she  asked 
suspiciously.
     "You were dreaming, Mistress," David answered.
     Madame  Hortense  cocked her head to one side and  eyed  him 
coolly.  "I'm not so sure.  I think I'd better assess you another 
hour of tickle time just in case I WASN'T dreaming."
     "Please,  Madame Hortense," David begged, "I swear I  didn't 
tickle you!  I was just studying your lovely feet!"
     "Oh, David, I'm only teasing you," his mistress said with  a 
wave of her hand, "can't you take a joke?...I enjoyed your little 
massage,"  she  continued, "you certainly have a way  with  feet.  
Are you ready for your test?"
     "Yes, Mistress, I'm ready," he replied.
     "You've  made  a  thorough  study of  my  feet  in  exacting 
detail?"  she inquired.
     "Yes, Mistress, I have."
     "So  if  I ask you to kiss a specific location on  my  feet, 
you'll know EXACTLY where to kiss me?"
     "Yes, Mistress."
     "All  right, smarty," she said skeptically, "I'll start  you 
off  with an easy one.  I want you to kiss the ball of  my  right 
foot."
     David  bent and kissed the ball of Madame  Hortense's  right 
foot.
     "Very  good,  slave,  I see you've  been  studying,"  Madame 
Hortense was impressed.
     "I have said that I have studied, Mistress."
     "Indeed you have, my love!  Now this one's a toughy.  I want 
you to kiss me on the big toenail of my left foot--right smack in 
the middle."
     David bent once more and applied his lips to his  mistress's 
left big toenail.
     "You're  one centimeter off, slave," she said in  a  clipped 
tone.  "YOU haven't done your homework!"
     "But  I  kissed  you right in the middle  of  your  toenail, 
Madame Hortense!"  David whined.
     "No you didn't," his mistress exclaimed in the same  clipped 
tone.   "And don't you argue with me, young man.  I'll spank  you 
if you argue with me again...and give you a tickling besides!"     
     "But  I was close, wasn't I, Mistress!"  David  pleaded  his 
case, "doesn't close count for something?"
     "Only in horseshoes and hand grenades, my dear.  I fine  you 
one hour of tickle-torture for failing to obey orders...and while 
I'm at it...come lay across my knee!"
     David was terrified.
     "Come, come, come," Madame Hortense command him, as a mother 
would a child.
     David lay resignedly across Madame Hortense's knee.
     "I'm going to give you a spanking for arguing with me."
     WHACK!  
     David  felt the weight of Madame Hortense's  powerful  right 
hand on his buttocks.
     WHACK!
     "Don't  you  ever argue with me again, young  man!   Do  you 
understand?"
     WHACK!
     "I will not tolerate such behavior from my slaves!"
     WHACK!
     "Now lay down on the bed and let me tie you up!  I told  you 
I'd  give you a spanking and a tickling and I meant it!  In  fact 
you've got a LOT of tickling to look forward to.  I'm giving  you 
the tickling you have coming for whistling while doing the dishes 
AND the one you have coming for failing to kiss my big toenail in 
exactly  the spot I told you."  Madame Hortense thought a  minute 
and  then smiled slyly and mused, "In fact...I'm still  not  sure 
you  weren't tickling me in my sleep just now.  I'm giving you  a 
tickling for that, too."
     "But I DIDN'T tickle you," David whined.
     WHACK!
     "Do you want ANOTHER spanking, young man?  I told you  about 
arguing with me.  Now lie down and let me tie you up."
     "But my butt is sore from your spanking," he pleaded.
     "Oh, you're breaking my heart.  LIE DOWN!"
     David  lay resignedly on the bed, his eyes misty with  tears 
as Madame Hortense tied his wrists and ankles to the four  poster 
bed  with ropes.  His sore butt could barely stand to  touch  the 
bed.   Madame Hortense observed her weeping slave and  looked  at 
him pityingly.  
     "Awwwwww,  is Mommy's widdle baby unhappy?  Mommy will  give 
you something to laugh about," and she started tickling his toes.  
"This is for whistling while doing the dishes!"
     David began laughing and crying at the same time.
     "Are you laughing or crying?"  Madame Hortense asked.
     "Both," giggled David through his tears.
     "You're  still  CRYING?  Well, I'll just have  to  give  you 
something  else  to laugh about," his mistress  smiled,  and  she 
tickled the soles of David's feet.  "This is for failing to  kiss 
my  feet  in the exact spot I told you!  Are you  still  crying?"  
his mistress asked inquisitively.
     "HAHAHAHAHA!   No, Mistress.  I love it when you  tickle  my 
feet," laughed David.
     "Well,  kootchy, kootchy, koo," cooed his mistress  and  she 
continued tickling his feet.
     David    was   laughing   hysterically.     The    exquisite 
agony/ecstasy of Madame Hortense's fingers dancing over his soles 
was more than he could stand.
     "Did you know I play piano?"  Madame Hortense inquired.
     "You do?"  David managed quizzically through is laughter.
     "Would  you like to hear my rendition of <<The Flight  of  the 
Bumblebee?">>
     David was puzzled but giggled,  "Sure, Mistress."
     "All  right, slave," she said slyly, "I'm going to play  <<The 
Flight  of  the Bumblebee>>--on the soles of your feet!"   And  she 
started  tickling  David's feet in time with the rhythms  of  <<The 
Flight of the Bumblebee.>>
     "HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!    Stop!    Cut   it   out!  
Please!"  David laughed.
     "Nooooo,"  teased his mistress, "That's your punishment  for 
tickling  me  in  my sleep...besides, I'm  having  FUN.   Why,  I 
haven't played piano in years.  I'd forgotten how much fun it can 
be.  Now for my next selection, <<The Minute Waltz.>>"
     "Oh, no, pleaaaase!"  cried David as Madame Hortense tickled 
his  soles  in  time  with <<The  Minute  Waltz,  >>"Can't  you  play 
something slower?"
     "Suure,  I  can  take  requests,"  exclaimed  his   mistress 
generously, "What would you like me to play?"
     "How about <<The Dead March,>>" chuckled David.
     "A  Chopin freak in the audience, eh!  All right,  <<The  Dead 
March!>>"  and  she hammered out the rhythms of <<The Dead  March  >>on 
David's helpless soles.  
     But  the  slow,  heavy, insistent tempo of  <<The  Dead  March >> 
proved to be no relief from tickle-torture for David.  In fact he 
found  the  slower pace even more titillating.   "How  about  <<The 
Battle  Hymn  of the Republic!>>"  he giggled.   His  mistress  had 
managed  to tickle him silly.  She obliged him with his  request.  
"Glory,   Glory,  Hallelujah!"   David  sang  between   senseless 
giggles.
     "Oh,  you're  really getting SILLY  now,"  exclaimed  Madame 
Hortense.  "Any more requests, slave?  I have lots of songs in my 
repertoire."
     "How about <<War of 1812,>>" he giggled.
     "You  silly boy," she chided as she thrashed out the <<War  of 
1812 Overture >>on his toes, tickling them rapidly when she got  to 
the  parts where the cannons go off.  She then switched  to  some 
popular  music, doing a rendition of <<What I Say, >>by Ray  Charles, 
on the tops of her slave's feet, <<Pretty Woman, >>by Roy Orbison, on 
his  ankles,  and  <<Get Ready, >>by the Temptations  on  his  soles.  
"I've  never had a slave who makes me feel the way that  you  do, 
you're outta sight!"  she sang along with her tickling,  stopping 
on the words "get ready" and starting up again on "'cause here  I 
come".   David  was beside himself with laughter  not  just  from 
being  tickled, but from seeing his mistress  genuinely  enjoying 
herself.   She  seemed so happy performing her  pretend  recital.  
She had completely forgotten she was supposed to be punishing him 
and  had  gotten  completely caught up in the  enjoyment  of  her 
"piano  playing",  laughing, singing, and serenading  her  slave.  
She  finished off her recital with an encore performance  of  <<The 
Flight of the Bumblebee.>>
     "That's what I call SOLE music," David laughed.
     "Silly boy," Madame Hortense chided tickling his foot with a 
flourish, "you're not supposed to be enjoying this; this is  your 
punishment.   Have  you  no  better sense  that  to  enjoy  being 
punished?   Can you not recognize tickle-torture when it's  being 
administered?"
     David only smiled.
     "Oh,  David,"  she said with a half shrug,  "whatever  am  I 
going to do with you?"
     "How  about another piano recital, Madame Hortense?"   David 
said eagerly.
     "Oh, all right," replied his mistress in mock disgust,  "but 
on one condition; you have to play ME a recital this weekend when 
YOU take over."
     "Deal,"  agreed  David,  "let's shake on  it."   And  Madame 
Hortense shook David's right foot with her right hand to seal the 
agreement.  "You're in for a real treat this weekend,  Mistress," 
David said.
     "I can hardly wait," said Madame Hortense with a smile.
     
