Archive-name: Bondage/hosepip2.txt
Archive-author: Cound Alucard
Archive-title: Hosepipe - Part 2


  After a bit, Angela noticed I wasn't paying attention and decided to
change tack.  She removed the pole and retied my limbs from being around
the tree to more broom handles.  Half by my squirming, half by pulling
on my hair, she got me over to the still empty paddling pool and secured 
me so I was streached out face upwards with my legs and arms spread wide
by the poles.  Gagging me with the long discarded swimming briefs, she
sat astride my stomach, bounced up and down a bit, then got to work on my
nipples with her jagged fingernails.

  Unfortunatly, what with her teasing, tickling and taunting me, leaning
forwards so her breasts were opposite my eyes then slapping me if I moved,
she couldn't see behind her.  Unfortunatly I say because when she leant
backwards she was surprised to feel the length of my now flagpole-like 
penis against her crotch.  Having slid forwards again, she turned to see
what it was, blushed with anger then screwed up her fist and hit me, as
hard as she could, bruising my cheekbone and giving me a black eye.

  This did not please me.  I spat the gag out and swore at her, accusing
her of not keeping promises and telling her to wash me off and let me go.
Angela sprang up and stood there, shaking with adrenaline, then sprinted
off to the house.  I lowered my voice, not wanting the adults to find me
like this and, being unable to slip her excessive knots, I remained where
I was trying to free the poles from the objects she had attached them to.

  Sauntering back about ten minutes later, lugging a bag, she knelt beside
me, kissed me and said she would keep her promise.  Producing some liquid
soap she got the hose and gently started to wash off the caked blood from
my thin, slightly tanned body.  While she massaged my limbs I rested my
head on the inflated rubbed edge of the pool and relaxed.  Surprisingly
her attitude seemed to have changed.  She no longed minded my erection
when she cleaned that part of my body.  The only thing she said about it
was that she had plans.  I was too far gone to take much notice.

  Cleaning my buttocks she ran her soapy fingers down my crack then gently
rubbed a fingertip back and forth over the entrance to my passage.  Relaxed
as I was it slipped right in.  Bushwacked!  I recon she must have had some
sort of fixation.  Pushing her finger further in then bending it round she
started massaging me from the inside.  Then, when my Nelson's column was
sufficiently at attention, she straddled my body and lowered herself down.
Hooking the crotch of her suit to one side she rubbed at herself for a bit
with the hose, then lowered herself and inch at a time.  My poor prick felt
like a wolf in a storm, creeping into an apparently welcoming fire lit
cave, but still unsure of his reception.

  Finally managing to sit down, hugging my animal better than any fur coat,
she started to rock back and forth.  I started to get twitches from the
soap left inside me by her fingers and bucked up and down for a bit.
Losing her grim expression, Angela started to wave her arm around like a
cowgirl in a rodeo, thashing every which way and twisting her hips, daring 
me to throw her.  Soon though, tired by my earlier ordeal, I stopped.
Angela continued for a bit, then pouted.  Suddenly her face lit up and she 
climbed off me.
 "Everytime I treat you badly," she explained, "you get hard."
 "Uh oh," I thought.
  Producing a baloon from her bag she filled it with soapy water then put
it in my mouth.  Having learnt from the last attempt, she secured it in
with tape and warned me not to burst it or recieve a mouth of soap.
Next  she emptied the water from the pool and turned the tap to full hot.
As soon as she started running it in the pool, I arched my back, lifting
my body clear.  When she had sufficient in the pool she turned the water
down to slow and warm.  Then, standing on the opposite side of the pool
to my head, she stripped and started to clean herself.

  By totally arching my twelve year old body and leaning my head back,
I found I could watch her between my legs.  She was alternating between
wiping sweat off and shooting water up her cunt.  Then she lay back on
the grass, spread her legs wide and pushed the snake like hose down into
her mythic whirlpool.  The hose had a larger radius than my statue of
liberty and she gave small grunts each time she worked it further in,
water flowing prodigiously as mead of inspiration.  She seemed to be
trying to expand her tunnel, though why I was not sure.  When satisified 
she goto up, measured a distance of thirty paces back, then started to run.
I mentioned earlier that she was a gymnast; well, she started into one of
her series of flic-flacs.  I recognised this particular exercise, which
scared the hell out of me, since it was the one that ended with a landing
that carried on down to the splits.  Towards me she charged, and of course
as she neared I flinched and landed in the water - as she had planned, the
two-timing, no-good, double-crossing dastardly bitch.  Landing with a peel
of laughter several feet beyond the pool, she came back over and mounted
me.  This time, I dared not flag.  I had been briefly scalded when I landed
and the steam reminded me each time she drove down on my fleshy arch.

  I was getting into this, the cramp tension from my limbs adding to the
various aches and burns, not forgetting the rapidly increasing liquid 
feeling from the soap inside my butt, when a wave of numbness swept from
somewhere inside my pelvis to my brain and I saw a disgusted look on
Angela's face as spurts of searing sperm slid from her slippery snatch.
She got off me and cleaned her self out with the hose.  Leaning over to the
side I carefully burst her gag so the water went out of my mouth not in,
then asked her to clean out the soap at the same time.  Still highly 
turned on and unsatisified, Angela came over rearranged my bonds, so my
arms were tied behind my back, my legs were held apart and my body was
on its front in the now cooler water of the pool.  Then she took the
squeezy bottle of soap, held it before my face and, ignoring my pleadings,
sent a whole cup full of stinging runny liquid jetting up my ass.  Working
in one finger, then two, she informed me that I would have to promise to
lick her to a finish before she would help me.  

  Well, a close up view of her hole was what I had been trying to get all
along.  I agreed (well, yelled out OK, which is a type of agreement), and
she took the hose, which was still gently running, and held it against my
anus.  Widened by her fingers it easily moved in five inches.  With this
I was comfortable and started to let out the horrid soap.  Then I
discovered why she had added the extra lubrication.  Rotating the hose one
direction then in the other, she started to increase the pressure.  I leant
forwards to get away but there was no escape. With a little shove, the hose
inside me bent and opening up some clenched muscles inside me, then rammed
the same length again further in.  The silly thing was, I couldn't stop it
because I had to keep straining to let the water out.  How Angela knew the
effect it would have, I could only speculate.  Still, she must have gotten
bored those long summers in this remote house, with only garden tools to
experiment around with.  Angela took some string and tied the hose in place
so it couldn't be pushed out.  

  She sat down infront of me and hooked her legs over my neck, holding my
head in a scissor grip, pointed at her groin and commanded lick.  I licked.
As she got nearer her point of no return the grip became stronger and
I started to have breathing difficulties.  The water pouring from my behind
was making the level in the pool rise.  It was already at my chin.  Every
time I got aroused and my anus contracted, my colon started to fill with
water and stretch until I had to release it.  Further more, the muscles
in my rear were becoming fatigued from continually straining to keep my
hole open.  The water level rose above my mouth.  I now couln't complain.
My tongue frantically worked inside her, trying to bring her to completion
before I drowned.  She groaned and rolled her hips.  I was hyperventilating
through my nose.  My body slammed in the water like a minnow being chased
by a pike.  I started to take in water.  My agitation had caused me to be
profoundly aroused, which tender lower fin was banging against the rubber
bottom of the pool.  I couldn't breath.  I rammed my nose against her and
bit her clitoris.  She closed my windpipe and as I lost consciousness we
came.

  (c) 1992 Cound Alucard
--
