Archive-name: Bondage/hostile2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Hostile Takeover (2)


     And that's how Sonia and Evelyn find me, bound spread-eagle in
the doorway, when they call Lena for breakfast.

     Both girls are freshened up from their exertions and
excitingly clad in outfits that leave me groaning with desire.  And
I'm still in misery an hour later, after Lena leaves and they come
back for me.

     "Please."  I beg.  "I've told you what you wanted.  Please let
me go."

     WHACK!

     Sonia smacks my poor tender bottom with a bent up coat hanger
and snarls:

     "Yeah!  Real cute!  Only your boss' files are no good without
your personal counter-code.  Now, do you want to give us that, or
do I give you more of this?"

     WHACK!WHACK!

     I hadn't counted on this.  I knew all along that they wouldn't
get any of the really important stuff without James Parry's
counter-codes (which I had just changed), but I figured by the time
they caught on to that, I'd be long gone.  Only now they want the
rest of it, and I wonder what they'll do to get it.

     WHACK!WHACK!WHACK!!!!!

     Suddenly, Evelyn is close in front of me.  Excitingly close,
teasing and caressing as she whispers:

     "Tell you what:  just give us the codes and you can have us
both.  Mmmmmm, I can tell that excites you.  Well?  NO!  What's the
matter?  Don't you want us?"

     "I'll bet he prefers guys!"  Sonia giggles.

     "Is that it?"  Evelyn nuzzles my neck.  "Would you like us to
pretty you up and bring in a couple of men to party with you?"

     "No!  No please!  Just pleeese let me go!"

     "No way, Sweetie!"  Sonia says.  "You're just too sweet and
sexy for us to ever let loose!"

     Tell you what," Evelyn smiles, "how about if I give you some
nice clothes to wear?  Then will you tell us?"

     "Wh-What kind of C-Clothes?"

     "You'll see, Sweetie!"

     They release my arms and lace my hands tightly into a single
mitten, bent up behind me and tethered to a tight leather collar
around my neck.

     Sonia unties my ankles from the door frame and leads me over
to the same chair I was tied in last night.  Now, however, I must
kneel in front of it and put my face in the seat while Evelyn
busies herself above me, lacing a strong leather belt crushingly
tight around my waist.

     "Now let's see about putting you in a nice position," she
muses.

     A stout leather cord runs down from the front of the belt,
through my crotch, and up between my ass-cheeks, through a metal
ring at the back, then down to the fetters at my ankles.

     "See how cute!"  Evelyn teases.  "It keeps you kneeling
sweetly, showing off your breasts and butt for your future
boyfriends."

     "Please...not that...I couldn't face..."

     "You won't have to face it."  Sonia puts blinders over my
eyes.  Now, not another word until we give you permission to tell
us the counter-codes."

     And she clamps my tongue in a strong leather clip, forcing me
to hold open my mouth and stick out my tongue.

     Blind, immobilized, and totally vulnerable, I kneel on the
carpeted floor...hear the clicks of Sonia approaching me from
behind in her high heels...smell her perfume...hear the terrifying
"Swissh!" of the paddle...and then...

     SMACK!

     It's awful.  By now my poor ass is so sensitive that any
contact at all is sheer agony.  And Sonia is pounding me with all
her strength!

     "NNNLLRRGGHHH!"

     I want to beg for mercy, but the tongue clamp makes my speech
totally unintelligible.

     "What was that?"  Sonia asks sweetly.  "Did you say <SMACK!>
you want to give us those codes?"

     Yes, yes!  I thought. I'll tell you anything, everything!

     But all that came out was "Gggglleffffhhhgg!"

     "Sounds to me like he's asking for more of this treatment." 
Evelyn smirks from somewhere across the room.

     SMACK!

     "Gloobahgh!  Gloobagh!"

     "Hear that?  He said he wants to be all pretty for his
boyfriends!"

     "How sweet," Evelyn laughs, "let's get started."

     The maddening tongue clamp remains in place...but that's all,
as the gleeful tormentresses replace my ankle cuffs with silk
stockings, tied tightly around my ankles and thighs.  My leather
belt and mitten are exchanged for a strong red taffeta apron,
lashing my wrists behind me..and my head is bent painfully back by
an ingenious ribbon arrangement that laces in my hair and upper
arms, pulling my shoulders back and chest out as Sonia tugs
playfully on the free end.

     Evelyn leans back against a mirror, legs spread wide.

     "Know why we took off the blinders, pet?"  she teases.  "So
you can see how sweet you look.  Crawl up between my legs now, and
get a good look at yourself, you little Sissy!"

     It's horrid!  Smooth-skinned, hair-ribboned, and ass-nude
except for that humiliating apron, I crawl to the commands of these
cruel dominas..and worse yet, they make sure that beneath the apron
I'm still embarrassingly erect, teasing me with their lush bodies
and the smooth, rustling taffeta over my privates until I could
weep with shame.

     "Hmmm," Sonia muses brightly, "if just this apron gets him all
excited, I wonder what a little more feminization will do for him?"

     "One way to find out!"  Evelyn laughs.

     Laughing merrily, they deck me out in crushingly tight pink
silk panties... thigh length dark hose... see-through peach-colored
nightie.  Black satin garterbelt... black patent pumps with six
inch heels, painfully small... a strong black waist cinch laced
breathtakingly snug about my middle... Evelyn pulls this as tight
as she can, then ties my elbows to it with ribbons.

     Now they start in on me with makeup:  Eye shadow and long,
dark lashes... Eyebrows plucked into a high quizzical arch...
rouged cheeks... bright red lipstick in a cute pout... shimmering
curls in my hair... and earrings.

     Now they dress themselves in revealing swimsuits, with high-
cut bottoms and low-cut tops that spill out their abundant charms. 
Sonia is just fastening her tiny bra for maximum effect, when
Evelyn removes my tongue clamp -- at last! -- and leads me up to
her.

     "Look at you!"  Sonia sneers, "aren't you just sooo sweeet!"

     "Well?"  Evelyn prompts.  "Are you ready to give us what we
want?  Or do we call in every guy and gal in your office to see you
like this?"

     "Yeah!"  Sonia adds, "I hear there's going to be a big
Stockholder's Meeting in a few days.  Would you like us to parade
you around in front of them this way?"

     The Stockholder's Meeting! I think, Maybe there's a chance for
ma after all!  If I can just give these fiends what they asked for
and find out who the mysterious `Gwendolyn' is behind all this,
then maybe, just maybe, I can get back to my normal appearance and
show everyone at the meeting the lengths this person (whoever it
is) has gone to, to get control of the company.  It's my only hope!

     "Pease!" I say, "I-I know I'm in no position to make deals
with you... but if you'll just promise to let me go before that
meeting... and tell me who you're working for... I'll tell you
everything you want to know and I'll pay you twice whatever you're
getting now!"

     And, to my surprise, they accept!

     I spend the next few hours at the vanity table, writing out
the last access codes and account numbers I know. Then they make me
sign "my boss'" name (actually my own!) to various documents.

     "Of Course,"  Sonia explains, "Once these papers are taken to
Court, the handwriting analysis will show their forged -- and that
you did them!  But by that time, we'll have taken everything we
need from your boss' Stocks, Bank Accounts, even his apartment!

     I try to disguise my own handwriting, but they have me sign so
many, many things that... when I finally finish, I've given up
almost everything I own to these women... but I keep telling myself
I can get it all back if I just get to that meeting.  And this
looks like my only way of doing it!

     But the release I hoped for so desperately doesn't come! 
Instead, Sonia gathers up all the papers and takes them off "to
show Gwendolyn" while Evelyn changes into a form-fitting leather
cat-suit and proceeds to lace a curious pair of satin gloves up my
arms, nearly to my shoulders.

     "You'll like these," she smiles, "they have eyelets, laces,
and snaps all over, so I can put those soft, weak arms of yours in
dozens of positions -- see?'

     She laces them cruelly behind me, so that my elbows nearly
touch.  Then she changes my silken corset and stockings for leather
ones.

     "But-but I thought you were going to let me go!" I protest.

     "This is what you get for thinking!" She straps a leather gag
between my teeth!

     As she moves about me, changing my bondage, her soft leather
costume keeps brushing over my bare shoulders and chest, her gloved
fingers toy with my nipples and tickle my armpits teasingly ...

     "Whew!" She says at last. "This cat-suit is hot! I'm really
working up a sweat in here.  Hope you appreciate it, because I'm
doing it just to get it ready for you!"

     Does she really mean to put me into that?  I want to scream,
but all I can do is drool helplessly into the leather strap as
Evelyn undresses before my eyes.

     "Time for me to freshen up," she says, "and you can help."

     She lays me on the carpet .. none too gently! .. and
rearranges my bonds ("See how handy this is?") until my legs and
arms are braced beneath me, arching my chest upwards.  She stands
over me for a minute then, an incredible sight in heels, hose, and
garterbelt, proceeds to use me as her makeup bench!

     "Mmmm," she sighs, running a comb through her raven black
tresses.  "You sure are comfy with that smooth chest of yours."

     She wiggles her bare bottom across it for emphasis until I
think I'll faint with desire, either that or shame!

     "But just wait till Sonia and I make it even cushier!  Oh,
there she is now.  Back already. Nice as this is, I'd better get
dressed."

     "How'd it go darling?'

     Evelyn kisses her girlfriend passionately as they meet.  From
my position on the floor, the sight of them -- Evelyn in sensuous
lingerie and Sonia, her hair in a bun, wearing a clinging silk
dress, embracing like that -- is overpowering!

     "Perfect!"  Sonia smirks down at me when they finally break
for air.  "Gwendolyn says we have everything we need, and the
signatures James here put on those forms worked just fine at his
boss' bank.  There was no problem at his lawyer's office either. 
And I see you've started putting him  in the Transformation
Outfit!"

     They rearrange my bonds yet again, so that I stand helpless
before them.  Evelyn takes the gag from my mouth and plants a long,
deep kiss (just like she'd given Sonia) on my lips.

     "Not a word from you now," she cautions.  "Just stand there
and think about how your boss will know you've betrayed him, James! 
Only it'll be too late for either of you to do anything about it!"

     "He'll return from vegas to find himself locked out of his
computer files, his bank accounts drained, credit cards
cancelled... even his cars and apartment gone!  And he'll know that
you were responsible!"

     Of course, they don't know they're actually talking to the guy
they've done this to... they still think I'm just James Parry! 
But, as they outline all they've done to me, I can't help a shiver
of dread!

     But, as they talk, they are encasing me in, bit by bit, in
Evelyn's leather cat-suit!

     "That's right James, you're the fall guy in this whole
takeover bid.  You could go to jail for years for what you've done. 
Wouldn't that be fun?  A nice sweet femmish thing like you, locked
up in prison with all those bad boys."

     "I think the idea excites him."  Sonia strokes my chest and
giggles at the straining bulge in the terribly tight leather
panties they laced on me.

     "Well, were going to keep you out of jail, James."  Evelyn
begins lacing a multi-layered punishment hood over my head.  "We'll
keep the authorities from finding you... in fact, when we're
through, no one will even recognize you...."

     Her last words are muffled by flaps over my ears.

     Sightless, deaf, hampered, and totally helpless, I feel them
urge me this way and that with cruel slaps to my bottom as they
cover me in layer after layer of tight leather...

     Gradually, inexorably, I feel myself growing more and more
encased in leather.  Cut off from sight and sound, able to feel
only muted physical contact through my strong, supple covering, it
seems my sense of touch grows more and more intense... or maybe
it's my imagination!

     Whatever the case, I seem to feel silken lingerie brush
against my hidebound form as someone (Sonia?) laces me into what
feels like a leather dress!  It keeps my legs straight, arms
extended, bent forward with my chest out and bottom protruding...
and I even feel something odd against my hampered arms -- almost
like breasts!

     Time slowly loses meaning for me as I feel myself suspended in
some bizarre arrangement -- for how long?  I have no way of
knowing.  All I know is the touch of female hands on my helpless
form as Sonia and Evelyn remove bits and pieces of my leather
cocoon now and again to attend to my needs.

     Creams and lotions rubbed on my skin, some bland, medicinal
tasting goo they feed me with, smarting injections in my chest and
ass, and humiliating enemas.

     With my heightened sense of touch, it almost seems I can tell
what they're wearing... is that a low-cut leather dress with tight
skirt and bodice?... a bare breast on my face as Evelyn administers
another shot?

     One thing I know I can feel: the mocking eyes and cruel smiles
of my sexy captresses as they ply and mould my body to their whims
and wishes!  I can't hear, yet my ears ring with taunting remarks
and giggles of amusement at my plight.

     And the feeling of being watched -- constantly watched -- like
some animal in a laboratory!

     But the day of my release comes at last!  I feel myself being
lowered from my suspension, and, bit by bit, the layers of leather
unlaced and peeled from my body until I can stand up and remove the
rest myself.

     "Okay," Sonia said. "You're ready to meet Gwendolyn!"

     Meet Gwendolyn!  But-But I never planned on... Quickly I
remove the blindfold from my eyes.

     And gasp -- through my gag! -- at the sight that meets me in
the mirrored walls!  It's a female!  A woman!  With big rounded
breasts and buttocks bubbling out of her leather casing.  But, this
can't be me!

     Sonia is talking to someone, off in a corner, someone whose
dark suit seems vaguely familiar.  But they have their backs to me,
and I'm too busy peeling off the layers of leather clothing, hoping
against hope that what I see is just an illusion!

     Whew!  There, inside the silk panties, I at least find
evidence of my manhood -- much smaller than I remembered, but at
least it's there!

     But that's scant consolation as my disbelieving eyes take in
the rest of me!  Massive breasts, firm and well-shaped... soft
round bottom, all pink and swollen, now covered by the wispiest of
silk panties... long, gorgeous legs... beneath the tight rubber
bathing cap, a cute face, long-lashed eyes wide with wonder at the
sight...
          I'm still paralyzed with shock at my transformation when
Evelyn steps up behind me and ties my wrists and elbows together.

     "There now," she smiles, running her eyes over my displayed
figure, "you're all set to meet Gewndolyn."

     Suddenly the dark-clad man in the corner turns to me, smiling. 
And my tummy flutters in amazement -- it's James Parry!

     "Surprised to see me, Sweet?"  He walks over, staring lewdly
at me until I blush several shades of red, totally humiliated at
being seen -- like this! -- by a mere subordinate... and a swishing
fairy to boot!

     "You though I was in vegas, eh?"  He steers me over to a
vanity table and seats me down on an odd stool, securing my ankles
to it before loosening my gag.  "Actually, I've been here the whole
time... stage managing all this."

     "James!" Lips free at last, I sputter in indignation.  "So
you're GWENDOLYN!"

     "Wrong, Darling," he removes my bathing cap and sets little
hooks in my short blonde hair as he explains.  "I'm Kibo, YOU'RE
Gwendolyn! A cute, little, oh-so-feminine serving girl!  You'll
look so sweet when we get you decked out in the blonde wig and the
short black silk Maid's Outfit; I even have a little cap and apron
for you!"

     "B-But why?"  I shiver helplessly as his soft hands bust
themselves all over me. "I always tried to be nice to you!  Why do
you hate me so?"

     "Actually, I kind of like you,"  he says, matter-of-factly. 
"Even though I knew right from the start that I could do a much
better job running the Company than you could.  So I arranged this
little Take-Over as a sort of Retirement Plan for you;  You'll lose
your job, of course, just as you've lost everything else you own,
soon as the Stockholder's Meeting gets underway.  But you'll have
whole new career lined up -- as My Serving Girl!"

     It just gets worse every minute!

     James pins a soft blonde wig in my hair... puts me in a black
net foundation that emphasizes my breast and butt shamelessly...
then proceeds to lace me into a crushingly tight corset!

     Evelyn, dressed bizarrely in a low-cut black silk blouse and
tan leather jodhpurs, holds me still as James continues my
transformation.

     "Don't you look darling?"  she teases.  "I've heard of top
executives having a golden parachute, but Honey, yours is going to
be black satin!"

     "B-But you promised," I fight back tears of humiliation.  "You
said you'd see to it that I made it to the Stockholder's Meeting!"

     "And so you shall," she smiles wickedly.

     And so I do.

     Dressed as a docile little Maid, in a tight skirt of black
satin, with matching blouse, and a cute little apron and cap!

     Perched on painfully uncomfortable high heels, I must stand
dutifully by and watch James sell himself into my old position...
with the help of just about everyone I ever trusted! I just watch,
praying that I won't be recognized as he picks up all the marbles. 
I'm afraid to even speak!

     Then, afterwards, I have to circulate among the big-wigs,
serving drinks while Evelyn keeps a close eye discreetly on me,
just hoping for any signs of rebellion.

     But I work quietly and dutifully, like a good little Maid,
serving and smiling, and enduring lewd little pats and sly pinches
as I make my way among the successful men and women who fill the
room.

     At last it's over, and James, Sonia, and Evelyn gather around
me.

     "Well, Little One," James leers, "what now?  Are you ready to
become my obedient Maid?  Do you want to go back to Sonia and
Evelyn?  Or shall we find something else for you?"

     "P-Please," I stammer, "I don't want to go back with them! 
And I just couldn't be your Maid!  Isn't there something else? 
Some other way?"

     "Well,"  James rubs his chin thoughtfully, "there might...
say," He turns to Sonia and Evelyn. "Do you girls still have that,
uh, thing on for tomorrow?"

     "Sure do," Sonia beams, "remember you-know-who?  She'll be
there."

     "Perfect!" James exclaims, turns back to me. "How's this; in
exchange for a certain small consideration, I'll fix it so that you
don't have to serve me or Sonia or Evelyn here!"

     "Uh," heart pounding underneath my satin blouse, I squirm
uncertainly, "uh-what's the consideration?"

     "I merely want you to sign over all of your remaining assets
to us, to dispose of in any manner we wish."

     I consider this quickly; let's see, they've already taken my
job and everything I own!  What more could they want from me? 
Well, whatever it is...

     "That can't be much,"  I say at last, "all right, I'll sign
whatever you wish."

                         The next day...

     "Step right up!"  Evelyn, wearing a kinky leather ensemble,
calls out to the bizarrely-dressed crowd, "Lot Number Three:
Gwendolyn!"

     She gooses me, and I jump and blush furiously, feeling the
eyes of this outre crowd devour my scantily-clad form.  All I have
on is hose, heels, a waist cinching garterbelt, and a cute little
hair ribbon!  My breasts, butt, and everything else is uncovered,
and I try desperately to shield my tiny male genitals --
embarrassingly erect -- from the laughing crowd.  Fortunately, my
hands are bound in front of me in a single mitten, so I have at
least this shred of modesty!

     So this is what harold meant when he spoke of "disposing of my
remaining assets!"  I'd already lost my role in life, my house,
clothes and cars, my stocks and savings accounts.. even my former
masculine shape!  So the only thing left was...

     "This curvy feminine body," Evelyn extols my assets to the
crowd. "Used to belong to a wealthy and powerful Male! Look at her
now! Helpless, feminine, and butt-naked!  Imagine the fun you'll
have, bending and molding him even further to your will!"

     "But there's more!" Sonia, dressed in a skimpy bikini, pipes
up from the crowd and grins wickedly at me.

     "Oh yes!"  Evelyn adds.  "This slave on my left: LENA! She's
a former employee of gwendolyn here, betrayed by him, back when he
used to look more manly, and now trapped into slavery... thanks to
him!  Think what fun you could have if you buy them both, watching
her make her ex-male, ex-boss pay for this fix she's in!"

     Standing stoically next to me, Lena shoots me a dead-pan look
that send shivers all over my bare body!

     "Sounds interesting," James calls out, "but I only want the
blonde!"

     "I want them both!" another man now. "It would be a kick to
watch this former man turned into the female slave of a female
slave!"

     "Now, now," Evelyn replies. "They're sold individually, not as
a set!  What am I offered for Gwendolyn here?"

     "Five Thousand!" the man calls out.

     I wait for James to bid, but he says nothing!

     "Please," I beg him. "Don't let that man buy me and put me
with Lena.  She'll kill me!"

     "What's that, Sweetie?" he teases, "I can't hear you!"

     So I have to squat down there one the stage, barely able to
balance in the heels, feeling my tits and ass jiggle and sway
wildly as I plead.

     "Hmmm," he grins even wider, "you certainly do beg prettily! 
But I thought you said you `just couldn't' serve me!"

     "Oh, but I can!  I will!"  I realize that I'm begging for my
very life here.  

     "I'll serve you oh-so-sweetly Master, and let you show me off
to your friends and u-use my breasts and b-bottom and lips and just
be devoted to you!  Please let me work for you! Please, Sir!"

     "You know," he says, "that sounds kind of familiar!  And you
were going to let me work for you -- weren't you?  Tell you what:
get up and dance for everyone, so I can get a good look at how
silly and feminine you are now.  Dance real pretty, and I'll see
about bidding for you."

     Terrified, desperate, I stand up and start dancing about,
kicking up my long, shapely legs, shaking my wide feminine hips
wildly, puckering up my pouty, red lips into a ribald kiss, and
trying to forget how much of myself I'm showing off to everyone...
trying to ignore the howls and laughter every time they get a
glimpse of my tiny man-parts... trying as hard as I can to make
this little faggot want to *OWN* me!

     The bidding increases and I dance even harder, the noise of
the laughing crowd ringing in my ears as my long blonde hair
swishes about my bare shoulders...

     "SOLD!"

                             THE END
--
