Archive-name: Bondage/hostil1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Hostile Takeover


This story contains bondage, female domination, and forced feminization.
If you don't like that scene, move along.


Here's a good one kiddies.  I had a good friend of mine have this
`autobiographical' written for me by the person involved. Enjoy.

                          *********

     I should make one thing clear from the start: I didn't hold
being gay against James Parry.  Sure, a few people laughed and
snickered at the way he minced around the offices in his bizarre
black clothes, with his carefully styled dark hair, his silly
beard, earrings, and those ridiculous tinted glasses.. And I guess
from time to time I joined in the fun and made a crack or two at
his expense.  But I always figured that a man's personal life is
his own business, and James was a good employee, so it never
occurred to me to let him go.

     Until that scene in my office.

     And what a scene it was!

     James Parry stood before me, red-faced, head hung low,
positively quaking with embarrassment, unable even to meet my eyes.

     And no wonder!

     The tale he'd just told, of masochism, bondage, and betrayal
was shameful enough, but when he said some Dominatrix was
pressuring him to give away company secrets -- perhaps even lever
me out of my CEO position -- I could see that the matter would
require some careful thought.

     "Just who is this-this Dominatrix?" I asked, "And who's she
working for?  It must be somebody here in the Corporation if
they're trying to get my job."

     "Her name's Gwendolyn,"  He mumbled, almost on the verge of
tears. "And that's all I know about her ... I've never even seen
her without a mask on ... but this weekend she's arranged to have
two friends of hers give me the Works!"

     It took a lot of careful questioning to get all the details
out of James without breaking him down completely.  But I finally
managed it.

     Apparently, "Gwendolyn" had ordered James to spend his
upcoming vacation at the secluded house of two "friends" of hers,
sister dominas, who had a genuine love of humiliating men.  There,
he was told, they would pressure him to give them enough inside
information on my dealings to lever me out at the Stockholder's
Meeting .. Which was next week!

     James had never met these women before, so they had no
connection with the Corporation, but they would obviously be in on
the secret of Gwendolyn's true identity!

     And he knew, he told me, that once they got him, he'd be
unable to keep from betraying me!

     "Please," he begged contritely, "I-I know this is all well ...
but I want to work for you, Sir. I do, really! Please let me keep
my job here with you!"

     Well, it would have been a simple enough matter to just fire
James and change a few key bank numbers and access codes.  But I
needed more.  I needed to find out who was behind this and how much
she knew already ... who she was working with and why.

     And I thought I knew how!

     An hour later I had James's drivers license and he had a
reservation for a week in Vegas at my expense -- I figured it was
the least I could do as a parting gift for a guy who didn't know I
was going to fire him!

     I gave instructions to Lena, me sexy black secretary, that she
was to be prepared for some strange happenings in the next few
days, but to "just go along with it ... whatever!" and she meekly
agreed.  So I was all set!

                            *********

     "Let's just make sure we've got this straight, Mr. Parry,"
Evelyn Astin, dark-haired and voluptuous in a tight sweater and
short skirt, regarded me evenly through vivid green eyes as her
sister Sonia -- a petite blonde with a mischievous smile -- giggles
in the background.  "You agree to enter our service, totally and
unconditionally, for a period of two days.  During that time, we
shall attempt to extract certain information from you.  If at the
end of two days, you have not told us what we wish to know -- if
you have not given us enough information to lever your boss out of
his position at the next Stockholder's Meeting, then we shall free
you completely and return to you everything that `Gwendolyn' has
used to keep you in her power."

     "That's right," I nod, thinking carefully as I look around the
deceptively ordinary seeming room: two days!  That's still leave me
a couple of days before the Stockholder's Meeting!  This was going
to call for some tricky timing!

     But I could handle it.

     "Very well," Evelyn smiles sweetly and runs a soft hand down
my chest, toying with my shirt buttons.  "So now; let's concentrate
on you!"

     And suddenly I'm knocked sprawling to the floor!

     All at once. they're atop me, Sonia gripping my wrists and
pinning my head to the floor with her shapely bottom, while Evelyn
proceeds to remove my pants!

     "Might as well start your servitude here and now!" She says,
planting a silk-stockinged knee in my stomach, "And these would
just get in the way!"

     "Hold still!"  Sonia titters as struggle for air, "Oooo! That
feels naughty!"  She wiggles her pantied rear across my face for
emphasis and gives a little moan of pleasure.  "Stop that!
(wiggle!) Mmmmm.  Stop now!  (Bounce!) Stop!"

     Evelyn has my pants of by now and is admiring my legs.

     "Look how shapely!" She beams.

     "And so smooth!" Sonia agrees. She holds up one of my arms,
twisting the fingers to ensure cooperation, "And look, no hair here
either!"

     "Hmmm," Evelyn muses, "Do you suppose our slave shaves his
body all hairless and feminine?"

     Well I had shaved my body -- because I figured these two
bitches would have learned from "Gwendolyn" that James kept his
body shaved! But now they think ...

     "Well, Slave?" Sonia asks, "Do you keep yourself all smooth
and lady-like? Answer me! (Bounce!) Do you!

     "Mmmmphflggh!" I answer.

     Slowly, methodically, Sonia and Evelyn proceed to strip off my
clothing, teasing me about my body as they do.

     "Look how smooth and silky our slave's complexion is! And his
color! Why, it's a perfect Peach Pink!"

     "Watch his nipples stand up when I rub them!"

     "Hmmm, that's not all that stands up! (giggle!) Let me just
pitch away these rags ... he obviously won't need them!"

     Dreadfully embarrassed, I watch Sonia cart off my clothes as
Evelyn's hands roam over my nakedness.

     Keep calm, I tell myself, it's only for a few days ... and
then I'll be calling the shots! Why, I'll make these bitches...

     "Hey!" Evelyn titters, "What's the idea of poking me with that
thing?"

     Suddenly her face hardens. And her grip!

     With a firm grasp, Evelyn leads me nude into the bedroom and
flings me onto the bed!  Swiftly, she doffs her sweater and skirt
and climbs atop me. Somehow, despite my fear, I can't help being
excited by the cool satin sheets beneath me and the warm silken
body above!  She notices my arousal and rolls me onto my stomach.

     Go along with it, I repeat over and over in my mind, just for
a while ...

     "Show some modesty in the presence of a Lady!" She sneers,
pinning my arm with a smooth thigh.

     Then she entwines my neck with her warm arms.

     "Now talk!" she barks, "What are the computer access codes? 
The bank account numbers?"

     "Gowk-ulk!" I choke, "Kow-wuk!"

     I couldn't say anything if I'd wanted to!  Surely she must
know that!  But Evelyn just smiles.

     "Still want to be stubborn, eh?  Well by the time we get
through with you, you'll beg us to let you talk! Sonia, sweetie?
Would you be a dear and take of your stockings for us?"

     I moan and struggle, feeling Evelyn's panty-clad crotch slide
over my smooth legs and bottom as she jockeys for position.  Before
I know it, she has my ankles tied together with Sonia's hose and is
working on my arms, bending my fingers painfully back to force my
wrists together! Her speed ... her skill .. all at once I realize
these women are more dangerous than I'd thought!

     "Please," I gasp, close to panic, "C-Can't we work something
out?"

     "Sure!" Sonia sneers, watching me squirm in her lover's
knowing hands, "Just tell us what we need to know to set your boss
up! No? You must really love that guy to go through all we're going
to put you through! How about it?  Are you his Sweetie-Boy? Are
you?"

     "Ha!" Evelyn tightens the stocking around my wrists, "That's
probably it!  This little wimp has a crush on his big masculine,
boss!  How much is he paying you? Or are you (hee-hee!) holding out
for marriage?  Well, I'm going to shut your pretty mouth until you
decide to give us some answers!"

     All at once I'm on my back, shamefully trying to cover my
exposed male fixtures with my bound, shaven legs!

     "How shy!" Evelyn titters, "Here slave I'll let you have my
panties!"

     Sonia giggles at my embarrassment as Evelyn slides out of her
panties and straddles my head, forcing me to stare straight up as
she dangles the warm, scented garment over my face!

     "Is this what you like?"  She teases, "Don't you just go ga-ga
over nice lacy women's panties?"  She glances between my legs and
smiles at my hopelessly aroused state. "Sure looks that way,
doesn't it?  Well, this is your lucky day, because I'm going to
give you a mouthful!

     Evelyn's warm, damp pussy hairs tickle my head as she bends
forward and pinches my nose, forcing my lips open ... the heat from
her thighs as she traps my face .. and then I taste her panties as
she pushes them in my mouth!

     "Like it?" She taunts, tying the panties in place with yet
another stocking. "Well, how about these?"

     Slowly she removes her bra, and her perfect breasts dangle in
my face, flicking her hard nipples across my lips and nose even as
she rubs her moist pussy over my own nipples!

     "Hold it!"  A flash as Sonia moves around us with a camera,
capturing the scene from every angle that will reveal my
predicament without showing Evelyn's face.  "Turn your head Ev, and
raise your arms. That way I can get his stiff little dickie in the
picture so everyone where he works can see how much he loves this!"

     Everyone at work? ! ? !  Suddenly I'm filled with horror,
thinking that these sadists might show off the pictures at the
office while I'm away ... or even at the Stockholder's Meeting next
week.

     All this time I'd thought I was perfectly safe, since they'd
think I was James Parry. But now I realize that if they take
pictures and spread them around my office that everyone will
recognize me!  I'll be finished with that company or ant other! I
must stop them ... somehow!

     "Nggh!" I moan through the panties that fill my mouth,
"Nnnffrggh!"

     But they simply ignore me and go on taking pictures!

     "Let's get some shots of our slave moving around!"

     Sonia obligingly pulls a sheer stocking over my head while
Evelyn gets the camcorder. Then they order me to shimmy about the
floor on my knees!

     Naturally, with my wrists bound behind me, I have to swish my
bare bottom wildly .. to the vast delight of my captresses .. and
Sonia increases the effect by holding a riding crop to my lips and
making me follow it about!  If my lips lose contact with the whip
for more than a few seconds, she flicks it, painfully, against my
lips till I find it again!

     All this time of course, I'm frustratingly aware of Evelyn's
bare breasts and exposed womanhood as she moves about, just inches
away, recording all this. Not to mention Sonia, clad in the most
exciting lingerie and shiny high-heeled boots right in front of me! 
But I'm even more aware of my awful predicament... and my own
embarrassing nudity, which the girls call attention to at every
opportunity!

     "Swish that butt!" Evelyn snaps, "Sonia, make him jump and
jiggle! This is priceless!"

     Suddenly I remember what they'd said earlier, about me wanting
to talk before they were done with me! How true it was!

     "Nmmmmrfffh!" I try again, "Mmllemmmmeeee mlmlmlooooozzzh!"

     But Sonia decides she'd like some different situations, and
makes me pull my hands under my legs and get them in front of me as
both girls laugh at my squirming antics!

     Once my hands are in front, she teases.

     "Would you like to get untied, Pet?"

     "Nyyyygghehsh!" I falter through my gag, unsure of what to
expect.

     "Very well!" She smiles, "You have my permission to unite your
wrists! But first, play with that tiny thing of yours until it's
stiff again!"

     Totally humiliated, I comply, feeling the eye of the video
camera on my like a physical thing as I stand there with a silk
stocking over my head, totally exposed to the laughter of my two
half-nude tormentors! I try to forget my awful embarrassment and
concentrate on the lush forms of the two women who watch and tease
as I jerk off like some horndog teenager!

     "Keep it up, Sweet Cheeks!" Evelyn laughs as the camera whirs,
"Get it real hard for everyone at work to see! Show how much you
love us! Hmmmph! Is that *ALL* the bigger it gets? A little thing
like that's not even worth taking my panties off for!"

     "Well," Sonia muses, "Since he's not much good as a stud,
maybe we should make him a saddle mount?"

     She has no sooner suggested it, than I am down on my hands and
knees, feeling the weight of both women atop me! Evelyn urges me on
with the riding crop while Sonia uses my silk stocking as a bridle,
twisting this way and that as they ride me about the house!

     "Faster Horsie!" Evelyn giggles, "Ooo! You make me feel so
naughty when you bounce like that!" She grinds her moistness into
my smooth, bare back for emphasis, "And what's this under my heel?"

     I feel smothered in feminine dainties!  Hosiery over my face,
panties in my mouth, the pressure of Sonia's stockinged thighs
around my cheeks, and her silk covered crotch rubbing the nape of
my neck as she steers me about until I finally collapse in
exhaustion.

     "Awww," Evelyn pouts. "Poor baby! Have we been too hard on out
little one?" 

     "Perhaps we have," Sonia looks dispassionately down at me as
she removes her bra and hair ribbon, shaking her blonde tresses
into a passionate tangle.

     "How about it, Baby? Are you ready to give us the information
we want?  Or shall we just mail those pictures of you to your
office?"

     "No-no please!" I gasp as she removes gag, "I'll pay you
anything you ask! But I can't tell yo ..."

     That was as far as I got before they dragged me back to the
bedroom and tied me spread-eagle to the bed!

     WHACK!!!

     SNAPPP!!!!

     CRACK!!!!!!

     SLAM!!!!!!!!!

     "Talk!"  Evelyn snarls, "Tell us what we want or I swear we'll
toast this sweet rear end of yours!"

     "No," Sonia cries, "Don't talk! I'm having way too much fun to
stop!"

     "Stop!" I scream, trying desperately to get out of this some
way, "I'll talk!  Whatever you want to know! Just don't send those
pictures! The account numbers are..."

     "It doesn't work like that!" Evelyn interrupts, "If you want
free of us, you'll have to call someone else where you work.
Someone who has access to all that information about your boss and
have them bring it to us right here!"

     "N-No please," I gasp, "Don't let anyone else see me like
this!"

     WHACK!

     "Yes! I'll do it! Whatever you say! Ouch! Pleeese! Anything!
Just STOP!"

     They immediately dismount and untie me.  But my limp arms are
helpless to resist as Sonia binds them behind my shoulder blades
while Evelyn lashes my ankles to my thighs with still more
stockings until I can only duck-walk!

     Sonia sits on my back, pushing my head down with her pantied
bottom as Evelyn dials the number I gave her, then holds the
receiver to my mouth.

     "Do it right, now," she cautions, "Remember, any tricks and
you'll be the laughing stock of your entire corporation!"

     "Yes!" Sonia rakes her sharp nails lightly over my sore rump
to emphasize her total control, "This secretary we're calling will
know what a sissy-slave you are, but you can buy her off or
otherwise persuade her not to talk. But if we send those pictures
in...along with some others we're thinking of taking...."

     I blush furiously at the prospect of this awful debasement.
But I shiver even more in fright just thinking about what might
happen if I refuse. And the next thing I know, I'm talking to my
meek black secretary Lena.

     "Lena? I ... It's me, James Parry." She indicates that she
recognizes my voice. "I-I need you to get into my-uh- the Boss'
safe and get those files marked W. Then use those files to access
the computer codes. Just p-print out the whole thing and-and then
bring it..." I gave her directions. "Yes... Yes I know you
shouldn't do it! It's bad of me to make you!" Sonia prompts me with
a painful slap. "When you g-get here, you sh-should punish me!"

     An hour later, Lena sits comfortably on the sofa, regarding me
with amusement as Sonia and Evelyn watch in the background.

     "So you really like this kind of treatment, eh, Mr. Parry?"

     She runs tickling fingers up my smooth thighs as I stand at
attention before her, completely naked and totally embarrassed at
having my own secretary see how my scheme has backfired.

     "Th-That's right, M-Miss Lena," I manage to stammer. Surely
she must know I'm being forced to say this! "I-I'd just love it
ever so much if you'd treat me like a bad little boy!"

     "Well I'd really love to," she giggles as her finger dance
higher, "but it's late, and I've a long ride back into town."

     "You could stay here!" Sonia interjects, "As James's guest!"

     "Well now, that might be interesting ..."

     "And play with him all night while we contact `Gwendolyn' and
double-check the information you brought us."  Evelyn insists.

     "Girls, you talked me into it," Lena smiles brightly at me,
"Just show me to the guest room ... and have James here bring me a
cup of coffee."

     She toys with my shamefully excited manhood until I squirm in
frustration, then spanks me playfully on the bottom as I scurry to
obey.

     Soon as I arrive in the guest room, dutifully carrying Lena's
coffee. My eyes widen as I see she's stripped to her lingerie.

     "Lena!" I start. "What are you ...?"

     With startling strength and swiftness, she bends me over a
chair and clamps my head between her thighs, grabbing my hair so I
can't escape.

     SMACK!

     My ass explodes in pain as she picks up a riding crop and
begins working me over with it! Again and again the instrument of
torture lands across my buttocks until I howl for mercy.

     "Quiet Slave!" Lena barks, "Don't move or speak until I give
you permission! Understand?

     Her words somehow penetrate the pain, and I make myself quiet
down and hold still while she fetches ropes, binds me to the chair
in ingenious fashion, and then seats herself comfortable atop me!

     "You like this, Baby?" She sneers. "You enjoy finding yourself
at the mercy of a black woman?"

     "N-No!" I manage to squeak.

     "No?" Her smile widens as she sits back, tickling my privates
with her afro. "Maybe you're just one of those pampered, privileged
white dudes that likes to hop in the sack with black chicks, eh?
You sure been pressuring me long enough! Did you figure this was
the only way you'd make it with me?"

     "Lena!" I gasp, "I was forced to do this! You've got to help
me!"

     "Do I?" She teases, "Let's think about that. What do you
suppose those two girlfriends of yours out there would do if they
thought I was trying to get you out of here? Why, my black ass
wouldn't be worth nothing. And how do you know they aren't watching
us now somehow?"

     I gulp, as best I can, realizing that the woman I'd hoped
would come to my rescue might be in as much trouble now as I am!"

     "You're the one that got me into this," she continues, "and
just how valuable do you think you are to my career, now that
you've given away all that information to be used against you? No,
Honey, I think the smart move for this child is to just go with the
flow! Maybe I'll even tell them that you're not James Parry! What
do you think they'd do if they found out it was you they had?"

     "N-No!" I beg, squirming under her panties, "Don't tell them!
Pleeese!"

     "Maybe I won't," she muses, "You reckon you could show this
poor little black girl a good time in bed tonight?"

     "Anything!  I'll do whatever you ask!"

     "Well, we'll just see about that!"  And she pours her coffee
in my face!

     Immediately she's on her feet again, bringing the riding crop
down on my sore, sore bottom!

     "Bad! (THWACK!) Bad Baby! (SMACK!) Look at the mess you just
made! <and hope they buy this act,>" she whispers, "<for both our
sakes>."

     As the blows rain down, I try desperately to think about the
fix I'm in... and how to get out of it. Let's see... the passwords
and access codes will only work (OUCH!) if James Parry gives the
countersign. And James is away in Vegas! So that should keep them
from getting too much to use against me. Now (OWWW!) all I have to
do is figure out how to keep Lena from getting caught here, and
tipping them off about my real name (OOOO!).

     "P-Please, Miss Lena," I beg, "Stop!  Please stop! I'll pay
you! Promote you! ANYTHING!"

     "You ain't going to be in a position to promote anybody Sweet
Cheeks!" She sneers,"and as for paying me... you don't look like
you have much on you to pay me with!"

     WHACK!

     "PLEEESE!  I'll do ANYTHING! ! !"

     "ANYTHING? That sure sounds tempting!  Tell you what: I'll
think about it as you crawl over to the bed!"

     Lena frees me from the chair, but leaves my wrists
humiliatingly bound to my crotch as she urges me across the bedroom
floor with flicks from that awful riding crop!

     "Scoot!" She chuckles, "and keep that cute little pink ass
high! Mmmmm, this is fun!"

     WHACK! SLAP!

     I shuffle as best I can towards the bed, terribly aware of
what a vulnerable, tempting target my ass makes as I hold it high
at Lena's command.

     SMACK!

     Ouch! I think. Acting is one thing, but why is she being so
cruel to me? Sure, maybe I teased Lena a little, but nothing you
could really call harassment.  Did I?  Oh dear, no time to think
about that now ...OWWW! Just gotta try to keep her happy... keep
her from telling the others who I really am!

     So, once reach the bed, I obey Lena's laughing instructions to
bind my own ankles to a mop handle and bend humbly forward,
pressing my face into the satin bed-cover ... to make a seat for
Lena!

     "I'm getting naked now, Sugar," she whispers, soft and
teasing. "Taking off all my clothes, so we can share a night of
love in this sexy bed!"

     "Did you hear me take off my high heels?  How about this
(Swish!) Can you just picture my silk stockings sliding down my
long dark legs?"

     "Don't you dare peek!  I'm taking off my bra, letting my big
lovely breasts free... my those nipples are hard!"

     "Ready now? I'm taking down my little black lace panties!
There I'm completely nude... and so hot for you! Only you can't
look, can you? Poor thing! All those years you've wanted me naked
in a bedroom, and now that it's happened, all you can do is bury
your cute little face in the bed and stick your hind end up for me
to laugh at!"

     "Too late now! I've put on a darling black silk lounging robe.
It doesn't cover much though!  Tell you what:if you ask me very
nicely for a spanking, maybe I'll let you look at me. Wouldn't that
be nice? Ask real sweet now..."

     "M-Mistress Lena," I sob into the silk coverlet, burning with
humiliation and horny frustration, "Please...please spank me
again!"

     "With pleasure, Lover!"

     She slides onto the bed and perches her naked rear on my head.
Somehow, after all that teasing, even this humiliating contact was
intensely erotic. I stiffen with need. Then ...

            WHAPP!SMACK! SLAPP! CRACK-CRACK-CRACK!!!

     It seems like an eternity later when I finally join Lena on
the bed. But I don't enjoy it.

     I'm bound painfully above the sheets, hanging from a stout
hook in the ceiling, inches above Lena's warm dusky body as she
smiles up at me, playing with herself and making me lick her
fingers...then her toes...then rolling over, so I can worship her
black bottom with my tongue and lips. Then she turns again and
props herself up on the headboard, offering the pungent center of
her womanhood to my lips... an offer I dare not refuse!

     For what seems like hours, I kiss, lick, and nuzzle, until at
last Lena sighs with pleasure and slides down once more, with her
breasts cuddling my face and her damp pubic hair just tickling my
aroused, frustrated cock.

     And that's how we spend the night!

     It was late the next morning before I'm finally freed and
ordered to kneel before her as she sits regally on the edge of the
bed.

     "All right," she says, "I'm gonna try to make it out of this
house of kink.  And you better hope I make it, `cause if anything
goes wrong, I'll just spill it all to your girlfriends --
understand, White Boy?"

     "Y-Yes, Mistress."

     "Say!  What's that between your legs?  Why, it's hard!  This
stuff must really excite you."

     "N-No Mistress!  It's just..." How can I explain that after
the bizarre teasing I've been through, that the nearness of this
powerfully feminine woman, even under these awful circumstances, is
terribly exciting?

     "Well, I just think I'll make sure you don't go playing with
yourself.  Get in that doorway over there... now spread `em!"


                       (TO BE CONTINUED)
--
