
                                  HOT-DANC.TXT


                                   HOT DANCER

                            (Another Hot Wife Tale)
                                 By J. BOSWELL


READERS' MAIL... APRIL, 1987
STRIPPED TO THRILL 

      My wife Susan and I have a great relationship with five other couples. We
ski, play cards, and usually vacation together at the Ocean.

      Recently, we planned a surprise birthday party for Tom, one of the
husbands. The Thursday before the party, a group of us went over the last
minute details and someone suggested that we should arrange for a Strip-O-Gram
for Tom.

      Marcy, Tom's wife, laughed and said, "Tom would LOVE it! Especially if
the dancer has great boobs. Tom is DEFINITELY a boob man."

      We called around, but with such short notice, only two agencies could
even handle the request, and neither had a large-breasted dancer available for
Saturday night. Resigned to the fact that we were too late to book the surprise
dancer, we started discussing other items. But before long, one of the wives
teased Susan about being the stripper.

      Susan is very beautiful and, at 26, is years younger than the rest of our
"over 35" crowd. She has a flawless peaches'n'cream complexion, is 5'5" tall, a
brunette, and she has a fantastic, and very firm 39(D)-24-35 figure, so the
teasing was not really a surprise. Soon, Marcy was agreeing with the other
women and Susan finally realized that they weren't just joking.

      Marcy took Susan's hand, "Susan, please say you'll do it. It would really
make Tom's party a night to remember. Besides, it's just us. We've all seen you
in your bikinis and it'll be fun! If I were built like you, I'd probably be
making a living doing it!"

      I know Tom has always found my wife attractive (who wouldn't?),
especially in her swimsuits at the beach or pool, and on more than one occasion
I caught him trying to sneak a look down her blouse or dress. So, I was certain
he'd really appreciate Susan being his "personal stripper." But Susan still
hadn't agreed. The women were still coaxing and I smiled and agreed with them
that I thought it was a great idea, too.

      Susan looked at each one of us seated around the now quiet table. She
stopped at me and said, "Alright, I'll do it. If that's what you and Marcy
really want, I'll do my best to make it fun."

      We all cheered and clapped her on the back and told her what a good sport
she was being.

      After work on Friday, Susan bought a new set of sexy underwear for the
party and showed it to me. The bra and panties were white and so sheer they
were almost transparent. The panties were not really more than a tiny triangle
of white in the front and a thin strap between her cheeks and on the hips.
Susan had also purchased a white garterbelt and stockings.

      I was surprised that Susan had selected such revealing things, but I was
glad she was getting into the spirit of it and I could feel my cock harden as I
thought about my wife showing off her body to our friends in these very sexy
undies.

      Saturday seemed to drag until it was finally time to get ready for the
party. Susan took a bottle of wine and a glass and locked herself away in the
bathroom for a long time. When she emerged, the wait had been well worth it.
She looked beautiful. She had carefully applied her make-up and topped it off
with a bright red lipstick. Her dress was a short white cocktail dress with
thin red trim, and finally, very red, very high heeled shoes. She looked
lovely.

      I stood at the door and whistled. "How about showing me what's under that
dress?" I asked.

      Susan smiled, "No way! No previews. I'll see your reaction and either we
won't get to the party at all, or I won't have the nerve to do this. I'm really
very nervous, Dave."

      "Relax. This is supposed to be fun. You'll be terrific."

      Marcy and Tom's boss, Steve (one of the other husbands) had conspired to
get Tom out of the house for the afternoon, playing golf and having a few
drinks at the country club. The house was decorated when we got there, and we
started getting the food ready. Everyone else had been there for a while, and
the punch had everyone in a gay, partying mood, already.

      Marcy handed us each a drink and said to Susan, "You look absolutely
fantastic, Suze. Are you still going through with the dance?"

      Susan drank down the potent punch and got a refill, "Well, as long as you
haven't changed your mind and I don't pass out from a case of nerves, I'm going
to do it."

      Marcy patted Susan on the shoulders, "I knew we could count on you. Tom
will love it! And I know the rest of the husbands are looking forward to it,
too!"

      Susan looked around the room at the other husbands and blushed. "How do
you want me to go about this, Marcy?"

      "How about you hide in the utility room. When Tom and Steve walk in,
we'll all yell 'Surprise!' and sit Tom in that chair in the middle of the room.
I've made a tape of some songs with a strong beat, so I'll turn the stereo on
real loud and you can do your thing."

      Susan nodded and I looked around at the other three smiling guys in the
house. I couldn't wait for the party to start!

      Finally, we heard Tom's and Steve's cars pull into the driveway and we
all took our places. Tom seemed genuinely surprised when he walked in and we
all jumped out, yelling "SURPRISE!"

      Marcy snapped a few pictures and sat him down in a chair in the center of
the room. Then, she started the stereo.

      Susan picked the beat up as she danced down the hall behind Tom's back.
We all applauded as she danced into the room and up to Tom. Marcy had yelled to
him to not turn around, so he had no idea what was going on until he felt Susan
rub up against the chair and run her fingers through his hair. Tom still didn't
know who the dancer was and his look when Susan bumped and grinded her way
around in front of him was one of pure shock.

      Susan danced sensuously, humping to the beat, as Marcy taped the whole
thing on her camcorder. A few voices yelled out to "Take it off!" and I could
see that Susan was getting turned on. Of course, the whole room was charged up
and feeling turned on.

      When Susan danced up to Tom, turned her back to him and pointed to her
zipper, I thought my dick would burst. Tom looked at the zipper with pure lust
in his eyes and then looked at me. He saw me smile and nod and he grinned.

      "I can't believe this!" he yelled as he reached for the zipper.

      Tom slowly unzipped Susan's dress until she could slip one shoulder and
then the other out of it. She turned around to face Tom and allowed her dress
to fall to her feet.

      She was magnificent!

      Susan stood there in her see-through underwear, garterbelt, stockings and
high heels. Her beautiful dark-pink nipples stood erect and puckered against
the thin material. The firm round globes of her ass were beautiful. But the
biggest surprise was not just that her dark bush was clearly visible through
the tiny panties, but that she had trimmed the hair short and into the shape of
a heart! When I saw that, my cock got even harder. It was obvious that the rest
of the people saw it, too, by their whistles, catcalls and cheers.

      Susan was really enjoying herself as she put one leg forward and her foot
between Tom's legs so he could slip off her shoe and stocking. His trembling
hands on her bare thigh made his crotch bulge. When he had the first leg bare,
she offered her other leg to him. He quickly slipped the second stocking off as
Susan danced away from him, dropping her garterbelt to the floor.

      Susan danced to the end of the song and stopped, and I thought it was the
end of the show. But everyone, including Marcy, from behind her camera, shouted
"Take it off!" as the next song started. Susan glanced at me and I shrugged and
said it was her show and entirely up to her. She looked down at Tom and saw how
excited she'd made him and began to dance again.

      At the same time I wanted her to continue, I couldn't believe it when
Susan moved right up in front of Tom and reached behind her back to unhook her
bra. She unhooked the bra and cupped her hands on her breasts while she slipped
the brastraps off her shoulders and arms. Then on a beat, she pulled the cups
away from her big boobs and handed the bra to Tom.

      The room went wild!

      Still dancing, she bent over Tom and shimmied with her huge, naked tits
only inches from his face. Her nipples were hard and erect and aching to be
kissed and sucked. It was fantastic seeing Susan's breasts bared to a man who
had been trying to peek at them for so long.

      Everyone cheered Susan and encouraged her to take off the only remaining
bit of clothing she had on.

      "Show us your heart!" they all began to chant.

      Her eyes were ablaze with excitement and she motioned to Tom to pull the
coffeetable over in front of his chair. Susan stepped up onto the low table and
guided Tom's hands to her panties and hooked his thumbs inside the elastic
waistband. She then slowly pushed his hands down her thighs so her panties went
down with his hands. Tom slid them down to her feet and she stepped out of
them. Now, Susan was completely naked, dancing on the table in all her glory
before the entire crowd, and especially Tom, whose face was level and close to
her beautiful, trimmed pussy.

      Marcy moved closer to record this special, fantastic moment. Susan
started to get down, but Marcy asked her to stay and pose for just a few more
seconds. Tom put his arms around Susan's thighs and pulled her against him. She
put her hands around his neck and pulled his head into her so that his nose and
mouth were buried in her pussy. There wasn't a soft cock in the place!

      After a few more seconds, Marcy thanked Susan and Susan stepped down and
picked up her dress. She told Tom to keep her bra and panties as a memento,
along with the video.

      Flushed and still naked, Susan ran upstairs to dress in the dress,
stockings, garterbelt and heels. The whole crowd cheered when she returned, and
the party got underway.

      Tom thanked me again and again for letting Susan dance for him. We both
have a copy of the video to remind us of how beautiful, sexy, and exciting my
wife is.

      I loved having her dance for the party. It's such a thrill knowing our
friends shared in seeing my beautiful, young wife's fantastic, sexy body.

-- Name and Address withheld by request.

..................................
READERS' MAIL... JANUARY, 1991
HOOKED ON DANCING!

      My husband sent the above letter to your magazine almost four years ago.
Everything in it is true, it just doesn't tell the *WHOLE* story. Your readers
may be interested in hearing the rest.

      It wasn't my idea to dance at Tom's party, but, in truth, when it was
suggested, I LOVED the idea. I can't explain why, and it surprised me at the
time, but the idea of dancing and showing myself off in front of other people
really turned me on. I acted innocent, and "allowed" myself to be coaxed into
performing, but inside, I didn't hesitate for a second.

      As Dave described me in the letter, I am attractive and definitely a bit
"top-heavy." I also had noticed Tom and the other husbands sneaking their peeks
at me whenever they could. I like my body and work hard to keep it firm and
tight and I never minded their looking. And I think Dave enjoyed other men
"eyeing" his young, "trophy" wife.

      Anyway, I prepared carefully for the party, just as Dave described. I was
so excited and hot, I could barely breathe as I dressed and we drove to Tom's
house. Waiting for him to arrive was pure torture!

      When the music started and I danced into the room, I felt like I had been
waiting my whole life for that moment! I was transported!

      Dave described my dance pretty well.

      I was so excited, I felt like I was on the verge of a gigantic orgasm the
whole time. I had purchased the see-through lingerie because I was sure that
that was as far as the wives and Dave would tolerate my strip. When they urged
me to continue and yelled "Take it off!" I almost forgot to give Dave a
questioning glance before proceeding. I was thrilled to keep going.

      What no one saw was, at the very end, when I held Tom's face to my pussy,
his tongue shot straight into my wet snatch and flicked my clit a few times! No
wonder my legs were wobbly as I climbed off the coffeetable!

      I gathered up my dress, stockings, heels and garterbelt to the applause
of our friends. Realizing that putting clothes on in front of a crowd wasn't
nearly as sexy as taking them off, I ran up the stairs, to dress in a bedroom.

      Dave didn't mention that Tom soon followed me upstairs to "change out of
his golf clothes." I was already dressed and was combing my hair when Tom
rapped softly on the open door and said, "I'll never be able to thank you for
the thrill you've just given me, Susan."

      Totally giving in to the moment, without a thought of the possible risks
and repercussions, aroused, wet, and feeling more lusty that I had ever felt in
my life, I opened the door and smiled at Tom, "Come on in and maybe we can
think of a way."

      I knew from his eyes and the expression on his face that I had caught him
totally offguard. Still standing, I spread my legs, bent over the bed and threw
the skirt of my dress up and over my hips.

      "Come on, Tom. You have to finish what you started with your tongue
downstairs."

      Now, it was Tom who didn't need coaxing. His pants and underwear were
down at his ankles in a flash. And just as quickly, he pressed his cock into my
still sopping-wet cunt.

      I started to cum as soon as he entered me and he soon followed. I wiped
off with a tissue and ran downstairs as Tom stayed to change. We couldn't have
been upstairs together longer than 3 or 4 minutes! No one had a suspicion and
that is clear from Dave's letter. Dave failed to mention that Tom and all the
other husbands knew I was naked under my dress for the rest of the party! It
turned me on knowing that, and I loved it when I was the object of their sneaky
cheap-feels and gooses the rest of the night.

      Tom and I never really discussed our "quickie" but his flirting became a
little more aggressive. As did most of the other husbands' flirting. I guess
when a man sees you do a striptease and you show them your tits and pussy, they
right away think you're some kind of loose woman (haha!)!

      Bill had his birthday two months after Tom's. All during the party, the
husbands were teasing me to do another strip. "Fair is fair!" they all said.
And I would have LOVED a repeat performance, but since none of the wives
mentioned it, I behaved. I think all the wives had seen more than enough of me
at Tom's party!

      About 5 months after Tom's party, I got a call from Steve at work. He
jokingly moaned about not having his own "Strip-o-Gram" the previous weekend at
his party, too. He went on to say Sally, his wife, was out of town for the
approaching weekend and he was wondering what it would take to persuade me to
give a "birthday dance -- just a dance" for him.

      I knew that this was more than a innocent, casual request from a friend.
He wasn't asking to borrow the car. I could tell he wanted more than "just a
dance." Steve was Tom's boss, and I assumed that Tom had told him about our
little "upstairs episode."

      I thought about it for a few minutes and realized I very much wanted to
feel as sexy and alive as I did the time I danced at Tom's party.

      I called Steve back, "I owe Bill a dance, too. Have him there, also, and
I'll come over and dance for you boys on Saturday afternoon."

      I left the house with my dress in my gymbag on Saturday, telling Dave I
was going shopping and then to the gym for a "workout." I drove to the mall and
bought the blackest, sexiest, lacy-est undies I could find and dressed in the
changeroom. When I rang Steve's bell, I knew from the stares I had gotten in
the mall that I looked HOT!

      I had made a tape to play while I was dancing, and it hadn't even
finished before I was naked on Steve's living room floor, sucking Bill's cock
while Steve fucked me doggie-style. The three of us fucked and sucked the
afternoon away, until we were exhausted.

      When I got home, Dave asked if I had a good workout!

      I smiled and told him I had the best workout in months, and I was going
to have to do that more often!

      That began my secret life. Stripping in front of eager men was the
trigger for me to act as slutty as I wanted. I loved the way it made me feel,
and my orgasms were the most intense of my life.

      Steve threw a private party for Phil, the next birthday boy, at a motel.
All five of the husbands (other than Dave) were there and after dancing, I
fucked and sucked all of them before we left.

      They all made dates with me, and I went with them, but the sex with them
individually was never as good as when I danced for them and then fucked all of
them.

      Soon, Steve approached me about taking my act "on the road." He was
entertaining some clients and wanted to know if I'd be interested in being part
of the "entertainment." I agreed, and on a whim, told him since this wasn't for
a friend, I wouldn't be free. Charging for my "services" made me feel that much
more a slut and that much sexier.

      Usually, my "job" entailed dinner and drinks with a client or two at a
hotel, and then back up to his (their) room for sex. Sometimes Steve joined in
the fun, and sometimes he left me alone with the client or clients. Last week
was the largest group, yet -- 8 men, including Steve and Tom -- at a trade
show. By the time they were all fucked out, my jaw was sore and my pussy felt
like I had just left the delivery room!

      So, for nearly the last four years, that's been my life. At least once a
month, usually twice, the five husbands and I get together at a motel suite,
and we spend hours having group sex. I love it! And five, maybe six times a
year, I entertain Steve's clients.

      I wonder if Dave and Marcy and the other wives would still think my
dancing for Tom was such a good idea, if they knew the rest of the story?

                           (c) J. BOSWELL, June 1990

                         ษอออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
                         บ ษอออออออออออออออออออออออป บ
                         บ บ  Only the very best   บ บ
                         บ บ        EROTICA        บ บ
                         บ บfrom the collection of บ บ
                         บ บ      J. BOSWELL       บ บ
                         บ ศอออออออออออออออออออออออผ บ
                         ศอออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ

