Archive-name: Bondage/hot-choc.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Hot Creamy Chocolate

This story is purely ficitional.  Any resemblance to actual events
experience are purely coincidental.  This may not be reproduced (other
than electronically) by anyone without permission of the author.  This
story involves heterosexual sex between consenting adults.  Sit back,
relax and enjoy.
--

Ding Dong

The doorbell rings in the house.  I stand at the door, my heart
pounding and my body shaking in anticipation of the evening. Michael always
makes me nervous even though I've known him for 3 years.  One of the
his roommates opens the door and glances at me with an approving look.  I am
wearing a short black suede skirt with a lowcut black shirt, fishnets and
high heels.  Slowly I climb the stairs to the second floor.  I was given
instructions to meet him in the upstairs room. 

Knock knock

He answers the door and smiles.  I guess he likes my outfit.  I grin back,
never tired of looking at his short black hair, olive skin and well-toned
body.  Without a word he ushers me into the large room.  A fire roars in
the fireplace and some blankets have been place near the couch on the
flor.  "Are you ready for tonight?", he asks.  "Of course, I always like
making dreams come true..", I said.  

Encircling his arms around me, his delicious lips meet mine in a long
passionate kiss.  Then he pulls back, looks at me and unzips my skirt.  As
my skirt falls to the floor, I slip off my shoes.  Michael lifts my shirt over
my head to reveal my braless chest.  I reach down and pull off my fishnet
stockings leaving me completely naked and vulnerable.  Michael leads me over
to the blankets and pulls a handkerchief out of his pocket.  Quickly he
covers my eyes and lays me down on the floor.  I feel my hands being bound
to two of the legs of the couch.  Something scrapes across the floor and
soon my feet are being tied to something.  I listen as Michael crosses the
room and leaves, closing the door behind him.

As I lay there in the cold empty room, goosebumps formed on my naked flesh
and my mind started to wander.  It took me back to when I had first met
Michael on the Fens in the Spring.  It was one of those days where everyone
wants to be outside under the blue sky and warm sun.  We played frisbee
during the day, then that night a bunch of us went out partying.  All Michael
had to do was pull my braid and he had me attention for the rest of the
evening.

Creeek

The door opens and I'm pulled out of my reverie.  Hoping that it was Michael
walking towards me and not someone else I asked, "What are you going to do
to me?".  Luckily Michael answered back, "Ssshhhh....just wait and see".  I
could feel him kneel down on top of me.  Suddenly there was the sound of
something being shaken and the hissing of air.  My nose was being covered
in whip cream (or so I guessed).  The nozzle made it's way down my face
onto my neck and then my chest.  As he circle each breast my nipples
hardened in anticipation.  Slowly he circled each nipple then continued to
make his way with the whip cream down my body.  I had the urge to squirm
but my ties held me tight.  My pussy heated up as the whipcream hit my
clit and entered my folds.  I moaned quietly as the he pulled the bottle
away. I wanted more...I wanted Michael now but he stood up and walked out of
the room leaving me to chill.

The room was so cold I thought the whip cream was going to freeze on top
of me.  I had to get my mind off of things so I thought about the first
time Michael and I had had sex.  It had taken place in the bathroom located in
the basement of a Fraternity house.  Both of us were pretty drunk, I'm
not sure how we ended up down there.  I think he told me he had to go to
the bathroom and wanted me to go with him.  The only piece of clothing
that left my body was my underwear.  I ended up pinned to the wall....

"What are smiling about?"

I jumped (as much as possible).  I hadn't even heard him enter the room. 
"Oh...I was just thinking about the cellar incident..".  Michael laughed and
knelt beside me.  I felt his tongue maneuver itself across my lips, it was
hot and warm.  My lips reached out to meet his but he pulled back and said
"tsk tsk..not yet".  I sighed in frustration.  Then a warm trickle of
something thick hit my nose and crossed my lips.  I let a little hit my
tongue and realized he was pouring luke warm hot chocolate on my naked
body next to the whipped cream.  The warmth felt incredibly good as ran
over my skin and around my nipples.  It was soft and warm...so much like a
human that as it reached my navel and trickled into my pussy I gasped in
pleasure.  My body shuddered and I longed to reach out and touch myself. 
My pussy was throbbing and wanted to be filled with more than hot
chocolate.  

I wasn't sure how much of this I could take when I felt Michael's moist
velvety tongue start to lick the sweets off my body.  He took his time and
he tortuously cleaned my body.  His tongue circled my hard nipples and he
nibble a little at each one of them.  I squirmed against my bonds, not
knowing how much more I could take before I lost control.  After what
seemed like forever his tongue had made it's way to my outer folds.  I
could feel something other that hot chocolate and whip cream trickle down
my inner thighs.  His tongue lapped up the food and flicked at my clit. 
It probed my inner folds and again played with my clitoris. This was my
breaking point, I couldn't take it anymore.  A searing sensation made it's
way up my body causing my toes to curl and my back to arch.  My breathing
sped up and one long moan escaped from my lips as I climaxed.  

"Oh God Michael!"

He undid my blindfold so I could see him smiling.  He had taken off his
clothes and kneeled before me.  He had a devious look in his eyes as he
started to undo my ties.  As soon as I was released I sat up and kissed
him hard on the lips.  Pulling his gorgeous naked body down on top of me
so I could feel his stiff cock against my leg.  I moved my leg slightly
and he shuddered.  I rolled over so he was on the bottom and I could be on
the top.  Grinning, I ran my nails lightly over his chest as my lips moved
down to his cock.  

I ran my tongue up the side of his cock, feeling the veins pulsing, and
around the bottom of the head.  A drop of precum appearing at the tip and
with a flick of my tongue it disappeared down my throat leaving a salty
aftertaste on my tongue.  Gradually my lips wrapped themselves around his
cock and it slid down my open thoat until my lips touched the base.  One
of my free hands played with his balls, rolling them slowly inbetween my
fingers.  Lips wrapped tightly around his cock, I moved my head up and
down creating some friction.  More precum appeared and dribbled into my
mouth.  Pretending Michael's cock was a lollipop, I tried to suck all his
salty juices from his body.  

I felt him tense up and knowing that he was about ready to cum, I stopped
abruptly, lifted my head and stared into his eyes.  They were glazed over
with the look of someone in an intense state of pleasure.  I moved up and
straddled him, letting my pussy rest on the bottom of his penis.  Moving
my hips slightly, I tried to create a friction between the two.  When I
felt Michael could take no more I lifted myself up and slid his throbbing
member into my wet hot cunt.  I started to ride him, gripping his cock
tightly with my pussy.  Unexpectedly he rolled me over onto my back and
started thrusting hard and fast.  He pounded his cock into me making me
gasp in surprise and pleasure.  I had never been able to orgasm this way
but somehow he had found a spot and I felt myself spiraling downward
quickly.  I gasped and shuddered as my second orgasm of the night hit me
head on like a speeding train.  I lost touch with reality for a moment and
when I came to Michael had pulled out and was spurting his cum all over my
chest.  

When we both had relaxed and he had wiped off the gooey mess off of my
chest with a towel, he lit a fire in the fireplace.  We wrapped ourselves
together in the blankets, leaned back against the couch and held each
other while we watched the flames dance and glow.

 
-- 
