Archive-name: 3plus/hot-2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Another Hot Story


     I was horny as hell. I couldn't stand it anymore. I snuck up behind
Sheila and started kissing her ears. She obliged and started fondling her
breasts through the thin fabric of her dress.
     I always liked getting her started as she was having her drink after work.
 It allowed time enough to really get into it, before we both got tired.
     I moved around in front of the chair and started unbuttoning her dress. I
got as far as her waist before the urge seized me, and I released her
pendulious breasts from their confining bra. They swung free and I cupped each
one with a hand. I alternately kissed and nibbled each nipple to full attention.
     This succeeded in driving Sheila crazy.  She grabbed the back of my head and
burried my face in her ample tits. I pulled back enough to allow room to
breath, and continued to nibble on her nipples.
     She released her grip and started shrugging off her dress. Since she was
seated she could only get the top part off, and pushed me away to stand and shed the
rest of it.
     She pulled the dress over her hips and stepped out. I was greeted by a
muffled muff. Her panty hose flattening the curls of her pussy. The aroma of
horny bitch permeated the air. I immediately walked over and pulled out the
couch. I untied my tie and disrobed to my briefs.
     When I turned back, Sheila had one hand under her panty hose, frantically
sinking her fingers into her cunt, glistened with love dew.  She had pulled her tit up
to her mouth with the other hand and was busily sucking. She knew that the
sight of her sucking her tits drove me crazy. So I paused and admired the
show. Her eyes were closed in concentration, and she had managed to get a
large part of the breast in her mouth. I walked over to her and started
massaging her other breast. It was firey hot and it only took a few seconds for
the nipple to stand to attention. I poked the nipple in, then rolled it between
my fingers, The tip grew moist. I massaged the areola and pushed in with two
fingers and was rewarded with a glistening drop of milk which I eagerly
licked up. This brought back the days after she had weened Sherrie, I had been
her "second" child and nursed hungrily every night. To this day, I get the
benefit of mothers milk in my coffee, ambrosia of the gods.
     Sheila seemed not to notice my hungry ministrations of her unoccupied tit,
 so engrosed was she in her own self-satisfaction. This peaked me a bit, so I
released my cock, and started beating my self off in time to her fingers
sinking into her pubes.
     Her pace picked up and I followed right along, trying to keep up with her
frenzied pace. Soon she layed back in the chair, eyes still closed, and her
other hand joined the fray. She spread her pussy lips and alternated between
sinking her fingers deeply in her hole and violent rubbing her clit. I started
cheering her on, "Rub your pussy honey. Thats right, work on your love box.
Make the juices flow!"
     I lost myself in the description of her masterbation, she looked up to me
and smiled. She spread her cunt lips so I could see her flaming box glistening
through her hose and said, "Look at my love box, It's hot for you dear. I have
warmed it up. Do you want to ram your hot tool deep in my cunt?"
     She then resumed her pummeling of her pubes, her fingers literally flew in
and out of her box. The juices of her pussy making them shine. I noticed a
thin stream running down between the cheaks of her ass. I pounded away on my
cock. She flushed in imminent orgasm and raised her hips from the chair. Her
efforts re-doubled her one hand on her clit and the other sinking up to her
knucles into her hole. As she orgasmed, the shaking made her ample brests shake
like jello and her whole body writhed in delight. I moved closer and aimed my cock
at her hole.  The pressure building in my balls had grown too much, and shot great
jets of cum on her hose, more sperm than I thought possible. She collapsed onto
the chair, breathing hard, and pulled her hands from beneath the hose, and
started massaging my cum through them into her pussy.
     I bent down and removed her hands and started licking the sperm covered
hose trying to get at her box. Her juices mingled with my cum was a heady
mixture. She spread her legs even further so I could get at her clit and soon
I hit the spot and licked her clit through the hose.
     The combination of sperm, spit and pussy dew ozing through the hose had
me crazy, I lifted her from the chair,and threw her on the bed.  I pulled her
hose, and went to the top where she allowed me to tie her hands to the bed
securely. I took my pants and tie from the floor and soon had her strapped spread eagle
 to the bed.
     I went into the bedroom to get the toy kit
and picked up a razor from the bathroom. I was in the mood to really do it up right tonight.
     I selected a dildo from the assortment and turned it on. The head gently
rotated and sounded like a bucnh of angry bees.
     I teased her by rubbing it along her thighs. I kept this up until I had
her begging for more with her body. She strained against her bindings and
tried to scoot down to get the object on her love spot. But I would have
none of that, I teased her further my rubbing it  on the hair of her pussy.
Keeping the vibrator just scant millimeters form her dripping snatch. Every
time she made an attempt at raising her steaming box to the dildo, I took it
away for the count of fifty. It didn't take long for her to accept her torment
and settle down for whatever would happen.
     As soon as I saw her relax, I just touched the vibrator to the lips of
her pussy, her whole body turned to on mass of goose flesh. I very slowly
moved the vibrator on the lips trying to keep the motion erratic. I worked
my way down and when I reached her hole, started circling it. Her cunt flinched and
became wetter. I spiraled to her hole and inserted the instrument slowly
until it was buried to the hilt, deep in her box. Sheila began to moan and
rotate her hips in time to the motions of the rotating phalus.
     Now for the next part of my plan. I reached over, opened a jar of joy
jelly, and liberally smeared a double finger full over her pubes. I massaged it
in, and soon had her writhing with delight. I then took the razor and worked
purposefully at denuding her snatch. I had the top done I think before she even
knew what was up, I carefully worked on her cunt lips and in no time I had her
pussy naked as the day she was born.
     I then selected the jar of peppermint jelly, my favorite, and dribbled it
on her naked pussy, then started to lick it off.
     There was a knock on the door. Damn who could that be, I thought.
     I got up and went to the door, and opened it. A woman was looking at her
notes and automatically started, "My name is Nellie and I represent M.A.D.D.
We are going door to door tonight asking for dona....." She had stopped
talking and was standing there with her mouth open staring at my erect prick,
she then looked up and saw Sheila trussed to the bed gyrating to the vibrator
buried in her pussy. She looked down at my cock one more time, then surprised
me. She took my prick in her hand and led me into the apartment, closing the
door behind her.
     "It has been a long day and my feet are killing me, mind if I take a
break and rest a bit here?"
     I didn't get a chance to answer as she quickly went to her knees and
popped "Fester" in her mouth.
     "Tastes like you've already popped once," she said and plunged her
head on my cock eagerly.
     I reveled in her artistry for a bit then glanced back to see if
Sheila had noticed the visitor. She was lost in her own private bliss,
still writhing on the bed, the tone of the vibrator had dropped a notch, the
batteries must be losing it.
     The visitor stopped sucking me off and stood looking at Sheila's hairless
pussy. Stripping as she walked over to the bed, she arrived nude and burried
her face in Sheila's snatch.
     "Peppermint, my favorite.  I love the way it makes my pussy tingle," she moaned, and
re-burried her head between Sheila's thighs.
     I walked over and raised her hips and massaged her now dripping box. I
spread her thighs a bit and inserted my prick between the lips of her pussy.
As soon as she felt contact she backed furiously and impaled her snatch on my
cock, burying it to my balls. I started an even rhythm, allowing her to better
concentrate on Sheila's cunt. The vibrator now sounded like it was on its last
legs, the batteries about drained. I watched as Nellie removed it, and
inserted her hand. Slowly it disapeared into her cunt, Nellie working it in,
until her hand was burried to the wrist. Sheila's eyes popped open in amazement, her
mouth silently urging Nellie on.
     I then leaned forward to better fondle Nellies swinging tits as I fucked
her hole methodically. Her breasts were not as large as Sheila's, but firm and
ample none the less.
     When I started gently pinching them she started moaning into Sheila's
snatch, giving her a great humm job. Sheila stretched to the limit by Nellies
hand, was hummed to a violent orgasm, succeeding in ripping her arms loose from
their bindings with her thrashing around. I pushed Nellie down onto Sheila,
arranging her so I could alternately plunge in to her pussy and then Sheila's
drenched snatch. Nellie involved herself in deeply kissing Nellie and massaging
her tits, Sheila wrapped her now free arms around Nellie and returned the kiss.
     I was revelling in the difference between Nellie's and Sheila's cunts.
Sheila's was fist streached, and super lubricated allowing me to sink quickly
to the hilt, deep in her box. Nellie's, on the other hand, was virgin-like in
it's tightness, and it took  a little effort to plunge into her. Nellie's
tightness finally was my undoing. It milked my cock and I finally blew my load,
 cumming deeply in her steaming bush.
     I untied Shelia's feet then, and she immediately wrapped them around Nellie's
back, grinding her pussy into Nellie's as  drops of
cum ozzed from her box, and dripped onto Sheila's abused cunt.
     I left the room to their squeals of delight and got the Poloroid to
record this, just to remind me that it wasn't a dream.
     I got some great shots of both Sheila's and Nellie's heads burried between
creamy thighs, Nellie rubbing her tits on Sheila's shaved snatch, and a great
shot of Sheila spraying milk onto Nellie's clit, instantly bring her to a
violent orgasm.
     To this day, Nellie stops by regularly and we go through the album of
that night, and always before the end, colapsing into each other's body,
trying to top the last menage a trois...
        NOT REALLY THE END

--
