                       THE (FORE)SKIN GAME

                      Another Hot Wife Tale
                          by J. Boswell

     I married Jane when we were both still in college, a little 
over ten years ago.  They have been a great ten years.  I just
had my 32nd birthday, and Jane's is in a couple of months.
     Jane still looks fantastic.  We walk or cycle almost
everyday, and she teaches an aerobic class at the community
center.  He body is firmer and tighter, now, than it was when I
met her.  She is 5'6", weighs about 110-115, and measures in at
an eye-catching 36-24-35.  She has deep green eyes, a great
complexion, and bright blonde hair cut in a short, stylish bob. 
So, when I tell you that just looking at her still makes my heart
go pitter-patter, you know why.  
     I've been monogamous since the day I met Jane, and I'm sure
she has been the same.  She wasn't a virgin when we met.  In
fact, I started dating Jane after she broke up a very long-term
relationship with one of my Frat brothers.  I know they had been
making love for years, and, sometimes, even today, while
daydreaming, the vision of Jane and her ex-boyfriend doing some
of the things we have done together has aroused me.  Maybe it was
so easy for me to picture them together, because I knew both of
them.
     Anyway, here we are.  A successful young couple.  We both
work for the same very large Corporation, and we survived the
'80's fairly well.  And now, we are enjoying the benefits, in our
new house with a 3-car garage, a yard full of trees, and a hot
tub on the deck outside our bedroom.
     Several weeks ago, I received word that Mike, a mutual co-
worker and old friend was returning to headquarters for training. 
Mike is a great guy, and we were close before he was transferred
to Seattle about a year ago.  We had been on the company softball
team together and had been drinking buddies, and Jane and I had
even double-dated with him a time or two.  So, when I heard he
was coming back to town for a few days, I checked with Jane, and
then called him, insisting he stay with us rather than in a
hotel.  He agreed, immediately.
     I picked Mike up at the airport at 3:00pm on Friday
afternoon, and we had a nice conversation as I drove back to the
house and he informed me he had just gotten engaged to a woman
out West.  
     When Mike opened the door to our house, thirty-some people
yelled "SURPRISE!"  Jane and I had decided to throw him a little
"Welcome Back" party, so he could see his old friends, again.  It
was a great party.
     After good music, good food, good conversation, and good
booze, people started leaving around midnight.  By twelve-thirty,
everybody had left and Mike offered to help Jane and I clean up.
     Jane said, "This can wait.  I'd rather take a quick dip."
     I agreed.
     Mike said that that sounded good, but he'd have to borrow
one of my swimsuits, as he hadn't brought any along with him.
     Much to my surprise, Jane blurted out, "You don't have to
worry about a suit, Mike.  Jim and I don't bother much with them,
anymore."
     I was surprised because, although Jane and I really didn't
bother with suits, it was only when we were alone.  I couldn't
tell if she was a little buzzed, or a little excited, or both. 
But I knew I was both!
     The three of us quickly stripped on the back patio deck.  It
was obvious in the bright moonlight that Jane was more than
buzzed.  Her nipples were hard and erect and her skin had that
taut, expectant look it gets before we make love.  She was also
breathing through her mouth as her eyes were glued on Mike.
     And looking at Mike, myself, I could now see why he had been
such a stud around the office before he was transferred.  Besides
his rugged good looks and great personality, he had a rather
large cock and set of balls hanging between his legs.  
     I noticed he was also watching Jane, very closely.
     We all ran up the steps to the bedroom-level of the deck and
splashed into the tub.  The water was perfect, and the night air
made it very relaxing.  After a while, I offered to make us all a
nightcap, and ran to the house to get the fixings.  When I
returned, Jane and Mike were out of the pool and lying on chaise
lounges.  Neither one of them had made any effort to cover
anything up, so I didn't either.  
     We sipped our drinks and quietly talked about old times and
who-was-where-doing-what in the company.  Mike was on the chaise
between us and I couldn't help but notice all the attention Jane
was giving Mike's crotch.  I took a good look, myself.
     Mike's cock was large -- no two ways about that.  It was
long, maybe seven inches or so, but it was also thick, looking
almost as thick around as my wrist.  And it was still soft!  I
had been in enough locker rooms to know that Mike was one of a
very few good men.  Now, looking closer, I noticed that he was
also uncircumcised and he had a lot of obvious foreskin.
     When we finally got around to the office gossip and who-
was-fucking-whom, we all perked up.  Jane said she now understood
why there was so much crying and gnashing of teeth by the office
beauties when Mike was transferred across the country.  She went
on to say that not only was he a sweetie, he had the most
impressive prick she had ever seen in her life.  Then, Jane asked
Mike to forgive her for staring, but she had never seen an
uncircumcised cock before.
     Being only human, as Mike listened to Jane's compliments,
his impressive seven inches was slowly twitching itself into a
firmer, and even more impressive, nine inches!
     Jane suddenly turned to me, "I just want to touch it!"  
     I could tell from her expression and breathless tone, she
was asking me for permission.
     I shrugged and nodded.  What was I going to say?
     Jane turned to Mike, "May I?"
     Mike looked at me and I nodded again.  He turned back to
Jane, "Sure, Jane, if you want to."
     Jane got up off her chaise and walked to Mike's, "Oh, I want
to."
     My wife sat next to Mike on his chaise and just stared at
his cock.  It was still twitching, growing firmer and longer as
we watched.
     Jane slowly reached forward.  There was a small tremble in
her hand.  Slowly, she reached out and touched Mike's cock,
wrapping her hand around it.  Her fingers didn't even come close
to making it all the way around.
     None of us said a word.  All three of us were intently
watching my wife's hand as it slowly pulled back Mike's foreskin
off the head of his cock, and then let go, so the skin slid back
to cover the head, again.  Over and over, Jane slid her hand up
and down Mike's shaft.  Jane's other hand made its way down to
Mike's balls, where it cupped and lifted them, as if weighing
them.
     I didn't have a ruler, but my guess was that Mike was now a
hard ten inches of cock.  I couldn't even guess its girth.
     All this time, Jane was slowly lowering her head, inch by
inch, until she was only inches away from Mike's erection.  I was
watching hi cock as intently as my wife.  Mike's foreskin was so
thick and long, that even when his cock was erect (as it was
now!), it was still long enough to entirely cover his head.  So
both Jane and I watched as a drop of pre-cum oozed out of the
tip; and as Jane let the skin go, we watched the skin cover the
head, pushing the drop up, until it rested on top, like a shiny
diamond on a ring.  
     To my surprise, Jane flicked her tongue out to lick the
fluid away.  Mike and I both moaned.
     Now, Jane continued her hand rhythm, up and down, but she
left her tongue on the head of Mike's cock, so that when his
foreskin returned to cover the head, it also covered the tip of
Jane's tongue.  This only happened a few times before Mike very
obviously began to cum.
     Jane moved her mouth onto Mike's cock, and began swallowing
his cum.  A little of Mike's cum leaked out the side of her
mouth, but she quickly caught it with her tongue.  (Jane later
told me that Mike's cum was more than she thought any man could
shoot at one time.)
     Jane's eyes looked glazed-over when she smiled up at Mike. 
I knew I needed a release for my raging, almost-painful, hard-on
and suggested we move into the bedroom.  Mike and I escorted Jane
to our king-sized bed and she looked up at both of us.  She
looked beautiful.
     Mike laid beside my wife on one side and I took the other. 
We began to explore her extraordinary body with our hands and
fingers and tongues.  Mike sucked a breast into his mouth as I
licked Jane's clit.  He soon moved down to her pussy and I kissed
her mouth and filled my hand with her tit.
     I couldn't wait any longer.  I moved Mike out of the way and
slid my erect cock into my wife, to the hilt.  I had never felt
her cunt so wet and hot as it was at that moment.  She reached
one hand between us and made a ring around my cock with her
finger and thumb.  Then I felt her other hand on the cheek of my
ass, her fingers seeking, and finding my anus.  
     Knowing my climax would be almost immediate, she grinned up
and me and asked, "Did you enjoy seeing another man's cock and
cum fill my mouth to overflowing?"
     That was it!  I rammed into her as hard as I could and let
go with a massive orgasm.
     I had barely finished cumming when I felt Jane's hands
moving my shoulders away from her.  She wanted me off her.  She
was looking at Mike and they were now ready for each other.  I
slipped out of Jane and rolled on the bed, watching Mike position
himself between my wife's wide-spread legs.  His erection was
huge.
     Her eyes were filled with lust as she grabbed Mike's hips
and said, "What are you waiting for?  Fuck me!  I want to feel
that monster-cock in me, right now!"
     Mike maintained control.  "Let's take this slow, Jane.  I
don't want to hurt you.
     As his cock-head touched her cuntlips, Jane moaned loudly.
     I couldn't believe it!  I was in the same bed, watching
another man getting ready to fuck my wife!
     Mike began to push slowly with his hips.  Jane's pussy began
to stretch itself around its unnatural girth.  Slowly, slowly,
Mike maintained the pressure, slowly but surely burying his cock
deeper and deeper into my wife's cunt.
     "You're so tight, Jane.  Tell me if I hurt you."
     Jane couldn't talk, she just shook her head.
     Finally, Mike touched bottom.  He held himself completely
still.  My wife had taken it all.
     Jane was obviously savoring the feeling.  She wrapped her
arms around Mike's neck and said, "Oh, Mike, I've never felt this
full in my life!"  Then, even without Mike moving a muscle, Jane
began a powerful orgasm (Which she later said was the strongest
she had ever had.).  Wave after wave of pleasure wracked her
body.  And, as she began to come down, Mike began his fucking
motion, taking her up, up, and away, again and again.
     Mike dropped his face to Jane's breasts and he began biting
and pulling her nipple with his teeth, as he hammered into her,
harder and harder with his hips.
     "Oh, yes!" she screamed.  If our neighbors lived any closer,
I'm sure they would have called the police.  "Fuck me hard, you
bastard!  I can feel all your foreskin!  I can feel it sliding up
and down your cock, sliding inside my cunt, the way it did in my
hands!  Don't let this end!"
     But it did.  Mike was lifting himself almost all the way out
of Jane and then slamming back into her, slapping their hips
together and banging his big balls against her ass.  I would have
felt sorry for Jane, for the beating she was taking, if she
wasn't so obviously enjoying every bit of it, bouncing her hips
up to meet his down slam.
     I'm not sure if Jane ever really stopped cumming, but it was
obvious when Mike began his.  His face turned red and he was
gasping for breath, grunting.
     When he finally collapsed on top of Jane, she wrapped her
arms around him and said, "I could feel your cum.  I could feel
it shooting out of your magnificent cock, filling my cunt."
     I guess with the party, the booze, and the sex, we were all
exhausted.  Mike couldn't make it to the guest room, so all three
of us fell asleep in our bed.
     I woke up once in the night having to go to the bathroom,
and found Jane and Mike fucking again on the bed beside me.  When
I awoke the next morning, I rolled over to see Jane sucking on
Mike's cock.  Mike was still asleep.
     "Don't you think last night was enough, Jane?"
     "I don't know, Honey.  It hasn't been enough, so far.  But
I'll try to behave.  I've just never felt like this before --
this alive, this randy, this hot.  Just don't get mad at me,
okay?  I still love only you."
     For the rest of that weekend, and all of our free time
during the following week, Mike wore Jane like a second skin. 
She went everywhere he went.  They were seldom dressed and never
apart, and when they were together, my lovely wife had Mike's
cock in her hands, her mouth, or her cunt.  
     She even went with him to the bathroom!  I followed them
once, and watched Jane get down on her knees and pull Mike's
foreskin back so he could pee.  As soon as he was done, Jane
shook the last few drops from the end and then engulfed his meat
in her mouth and sucked him 'till he came.  As always, she
swallowed every drop.
     I don't know how many loads of cum Jane took that week.  She
sucked and fucked more loads out of Mike than I care to count,
and since she was acting like some sex-slut, she couldn't very
well say `no' to me when I wanted some of her twat or mouth.
     On Thursday, Mike's last night in town, Jane handed me the
Polaroid and packages of film and asked me to record the "love
session."  But, before they got started, Jane sucked on Mike's
cock until it reached maximum size, and then she shot a pack of
film in almost clinical close-ups of it.  I spent the rest of the
night taking pictures of their sucking and fucking.  
     Friday afternoon, I drove Mike back out to the airport.  He
was in the backseat with Jane, who was giving him his "farewell
blow-job."  I knew how much my wife meant it when she kissed Mike
at the gate and said, "I'm going to miss you, Mike."
     Jane still masturbates looking at her photos of Mike, and
the two of us talk about his visit in bed, before and during
lovemaking.  If any change, our sex life has gotten hotter and
raunchier since Jane's week as Mike's cock-slave.  It's
definitely been more frequent.  Jane has been less inhibited than
ever before.  In fact, just last night, she asked me if I ever
noticed any other well-hung, uncircumcised studs at the gym. 
Somehow, I don't think Jane is going to wait for Mike's next
visit.

-- 4/92, JB


