Archive-name: Bestial/hot-bath.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Bath, The

(A sex-drenched human/intelligent furry humanoid love story).


     I  was standing outside the plant where I work, waiting  for 
my ride home.Even though it was a Friday, and on this  particular 
payday  we had also recieved our monthly bonus checks,  this  had 
still  been a hell of a day; most of the day I had spent  out  in 
the  machine shop, fixing a broken automated milling  machine.  A 
grimy,  oily, messy job, taking those old machines apart, and  to 
make matters worse an oil line had ruptured while I was  working. 
While  I  dodged the worst of it, my clothes and fur  were  still 
badly  stained  with oily grunge. Then, while  working,  a  wire-
stripping tool snapped shut on my finger, breaking blood  vessels 
under the skin and ripping out some fur.... and of course, when I 
came out of the plant, it was cold and rainy.

     Needless to say, when Gary (the human I live with) picked me 
up  in  front of the plant - within two blocks of each  other  we 
work, so we carpool - I was in a _foul_ mood. I climbed into  the 
car, slamming the door, and sat back in the seat, closing my eyes 
and sighing heavily. After a moment, I felt a reassuring  squeeze  
on my hand.

     "Bad day, Kerja?" Gary asked me. Concern I could hear in his 
voice,  and feel in his hand.... I sighed again, nodding  slowly, 
looking over at him.  "The _worst_. One thing after another..."

     "What happened?"

     "I  don't even want to talk about it," I said,  snapping  in 
sudden  frustration.  "Just  let's go home." I  sat  back  again, 
closing  my eyes, trying to unwind. I felt the car start  moving, 
carrying me away from the plant, and towards home; and for a  few 
minutes  I  just sat there, letting the steady vibration  of  the 
road  calm me down again. Then I looked over at Gary, and  put  a 
hand  on his shoulder. "Gary.... sorry I am. Didn't mean to  snap 
at you like that. It's just -"

     "Hey, it's alright," he said, interrupting, patting my knee. 
"You're just tired and upset, honeybunny. You'll feel better when 
we get home."

     "No,  it's _not_ okay... shouldn't take it out on  you."  He 
just smiled, and turned back to driving us home; and I knew  that 
he  already  considered it forgotten. Nice to know  that  someone 
understands  you... I leaned back, closing my eyes again,  slowly 
letting  myself relax. Gary turned on the radio, tuning into  our 
favorite  station.  The signature for the "Afternoon  Road  Show" 
came  on  (a  quitting-time  whistle,  squealing  tires,  and  an 
announcer   telling  everyone  that  "it's  time  to  kick   some 
asphalt"),  then the DJ telling us that the featured  artist  for 
the show was the Greatful Dead. The familiar strains of "Touch of 
Grey" filled the car; and although at first I really didn't  feel 
like  singing along, after a few moments I found myself doing  it 
anyway, slipping into the catchy lyrics.... Gary joined in  after 
a  second,  and the two of us formed  a  sometimes-uncertain  but 
always enthusiastic harmony as we traveled towards home.

     A  few  minutes later, I felt the car turning,  and  slowing 
down to a stop. But it seemed to soon for us to be home  already; 
I  looked,  and saw us pulling into a parking lot in front  of  a 
Magna grocery store. "What - "

     "I just need to pick up a couple of things, Kerja." he  told 
me.  "Why  don't you just wait here; I won't be but a  couple  of 
minutes."

     True to his word, after a few minutes he was back carrying a 
medium-sized  paper  bag, which he tossed behind his seat  as  he 
climbed  back into the car. He started the engine, and  we  drove 
away.

     Ten  minutes  or so later, we were home  again.  Wearily,  I 
climbed  out  of the car, unlocking the apartment  door  as  Gary 
retrieved his package and locked the car. Inside the apartment, I 
felt  a  little better, for being home. As soon as the  door  was 
closed  I  set down my things and started stripping off  my  oily 
clothes.  I  wasn't particularly concerned  about  undressing  in 
front  of  Gary;  we've  lived together  long  enough  that  it's 
certainly nothing he hasn't seen before. Besides, at the moment I 
wanted  _out_  of those filthy clothes more than  I  cared  about 
modesty.  After  stripping down to my fur, I carried  my  clothes 
into the kitchen, grabbed a plastic bag, and stuffed them into it 
before dumping the whole package in the laundry basket. No  sense 
in getting oil all over everything else in there too. 

     I  came  back out to the kitchen again  (the  kitchen/dining 
room  is  in the middle of the apartment; bedroom  on  one  side, 
living  room on the other, bathroom just off the kitchen  on  the 
bedroom  side,  so  to get anywhere you have to  go  through  the 
kitchen)  and  found Gary there, washing  the  breakfast  dishes. 
"Gary, I'm -"

     He  put  a  finger to my lips,  interrupting.  "First  thing 
you're  going  to do, honeybunny, is take a shower and  get  that 
crud  out  of your fur." Drying his hands, he  reached  into  the 
grocery sack and pulled out a bottle of shampoo. "Here; I noticed 
you  were  out this morning," he said. Then he took out  a  small 
box,  and pressed both it and the bottle into my hands.  "_Then_, 
you're going to run yourself a nice _hot_ bath, drop two of these 
into it, and soak yourself for at _least_ an hour, while _I_  fix 
dinner  for  both of us. And _don't_ ask what we're  having,"  he 
added, anticipating my question. "It's a surprise. Now go on," he 
said, and steered me towards the washroom.

     That's  one  of the nice things about living  with  someone; 
when  one  of us feels bad the other is always there to  make  us 
feel better again. I wanted to hug him, but I didn't want to  get 
_his_  clothes  dirty  too;  so  I  settled  for  giving  him  an 
affectionate lick on the cheek before I shut the bathroom door. I 
drew  the shower curtain closed and turned the water on,  setting 
the  water to as hot as I could stand, and stepped inside. For  a 
moment I stood there, gasping as the hot water soaked through  my 
fur, then I opened the shampoo bottle and started soaping up  the 
grimiest  areas  of my fur. Face, arms, ears, tail, and  even  my 
chest  and  thighs where oil had soaked through  my  clothes;  so 
grungy  I was that the soap suds formed _grey_ instead of  white. 
Finally, back under the water I ducked, rinsing away the worst of 
the oily dirt, and I turned the water temperature down to a  more 
comfortable warmth to finish my shower.

     Starting  at  my  shoulders, I  worked  liberal  amounts  of 
shampoo into my fur, then down each arm, first the left and  then 
the  right. Then back to my upper chest, massaging, enjoying  the 
feel  of my fur becoming soapy and slick under my hands,  working 
down to my breasts. As I worked, I felt myself relaxing, starting 
to  enjoy the shower as much for its pleasurable feelings as  for 
the  cleaning. Starting with my right breast, I cupped it  in  my 
hands,  gently  massaging  shampoo  into the  fur  all  over  its 
surface, enjoying the pleasurable feel of my fingers brushing the 
nipple  and  sliding over the slick fur. While  soaping,  I  paid 
close  attention  to  the feel of my  breast  under  my  fingers, 
searching  for  any irregularities that might  signal  cancer  or 
cysts.  I  felt  nothing unusual, as I knew I  wouldn't;  a  full 
physical  I  had  had only two weeks ago, with a  clean  bill  of 
health,  but  its  good to develop and keep the  habit  of  self-
examinations.  With  my left breast I  repeated  the  soaping.... 
lingering  a bit longer than necessary, enjoying the  sensations, 
pausing  for a moment to play with the nipples on  both  breasts, 
feeling  them harden under my fingers. The erotic feelings,  plus 
the  gentle spray of water on my back and the sweet smell of  the 
shampoo,  were  making me more relaxed, helping  to  relieve  the 
stress  of  the day.  Calmly, slowly, I moved my hands  into  the 
area  between my breasts, working the soap deep into the  thicker 
ruff of fur there, then sliding one hand underneath each  breast, 
back  and  forth, cupping and massaging them some  more,  feeling 
myself getting more than a little aroused from the attention.

     Finally,  I  moved on from my  breast-massaging,  continuing 
down  my  chest  and  stomach,  enjoying  the  lingering,  erotic 
feelings. After all the attention I'd given them, my nipples were 
so  hard   that I could easily see them peeking out  through  the 
soapy fur. I started back up my sides, slowly, lingering whenever 
I came close to my breasts, until my entire front and sides  were 
thoroughly  soaped  and slick. I moved away from the  spray,  and 
took  a  large, long-handled brush from its hook  by  the  shower 
head.  It's one of those brushes that you find in the  automotive 
sections of K-Mart; the kind where you pour soap into the  handle 
and  water pressure forces it out through the bristles. I  had  a 
somewhat different application in mind; with the long handle  and 
the  shampoo cavity, it's an easy and stimulating way to  shampoo 
and  scrub one's back. I still don't know what made me  think  of 
trying it, but it works like a charm. It always makes me  giggle, 
though, to imagine the inventor's face, if only he knew...

     I poured some of the shampoo into the handle, and opened the 
small  valve in the hose connecting it to the shower head.  Water 
came out of the brush for a moment, and then the soap started  to 
foam  in  the bristles. I reached behind me with  the  brush  and 
started to scrub my shoulders and back, enjoying the  stimulating 
feel of the bristles scrubbing into my fur, working the soap into 
areas  I'd  be hard-pressed to reach by hand. Lower and  lower  I 
scrubbed,  gasping at the tingly feeling the scrub-brush left  in 
its  wake,  until I reached my tail and rump. I  turned  off  the 
water valve, rinsed the bristles under the shower spray, and  set 
the  brush back on its hook. Once I get down to my tail,  soaping 
by hand is easier, and more fun, than using the brush....

     The tail was first. I knew it just _had_ to be pretty grungy 
after  crawling around a machine shop all day, so I spent a  fair 
amount of time kneading soap into the puffy, cotton-ball fur.  Of 
course,  that  wasn't the only reason I gave my  tail  plenty  of 
attention;  when  I'm turned on, the base of my  tail  gets  very 
sensitive,  and even a light touch becomes sexually arousing  and 
pleasurable.  And  I was getting pretty turned on by  now;  as  I 
slowly  kneaded my tail and the surrounding area at its  base,  I 
felt the beginnings of a warmth and wetness between my legs  that 
had nothing to do with the warm spray of water from the shower.

     But,  I don't like to leave shampoo on my fur for too  long; 
it   tends  to  make  it  frizzy.  Reluctantly,  I  stopped   the 
pleasurable  massaging and stepped back into the  spray,  turning 
back and forth, running my hands down my upper body, letting  the 
soap  wash out of my fur and down the drain until my  upper  body 
fur was clean and shiny. Then, I stepped back, and started on  my 
lower body fur...

     At  my feet I started. Since my feet are a bit  ticklish,  I 
sat down on the side of the shower to do them. Then up my calves, 
and  knees,  and  then I stood up to continue up  my  thighs  and 
around to my rump, soaping thoroughly every inch of the way,  and 
_extra_ thoroughly around my rump, tail, and inner thighs,  until 
finally....

     I  applied some more soap to my hand, and slipped  one  hand 
down  into  my  crotch, starting on the fur there.  I  gasped  in 
pleasure from the feelings, getting more and more aroused by  the 
moment.  My fingers seemed to have a life of their  own,  teasing 
theiir  way  around first the outer lips, then  the  inner  ones, 
slowly and sensuously stroking the sensitive skin inside,  making 
me shudder a little in delight. Again, I spent lots time in  this 
area, gently pleasuring myself with my slick, soapy hands rubbing 
my  against  equally slick and very  aroused  "private  regions", 
leaning  against the side of the shower and being  very  grateful 
for the non-slip stick-ons in the tub... until at last, a gentle, 
warm  ripple of pleasure my efforts produced, leaving me  panting 
slightly  as  I ducked back under the shower to  rinse  away  the 
soap.

     As I stepped out, I was surprised to notice that the  shower 
had  only  about  ten minutes taken... longer it  had  seemed.  I 
switched the water from shower to faucet, and started filling the 
tub.  I never understood why humans liked baths so much  until  I 
tried  it; while it's not much good for getting clean,  as  least 
not for us "furries", it _is_ a great way to relax. While the tub 
filled,  I  picked  up the box Gary had given  me  and  read  it. 
"Actibath carbonated bath tablets. Indulgent bath therapy. Spring 
Floral." I hadn't any idea what _that_ meant, but interesting  it 
sounded.  Following the instructions on the side, I waited  until 
the tub was about half-full, then opened the box and took out two 
foil-wrapped squares. I removed the foil wrapper from one; inside 
was  a  large,  chalky,  pale-blue  tablet  a  little  over  four 
centimeters  square, and about 1 cm thick, with a  faint  flowery 
smell. I unwrapped the other tablet, and tossed both of them into 
the  tub,  where they immediately started fizzing.  After  a  few 
moments,  the water started to turn a deep blue color,  and  give 
off  a  strong floral scent; at least, the scent  was  strong  to 
_me_, although to a human it probably wouldn't be. 

     While  it looked inviting, I didn't just jump in.  First,  I 
read  over  the box again, paying attention  to  the  ingredients 
list.  It  sounded innocuous enough to my  limited  knowledge  of 
chemistry;  apparantly it consisted mostly of sodium  bicarbonate 
(baking  soda  to the non-chemist, which along with  the  fumaric 
acid explained the energetic fizzing), fragrances, a little  blue 
dye... I'd made it a point to read a few books on these sorts  of 
things,  because unfortunately very few of the "health &  beauty" 
products  out there are made with us furries in mind and some  of 
them _do_ have adverse effects on us. If you're lucky, the  worst 
effect is that the fragrances they put in them are too strong for 
our more sensitive sense of smell; if you're _unlucky_, you could 
wake  up  with green fur or something.... Cautiously, I  put  one 
hand  in  the water for a minute or two, checking  to  make  sure 
whatever was dissolving into the water wouldn't do anything funny 
to my fur. 

     These  tablets didn't seem to be doing anything  unpleasant, 
though;  even the scent, though strong, wasn't  disagreeably  so. 
Once  the tub was full, I shut off the faucet and slowly  lowered 
myself  into the fragrant blue water, sighing as the  warm  water 
soaked through my fur, sliding down until I was immersed from the 
neck down. I closed my eyes, relaxing, letting my mind go  blank. 
I  was  _almost_  completely relaxed, when I was  startled  by  a 
sudden  hissing  sound and a tickly feeling on the bottom  of  my 
foot.  I  started,  opening my eyes and looking  around  for  the 
source  of the hissing. For a second, I couldn't figure out  what 
it was; then I saw the little white square floating around on the 
surface of the water. One of the tablets had dissolved too  small 
to keep itself submerged, and had surfaced next to my foot, which 
explained  the  tickling. I amused myself by chasing  the  little 
square  around the water with my toes until it finally  broke  up 
and dissolved away. Just as it occurred to me to wonder when  the 
second one would come up, it did... right between my legs,  still 
fizzing,  tickling the sensitive outer lips and making me  squeak 
and giggle until after a minute it too dissolved away.

     The  tickling  and  the warm water  had  gotten  my  arousal 
stirred up again; almost without thinking, my right hand  slipped 
down  between my legs again, my fingers gently teasing the  thick 
fur  covering the sensitive area below, while the left hand  came 
up to caress my breasts. Slowly, my fingers traced circles around 
each  one, first the right one, then the left, sliding  my  index 
finger underneath each breast and then teasing the thicker fur in 
the  area  between  them. After a few moments,  I  went  back  to 
stimulating  the breasts themselves, tracing smaller and  smaller 
circles  and slowly homing in on the pink nipples poking  through 
the  fur. Below, I kept teasing and stroking my thick  crotchfur, 
every  so  often pinching the fur between my fingers  and  gently 
tugging  on it, lightly tracing the outline of my  inner  regions 
without  directly  stimulating  them  just  yet,  exploring   the 
different  areas of my own body.  Unlike some people, I've  never 
been  afraid to explore my own body, or embarrassed about  giving 
myself  pleasure. So many people think that masturbating is  just 
for  giving  yourself  sexual pleasure when no  "real"  lover  is 
available, not realizing that it has other uses;  self-pleasuring 
can  be soothing and relaxing, helping to clear your mind  for  a 
while  by giving you something to concentrate on that few  things 
can distract you from, or it can relieve tension by giving you an 
outlet for pent-up energies.... it's all in how you approach it.

    Gradually,  I shifted my attention from the fur  covering  my 
muff  to  the lips themselves, taking the outer ones  between  my 
thumb and fingers. I closed my eyes again, focussing on the  feel 
of my soft, fleshy, furry outer lips, stroking them with the tips 
of  my fingers and comparing the different feelings  of  stroking 
the  furry  outer surface and the furless inner side. I  felt  my 
crotch, especially my outer lips, getting warmer under my fingers 
as blood rushed to the area in response to my growing arousal. As 
the  pleasure grew stronger, I increased the speed, stroking  the 
entire length of my slightly swollen outer lips, first one,  then 
the  other,  and sometimes using two fingers to  stroke  both  at 
once,  concentrating  not just on the sensations coming  from  my 
muff  but  from my fingers too; the wet, furry feel of  my  lips' 
outer surface, and the blood-warm, smooth feel of the inner side. 
All the while, I kept stimulating my breasts with my right  hand, 
feeling the nipples swell and harden as I rolled each one between 
my  fingers, and sometimes gently pinching them.  The  sensations 
were erotic, and yet soothing, burying the unpleasantness of  the 
day underneath the rising pleasure my own fingers were giving me.

     After  a  few minutes, I slipped my fingers from  the  outer 
lips  to the inner ones, using a lighter touch on  their  smooth, 
sensitive surface, feeling them thicken and swell under my touch, 
reveling  in the stronger sensations my gentle stroking  produced 
as  I  tried  different rates and  pressures,  sometimes  lightly 
pinching one between my thumb and finger for a few strokes. As  I 
continued  the gentle stroking, I started to pant  slightly  from 
the  heat of the water and the rising pleasure inside. By now,  I 
was thoroughly aroused, my whole body becoming more sensitive.  I 
was   deliberately  holding  back  from  giving  myself   greater 
stimulation;  often, I love to tease myself this way, seeing  how 
long I can fight my own desires at each step.

     Finally, though, my need grew uncontrollable, and I  shifted 
my  left hand away from my breasts and down to my  muff,  placing 
one  fingertip  on  either side of my clit,  caressing  the  skin 
around  it with light, feathery strokes that made me  crazy  with 
desire; again, I fought the impulse to go further, but now it was 
so much harder to resist. My hips started thrusting slowly up and 
down,  pushing into my hands and stirring up gentle waves in  the 
water. I held back for a little longer, then decided I'd tortured 
myself  long enough with this teasing and finally surrendered  to 
the  pleasure,  going all out now to release the  orgasm  I  felt 
building  inside me. Two fingers of my right hand began  to  work 
their way slowly up into my love-channel, while with my left hand 
I  circled  my  clit with my thumb and  two  fingers,  completely 
surrounding and stimulating it from the tip, sides, and hood  all 
at once. My right fingers buried themselves inside my cunt;  from 
frequent  experience, I knew right where to direct them  for  the 
best  stimulation,  and just what rhythm to use in  thrusting.  I 
closed my eyes, letting my fingers do their magic below,  feeling 
the  still-warm, sweet-smelling water surrounding me, rocking  me 
in  the gentle waves I was stirring up. A few quick,  nonspecific 
fantasies  drifted through my mind, recollections of past  lovers 
both real and imaginary, as I slowly but inexorably drove  myself 
to  the  climax  I  so badly wanted, until  finally  I  felt  the 
tingling  in my crotch that told me I was teetering on the  edge. 
For  a  moment, I considered backing off again,  holding  back  a 
little longer, but the tingly feel grew so unbearable so  quickly 
that  I  never  had a chance and I barely managed  to  stifle  my 
squeal of ecstasy as I climaxed there in the water. My  hardened, 
sensitive  nipples  were repeatedly bathed in  warm  water,  then 
exposed  to the cool air again as I rocked back and forth in  the 
tub,  kicking  up stronger waves that crested and broke  over  my 
breasts.

     Finally it was all over, and slowly, reluctantly, I slid  my 
fingers back out of my cunt and released my clit, letting  myself 
go  limp  in the water as the last echos of  orgasm  faded  away, 
leaving  behind both pleasant memories and a much more  contented 
feeling  than I'd had a while ago. The clock on the wall told  me 
that of the one-hour minimum that Gary had given me, I had  about 
ten  minutes left, so I just lay there for the rest of the  time, 
feeling my fur drift lazily in the water. When I next looked over 
at  the  clock, about twenty minutes had gone by and  I  realized 
that  at some point I must've drifted off for a quick nap. And  I 
felt  a lot better; the combination of the shower, the  nap,  and 
the  self-pleasuring  had  left me feeling  refreshed  and  alive 
again,  with the terrible day I'd had at work little more than  a 
vaguely unpleasant memory filed away somewhere.

     I  climbed  out of the tub and opened  the  drain,  dripping 
water onto the bath-mat while I watched the water spiral down the 
drain.  That  spiral motion always fascinates me, because  I  was 
born  and  raised  in  the  _southern_  hemisphere  of  Teydurax; 
although  we learned in school what causes the spiraling  motion, 
and I was always _told_ that it would spiral the opposite way  in 
the  north,  I had never been exposed to the phenomenon  until  I 
came  here.  And even though I've been living here on  Earth  for 
over  three years now and I've seen it happen dozens of times,  I 
_still_  can't get used to seeing the bath water spiral down  the 
drain in what seems to _me_ to be the _wrong_ direction!

     After  the last of the water drained away, I pulled a  towel 
off of the rack and dried myself down until I was fluffy and damp 
instead  of matted and dripping wet. I replaced the towel on  the 
rack and searched around for the blow-dryer, which wasn't on  its 
hook. After a few moments of searching, I was forced to  conclude 
that  the  dryer wasn't anywhere to be found in the  bathroom.  I 
sighed,  wrapped  a large bath towel around me, and  stepped  out 
into  the kitchen where Gary was just finishing a second  set  of 
dishes.  The oven was on, so I knew he'd been cooking - he  loves 
to cook - but I had no clue as to _what_ he'd been cooking. All I 
could smell was that lemon-scented air deodorizer - the kind they 
use in hospitals that not only add the lemon scent to the air but 
also  partially kill your sense of smell - he uses when he  wants 
to  surprise  me. He turned to look at me as I came  out  of  the 
bathroom, dried his hands on the dishtowel, and came over to give 
me a firm hug. "Feel better now, honeybunny?" he asked.

     I nodded, and gave him a warm, although slightly damp hug in 
return.  He  leaned closer, as if to kiss me; but  instead  of  a 
kiss,  he  gently licked my muzzle on both  sides,  grooming  the 
short muzzlefur with his tongue, while one hand slipped higher to 
scratch  me tenderly behind the ears. I melted into this  display 
of  tenderness, returning the favor with a few well-placed  licks 
of  my  own (while humans don't have a muzzle as such,  it's  the 
thought  that  counts).  I am given to understand  that  Gary  is 
something  of  a rarity among humans; although it took  a  little 
while  for  him  to  make the adjustment  at  first,  he  is  now 
comfortable   with  and  enjoys  the  "furry"  ways  of   showing 
affection, including the various licks, nuzzles, and gentle  nips 
that most humans seem to find so objectionable. (Something  which 
I've never been able to get a satisfactory explanation for;  most 
of  them  tolerate  and even enjoy recieving the  same  forms  of 
affection  from their nonsentient pets, yet recoil from the  idea 
of  giving it to or recieving it from another sentient.) After  a 
few moments of mutual affection, we pulled away again, and I felt 
a  warm glow inside..... and a slight chill outside from my  damp 
fur.  "Gary,  have  you seen the blow-dryer?  It's  not   in  the 
bathroom where it belongs."

     With a smile, he took my hand and led me to the living room; 
I followed, sensing he had another surprise for me in there.  And 
he  did, too; he had draped two giant beach towels on the  couch, 
and  the blowdryer was lying on the floor. He led me over to  the 
couch, and then untied the knot holding the bath towel around  my 
body, letting the towel fall to the floor. He took me in his arms 
again,  giving  me  a firm, loving hug and  a  deep  kiss,  while 
ruffling  the fur on my back; when the kiss ended, I  slowly  lay 
down  on the couch, stretched out on my stomach. Gary  picked  up 
the dryer and started to blowdry me, directing the stream of  hot 
air  through  my  fur.  Normally, one  wouldn't  think  of  being 
blowdried as a particularly erotic activity, but lying naked on a 
couch  while  your roomate and lover not only dries you  off  but 
runs  his  fingers through your fur can be  a  uniquely  arousing 
feeling.  I sighed, and closed my eyes, enjoying  this  treatment 
and the friendship behind it. 

     "OK, honeybunny, turn over now." I obeyed, rolling over onto 
my  back.  As Gary continued the blowdrying  and  massaging,  the 
erotic feelings became stronger as the warm airstream passed over 
my  still-sensitive nipples and muff... and I could _swear_  that 
Gary  spent  a little more time than necessary in  those  places, 
although  the expression on his face was perfectly  innocent  all 
the while. Finally, though, I was dry all over again. In a couple 
more  months, when my winterfur came in, a brushing would be  the 
next step; but now, with my fur still short, it settled back into 
place naturally as Gary stroked my fur "with the grain" with  his 
hands.  I felt clean, relaxed, loved... and somewhat  sleepy.  He 
lay down on the couch beside me, and we snuggled together, not in 
the least concerned about my current state of undress. I  vaguely 
remember him turning on the TV, but I don't remember now what was 
on...  I fell asleep in his arms almost as soon as we'd  snuggled 
up comfortably. Next thing I remember was Gary gently shaking  me 
awake, telling me that dinner was almost done.

     I  followed  him  into  the  kitchen,  not  remembering   or 
particularly  caring  that  I was still in the  fur,  and  poured 
myself  a  big mug of coffee. I could smell dinner  now.  "Smells 
like you made..." I sniffed again to make sure, then set down the 
coffee  and  gave Gary a huge, delighted hug. "You  did!  It's  a 
pizza, isn't it!" He nodded, smiling, and my mouth watered at the 
prospect. Anyone who wonders what's so special about a pizza  has 
never tried one of Gary's made-from-scratch pizzas; he makes them 
deep-dish  style,  at  least five  centimeters  thick,  with  six 
different  cheeses, about a pound of pepperoni,  sausage,  bacon, 
green peppers, onions, and a spicy sauce that he keeps a closely-
guarded  secret.  He even makes the dough himself, to  a  certain 
extent;  although he does use a store-bought mix, he  still  adds 
some  parmesan cheese, poppy seed, and butter seasonings  to  the 
mix  to make a flavored crust. I hate to brag about his  cooking, 
but I can honestly say I've never met a person _yet_ who _hasn't_ 
liked it. He says it comes from the fact that in his  high-school 
years his dad was often away on consulting jobs; either you learn 
to  cook,  or  you live out of McDonald's for weeks  at  a  time. 
Personally, I just think he has a talent for it. As he pulled the 
bubbling pizza out of the oven, I couldn't wait to sink my  teeth 
into  it. But we _had_ to wait for a few minutes; it has to  cool 
off  some  so the cheeses will solidify enough that  the  layered 
toppings  won't collapse in a gooey (but still  delicious)  mess. 
The smell made me hungrier by the moment.

     Finally, it was cooled off enough to eat, and we each took a 
generous portion before returning to the living room to eat. This 
is definitely a "fork" pizza.... there's no way it could  support 
its  own  weight if you tried to pick up anything larger  than  a 
bite-sized square of it. Gary rewound the tape in the VCR, and we 
ate pizza and watched "TaleSpin" and "Tiny Toon Adventures".

     After we were done eating, Gary put our dishes in the  sink, 
wrapped  the  leftover pizza, and put it in the fridge.  Then  we 
snuggled  together  again,  still in front of  the  TV,  watching 
"Quantum Leap" (don't get the idea we spend lots of time watching 
TV though; there's only about 5 shows we make it a point never to 
miss.  Those  three, plus "Star Trek" and now  that  new  "Flash" 
series.  Anything else.... well, we _might_ watch it  _if_  we're 
_really_ bored....). After the credits rolled, we turned off  the 
set,  and  Gary turned on the stereo instead, putting one  of  my 
favorite  discs (Ray Lynch's "Deep Breakfast") in the  player.  I 
debated getting dressed again, but before I could make up my mind 
Gary  had  dimmed  the lights and snuggled next to  me  again.  A 
pleasantly smoky, fruity odor was drifting though the room, and I 
realized  that  somewhere  along the way he had lit  a  stick  of 
incense which was now smoldering in its holder on top of the TV.

     "Really  going all out tonight, aren't you?" I said to  him, 
as  I nestled closer, feeling his arms wrap around me. He  looked 
at me, and gave me a lick on the muzzle.

     "No  more  than you deserve, honeybunny. I don't  know  what 
happened  at  work today, but I think you need to be  pampered  a 
bit, hm?" He hugged me close, and smiled. "Besides, what's  wrong 
with me liking to do nice things for you?"

     "Nothing  at all, _koramado_, nothing at all." The  word  is 
from  the  little-used international language of  Esperanto,  and 
means  "a  long-lasting love of the heart."  I've  forgotten  now 
where I read that, but it's an accurate enough description of our 
relationship and feelings for one another, and through some quirk 
of memory it was the first thing I thought of when we got to  the 
point  of  using "pet" names for each other. I  wrapped  my  arms 
around him, holding him close. I wasn't sure yet if he was in the 
mood  for lovemaking or just loving; either one would  have  been 
fine  with me, but for all I knew he might have had a tiring  day 
too and might just want to cuddle for a while. So I just gave him 
a  few gentle licks on his cheeks and nose. But that didn't  stop 
me from wanting, and hoping for, more....

     He  must  have  sensed my wants, or maybe it  was  just  the 
combination  of  our  cozy position  and  the  darkened,  relaxed 
setting he'd set up; for after a few minutes he started  stroking 
my  fur in a more intimate way, bringing his hands closer to  the 
more  sensitive area around my tail, while licking my muzzle  and 
whiskers. Slowly, I melted under his attentions, responding  with 
my  own gentle licks and cuddles, and slipped a  hand  underneath 
his  shirt  to  caress his back, enjoying  the  unusual  but  not 
unpleasant  feel of a human's bare skin under my hand. Slowly,  I 
started  to  slip  his shirt off his body;  after  a  moment,  he 
stopped  stroking me long enough to remove his shirt and  lay  it 
aside,  and  then we cuddled back together  again.  The  familiar 
scent  and feel of a warm human body pressed against me  felt  so 
good...  and he always tells me that the feel of my  fur  against 
his skin is pleasurable to him too. I was getting aroused  again, 
and  as  he pressed closer to me I could feel the  bulge  in  his 
jeans  that  indicated he was getting turned on too. I  slid  one 
hand  down to the front of his jeans, and slowly  unfastened  the 
button  and zipper; as I started to work the waist of  his  jeans 
down  his  thighs, he responded with a more passionate  kiss  and 
more deliberate pleasuring of my tail, making me wriggle  against 
him in delight.

     Slowly,  I worked his jeans down as far as I could,  and  he 
kicked  them  off the rest of the way, letting them fall  to  the 
floor.  His  arousal was immediately obvious through  the  cotton 
briefs  he  wore  underneath, and I  myself  was  feeling  pretty 
steamed up at this point. I hooked my fingers into the elastic of 
his briefs and slid them down, a little more eagerly, sitting  up 
on  the couch to pull his briefs completely off,  then  snuggling 
back  down again, enjoying the feel of our nude  bodies  pressing 
together and especially the feel of his cock hardening against my 
thigh. I ground my hips against his, sensuously; by this time, of 
course,  our mutual desire was quite obvious to both of  us,  and 
without  a  word  he pressed his lips against  mine  in  a  deep, 
passionate  kiss.  I  parted my lips as I felt  his  tongue  push 
against  them;  his tongue slipped into my mouth, and  mine  into 
his, and for a long time we lay there, our tongues entwining  and 
searching  each other's mouths, making both of us more  and  more 
aroused.  I  started massaging his back, and he  reciprocated  by 
sliding  one  hand back up my front to massage my breasts.  As  I 
stiffened  in delight and surprise, he slowly broke the kiss  and 
started  planting small kisses down my throat and chest,  heading 
towards  my  breasts  until finally I  felt  his  tongue  licking 
around and around the surface of my left breast, until at last he 
took the nipple in his mouth and started to suck on it gently.

     I  gasped, closed my eyes, and moaned softly,  savoring  the 
pleasure of his tender suckling. Finally, though, I just couldn't 
resist  anymore;  I slipped one hand around to  his  chest,  then 
slowly  down  his  front, down to his  crotch,  where  I  started 
brushing  his hardened cock with the furry back side of my  hand. 
He  gasped and gave me a startled look, but never let up  on  his 
suckling;  slowly,  he  transferred his  attention  to  my  other 
breast,  and  started to thrust his hips slowly against  mine.  I 
moved my other hand down his back until I was kneading his  rump; 
from experience, I know just what drives him crazy.... and  right 
now  I _wanted_ him crazy. But it was _me_ who was  being  driven 
crazy;  his  unrelenting licking, nibbling, and  suckling  on  my 
breasts was making me warmer and wetter by the second.

     Finally, Gary let up on my overstimulated breasts and worked 
his  way  down, planting little kisses on my stomach on  the  way 
down, until I felt his tongue tracing the outlines of my muff.  I 
squealed softly and pushed against him; he took this as a  signal 
for  more, and slowly worked his tongue between the  outer  lips, 
licking  up and down my slit, making me pant softly. Suddenly,  I 
wanted  him  so badly I could barely stand it. I  moaned  louder, 
spread  my legs a little wider, and ran my hands up and  down  my 
chest  and stomach, relishing the pleasures rippling  through  my 
body, wondering how much more I could stand before I went totally 
crazy. "Ohhhh, Gary.... don't stop, _koramado_, don't stop..." In 
response, he moved his tongue up to my clit and delicately licked 
all  around  the  sensitive button. Almost unable  to  bear  that 
probing,  merciless  tonguing, I writhed on the  couch,  moaning, 
until  at last I shuddered in a sudden, intense climax. Gary  sat 
back, looking pleased with himself.

     Half-crazy  with sudden lust, I dove forward, taking  Gary's 
hardened  maleness  into my mouth and sucking  furiously.  "Jeez, 
Kerja!" he cried, startled. After a moment, he relaxed again, and 
started  rubbing  my  shoulders. "You must want  it  pretty  bad, 
honeybunny." I nodded, still licking his penis up and down,  just 
as  relentlessly as he'd tongued me a moment ago. Now it was  his 
turn to moan and pant under my treatment, as I licked the  smooth 
surface.  Since he was already pretty excited at this  point,  it 
wasn't very long before Gary's grip on my shoulders tightened and 
I was rewarded by a stream of thick, salty fluid spurting into my 
mouth  and  trickling  down  my throat.  I  swallowed  his  cream 
eagerly, until there was no more left; I released his cock with a 
few  final licks, then lay back, licking my lips. Slowly  he  lay 
down  with  me,  and we went back to  kissing  and  licking  each 
others' cheeks. He'd come a little sooner that I would've  liked, 
but  he  generally does the first time, especially when  I  don't 
give  him the chance to hold back. I knew he'd last a lot  longer 
the second time around, as soon as we'd both recovered....

     He recuperated sooner than I expected, too; almost before  I 
knew  it, his still-hardened maleness was pushing against my  wet 
muff,  slowly  easing  its  way into me. I  arched  my  back  and 
squealed  softly  as he entered me, spreading my legs  wider  and 
bringing  my knees up until my feet were flat on the bed,  giving 
him  room  and the proper angle for deeper  penetration.  But  he 
didn't plunge into me, like I wanted; instead, he slowed down his 
initial thrust, sliding into me a centimeter at a time, until  by 
the  time he was all the way inside and I felt his balls  resting 
against  my outer lips I was shivering in anticipation. Then,  he 
slid back out again, still going slowly, then back in again. Each 
thrust  was a slow, centimeter-by-centimeter movement, giving  me 
just  enough stimulation to make me crazy and yet denying me  the 
more  intense  action I wanted. I kept hoping he'd  up  the  pace 
soon, but he just kept driving me mad with unsatisfied lust  with 
that slow, deliberate thrusting, always keeping me just below the 
boiling  point but never letting me release the  building  orgasm 
inside me. Gary's only of average size, about 15  centimeters.... 
but when he starts doing this kind of thing to me, he's a perfect 
example of the saying about the skill of the operator being  more 
important than the size of the tool. 

     Excruciating  delight  is the only way I  can  describe  the 
feelings;  I  was  so  desperate to climax  that  it  was  almost 
painful.  I tried to bring myself off by reaching down to rub  my 
clit,  but Gary held my arms down against my sides; when I  tried 
to increase the pace by thrusting my hips up against him, he held 
me down. No matter what I tried, he countered it, denying me  any 
stimulation except what he was giving me himself. Finally, I just 
couldn't stand the unbearable, torturing pleasure another second. 
"Please,  _koramado_,"  I  whimpered,  "_please_....  please  let 
me...."  Immediately he shifted from slow to fast,  thrusting  in 
and  out as rapidly as he could. The sudden change of rhythm  and 
the feel of his smooth cock plunging into me brought me to climax 
instantly; I squealed so loudly I'm sure they must've heard it in 
the next apartment, digging my claws into the couch cushions. The 
constant  slow thrusting must've been keeping him near  the  edge 
too, because a few moments later, just as I was coming down  from 
my  own climax, I felt a single violent thrust and then his  cock 
started to throb inside me, and a few seconds later I could  feel 
the  warmth of his cream jetting into me as he too cried out  his 
ecstasy.

     Afterwards, we lay side-by-side, cuddling, listening to  the 
music  as  the disc spun towards its end. After the  final  notes 
played,  Gary got up and turned off the stereo and  lights,  then 
lay back onto the couch. We snuggled together, and drifted off to 
sleep  wrapped in each others' arms. It was hard to believe  that 
only  a few hours ago I'd been frustrated and cranky; now,  lying 
nestled  into the arms of my human friend and lover, I felt  warm 
and secure, and happy.....

     And it was only Friday night, too....
--
