Archive-name: 3plus/hot-tub.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Hot Tub, The


Mike tugged his swimming trunks up his lean body and zipped the
front of the trunks.  Picking up a towel and his motel key, he
opened the door and stepped out into the hall.

Suddenly, he was confronted with a vision of loveliness.  A tall,
statuesque brunette was coming down the hall.  She was followed
by a tall, well built man with short blonde hair.  The woman
smiled at him as they passed.  Turning to watch, Mike saw that
they stopped at the door next to his and the man unlocked the
door with a key.  They both nodded at him before they went into
the room.

"Umm, some neighbor I've got," Mike thought to himself as he
headed toward the elevator to take him down to the hot tub.  Mike
was alone on a business trip and feeling very horny.  He had just
returned from a late dinner and had decided to soak in the hotel
hot tub before turning in.  It was about 10 o'clock, and Mike
figured that about 30 minutes in the hot water aught to relieve
the tension he had developed during the meetings he had sat
through all day.

When he reached the hot tub, located in a little glassed in
building beside the swimming pool, he discovered that it was
deserted.  He placed his towel and key on a bench near the tub
and eased himself down into the hot water.  He gasped as the hot
water soaked through his swim suit, causing him to involuntarily
reach down and grasp his balls.  He slid down neck deep in the
water and sat back in the little seat, leaning back and closing
his eyes as the heat soaked into his body.

"Hi, Neighbor," a sultry voice brought his eyes open with a
start.  Looking up, he saw the brunette and her husband standing
by the tub.  "May we join you?"

"Sure," he grinned at them.  The brunette had on one of the
skimpiest bikinis he had ever seen outside of a strip show.  Her
large breasts were barely covered by the two small triangles of
cloth held in place by a string around her ribs and two more
strings coming from the top of each triangle and tied behind her
neck.  The bottom of the bikini was a small wisp of cloth which
barely covered her pubic area.  She appeared to be about 30 or
so, and her skin, and Mike could see a lot of it, was lightly
tanned and flawlessly smoothe.  Her husband, who also appeared to
be about 30ish, wore a pair of zip up the front trunks similar to
the ones Mike was wearing.  He was darker than she was, and Mike
was surprised by the apparent bulge in the crotch of his bathing
suit.  Normally, he didn't notice men like that, but this was
hard to ignore.  The guy must really be hung.  Mike almost
chuckled to himself.  This gal would probably flip if she knew
that he was even larger than her husband appeared to be.  At 35,
Mike was still in good shape, with a firm tanned body and a dick
which his wife swore was the largest she had ever seen, and she
had seen a few before they had gotten married.

The woman stepped down into the water and slid down into a seat
facing Mike.  The man gasped when his balls contacted the water. 
The woman laughed at him as he eased himself down and seated
himself beside her.

The woman leaned back, letting her long legs extend out in front
of her toward Mike.  Her large breasts appeared to be floating on
the water, the thin material covering them, clearly outlining her
nipples.  Mike caught himself staring at them, and quickly
glanced at her eyes to see if she had noticed.  He knew from the
gleam in her eye that she was very aware of where he had been
looking.  He glanced at her husband and was surprised to see a
smile on his face.

"Nice pair of tits, aren't they," he said with a grin.  Mike
didn't quite know what to say, but the woman chuckled.

"Don't let him embarass you," she told Mike.  "He likes to watch
the expressions on other men's faces when they know they've been
caught staring at my boobs."

"Those aren't boobs, Honey, those are TITS," her husband
chuckled.  "Don't you agree?" he asked Mike.

Mike grinned.  "I certainly do," he smiled at the woman.

"I'm Paula and this is Tom, my husband," Paula introduced
themselves.

"I'm Mike," Mike replied.  "I guess we're in adjoining rooms."

"Yeah," Tom said.  "When Paula looked out the window and saw you
come in here, after seeing you in the hall, she talked me into
coming down to join you."

"It didn't take much talking," she laughed.  "All I have to do is
jiggle my tits or wiggle my ass and he'll do anything," she
grinned at Mike.

"I don't blame him," Mike laughed.

"Yeah, these things will get you anything you want from me," Tom
said, reaching over and squeezing the nearest breast through the
thin bikini top.  "How about it, Mike, wouldn't you do almost
anything for a look at a pair of tits like these?"

"Yeah, I guess I would," Mike agreed, surprised at the turn the
conversation was taking.

"Anything?" Paula raised her eyebrows.  Mike stared as Tom
reached behind her neck and untied the strings holding the two
small triangles up.  Then, taking hold of one string, he slowly
pulled it down, gradually exposing her breast to his gaze.  Mike
saw that she had no tan line as Tom pulled the material down off
of her nipple.  Her nipple was dark, standing out against the
lightly tanned flesh around it, and she was obviously excited
because the nipple was hard and erect.  Tom slid his hand up and
cupped her breast, squeezing and manipulating it.

"Your nipples are hard," he said, pinching it between his thumb
and forefinger.

"So is your dick," she said, sliding her hand over to him under
the water.

"Is Mike's dick hard?" Tom asked her.  She extended a foot,
sliding it right up between his legs, feeling his crotch with the
bottom of her foot.

"It sure is, and he's at least as well hung as you are!" she
gasped.

"You're kidding," Tom said.  "She told me in the room that you
were well equipped," he told Mike.  "She sizes up every man she
meets."

Mike couldn't believe it.  Paula was sliding her foot up and down
along the length of his dick, which was standing straight up in
his bathing suit.  And Tom had both of his wife's breasts
uncovered and was massaging them right there in front of Mike. 
And judging by the movement of her shoulders, she was playing
with his dick under the water.

"Why don't you move over hear where you can see my tits better,
Mike?" Paula suggested.  Mike couldn't believe her invitation,
but he glanced at her husband and saw him grinning.  Mike slid
over into a seat next to Paula, on the other side of her from her
husband.  He looked down at the big tits floating above the
surface of the water.

Mike felt Paula's hand touch his leg.  She slid her hand down to
the inside of his thigh and up to his crotch.  Her fingers traced
the bulge in his bathing suit, al the way from the root to where
the tip of his dick was trying to push its way out the top of his
bathing suit.  She squeezed his dick through his suit.

"Tom, you wouldn't believe the size of this man's dick!" she told
her husband.

"Is is out of his bathing suit?" Tom asked.

"No, but it's trying to get out all by itself," Paula giggled.

"Well, Mike, why don't you let the poor thing out?" Tom said,
reaching down under the water and obviously unfastening his suit.

"Yeah, I like that," Paula said, her right arm moving as she
obviously manipulated her husband's prick with one hand while she
continued to squeeze Mike's cock with the other hand.

"Come on, Mike,  get your dick out," Paula said.  Mike unfastened
his suit and unzipped it.  His dick sprang out through the
opening into Paula's hand.

"Wow," Paula gasped, wrapping her hand around it and sliding her
fist up and down along the shaft.  "Tom, this thing really is
bigger than yours!"

"How about it, Mike, would you really do almost anything to get
hold of these tits?" Tom asked.

"Well," Mike hesitated.

"Maybe we had better explain," Paula said.  "We have had this
fantasy for some time, and this is the first time we have had a
chance to live it out.  Tom wants to watch me make it with
another man.  And I want to get thoroughly screwed while he
watches.  So, how about it?  Are you willing to get it on with me
while he watches?"

Mike couldn't believe his ears.  He hesitated.  Then, putting all
caution aside he said, "You bet!"

"Great," Tom said.  "Let's go back to the room where we won't be
interrupted."

Paula quickly pulled her bikini top up and retied it behind her
neck, adjusting the two patches of cloth over her tits.  Mike
carefully zipped his bathing suit up over his hardon, struggling
to accomplish this without injuring himself.

"Come on, guys," Paula said, standing up.  Tom and Mike both rose
to their feet.  "You guys are gonna have to carry your towels in
front of you," she giggled.

Mike and Tom headed for the elevator with Paula between them.  In
the elevator on the way up to their floor, Paula suddenly reached
down and slid her hand behind Mike's towel.

"Just checking to be sure it's still hard," she told him.  Tom
laughed.

When they entered the room, they all stood and stared at each
other for a few moments.

Finally, Tom broke the silence.  "Why don't the two of you get
acquainted while I go take a pee," he suggested.  He disappeared
into the bathroom.

Paula immediately moved up against Mike.  He put his arms around
her waist and kissed her.  As they kissed, he felt her lips part
and her tongue flicked the end of his tongue.  Soon they were
french kissing madly and Mike's hands were sliding up and down
her back.  When their lips finally parted, Mike looked into her
eyes.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" he asked her.

"You bet," she replied, rubbing her bare belly against the hardon
bulging out in the front of his bathing suit.  He grinned and
slid his hands down, cupping the cheeks of her ass and pulling
her against him.  She put her arms around his neck and kissed him
again.  He slid one hand up to the back of her neck and untied
the string.  When their lips parted, he pulled his head back and
looked down.  The bikini top was sort of hanging on the end of
her nipples.  She giggled and shook her tits, causing the
material to slide completely down off of them, exposing the two
beautiful orbs to his eyes.

Mike kissed her again, letting one hand slide up under armpit and
around onto her breast.  He cupped it in his hand, feeling the
warm firmness nestle into his palm.  He squeezed and massaged it,
working from the base out to her hard jutting nipples.

Tom came back into the room from the bathroom.  "Don't mind me,"
he told them.  He went over and sat down in a chair by the bed,
watching them.

Mike kissed his way down Paula's neck and down over the tops of
her sloping breasts.  He ran his tongue around the hard nipple,
then took it between his lips, sucking it into his mouth.  Paula
gasped with pleasure as he sucked on it.

While he sucked her tit, Mike slid a hand down her hip and down
onto her thigh.  The hand moved around between her thighs and
slowly slid up between her warm soft legs until he had his hand
palming her pussy through her bikini.  His fingers slipped up and
down along her crack, feeling the heat through the thin material. 
He could feel her clit protruding from between her cunt lips.  He
slid his hand down inside the top of the bikini and down to the
top of her slit.  He was surprized to find that there was no cunt
hair.  She was clean shaven!

Mike's finger dipped down into the top of her slit, finding her
hard protruding clit.  He rolled it with his finger, bringing a
gasp of pleasure from her lips.  He slid his finger further down
into her slit, feeling the juices flowing around his finger as he
found her hole and inserted the tip of his finger.

Suddenly, she pulled away from him and reached down and quickly
slipped the bikini off, letting it fall to the floor.  Then she
unfastened his bathing suit, unzipping it.  His hardon sprang out
through the opening into her hand.

"Ohh, yes," she said, wrapping her fingers around the thick cock
and sliding her hand up and down the length of the shaft.  "Look
at this, Tom.  Isn't this a beauty."

"It sure is," Tom agreed.  Mike saw that Tom had a beauty of his
own.  He had unfastened his suit and was stroking a huge boner,
his hand sliding up and down along a shaft that may have been
slightly thicker than Mike's, but was not quite as long.

Mike kissed Paula again, his hands sliding all over her tits and
her hand working on his dick.  Mike kissed his way down her front
to her magnificent breasts.  He lifted one to his lips, kissing
and licking the large hard nipple.  He sucked her nipple into his
mouth, causing a gasp to come from her lips.  As Mike continued
to suck her tits, he slid a hand up between her legs.  She parted
her legs as he gently inserted a fingertip into her slit,
searching back between her legs for her pussy hole.  When he
reached her juicy hole, he slid a fingertip in, then began to
finger her, working his finger farther and farther up into her.

Suddenly, Paula pushed his head away from her breasts and pulled
his finger out of her pussy.  Pulling him by the dick, she led
him to the side of the bed, right in front of the chair where Tom
sat.  She sat down on the bed and pulled Mike up in front of her. 
Bending forward, she pulled his dick to her mouth.  She licked
the big knob, running her tongue all around the slit in the end,
licking the juice leaking from it.  Mike groaned as she sucked
the knob into her mouth.  Pressing forward, she began to work it
deeper and deeper into her mouth, until at least half of his dick
had disappeared between her lips.  Then she slid her mouth back,
sucking as his dick reappeared from her lips.  Her head began to
move back and forth as she sucked vigorously on his dick.

Tom had risen to his feet and was standing beside Mike, watching
his wife's mouth as she sucked the big dick.  Tom was still
stroking his monster hardon as he watched the action.

Finally, Paula released his dick from her mouth and leaned back,
supporting herself on her elbows.  Mike dropped to his knees in
front of her, his lips tracing their way up the soft inside of
her thigh.  She groaned when his lips reached her smoothe-shaven
pussy.  He licked up and down her crack, delving his tongue down
into her slit and tasting her juices.  She pulled her legs up and
spread them wide, propping her heels on the bed rail.

Mike was sucking her pussy in earnest now, licking and nibbling
her clit, and swiping his tongue up and down the full length of
her pussy.  She was moaning and groaning in ecstasy.  Tom,
standing beside them watching, seemed to be enjoying it almost as
much as Mike and Paula.

Suddenly, Paula grabbed Mike's head and pulled his mouth hard
against her pussy.  She let out a shreik as she came, his lips
fastened around her clit.  Finally, she released his head and
dropped back on the bed, flat on her back, her legs still spread
wide.

"Fuck her, man," Tom told him.  Mike stood up and moved up
between Paula's widespread legs.  Taking his big dick in his
hand, he rubbed the head up and down in her open slit, then
lowered the end to her hole.  Pressing forward, he watched his
shaft slowly disappear up her cunt.  Paula groaned as he slid
smoothly up into her.  Mike continued to press forward until his
pubic hair was pressed tightly against her smoothe-shaven mons,
his dick totally buried in her hot, wet pussy.

"Wow," Tom breathed, standing beside them, looking down at his
wife's pussy as Mike slowly withdrew his dick, sliding out until
only the end was in, then reversed direction and pushed it back
up into her again.  Mike began to screw her in earnest, his hips
working as he pumped his big dick in and out of her pussy.

Paula raised her legs and wrapped them around Mike's waist.  He
bent over her, supporting himself on his elbows as he fucked her. 
Tom moved directly behind them, squatting down and watching
Mike's dick slide in and out of Paula's clasping pussy.

Mike felt Paula's hands on his back, sliding up and down his
spine.  Then her hands were on his buttocks, pulling and pushing
as he fucked her.

Suddenly, Mike realized that Paula was looking over his shoulder,
evidently watching something Tom was doing.  Mike started to turn
his head to look, when he felt Tom move up against him, rubbing
his big dick up and down in the crack of Mike's ass.

Paula tightened her grip on Mike's ass, pulling him tightly
against her, his dick buried up to the hilt in her pussy.  Her
hands on his ass were pulling his crack wide open as Mike pressed
the end of his big dick against Mike's ass hole.

"Hey," Mike exclaimed as Tom pressed forward.  Mike felt his ass
hole opening up under the pressure from the end of Tom's dick. 
Slowly, ever so slowly, he felt the end of the big dick enter his
ass hole.  He didn't quite know what to do.  In a way, he wanted
to tear himself free from Paula and shove Tom's dick out of his
ass, but there was another feeling, too.  His dick was buried up
to the balls in Paula's hot pussy and the big dick pushing up
into his ass was heightening the pleasure of her pussy on his
dick.

As Tom pressed forward, the huge dick making its way up into his
ass was stretching his asshole almost unbearable.  His rectum was
burning from the stretching.  Tom had about two inches in now. 
He withdrew a little, then pressed forward again, sinking farther
in.  Then withdrawing again, he pressed forward, gaining another
inch or so.  Mike felt like he was being split wide open. 
However, as Tom continued to thrust and withdraw, thrust and
withdraw, Mike's ass began to relax and accommodate the big dick
screwing its way up into his backside.  Finally, Tom held still,
Mike's asshole stuffed with dick.  Mike thought his must have it
all the way in.  Then, Mike withdrew and suddenly thrust forward
again.  He hadn't had it all the way in before, but not there was
no doubt that it was buried in his ass.  Mike felt the head far
up inside of his, feeling like it was hitting him in the back of
the balls.  He felt Tom's belly against his ass.  Then he felt
Tom withdraw and slide home again.  Mike's asshole was accepting
Tom's dick now, taking the full length as he began to slide it in
and out, screwing him in the butt.

As Tom screwed Mike in the ass, Mike began to move on his own
again.  His hips rocked back and forth, moving his dick in and
out of Paula's pussy and at the same time, fucking his ass hole
back and forth on the big dick behind him.  Paula was about to go
out of her mind under him.  She was gyrating her pelvis and
shoving her pussy up at him.  Tom, behind him, was beginning to
grunt and gasp with his thrusts.  Mike knew he was about to come
and he sensed the closeness of the other two.  Suddenly, he
raised, supporting his upper body on his outstretched hands and
began to pump his hips back and forth.  His dick was slamming in
and out of Paula's pussy and Tom was holding still, just letting
Mike fuck himself in the ass.

Paula let out a shreik as she began to come.  With a grunt, Mike
slammed forward, burying his huge dick in her cunt as he began to
spew spurt after spurt of cum up her spasming pussy.  Tom began
to thrust vigorously, slamming his dick in and out of Mike's ass,
then he shoved forward with a cry and buried his dick in Mike's
clutching butt hole as he shot spurt after spurt of cum up his
ass.Mike collapsed on top of Paula and Tom settled down on Mike's
back.

After a bit, Paula began to stir.  "Hey, Guys, I'm getting mashed
under here," her muffled voice proclaimed.  Tom raised up and
pulled his dick out of Mike's ass, rolling sideways and flopping
on his back on the bed.  Mike pulled his dick out of Paula's
pussy and rolled to the other side, lying on his back beside
Paula.  She raised up and grinned at them.

"Wow, that was almost like getting fucked by two dicks at one,"
she told them.

Tom raised up on one elbow and looked across at Mike.  "I think
we might be able to arrange that, don't you, Mike?" he asked with
a grin.

"Yeah, we sure can," he agreed.  "As soon as we get out breath,
why don't you fuck her pussy and I'll fuck her ass."

"Sounds good to me," Tom agreed.

"Oh, boy, I've always wanted to get double-fucked," Paula
enthused.

--
