
                                  HOT-COCK.TXT

                              MY COCK-CRAZY WIFE!

                             (Another Hot Wife Tale)
                                 By J. BOSWELL
      
     My wife, Susan, is five feet, one inch tall, under a hundred pounds -- a
tiny lady. She is a beautiful, red-haired, green-eyed, sexy, young woman. She
has great legs, a tight, round ass, and the biggest tits imaginable on such a
petite frame. They don't sag and look positively mouthwatering without a bra.

      I love Susan very much and respect her as a person, but I have to admit
that what first caught my eye were these huge, firm 34-D's on such a tiny girl.

      We've been married a little over five years, and have had a great
marriage -- until now.

      Susan has a much older sister, Linda, who looks completely different from
Susan. Linda is tall and skinny (not thin -- skinny), probably 5'10" or 5'11",
with no ass or tits. Anyway, Linda is a very successful realtor living in San
Diego, and we hadn't seen her since our wedding day. We exchanged Christmas
cards and photos, and the sisters called each other, but that was it, until
last month.

      I don't get to travel as often as I used to (damned FAX machines!), so
when I was assigned a trip to San Diego, I called Susan right away and
suggested she join me so she could visit her sister.

      Susan wanted to surprise Linda so we didn't announce our arrival, and
instead, we just drove to her house, walked up to the front door, and rang the
bell. There was no answer.

      Susan suggested we look around back in case Linda was in the pool or
gardening. As we approached the high privacy fence around the pool area, we
heard voices. Both Susan and I pushed our faces close to the fence and peeked
between the redwood slats.

      I had never seen anything like it in my life! Linda was face down on
several towels, on her knees with her ass high in the air, while this tan,
young guy was ramming in and out of her cunt with the biggest cock I have ever
seen on a man -- and it wasn't just long, it was thick, too.

      And that's when all my troubles began!

      Watching Susan's reaction to the sight before us, I could see that she
was completely turned-on.

      A virgin when we married, she had often told me that my normal six-inch
cock was perfect and that even it stretched her tight cunt at times. I'm sure
she had never even imagined a cock the size of the one plowing into her sister.
I have seen more than a few x-rated videos, and the cock I was watching was
bigger than any I had ever seen, even on the famous professional stars. I felt
major male insecurities at that moment.

      I saw that this wasn't the right time to disturb Linda and her friend and
I pulled Susan away from the fence. We returned to the rental car and waited
about an hour. Later, when Linda opened the door to our knock, the two sisters
had a happy, tear-filled reunion and we met Jason, the guy now living with
Linda.

      At 20 years old, Jason was 21 years Linda's junior, and was almost five
years younger than Susan and I. He was muscle-beefy, tanned, and blonde -- the
perfect California stud. Over dinner, we found out that Jason had been Linda's
pool maintenance boy before he moved in with her.

      Linda insisted that Susan and I stay with her and Jason, so after dinner
we collected our things from the hotel and drove back out to Linda's house.
There was a note on our bed asking us to join them out at the pool.

      It was a beautiful night and the pool area was beautifully lit. Linda was
on a chaise, her skinny body wrapped in two thin strips of red cloth passing
for a bikini. Jason was in long white swim trunks, and the long, thick outline
of his soft cock was clearly visible, and not missed by Susan's blatant stare.

      We had had drinks before dinner and almost finished three bottles of wine
with dinner, and now, Jason was keeping our glasses filled with some sweet,
tropical concoction and we were not feeling any pain. Susan, giggling the whole
time, told Linda what we had seen through the fence when we had arrived that
afternoon.

      Linda went on to tell us that the first time Jason screwed her, it had
been fast and furious in the dark, and she hadn't seen how big his cock was
until it was all over. She laughed loudly and said, "I couldn't believe I had
really taken in all that pink meat, but I had, and I wanted it again! They say
it ain't the meat but the motion, little Susie, but don't believe them!"

      Then she stood and said that we were all family and didn't need suits in
her pool. She dropped the two pieces of her suit and jumped into the pool.

      Jason stood close to our chairs and slowly dropped his shorts. Susan was
all eyes as Jason hesitated long enough to give her a good look at his
merchandise and then he jumped into the pool.

      I could hear Susan's raspy breathing as she looked at me and asked,
"Well, Mike, should we?"

      I didn't know what to say. Skinny-dipping was something sexy that we had
never tried, but I was beginning to feel uncomfortable with the sexual tension
obviously growing between Jason and my wife.

      Just then, Susan stood up, peeled her modest one-piece bathing suit off,
and dove into the water.

      She was barely wet when Jason swam right over to her and put his arms
around her from behind and filled his hands with my wife's tits!

      Susan's hands disappeared below the water and I watched as Jason's smile
got even bigger.

      "He's crazy over little Susie's big tits," said Linda as she sat down on
the chaise with me. "It's the only thing he's talked about since you two got
here. And if you ask me, she's crazy for his big cock."

      I stared in disbelief as Susan turned to face Jason and kissed him
passionately.

      "This can't be happening," I said. "We've never fooled around before."

      "Relax, Mike, what's a harmless little fling? Especially when you're
watching? You're in Southern California, now. Don't spoil little Susie's fun!"

      That didn't help matters as I watched Susan and Jason climb out of the
pool and lay on a towel. Susan had the head of Jason's monstrous, erect cock in
her mouth, sucking it with all her might, as Jason noisily slurped at my wife's
cunt.

      Then I felt a hand on my cock. It was Linda and I was surprised to notice
that my dick was as hard as a rock. She bent over and sucked me into her mouth
as I continued to watch my wife's slutty performance.

      After a few more minutes of sixty-nining, Jason got up and collected
cushions off the lawn furniture, which he threw on the deck, and then rolled
Susan onto her back on them. He then knelt right up against my wife's ass and
pulled and hoisted her buttocks up into the air, sliding the cushions around,
under her.......

      I knew what was coming next, and as much as I wanted to stop it, I
couldn't. And it wasn't the so-so blow job that Linda was giving me that held
me back. I didn't want to cause a scene, and, most of all, I was afraid Susan
wouldn't stop if I asked her to.

      By now, Susan's legs were wide-spread and Jason was in position with his
monster-cock poised at the entrance to my wife's obviously wet cunt.

      Linda looked up from my prick and said, "He measures just over fourteen
inches long and just over seven inches around. Magnificent, isn't it? Don't
worry about little Susie, he's good at what he does, and I'm betting he can
bury it to his balls!"

      I gasped for my wife, watching Jason slowly work his giant rod into her
stretched-open pussy. Susan was moaning and grunting, pounding on Jason's back
with her tiny hands.

      Steady, steady, Jason kept up his invasion of her tiny cunt.......

      I was waiting for Susan to yell "stop!" or scream in pain, but she
didn't. Sooner than I thought possible, it looked like Jason had his entire
length buried in my wife. She had taken it all!

      They laid still together for a few minutes, then after a few more moments
of slow thrusting, Jason began to pound that big dick in and out of my wife's
cunt with all of his energy. He lifted his hips away, until he was almost out,
and then slammed back down into her. I could hear her wet cunt slurping loudly
as it succumbed to Jason's onslaught.

      Then, his tempo and power increased even more and Susan went completely
wild. She was delirious with lust and passion, scraping his back with her
nails, pulling his ass deeper between her legs. She was fucking him like some
animal locked in mortal combat.

      And, then, they started to come. It wasn't slow or gentle. It was an
explosion! Susan came with a scream and almost-pained moans and gasps. Again
and again, she clenched her arms and legs around Jason. Finally, with a deep
grunt, Jason tightened his asscheeks and curled his toes as he shot his cum
into my wife's cunt.

      I filled Linda's mouth with my cum as I watched Jason fill my wife's
pussy with his.

      They laid together a few moments, catching their breathe, and then Jason
began sliding his cock out of Susan's cunt.

      "No!" she whimpered.

      He removed his dick and Susan's cunt lips slowly closed. I watched a huge
wad of Jason's slimy cum flow out of her pussy and run down between her ass
cheeks to the cushions below her.

      Linda stood over my wife and laughed, "He's something, isn't he, little
sister?"

      "I... I never... ohh..." Susan gasped in a soft voice.

      "Well, give him five minutes and a soft bed, and you will think you've
died and gone to heaven. How about us girls switch bedrooms for the night?
Mike? Is that alright with you?"

      I wanted to yell "No! Of course it's not alright!" but I didn't.
Something in Susan's eyes, the way they were almost pleading with me, stopped
me from saying what I wanted to say. Instead, I nodded a small nod, "Hey! It's
Southern California, right?"

      "That's right, Mike," said Linda, "I don't have to ask Jason if he wants
to switch. The way he's looking at your big tits, little Susie, I know you're
in for a long night!"

      And she was. Linda fell asleep soon after I finished fucking her bony
frame, but I laid awake in the bed listening to Jason and my wife having the
time of their lives. They moaned and groaned and grunted and sighed and
screamed in pleasure, time after time after time. The only actual words I heard
all night was Susan pleading with Jason, "Oh, no, not my ass! Please, not
there! Ow! Ow! Oh! Oh! Oh, yes! Shove it all the way in, you bastard!"

      It was disgusting, but it was only just beginning.

      On Monday, I had to begin my sales calls for the week and Linda had to
open her office, and that left Jason and Susan home alone to frolic at the
pool, all day, every day.

      And frolic they did. I would come home to find them fucking or sucking or
sleeping by the pool, Susan's nude body covered with love bite marks and dried
cum.

      On Tuesday, I bent to kiss Susan. She woke up and smiled at me and said,
"Today, Jason fisted me! We're going to have to try that when we get home!"

      "Sure," I said, wondering if Jason was stretching my wife's cunt beyond
recovery.

      Saturday finally arrived and Susan put clothes on for the first time all
week. As I put our luggage in the trunk and thanked Linda, Susan was in the
foyer, her skirt up at her waist and leaning on the stairs, taking Jason's
monster up her cunt one more time for a good-bye fuck.

      Susan slept all the way home on the plane. Finally home and in bed
together, Susan kissed me deeply.

      "Thank you for this week, Mike."

      "You seemed happy. What was I going to say?"

      "You could have said `no.'"

      "Would it have stopped you, Susan?"

      "I don't know. I'm just grateful you didn't say it."

      "He was good." It was a statement.

      "Mike, I don't know how to tell you this without hurting you, but this
last week was the best sex of my life. I have never been fucked like that
before, and now I'm worried I'll never be fucked like that, again."

      "We could try."

      Thirty minutes later we rolled apart. I knew Susan had had several
orgasms, but I also knew something else.

      "It wasn't the same, was it, Susan?"

      "Maybe it was just too soon. Or, maybe-"

      "Or maybe it will never be the same, with me, Susan. You loved his big
cock."

      A tear squeezed out of her eye and she bit her lip as she nodded a tight,
quick nod. "But, I love you, Mike!"

      "I know, Susan."

      The next morning, I awoke with an idea. "I guess we can invite your
sister and Jason in for a visit, Susan."

      "Sure, but Linda said she's never been busier, and never takes any time
off."

      "Do you have any ideas?"

      "Well... I've been thinking. Maybe there's a man on this side of the
country that would like to fool around."

                                     ......

      Maybe you've seen Susan's ad in the free paper's classifieds. It's been
very successful, and has provided a steady stream of well-endowed men knocking
on our door and fucking my wife senseless.

                  Wanted: A REAL man. Beautiful, petite, young
                  woman is searching for the man with the
                  biggest "club." Are you that rare man who
                  measures up? Anything less than 10" by 6"
                  doesn't.The applicant MUST pass the minimum
                  entrance requirements, but it's worth it.
                  BOX FPL0927

      Susan keeps very detailed and complete records. She has yet to find a
stud to measure up to Jason, but she keeps looking.

      I keep telling myself that it's just a phase, it's just a phase, just a
phase...

                          ............................
                          (c) J. BOSWELL, January 1992

                         ษอออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
                         บ ษอออออออออออออออออออออออป บ
                         บ บ  Only the very best   บ บ
                         บ บ        EROTICA        บ บ
                         บ บfrom the collection of บ บ
                         บ บ      J. BOSWELL       บ บ
                         บ ศอออออออออออออออออออออออผ บ
                         ศอออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ

