Archive-name: Affairs/hot-1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Hotel


        I was getting tired of driving. We had started early in the morning
     and it was now getting dark out. Bob and Jan were in the back asleep
     and Anita was conked out against the window. I was getting punch drunk
     at the wheel and decided it was time to call it quits. I turned to the
     back seat and woke Bob and said, "Bob, I am bushed would you mind if
     you spelled me? The motel is just an hour away."
          "Sure no problem, pull over." Bob replied.
          I pulled slowly to the side of the road pulled the car to a
     gentle stop. I didn't want to wake our sleeping wives. Bob eased Jan's
     head off his lap and inserted a pillow. I opened the car door and we
     did a Chinese fire drill and he took the wheel.
          It was a good thing that the front seat was power.  He eased the
     seat forward and Anita didn't even budge. He eased the car out onto the
     freeway and picked up speed. I took a pillow out of the back and
     arranged it against the window and settled in for a little nap.
          My dream had something to do with cannibals, and I awoke with a
     start.
          Bob was just passing the state line and the moon was passing
     behind some clouds. I started into my shirt pocket for a cigarette,
     when I felt a hand inch its way up my leg. I looked over to Jan. Her
     eyes were closed but there was a smile on her face. The hand continued
     up until it rested squarely on my cock. It started to rise in my
     pants and when it was about half staff Jan started to gently stroke
     it.
          I pushed the hand away, thinking that she didn't know it was me.
     Her finger went to her lips she made a sign for me to be quiet, opened
     her eyes briefly and winked.
          Her eyes closed again, and I pulled the blanket up to my chin and
     resumed my sleeping posture.
          The hand crept up my legs and started stroking my cock through my
     pants. I eased my arm over and rested my hands on her breast, I could
     feel her nipples already erect. She must have been having a great
     dream.
          I closed my eyes and her actions under the blanket became more
     urgent.
          I took my hand from her breast and eased my fly down. I glanced up
     to Bob to see if he was aware of anything out of the ordinary. He
     seemed engrosed in the road and absorbed in the music on the radio, so
     I breathed a little sigh of relief and closed my eyes again.
          As soon as I had the zipper all the way down a thrill went thru
     me as Jan released my rod from its confining underwear and stroked it.
     She scooted close, and her hand was replaced with a warm set of lips.
     She licked little circles around the purple head and in one gulp
     swallowed my cock.
          I was trying to keep my breathing even and not make any noise as
     I eased my hand down her belly. Her legs parted slightly and I rubbed
     her damp pants over her pussy.
          I began a steady massage as she fastened her lips at the ridge of
     my cock-head and stroked with her fingers the shaft insistantly.
          I couldn't help myself, and quickly came to an orgasm and popped
     off in her mouth.
          The music covered the sounds of her swallowing my come. I worked
     frantically at her box through the jeans, but felt I was getting nowhere.
          She kept up the sucking till I was totally limp, then she pushed
     my hand from her snatch and mouthed "later."
          I couldn't believe it, I had just had a blow job by the wife of
     my best friend while he sat inches away. He must have heard something.
     I checked the back of his head and saw no response, shrugged my
     shoulders and settled back against the pillow and fell quickly to
     sleep.
          The motion of the car stopping in the motel awakened me. Jan made
     no sign to me about what had happened as we checked in and took our
     bags to the room.
          I made an excuse to my wife about not being sleepy and went to
     the game room of the motel to think over what had happened.
          I was in the middle of my third game of Centipede when Jan walked
     in all dewey eyed.
          "Sorry about before," she said, "But having your cock that close
     to me just drove me wild. I have always wanted you but didn't quite
     know how to aproach you."
          "Well, it was quite enjoyable, if unexpected. I never suspected
     you were that foxy."
          "There are a lot of things you don't know about me," she said
     with a gleam in her eye.
          All I could think about was to get her somewhere out of the way.
     I searched my mind and had decided on getting a room when she took my
     hand and led me from the game room to the elevator.
          I had an idea she wanted it in the elevator, so when the doors
     closed I embraced her and kissed her deeply. She responded eagerly, but
     broke away and pushed a button. As the elevator rose she engulfed me
     in a wild pationate embrace as she explored my mouth with her tongue.
     Before I could explore her body the elevator arrived. She unentangled
     herself and walked away beckoning me with her finger.
          In the alcove with the ice and pop machines was another door
     marked "LAUNDRY". She entered and I followed.
          As soon as the door closed she went to her knees and started
     tugging at my zipper. I couldn't believe how brash she was. I helped
     her along, and as soon as my cock cleared my pants she engulfed it in
     her mouth.
          Exhibiting wild abandon, she really gave my cock a workout. As it
     grew in her mouth, she vacuumed it up and stroked it with her tongue. In
     no time it was at full staff, she was having a hard time getting it
     all in her mouth. I concentrated on the blow job 'till I felt the
     pressure build under my balls.
          I pushed her away and she came reluctantly. I pushed her against
     the wall and raised her sweater and bra so I could get at her petite
     tits. Her nipples were like marbles between my lips and teeth. I tried
     to poke them in with my tounge but they were too firm. As I was
     sucking away at her tits I worked at her pants. I eased them down to
     her knees and tugged at her panties. In my haste I guess I pulled too
     hard, they ripped and came away in my hand.  I threw them in the
     corner, and traced a line with my tongue between her tits, down her
     belly and straight to her pussy.
          I was greeted by drenched bush. I parted her cunt lips and dove
     on her snatch with my tongue. I pulled the hood from over her
     clitorous and tongue lashed directly on her love button. She responded
     by rotating her hips, and succeeded in drenching my faces with her love
     juices. I could stand it no longer. I stood up and dropped my pants. I
     grabbed her by the buns, and lifted her onto my cock. She let out a
     sigh as she slowly sank on my engorged tool. Damn, her snatch was
     tight.  You would never have know she had had two kids, she was as
     tight as a teenager. I braced her against a washing machine and
     pounded into her furiously. She came quickly in a great shuddering
     orgasm that threatened to milk my cum before I was ready.
          I paused just long enough to turn her over on the machine and
     mount her from the rear. Her tight snatch met every thrust as I
     pounded into her, her pubic bone rubbing the tender spot under the
     head of my cock. The pressure in my balls was getting almost too much
     to contain, so I pulled all but the head from her dripping snatch.
          I fucked her with short jabs with just the head, holding her buns
     so she could not back onto my cock. The pressure subsided and stopped
     my motion for a bit. She was straining to have my whole manhood deep
     in the folds of her flesh, and I released my grip on her ass. With one
     great rush, she impaled herself on my member. I held her to me, loving
     the way her wet snatch was pressing on my balls. She reached back and
     started playing with them. I figured that it was now or never.  I
     started building my strokes until I was ramming my dick furiously into
     her tight snatch. She started playing with her clit and shuddered in
     another orgasm.
          The contractions of her pussy put me over the edge. I burried my
     cock and shot great streams of sperm deep into her cunt. I could feel
     her cunt expand with each spurt and soon it was filled to overflowing
     and cum ozzed out onto my balls. I layed down on top of her and
     luxuriated in the feeling of my dick in her cum-filled pussy as she
     contracted her cunt around my shrinking cock.
          She wordlessly pushed me away and picked up her panties, and wiped my
     juice from her satch. She then went down and licked the droplets from
     my balls and limp organ.  Standing, she gave me a deep kiss.
          We dressed in silence and made our way to the elevator. I pushed
     the button for our floor, kissed her one last time, and allowed
     her to go to her room as I continued down to the bar.
          I had to have a couple of drinks to convince me that it wasn't
     just a dream.
          I sipped each one reliving that fantastic fuck.

--
