From bignwest@aol.com Sun Nov 19 08:10:35 1995
Before I start, I think I should give a brief description of my wife,
Teresa.  She's 26, stands a slim 5'6" 120 lbs with shoulder length blond
hair, blue eyes, & a set of pouting red lips made for oral sex.. 
    	She also has a nice firm pair of 36B's that are just asking to be
sucked & squeezed. Her bottom half is even  better, measuring at a lovely
36 inches with a pussy that is meticulously trimmed to expose her soft and
tender lips. Teresa also enjoys giving head & making love doggy style. 
All in she is the sexiest woman I know! One of our fantasies is to have
more than one man service her at once including me.  The following is my
fantasy.
         One Friday, my friends, Parker & Jake invite us out for dinner.
On a lark , I had my wife wear a black miniskirt with a dark red top &
sexy three inch black pumps.  She also wore a matching set of black lace
panties & bra with sheer black stockings underneath.  With her makeup and
beautifully done hair she looks like a wet dream. A sexual goddess.Parker
& Jake met us the restaurant, and were pleasantly surprised at Teresa's
attire.  All thru dinner, I  tried to get my wife to flirt with them.  I
felt pretty secure, since I've known the guys for sometime, and it was all
in fun.  After we ate, we decided to all go back to our house to do a
little partying. When we got back to our house I rounded up a few drinks
while my wife & the guys chatted.  I joined them in the living room with
the drinks and we were soon feeling no pain.  I was seated on couch next
to my wife, and Jake was sitting on the her right.  Parker was in the love
seat with his feet kicked up on our coffee table.  My wife snuggled up to
me as the effects of the drinks had started to take effect on her because
alcohol always made her sleepy & horny, and not always in that order. 
After a few more minutes,  Teresa closed her eyes and by the smile on her
face she was enjoying the effects of her alcohol soaked brain. I guess the
drinks had the same effect on the guys, because Jake began to stare
intently at my wife's curled up stocking clad legs and round bottom.  I
looked at him and gave him a wink and softly stroked  Teresa's ass thru
the material of her mini.  I then gently hiked up her skirt to give him a
better view of my  wife's sheer panties.  All this time my wife had her
head on my lap with her eyes closed.  I guess she had passed out from the
booze, since we rarely drink.  I whispered to the guys that I had a plan
if they were game.  Jake gave me a nod and Parker just gave me a devilish
smile.  I told the guys to wait in the living room while I 'prepared' her
for bed. After I carried my sleeping wife to bed, I quietly undressed her,
since I did not want to wake her.              	Although I doubted an
earthquake would have waken her in her state.  I purposely left her
stockings and jewelry on, because it made her look so much sexier. My dick
was already rock solid as I thought of the chance our fantasy would come
true. Then I turned on the radio in our bedroom to one of the all night
love song stations, set the volume at a level where it wouldn't wake her
but would drown out the background noise.  There she was, all fairly
unaware of here environment. So off I went into the living   room to get
the boys. When I brought Parker & Jake back into the bedroom, their mouths
fell on the floor.  After reassuring them that I was totally for real, and
had them agree not to mention the nite to anyone or try anything with
Teresa when I wasn't around, I gave them the go-ahead to explore every
inch of my sweet treasure. The three of us quickly undressed and were in
our queen size bed in less than 10 seconds. Suddenly there were 3 pairs of
hands fondling my wife's sleeping body and exploring her every crevice.
After a couple of minutes, Parker went directly for Teresa's creamy white
breasts, and was soon  gently suckling on them with abandon.  Jake, being
the ass man, was between the wife's spread-eagled legs gently licking and
slurping away at her trimmed pussy.  We were still pretty quiet, since we
didn't want to wake her, however, even in her sleeping state her body was
responding.  Teresa's sweet vagina was glistening both
from Jake's saliva & from her own juice.  Her nipples were now as hard as
eraser heads.  It was then I noticed the size of Parker's cock.  It was
big... must of been a good ten inches long and two & a half inches in
diameter.  Mine is a fairly average eight inches and so was Jake's. Jake
took the initiative by positioning himself between my wife's spread-eagled
legs and slowly inserted his cock into her. Teresa began to stir. 
Initially she thought that it was me making love to her, but when she felt
Parker nursing on her breasts, she gasped and tried to push him away,
however, her lust overcame her good sense and she began to melt under the
gentle ministrations of his lips.Since my dick was already rock hard, I
climbed to the top of the bed and guided my love shaft to her lips. Jake
continued his slow and almost rhythmic insertion into her juicy pleasure
pot, and soon Teresa was moaning in complete abandon. Her hips started to
push and gyrate against Jake's thrusts.  As he pumped into Teresa, I would
pull out, and soon we were in unison. She then had her first orgasm.  Her
body tensed, and she wrapped her legs tightly around Jake and began to
really suck and deep throat my cock.  I guessed I was pretty excited by
all this, because I felt my balls tightened and my knees giving away. Now
I was the one moaning and grunting.  I pumped in and out of my wife's
mouth and let loose a fountain of hot white cum. She shocked me by
swallowing every bit that went into her mouth and she even licked her cum
covered lips for more!  Parker by this time had enough of Teresa's breast
and motioned for me to move over so that he could sample some of my wife's
other charms. Reluctantly, I climbed off the bed and watched as Parker
crawled over her  face and  offered her his 10 incher.  At the same time,
Jake was still pumping away, he too, was moaning and groaning.  He
stiffened and proceeded to dump, from what I could tell, a HUGE load into
her, because some of the cum splashed back around his cock.  His orgasm
brought her over the edge again, and she started to cum a second time. 
Parker's cock fell out of her mouth, and she was screaming and thrashing
about on the bed.  Her grunts & moans were absolutely animalistic. 
Teresa's legs were still wrapped around Jake and she was milking his prick
with her steamy hot pussy.  After her orgasm subsided, Jake quickly pulled
out leaving her cum drenched pussy wide open.  Not giving my wife a rest,
Parker quickly climbed between her legs and began to tease her with his
huge rod. This brought about little whimpers from Teresa, and she pleaded
for the meat that was teasing her. Slowly Parker descended into her.
Teresa threw her head back and gave off a silent scream with her mouthing
an 'O'.  After she fully accommodated Parker's manhood, she began to
rhythmically move her pelvis against Parker's thrusts.  I guess we were
all pretty excited that night, because it only took about 5 minutes of
sliding in & out of her superheated passion before Parker tensed and shot
load after load into my wife. Seeing all of this gave me my second wind. 
I helped Parker off Teresa, and positioned myself for action.  Soon I was
pumping away at my wife.  She was so slippery that every thrust it made
squishing noises.  No sound effects from any porno movie could beat the
real thing.  I pumped away like a man possessed, knowing that tonite she
would find true fulfillment and sexual gratification. Teresa was panting
and moaning with her legs wrapped around me.  I lowered myself and we
locked in a hot french kiss.  I thought she was going to suck my tongue
out!  I moved back and took one of her breasts between my lips, and sucked
and twirled my tongue around her nipple.  This brought the her over the
edge again, and again she was squealing like a crazed woman.  Not being
able to take it any longer, I started to cum in buckets, adding my load to
the other two.  It  was probably one of  the best orgasms I had in my
life.  I literally saw stars. I slowly withdrew and rested next to my
wife's glistening body and stared at my wife's completely satisfied,
sensationally sexy body.  What a sight she was! Her heaving, sweat
covered, post-multi orgasmic body glistened. Her legs were still
spread-eagled, and her pulsating pussy was all pink, wide open, and
slightly puffy. The guys and I decided that we should clean Teresa up and
let her rest, so we retrieved warm wet washcloths from the bathroom and
tenderly proceeded to clean her up. She seemed to drift off into a deep
satisfied slumber. While she napped the guys and I got semidressed and
retreated to the living room. We had only been out of the bedroom five or
ten minutes when suddenly Teresa stepped into the living room clad only in
a beige teddy.  "Rest period is over. I think we should play when I'm
awake, too" she said in her sexiest voice. All of a sudden everything was
dead silence. Parker, Jake, and I looked at each other and smiled from ear
to ear. "Your wish is our command!" Parker uttered. Since the three of us
guys were already seated on the couch, we suggested that Teresa lay
herself down on our laps so we could pay more attention to her.   My wife
had her head on my lap and the rest of her was laid out over Jake, who was
in the middle, and Parker.  As we fondled and caressed her in all the
right places, bringing little mewing sounds from her. Jake aimed for home
and proceeded to stroke Teresa's thighs and crotch thru the flimsy
material of her teddy. Wanting to get more comfortable I suggested that we
move back into the bedroom for some serious carnal activities. Once in the
bedroom, Teresa lay on her stomach with three pillows underneath her
tummy. Her adorable rump was sticking high into the air. Parker knelt
behind Teresa and licked her treasures with his snake like tongue. After a
couple of minutes, Teresa was squirming for more penetration. Parker
obliged her by slowly sticking the entire length of his tongue into her
asshole. She wiggled in delight and he continued his attack. He would
alternate the thrust of his tongue between her pussy and her butt. Rising
to his knees he rubbed his meat along her steamy slit and after several
sexy almost begging moans to "put it in me please" Parker guided his love
muscle  into my wife in one smooth slow stroke which sent Teresa over.
Parker continued to give her deep long strokes as Jake was getting a slow
and sensual blowjob. I played with her hard nipples licking and sucking on
breast that seemed to grow bigger and more inviting every moment. Suddenly
Parker arched his back and buried his rod to the hilt, and poured what
seemed like gallons of cum into Teresa.  This triggered her umpteenth
orgasm for the evening.  Not able to take anymore, I quickly pulled Parker
off her and in minutes, I was adding another contribution to our love
goddess.While I was still being pleasured by my wife's contracting lips,
Jake positioned himself at Teresa's face and begged her to suck his raging
boner.  After being thoroughly milked dry by the wife, I finally pulled
out and rested.  Seeing this, Jake assumed the position and started to
slide his member in and out of Teresa's well lubed vagina.  Again, within
minutes, he was moaning and groaning and dumping his second load into her.
With Teresa still lying on her tummy we all collapsed on the bed and fell
asleep for the night. It goes without saying that we would gladly serve
her every desire if ever given the chance again.

     


