Archive-name: 3plus/hot4.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Hot Beverly


Beverly was from Iowa. Eighteen and new to the city. She hadn't made many
friends, she said, because she really wasn't used to going out at night. I had
met her on the bus as we traveled to and from work. We got on and off at the
same stop. Although she was quite a bit younger than me (I'm 42) we seemed to
hit it off.She was a delightlfullly refreshing change from some of the more
jaded women I'm aquainted with. Still, my feelings toward her were not
entirely paternal. She was very thin, with short blond hair and the bluest
eyes I had ever seen. Because of her thin, light frame, her breasts were quite
small. I was anxious to see exactly how small. She was 5'8" tall and her legs
were magnificent. She looked like a ballerina.Slender long legs dissappearing
into the tightest roundest little bottom you can immagine.

One evening we stopped for a drink at a little bar on the corner by the bus
stop. We sat at a table and recapped our day for each other. Talking of how
glad we were that it was Friday. Comming from Iowa she was quite curious about
seeing all of the city and was disapointed she had seen so little in the time
she had been there. We had a few more drinks. Neither had any particular place
to be that evening. We were getting a little tipsy and Beverly said there was
something here in Chicago that they didn't have in her small Iowa hometown
that she really wanted to see. Her face turned bright red as she blushed and
said "oh my gosh I must have had more to drink than I thought." I said "why?
What is it you want to see?". She replied," I'm sorry I brought it up. I can't
ask a man about those things.".I convinced her to tell me and she said she had
never seen a porno movie. She didn't want to go by herself and she was too
embarrased to go with someone else. I told her I had seen many porno films and
not to be embarrassed. I would be glad to take her. In fact if she wanted to,
we could stop at the Adult bookstore down the street and look at the 25 cent
peeps as a test to see if she wanted to see a full length movie. We finished
our drink, paid the bill and headed for the adult book store.

She was a little hesatant about going in once we were there but evidently we
had had enough to drink , she said what the hell,and we opened the door and
headed in. I got 10 dollars worth of quarters (wanted to have plenty) and we
walked to the back where the booths were. There must have been 30 booths and
the aisles were filled with men waiting their turn for various movies.Beverly
tried to not notice the men but they certainly were making no effort to hide
their own interest in her. We slipped into one of the unoccupied booths with
out even looking at what the movie was. I closed the door and slipped the
latch.It was dark in there,with the exception of the little red lights that
glowed at each of the quarter slots. I slipped a quarter into the first slot
and the screen flickered as the first film began. Began in the middle that is.
There on a big screen, for the first time in her life she saw two men and a
woman ,one man with his huge cock halfway down the womans throat and the other
man fucking the woman from behind. Beverly gasped and fell back against me as
the scene on the screen startled her. I put my arms around her from behind and
we stood there watching the movie, occasonally dropping another quarter in.
Her breathing was becomming shallow and fast and I let my hand drift up the
front of her blouse to those tiny little breasts. She made no effort to stop
me. I massaged them from the outside but then undid the buttons and slipped my
hand inside. Indeed they were tiny things,mostly nipple, but the nipple was
magnificent poking a full inch from the breast. I rubbed the nipple between my
thumb and forefinger and heard her release a small gasp. Her breathing was
more rapid now,But her eyes never left the screen.

I left her blouse hanging open and slid my hands down her waist to her hips
then down those marvelous slender thighs.My fingers gripped the material of
her skirt and slowly raised it to her waist. I tucked it into itself, moved my
hands around to thefront and felt the soft bare skin of her belly.She was
wearing small cotton panties and my fingers sliped inside and into her pussy.
This time she was not quiet as a low moan escapped her lips. I knew we had
been heard outside and I could hear the latches slide shut on the booths at
either side of us.

Her cunt was incredibly wet and she had a clit that was more like a babys
cock. It protruded fron between the lips, and like her nipples, stuck out
nearly an inch. It was hard and slipery. Everytime I touched it she moaned and
involuntarily jerked her hips.  Her panties by now had fallen down to her
ankles. She lifted one foot free of them and spread her legs giving me free
access to her entire body. Her eyes were still glued to the action on the
screen.

My eyes had grown accustomed to the darkness by now and with the glow given
off by the movie screen I looked about the booth. It was then I knew why the
booths on either side had been occupied.For on both sides on the partition a
hole larger than a mans head had been cut in the plywood. And in fact there
about waist high were indeed the heads of two men eagerly watching Beverly
andmyself. I was in no mood to stop and Beverly certainly was in her own
world. I leaned forward and ran my toungue around her neck and up to her ear.
Baby I'm going to fuck you right here in the booth. You want a hot hard cock
in your cunt? I was enjoying talking to her in a way I was sure she had never
been talked to before. She tried answer but as she started to speak My finger
flicked over her big clit and all she could reply was," uhhhh" I unfastened my
trousers and shorts and let them drop to the floor giving only a moments
thought to what the floor must be like. It felt slippery under foot. My 8"
dick was hard and ready to have some hot pussy. I let it slip up between her
legs and rest between the lips and against that masive clit. My hands went
back to her nipples and I started to talk into her ear again."move that hot
cunt for me slide it back and forth over that big cock. I'm going to fuck you
mouth,your cunt and your ass rigtht here while you watch the movie.'' Her
slender hips began a slow undulation. Through the holes in the wall I knew the
men had heard what I said. They had their cocks out and were jacking them as
they listened. I knew this slender little 18year old was under my control. I
knew she would do anything That I told her. She was hot.Hotter than she had
ever been.She was beyond caring where she was, she would fuck me now if she
were laying flat on her mothers dinning table during thanksgiving dinner.I
removed her blouse completely and dropped it into the slime on the floor.Her
skirt was next and I pulled it roughly over her head and tossed it into the
corner.Whith the exception of her shoes she was naked. I grabbed her hair and
turned her around and firmly pushed her to her knees . She was breathing so
heavily and her skin was so hot that she complied as soon as she knew what I
wanted.

My hand applied to the back of her blond head and guiding my cock with my
other hand I painted her lips with the precum that had begun to form on that
swollen cockhead. Then with more pressure to her head my raging dick slid into
that sweet wet mouth. I held still letting her suck enjoying her laving
toungue and the sight of those to men watching her suck my hardon. THen
holding her head with both hands I began to fuck her face for real. Sliding it
in till her nose was buried in my pubic hair then out tothe tip again . In and
 out, harder and harder till the cum bubbled out of my balls and shot from the
 end of my dick into that waiting mouth. She moaned at the first taste of cum
 and eagerly swallowed it down. I slid my cockout of her mouth and stroking it
shot the second load sqarein her face. It hit her on the bridge of her nose
and spread out and flowed down her pink cheeks. I continued to stroke and
spasm after spasm spewed out hitting her lips then her forehead, her chin, she
moved her face like a person in the shower trying to wet their whole face. Her
hand was between her legs and I knew she was stroking that hard clit not
unlike the way I was stroking my cock. Her bangs were plastered to her
forehead and her entire face looked slipery and filmy from my pent up
ejaculation. I motioned to the man at my right to stick his cock through the
hole in the wall. His was short but incredably fat as was the large belly he
pressed to the wall on his sside of the partition.However it protruded into
our space far enough to allow Bev to get at it. I leaned down and took her
hand and placed it on his thick hardon. She was startled and started to pull
her hand back. I turned her head and when she saw the cock in the dim light
her head slumped forward and that fat dick disappeared into her mouth.I stood
her up so that her ass as she sucked the man to the right was pushed close to
the wall on the left. An eager hand came through hole in the wall and his
fingers slipped into that now sopping pussy. My hands went to her breasts and
fondled then playing with the nipples. Even with the fat mans cock in her
mouth she was moaning the vibrations from her voice causing him to come
prematurly, sending a second load of cum over her toungue and down her throat.
She was getting frantic for more sex,more cum, more cock. She stood up and
wrapped one of her long slender legs around my waist and and with her hand
took my now rejuvenated rod and put it in her cunt. She was tight but so
wet.Her head lolled back and she had both hands on my ass Her hips moved at a
speed that almost caused me to lose my balance. Her voice now had a more
frantic quality but at a much lower tone." Gimmie more dick, fuck me ,I need
more cock fuck me faster ". Her voice was louder and I was sure a crowd had
gathered outside our booth. She was breathing in loud gasps , we turned and I
had her pressed against the wall with her firm little sweaty ass pressed
against the hole in the partition. She screamed," yeah fuck me in the ass
shove it in" > I realized that the man in that booth was taking advantage of a
rare opportunity and had stuck his cock into her tight little butt while I
filled her pussy.I could feel his cock against mine separated by a thin
membrane of flesh.We fucked back and forth in a rythum. He screamed," god I'm
comming", and I knew our secret was deffinatly out. They must have heard that
in the street I thought. I came for the second time and overflowed her
pussy,Cum ran down her thighs and mingled with the cum that had been shot onto
her ass by the annonomous man in the next booth. I stepped back out of breath.
My wet cock starting to shrink. She still had that frantic look in her eyes
",I NEED MORE COCK. I NEED MORE COCK NOW". I tried shushing her but she was
not listening. She unlocked the door and plunged into the crowd gathered about
our booth. The crowd parted then closed again as she dissapeared into into the
hall.I gathered my clothes and put them on .I stepped out . She was somewhere
under that mass of people at the oppening at the end of the hall. Clothes were
flying every where. The manager tapped me on the shoulder and said " dont
worry I closed the shop and locked the door." He then hurried to where the
crowd was, unbuttoning his shirt as he went. Bev was still screaming for more
cock.There must have been twenty men kneeling standing laying about her. Hands
everywhere, men pushing to get their cocks into anyone of her holes, and still
she begged for more.Men jacked off and came on her tits,her face , one man was
fucking her hair. she was slick with sweat and cum from head to toe. Her hair
was plastered to her head as if she had just climbed out ofthe pool, One by
one they finished, got tired, and stepped back. The last one , a grotesquely
obese man,  was still on his hands and knees over her . She was bucking up
from the floor driving her pussy up onto his dick. She collapsed finnally, and
he came spurting cum over her stomach. The manager turned all the lights on
and we looked at her . Legs spread cum running from her and pooling on the
floor. Her hair had dried in places and stuck out like it was one solid piece.
Her pussy was red and swollen and the hole sort of hung open as if it to was
exhausted. I noticed bite marks on her thighs and around the nipples . She was
breathing heavily. Her eyes opened and she spied me. She sat up smiled and
said " That was some movie". I retrieved her filthy clothes and she got
dressed. I walked her home. Luckily she had a scarf to cover her cum dried
hair. I sat in her living room while she layed in the bath tub soaking
herself. When she finished and came out.  She sat down and said "I was afraid
something like that might happen. It happened once befor at a fraternity
party." She winked, " I liked it then too".

--
