 "HOT COP"
 
(C)) Nightstik - 1992
 
 It's one of those warm nights in early summer when you're
driving down the highway and it's just you, the road and the
night.  Windows down, the air is rich and thick.
 
I'm cruising down Route 3 and there are few other cars on the
road. I'm doing well over the speed limit.  I mean does anybody
really drive 55 normally, much less when they're practically the
only one on the road? Who cares?
 
Apparently someone cares.  And apparently someone is concerned
about my driving speed, even if I'm not.  "Fucking A," I say out
loud when I see the bubble lights flashing in my rear view
mirror.  "Goddamn, goddamn, goddamn."  You know, I really don't
need this tonight.  Here I am minding my own business and some
asshole cop with nothing better to do decides he needs to make
his quota for the night or something.  I didn't even see this
dip-shit; where the hell was he pulled over?  "Damnit, damnit,
damnit!"
 
So I pull over like a good do-bee, or rather like someone who
knows better.  What do they say; when it looks inevitable just
lay back and enjoy it?  Well, I wasn't expecting to enjoy this,
but at this point it was certainly inevitable.
 
He gets out of his car.  Flashlight swinging along the roadside
as he approaches my car.  I'm fishing in the glove compartment
for my registration when he gets to the window and the
flashlight goes right to my hand in the glove box.  Never can be
too sure, I think to myself.  If I were a cop I'd certainly be
concerned about people pulling guns out of their glove boxes.
 
"Do you know how fast you were going?" he says with all the
originality in the world.
 
I'm usually quick with the come-backs, and I want to say, "Not
fast enough, apparently," but--good-old me--I think better of
it.  "I guess I wasn't really paying attention," I say with all
the tact in the world.
 
His light has searched the front seat and the back seat and now
is concentrating on my face.  "Eighty-four," he says.
 
Big fucking deal, I think.  "That much?" I say.
 
"Your license and registration, please."  I'm already handing it
to him. He points his flashlight at it momentarily, then he
points it back at me. Yeah, that's me in the picture, all right.
 He looks at my license again and studies it then points the
light back at me.  I'm pretty well lighted by it, but he's seen
my face and now he doesn't seem to be concentrating on that.
The light is going up and down my body.  Nah..., I think.  He
goes back to looking at my papers.
 
 With the light off me for the moment, I can see him better, so
I'm checking him out.  Now this is a cop!  I don't mind telling
you that I have a certain weakness for uniforms.  I also have a
weakness for hot men and I happen to be staring at one now.
He's at least 6' 3", broad-shouldered and definitely
well-assembled.  The Smokey-the-Bear hat on the square-jawed
face with the dark mustache is almost too classic. He's even got
the wide belt with the over-the-shoulder strap, high boots and
jodhpurs (you know; those riding pants that are wide on the
sides over the thigh, but trim in the ass and tight below the
knee).  He's also got what seems to be a nicely full basket
which is staring me in the face through the car window.
 
Well, I don't know how long my gaze was dumbly fixed on his
basket, and I don't know how long he's been watching me like
that.  But he finally gives a little, "Ahem," and I look up to
see him watching me watching him.
 
Everything is suspended for a moment.  My eyes don't want to
look at his face and I don't want to get locked back onto his
basket, so I just kind of nervously scan his torso, blink a few
times and turned around to look at the steering wheel.  What the
fuck am I doing?  Cruising a cop who's giving me a ticket?  I
must be out of my mind.
 
"Step out of your car, please," he says to me abruptly.  I let
out a sigh of exasperation.  Shit, shit, shit, I'm thinking to
myself.
 
"Walk around to the other side, please."  I'm walking.  "Face
the side of the car and put your hands up on the roof."
 
I can't believe this is happening.  "What did I do?" I say.
 
"Just follow my instructions, please."  This guy is real polite.
 
I face the car and put my hands on the roof.  He comes up in
back of me, puts his foot between mine and kicks my feet side to
side.  "Spread your legs, please."
 
I still can't believe this is happening.  He starts to frisk me.
 I'm not feeling particularly guilty about anything, but I am
starting to worry. He pats down my sides real fast, then the
outside of my legs, then the inside real lightly.  It could be
erotic, but he's being too professional.
 
"Are you looking for someone?" I say.
 
"I'll ask the questions," he says gruffly.
 
What gives? I'm thinking.
 
He starts frisking me again, only this time he's being more
thorough.  He reaches around my chest and is checking my pecs.
He's checking my pecs very thoroughly.  Then he's checking my
stomach.  Very thoroughly.  He's actually running his hands up
and down my chest and my belly.  I can't imagine him not being
able to find a gun or something the first time around.  Dope, I
think, he's looking for dope.  I relax a bit; I'm certainly not
worried about that.  His hands are exploring the top front of my
pants, now down a little and around my crotch.  Without grabbing
my basket, he's groping around it, now down lower and into my
upper thighs. He goes down the inside of my thighs down to my
knee then around to the outside and backs of my thighs and up.
Up to my ass.  He's actually squeezing my ass and digging into
my crack.  His hands are going down under my crotch from the
back.  His hand wanders around front again only this time it
goes right for my basket.  It's squeezing my balls and
discovering the outline of my enlarging cock.
 
"Hey, I'm clean, man," I say.  I'm sure I sound like a dealer
now.
 
He says nothing.  He's got one hand in my crotch, he's groping
my cock and balls, and he's being very thorough about all this.
And I am a little more than a bit turned on.
 
"Turn around," he says.  I do and he's checking me up and down.
There's nothing I can do to conceal the lump in the front of my
pants.  And it's not like he misses it.  But he's not saying
much.
 
"Okay.  Step back here and get into the cruiser."  And I'm
thinking, Come on, you've had your jollies, just give me the
fucking ticket and let me go.  I go to get in the front.
 
"Get in the back," he barks.  I'm real confused.  I get in the
back. He gets in the front.  He pushes a button that locks the
doors all around. There are no buttons in the back to unlock the
doors.  He puts the car into gear.
 
"Hey, what's going on here," I say wittily.  "Am I under arrest
or something?  What about my car?  Aren't you supposed to read
me my rights or something?"
 
"Just sit tight.  Everything's going to be all right."  I can't
believe I'm letting myself be at all consoled by this remark
since, as far as I'm concerned, everything is definitely not all
right.  I sit back into the seat.  I'm looking around and I'm
thinking, What the fuck...
 
He pulls off the highway at the next exit.  I don't know where I
am, but I'm thinking I'm about to see gas stations, a highway, a
town.  Nope. Nothing.  This is a dark road.  Any time now we'll
see a town.  Like one with the police station or something.
Anything.  But no, all we get is dark road.  I'm quite
apprehensive, sitting here in the back of a cop car, watching
the back of this cops head, the only lights being the headlights
of the cop car and there ain't much to light except road and
trees in the night.
 
He slows the car and pulls off on an unpaved road.  No lights,
no police station, no more pavement; just trees and bushes and a
rougher ride.  He's going slow now and then there's a barn up
ahead.  He pulls up to it. I don't like this.
 
He stops the car.  He gets out.  He opens the back, grabs my arm
and leads me out of the car.  He leads me over to the barn and
into it.  He's got one of those kind of lights that lights up a
whole area and as we step into the barn I'm looking all around
it.  He leads me into the back of the barn.  I am totally
bewildered.  I'm breathing heavily; I'm not in control here.
 
"Please," I'm saying.  "What are we doing here?"
 
He drops my arms and I stand there while he puts down the light
a few feet away.  He turns and looks at me, and I'm standing
there looking at this hunk of a cop who has taken off his hat
and who is staring at me sort of hungrily, and I'm feeling
totally naked.
 
"Strip," he says evenly.
 
My eyes widen and I stare dazedly back at him.  I can't believe
this is happening.  My mouth opens to say something, but nothing
comes out.
 
"Strip!" he says more harshly, and he's pulled a riding crop out
of the side of his boot and he slaps it against the side of his
leg.
 
I'm frightened and shaking and I don't know what to do.  And my
fingers go to the buttons on my shirt and I start to un-button a
button.  I'm telling myself this isn't happening and I manage to
get another button open as I work them from the top down.  I
pull the tails out all around and I'm staring at this guy and
I'm feeling really turned on and really frightened.
 
I pull open my shirt to expose my chest and I push it off my
shoulders and pull it off my body and drop it into the hay.  And
I'm standing there naked to the waist and this guy is taking in
the sight of my swimmer's build and my smooth and muscled chest.
 I'm six-foot tall in my stocking feet but I'm feeling real
small right now and I'm quivering perceptibly.
 
I look back at him.
 
"Strip," he says with that evenness again.
 
I let out the breath that I hadn't realized I'd been holding and
gasp it back in.  I lean against this post and pull off my shoes
and I pull off my socks.  The hay is rough and soft on my bare
feet.
 
I look at him pleadingly; he issues the command again silently
with a widening of his eyes.
 
My trembling fingers go to my belt and unfasten it.  They
unbutton the top of my pants.  One hand holds the top of my
pants while the other one grabs the zipper and begins to pull it
down.  With my pants open, I drop my hands momentarily and look
at the cop who is watching with keen interest. My hands hear his
unspoken command again, go to the waist band and begin pushing
down.  I am feeling the fabric of my pants as it bunches up then
exposes my underwear.  I am pushing them down as the fabric
slides down my thighs then exposes my legs.  I push them down
further and pull off one leg then the other and drop them next
to me on top of my shirt.  I straighten up, and the straining,
prominent bulge in my crotch is doing little to conceal itself.
 
 I am breathing hard and looking at him.  I am standing there
clad only in my underwear with a bulge in my crotch.  He walks
toward me and I am frozen.  He walks around back of me and I am
still staring at the place where he stood.  He slips his riding
crop into the band of my underwear and pushes it down the crack
of my ass.  He presses it against my butthole, then pulls it
back out.  My briefs snap back.  He hauls off and smacks my
underweared ass with the crop.  I am too stunned to do anything
but jump.
 
He walks around front to where he had been.  He stands there and
crosses his arms and looks at me sternly.
 
"I want to see your dick."
 
My mind is saying no and my body is trembling.  My hands are
shaking. Somehow I move my hands to the waistband of my
underwear.  I pause, shaking.  I glance up at him; I am
breathing hard and I pause.  Then I look at the ground a few
feet in front of me and I push down my drawers. They get caught
on my dick and I have to wrestle it free.  I push them down my
legs, feeling my ass totally exposed as I bend over, and I step
one foot out and then the other.
 
I drop my underwear with my other clothes and straighten myself
back to standing.  I am totally naked and exposed to this
uniformed cop.  My rock-hard ten inch dick is jutting out in
front of me and I my hot balls are exposed and dangling down
between my legs.  My cock and my balls and my naked body are
exposed and vulnerable to this cop.
 
He is looking at my genitals with his head slightly cocked, a
slight pleased-looking smile on his face, and a certain lust in
his eyes.  He walks over to me and is looking me up and down.
Again he goes behind me and again I do not turn.  I can hear him
make an approving "Humph" behind me and I hear a clink of metal.
 
He grabs my hand and slaps a handcuff on it, then reaches in
front of me, takes my other wrist and cuffs that.
 
"Please," I am saying almost crying, "What do you want?"  He
pulls me over to a support beam and pulls my hands up to a hook
above my head where he attaches the cuffs.  I am facing the beam
and hanging right up against it and I can feel its roughness on
my skin, especially where my hard cock is pressing up against
it.  Behind me, he puts his foot between mine like he did on the
highway and pushes my feet apart, spreading my legs.  He steps
to the side of me and I turn to watch him unhooking his shoulder
strap. He disconnects it from his belt in front and back and
drops it on the ground.  Then he unbuckles his belt and draws it
out through the loops.  I am watching him do this not knowing
what to expect.  Still on the side of me, he swings the belt and
catches me on the ass.  I jump with the shock and the pain on my
buttocks and my jump pushes my cock into the rough beam.  His
enjoyment of my discomfort and my wincing is apparent.  He
swings the belt again, it smacks my ass, and I jump again.  He
swings again and I'm throwing my head back, struggling against
the cuffs that keep me hung on this post and I'm struggling
against the biting belt on my bare buttocks.  He moves behind me
and swings again and the belt snaps against my sensitive
asshole.  He belts my butthole and beats my ass until I know it
must be red as hell.  He's still swinging and I'm writhing
against the post.  My ass, trying to escape the torment of the
belt is pushing my balls into the rough post, crushing my
rock-hard cock.  The belt bites again and again, and my chest
and stomach are struggling against the post and my sensitive
tits are scraping against the rough wood.  My cock is rubbing up
and down the rough wood as I writhe and it's oozing pre-cum and
straining for release.
 
I don't realize that he's stopped right away; there are too many
sensations.  I'm still hanging there pressed against the upright
which, though rough and scraping, is my friend for protecting
and caressing my vulnerable front.
 
He reaches above me and unhooks me from the support beam, but
he's holding my hands up there still.  He reaches around in
front of me and grabs my stiff cock and uses it like a handle to
turn me around.  He then hooks me back in place only now with my
front exposed and my ass pressing into the beam.  He kicks my
feet apart again and steps back.
 
He can see the fear in my face, I'm sure, as I'm hanging there,
arms stretched above my head.  My body stretched and taut, my
belly flat and my red uncircumcised cock sticking stiffly up in
front of me exposing my full balls to his view.  He eyes me
approvingly then swings his belt at me.  It snaps me square in
the balls and I throw back my head and let out a yell. He swings
it again and gets me in the balls again, then goes after my
stiff red cock and makes it sting.  And his belt hits under the
shaft and on the sides and snaps at the sensitive head.  And I'm
writhing and screaming and my cock is oozing all over.  He snaps
the belt and the tip just catches my tit and smacks it cruelly.
Then he snaps my other tit the same way and I'm screaming and
struggling and can't do a thing about it. He swings at my balls
again and I convulse in pain.  The belt smacks and stings my
cock again and harder on my balls and it slaps my tits and my
crotch and my chest and I'm writhing and screaming and my cock
feels like it's about to burst and it's oozing clear cum juice
all over.
 
Then he drops the belt.  He walks up to me and I think he's
going to let me down.  But he grabs my balls roughly and he's
looking into my face with a demonic leer, and he's twisting my
balls and I'm looking back at him with my mouth open and my ass
writhing against the rough wood with the grip he has on my balls
as he squeezes them.  And he twists my balls and I'm afraid he's
going to twist them right off and it hurts like hell but my cock
is still oozing like a leaky faucet.  Then his other hand takes
one of my tits and starts twisting that and he's twisting my
balls and twisting my tit and I'm moaning loudly.  He switches
hands on my balls and grabs the other tit and he's twisting my
balls and my tits real hard and squeezing my balls and twisting
them hard.
 
Then he grabs my cock with his rough callused hands and strokes
it roughly a few times.  I am about to explode in orgasm just as
he lets go and I am caught on the brink, but don't quite make it
over.
 
He walks a few feet back, still in front of me.  He stands there
and looks at me panting.  I'm afraid of what might happen next
and am hoping against hope that it's all over.
 
 Then he starts un-buttoning his shirt.  He pulls out the tails
and throws it on the ground.  He's wearing a T-shirt underneath.
 He leans against a beam and pulls off one boot then the other
and both his socks.  The whole time he is looking at me.  And I
want nothing more than to watch him and he pulls up his T-shirt
exposing his hot and muscled belly and chest.  His chest has
thick hair that swirls over his well-developed pecs and around
his taut brown nipples.  This guy obviously works out.  The hair
collects between his pecs and descends in a line through
well-defined ass then disappears into the waist band of his
trousers.  The T-shirt comes off his head and slightly dishevels
his hair, giving him a sort of little boy look.  He's looking at
me, his lips slightly parted as he's pulling the T-shirt off his
thickly muscled arms in front of him.  He throws it onto the
ground with the shirt.
 
I'm hung on a beam totally naked with a raging hard-on in front
of me and I'm staring at this hunk of an athlete-cop who is
masculinity and boyishness personified.  And my cock is making
involuntary throbs like it has just cum all over the place.
 
He stands there and watches me, watching my face and taking in
my body; taking in my rigid cock pulsing in front of me.
 
And he reaches for his pants.  He unhooks the top and pulls down
the fly. He looks at me again, then hooks his thumbs into the
waistband and pushes them down.  He's wearing short boxer shorts
underneath and this time the gigantic bulge in his underwear is
doing nothing to conceal itself.  He drops his pants in the pile
and stands and looks at me.  He looks military now, somehow.  It
must be the boxer shorts or the tattoo I've just noticed on his
arm.  But he's standing there almost naked with nicely muscled
legs looking handsome as hell, and he is so hot I can hardly
stand it.
 
He turns around now with his broad, V-shaped back to me.  His
hands go to the waistband of his boxer shorts.  Slowly they
begin to push down.  The small of his back gives way to the
outward curve of his upper ass.  I've always thought this was
one of the sexiest parts of a man.  He pushes the shorts down
further over the rising twin mounds of his ass and the valley
appears between the cheeks.  He pushes them down further and
they cross the top of the mounds and jump down the other side to
his thighs.  This man's ass is magnificent. It's not a boy's
ass, but a man's ass.  It is perfectly molded and muscular with
a slight amount of hair growing into the crack. He bends to push
the shorts off and the valley widens to reveal a dark moist
abyss below backed by the outline of a dangling ball-sack.
 
I am weak with the splendor of Eros before me.  Even the back of
his head is sexy above the solid neck and the broad shoulders.
And the muscled back that tapers to the trim waist and the ripe,
luscious ass-cheeks below.  When I die I want to be buried with
my face in these buns.
 
Then the vision moves and begins to turn, it seems to me in
slow-motion. First I see the profile of his chest and the
outline of a tit and the well-formed legs and the hip.  And his
magnificence moves into view. The hair that ran around his navel
comes down and widens into a dark full bush of hair backed by
the muscles of his lower abdomen and thighs.  And his
magnificent cock stands fully erect and proud, straight and
huge, mighty and veined.  It is perfectly circumcised with a
pink engorged head and a wide slit at the top.  His full balls
hang massively beneath and I feast my eyes on the most beautiful
equipment I've seen on a man.  I don't know if he knows I am
stunned, but even immobile as I am he must see the look of awe
on my face.  At any rate, he does not move while I take in the
splendor and raw sex of his body.
 
Then he walks over to me, cock waving proudly in the air.  He
stands before me and holds my chest just below my arms and rubs
my hard nipples with his thumbs.  He runs his hands down my
sides and looks me in the face.  Then he presses his full body
against mine; cock against cock, balls against balls, belly
against belly, chest against chest.  He moves his face in front
of mine and presses his lips into mine.  My mouth parts and our
tongues begin to probe, his forcing its way into my mouth, mine
wanting to know the inside of his.  He wraps his arms around me
and he's running his rough hands up and down my back.  He runs
them down to my ass and presses my pelvis hard against his, and
he's squirming his cock against mine, his balls against mine,
his belly against mine, his chest against mine, his tits against
mine, his tongue probing deeply into my mouth, his fingers
probing deeply the crack of my naked ass.
 
His lips and tongue are full and his masculinity and warmth
envelope me. How can I feel so much passion with my hands bound
above me?  I am longing to stroke back to feel his body, to
caress his strong back and his firm ass, to rub his balls and
stroke his cock, to take his cock in my mouth and to make him
come all over me, all over my face and chest.  My greatest
anguish now is not being able to stroke his body with my hands,
to wrap my arms around his torso, to bury my face in his chest.
 
His mouth releases mine and we both gasp for air.  He pushes
himself away from me slightly and begins kissing my neck wetly.
His tongue moves up behind my ear and down the side of my neck.
And I am suffering a different agony now; the exquisite agony of
his tongue sending shivers through my neck and into my body.  He
moves to the other side and re-applies his exquisite
tongue-torture.  He is moving his mouth out and along my
shoulder and down into my exposed arm-pit.  He laps up and down
there and I am crying out and his tongue is sending shivers
throughout my body.  He works his way around the bottom of my
pectoral then up to my tit where his tongue circles before
diving home.  His tongue and mouth lap and suck my nipple and
his teeth nip and bite.  He moves to the other tit and tongues
it and bites it equally before moving to the other arm-pit.  He
works his mouth down the side of my body slightly in back just
above my hip then slightly in front, then down the line between
the abdomen and the thigh.  I can't believe he's starting down
the inside of my thigh, half-way down then moving in deeper and
working his way back up.  He switches to the other thigh and is
working down and up and up to the lower line of my abdomen and
up to that place above my hip.  Then down again toward my
crotch.  His nose is nuzzling my balls to one side as his tongue
probes the area between my thigh and my ball-sack.  Then lightly
under my balls to the other thigh and the sensitive tissue on
the other side. My head is thrown back again but this time in
exquisite pleasure.  I have never had my body caressed this well
before.  This man is discovering erotic places on my body that
even I hadn't known about.
 
He lightly begins licking my balls and probing deeply beneath
them and all around the sides of them.  He works his way up
between them to the base of my cock where he turns his head
sideways to put his lips on the very base of my cock.  He laps
the lower shaft then works his way slowly up.  My straining cock
feels like it is about to burst.  "Please suck me," I hear
myself saying, "please suck me.  Oh, God, please suck me."
 
His tongue laps the sides of my dick and the under part of the
shaft and up towards the top it hits a spot just below the slit
where the point of his tongue dances lightly for a few moments
around my foreskin causing my entire cock to tense in an attempt
to avoid an impending explosion.  He then grabs my cock from
under my balls, forcing my balls up tightly against my cock. His
tongue circles the head of my cock and his lips press against
it, his teeth gently bite my foreskin, I shudder as I allow his
hot mouth envelope my cock.  He sinks his mouth down over half
my cock, then pulls back and sinks again, sucking it like that,
sucking it hard and he's grabbing my balls and he's sucking my
cock and my head is going crazy.  And he goes deeper on my cock
which pushes well past his throat and he takes my entire cock.
And his mouth is down to my bush and his nose is pressed into me
and he pulls back slightly and is throat fucking my cock.  I can
feel the stubble of his beard on my balls, and his mouth and his
throat are hot and tight, and he is relentlessly sucking my
cock. And my hands are bound above me and my legs are straddled
wide and this gorgeous hot cop-hunk is deep-throating my cock
and sucking my cock.  And his hands are grabbing my ass cheeks
and his finger is working my asshole. And his head is bobbing up
and down on my cock and his finger is working its way into my
asshole, and he's pressing up into my asshole and my head is
thrashing from side to side and I'm moaning really loudly
because I can feel something opening up inside me and I know I'm
about to CUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!  AGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!! His finger
is working my asshole and my cock is plunging down his throat
and I'm shooting my load right down his throat and I cum and I
cum and I cum and I cum and I cum and I cum and I cum and I cum.
 And I'm still cuming and he's still finger fucking me and his
hot throat is still pumping my cock and my cock is still pumping
into his hot throat.
 
My body is still convulsing and his mouth is still on my dick.
His finger is still up my ass.  And I'm gasping and the
convulsions are subsiding and I'd drop to the ground if I could,
but I'm still hung from this beam.  And my body droops as he
lets my cock out of his mouth and it's still convulsing little
convulsions.  And he gently works his finger out of my ass, runs
his hands over my ass and down my legs, then sits back in the
hay breathing hard.
 
He lays back on one arm and his legs are spread toward me.  His
huge cock it jutting straight up into the air.  As he is looking
at me he reaches down between his crotch and hefts his balls.
Then he moves his hand up to his cock and begins pumping it.
His eyes narrow and he lets out a low moan but he continues to
stare at me.  His hand is pumping harder up and down the shaft
of his mighty cock.  And he's stroking it really hard and
pounding his fist up and down the shaft and he head starts
oozing thick and clear pre-cum.  I'm sure he is about to shoot
when he pulls his hand away from his cock.  It is massively hard
and throbbing and dripping, and pulses on the verge of orgasm.
 
He gets up and comes over to me again.  With his finger he wipes
a glob of the pre-cum from the tip of his cock.  He lifts it up
and putting it in my faces, he shows it to me.  My mouth opens
slightly.  His finger moves to my lips and circles my mouth
spreading his pre-cum around my lips.  I move my head up
slightly and my tongue moves out to take his finger.  I lick the
underside of his finger, then the sides, then I suck it into my
mouth. My tongue plays with the underside of his finger as my
mouth moves over it, sucking it, in and out. And I suck his
finger slowly and I suck the pre-cum from it.  And I am looking
into his blue eyes and I am sucking his finger.  And he is
looking into my face and watching me suck it and obviously
enjoying the feel of my hot mouth on finger.
 
He pulls his finger out of my mouth and presses his lips into
mine.  And again his tongue is probing my mouth and my tongue is
exploring his.  His hot mouth is all over mine and his hard body
is pressing into mine and I realize he is reaching up and
pulling my arms up and releasing my up -stretched arms from the
beam. He brings my aching arms down in front of me and pushes
down on my shoulder.  I compliantly go down to my knees.  I am
eye-to-eye with his manhood and my mouth moves toward it,
opening.  But he pushes me down more and I have nowhere to go
but down into the hay on my back.  He re-attaches my hands to
the bottom of the beam and I am bound still, but in a new
position.  He stands over me and straddles my body and looks
down at me. And I am looking up at the Colossus of Rhodes whose
muscular thighs converge in manhood where his large balls hang
between the crevice of his manly ass and the tower of his turgid
phallus.
 
He squats over me and kneels, straddling my stomach.  His rough
hands run themselves over my chest and sides.  He bends to lay
his lips on mine again and his legs go out along the length of
mine as he lays himself beside me, one leg between my legs, hand
on my pectoral, mouth on my mouth.  And he runs his hand up and
down my body and it moves to my crotch and it fondles my balls
and probes my asshole and strokes my once-again hard dick,
forcing the foreskin to cover and uncover my cockhead. He then
pushes himself up and straddles me again, this time across my
chest.  And he moves up until his cock is over my face and I
strain up to touch it with my mouth.  He presses the length of
his cock over my face and my mouth is open and my tongue is
lapping the underside of his hot shaft as he is rolling his cock
over my face, over my nose and I can feel its heat as he rolls
it into and over my eyes and along the side of my face.  And my
mouth is open and my tongue is greedily lapping at the underside
of his hot huge cock as he rubs it all over my face and I want
nothing more than to be here with his hot, veined cock rubbing
all over my face.  And the wetness of my saliva and the
smoothness of his veined cock make a slipperiest where he is
moaning softly and pressing his cock into my face and my eyes
and making a fucking motion as he rubs his hot cock all over my
face.
 
And he moves up slightly so that my chin is in his ball sack,
and he moves up a little more so that his balls are over my
mouth.  And I want nothing more than to lap on his heavy balls
as he rubs them in my face, and he rubs them back and forth
across my face, and my mouth is open and hungrily lapping his
balls as they rub all over my face.  And he presses his balls
into my eyes and I can feel their soft, hot fleshiness on my
eyelids and I am moving my head from side to side and fondling
his heavy balls with my nose and my face, and the heat of his
crotch and the heat of his thighs surround my face and my head
and I am enveloped in this hot cop's crotch and I never want to
leave.
 
He pushes his balls over my mouth.  "Suck on my balls," he says.
 I open my mouth wide.  I am lapping his balls and I suck one
gently into my mouth.  I release it and I suck in the other one.
 "Both of them," he says, and I stretch my mouth wide and take
both his balls and his entire ball-sack into my mouth.
 
He leans forward and his body presses his balls into my mouth.
His cock lays against the side of my nose and across my eyes.
"Gnaw on them," he says, and I grind my teeth gently but firmly
on the ball-sack between his balls and cock.  He is groaning out
loud and holding my head with both his hands.  "Yeah, suck my
balls," he says, "Suck my balls."  And I am sucking his balls
and gnawing on his bag.  And he is actually very vulnerable to
me now, but I am still in his control, so I gnaw on his balls
firmly, but pay close attention to the pressure of his hands and
the sharp in-take of his breath and he is very tense and
sensitive but still pushes his ball-sack into my mouth.  He then
moves one hand to the top of my head and the other to his cock.
And I watch him pump the massive shaft of his cock above me as I
chew on his balls and his head is thrown back and he moans.
 
I am expecting him to cum and I can already feel the hot gobs of
cum on my face.  And he is alternately pumping his cock and
rubbing it in my face, and I want to feel his hot cum all over
my face.
 
He stops pumping and I watch his giant cock throb as it oozes
copious amounts of clear pre-cum.  He indicates that he wants me
to release him and I comply as his hot slippery balls pop out of
my mouth.  Then he moves back slightly and picks up my head and
points the head of his cock toward my mouth.  I open my mouth to
take in his hot meat.  He holds my head up and pushes his hot
cock into my mouth and makes my head fuck his hot cop meat and I
want nothing more than to be sucking this hot cop man-tool. And
he shoves his huge cock deeper into my throat and he hugs my
head tight against his crotch and fucks my head as his other
hand leans out to the beam for support.  And he's stretched out
above me, his stomach taut and his chest arched back, and his
hips are rocking as his fat cop cock fucks my mouth in and out
and in and out and in and out.  And I hear him moaning like he's
about to cum and I want nothing more than to feel his hot cop
cum shoot down my throat and spurt with force into my gullet.
 
And again he stops.  He pulls his cock out of my mouth and
swings his leg over me, then the other one back.  Suddenly he is
straddling me in reverse and I am looking up at his muscular cop
back and his manly, firm cop ass. And he moves his firm ass over
my face and my willing mouth opens.  But his ass goes beyond my
face and his balls run over my eyes and he's leaning forward and
rising up and pushing his cock toward my mouth again. And my
mouth opens and he pushes his cock in and he starts fucking my
mouth.  And am watching his balls and his ass going up and down
as he fucks my mouth and this is so hot.  And he is grabbing my
balls and suddenly I feel his mouth on my cock and his cock is
fucking my mouth and his mouth is sucking my cock and we are
both fucking each other's mouth and sucking each other's cocks
and this energy is going around and around from his cock in my
mouth to my cock in his mouth.  And we are writhing and rolling
and he rolls onto his side and I'm on my side and his thighs are
locked around my head and his hot cock is fucking my mouth as I
watch his balls and his ass fucking my mouth, and his hands are
grabbing my ass and probing my asshole, and we're sucking and
fucking and sucking and fucking and sucking and in and out and
suck and fuck and suck and fuck and suck and fuck and suck...
 
He rolls back up onto me and sits up, pulling his cock out of my
mouth. He moves up slightly and pushes his ass onto my face.  My
face is now buried in the nirvana of his hot moist crack with
his man's asshole pressing on my lips.  My mouth opens and my
tongue probes the contours of his anus.  My lips kiss his
sphincter, my tongue licks the crack, my nose traces the hot
sweaty crevice from cock to testes and back to his man-hole.  My
tongue presses in and widens the hole and rims the edges, and
his body presses back and wriggles onto my tongue, my mouth, my
nose, my face.  And his pelvis is thrusting and his ass is
fucking my face and my tongue is probing his ass and pressing
in, deeper and deeper, and in to his oh so smooth rectum.  And
my tongue is fucking his ass and I can see his back arching and
his head thrown back, and his ass is fucking my face and pushing
itself into my face, and my tongue is lapping at every part of
his ass and probing into his anus as deeply as it can go, which
isn't far enough, because it wants to crawl in and become one
with this cop forever fucking, internally fucking.
 
And I feel his hands pull my legs up and back and he is leaning
forward and reaching under my ass and pulling my ass up into the
air.  And I am still trapped under him, my face in his ass, and
my legs are caught under his arms and my back is curled up off
the ground, my legs spread, my ass in the air.  And he is
holding my lower back to keep my ass in the air and he leans
forward and begins licking my balls, then licking that part of
my cock below my balls, and works his way back and he's licking
my open ass. And his hot mouth hits my up-turned asshole and his
hot wet tongue rims my asshole and probes it open.  And he is
sitting on my face and I am sucking his asshole, and he is
holding my ass up and tonguing my butthole.  And there are
shivers going up my spine as his hot tongue probes my asshole
and my face writhes in his hot ass as he eats my ass as if it
were dessert. And he's hugging my lower back and pressing my
up-turned ass into his face and sucking and chewing and tonguing
my ass and my balls and he licks my balls and probes my asshole
with his finger as he wriggles his ass into my face and moans
and rocks and fucks my face with his ass and fucks my ass with
his finger.  And he presses in a second finger and a third, and
he's stretching my asshole wide as he lays my ass back down, and
he's fucking me with his hand and his other hand goes to my hard
cock and it strokes it roughly.  And his mouth goes to my dick
and he sucks on my dick and fondles my balls and fucks my ass
with his fingers while my face and tongue are buried deep within
his hot cop's ass.   And we're both rocking our hips and fucking
and rocking and sucking and fucking and sucking... He stops
again and I can hardly take it.  I want to cum in his throat and
I want him to cum all over me and he has stopped again.  He gets
off me, stands and looks down at me, and he is breathing hard.
His cock is still rock-hard and his balls are still huge.  He is
still the gorgeous hot cop who is driving me crazy and holding
me bound captive.
 
He reaches down, grabs my hips, flips me over and brings me to
my knees. My ass is now sticking up in the air, my arms
outstretched with my hands still bound to the bottom of the
beam.  He kneels down behind me and feels my ass cheeks.  His
finger probes my asshole, pushing in and widening it. His finger
is withdrawn and I feel his hands on my hips.  Then I feel his
mouth on my ass and his tongue probing my asshole.  I push back
onto his tongue because I want more.  I want more, I want more,
I want more. "Please fuck me," I am pleading. "Please fuck me,
oh please, please fuck me, please fuck me."
 
I feel him move into position.  His hand gropes under my crotch
and strokes my dick and fondles my balls.  I hear him spit and I
feel him apply it to my pleading anus.  I hear him spit again
and apply it to his rock-hard cop dick.  I feel his thighs
against my inner exposed thighs and then I feel the head of his
cock on my asshole as he positions his dick against my willing
ass.
 
I push back a little and he pushes forward.  His cock presses
into my ass and my anus widens.  I struggle with a sharp pain as
his cockhead pierces my sphincter.  He stops while my anus
relaxes over his cock.  I press back slightly and he takes the
signal to push forward.  His cock is sliding into me slowly, bit
by bit, sliding in and I am stretched so tightly I don't know if
I can take his entire massive hot cop cock into my ass.  But
he's still pressing inward and I still want his hot cock up my
ass, I want all of it right up inside my ass, buried in my ass
and I am struggling back onto his cock and he is pushing his fat
cop cock slowly up into my ass, and I want it all.
 
Then suddenly I feel the hilt of his cock, his bushy crotch
against my ass and his entire huge, meaty cop cock is stuffed
all the way up my stretched out ass and we are motionless for a
moment while I enjoy having his big stiff dick filling my ass
and my ass adjusts to having this huge salami stuck up into it.
 
He is holding my hips and he moves back slightly and pushes in
again. I grunt as he pushes, not yet accustomed to such a big
dick stretching me and probing as deeply as his.
 
"That's right, grunt," he says, "Grunt like the pig you are."
And he pulls further out and shoves his cock back up to the
hilt.  And I grunt again.
 
"Yeah, grunt while I fuck you, you pig.  Grunt while I fuck you
real hard."
 
And he pulls his cock half-way out and shoves it back in to the
hilt and starts a rhythmic fucking of my ass as he withdraws his
cock and shoves it back up into my ass.  I struggle as his
driving cock feels like it's going to split me open.  And he
pulls back further and plunges in deeper and I don't know if I
can take this as he starts fucking my ass harder and harder.
I'm struggling and wriggling my ass as he ploughs it deeper and
deeper and my head is thrown back and my back is arched inward
and my ass is being held by his rough cop hands and he's bucking
and fucking and ploughing his fat cop cock up into my hot ass.
 
"Yeah I'm fucking you hard, you pig, I'm fucking you with my big
cop dick. I'm fucking you hard and you want it.  You want it
bad.  You want my big fat cop cock stuffed up your ass, fucking
your ass."  And he's fucking me and bucking and he's fucking me
hard.  And I can feel his cop balls slapping against my balls as
he pulls back and shoves his cock back into my ass and pulls it
out almost all the way and shoves it back in right up to the
hilt and I can feel his balls slapping against mine again.  And
he's fucking me hard and fucking me hard and he slaps my ass as
he fucks me, and now he's leaning down onto my back and wrapping
his arm around my chest and humping my ass and feeling my chest
and my belly and fucking my ass and reaching down and grabbing
my cock and grabbing my balls and fucking my ass real hard.  And
he's laying on top of me and humping me like a bull and my ass
wants this, it wants to be fucked and I'm grunting and grinding
my ass into his bushy crotch as his fat cop cock shoves its way
up into my ass.
 
Then he pulls out his cock and flips me back over onto my back.
He throws my legs back up to my shoulders and leans his cock
back into my ass.  I'm now facing this hot hunk or an
athlete-cop whose fucking my ass.  And he's on his knees and my
ass is impaled on his cock and he reaches down and is stroking
my dick and fucking me really nicely all of a sudden, and he's
fucking me really nicely with his giant hot cock cop.  And my
legs are up over his shoulders now and he's ploughing my ass and
stroking my cock with his rough cop hands and he's driving me
out of my mind with delectation. My ass just wants all the hot
cop cock it can get into it as deeply as it can get it and it's
bouncing up and down on his huge cop cock.  And I'm watching him
pump my ass, his hairy chest heaving, his tits hard and pointed,
his stomach muscles tensing and contracting and his hips
thrusting his hot cop cock up into my ass, his exposed, naked
cop ass pounding away at me, fucking me, fucking me, oh so good,
fucking me, stroking my dick, fucking my ass, oh fuck me, yeah
fuck me, oh harder, oh deeper, oh god, oh god, oh god, oh god,
oh FUCK ME, OH FUCK ME, FUCK ME, FUCK ME, FUCK ME, ARHHHHH!
AAAARHHHHHHHHHHH!  OH GOD, OH FUCK ME, FUCK ME, UNHHHH,
AIHHHHHHHH! UNHH! And I'm cuming like a rocket and he's beating
my meat and I'm shooting into the air and I'm cuming hard, and I
realize he's cuming too.  And his head is thrown back and I'm
not the only one screaming and he's cuming and fucking my ass to
beat the band and I can feel his hot cum squirting hard up
inside me, and he's bucking and thrusting and his hot cop ass is
pounding my ass and my legs are wrapped around him 'cause I
don't want him to stop and his bushy cop crotch is shoving his
huge cock up into my ass, and I'm going nuts, my head is
exploding and writhing and my ass is still trying to shove
itself deeper onto his giant hot cop cock.  And he's slowing
down but still pumping into my ass getting the best strokes in,
and he's holding my hips and shoving his hips into my ass with
his head thrown back and his hot hairy cop chest thrown out and
his hot cop stomach muscles flexing with each thrust.  And he's
leaning toward me still fucking and his fierce eyes are looking
down at me and his jaw is slack and he's leaning down over me
and laying his body over me and putting his mouth on mine and
still fucking my ass and laying his head next to mine and laying
his body over mine.  And my legs are up around his back and he's
laying on top of me and he's still fucking me slowly and my legs
are holding him tight and I don't want to let him off of me and
I don't want to let his cock out of my ass.
 
He's laying on top of me and we're both covered with my cum and
his cum is dripping out of my ass.  And my legs are still around
him and his cock is still up my ass and I don't want to move.
And we're both heaving and panting and catching our breaths and
I don't want the warmth of his body to leave me.
 
We slowly relax and the spasms subside.  He's still inside of
me, but it's not as tight.  My eyes are closed and I'm feeling
the warmth of his neck on mine and the warmth of his face on
mine.  I'm feeling the warmth of his body on mine and the
pleasure of his cock still in my ass.  And in post-orgasmic
bliss I drift off into unconsciousness.
 
When I awaken, I am unbound.  The cop is cradling me in his
naked lap like a child and rubbing my red wrists.  I put my arms
around the bulk of his chest and lean my face into the softness
and warmth of his pectoral and armpit.  He has been wiping my
body clean and is rocking me slowly. Everything is quiet except
for the ringing of the silence and the far distant slow pulsing
of an airplane. I have no desire to move.  My hand moves up and
down the muscular back that I'm now allowed to caress and as I
snuggle closer he pulls his jacket up over us.  I recognize his
smell in it as I drift back into a warm cradled sleep.
 
                        ......Pleasant Dreams!
