
                           Chapter 1

     It all starts on a typical foggy San Francisco night.  You are sitting at
home when the phone rings, its me and I tell you to get dressed in the sexiest
dress that you have.  I also tell you that a car will be a long to pick you up
to take you to dinner at my room at the San Francisco Hilton. I tell you that
this may be the most erotic night for either of us.

     You quickly get ready, dressing in a very sexy black cocktail dress. Just
wearing the dress makes you feel very sexy and your nipples begin to get hard.
You start to imagine just what the night holds in store for you and the
thoughts that race through your mind begin to excite you even more.  You feel a
slight dampness between your legs and want to feel the wetness, but as you
start your doorbell rings.  You get your thoughts together and answer the door,
standing there is the driver.  He is tall and very muscular, his eyes are dark
and you can't speak for the slightest of moments.  He explains that he has been
sent to pick you up and to take you to dinner at my room.  He extends his arm
and walks you to the awaiting car.  He opens the door on the burgundy limo and
helps you in the car.  As he is doing this his arm brushes your breast, sending
a chill through your spine. You look down at his crotch and see the large
bulge that protrudes from his pants.  Your mind again races, wondering just how
big he might be.  As you are being driven to the Hilton you notice the
plushness of the interior of the limo.  You arrive at the Hilton and the driver
opens the door to let you out, you now notice just how good looking he is and
how dark and sexy his eyes are.

      You are then escorted up to the room by Robert (the driver), still
thinking about what lies under the uniform.  The door swings open and there to
greet you is Arlene the hostess for this very private dinner. She is a vision
of beauty, and again you can't help but keep your eyes off her.  Standing
besides Robert you notice that they make a wonderful couple.  You walk in and
I am standing there, telling you just how wonderfully you look tonight.  You
can notice by the way I am looking at you that I approve of what you are
wearing.  You also realize that I am undressing you with my eyes.

     I then take your hand and lead you to the couch.  We sit and talk to each
other for what seems to be forever.  I explain that tonight will be a night to
remember.  I can feel my passion growing for you and my desire to lay you down
and ravish your body.  As we continue talking, Robert and Arlene work on
finishing up the last of the dinner.  We are called to the table to eat.  You
notice that both Robert and Arlene have changed, and what they are wearing now
is less than what they were when you arrived. Robert is wearing a very tight
shirt and even tighter pants, the bulge is still there and seems to be bigger.
Arlene is wearing a very short black skirt and a white low cut blouse. You
wonder why they would have changed to serve dinner and why into what they are
wearing.

      Dinner is served and is fantastic!  We eat, drink and basically enjoy
ourselves to the fullest.  But as the night wears on you notice that Robert is
not wearing any underwear, the outline of his cock is starting to excite you.
He keeps brushing up against you and you can feel it against your arm.  Your
feelings are not just for Robert though, for some strange but wonderful reason
you are enticed by Arlene also.  We finish dinner and I suggest we retire to
the another room...

      We sit down on the couch but you can see Robert and Arlene cleaning of
the table.  You notice also that when Arlene bend over the table that she is
not wearing and panties and that you can see the cheeks of her ass.  Something
else also you see that she is not wearing a bra either and that her nipples are
showing through the material of the blouse.  You can feel yourself beginning to
become excited, your nipples are becoming harder and you can feel the wetness
between your legs.

      As all of this is going on, I lean over and kiss you softly on your
mouth.  You welcome the kiss and now you can feel my hand on your leg inching
up your body.  As our tongues probe each others you feel my hand squeezing your
breast slowly.  I whisper in your ear just how wonderful your breasts feel and
how much I want to make love to you.  As we continue kissing I begin to unzip
your dress.  I then ask you to stand so that I may remove your dress and expose
your wonderful body.  You stand and by your side is standing Robert and Arlene,
both of whom are naked.  You stare at both of them and admire their bodies.
Robert, who's body is that of an athlete and you were right in guessing that he
was well endowed. Arlene, the petite sweet looking woman, with beautiful breast
and such a lovely body.

      I have Robert pick you up and tell him to carry you into the bedroom.  As
you are brought into the bedroom you notice all the candles and the sweet smell
of the flowers.  There is music playing softly in the back round and you see
the different type of oils to be used on you.  We all gather around you as you
lie upon the bed...

      Your mind races with the thoughts of what might be about to happen...

      I watch you laying there in your beauty and grace.  Your breath quickening
to keep up with your heart.  We turn you over and begin to rub the oils on your
back, legs and arms.  Your skin is so very soft and you begin to moan as I rub
further up your legs, ever closer to the spot I most want to taste.  We turn
you over and start to apply the oil to your front, the smell of Strawberries
stir your senses.  You feel us caressing your body, with each movement your
body quivers.  Robert and Arlene rub the oil over your breast, kneading them as
they rub the oil in.  I work on your legs, first the feet and working my way up
each leg. As I get to the top of each leg, I lightly bush the hair of your
beautiful mound of Love. After applying the oil to your breasts and legs, we
begin to gentle touch you.  Arlene and Robert start to lightly touch your
nipples, exciting them even more.  They bend over and begin to lightly lick and
suck on them, you watch as they both take your nipples into their mouths. I
also start to lightly touch the spot that all men crave.  I slowly start
rubbing the outside of your pussy, paying close attention to your clit.  With
each movement of my fingers it grows,  I can hear you moaning and the sounds of
Arlene and Robert on you nipples blend right in with it. I watch as you extend
your arms, so that you are able to caress Robert's cock and Arlene's pussy.  You
start to stroke Robert and rub Arlene.  As this is happening I take and spread
your legs so that I am able to start licking and teasing that sweet pussy of
yours.  Robert kneels on the bed so that his cock is just a few inches from
your mouth.  You flick your tongue out at the head of his throbbing cock.  You
move your head so that it is even closer to it, this way you are able to take
it into your mouth. Even as you do this your hand never leaves the middle of
Arlene's legs. You feel the wetness of her and that excites you even more.  We
are now complete,  with you sucking Robert and playing with Arlene and I eating
your pussy with a hunger that can't be beat. I desire to feel your hot mouth on
my cock also, so Arlene and I exchange places.  She dives between your legs to
taste what I have raved about so far.  As I approach the side of the bed your
hand is there to greet me, you take my cock in your hand. You continue to suck
Robert as Arlene hungrily laps at your pussy.  I feel your hand moving slowly
up and down the shaft of my cock.  I watch as your mouth works up and down on
Robert's erect member, still waiting to feel the moistness of your mouth and
tongue. You turn your head towards me and I feel your tongue dart out and flick
at the head of my hard cock.  This sends a chill up my spine and make my head
spin.  I can now feel your lips going around the head of my cock, slowly
engulfing the entire shaft. As you are doing this both Robert and I continue to
play with your all ready hard nipples.  We knead your large tits while you
fondle Robert's cock and my balls.  I can also see as Arlene eats your pussy,
you constantly push your pussy into her face as if to smother her. Robert then
lays down and you mount him slowly,  feeling every inch of his cock go into
you.  As you ride him Arlene sits on his face so that she can feel his hot
tongue taste her, like she did to you.  I stand up so that, as Robert fucks you
and Arlene sucks on your nipples, you can still suck my hard cock.  I can feel
both Arlene and your hands on my ass, supporting me as I stand on the bed.
Your mouth and tongue fill me with feeling of great joy, my cock feels as if it
was ready to explode.  With each thrust of Robert's cock, you moan and suck
even harder.  I also hear the moans of Arlene as Robert sticks his tongue up
her hot, tight pussy.  After what seems to be eternity we change positions. I
have begun to fuck you from behind, with Arlene under us licking at your clit
and my balls.  Robert has started to fuck Arlene, in this position you can see
his cock going in and out of her pussy and smell the sweetness of her.  Your
pussy is so hot and it feel so good to be deep inside of something that I have
long for, for so long.  I feel Arlene's tongue on my balls and this excites me
even more.  The smell of sex is everywhere.   We all continue fuck and licking,
me fucking you, Robert fucking Arlene,. You arch your back and raise your head
so that you and Robert can kiss each other.  He pulls his cock out Arlene and
tells you to taste her sweet young cunt.  You lower your head and begin to lick
and suck at her hard clit, darting your tongue in and out of the hole that
Robert had been fucking just a few short moments ago.  As you do this I cont.
to fuck you even harder. The sound of my balls slapping against you is mixed in
with the sound of you, Arlene and myself moaning.  You love the taste of her and
it seems that you just can't get enough of her.  Your tongue goes even deeper
into her, you take her clit between your teeth and gently bite it. I then roll
you over onto your back and push my cock deeply into your extremely hot and wet
pussy.  You look to your left and watch as Robert does the same to Arlene with
his cock.  The sounds of moaning and of cocks going in and out of wet pussies
fill the room.  Robert and I begin to fuck you both harder and faster, slamming
our cocks deep inside of you.  I begin to feel myself cumming and by the sounds
of Robert I sense that he is also about to cum.  Robert pulls his cock out just
as he is ready to cum and  shoots his hot load onto Arlene, your tongue darts
out to taste his juice. Just then I start to cum and you ask for the same that
Robert did to Arlene,  I do and empty myself onto your soft belly.  I collapse
onto you, our sweat and my juices mix together.  We kiss deeply not wanting to
let go of each other.  I can feel your body quiver and it fills me with great
pleasure...We all lie there holding and touching each other for what seems to
be forever...


