Copyright 1997, Studs Manly,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.



Written by:  Studs Manly



1994 Incest
                            Hot Buns
     I had just turned 18 and was spending the summer with
 friends of the family who lived in another state.  Their only
 child was Laura, an attractive girl of 20 who was into several
 school sports.  But our personalities clashed.  She was an
 aggressive female jock, I was quiet, more into writing and the
 arts.  Still, Laura was the stuff wet dreams are made of and she
 inspired many a steely erection between my legs.
     One evening John told us that he and his wife had to leave
 the following morning on an urgent business trip for three days.
 Laura would be in charge and both adults lectured us both to
 behave and be careful and to be on our best behavior.
     I heard them leave the house a little after six in the
 morning as I lay in bed in the small spare bedroom.  While I
 wasn't looking forward to being bossed around by Laura,  I still
 felt a sense of freedom at the adults not being around.  I also
 felt the horny thrill of waking up with a tingly boner as I
 almost always had when I awoke.
     I threw off the covers and quickly slid my pajama bottoms
 off.  My dick throbbed with need as I grabbed it like the old
 friend it was and started, my cool fingers only adding to the
 randy feeling I had.  I let my other hand cup my full balls as I
 began the familiar stroking motion.  I shut my eyes and fanta-
 sized a naked female lying under me as I put to her.  I'd never
 seen a naked woman before, but I had seen Laura in her night-
 clothes, so it was no surprise that my dream girl had her face
 and athletic legs and arousing curves.
     I was pumping away, getting closer and closer to shooting
 off.  I had my trusty washcloth to catch my stuff and would wash
 it off as I showered so there would be no spots.  I knew that I
 was close and I took my hand from my balls and got the washcloth
 without missing a beat.  God, I just knew it was going to be a
 big one.  Any second now . . . almost . . . just a . . . .
     "YOU PERVERT!"  The voice was Laura's.  Real, too, not part
 of the fantasy.  My eyes opened and I saw her standing in the
 doorway, glaring at me.  I froze, dick in hand and ready to
 explode.  The look on Laura's face, though, was more than enough
 to terrify me, and her eyes riveted me motionless.  God, she
 looked pissed and ready to jerk my head off my neck or even
 something worse.  She took long, barefoot strides over to the
 side of my bed, eyes glaring menacingly on my rigid friend.  her
 hand reached out and her finger flipped the head sharply as
 though she were flicking something disgusting off of a piece of
 furniture.
     That's all it took.  I cried out from the sharp pain and my
 hand let go of my dick and my cum, pent up and ready to shoot,
 gushed from the end of my dick, sending gobs of white sperm
 flying in all directions and landing in wet, stringy strands on
 me, on the bed, and on Laura.  Strands of my scum landed on her
 nightie and her arms and a few drops even splattered her face.
     If looks could kill . . . well, Laura was shocked watching
 my dick spray like a loose garden hose and her eyes blazed
 angrily at what happened.   But at the same time she smiled
 slightly.  She might have been mad as hell but she liked what was
 happening.  I was scared shitless but I'd never been so turned on
 in my life and my dick never lost any of its hardness.
     Laura looked at her cum-splattered teddy and told me that
 she was going to bust my ass.  I knew she was big enough and
 strong enough to knock me out, but fighting wasn't her plan.  She
 sat on the bed and grabbed me, pulling me roughly over her lap
 until my butt was sticking up and my hardon was ticked tightly
 between her strong, hot thighs.
     "YOU LITTLE SHIT!" she yelled, punctuating her shout with a
 stinging smack to my butt that instantly brought tears to my
 eyes.  Yet, with the pain came the delicious feeling of her
 thighs squeezing my dick and my organ throbbing with randiness.
     SMACK!  Laura's hand whacked rapidly on my cheeks as I
 wailed and kicked uselessly.  I tried to cover my ass with my
 hand, but Laura grabbed it and held it out of the way so she
 could cover my cheeks with her excruciating swats.  At each
 smack, though, my dick was fucking her thighs until, in the
 moment pain fuses with pleasure, my dick started spewing its
 second load of the morning, directly between her clenching
 thighs.  When she felt me cumming, she stopped.  I was sobbing as
 I emptied my balls and suddenly Laura's hand started caressing my
 sore cheeks.  I stopped crying when I felt her lips on my flesh
 and I groaned when I felt her circle my bung hole and push its
 way inside.
     I couldn't believe it, of course.  One minute she's thrash-
 ing my ass, the next she's kissing it and her long tongue is
 squirming into my asshole.  My dick was still hard as a spike and
 slickened by the globs of cum I'd shot between her thighs.  I
 couldn't stop myself from humping her, enjoying the sensation of
 fucking her sperm-drenched thighs while she reamed my asshole.
     Suddenly she stopped and quickly stood me in front of her.
 My stiff, red, cum-covered dick aimed at her flushed face.  Her
 glazed eyes focused on it as it jumped with each rapid beat of my
 heart.  She licked her lips, groaned and leaned forward to
 capture my hard-on in a tight lip lock.  I groaned, too, and my
 knees shook as she sucked me in all the way until her lips mashed
 my pubic hair.  Her tongue licked 'round and 'round my dick, then
 darted out to lap at my balls.
     I heard cloth tearing and saw Laura just rip off her night-
 ie, exposing her firm boobs.  I got my hand down and felt one,
 her rigid nipple hot against my hand.  I put my other hand behind
 her bobbing head to help me keep my balance as her mouth fucked
 my dick.  I could hear feel her fingers circle my asshole and
 soon one worked its way inside.  Hell, that was weird but no way
 did I want it to stop.  It felt too damn good.
     "Laura, I'm gonna pop," I warned her, but she sucked all the
 harder.  I still can't believe that I was ready to shoot for the
 third time in less than an hour.  Hell, the mere fact that this
 Amazon had tongue-fucked my asshole and now I had my dick inside
 her warm, wet mouth and I was about to blast still more juice
 down here throat.
     "Cumming!" I gasped as I pulled her face against my belly
 and buried my dick in her mouth.  Her finger plumbed my ass and
 my cum sped up and out, shooting between her sucking, dick-
 crammed lips and down her throat.  It felt like my insides were
 gushing out of my dick, but it hurt so damn good.  I felt myself
 crying again, sobbing at the incredible pleasure I felt, painful
 though it was.
     I must have passed out or something or something because the
 next thing I remember I was on my back and Laura was sitting next
 to me, her body bare and her hand frantically scratching away
 between her legs.   Even though I'd never done it before, I
 quietly told her to sit on my face.  Just like it was something
 I'd done a hundred times before.  Laura smiled at me and rose to
 her knees.  I saw my first glimpse of real pussy as I looked at
 Laura's tangled thatch of brown curls between her jism-coated
 thighs.  The bright red inner flesh glistened above me as she
 straddled my head and I could see that she was quite wet with
 horniness.  The strong scent of her filled my nostrils as she
 lowered her gash and her warmth engulfed my awaiting tongue.
     "That's right," Laura said as she squirmed and wiggled on my
 face, smearing her wetness on my cheeks and chin.  I drilled my
 tongue into her wet hole, then I instinctively started sucking on
 her thick clit.  She loved it.  She humped wildly against my
 face.  I held her tightly and even teased her asshole with my
 finger.  Her groans told me she liked it and the way her round
 muscle nipped at my finger, I just knew she was no stranger to
 that sort of action.
     Laura whimpered when she came.  The muscles in her thighs
 quivered and she gushed a flood of her tangy juice down my
 throat.  I swallowed as fast as I could until I thought she was
 finished but then she slid forward and made it plain what she
 wanted next.
     "Suck my ass, you little shit!"
     That was plain enough.
     I drilled my tongue deep into her ass and her strong asshole
 almost tore my tongue off.  But I reamed her and sucked her for
 the longest time before Laura finally got off of my face.  I was
 exhausted and curled up to sleep but Laura made me go with her to
 the bathroom where we showered.  She told me to soap her good and
 scrub her clean.  And that was the way it went for the next three
 days until her mother and father returned.  Oh, I behaved,
 alright.  Laura made sure of that.
     The one time I sassed her, Laura made me regret it.  She had
 told me to suck her ass out and I was tired and told her to go
 fuck herself.
     Wrong choice of words.
     I was off guard when Laura suddenly got real sweet to me and
 I was lying on the bed and didn't realize until too late that she
 was tying my wrists.  Eventually, Laura had me tied face down, a
 pillow under my stomach and my bare butt high and open.  I heard
 her open and close a drawer.  I had no idea what she was putting
 on.
     Laura walked over behind me and breathed in my ear.  "Danny
 boy, I'm not gonna fuck myself.  I'm gonna fuck you!"  That's
 when I felt the knob of her big strap-on dildo rubbing my ass
 ole.  It's a good thing that I'd had her tongue and fingers in
 there before because that thing probably would have done some
 serious injury had I been an anal virgin.  As it was, it still
 hurt like hell when that unlubricated dong started making its way
 up my chute.
     Yeah, it hurt like hell, alright.  That's just what she
 wanted.  It felt like she was shoving a damn telephone pole up
 there and that it was going to rip me in two.
     But I still liked it.  Oh, I screamed and yelled and cried
 and strained and begged her to stop, but my dick was randy and
 hard as it ever had been.  And soon the pain just numbed out and
 Laura was merrily just screwing my tail.  I was about half out of
 it, shaking when I came.  When she stopped and saw that my cum
 had soaked the sheets, she just laughed and said that if she had
 known I liked to be fucked, she'd have done it sooner.  From then
 on she was gentler about it, lubing the dong first and fucking me
 face-to-face.
     When her mother commented on how clean the house was and how
 she had noticed that Laura and I seemed to be getting along much
 better, my asshole puckered and my dick started to get hard.
 Laura and I spent the remainder of the summer doing stuff.
     One thing we did that summer which we would never even
 consider now, was get together with some of her friends for a
 real, cum-drenched orgy.  Laura's friends were older than me, of
 course, and one day Laura and I went horseback riding with 3 of
 her female friends.  After riding for over an hour we stopped at
 a lake and everyone decided to go skinny dipping.
     Well, seeing all those naked women made my cock hard and I
 couldn't get in the water fast enough.  Karen and Jean and Betty
 didn't seem to be at all concerned about stripping in front of
 me.  Karen's long brown hair reached almost to her ass as she
 dove into the lake.  Jean was kind of a large woman and her tits
 were huge.  I couldn't help but stare at them as they floated and
 bobbed in the water.  Laura grabbed hold of my hardon right there
 in the water.  Her hand felt warm and wonderful around my cock,
 even though she was clenching it pretty hard.
     "Jean, come here.  Seems Danny has a boner here."  In
 seconds, Jean was feeling my cock and her tits were touching my
 chest.
     "Hey, come here!" Jean called to Betty and Karen, who swam
 over.  Betty ducked under the surface to see what I had and I
 swear she kissed the head.  Laura had one hand gripping my cock
 and the other hand gripping one of my asscheeks.
     "Girls, why don't we show this sorry sack of shit that it's
 not nice to ogle women and sprout boners?"  They got me out of
 the water and made me bend over with my hands on a big rock.
 Betty sat under me and fondled my cock and balls; Jean's hand at
 first just rubbed my ass and Karen sat on the rock, positioning
 herself so that her legs were on either side of my head and my
 face was just inches away from her water-flecked pubic patch.
     Suddenly, Jean landed a sharp whack on my ass, forcing my
 face into Karen's aromatic pussy.  Karen's hands grabbed my head
 and held me and she ordered me to eat her out.  Betty pulled on
 my cock as Jean continued to redden my butt.  Damn, but all that
 felt so good!  Sure, the spanking hurt like hell, Betty's hand
 jerked and pulled hard, and Karen tried to suffocate me in her
 pussy, but it felt good to be the center of attention for those
 three. I really didn't thing about Laura until I heard her tell
 her friends to bring me over to a shady spot where she had placed
 a blanket.  Betty pulled me by my dripping cock and told me to
 kneel.  Jean turned around in front of me and ordered me to kiss
 her ass.  I obeyed eagerly, planting kisses all over her large
 backside.  She moved and Betty bent forward and told me to suck
 her asshole, which winked at me provocatively from between her
 cheeks.
     I leaned forward and stuck my tongue out, tracing the
 crinkly flesh around her backdoor.  It literally grabbed hold of
 my tongue and pulled it inside her hot channel.
     "Oh, you were right, Laura," Betty groaned.  "He is a good
 ass sucker!  Get that tongue deeper, Danny!  Suck!"  While I
 reamed Betty's ass, hands and lips roamed over my throbbing cock,
 bloated balls and tender cheeks.  I felt as if my cock would
 explode if I didn't get some release soon and about then someone
 stuck a wet tongue around and inside my asshole.
     Suddenly Laura jerked me around and forced me onto my back,
 my cock sore and vibrating.  My heart was pounding but when I saw
 what Karen was strapping around her waist, I almost had a heart
 attack.  It was a strap-on cock, but much bigger than the six-
 inch one Laura used on me.  Karen's dong was a good 9 inches of
 thick fake cock.  It looked so damn real, like it was actually
 made for her.  The flesh tone matched so that she might well
 looked like she'd grown that veiny cock if the leather harness
 had not been there.
     Laura smiled down at me wickedly.  "Danny, you're about to
 get fucked.  I told them how much you like it."   Then Betty and
 Jean raised my legs and spread my cheeks.  "Look at the way his
 asshole is puckering, Karen.  He want that cock inside his hole,
 I tell you."
     "Let's tenderize him," Jean said and suddenly she and Betty
 started smacking my ass with their bare hands.  First, though,
 they spit on my upturned cheeks so that when their blows fell,
 their hands on my wet flesh stung sharply.  And I watched Karen
 spit in her hand and lubricate that immense dong.  Laura fingered
 my asshole.
     I was almost in a panic.  My butt was red and sore from
 being spanked.  Karen's enormous ass-stretcher was about to
 impale me, and I knew that it would hurt like hell.  Yet, in
 spite of everything, I was enjoying it.  Four naked women, my
 rigid cock on view, leaking and ready to gush anywhere they
 wanted.
     Karen knelt and teased my asshole with the head of her cock.
"I'm going to split your ass, Danny," she smirked.  Betty  and
 Jean stretched my cheeks apart.  Laura stood over my head, so
 that I could see her wet pussy, oil running down her thighs as
 she enjoyed watching and participating in this violation of my
 ass.
     Thank God Karen took her time.  At first.  By going slow
 initially, my sphincter was able to adjust to the girth of that
 bowel-borer of hers.  But it was still painful, believe me.  I
 whimpered and cried and squirmed, but it hurt too good and I
 didn't want her to stop.  Deeper that dick drilled, stretching my
 insides.  I felt drops of Laura's pussy honey land on my face as
 she frigged herself.  She and Jean and Betty stared in rapt
 fascination as they watched Karen skewer my ass.
     She shoved the last few inches inside with a thrust that was
 unexpected.  Air rushed from my lungs and my cum exploded from my
 cock, shooting high and spraying all five of us with my stuff.
 The pleasure and pain of it all about made me pass out, but I
 didn't.  Karen soon quit fucking me, but gave the ream rod to
 Jean and moved to sit squarely on my face while I licked her
 flooded pussy.
     My asshole got used very well for the rest of the afternoon.
 They spanked me and fucked me, they buried my tongue in their
 wet cunts, but they also sucked my cock, licked my balls and
 kissed my sore, red ass.  They even tried to soothe my violate
 asshole with their tongues, but I still had to walk my horse
 home.  I told John and Susan that my rear was sore from riding
 the horse.  Laura smiled knowingly, a twinkle in her eye.  But I
 got even before I left.  I spanked and reamed all four of them,
 and they loved it.

---

Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....


