
                    HOTBSTUD.TXT -- M/F, WIFE, INTER, SWING

                                 Hot Black Stud
                                Author: Unknown

      Three years ago my wife had her first experience with a Black man at a
swinging party.  That evening has changed the entire nature of our sex life --
and for the better.

      Our swinging was getting to be somewhat routine and we were both about to
drop out.  The one fantasy Beverly had never realized was to make it with a
really super-hung Black man.  She had always preferred men with larger than my
six incher, and the idea of contrast in color was something that had captured
her imagination.  As it turned out, the experience far surpassed her
expectations -- and mine, too.

      I am 40 and Beverly is 33.  We have been married for eight years, first
marriage for both of us.  Beverly is brunette, petite, and has big brown eyes
and a perfect figure.  I'm 6 foot, 160 lbs, pretty good-looking, professionally
employed, and the vice-president of a small company.  We began swinging four
years ago, first with couples, and then just with single men for Beverly --
mainly because my ability to achieve and maintain an erection degraded as I got
older.

      That evening three years ago we were at a private home with three other
couples and one single man, named Frank.  Frank was Black, very tall, a built,
and not bad-looking at all.  He was a close friend and swinging partner of our
hosts, Jim and Mary.  Jim had told me that Mary had a particular preference for
young Black men. Jim, like myself, is several years older than his wife.  Also
like me, he had more or less stopped participating in swinging himself, leaving
that to his wife.  Mary had told Beverly about Frank and had invited us so that
we could see her favorite partner in person.

      The two other couples soon went upstairs to one of the bedrooms.  We were
left with Jim, Mary, and Frank.

      "Beverly," said Mary, "you're going to have the biggest and hottest cock
of your life tonight.  But you have to share it with me."

      I think Beverly and I both blushed, because the three of them laughed.
Frank looked at me and said, "Jack, I like Beverly's looks and hope you don't
mind me enjoying her this evening."

      Before I could answer, Beverly said, "Of course he doesn't mind!  Right
Jack?"  I nodded my consent, and with that Frank started removing his clothes
as Mary and Beverly followed suit.  Jim then took me aside said that we go to
the kitchen and make drinks for everyone, suggesting that he had to tell me
something in private.

      "Jack, you've probably not going to believe this guy. Mary is totally
addicted to him.  He has an open invitation and often comes over and fucks Mary
during the day when I'm at work.  At first I objected, but it was useless.  Now
he whenever he comes over he spends night in our bed and I have to sleep on the
couch.  Mary then cut me off!  There's no denying him anymore.  I'm sure
Beverly will love it and think she's never had sex before by comparison. I hope
you can handle it if the same thing happens to you." I didn't know what to say.
I mumbled something about it never being a problem in the past.  We finished
the drinks and went back to the living room.

      What I saw was a scene which was to repeat itself many times in the next
three years, although at the time I didn't know it. Beverly was on her knees in
front of Frank, who was sitting on the sofa next to Mary.  In her hands was the
largest cock I had seen in person:  about ten inches long and very hard and fat
-- and Black. The head was glistening from what I assumed to be Beverly's
licking and sucking.  She began licking it from top to bottom.  I was
hypnotized at the sight.  Realizing I was there, Beverly looked over her
shoulder at me and said, "Jack, look at this!  I can't believe it!"  Then she
began licking and sucking again while Frank kissed Mary and played with her
breasts.

      Ten minutes later we were in the bedroom and Frank was poised above
Beverly with the head of his rigid cock at the entrance to her pussy.  Slowly
he began entering her, pausing every inch or so to savor the feeling and to
watch Beverly's reactions.  Her eyes were wide open and so was her mouth.  "Do
it!" she yelled.  He did it, pushing his monstrous cock all the way in her and
then beginning to fuck her with a practiced rhythm.  Beverly picked up his
rhythm, locked her feet behind his butt and pumped for all she was worth.  It
didn't take long for Beverly to have an enormous orgasm, at which time Frank
paused a moment before pounding away furiously for another half hour.  He
finally froze and came deep inside her, filing her with cum.

      Beverly held on for dear life, saying, "Give it all to me.  No one has
ever been that deep in me.  Only you, Frank.  That part of me belongs only to
YOU!"  Then he withdrew, got up from the bed, and told Mary that it was her
turn.  The tree of them left the room.  We were alone, and I knew what was
coming next.

      "Come on, Jack.  You know what I love."  I got on the bed with my face
between her legs, looking at the gaping hole of her cunt with Frank's cum
oozing out.  I began licking her.  I had become used to sucking Beverly after
her lovers finished making lover to her.  But this was a somewhat different
experience.  "Sharing" was what she called it.  "Don't miss a drop," she said.
When I finished, we kissed, enjoying our traditional sharing of the juices.

      Since that evening we have limited our swinging exclusively to Black men.
We have learned that there are many, many white couples who do the same.  And
quite a few Black studs who "specialize" in white married women.  White men
don't do it for Beverly anymore, including me.  Jim was right.  And after
watching her with some of her lovers, I'm surprised that there aren't more
white women seeking out Black men.

      We now belong to an informal network of white couples whose wives have
Black lovers.  There are about fifty couples in it, but it's growing every day
as more and more people are learning about how great it is.  I've put adds in
swing magazines specifically for Black men with large cocks to fuck my wife.
After I check that they are her type, i.e., have a cock larger than 9 inches, I
introduce them to my wife.  At least once a week Beverly will invite a Black
man over.  I know whenever this happens, because she calls me at work and says,
"Guess who's coming to dinner."

      We recommend it to everyone interested in the best sexual experience a
woman can have.

