							Met on the Bus

by	Matthew
	73517,332


It was hot yesterday. Today, things have cooled down, but yesterday
was very, very hot.  Boston has been having a typical Boston summer
heat wave since last Tuesday, the kind that makes you want to sit
dead still on the sofa with an endless glass of iced-tea in your
hand.  There is no air conditioning in my house, which I share with
three other people, and my bedroom is on the third floor, so as hot
as it is outside, it is at least ten degrees hotter upstairs.

One of my housemates, who is also on the third floor, has had her new
boyfriend over almost every other night for the past few months.  I
cannot count how many times I have listened to them making love (both
my door and her's are the flimsy, hollow-core type).  She makes more
noise than he does. She starts with a sort of whiney sound, light and
infrequent (I imagine that he is licking her nipples), and then
changes to "Mmmmmmmm" (I picture him licking her pussy) with
occasional, sudden gasps (when he licks her clit).  Sometimes I hear
him suddenly draw a breath (is she taking his cock in her mouth?). At
some point I hear the bed start to rock and I know they are fucking. 
She is wet, he is hard, and he is inside of her, filling her up (I
don't know who is on top, but I have often thought of trying to look
through the keyhole in her door to find out.  I never have, though). 
She breathes hard and fast.  "oh ... oh ... uh .. " - she is starting
to come - "Uh .. Uh .. UhUhUh UHHHHH!"  The bed is moving faster, and
then I hear him. One loud, gutteral grunt, and the sounds, more or
less, stop.  

But for the past several nights they have not made love.  It has been
too hot.

I went to the mall yesterday, mostly to be somewhere where there was
air-conditioning.  Got on a nice, air-conditioned bus in the morning
and by the time we arrived at the mall it was abundantly clear that I
was not the only one trying to escape the heat in this way.  The
place was packed with people who, like me, were wearing far too
little to be able to stand the overly-airconditioned atmosphere. 
After an hour, I went back to the bus stop, ready to head home.

The bus that picked me up was crowded, with just a handful of empty
seats left in the back. There was no air-conditioning.  It was either
broken, or simply not installed (you can never tell on these buses).
Having to stand on a bus packed with people when it's a zillion
degrees outside is not one of life's finer pleasures, and I was glad
that I didn't have to.

The bus stops to let on more passengers.  A woman sits down to my
left.  She is wearing a white t-shirt and cutoffs, with white
sneakers - no socks. Someone sits down to her left and she shifts
closer to me.  I can feel her bare arm against mine, her knee
touching my knee.  It is hot, but I cannot move away because there is
another person sitting to my right.  The bus ambles down the street. 

Further down the road now, there are fewer passengers.  The person to
her left has gotten off the bus, and though she could have moved over
a seat, she hasn't.  She hasn't moved at all.  She is still pressed
up against my side, and I am conscious of the perspiration that has
formed where her arm and mine meet, in the crook of my elbow, and at
the back of my knee.  I look up at her - tiny beads of perspiration
hang above her upper lip.  She turns her head slightly towards me and
then looks down.  I feel the back of her hand brush mine and I am
instantly hard.  The chemicals pour into my bloodstream and my heart
beats faster and my stomach knots up in that achey way it does when I
want someone and Oh my God what's going on here?

It is my stop, and when I get up, she does too.  I get off the bus
and so does she.  We walk up the block in tandem, just lightly
brushing against one another as we walk.  I turn into my front walk
and she turns with me.  We go to the front door.  There are no cars
in the driveway - no one else is home.  We are standing on the front
steps, just staring at each other, and I can hear my heart beating.  I
somehow manage to find my keys, open the front door, and we are
inside.  Up the stairs, two flights, to my bedroom, a blast furnace
at this time of the day.

We stand facing one another for a bit, and I wonder if she is as
nervous as I am, and if she is as wet as I am hard.  I can smell both
of us, that pungent smell of sex.  She moves her hand to my shoulder
and steps to me and then we are kissing.  Gently.  Gently.  We are
pressed together and her hands have found their way into my shirt and
are running up and down my back.  I reach around her ass and work a
few fingers up the inside of her shorts and I feel her panties.  They
are soaked.  I stroke her there for a while and she goes "Mmmmmmm".
Soon she is grinding her hips against me, squeezing my ass.

We back away from each other.  It is so very hot.  Both of our
t-shirts are soaked, and I can see her nipples through her's.  She
pulls her shirt off and sits on the edge of my bed.  She has a small
tatoo of a rose on her left breast.  I kneel down and untie her
sneakers, slipping one off, and then the other.  I raise her bare
foot to my mouth, take in her big toe, and suck.  She lies back on
the bed while I kiss and suck her toes.  She is rubbing her crotch
through her shorts.  I start up her leg, one inch at a time, kissing,
licking, and nibbling.  She has undone her belt and pants, lifts her
hips and slides out of both her shorts and panties.  She is naked
now, sitting up on my bed, her feet on the floor.  I can see how open
she is, how wet.

She stands and unfastens my shorts.  I pull my shirt over my head and
step out of my sandals.  She kneels and pulls down my pants and
underwear.  Now I am naked, too.

I hear the downstairs door open and then close.  Someone has come
home.

She stands again and walks around behind me.  I can feel her breasts
press against my back.  She wraps her arms around around me and takes
hold of my cock.  Her left hand squeezes tightly around the base
while her right strokes up and down.  I close my eyes and she moves
one hand to my nipple.  There is a wire connected directly from my
nipple right to my penis, and she just plugged it in.  I gasp.

Footsteps.  My housemate is coming up the stairs.  I hear her open
the door to her room.

We sink to the floor now, and she gently pushes me on my back.  She
is kneeling above my head, straddling my face.  She lowers her pussy
to my mouth and I bring my tongue to her.  Her hips move in tiny
circles above me, slow and easy.  Her breathing matches her motions. 
Gradually the circles become a back-and-forth motion, harder now, much
more deliberate, fucking my mouth with her clit. She grinds her pussy
onto my face and I feel our juices - sweat, saliva, and her wetness -
trickling down my face past my ears.  She is breathing harder now,
fast and uneven.  I push two fingers into her pussy. Somehow she
opens herself wider to me and she is ramming herself so hard
against me it almost hurts.  Then she freezes, absolutely stark still
for just a moment, and the explosion hits.  She cries out, once,
loudly, and then she comes and comes and comes, grinding her crotch
against me over and over, drawing great breaths and pushing them out.
More wetness runs down my fingers and my face.

A minute goes by, maybe two.  She rolls off of me and lies on her
back, on the floor beside me, her eyes closed.  She runs her hand
down her chest, from her neck to her crotch.  Her nipples are hard.  I
turn on my side and play with her pubic hair.

There is a small gap under the door to my bedroom, maybe a half an
inch.  I can see through it.  I see a pair of feet.

Another minute goes by.  She rolls towards me and my cock pokes into
her belly.  She grabs it, and starts sucking my nipples, first one
and then the other.  She is gentle at first, but then she sucks and
pulls harder, nipping with her teeth now and then.  Again, she has
found the electrical cord to my body.  I feel the the zap! down to my
groin and she squeezes my cock harder.  I watch her head work it's
way down my chest.  Her bare back shines and her earrings sparkle in
the afternoon sunlight that comes through the window. I see a few
freckles here and there, a small mole and Oh! she is licking the tip
of my cock.  Running her tongue around the top, sometimes pushing her
lips over it, and then slowly moving them away. The tips of her
fingers touch my balls, and then move up to the shaft again, closing
around it, while she licks and sucks.  I push my hips up at her but
she moves with me and stays only on the tip.  I want to scream.

She shifts and is suddenly above me again.  She is straddling my
hips, lowering herself onto me.  For the longest time she sits above
me, my cock at the entrance to her pussy.  She moves down just a bit
and the tip of my cock disappears into her.  I hear myself gasp.  She
moves up again and then down, just an inch.  She is obviously
enjoying herself; she knows she is making me crazy.  She plays this
game, fucking just the tip of my cock, for a a few minutes (or a
couple of hours - I couldn't tell) and then quickly lowers herself
all the way down and I am fully inside of her now.

Neither one of us moves.  I watch two drops of sweat slowly trickle
down her chest between her breasts.  Eventually one slips inside of
her belly-button; the other keeps going and gets lost in our pubic
hairs.  She reaches out and touches my face.  I see that she is
wearing a wedding ring.

We stay like this, absolutely still, for a long time.  My cock, my
head, my chest - they all feel like they're ready to burst.  Finally
she begins to move.  She plays me like a favorite musical instrument.
She knows exactly when to change the tempo, what rhythms to pick, how
hard or soft to press or pull or squeeze. She brings me to the edge
of orgasm over and over; my face tingles because I am breathing too
hard and too fast.  There are sounds in the room - some are her's and
some are mine - I feel them coming up out of my throat, raw and rude.
She moves faster, up and down, I can hear my cock slipping in and out
of her.  She leans forward and takes one of my nipples in her mouth. 
I can feel it coming and I hear myself begging her not to stop.  My
orgasm begins, like an injection of boiling water at the base of my
spine near my tailbone.  It shoots through my abdomen and down to my
balls.  She grabs my other other nipple and I burst.  I can feel my
semen, sharp as a knife, as it shoots through my cock and into her. 
The spasms just keep coming and coming, and just when I seems as if
they will subside, she moves somehow and a whole new wave rips
through me.

When I am able to open my eyes again, she is above me, smiling.  She
slowly gets up - as my cock slides out of her pussy, I come
again, just a little bit.  We are both surprised.

She puts her t-shirt on, steps in to her underpants and then her
shorts. I pull on a pair of shorts.  A short hug, and a long, wet
kiss.  She sits down and puts on her sneakers, then walks to my door
and opens it.  My housemate's door is closed.  I follow her down the
stairs to the front door.  I open it.  She turns to me, lightly
kisses my nipples.  It is very funny, somehow, and we both laugh. One
more short hug and she is out the door, walking back to the street.

In the evening, as I am getting ready for bed, I hear familiar,
breathy sounds, sighs, coming from my housemate's room.  I look out
the window of my bedroom into the driveway.  Her boyfriend's car is
not there.  She is by herself tonight.

