Archive-name: 3plus/hotbabes.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Hotel, The


     All week in Washington the meetings lasted til the wee hours of the
morning. And they started up again at eight. Sheer torture. And finally on the
last day of this blasted convention, they let us go back to the hotel "early",
9 PM, so we can call the airlines and tell them we missed our 4 PM flight
home, and to book us for another, about noon on Saturday.

     Rushing back to my room, I put my suit on and rushed up to the 38th floor
pool. Hoping to have a nice relaxing swim before hitting the sack.  However
the twins on the elevator had different ideas.  As soon as the elevator doors
closed, Missy took her robe off and asked if I thought she had a "cute"
figure. Her braces and cute pixey haircut said she was about thirteen, but her
body said more like sixteen or seventeen. The white halter top covered her
budding breasts quite well, but the lights were so bright, that I saw the
pinkness of her nipples, begging to be kissed. Her waist was ever so thin,
flaring into the best looking pair of legs I could ever remember. Her bikini
was one of those with sort of a belt of material around her hips, and was
adjustable, sort of like curtains, so she could adjust how much of her bare
little bottom was in view.  Just as she turned her bottom towards me, her
fingers reached behind her, I supposed, to cover up more of her behind. My
cock almost tore a hole in my own trunks as instead, she revealed as much of
her bare behind as the bikini would allow.

     He legs had a deep tan, which stopped abruptly at the crack that
separated her legs from her behind, which was pure virgin white. Then she
backed into me, rubbing most of her bare bottom on my legs, and at the same
time I could look down her top and see that her milky white breasts were just
as smooth and cuddly as was her bare behind.

     Just then, the elevator began to slow down, and quick as a flash, Missy
had her robe back on, and the three of us walked onto the deck of the pool.
The lone teenage lifeguard looked at us and assuming, the girls were my
daughters, said, "Officially the pool is closed, but if you Sir, promise to
keep your eye on the girls, I'll lock the doors and you can swim as long as
you like. Just turn off the lights when you leave, and keep an eye on the
girls."

     With a click of the lock he was gone. And there I was alone with twin
virgin princesses. Missy announced that since she was 20 minutes older, it
would be her "turn" first. Turn? Turn for what, I wondered. I did not have to
wonder long.  Krissy quitely let her robe slip to the deck by the diving
board, and revealed that her sun kissed figure was every bit as sexy as her
twin's. Krissy dove in the pool, and after what seemed like forever, came to
the surface just a few feet from where I was standing.

     "I think we better call him, 'Daddy', in case that lifeguard comes back.
Is that ok with you, Daddy?", asked Krissy.  "I suppose", I replied, "but what
are your names?"

     "I'm Missy", responded the dry twin, "and my sister's name is Krissy. We
are members of the Olympic Diving Team, and are eighteen and a half." Well I
knew better, but if they were only sixteen, that was good enough, because
we were in Maryland, and in Maryland a sixteen year old is old enough to do,
whatever she wants to.  Then Krissy called out, "Daddy!  Will you help me?
When I dove in, I lost the bottom of my suit!" Quickly I dove in and swam up
to the nearly naked twin, I put my left hand next to hers on the lip of the
pool, and my right hand around her bare waist and felt down to her soft round
naked behind.  "You certainly did lose your suit", I replied.  And then Krissy
wrapped both of her legs around me and begged, "Please don't spank me Daddy, I
didn't mean to lose it." The look of dispair in her eyes and the tears in her
eyes were genuine. Meanwhile my hand was doing a lot of cuddling and
caressing, and had found it way between her bottom cheeks to her almost
hairless pussy. "Oh Daddy!", Krissy squealed in delight as I stroked her most
secret parts.

     Figuring out the game they were playing, I decided to join in. "Out of
the water", I ordered in a gruff voice. Krissy swam over to the ladder and
climbed out. My cock felt like it grew to about eight feet long as I watched
her climb out of the pool.  I remember getting turned on as a teenager,
watching girls climb out of a pool, with their suits on, seeing a bare
bottomed little thirteen year old was too much. She faced me and put her hands
in front of her pussy, to conceal her shame as I got out of the pool. I
noticed she was blushing, all over, but a sheepish little grin told me she was
in heaven!

     "That's not fair", interupted Missy. "I said it was my turn first!"
"If you interfere with your sister's spanking, young lady, I'll paddle your
bare bottom next", I scolded in a playful voice.  Then I dove into the pool,
retrived Krissy's bikini bottom, and ordered both girls into the sauna. The
sauna had been off for quite some time, but it was still toasty warm. I took
Krissy over my knee, and positioned her so that my cock was rubbing her bare
hairless pussy. Then I unhooked the top of her suit, and reaching around her,
began to feverishly caress her bare breasts. Someone had left some baby oil in
the sauna, and I squirted some on Krissy's round, squirmming bare behind. With
my right hand caressing her bare breasts, my left hand began with her naughty
little bottom.

     I ran my middle finger, up and down the crack of her bare butt, and
everytime I touched her near her pussy she moaned with pleasure. Finally I
began to try to insert my finger between her lips, into her love canal, which
by now was dripping with lots of home made honey. Just as my middle finger
inched its way in, Krissy exploded. I moved my right hand from her beasts to
hold her little bare bottom, and try to keep her bottom from bouncing off the
cealing of the sauna.  A minute later as her climax began to become more
controlable, I inserted my well oiled thumb into her bare butt, and Krissy
exploded in my arms for a second time.

     Meanwhile Missy has been doing a little striptease for me and is trying,
in vain to get my attention. Now that Krissy is too exhausted to move, I
picked her up, and laid her down next to me, when she surprises me by asked,
"Please hurry up and spank me, I can't stand the suspense!" Then she crawled
over my lap, and I put my finger back in her hairless pussy, my thumb back in
her the hole of her bare round bottom, and began to spank and alternately
caress, her cute little butt, with my other hand.  Seconds latter Krissy
begins squirming again, and in no time is having her third violent orgasm.

     Finally finished with Krissy, I notice that Missy is now lying on her
tummy, fingering her bare little pussy, working herself up into quite a little
frenzy. So I quitely sneak up on her, and began to caress and fondle that cute
little bare bottom that I first became aquainted with on the elevator.

     After what seemed like fondling her forever, she rolled over in such a
way, that my left hand was between her legs, still caressing one of the
sexiest little bare bottoms in the world. My arm was continually being rubbed,
up and down, by the hottest, hairless and cutest little mound. Then she put
her arms around me and put one of her little pink nipples in my mouth. As I
began to suck, and my tounge began to caress her aeola, Missy finally exploded
in passion.

     Whereas Krissy had three distinct, violent, passionate orgasms. Missy's
came in wave after wave after sensual wave. An hour or so later, the three of
us came out of that sauna, totally exhausted and totally satisfied, except for
one cock that felt like it was about nine feet long, and hard as Gibralter.

     As I stood at the edge of the pool, almost in a trance of pleasure, I
noticed that both girls had their suits back on. Then Missy backed into me
with her almost bare behind and wiggled against me a little.

     As we headed back to my room, we passed one door that was partially open
and I happened to see a very pretty woman inside as a man who looked like an
evangelist preacher began to close the door saying, "Oh dear, Jessica.  I
forgot the wafers, but I did bring the wine..."  Hmmm...  Puzzling.

     When we got to my room, Missy wasted no time...  She practically tackled
me onto the bed and stipped off my bathing suit.  My cock stood totally
upright.  Missy gasped at its size.  Krissy came over, knelt on the side of
the bed and said, "Oh, that's just too much for one girl, Missy...let's
share."

     With that, Krissy wordlessly took the head into her mouth and began to
suck passionately on my cock as Missy began licking my balls.  I could tell
that Krissy was quite experienced at what she was doing by the way she took my
cock into her throat and made smooth rhythms...  She pumped the shaft as her
tongue swirled around the head.  Missy continued to suck my balls...occassion-
ally letting her tongue roam on the shaft of my bulging cock.  Then, suddenly,
both of them stopped and withdrew their mouths from my cock.

     Krissy crept over to the side of the bed.  Drew up on her hands and knees
as I sat up and whispered "Fuck me, daddy..."  I could resist no longer.  I
knelt behind her, about to enter her young cunt when Missy suddenly grabbed my
shaft and guided me towards Krissy's tight ass.

     As my cock touched her tight hole, Krissy let out a moan and I thrust my
rod inside her.  She bit her lip to keep from crying out as my entire 8 inches
dove into her.  She was tighter than I had imagined.  Her inner muscles
gripped my throbbing rod so tight I was sure I would come any second.  Krissy
then laid down flat on her stomach...  I straddled her and began to thrust
deeply within her.  My cock slid in and out quite easily, in spite of her
tightness.  I thrust deeper and harder with each stroke.  Krissy cried out in
ecstacy as my strokes quickened.  I came in a blinding thunderclap.

     As I collapsed on my back, both Krissy and Missy snuggled up on opposite
sides of me...  Missy pulled the sheets over us and we all fell into a deep
sleep.

     The next morning I awoke and they were both gone...  I glanced at my
watch and saw that it was 10:30 in the morning.  I assembled all of my
belongings and dashed for the airport.  There I saw a fellow colleague and we
stopped to chat a bit while waiting for the plane to board.

     "God, these conventions are hell on a body, aren't they?" remarked my
colleague.

     "It's a hard life, but I bear with it..."  I remarked with a wry smile.


--
