Archive-name: 3plus/hotcabin.txt
Archive-author: J. Boswell
Archive-title: Oh, What a Trip!


     Thirty years ago, my Daddy died and left me with a ratty, old dump
truck and a pile of debts.  I quit high school and worked hard and have
built a fleet of over 35 trucks and, finally, live a very good life.
     My wife, Patty, and I have been married for 10 years.  She was a
virgin when I married her, and, as far as I know, she has never messed
around on me.  It has only been in the last few years that I could afford
the time and money to take nice vacations.  We've done Disney World and the
islands and a cruise or two, but my favorite get-away is to a mountain
fishing cabin, right here in North Carolina.
     On our last trip there, we had a relaxing, but uneventful time, until
the day before we were scheduled to leave.  Early that morning, four young
guys showed up.  It was easy to see from their sweatshirts and car decals
that they were from the college for the rich and the smart down state. 
They were loud and boisterous as they unloaded the beer and booze from
their car.  A bunch of spoiled, rich Yankees.
     Well, after these guys see my wife, it wasn't long at all before one
of them comes jogging over to our cabin, wanting to know how the fishing
was.  I chuckled, because I didn't see any of them unpacking any fishing
gear.  The kid, Doug, definitely can't get his fill of looking at Patty.
     At 27 and 5'5", 115 pounds, she is a stunner.  Blonde and blue-eyed
with a 37-24-35 body, she is a lot to look at.
     Anyway, after a half-hour of small talk, and watching him almost
drool, Doug asks us if we'd like to party with them that evening.  I told
him that we were leaving the next day, so we had some packing to do and I
had to get the car ready.  He said he understood, and then asked if we'd
mind if he stopped over with something "special."  
     I said, "Sure.  Stop by."
     Now, I could tell Patty was turned on by Doug, and when I realized
that, all sorts of thoughts went through my head.  Doug was good looking in
that preppie sort of way, and he was certainly closer to Patty's age than I
was at 46.  
     As we walked down to the lake together, I started to tease Patty, "You
looked like you'd really like to fuck that boy, Sweetheart."
     Patty stopped and looked right at me, "Jimmy, you are right.  I can't
explain it, and I won't do it, because I love you, but I really would like
to fuck that boy!"
     We started talking, and I mentioned that I always liked the way other
men looked at her, and had even sometimes pictured her screwing some other
guy while I watched.  Patty said she could never do it with me right there
in the room with the two of them.
     I shrugged my shoulders a little while later and said, "Well, let's
just wait and see what develops, tonight.  Whatever happens, happens and we
go home together, still lovin' each other.  OK?"
     Patty drew close, into my hug and looked up at me, "Sure, Jimmy.  I'll
always love you."
     When Doug tapped on the door that afternoon, he was carrying a pitcher
of some fancy drink and a bottle of Jack Black.  He and Patty tore into the
pitcher and I sipped at my mash, watching them kid and flirt like two
teenagers.  Finally making my decision, I stood up and told the two of them
I had to drive into town and get the car gassed-up and checked-out for the
trip home.  Patty barely waved as I stepped out the door.
     I drove my car down the mountain a little bit and walked back up to
the cabin, from the rear - just in time to see Doug's three friends walking
up to our cabin.  I went up to a window and peeked in.  
     Doug was kissing Patty and feeling her tits through her shirt.  The
other guys were on the sofa, drinking, watching, and clowning around.
     Then one of the other guys dropped to his knees in front of Patty, and
began to lick and feel her thighs.  Patty started to push them all away
from her and I almost ran around to the front to bust in the door.  But she
started laughing and I waited.  Patty had to know I was watching, and I was
sure she would let me know in no uncertain terms that she wanted out.
     By now, the other two guys had stripped off their clothes and one of
them had the biggest damned dick I had ever seen.  It had to be 10 inches
long!  He stepped in front of my wife and pulled her head to his cock and
told her to suck it, which she did.  The other guys finished undressing and
undressed Patty as she was sucking the big guy.  Now, all 5 of them were
buck naked.
     The guy she was sucking started to cum in her mouth and I could see
his cum running out of her mouth and down her chin as she tried to swallow
it all.  Then the same guy pushed Patty back on the sofa and got between
her legs.  he was still hard, and he started to fuck her.  Two seconds
later, Doug pushes his meat into my wife's mouth.
     After those two came, they all moved into the bedroom, and I changed
windows to keep watching.  For the next two hours, I watched Patty fuck and
suck and jerk off all four guys, time and time again.  One time, Doug was
on his back with Patty lowering herself on his cock.  Another guy knelt on
the bed and Patty lowered her mouth down onto his erection and the guy with
the huge cock slapped spit on his dick and started shoving it up her ass! 
It was really slow going, so she asked him to wait until the other two were
finished, then the other three guys stood there, getting hard again, as
they watched that monster cock fucking my wife's virgin asshole!
     I guess the guys finally fucked themselves out and started worrying
about me coming back, because they started to get dressed.  Patty stood in
front of the door and laughingly told them they couldn't leave, yet.  She
knelt on some pillows and sucked all 4 of them off, again, before they
left!
     Patty walked into the shower and I walked down to get the car, finding
it hard to believe I just saw what I did.  When I got back, Patty was
almost asleep, but when I saw all the little "love marks" on her body, I
got the hardest boner of my life and added my cum to Patty's filled cunt.
     On the way home we talked about what happened and I assured Patty I
was more turned-on than jealous.  I told her I had never ever seen her as
such a sexual creature, before, and it was a real revelation.  Patty said
she wasn't sure if I was watching or not and after a while didn't care, but
she had enjoyed every minute of it and couldn't believe her own energy. 
And she especially liked how the young guys could get hard over and over
again.
     I asked Patty if she ever wanted to do anything like that, again.  She
said only if I did.  I smiled and said I probably would like to watch
again.  "Maybe next vacation."
     Patty laughed and said I might not have to wait that long.  Doug had
given her his phone number and invited her down to his Fraternity House for
a weekend!  
     Well, Patty always DID want to go to college!

--
