Archive-name: 3plus/hotel2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Hotel of Thrills

 
     A short time ago, my girlfriend and I took a trip to Chicago, and we
stayed in a high rise hotel building.  We were on the seventh floor, and
we had a nice room, with a single, large bed.  The view wasn't much,
mostly some other high rises in the area, and we'd planned on visiting
some friends near Elmhurst anyhow.  We called them up and drove out.  We
had dinner with them, and I remarked at how the kids had grown. The last
time I'd seen the kids, the oldest, Bridgette was 10, and now she was
almost 18. Time flies and you don't realize it.  Bridgette was very
pretty, and she apparently had enough boyfriends that "dad" kept his
shotgun well oiled and ready.   
     We left, a little later that we'd planned, and drove back to our
hotel for the night. We found the room warm after the chilly evening, but
Allison decided she needed a shower. I dimmed the lights and undressed,
leaving the drapes partially open so I could look a the city's night-
lights.  Ali shut off the water and asked me if I were already in bed. I
told her I was, and that the drapes were partially open so we could see
the city.  
     Ali came out with her long, chestnut hair combed straight, down to
the middle of her back.  Her lithe form was silhouetted in the bathroom
door briefly, and I could see the curves formed by her full, taut breasts.
She looked lovely and inviting.  
     Snapping off the bathroom light, she walked over towards the bed,
looking out the window.  Suddenly she stopped. "What is it?" I asked her,
and Ali motioned for me to come look.  I slid out of bed, as naked as she.
Ali had to point out the window to me.  
     There in the other window were two couples, coupling.  They were in
an office, with the lights on and the drapes wide open.  They were on the
sixth floor, just below us, so we could easily see the whole room.  One
man was taking his woman from behind, holding her hips and driving hard
against her bottom.  She, in turn, was sucking the nipple of the other
woman, who was lying on a couch with her legs around her man.  I could
feel myself begin to harden at the sight of "live" sex.  I heard Ali
breathe deeply too.  
     "Not bad. A hotel room with live entertainment." I said softly,
running my hand down her back to cup her delicate little behind.  
     "That's so hot!" She said. "It's not like a dirty movie where every-
thing is staged. This is REAL!" 
     I looked at her nipples and saw them standing up hard and ready.
"Would you watch and describe everything while I eat you?" I asked. 
     Ali nodded, and I sat on the floor in front of her. She used a nearby
chair to support herself and spread her legs.  My tongue found her already
moist pussy, and looking up, I could see her playing with her right
nipple. As I licked her pussy, she seemed to become mesmerized by the
sight of the foursome. 
     "What are they doing?" I asked, reminding her of her agreement.
     "Same as before." Ali said. "That blonde girl is sucking the
brunette's nipples." 
     I licked her pussy, tasting her creamy wetness. I slipped a finger
into her pussy and heard her groan and felt her tighten around it. Using
my free hand, I caressed, squeezed, and fondled her ass.  
     "The brunette and the blonde are kissing now." Ali said. "God that's
hot!" 
     "Whafs hof?" I mumbled into her muff.
     "Watching them kiss." She said. "The blonde's pulling the other
lady's nipples really hard."  
     Ali's pussy was sopping wet, soaking my face with her cream. I'd
never known her to get this wet, not even watching very hot dirty movies
back home. In the dim light, I looked up to see her tugging on her own
nipple very hard, pulling her breast out of shape.  
     "Oooh, yeah!" Ali said. "The brunette just started sucking the blonde
girl's tits." 
     I had a raging hard-on, and I really wanted to watch too, but I
wanted Ali to get off on the scene too. I stuck my tongue inside her, and
felt her thick cream warm it. 
     "Ohh, that's good, lick me like that." Ali said softly.
     My hands now spread her ass open and squeezed her cheeks. I worked my
way, slowly, back towards her clit.  
     "They're changing positions." Ali said. "Oh, this'll be good!"
     I had to ask twice, the second time I tickled her tummy to get her to
tell me what was happening. Once she started describing, I caressed her
thighs and calves with my hands. 
     "The blonde's on her hands and knees." Ali said. "She's going to suck
off one guy, while she fucks the other." A slight pause. "Ohh, God."  I
could feel her pussy spasm against my face, and wondered what she was
seeing. "The brunette is laying down and sucking the blonde's pussy. The
blonde has big tits and she's playing with them too." 
     I was getting really hard and ready to fuck Ali hard and fast
listening to her describe the mini-orgy in the office building. Her pussy
cream was flowing into my mouth, and I could feel my chin was slippery wet
with her juices.  Ali was rocking her hips back and forth slightly, and I
was making wet, slurping noises. 
     "Ohh, get up! You'll want to see this!!" Ali said, pulling on my
hair. 
     I got up in a hurry, and she grabbed my stiff cock and squeezed it
before she began an easy stroking. The blonde was still getting fucked
from behind, but the other man was jacking off hard and fast.  The man
behind her had pulled her hair back and made her sit up.  The brunette
still sucked on her pussy.  We couldn't see it well, but it was obvious
when the man came all over the blonde's tits, then shoved his cock into
her mouth. The blonde sucked on him like she was starving for it.  
     Without saying anything, Ali knelt down and began sucking me off, and
I began describing the scene.  
     "The guy who came is sitting back and watching now." I said. "The
blonde is back on all fours." 
     Ali raked her nails lightly over my ass, between my legs, and over my
low hanging balls. Then she licked around each, treating them like a
succulent treat. It was all I could do to find words to describe the now
threesome in the other window.  
     "They're moving again." I said, watching the blonde stand up. "Oh,
this'll be interesting." I waited for Ali to urge me on. I felt her bite
down, gently on my cock. Actually, it felt more erotic than dangerous.   
     "The blonde is kneeling over the brunette's face and letting her suck
her pussy. Blondie's holding the girl's legs back and wide so she's half
upside down and the guy is going to fuck her like that."  
     I felt Ali's mouth suck me deep, taking almost all eight inches. She
was really hot, as she can seldom do that.  Looking down, I could see her
arm and shoulder moving rapidly, and I knew she was fingering her pussy. 
     Over in the office, the guy was half-standing and ramming his cock
into the brunette while she sucked the blonde's cunt. I described the
scene about the same way to Ali. I watched some more.  
     "The blonde must be getting ready to cum." I said. She's humping the
girl's mouth so hard her big tits are flopping around." Ali moaned around
my cock. "Yep, she's starting to cum, she's thrown her head back and she's
rocking her cunt all over the brunette's face." Pause for a second. "You
want to watch the brunette cum?" I asked. 
     Ali got up and turned around. I took her hands and placed them on the
window sill, bending her over slightly. "Watch them." I said. I put the
head of my cock against Ali's sopped cunt, and began to push. Ali thrust
back and her cunt swallowed my cock completely. We both moaned. 
     The brunette was trying to fuck back at the cock inside her, but she
had no leverage. She was thrashing about, with the blonde still holding
her legs, but now half standing so the dark haired girl could toss her
head.  
     I grabbed Allison's ass from behind and began to fuck her, quickly
gaining speed. Her cunt was sopping wet, slippery, and warm. She was
fucking me back, pushing her ass back against me until our bodies met in a
rough collision. I wanted to cum inside of her just after she saw the
strangers across the way finish.  
     The man was getting close, and suddenly he stopped and shoved his
cock deep inside the brunette's cunt. His head went back and his mouth
opened, and we could see him shudder.  The brunette looked like she was in
pain from her expression, until a warm smile came over her face.  
     "Ohhh, God, make me cum like that too!" Ali crooned. "Cum in me."
     I was so very close already, and now she was begging me to cum and
make her cum too. I was concentrating on her body, her sexy back in the
dim light, her swaying breasts, her flared, shapely ass against my crotch.
Then I heard her voice. 
     "Ohhh God, yes! Doit! Doit! Suckit good!" Ali moaned.
     I looked and saw the blonde had moved forward, holding the brunette
in place with her cunt up in the air.  The blonde was sitting almost on
the girl's face, and while the man, who had pulled out, spread the girl's
cunt, the blonde was licking and sucking her friend.  
     Ali's cunt spasmed, once, twice, and again. She moaned, and started
to shake. "I'll fill your cunt for her to suck." I breathed to Ali from
behind. 
     "Ohhhhnnnnnnggg!" Ali moaned.
     Her cunt tightened like a vise on my cock and she pressed back hard.
I reached around her and cupped her tits, pulling on her hard nipples. My
hips were moving on automatic, rocking up and down. Ali was making small
noises, and leaning into me, when I felt a thick, viscous cream surging
through my throbbing cock.  
     My hot sperm shot deep into her sopped cunt, and she jerked when she
felt it. "YES CUM IN ME. CUM NOW!" Ali said loudly. Another jolt shook us
both, as another hot stream flooded into her creamy wet tunnel. Ali moaned
again and I felt her cunt muscles sucking the cum out of me. I spurted
more thick cum inside her, trying to fill her tight box with my jism,
trying to make her overflow.  The spurts continued, shooting less and less
until I was spent and holding Allison with my arms around her chest. 
     We looked out at the office to see two couples laying on the couch,
laughing and making animated discussion. I kissed Ali's neck and ran my
hands down her front lightly. She in turn, squeezed my cock with her pussy
and ran her nails down my hips and thighs.  
     "Thank you." She said. "That was great."
     I kissed her and nuzzled her neck. "I'm glad you enjoyed that. I know
I did." 
     She started to chuckle, and between my softening shaft, her wetness,
and our standing position, the inevitable effect of gravity took it's
toll. 
I slipped out.   
     "Ohh! Jeeezzusss!" Ali moaned, and then started to tremble. She came
all over again!  I scooped her up and placed her on the bed to relax. She
looked up at me, wide eyed. "That was incredible!"  She explained that
she'd felt my cum running out of her, and then realized that I'd cum a
LOT. That was enough to make her cum all over again!  I slid my hand up
her thigh and found the insides of her thighs were soaking wet with our
mixed juices.  I knew that I came a lot tonight, but not that much! 
     Allison went back to the bathroom to clean up and I looked out the
window again.  The foursome still lounged naked, talking about something
that had them making gestures I couldn't fathom.  The blonde was toying
with her pussy, quite unabashedly.  
     Allison returned and looked for a few moments. "That blonde's really
hot isn't she?" Ali asked. 
     "Hmmm, but her tits are too big if you ask me." I said. "But I like
her enthusiasm."  
     Ali gave me a short hug, and we slid into bed, holding each other
close and enjoying our quiet time.  She dozed off shortly followed by me. 
     Something woke me about two hours later, most likely the urge to make
a nature call.  I slid quietly out of bed and paused by the window. The
lights were still on, but no sign of our foursome.  I stubbed my toe on a
chair, and swore quietly to avoid waking Allison.  I closed the bathroom
door, and found the light, blinking at the harshness of it. After using
the bathroom, I turned out the light, stepped into the room and saw --
nothing. 
Night blind. My toe reminded me of errant chairs. I left the door open an
inch or so and turned on the light, making a soft night light, and making
the previously sworn at chair visible.  I passed by the window again, and
looked over at the office.  I stopped and watched.  
     The office now had the blonde, one of the men, and a redhead inside,
all of them undressing. I leaned on the table, jerking at the cold touch.
The redhead quickly undressed and began licking the large tits of the
blonde. After a moment, she looked at the man and said something. My mind
imagined her asking him if he'd cum on her tits earlier. They moved to the
couch and the redhead and blonde moved into a 69, while the man positioned
himself behind the redhead's succulent ass. My cock was hard again, and I
stroked it slowly, wondering how one gets a job in that office! 
     I watched the man fuck the redhead, and then feed his cock to the hot
blonde. I glanced around at the other lit windows, and saw only empty
offices. The trio continued, with the blonde and redhead swapping
positions and the man remaining in place to fuck the blonde. 
     Ali stirred, and I whispered "are you awake?".  She yawned and said
yes, then asked if they were still at it. "They've got a new girl in the
office," I said, "a hot little redhead." 
     Allison slipped out of bed and came to the window, her arms across
her chest to ward off the cold. She looked for a few minutes, blinking her
sleepy eyes.  
     The redhead and blonde got up, and Allison commented on how sexy the
redhead was, with her firm, tight body, pert tits and creamy white skin, I
agreed. The girls sat on the edge of a desk, and the guy took turns
fucking each of them. Their backs were to us, and the girls kissed.  Ali
put her hand on my stiff cock.  
     We were holding each other when the office door opened and the
brunette and other man walked in, fully dressed. The naked trio seemed to
be embarrassed, but quickly the newcomers undressed and joined the party.
With three girls and two guys, there was quite a lot of lesbian activity.
As the first man fucked the redhead, the blonde sucked the brunette's
pussy while she sucked on of the redhead's tits. The second man fucked the
blonde's cunt hard and fast.   
     Allison returned from the bathroom quickly, and she sat in a chair
next to me, sucking the head of my cock while she watched.  We watched
several different positions before I told Allison that I wanted her right
then.  She smiled and stood up, again resting her hands on the window
sill. This time, we were bolder, getting closer to the window.  I slid
easily into her wet pussy and began fucking her with easy, rhythmic
strokes. The redhead was sitting astride the blonde's face and getting
fucked. The brunette was eating the blonde and getting fucked. Everyone,
including us, was having a good time.  
     The brunette moved to get up, and then said something to the other
four. Everyone seemed to look our way for a moment, and I felt Allison get
tense. Then I realized that she hadn't shut the bathroom door fully, and
that they could see a silhouetted couple in the window across from them! I
told Ali to relax, and see what they did.  The fivesome waved and we waved
back, getting some smiles a laughs.  I reached around and squeezed
Allison's tits firmly. The redhead stuck out her tongue and squeezed her
own tits.   
     They resumed their carnal activities, only this time, watching us
too. Ali told me that she was afraid, and excited by being watched. I
soothed her by telling to imagine that they would each fantasize about
her, about us, for years to come.  There was some discussion going on
during their fucking, and it seemed to involve us.   
     Allison finally pulled away and told me to wait a moment. I was
afraid she'd decided to stop, but she instead turned on the room lights
and returned to the window.  The five people looked at us, and then
Allison made a big show of sucking my cock.  Once she had an audience,
Allison got hotter and bolder.  
     The fivesome began fucking even harder, with the blonde lying between
the redhead and brunette, with her legs spread and letting each of them
finger-fuck her while the men fucked them.  Allison moaned, and then told
me to get on top of the table and fuck her hard and fast.  The table was
one of those with four legs, one at each corner.  We climbed up on the
small table and I shoved deep into her drenched cunt. We both fucked each
other like mad dogs, watching the reaction of our audience.   
     They in turn got hot, and the blonde rubbed the redhead's pussy cream
on her tits. Both men were slowing down, as if prolonging it until we
came. I was holding back until they did.  
     The blonde stood up and said something, to which the others agreed.
The redhead seemed reluctant at first.  Both girls took the redhead's arms
and held them back, making her pert, round tits jut out.  The took her to
the window, holding her nipples against the glass.   
     To my surprise, Ali made a motion like reaching up and squeezing a
breast, and I wouldn't have been surprised if her tongue licked an
imaginary nipple.  This spurred our audience on.  
     The men began jerking off furiously, while the redhead had her arms
held behind her and sat on her heels. Allison was moaning.  
     "Watch those guys cum on her tits." I said. "And the blonde will lick
her sperm covered nipples."  
     Allison moaned again and her pussy gripped me tightly. We watched. I
was fucking her faster now, getting ready to cum when the men did. I hoped
I could time it a second or two after they came.  The first guy leaned
forward, and obviously shot his sperm on the redhead's tits, then rubbed
his cock on her face.  Allison rocked her hips wantonly, and moaned.  
     "He's gonna cum too." I said, seeing the other guy lean forward.
     He shoved his cock against her mouth and we could see her flinch. He
kept jerking, aiming at her tits.  Allison was just about to cum, and so
was I.  The girls pulled the redhead up to her feet, still holding her
arms back. The blonde put her hand between the redhead's legs from behind
and they moved her closer to the window.  
     Allison was moaning and rocking her hips furiously now, and I reached
down to rub her clit with my fingers. I found her bush soaked with her
juices and rubbed them over her flat belly.  
     The girls brought the redhead to the window, and then lifted her up,
pressing her against the window. Allison groaned and shook, then began to
shudder in her orgasm.  The redhead slid down several inches, then down to
her knees. We could see the cum on the window, smeared by her tits and
face as she slid down.   
     "Ohhhhh! Myyyieeee!" Ali whined.
     I groaned and yanked her ass back hard, sliding my hand around to cup
her clit and bush, the other hand squeezing her left tit hard.  Her cunt
spasmed, and I began cumming with thick, gushing spurts of sperm.  Over
and over I spurted into her, our bodied locked together.  Allison threw
her head back and moaned loudly, and I could feel my cock pressing against
the end of her tunnel.  
     My hot sperm swirled around my cock, filling her tight twat, and her
body shook along with mine.  After several long moments, we looked across
to the office, and saw the girls were rubbing the cum all over each other.
Allison reached down and rubbed some of the sperm that leaked from her
cunt on her tits, then licked her fingers.   
     Politely, the two men stood facing us and raised their hands,
clapping soundlessly. The girls joined in, standing up and clapping.  We
felt a little embarrassed.  I pulled out of Ali's cunt, and stepped off
the table, helping her down.  I suggested that we bow, so we did.  As a
"last word", so to speak, I reached down and wiped up some of the
overflowing cum from Allison's sopped cunt and rubbed it on her tits, then
on mine.  This got us some gestures of approval and a couple of "ok"
signs.  The redhead, pointed at Allison and then mimed holding Ali's legs
and sucking her pussy.  
     We bowed once more, and Allison put her hands alongside her head, to
show "sleep".  We got cheery waves from them, and we moved off towards the
bed. Once we turned out the lights and slipped into bed, sweaty and tired,
I realized we hadn't said much during the whole episode.  
     "I don't believe we just did that." Allison said. "Fucking in a
window for a bunch of sluts." 
     "Hmm, I think that redhead would love to suck your pussy right now."
I said. "Probably the other girls too." 
     "But you'd get jealous watching those guys fuck me wouldn't you?" She
asked, running her hand over my chest. 
     I admitted that I might, but that I would enjoy watching her with
another girl as hot as the redhead.  We finally decided that this was a
once in a lifetime incident, and that it would be a good fantasy for us
for a long time. 
 
     In the morning, at nine a.m., room service called and asked us if we
wanted breakfast. "Pretty pushy" I thought, then decided yes. I asked Ali
what she wanted, and ordered for both of us.  I was starving, so I ordered
three eggs over easy, toast, and hash browns for me, one egg over easy,
waffles, boysenberry syrup, and hash browns for Ali. I had evil designs on
her hash browns if she didn't get them first.  
     Thirty minutes later, with both of us in robes, breakfast arrived. It
took two carts!  I looked at the young man. 
     "Compliments of your friends." He said, handing me a card. I tipped
him well, and after they left, I looked at the carts.  Our ordered
breakfasts were on one cart, with the other containing, a dozen oysters
Rockerfeller, shrimp cocktail, breakfast steaks, a large pitcher of orange
juice, coffee, strawberries, and whipped cream.  Allison looked at me and
asked about the card. 
     I opened the envelope. "To our amorous friends," it began, "Please
accept with our compliments for giving us a night to remember. May we all
meet someday, and share what we only dreamed."  Allison read it over my
shoulder. It was signed, "Caroline, Stacy, Mike, David, and Beth." 
     And here, I never thought of Chicago as a friendly town!
 
--
