Archive-name: 3plus/hotfrnd2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Hot Friends - 2


                             (The Story Continues)
                                    Part II

Our sexual trysts have been going on for three months now.  I still pretend I
don't like what is being done to me but deep down I guess I really am a slut
who likes to be used.  I have entertained and pleased all three of them on six
different occasions.  The sex just gets better and better each time.

Mostly it is Susan who demands that I work late, if being a sex toy to two men
and a woman can be considered work.  I must have lesbian tendencies that have
lain dormant for year because I have come to love and crave the taste of
Susan's pussy juice.  It's true another female knows what really excites and
feels good to a woman.  Because just the touch of Susan's fingers can cause my
nipples to become erect and rock hard and my panties to dampen.

Last Monday morning Susan stopped by my desk as soon as I arrived and said.
"Come to Jack's office at eleven we have a surprise for you, darling!"

I was startled and suddenly frighten and afraid.  Since returning from the
conference we had never had sex at the office only at Susan's apartment,
surely they wouldn't risk being caught at work.  We would all be fired, not to
mention the scandal it would raise.  The local paper would have a field day, I
could just see the head line "Sex Orgy at Local Office."  All of us would be
ruined our careers finished.  They couldn't want that to happen, could they?

By ten thirty I was a nervous wreck.  I saw Susan go into Jack's office and
close the door.  I desperately wanted to know what was going on in there.
What was being said and discussed?  At ten forty five Time entered the office
but he was back out in less than two minutes.  He looked very upset and angry.
Perhaps he felt the same as I did that sex at the office was dangerous and
foolish.

Over the last three months I had done things I would never have imagined
doing.  I had actually kissed and sucked another persons asshole and had
enjoyed doing it.  Just last week Tim stuffed his dick up my butt and fucked
my ass while Jack screwed my pussy at the same time.  I was a human sandwich.
Susan was there too, feeding her nipple into my mouth and telling me I was
neglecting her.  She encouraged the men as we fucked.  I could feel their
cocks touching and rubbing against each other through the thin membrane that
separated my vagina and rectum.  The feeling of having two dicks inside me was
incredible but I pleaded pitifully at what they were doing to me.  Susan knew
that I was lying because when Frank, Tim and I climaxed within seconds of each
other she whispered to me. "I know you like it bitch, don't deny it.  This is
better than the fucking Rob gives you, isn't It?  You like what we do to you,
don't you!"

While the men dressed to go home to their wives, Susan had me change the
sheets on her bed.  After they had gone I picked up all my cloths, piled them
on the bed and started to dress.  Before I could even put my bra on Susan was
behind me, sliding the straps back down my arms.  She began caressing both my
breasts, while kissing my neck and ear.  Licking my ear she whispered
sensually.  "Would you like a shower Penny, darling?  I would hate for you to
ruin those expensive silk panties you were wearing.  Let me give you a shower.
A very special shower ...  A golden one!"

A shower sounded nice, but what was a golden shower?  I had never heard the
phrase before but a hot shower would wash the now drying sperm from my body.
Some of Jack's jism still clung to my hair where it splattered when he
ejaculated on my face.  Susan had massaged Tim's last eruption into my breasts
and nipples, then made me lick his sticky goo from her fingers and hand.  Cum
was now beginning to slowing leaking from both my vagina and anus.  My
beautiful french cut panties would indeed be ruined if I wore them home.  If I
showered here I could face Rob without having to sneak into our bath room
first.  Susan's magic fingers were mow playing with the short hairs that were
beginning to grow and cover my pubic mound again.

I mumbled yes as I nodded my head up and down.

Giggling Susan slipped her arm around my waist as she gently led me to her
spacious bathroom.  Once inside the lavish bath she turned on the hand- held
shower and rinsed out the large garden tub with very hot water.  Turning off
the water she took my hand saying.

"For your special Golden Shower, Penny, you have to lie in the tub and close
your eyes.  I'll do everything, I'll make you squeaky clean for you husband.
Just relax now, I just know you're going to enjoy this."

Laying back in the now warmed tub, I did as she request and closed my eyes.  I
heard her move into the tub with me but thought nothing of it.  I waited for
the water to start, I wanted it to wash away the men's sticky residue that
clung to me.  When it didn't come, I let my eyes flutter open.  Susan was
squatting over me holding the lips of her pussy wide open.  Smiling down she
started to urinate as she began to laugh.

A stream of yellow piss splashed against my naked breasts.  I opened my mouth
to scream but Susan clamped her hand over it as she lowered her bottom down
trapping me.  I struggle to rise but couldn't move.  Squeezing my eyes tight,
at the shame of what she was doing to me, I began to shudder and sob.

Susan reached up and pinched and twisted my nipples cruelly saying.  "Be still
slut or I'll piss in your face."

I quit struggling and lay there passively, afraid she would carry out her
threat.  Tears of shame and humiliation streaked my face as her urine bathed
my tits.  Good God how could I allow this to happen, I though as she started
and stopped the flow of her urine.

As Susan emptied her bladder onto my titties she reached back and spread my
sex open.  Her fingers held my inner and outer labia lips open.  She let the
tip of her finger brush my erect little button saying.  "This excited you
doesn't it baby.  It's makes you hot, I can tell.  Your clitoris is stiff and
swollen.  It's begging to be touched and licked and your pussy is like a lake.
You're so wet and juicy!  I do believe you like being peed on Penny."

It was humiliating to be pissed on, yet somehow Susan was right.  It was
erotic and sensual in a strange kind of way.  Her hot urine hitting my erect
nipples and washing over my breasts did feel sexy.

When Susan finished pissing she bent over and started sucking and licking my
nipples clean.  This excited me even more.  Here she was tasting and licking
up her own pee.  All this combined with her fingering of my soaking cunt and
clitty gave me the biggest and best orgasm that night.  It was so intense that
I felt like I had died.  The ecstasy of that orgasmic bliss was unbelievable.
As I drifted back, what she had done to me didn't seen so dirty or degrading.

Susan sat on the side of the tub and spread her thighs wide.  As I knelt to
get up she put her hand behind my head and pulled my face to her crotch and
whispered.  "Eat me darling, get a taste my sweet pee pee like a good little
girl.  I know you want to.  Next time maybe I'll let you drink some.   Your
husband, Rob, doesn't know how to turn you on and satisfy you true sexual
desires.  Neither does Jack or Tim but I do.  Now show me that you can please
me.  DO IT!  EAT ME!  SUCK MY PUSSY, TASTE MY PISS YOU SEXY SLUT!!"

I kissed and licked the lips of her sex as she stroked and caressed my face
and damp hair.  I could taste some of her urine that had dribbled down her
slit and into her pubic bush.  Although somewhat bitter tasting it was nothing
like I had expected.  My tounge separated her puffy inner lips as she
moaned.

"YEEESSS!  Tongue fuck my sweet hole baby. OOHHHH! I LOVE IT!!  I had almost
forgotten how good loving between two women could be!  DEEPER NOW!
AAAAHHHHHH  YES!  MY SWEET SLUT.  FUCK ME WITH YOU TONGUE!!"

I used my fingers to spread her open, my tongue darting deep inside her.  I
could feel her vagina contracting on my tongue as it lapped up her flowing
sweet juices.  Soon Susan cried out as she approached her orgasm.  She pulled
my face hard against her pussy and screamed.

"I'M CUMING BABY.  I'M CUMMMMING, DON'T STOP!  DON'T STOP PENNY!  DON'T STOP!"

Her hands and thighs held my head tightly in place as she shook and shudder
through her climax.  I gently kissed and licked her quivering clitoris as she
floated back from her orgasm.  Slowly her breathing returned to normal and she
pulled me to her and kissed me passionately.  Later we bathed each other
lovingly before I dressed and went home to Rob and the kids.

Shaking my head, still not believing I had allowed her to do such a thing to
me, I looked down at the digital clock on my desk.  It read ten fifty nine.

Taking a deep breath I timidly knocked then entered Jack's office.  Susan was
sitting on the corner of his desk with her legs crossed.  Jack's had his feet
propped up and was leaning back in the swivel chair with his hands behind his
head.

I left the office door open, as I silently prayed this would have something to
do with company business.  As I came forward Jack let his feet slip to the
floor as he patted his lap saying.  "Come sit right here Penny, Susan and I
have a surprise for you."

I froze with panic.  This was my worst nightmare, forced to have sex with them
in the office.  If we were caught I would lose my job, lose my husband and
most definitely lose my kids.  Rob was not the kind of man to let his children
live with a whorish tramp.  Tears filled my eyes as I tried to find my voice.

Sobbing I began to plead and beg, "PLEASE!  PLEASE NOT HERE!  NOT AT WORK
JACK, PLEASSSEEE !  I'LL DO WHATEVER YOU WANT AT SUSAN'S PLACE BUT NOT HERE!
WE'LL BE CAUGHT, PLEASEEEEE, DON'T DO THIS TO ME!"

Laughing Jack said.  "It's not what you think Penny."

As Susan passed me to close the door she wiped a tear from my cheek saying
"Ssshhh, Julie can easily hear you.  She's just outside.  Now, clam down baby.
I think you'll like what going to happen.  Now do as Jack says, OK."

Bowing my head, I choked back my sob's as I went to Jack.  I felt his penis
stiff in his trousers as I settled my bottom in his lap.

Putting his arms around me, he kissed me on the cheek saying.  "That's my
pretty Penny, now let me see those beauties," as he reached around and started
unbuttoning my blouse.

I started to struggle, tears again filling my eyes as I desperately tried
pushing his hands off my chest while pleading for him to stop.

Susan jerked me off his lap and slapped my face saying.  "Silence!  Not
another word you stupid little cunt!"

I dropped to my knees covering my face with my hands as I began to sob softly.
After letting me cry for two to three minutes Susan brushed my hands away and
cupped my chin in her hand.  Tilting my head back she looked deep into my tear
filled eyes, then toward Jack.  "May, I explain it all to her," she inquired
of him.

"Sure, why not," I heard him say.  He chuckled adding, "I just wanted to suck
those fabulous boobs one last time and maybe tit-fuck her as a parting gift.
After tomorrow I'll be just a memory like poor old Timmy boy," he mused.

Brushing my hair back with her fingers Susan leaned down and kiss my forehead
lightly saying. "Stay on your knees Penny dear and I will explain everything."

Releasing me she moved to the desk and pushed the button on the intercom and
spoke.  "Julie, hold all call for thirty minutes. I do not wish to be
disturbed for any reason."

Julie, Jack's secretary, replied, "Yes, Ms. Johnson.  There's a telegram here
for you from Mr. Van-Mere from home office.  Should I bring it in now?"

Susan replied "No, I'm sure it just the customary congratulations, it can
wait but do call Jonathan's and reserve a table for me."

I recognized the name, Mr. Van-Mere is a senior vice president of our division
of the corporation.  What the hell was going on?  Why would he be sending
congratulation to Susan?  I was bewilder and confused.

Susan turned and again sat on the edge of the desk.  Looking down at me she
smiled as she crossed her arms then began to speak.  "Penny dear, as you
already know, Jack has fantasized about having you and your wonderful body for
years.  I seduced and delivery you to him because we had a deal.  I would
fulfill his fantasy of having you if he would give me what I wanted.  Today he
has done just that.  You see darling, Jack is being promoted and transferred
to home office.  Tim was the logical choice to replace him but that is not to
be.  I fired Tim five minutes ago because I am now the boss around here.  He's
out there now clearing out his desk."

I was not believing what I was hearing.  I glanced over at Jack, he had a shit
eating grin on his face as he nodded his head up and down.  Opening his coat
he pulled out a packet of airline tickets and tossed them on the desk saying.
"It's true Penny.  Tim's history and I'm sorry our little get-to-gather's will
soon be over.  I was hoping to enjoy you a little longer.  You're a fine fuck
Penny McCloud, I'm going to miss those fabulous, glorious boobs of yours," he
sighed.  Smiling from ear to ear he pointed to Susan and continued. "Susan and
I have discussed your future ...." he paused. "She's the boss now I'll let her
break the news to you."

My mouth fell open, I was so shock I could even speak. Jack was leaving and
Tim had been canned.  Susan was now my boss!  What was happening?  Before I
could utter a sound Susan reached out and closed my open mouth.

"There's nothing to worry about Penny." Susan spoke as her thumb brushed my
lips.  "Don't ask questions Penny just listen.  Tim will tell absolutely no
one of our extra curricula activities.  Jack and I have made sure of that."

Jacks laughs saying, "little Timmy will stay silent or he will spend twenty
years as a guest of the state.  It's keep his mouth shut or he goes to jail."

Susan glances at Jack and says.  "Penny doesn't have to know how just that he
will be silent.  I'm sure our little girl will miss both your cocks but I will
see that she get what she deserves.  Besides I haven't even told her yet."

Still trying to absorb all that had been said I managed to mutter " What!
What's going to happen to me?  Am I to be fired?  God, Please don't tell Rob!
My marriage would be over, I would die if Rob divorce me and took the kids
away?  Please Susan I'll do anything.  PLEASEEEE DON'T DESTROY ME!!!!"

Walking to me Susan pulls me up and kisses me passionately.  Her tounge
invades my mouth taking my breath away.  After some minutes of frenching me
she breaks the kiss.  Hugging me she announces.  "Penny, I have no intention
of destroying you.  I want you to become my personal assistant, darling.  Your
pay will be substantially increased as will your duties.  Giving you to Jack
and Tim has awaken a side of me, I wish to explore further.  We will discuss
your new duties on and off job later."  As she spoke her hands are not idle.
She finished unbuttoning my blouse and pulled it from my skirt.

I still could not understand what was happening.  Still in a daze I let her do
with me what she wanted.

Susan removed my brassiere then whispered in my ear.  "Now go to Jack and give
him his going away present.  Don't be afraid Penny.  No one will come in I
assure you of that.  Give him a blowjob he'll never forget darling.  After he
tit-fucks you we can discuss mine and your new relationship while we eat lunch
at Jonathan's."

Numbly I went to Jack and knelt before him.  While Susan had been talking he
had taken his penis out and was sitting there stroking it.  His cock was now
fully erect.  Of the three men who I had ever let fuck me his penis was the
biggest.  Rob had taken my virginity but Jack's dick was thicker and longer
than my husband's.  Tim deflowered my anus but he was even smaller than Rob
when it came to size.  Jack's cock could touch places inside my pussy that
had never been touched.  His semen also tasted very sweet, I enjoyed it's
flavor and sweetness the few times he allowed me to swallow it.  Mostly he
wanted to shoot off on my breasts or face.

The longer I knelt there staring at his cock the more I wanted to do as Susan
said. "Give him a blowjob he would never forget."  Licking my lips I leaned
forward and kiss the head of his massive phallus.  The moment my lips touched
him, his hands were pulling my head down and he was groaning.

"AAAAHHHH!!  YES PENNY, SUCK ME HONEY!  SUCK MY COCK!  AAAAHHHHH!!!!  YES!
YEEESSS!!!"

When he erupted he flooded my mouth with his cum.  I eagerly swallowed his
first spurt of honey but as he squirted again, coating my tongue.  Susan spoke
up.  "Don't swallow Penny, I want you to share his jism with me," she
whispered softly in my ear.

She had knelt down behind me and been playing with and pinching my nipples.
She encouraged me with lewd, exciting remarks and instructions as how to suck
Jack's cock to give him maximum pleasure.

Standing Susan took me in her arms and kissed me.  Our lips fused together and
I parted my lips slightly.  Susan tongue entered my mouth and licked and
danced everywhere as her hands played over the cheeks of my butt.  Kneading
and pinching my ass cheeks she took part of Jack load of cum into her mouth
and broke the kiss.  Stepping back we both swallowed simultaneously.  She
smiled as I licked my lips.  Looking down at Jack she giggled saying.

"Penny, you greedy insatiable little cock-sucking slut, you've drained him
completely dry.  I afraid his tit-fuck will just have to wait until he's comes
to town for a visit."

Jack grabbed his limp rod and began to plead.  "Wait!  Wait, this is not fair
Susan.  I want to a tit-fuck her before I go.  Just give me a few minutes to
recover.  That's all I need just a few minutes."  He was pleading like a
little boy wanting an ice cream cone on the fouth of July.  I wanted to stay
and give him his wish yet I wanted to know what Susan was going to do with me
even more.

Susan tossed me my bra laughing then as she helped me button up my blouse,
she spoke to Jack.  "We have important things to discuss Jack.  I promise when
you come back to town you'll have your tit-fuck.  Even if I have to do it.
You know I keep my promises so be patience.  Let the anticipation build you'll
enjoy it even more when it actually happens. OK."

--
