Copyright © 1997,     Donnie.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net.





               The House Of The Incestuous Nymphs


                           Introduction


The House Of The Incestuous Nymphs was originally written in 1987 
but the novel was lost and the only remains of the novel existed 
only within my own mind.  The story takes place in a town called
Kenwood.  The characters in the story come from five families.
The list below shows the members of each family with the person's
name, age and gender.

Name              Age   Sex
------------------------------
Mike Owens        19    Male
Nicole Owens      17    Female
Lauri Owens       14    Female
Stephanie Owens   14    Female
Jeff Owens        12    Male
Susie Owens       10    Female

Kimber Miller     18    Female
Tommy Miller      13    Male
Lisa Miller       11    Female

Mark MacDonald    18    Male
Robyn MacDonald   13    Female
Mary MacDonald    11    Female

John Bennett      18    Male
Kim Bennett       17    Female
Steve Bennet      14    Male

Kerri Thompson    16    Female
Paul Thompson     14    Male
David Thompson    10    Male

The following are the first seven chapters in the novel.  There
are about thirty chapters which will be written as time permits.

Chapter One

Lauri finds out the pleasures of girl-girl sex with her older 
sister Nicole.


Chapter Two

Lauri introduces her twin sister Stephanie to the pleasure of 
girl-girl sex.


Chapter Three

Nicole gives her two younger sisters the initiation into the 
clit lickers club and shaves their bushes.  Then Nicole teaches
the two the finer points of lesbian sex, like oral sex.

Also in Chapter Three Jeff and his little sister Susie experiment
with sex in the bathroom before bedtime.


Chapter Four

Susie and her classmate David play a little game of 'find the
eraser' behind their desks.

Susie tells her best friend Mary what David and her did in class.
They then try a little play of their own.


Chapter Five

Lauri and Stephanie meet their boyfriends Steve and Paul for a
game of Truth or Dare at Steve's house while on lunch break from
school.


Chapter Six

Lauri and Stephanie meet their friend, Robyn after school and 
teach her what they have learned from sister.

Robyn passes on to her sister what her sister had caught her 
doing with the Owen Twins.


Chapter Seven

Mike and his girlfriend Kimber spend a quiet evening watching a
movie with Kimber's little sister Lisa.  After Lisa goes to bed
Kimber and Mike fool around, unaware that Lisa was watching.

Later after Kimber dozes off.  Mike hears Lisa calling out his 
name and enters her room and seduces her in her sleep.  She wakes
up and they continue to fool around while Kimber sleeps in the 
next room.





For comments or information on upcoming chapters
Email me at donnie437@atlanta.email.net

















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....