(c) Copyright 1997 Donnie.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.






               The House Of The Incestuous Nymphs


                           Chapter One


It was a typical Thursday afternoon at the Owen's Residence,
Nicole Owens was taking her shower after her soccer practice.  The
seventeen year old girl always felt it relaxing to come home after
a soccer practice and take a shower.  The only thing different was
that this after noon she was being watched, not by her handsome
older brother Mike or by her perverted little brother Jeff but by
her younger sister Lauri.  Lauri had entered the bathroom to take
a pee when she was drawn to the shape of Nicole's silhouette on
the hazy shower door.  She could see the outline of her breasts as
the sun shined through the window casting a the silhouette.  Then
she noticed Nicole take her breasts in her hands and massage them. 
Lauri took her eyes off of her sister then she lifted her skirt
and pulled her panties down.  Then she sat on the toilet seat and
urinated as she watched Nicole massage her breasts.

Nicole massaged her breasts then as she tweaked her nipples she
moaned.  Lauri heard this and looked up.  She could barely see
Nicole with her hands at her breasts.  At this moment Lauri
slipped her hand under her sweater and caressed her own nipple
through the silky material of her camisole.  She moaned silently
as she caresses her nipple.  Then she saw one of Nicole's hands
drop between her legs.  Then she heard another moan, this one
louder than the first.  She assumed Nicole must have touched her
pussy.  Lauri felt a twitch in her fourteen year old pussy.  She
reached for the toilet paper and wiped the piss from her wet slit. 
Then she dropped the paper in the bowl and put her finger on her
clit as she continued to watch her sister masturbate behind the
frosty shower door.  

Nicole to found her clit and began to stroke it.  She moaned
again, this time in sync with Lauri's moan.  The two teenage
sisters were going to make themselves cum with their fingers on
their clit's.  It was Nicole who came first, shuddering under the
beating water of the shower.  Then Lauri, let herself cum as she
rapidly moved her finger across her clit.  Then she heard Nicole
turn the shower off and she froze.  She got  up quickly and pulled
up her panties.  Then she flushed the toilet and ran out of the
bathroom before Nicole could catch her.  She was not sure what her
older sister would say or do if she had caught her in the bathroom
with her watching her masturbate and she did not want to find out. 
She ran into her room which she shared with her twin sister
Stephanie.  Stephanie had not gotten home from school yet.  Lauri
sat back on her bed and grabbed a book from her nightstand and
nonchalantly started reading it.

Nicole grabbed her white bikini panties and slipped them up her
legs and around her shapely hips.  Then she wrapped a towel around
her supple firm breasts and stepped out of the shower.  As she was
leaving the bathroom she noticed the door had been opened.

"Hmm, that's funny," Nicole thought to herself, "I swore I closed
this door when I came in here."  She then thought maybe her twelve
year old brother must have been trying to steal a peak at her
again.  She then became flushed realizing what he must have saw,
her masturbating to orgasm.  She walked across the hall and into
Lauri's room and closed the door behind her.  Lauri looked up
almost and gulped knowing for sure she was caught.

"Hi," was all Lauri said as she looked up from her book at her
dripping wet sister standing by the door.

"I think Jeff was spying on me.  I was sure I closed the door and
when I got out of the shower, the door was opened,"  Nicole said
in fear that her younger brother saw her pleasing herself.

"Ah, Nicole, that wasn't Jeff, that was me,"  Lauri commented, "I
had to pee and I didn't want to go downstairs."

"You, oh, I see, so you just came in and peed and left then
right?"  Nicole asked in desperation for an affirmative answer. 
But what she got was something she never thought she would hear
coming from her little sister.

"Well, um, no, I kinda saw you well... I saw you playing with
yourself,"  Lauri said in embarrassment.

"You saw me masturbating?"  Nicole replied as she felt herself
overcome by the heat of embarrassment and passion.

"Yes, and when I saw you start to finger your clit I did the same
to mine.  I don't know why but I was getting turned on watching
you get yourself off like that,"  Lauri continued.

"So you were masturbating too Lauri?"  Nicole asked as she walked
over and sat at the foot of Lauri's bed.

"Yes, I was frigging my clit quite fast and I came when you did. 
I couldn't believe how turned on I was watching you do that in the
shower,"  Lauri answered.

Nicole then stood up and stepped in front of the mirror on the
wall and dropped her towel exposing her naked body to Lauri's
unobstructed view.  Then she brought her hands to her breasts and
pushed them upwards staring at them in the mirror.

"So do you think I have nice breasts Lauri?"  Nicole inquired.  As
she squeezed the soft orbs.

"Well, um yeah, they're okay, I guess,"  Lauri replied dumbfounded
by the audacity of the question.

Nicole was concerned that her new boyfriend Mark might not like
them and she asked, "well if you were a guy would you think they
were sexy or a good size,"

Lauri got up and stood beside her sister admiring her breasts in
the mirror and said, "They look big enough to me.  I mean they are
a lot bigger than mine."

"Well you still have some growing to do and besides, I am sure
they're not that small.  Can I see them?"  Nicole asked.

"Um, okay,"  Lauri agreed as she pulled her sweater over her head
and then slipped her camisole off as well.  Then she stood there
beside her sister comparing the difference in the size and shape
of their breasts.

Nicole's breasts were a size 34C and Lauri's were a 32B.  Both
Nicole's nipples were large and stuck out from their bodies. 
Nicole turned to Lauri and cupped her small breasts in her hands. 
Lauri jumped slightly but let her sister have her way with her
breasts.  Besides her hands felt nice on her young flesh.  Then
Nicole spread her hand over her whole breast and took her nipples
between her finger tips.  Lauri's eyes shut as her sister brought
great pleasure to her breasts.

"You have lovely breasts Lauri,"  Nicole commented while still
massaging her younger sisters breasts and tweaking her nipples.

"Thanks, so do you Nicole,"  Lauri returned.

"Would you like to feel mine too Lauri?"  Nicole offered.

"Well, okay, why not,"  Lauri replied as she brought her hands to
Nicole's breasts and squeezed the warm flesh.  "Mmm, they are nice
and warm Nicole."

"Well it was quite a hot shower,"  Nicole explained, "but they are
feeling warmer now with your hands on them."

"Does this feel good?"  Lauri asked as she pinched Nicole's
nipples.

Nicole's body jerked at the pleasure of the slight pain she
experienced, "Oh, yessss, Lauri, that feels great.  Mmmm, don't
stop doing that okay?

"Okay, I won't,"  Lauri answered, "it feels good what you're doing
too."

"Mmm, I'm glad you like it, what are sisters for,"  Nicole stated.

"Let's lay down and do this okay, my legs are getting tired from
standing,"  Lauri suggested as she felt her knees weaken under the
pleasure she was feeling circulate through her body.

"Okay, let's lay down then,"  Nicole agreed.

The two young nymphs laid down on the bed beside each other as
Nicole continued to caress Lauri's breasts.  Nicole stared into
her younger sisters eyes as she massaged her young breasts.  Lauri
moaned softly as Nicole rubbed her smooth flesh.  Her eyes closed
as she was overtaken by the warm feeling she was feeling in her
tummy.  Nicole then leaned over Lauri and put her nipple in her
mouth.  Lauri's eyes opened briefly as she felt Nicole's warm wet
lips on her tiny nipple.  Then she closed her eyes again and sunk
into the bed as Nicole sucked her young breasts.  Nicole's hand
laid against Lauri's stomach working it's way down to her young
cunt.  Nicole put her hand on Lauri's leg and work it up under her
skirt.  Lauri tensed for a second but then relaxed again as
Nicole's finger met the crotch of her panties.  She stroked her
fingers across the crotchband of her little sister's panties.  She
could feel the heat emanating from her young cunt.  She pressed
her finger against her clit and rubbed it through Lauri's cotton
panties.  Lauri moaned again, this time louder than before.  She
was getting very hot under her sister's touch.  Nicole stopped
sucking on Lauri's nipple and looked at Lauri as she opened her
eyes.  Nicole had left Lauri's left nipple red and very swollen. 
Lauri looked down at her blood engorged nipple.

"Wow, I've never seen it like that before,"  Lauri commented,
"that felt really good Nicole."

"I'm glad you liked it,"  Nicole replied to her young horny
sister.

"Mmm, and I love what you're doing now,"  Lauri said as she spread
her legs wide cause her skirt to move up to her waist revealing
her pussy being rubbed by Nicole's skilled hand.  

"I love pleasing you like this Lauri,"  Nicole assured her sister. 
Then Nicole thought back to the first time her girlfriend Kimber
had done this to her.  Nicole had been with her girlfriend Kimber
since they were thirteen.  She had learned a lot from Kimber. Many
of the things she would love to show her young sister Lauri.

Lauri reached down and unbuttoned her skirt then pulled it out
from under her and through it on the floor.  She really wanted
this.  She wanted her sister in the most incestuous way.  Lauri
thumbed the waistband of her panties and smiled at Nicole as she
continued to rub her crotch.  

"Do you want them off Lauri?"  Nicole asked?

Lauri nodded and Nicole sat up and began to pull at Lauri's
panties.  Lauri lifted her bum and Nicole pulled then down to her
thighs.  Lauri shivered as her sister took puled her panties down. 
Then Lauri lifted her legs and Nicole pulled her panties off and
through them on the floor.  Then Lauri put her legs down again
still spread wide open revealing her thinly haired pussy to
Nicole's view.  Lauri laid there as Nicole returned her hand to
Lauri's now bare cunt.  As Nicole's fingers came in contact with
Lauri's clit, Lauri grasped the sheets.  Nicole's touch was very
warm and sent fire through Lauri's belly.  Nicole rubbed Lauri's
clit with one finger as three more dipped between Lauri's pussy
lips.  Lauri was soaked, but what girl wouldn't be while be
fingered by her very beautiful older sister.

"Mmmmm, you're wet Lauri,"  Nicole commented as she moved her
fingers up and down in Lauri's slit.

"Am I?"  Lauri replied in a dreamy state.

"Yeah you are, feel it,"  Nicole suggested as she removed her hand
from her sister's pussy.

Lauri dropped her hand to her cunt and slipped her middle finger
in her slit and felt how wet she was, "wow i am really wet,
Nikki."

Nicole loved being called Nikki when she was having sex.  It made
her feel ever sexier.  She watched as Lauri continue to move her
finger in and out of her damp slit.  Lauri would get her finger
wet and then rub it against her clit.  Nicole sat back and watched
as her young sister fingered her clit in front of her.  Nicole was
becoming very turned on.  She wanted to rub her own clit.  She
leaned back and slipped her hand into her panties and frigged her
clit.  Then she dipped two fingers into her wet pussy and fingered
her hole making her fingers all wet with her juice.  Then she did
as Lauri was doing rubbing her wet fingers against her clit.  This
drove Nicole wild as she moaned loudly.  Lauri looked over to her
sister and watch as she fingered her pussy.

"Do you want to do each other, Nicole?"  Lauri asked.

"Sure, I'd love to Lauri,"  Nicole answered as she took her hand
from her panties, "do you want to take off my panties, Lauri?" 
she said as she knelt beside her sister.

"Yes, I do!"  Lauri said with excitement as she sat up on the bed.

Nicole got off the bed and stood beside her sister who was now
sitting on the edge of the bed.  Lauri  moved her thumbs under the
waistband of Nicole's sexy panties and looked up at her sister for
her okay to take them off.  Nicole nodded and Lauri began to pull
then down, still looking up at Nicole.  Nicole smiled and then
started to giggle like a little girl.  Lauri looked down to
Nicole's crotch.  She had pulled Nicole's panties down to her
knees.  Her eyes almost popped out as she gazed at Nicole's cunt. 
She could not believe what she was seeing.  Nicole was bald.  Not
a single hair covered her cunt.

"You have no hair Nikki,"  Lauri said in shook.

"No, I haven't had hair since I was thirteen.  Kimber taught me
how to shave it and since then I have kept it shaved.  I like
being bald,"  Nicole explained.

"Wow, it looks neat, like a little girl's pussy, Nikki,"  Lauri
commented as she admired the smoothness of Nicole's hairless
pussy.  "Will you teach me how to shave my pussy?"

"Sure if you want me to,"  Nicole replied.

"Yes, I want to be bald like you,"  Lauri assured her older sister
of her desire to have a hairless cunt.

"Okay maybe tonight if we get a chance, I will shave you okay?" 
Nicole suggested.

"Yeah that sounds great,"  Lauri agreed.

With that Lauri pulled Nicole's panties down the rest of the way
and Nicole stepped out of them.  Then Nicole got back on the bed
and laid beside her sister.  Lauri laid down beside Nicole facing
her.  Nicole brought her hand o Lauri's cunt as Lauri lifted and
bent her leg to allow Nicole better access.  Nicole did the same
and Lauri placed her hand on Nicole's bald mound and rubbed the
softness of her baldness.

"Mmm, it feels so soft Nikki,"  Lauri commented as she rubbed her
fingers over Nicole's smooth hairless mound.

"I'm glad you like it Lauri,"  Nicole responded as she rubbed her
fingers through Lauri's wet pussy, occasionally rubbing her clit
with one of her slick fingers.

"A that feels good Nikki, mmmmm I love it,"  Lauri cooed as she
began lowering her fingers into Nicole's slit.  She begin to feel
the wetness of Nicole's warm pussy as her fingers explored her
moist area.  She found her clit and began rubbing her wet fingers
against it as Nicole did the same to her.

"Mmmm Lauri, that feels so good.  A yesss baby soooo gooooood," 
Nicole moaned as her younger sister finger her wet pussy.

"Mmm yeah you are making me feel good too Nikki,"  Lauri added.

Lauri's fingers probed into Nicole's pussy further until she found
the entrance to Nicole's cunt.  She wiggled her middle finger
inside her which pleased Nicole immensely.  Nicole's body
responded rocking her hips against Lauri's hand.  Lauri found it
was easy enough to get one finger in her sister's hole so she
inserted another and another of her small fingers up into Nicole's
cunt.  Then she moved them in and out as she like to do to her own
but with her own, she only would use at most two and that was when
she was really wet and very horny.  Nicole was extremely wet and
she was soon going to cum under the somewhat skilled hand of her
little sister.  Lauri too felt her orgasm wasn't far.  She was
very wet as well and wanted to cum while Nicole's hand was on her
pussy.  She could think of nothing else to please her than that.

"Mmmmm sis, you're going to make me cum,"  Nicole stated as she
squirmed on Lauri's fingers that were up her cunt.  Nicole moved
her fingers down to Lauri's opening and slowly inserted her middle
into Lauri's tight virgin cunt.

"Ahhh Nikki!!!"  Lauri moaned loudly as her sister penetrated her
hole with her finger.  She loved the feeling and having never been
fucked before, this was the greatest feeling she has had, having
something stuck in her like that.

Nicole worked her finger in and out of her sisters tight twat. 
After a while it loosened a little and Nicole inserted another,
this one her ring finger, into her horny little sister's cunt. 
Both girls finger fucked each other closer to orgasm.  As Nicole
felt herself very close she leaned towards Lauri and kissed her
right on the mouth.  This she would always do when she was with
Kimber in this situation.  Lauri responded by opening her mouth
and thus allowing Nicole to slip her tongue between her lips and
into her fourteen year old sister's mouth   Exploring her young
orifice.  Lauri, as horny as she was and never have kissed a girl
before, followed suit and inserted her tongue into Nicole's mouth.
Nicole accepted it eagerly and entwined it with her own.  Then as
the two young incestuous sisters french kissed, they began to cum.

"Mmmmmppphhh,"  Nicole moaned into Lauri's mouth as Lauri had
found Nicole's G-spot and fingered it quite fast bringing Nicole
over the edge.  She broke the kiss and cried out, "A Lauri baby, 
mmmm I'm cumming!!!!!!"

Lauri was so turned on to her such words from her sister and more
so because she was the cause of Nicole's enjoyment.  She moved her
fingers faster inside her sister's cunt causing her to buck
against her hand.

Nicole closed her legs tightly together trapping Lauri's hand
there and humped against it as she came with a great force against
Lauri's fingers.  She pushed her two fingers deep inside Lauri's
cunt causing her to spasm as well as her young body began to cum.

"Ahhh Nikki, I am cumming toooooo!"  Lauri cried as she also felt
her young cunt explode with great pleasure.  "Ahh yes it feels so
great Nikki!!!!!"  She closed her legs on Nicole's hand and she to
humped it til she came.

Both girls laid there humping each other's hands and panting as
they came.  Both of them having their first orgasm with each
other.  It was a beautiful sight.  Two gorgeous teenage sisters
pleasing each other to orgasm.

As their orgasms subsided they removed their fingers from each
other's soaked pussies and laid exhausted beside each other. 
Still panting from the very explosive orgasm each of them had just
had.

"That was great Lauri.  Did you enjoy it?"  Nicole asked wiping
the sweat from her brow.

"Yes, oh my frig, that was the best cum i ever had.  Even better
then when my boyfriend Steve would finger me,"  Lauri went on, "he
doesn't do it right, when he does it it sometimes hurts."

"Well boys do not know how to please girls like girls know how," 
Nicole explained.

Lauri knew at that moment that she would soon learn more about how
girls pleased girls much more than any boy could.

"Gees, I'm all sweaty and I just took a shower,"  Nicole
complained.

"Well take another one,"  Lauri suggested.

"Mmmm maybe I will, care to join me?"  Nicole offered?

"Mmm I'd love to,"  Lauri replied.

Just then they heard the front door slam shut and their other
sister, Lauri's twin, Stephanie yell out.

"Anybody home!" She yelled out as she entered the main hallway.

"Shit Steph's home,"  Nicole stammered.

"I guess we will have to do the shower thing another time,"  Lauri
said very disappointed to have her interlude with her sister
interrupted by her twin sister.

"Yeah don't worry we will,"  Nicole replied kissing Lauri on the
lips one last time before jumping up off the bed and grabbing her
panties and towel.  Then darting out the door and into her room
across the hall as Stephanie rounded the corner to the upstairs
hallway.

Lauri got up and quickly pulled her skirt and sweater back on over
her sweaty body before Stephanie opened the door and entered the
room.  Lauri quickly sat on her bed and grabbed her book.  She was
a mess.  She had put her sweater on backwards and she hadn't had
the time to button her skirt back up so she pulled her sweater
down over her skirt hiding the side where the buttons were undone. 
Her panties and camisole lay on a small pile beside her bed which
Stephanie took no notice to.

"Hi, whatcha doing?"  Stephanie asked her twin as she through her
school bag down beside her desk.

"Just reading that book we were assigned in English,"  Lauri
answered hoping Stephanie would not comment on the condition she
was in.

"Oh yeah that one.  I am almost finished,"  her sister responded
as she sat down on her bed and looked over at her sister.

Lauri looked up from her book and noticed Stephanie staring at
her.  "What?"

"Oh, nothing, I was just thinking about the assignment," 
Stephanie answered obviously in another world somewhere that Lauri
in her afterglow of her first girl-girl experience was not a part
of.

Just then they heard their parents come through the door yelling
for them to come down for supper.  Lauri got up and left the room
with Stephanie still not wearing her panties and her pussy
dripping with her young cum running partway down the insides of
her thighs.



                    Continued in Chapter Two

              Nicole and Lauri at the dinner table

                              &

	Lauri introduces her twin sister Stephanie to
		the pleasure of girl-girl sex.




For comments or information on upcoming chapters
Email me at donnie437@atlanta.email.net














--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....