                           A CRIME OF LOVE 
                            by J. BOSWELL

PART ONE

     I had been hiding, crouched in the bushes, over twenty minutes when
the bitch finally walked into the bedroom and turned on the overhead light.
Using the light that came through the thin curtains, I guided myself across
the grass and around the in-ground pool, to stand next to the french doors
to the bedroom.  I heard voices.
     "...that's why I'm still up, Mom."
     "Well, you're done, now, so you can get some sleep, Lisa."
     "Yeah.  So, when's Daddy coming home?"
     "He's playing poker with the boys, so he'll be very late, tonight. 
I'm not waiting up.  I think I'll watch `L.A. Law' and maybe the news, and
that's it."
     "Okay.  Good night, Mom."
     "'Night, Honey.  Sleep tight."
     Next, I heard a door close and then watched the bitch's shadow move
across the room.  When I heard her turn the water on, I knew she must be in
the bathroom, so I gripped the handle on the door and slowly twisted.
     It turned!  This was gonna be my lucky night!
     I tugged on the ends of my gloves, feeling their tightness on my
fingers, and pulled the ski mask down to my chin, adjusting the holes over
my eyes and mouth.  Then I took the big knife out of its cheap vinyl cover
and stepped into the room.  I stood next to the bathroom door, with my back
to the wall, waiting for the bitch to step back into the bedroom.
     For an instant, an image of me standing there, armed and disguised,
flashed through my brain, and I wondered what the hell I was doing there. 
And, just as quickly, the image of the bitch flashed in my mind, and I knew
what I wanted, and I knew I was willing to take it this way.
     The running water stopped.  It was so quiet I could hear her drying
herself with the towel.  My heart was beating in my skull and I willed
myself to breath slower, deeper.
     The bathroom light clicked off and the bitch walked into the bedroom. 
She didn't see me.
     I grabbed her by her loose hair and held the knife in front of her
shocked face.
     "Not a sound, bitch!  I know we're not the only ones in the house, and
everybody will stay safe if you don't make a sound.  Got it?"
     She nodded.
     "Now, we're gonna lock the fuckin' doors, so we won't be disturbed."
     I held her hair as we walked to the bedroom door and pushed the
button, then walked to the french doors and threw the latch.  
     I pushed her to sit on the bed and her eyes were wide with fear as she
looked up at me.  
     I looked at her.  She had washed her face clean of make-up and was
beautiful.  Her dark green eyes were flashing and her pale skin glowed. 
Her dark blonde hair was loose and fell to her shoulders.  She was wearing
a thin cotton nightshirt that came to her knees.  It was obvious she wasn't
wearing a bra, because her big tits were moving with a life of their own
with her quick breathing.  I could feel my cock spring to life in my pants.

Oh, how I was gonna enjoy this!
     As I stood looking down at her, she whispered, "I-I h-have money.  You
can have every cent in the house.  I won't say a word to anyone.  Don't
hurt us.  P-Pl-Please...just don't hurt my daughters."
     "I didn't come here for money, bitch, but I will take whatever cash
you have.  And about your daughters... Well, I guess that's up to you."
     Her head started a quick shake, but stopped.  "You mean..."
     I reached for the hem of the nightshirt in my left hand and began to
slice it open with the knife in my other hand.  Up, up, past her thighs. 
Up past her white panties.  Up her chest, the blade between her tits as I
moved it up to her neck, until the nightshirt was cut wide open.  Her eyes
never left the blade.
     "Take it off."
     A tear rolled down her cheek as she shrugged the torn garment off her
shoulders and arms.  
     Her tits were magnificent!  She had to be around 35 years old, and she
was the mother of a couple of kids -- but she still had these great tits! 
They were round and looked firm, sagging only a little and looking very
sexy doin' it.
     I reached out to feel her right breast and was sorry I was wearing the
thin leather work-gloves.  But I felt her tit's fullness and roundness and
heat in my hand, and I watched the nipple spring to life as I rubbed my
thumb, sheathed in rough leather, across her flesh. 
     She turned her head to the side and the blush ran from her neck in
both directions.
     "W-Why d-don't you just do what you came for and l-leave!" she almost
hissed at me.
     "Oh, I will, bitch.  You can count on it.  But I hate to be rushed. 
Don't you hate to be rushed?  How's your old man do it -- does he rush when
he's stickin' it to ya?  Huh?  He pop you his salami an' then roll off,
snoring?"
     She shot me a glare before she turned her head away, again.
     "Kneel on the bed," I ordered.
     She looked at me with confusion, "Wh-what?"
     "Get on the fuckin' bed on your hands and knees, you stupid cunt. 
Here, facing me."
     The view was wonderful.  Her tits hung down from her chest, heavy and
ripe.  I laid the knife on her bare back and then cupped her tits in my
hands.  I pushed the heavy flesh together and then up.  I was getting hot
and began to pull them down, sliding my hands down, pinching her hard
nipples between my leather-covered thumb and finger, pulling hard.
     She was making noises somewhere between a cry and a moan.
     I played with her like that a long time, working up a little sweat,
until I was slapping her tits together and back and forth, likin' the way
it sounded.  My dick felt like it was gonna burst so I grabbed the knife
back into my hand.
     "I want to see your pussy, now."
     She started to stand, but I pushed her back down on the bed.  "I'll
take care of this."
     I pushed her flat on the bed and then lifted the elastic of her
panties away from her right leg and inserted the knife into the widened
hole.  I heard her gasp when she felt the cold steel against her thigh. 
The knife was cheap and it was a short struggle to cut her panties off her,
but I enjoyed it.  When I flipped the front of the ripped cloth down, I was
surprised to see that her pussy hair, what little there was of it, was
almost red.  I could see her bulging pussy lips, and couldn't wait to
explore that secret place.  But, first things first.
     "I like your body.  I like it a lot, bitch.  What's your name?  I
might as well know, seein' as how we're about to get on a real friendly
basis, right now."
     "Gail.  My name is Gail.  Can't you please just get this over with? 
Just do it and leave.  My husband will be coming home, soon.  You could get
caught."
     "Well, Gail.  I heard you tell little Lisa that the old man would be
real late, tonight, so I guess I got time."
     I opened my belt and snap, lowered my zipper and dropped my jeans and
shorts.  My cock was rigid and sticking straight out.
     "How about a little blow job to start the evening, Gail?"
     Her eyes widened and she shook her head.  "I-I-I c-can't do th-that. 
Even for Robert..my husband..I just c-can't do that.  Can't you just rape
me?"
     "No way, Gail!  Now that I heard that pretty little mouth of yours is
virgin territory, I want it all the more!"  I grinned and laid the flat of
the blade against her hard nipple, "Besides, if you can't do it, maybe
there are other candidates in the house who can.  Younger candidates!"
     With a look that could kill, Gail moved to the edge of the bed and put
her face close to my cock.  She kissed my purple knob with her lips, the
way you'd kiss a baby.  Her next try was better, as I felt her lips relax
and then felt the warm wetness of her tongue on the end of my cock.
     "Did you ever eat a popsicle, Gail?  Well, now, it's time to eat my
popsicle."
     She looked up at me and I swear I could see her soul through those
green, green eyes.  She open her mouth and moved closer to me.  At first,
she was tense and tentative, but in an amazingly short time, she was
`eating my popsicle' with energy and maybe even a little enthusiasm.  Her
mouth was hot and wet and sucked at me.  I loved listening to this prissy
little bitch slurping my cock in and out, licking its length with her
tongue and burying her nose in my pubic hair.  
     All too soon, I could feel my orgasm building up from my very core and
coursing through my body, racing to explode out my dick.  
     "I'm gonna cum, bitch.  Just keep doin' what you're doin' and when you
feel me cum -- start swallowing.  Got it?"  I held the knife up in front of
her eyes to emphasize my point.
     My cum roared through my body and shot into her mouth in several
strong spurts.  She moved her mouth up to my knob and I felt her sucking my
cum into her mouth, until there was no more.  
     "You lyin' bitch!  I ought'a cut your nose off for tellin' me you
couldn't do that.  There's no way that's your first suck job."
     She blushed again as she nodded.  "I swear.  I swear I've never done
that before.  That was the first time.  Ever."
     She was a natural!
     "Lay back, Gail."
     "Please!  Can't you take the money and go, now?  Haven't I done what
you wanted?"
     I raised my hand in the air, "Lay back before I slap you back!  I'm
not done with you, yet."
     She laid back on the bed and turned her face away from me -- I didn't
care -- I didn't want to play with her face!
     I laid beside her and propped myself up on an elbow.  With my other
hand, I started making circles on her flattened tits with the rough glove. 
Her nipples had been erect, already, but I could feel them harden into
little pebbles atop her tits.  I began slowly and gently to squeeze and
pinch the hard nipples and I watched Gail's belly rise and fall as her
breathing quickened.
     I moved closer and stuck my tongue out through the mouth opening in
the mask and licked her nipple.  She moaned in response; and moaned, again
as I sucked the hard nub into my greedy mouth.  I dropped the knife onto
the floor and moved my free hand across the bitch's flat stomach and down
into her pussy.
     With one nipple being sucked, the other pinched, and her clit being
fingered, the bitch began to act like she was in heat.  Her breathing
became deep, yet fast, and her hips moved under my hand.  I could feel my
cock beginning to harden, again.
     I couldn't wait any longer.  I adjusted my position on the bed,
spreading her firm, white thighs open.  I lowered my mouth to her cunt and
tasted her red-haired pussy.  She was hot and wet and clean and sweet. 
     "No!  No!  Please don't do that to me!  It's disgusting!" she groaned
as I licked her swollen pussylips.
     I reached my hands up to her tits and began pinching her nipples.  I
listened as her moans became louder and I smiled to myself as I felt her
hands grab my head and push my mouth harder onto her cunt.
     When she came, it was an explosion!  She had let go of my head and had
grabbed a pillow.  Now, she held the pillow over her mouth to stifle her
cries of passion and release.  I sucked her clit and squeezed her nipples
until she lay still and quiet.  
     It was my turn.
     I stood and pulled her across the bed until her cunt was at the edge. 
She stared up at me and didn't resist.  I was hard and wanted her like I
have never wanted anyone before that moment.
     "Pl-Please...if you're going to do that to me, can I put a condom on
you?  I don't want to get pregnant or catch anything!"
     I snickered.
     In one motion, I slid my engorged, condom-less cock up her cunt, to
the hilt.  I felt my balls flap against her ass.  I began my motion,
pumping into her, and to my surprise, I soon felt her hips pumping into me.
I was sliding my full length in and out of her on every stroke.  She was
good!  Her cunt was so tight and felt great wrapped around my dick.  Her
legs were soon wrapped around my waist.
     She was soon moaning again, and as I saw her hand reach for the
pillow, I could feel my own orgasm fast approaching.
     Like some fairytale fantasy of mine, we both reached our climax
together.  She screamed into the pillow as I hissed out "Yes!  Yes!  Yes!"
over and over again.
     When I finished, I ripped the pillow away from her face and grabbed
her by the hair.  I sat her up and pointed to my wet dick, "Clean me up
with your mouth!"
     That slut smiled at me and sucked me into her mouth and licked all of
our juices off, moaning and groaning the whole time.  When she was done, I
stepped away and pulled my underwear and jeans back on.
     "I think you really liked that, bitch.  You like it that much when the
old man porks you?"
     She glared at me, "I didn't like it.  I swear I didn't.  You raped me.
I just wanted it over and you gone."
     "You're lying," I laughed, "there was someone besides me in this room
huffin' and puffin' through all that dirty sex that was goin' on.  I'm
wonderin' if I even needed the knife to get a little taste of you, tonight.
Maybe I won't bring it the next time."
     She looked up at me with fear in her eyes, "Please!  This can never
happen again.  Please say you won't be back."
     "I'll say it, when you tell me the truth about tonight."
     She sat there, naked, on the edge of the bed, and whispered, "I didn't
know sex could be like that.  I never felt anything like that, before.  It
felt dirty and sexy and good, all at the same time."
     I nodded, "Well, give me the money you promised me, and I'll be out of
here.  Remember, you don't tell anyone about this and I won't, either.  I
obviously know where you live and I know what your kids look like and where
they go to school."
     She stood up and walked across the room.  I watched her and enjoyed
her  nake body.  If I had to bet, I would have laid a few bucks saying she
was enjoying parading around the room naked, too.
     On her way back to where I was standing, she bent over and picked up
my knife and handed to me, along with two-hundred and sixty bucks.  I
smiled as I took the knife from her little hand and replaced it in the
sheath. 
     I stopped at the french doors and looked at her again, "Mmm, mmm!  You
DO have one outstanding body, Gail.  It's ben fun.  And I know you enjoyed
it at least as much as I did!"
     "Just go, please."
     I stepped out into the night and waited for my eyes to adjust to the
darkness.  At the edge of Gail's yard, I removed my gloves and mask before
stepping through the hedge and onto the sidewalk.  It was a short walk to
my car and a short drive home.

     I parked in the garage and hid the gloves and mask and knife in a box
under the workbench.  Then I let myself into the kitchen and got a beer out
of the refrigerator.  I was sitting at the table, checking the mail, when
my wife walked into the room.
     "Hi, Baby.  Long day?" She asked as she walked over and kissed me on
the cheek.
     "Yes, long day and long night.  I'm ready for bed."
     She drank some orange juice from the container and smiled.  She walked
over to me, took my hand and said, "Well, bring your beer, and tell me all
about it."
     In a few minutes, we were  nake and under the covers.  Her hand found
my cock and brushed over it, lightly.  "Was it good for you, Bobby?"
     "I don't think it's ever been better.  How about you, Honey?"
     "I can honestly say that they were the most intense and enjoyable
orgasms I have ever had in my life, Dear."
     "Wow!  I aim to please, but that's pretty high praise, Gail."
     "I know.  But it was THAT good.  I think the gloves and mask, as well
as the knife, had a lot to do with it, don't you?"
     I finished my beer and rolled over on to my side.  Gail slid across
the bed until our asses touched.  She was soon asleep.  I laid there,
thinking about the last couple of hours.  To say Gail had strong rape
fantasies was an incredible understatement, but saying I merely enjoyed
`raping' her was quickly becoming the same.

END OF PART ONE 

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
This quality file was downloaded from

         E  X  T  R  E  M  E
      ------------+------------      ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                 /|\                  ³                                 ³
                / | \                 ³   Portland Metro All Text BBS   ³
               /  |  \                ³                                 ³
              /   |   \               ³        9600: 503-775-0374       ³
             /    |    \              ³         SysOp: Thing One        ³
            /     |     \             ³                                 ³
           /      |      \           ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
            d r e a m e s
