                       "MARY HAD A HOT RAM"
                       --------------------
...Most of us lead two lives...real and fantasy. The housewife 
imagines herself leading a life of luxury. The businessman 
imagines himself away from the rat race, fishing by a quiet lake. 

The schoolboy dreams of becoming a famous athlete. And then there 

are sexual fantasies...wild dreams that we seldom expect to see 
come true. 

In this story, Mary Wilson has learned to be honest with her 
sexual desires, and she becomes a girl whom many would brand a 
slut and others would merely call liberated. She is a girl 
dedicated to becoming a sexually liberated soul---a person who 
not only feels sexually free, but who has been compelled to 
unshackle others from the bonds of puritanism. 

MARY HAD A HOT RAM deals with a volatile issue, an issue that 
government has tried to define, that churches have tried to 
repress, that swingers have tried to advocate...but perhaps the 
answer lies with the individual. Let him or her decide his own 
standard of morality where sex between consenting individuals is 
concerned, just as Mary has done. 

Mary Wilson had a little lamb. His fleece was white as snow and 
he followed her to school and all that shit, but the nursery 
rhyme stuff stopped there---because the little lamb grew up to be 

a horny ram. 

The ram was a powerful creature with swept-back horns, mighty 
shoulders and piledriver haunches. He remained white except for a 

black face and black rings around his legs just above the nimble 
cloven hoofs. He had golden eyes. He had the long flowing beard 
of a patriarch, but his balls were full of youthful cum. 

He had a huge prick and massive balls. In the prime of his life, 
the ram would have been ready to challenge all other rams for the 

right to fuck the fat, wooly ewes that grazed on the green 
hillside, for he knew his rightful place. 

But it had been reared as a pet. And the ram often turned a 
glowing golden eye on Mary and his thoughts were hardly 
sheepish... 

Mary Wilson was a teen by the time the ram was in his youthful 
prime. She could hardly fail to notice the change in the beast. 
As a soft wooly lamb she had named him cuddles but as he grew 
into a powerful hard-muscled creature the name had seemed rather 
silly and she had begun to call him Rocky the Ram. 

Mary was growing into a nubile young lady at the same time that 
Rocky matured into potency. 

Mary was still a virgin and quite innocent, although, being a 
farm girl, she knew all about the way that animals fucked and 
observed those bestial fuckings with interest. She wasn't sure 
just how humans fucked but, being inquisitive, had often listened 

to the grunts and the moans that drifted through the thin wooden 
farmhouse walls from her parents' bedroom. 

Fucking sounded like fun. 

Although the ram was no longer what could be called cuddly, he 
was still Mary's favorite pet and she often stroked and petted 
the powerful brute. 

She had also recently started to stroke and pet her cunt. 

She had discovered the pleasures of self-caress more or less by 
accident. 

One day her pussy had been particularly hot and juicy and her 
clit was standing out stiff and tingling. Mary had begun to rub 
her crotch to soothe her cunt, not quite sure what had caused the 

condition. very soon, a thrill had started to sweep through her 
pussy. 

She had been surprised by such a wonderful sensation. Her hand 
had rubbed vigorously away. All of a sudden her big blue eyes had 

snapped wide open in amazement and her mouth had trembled as her 
first ever orgasm ripped through her. She had been almost 
frightened by such intense feeling. 

After she'd finished coming and her cunt had cooled down, the 
girl had thought about what had happened. 

She had a strict upbringing. Anything that felt that good, she 
figured, just had to be a sin. She vowed never to rub her cunt 
again. 

Fifteen minutes later she frigged herself off again. 

Since that day of discovery, Mary began to give herself handjobs 
with regularity, at least once a day. 

Her hands felt so lovely that the girl just had to wonder what a 
cock or a tongue would feel like. 

There was a girl in her school---a one room country schoolhouse--
-who had a bad reputation. Her name was Lulu May Dickens and it 
was rumored that she had gone all the way with more than one of 
the lusty local lads. 

Mary placed little stock in such gossip as a rule, but she 
thought that Lulu May looked like the sort of girl who had been 
naughty. 

Mary was eager to ask Lulu May about such things. But Mary was 
shy. She couldn't think of a way to bring such a subject into the 

conversation without becoming embarrassed. 

One fine spring day, Mary was sitting on a fallen log out in the 
back forty, out of sight of the farmhouse, watching the fluffy 
white clouds drift across the bright blue sky and thinking about 
this and that. Mainly she was thinking about sex and trying to 
figure out how to ask the advice of Lulu May without seeming to 
be too interested, to find out about naughty things without 
acting naughty. 

She was wearing a checkered dress and a blue bonnet with a pink 
ribbon. 

Under the dress, she wore nothing. Being a young farm girl of 18, 

Mary did not have any sexy underwear. She had no money of her own 

with which to buy any. The local general store didn't stock 
anything like that, anyhow, and her mother always bought her 
plain white panties and bras as unshapely and restrictive as 
armor plate. 

Mary hated those awful undies. 

So she had taken to not wearing them. 

She liked to know and feel that she was naked under her dress. It 

gave her a thrill. 

It was also handy for frigging herself off. It was a bother to 
have to remove her panties when she felt like a quick 
fingerfucking and if she left them on she always got the 
crotchband soaking wet, which was awfully embarrassing when her 
mother washed them in the tub. 

She hadn't yet decided if she would give herself a handjob today. 

It was a Saturday and she had slept later than usual. By the time 

that she awoke, her mother was banging the gong to announce that 
breakfast was on the table. 

Usually on Saturday mornings when she didn't have to hurry to get 

to school, Mary liked to stay in bed and enjoy a long and 
leisurely fingerfucking session. 

This morning she had been forced to make a choice---she could 
miss breakfast and have a good come, or she could forego the 
pleasures of her pussy for those of her tummy. Mary had a healthy 

appetite and she could smell bacon and coffee. Furthermore, 
having just awakened, she had not had time to think the sort of 
thoughts that usually got her cunt smoldering. Anyhow, she 
reasoned, she could always fingerfuck later on if she wanted to. 
So she went down to breakfast. 

Then she wandered out to the fields. Now she began to squirm on 
the log as, thinking of the things that naughty Lulu May might 
have done, she became aroused and horny. 

The idea of fingerfucking herself in the fresh air was 
attractive. An outdoor handjob seemed sort of wholesome. She was 
in no hurry to come. 

Coming was the best part, certainly, but Mary liked to enjoy the 
build up and the preliminaries. She looked around to make sure 
that there was no one who could see her, then, smiling, she began 

to unbutton the front of her dress. Spreading it open, she tilted 

her face down and looked at her tits. 

They were lovely tits. Mary had been amazed when they first 
became so large and shapely, and she admired them a great deal. 
Her tits were full and firm, and her nipples were big and fat. 
When they got stiff, as they were now, they stood out like little 

pink spaceships ready to be launched. She knew that the boys in 
school looked at her tits a lot. 

But they looked at the rest of her, too. 

Mary's ass was shaped like a teardrop, firm and sweeping. Her 
waist was tiny and her hips were rounded. She had long, shapely 
legs that seem to have been designed for wrapping around a man's 
haunches as he fucked her and had a gently sloping belly 
fashioned to pump a man dry. 

Her face was well matched to that splendid body. She had big blue 

eyes that looked innocent when they were wide open but not so 
innocent when they were narrowed with desire. Her mouth was wide 
and full and sensual, the lower lip slightly turned down in a 
cute pout. Her hair was thick and blonde, like coils of spun gold 

tumbling to her shoulders, cascading over her cheeks. 

Now she gazed down at her tits. As she looked, as if her vision 
were gently caressing her, her nipples began to grow and stiffen. 


She cupped her tits in her hands,lifting the plump tits and 
pushing them together into deep cleavage. Cupping her tits in her 

palms and fingers, she began to seep her thumbs back and forth 
across the nips. 

She was starting slowly. Mary hadn't yet decided what to think 
about, what fantasy to employ while she worked on her hot cunt. 

Usually she thought about Jimmy Wilson or George Hubble. They 
were the best-looking boys at her school.But sometimes she liked 
to think about nameless strangers. Sometimes she fantasized about 

more than one nameless stranger at once, imagining what it would 
be like to have two or three horny young men fondling her at the 
same time. 

She had even pretended that she had sneaked into a monastery 
where monks had been without women for years, and she had 
fantasized about a jailbreak, when a dozen escaped convicts who'd 

had nothing better than their own fists for their long 
incarcerations raped her. 

Mary was a normal heterosexual girl. 

She had never thought about doing anything naughty with another 
girl---yet. 

Nor had she ever thought about fucking with an animal. Like, say, 

a ram...Yet there had been a nagging sensation, a dark thrill 
that was not yet knowledge the last time she had fondled Rocky 
the Ram. Mary had felt the sexuality of the potent beast. His 
powerful muscles had trembled and vibrated under her hands and 
his head had tossed about as he snorted with vague significance. 

The girl had become sexually aroused and had to rub herself off 
three times afterwards before she was satiated. Yet she was still 
innocent and did not realize that it was the ram who had turned 
her on. 

And perhaps the ram had not yet realized why his balls had 
bloated and his big prick tensed as Mary petted him. 

Both girl and ram sensed what they did not yet realize... 

Mary squirmed on the fallen tree, the rough bark stimulating her 
juicy pussy. 

She lifted her tits higher and ducked her head lower, pushing her 

tongue out. She began to lick her stiff nipples. She was lucky, 
she thought, that her tits were big enough so she could mouth her 

own nips. She would be even luckier when she got some handsome 
boy to do it for her, she figured. She lapped away, her face 
turning as she switched back and forth from taut tip to tip. Then 

she gently slurped one nipple into her lips and began to nurse. 
Her nipples seemed to explode in her lips. 

She switched to the other. It was like a stick of dynamite. 

The rippling thrill ran through her tits and rushed down her 
belly and swirled in waves in her crotch. She could feel her clit 

expand just like the nipples. She wished that she were agile 
enough to get her head down there and tongue her sparking clit. 

But she knew that she couldn't. She had tried once. She had sat 
on the edge of her bed and bent down as far as she could go, but 
her tongue had fallen just short--- frustratingly short--- of her 

creamy cunt. Then she had leaned back and had thrown her ass and 
hips up, her feet over her head, and had tried to get at her 
tasty-looking pussy that way. But she had failed by inches again. 

Her cunt, just over her eager upturned face, had fluttered and 
the cuntlips had unfurled and a drop of hot cuntjuice had fallen 
right onto her straining tongue. Mary had let it run around on 
her tastebuds for a moment, finding it delicious, then had 
swallowed it down. 

Her failure had left her pussy smoldering. Her fingers had done 
the job but she still yearned for a nimble tongue to lave her 
cunt. 

Mary mouthed her tits and nipples for some time, growing hotter 
by the second. 

Then she hiked her ass up from the log and drew her dress up 
above the waist. Parting her sleek thighs, she gazed down at her 
pussy. She was very fond of her cunt because her pussy gave her 
so much pleasure and was looking forward to the day when her cunt 

would be giving someone else pleasure at the same time. 

Her cuntlips were unfurled like the petals of a fleshy pink 
flower, opening to the morning sunlight and still streaked with 
pearly dew. Her pussy had opened and was flooded with cuntjuice. 
The darker inner flesh was streaked with fuck cream and her clit 
button stood out in a taut nugget. 

Not touching herself with her hands yet, the oversexed farm girl 
caressed her cunt with her vision. She licked her lips. She began 

running the tips of her fingers slowly up the velvety flesh of 
her inner thighs, teasing herself, stopping just short of her 
pussy. She wriggled on the log, starting to pant. Her fingers 
traced up the creased folds where her legs joined her pelvis, 
running parallel to her steaming cunt. 

She flicked a fingertip over her clit. She shuddered all over 
with the sensation. Bringing her hand up to her lips,she 
moistened her fingertips with spit, then flicked them over her 
clit bud again. When she brought them back to her mouth, she 
could taste her own delicious cuntjuice. She was starting to 
really squirm by this time. Her slender back arched, her fat tits 

thrusting out. She looked past those looming tit globes as she 
eyed her pussy. She began to fondle her cunt with both hands. 

With one hand she stroked her turbulent clit. with the other, 
tilting her wrist, she slowly and steadily fucked three stiffened 

fingers in and out of the hole. Her cunt sucked on her fingers, 
the inner muscles contracting as her hole dragged and pulled. 

Her love button expanded and fluttered. Her eyes had narrowed and 

her lips parted, her pretty young face contorted into a mask of 
pure passion. She was panting like a steam engine and hot flashes 

ran through her body, melting her loins and shooting like an 
electric current up the smooth flesh of her trembling thighs. 

She was almost ready to cream. She fucked her fingers in steadily 

and strummed her clit as if she were playing a banjo. The wild 
thrill increased, the passion waves coming higher with each 
joyful spasm. 

Just as the horny girl was about to reach the crest, she realized 

she was not alone. She was being watched! "Oh!" she cried, 
blushing with embarrassment. 

Her hands stopped moving. She was about to pull her dress down to 

conceal her creamy shame. She looked about frantically, wondering 

who was watching her. Was it one of the farm-hands or, worse, her 

daddy? 

Then she saw the eyes that were fixed upon her. They were golden 
eyes. Rocky the Ram was watching the horny girl masturbate... 

Mary's first feeling was relief. 

It would have been mortifying to have a human see what she had 
been doing, but the ram was only a dumb animal. 

Yet she still felt embarrassed. 

Animal or not, he was giving her a very strange sort of look. Did 
a ram know about handjobs? They certainly weren't equipped for 
such things, not with those cloven hooves. But did they 
understand how talented a hand with an opposing thumb was? Did 
Rocky realize Mary was doing something sexual? 

The girl still felt embarrassed. 

And she still felt horny, too. She had been just about to come 
when she had been interrupted. With her orgasm stopped at the 
last moment, her cunt was steaming and her clit was throbbing 
with a terrible immediacy. 

She wished that the ram would wander off so that she could finish 

her handjob. 

She just couldn't bring herself to continue while those golden 
eyes were fixed upon her. 

Then Rocky stepped out of the bushes and slowly advanced towards 
the frustrated girl, a speculative look in his elliptical eyes. 
He was stepping lightly, almost gingerly, placing his cloven 
hooves with care. 

Mary noticed that his prick was semi-hard. 

She supposed that the ram was out looking for a plump sheep to 
fuck. Why else would his cock be getting hard? Surely it could 
have nothing to do with her. 

Rocky moved up and stopped just in front of her, dipping his big 
horned head down and pawing the earth. Mary began to stroke his 
hairy neck. She could feel the pulse beat there, drumming 
steadily. His whole body seemed vibrant, and the girl could not 
help but gaze under his belly and look at his cock. 

She saw that his dark-grey balls were like inflated balloons, 
full of sap. His prick stuck out in a great loop, not really 
rampant yet but coiling from his loins, the knob starting to 
squeeze out from the woolly sheath. His cockhead was dark, almost 
black, a startling contrast to his fleecy white coat and woolly 
stalk. His cock was a lot bigger than a human prick, she 
calculated, for although she had never had anything to do with a 
human prick she didn't think that a cock that big would fit in a 
pair of trousers. 

She stroked the ram's hairy flank. 

His cock quivered, hardening more. 

Mary had an unholy urge to touch the ram's prick. 

She wanted to find out what a cock felt like. 

But she struggled against the urge, knowing that touching a prick 

was a very naughty thing to do. The ram stepped sideways, his 
hind-quarters turning as if he realized what she was thinking and 

was presenting his prick to her. 

Mary shook her head, shuddering. 

No! I won't touch him there! she thought. 

She closed her eyes to lessen the temptation, for his prick was a 

sightly slab of cockmeat. 

She felt the ram's breath billow over her bare tits, then waft 
over her thighs. 

Although her dress was still hiked up above her waist, she had 
closed her legs. But, as she felt the ram's breath bathe her 
loins, her thighs trembled and very slowly parted. It couldn't be 
really naughty just to let the brute breathe on her, she thought. 
Just to see what hot breath felt like on hot cunt, just 

out of curiosity---harmless curiosity. 

That breath billowed into her groin. 

Then the ram thrust his muzzle in and began to nibble very 
lightly at her pussy. 

Mary gasped. 

She started to push his head away, then stopped because that 
gentle nibbling felt awfully good! It was amazing how soft the 
beast's lips were as they pulled so tenderly on her overheated 
flesh. She felt her cuntlips ripple and spread. Her clit sparked. 
The ram's soft tongue began to slurp right up her wet pussy. 

Mary realized suddenly that she would be able to have an orgasm 
if she let the ram keep nuzzling her. 

She knew she ought to stop him. 

But she had been longing for the feeling of a tongue on her 
pussy, and that long, hot, soft tongue felt absolutely wonderful. 

She didn't have the heart to stop the beast as he licked her 
pussy. She opened her eyes, staring down, watching his tongue 
lave her creamy cunt. She wailed, dizzy with lust. She folded one 
hand in his long flowing beard and wrapped the other fist around 
one of his heavy curved horns, as if to hold him in place. 

But Rocky did not need to be held there--- he was savoring the 
taste of human cunt, just starting to get the idea that a human 
female had the same sort of cunt that a sheep had. He was 
wondering if that pussy could be used for the same purpose. 

"Oh---oh---oh!"  Mary gasped. 

The thrill was racing through her cunt again. She clung to his 
horns and beard and her hips began to pump. Her belly heaved and 

her juicy ass churned about on the log as she worked her cunt 
around on the ram's snout. Ribbons of cuntjuice poured down her 
crotch. The ram lapped the sweet fuck juice up. Trickles seeped 
down into the taut crack of her ass and the ram's tongue slid up, 

gathering the cuntjuice from her ass and then sweeping on up her 
crotch and over her clit. 

Mary arched her back. 

Her bonnet fell off. 

Her knees rose up and she clamped her smooth thighs around the 
ram's mighty shoulders as she ground her crotch around in his 
face and on his sweeping tongue. 

She was doing a wicked thing, a sinful thing. But the thrill was 

all the greater because of that! 

Then the thrill was as great as it could get. 

Long lateral waves of lust passed across her belly and met the 
electric current that sped up her thighs, the separate spasms 
meeting in a surging storm in her cunt. 

Mary was coming. 

The thrills came faster and higher, running through her in such 
rapid sequence that soon they were merging together. One 
prolonged height of bliss seemed to racked her cunt. 

Her cuntjuice gushed out in a deluge. 

Rocky lapped the fuck juice up with relish. 

At long last her orgasm ended. She stopped thrashing about. Her 
pussy still tingled in the aftermath of her climax. The ram 
continued to lap and nibble at her cunt as if to make sure that 
he had worked off every spasm and lapped up every drop of fuck 
juice. 

Then he raised his head and gazed at the young girl with a 
curious expression. 

Mary was blushing furiously. Even though he was only a dumb 
animal who probably didn't even know what he had just done, she 
could not help but be embarrassed at having allowed a ram to 
tongue her cunt to climax. 

Yet it had been wonderful and, even as she blushed with the shame 

of it, she was wondering if the ram had enjoyed licking her pussy 

enough to want to tongue her cunt again. Lots of times. 

He had certainly seemed to relish her pussy. 

Now she noticed that his huge prick was completely erect, the 
dark knob throbbing and flaring and the woolly white shaft so 
taut that his whole cock was almost humming like a tuning fork. 

Obviously the ram had gotten horny while he had lapped her cunt. 

The poor brute was feeling frustrated now. 

Mary knew what frustration was. 

And Mary was always kind to animals. 

It was only natural that the innocent young girl should think 
about jerking the ram off to relieve him, milking his fat prick 
out of gratitude and kindness. 

It was an act of charity, nothing else. 

But she had to admit that the idea thrilled her. 

Rocky the ram was confused by his frustration, for this situation 

was as new to him as it was to Mary. Lapping her juicy cunt had 
been a natural thing to do and getting a hard-on during that 
tasty snack was also natural, but now the ram was confused. 

Mary had a hot cunt, but she was not a sheep. Rocky had never 
fucked anything but a sheep before and he wasn't sure if such 
things were possible, if the fuck could be arranged, if his prick 

would fit up her cunt. If the girl had got down on her hands and 

knees, the situation would have been less alien to the lusty 
brute and he most likely would have mounted her. But since she 
was still seated on the fallen tree, facing him, the dumb animal 
had no idea how to proceed. 

Mary was wondering how to go about it, herself. 

She had made up her mind that she was going to jack the ram off, 
half convincing herself that she was doing it strictly out of 
kindness and not because her hands were itching for a feel of 
that robust cock or because her eyes yearned to see the jism 
spurt from his prick. But she wasn't sure how to approach the 
task. Mary had never had a cock in her hand before, not even a 
human cock. She had a pretty good idea how it was done but she 
wasn't sure how to get at the beast or where to aim his load. 
Should she jack him off from behind--- from the root of his 
prick--- so that the stuff flew away from her? Or should she jack 
his cock from the front and let the brute come on her? 

She decided to play it by ear, to start jacking from halfway up 
the prick and see where her inclinations led her. 

The ram was twitching and stamping his feet. 

His big horns swept up and down as if he were trying to 
demonstrate the sort of stroking motion that his cock required. 

Mary slid down from the log. 

She was kneeling now, closer to a fucking position, but Rocky was 

still uncertain. For one thing, she was kneeling only on her hind 
legs and for another she was facing him. The very idea of fucking 
face to face seemed totally weird. 

Mary began stroking his flank. 

She was delaying, struggling with last minute inhibitions. Yet 
she wanted to touch his cock so much that it frightened her. She 

wondered how sinful it would be. She wondered what the preacher 
would think about such things. Was it hellfire and damnation 
stuff, or was it just a little harmless and enjoyable amusement? 

It wasn't, she reasoned, as if she were actually fucking an 
animal. A hand wasn't a cunt. She had often stroked and petted 
her pet ram before, and just because she happened to be stroking 
a different part of his body didn't really seem to make it that 
much different--- or so she told herself. 

His cock was throbbing. 

She slid a hand under him, palm upward, and cupped his balls. She 
gave a little gasp as she felt how packed full of cum they were. 
She lifted them slightly, as if trying to guess the weight 

of the hot load. She was thrilled to feel his hard balls shift 
inside the dark sac. 

She slowly slid her hand up along the fleecy stalk. 

His cock pulsed and rippled. 

She fingered the underside of his cockhead, causing his prick-
knob to flare out and throb with urgency. 

The ram had turned his horned head sideways, watching his 
mistress with his elliptical eyes, amazed to realize that human 
hands could caress a cock as no hoof could ever do. He was 
starting to understand that there were things that could be done 
with humans that might be as much fun as fucking. 

The ram was quite content to play a passive role and let the girl 

do what she would, as long as what she did felt as good as it 
felt at the moment. 

Mary fingered his cockhead, fascinated by the rubbery texture, 
like a lump of hot iron encased in taut elastic. 

The cleft parted and Mary gasped when she saw the frothy pre-cum 
bubbling in the gap. 

She was eager to milk him off and see that lovely cum hose out of 

his huge prick, to feel his cock throb in her hands as he came. 
She cupped both hands around his prick, just below the cock-
crown, gripping his prick as if his cock were a club. She began 
to stroke him up and down, her hands just skimming lightly over 
the woolly cocksheath at first, then tightening her grip so that 
she was moving his foreskin back and forth. 

The fleecy pelt curled up over the ledge behind his prick-knob on 

the upstroke, then drew back taut, causing his meaty cockhead to 
flare out naked and throbbing. More pre-cum bubbled out, 
sparkling on the dark meat of his cock-crown, running in sticky 
ribbons down the slope of the big slab of prick. His cockhead 
seemed to be burning like a coal now, almost starting to smoke. 

Mary was still kneeling beside him, at right angles to his cock 
and bloated balls. 

She began to inch forwards. 

She refused to admit to herself what her intentions were, but 
naughty little Mary wanted the ram to shoot on her body. Her 
dress still gaped open, exposing her heaving tits, and the hem 
was still drawn up, revealing her steaming cunt. The girl was 
eager to feel a load of ram jism spurt onto her heated flesh. 

She moved up until she was kneeling beside the ram's burly 
shoulder, both hands pulling and pushing up and down his prick. 
His cockhead was looming out right in her face. 

She stared at that pulsating wedge of cockmeat, trembling 
violently, as if in sympathetic vibration with the huge prick 
which was trembling so energetically in her hands. 

Mary was licking her lips. 

Oh, no! She thought! No, she would never lick an animal's cock! 

Jacking him off, she had convinced herself, was harmless enough 
and a simple kindness. And letting him lap her cunt hadn't really 
been a sexual act. But it would be too depraved to even dream of 
using her tongue on his cock! 

But how delicious his prick looked! 

She wondered what cock would taste like. 

With mint sauce, would his prick taste like mutton? Did cocks 
have a distinctive flavor? 

Her mouth was watering. 

Would a ram's prick taste like a human prick? Would a ram's cum 
taste like a man's? But she had never licked or sucked a man's 
cock, and she had never tasted jism, so there was no way that 
Mary could tell the difference. 

She shook her head as if to clear her thoughts. 

She wanted very much to push her tongue out and take a lick. She 

struggled against the unholy impulse, determined not to yield to 
such utter depravity. 

Her hands pumped faster. 

Rocky had started to hump now, his mighty haunches bunching with 
muscle, fucking his cock in and out, fucking her between her 
hands and pushing his cockhead out almost into her face. 

Mary could tell he was ready to shoot. 

Did she realize that, positioned as she was in relationship to 
the head of his prick, that the brute was going to hose her face 
with his steaming load? 

She pretended she intended to have the ram shoot on her tits. She 
arched her back and thrust those plump tits out, ready to receive 
his squirting cum. 

But her lips were parted, too. 

Her pink tongue was slowly sliding back and forth across her 
lips. Her face was glazed with lust as she knelt directly in 
front of the ram's prick. Her eyes crossed, turning inward as she 
fixed her gaze on the head of his cock, staring at his prick in 
fascination, waiting for his cock to erupt with his volcanic 
coming. 

Rocky was humping vigorously now and her hands were fairly flying 

up and down on his fucking cock, pulling up to his prick-knob, 
pushing back towards his ballooning balls. His head was thrust 
out over her shoulder, the long beard trailing down her back. 

She felt his prick give a great lurch. 

The ram bellowed. 

His balls seemed to explode and his cockshaft spread out as the 
thick sap rushed up. Mary gasped and pumped back on his prick. 

A great geyser of cum spurted from his cock-knob. The creamy jism 
hosed Mary's face. 

Cum splashed all over her chin and her cheeks and a ribbon of 
slime ran across her parted lips--- where her tongue was sliding. 
Mary wailed with joy and kept on pumping his prick. He squirted a 
second mighty stream of hot cum into her face. The jism was 
running over her arched tongue and sliding back into her mouth. 
His third spurt, coming under reduced pressure, fell short of her 
face and dropped onto her heaving tits. 

That was what she had intended in the first place, Mary told 
herself. 

The first two spurts in her face had been a mistake, an accident. 
She convinced herself that she had simply misjudged the angle, 
and a girl could not be blamed for getting a face full of animal 
jism by accident. Yet, even as she rationalized that, her lips 
were still parted and her hot little tongue continued to lap up 
the hot spunk. 

She kept stroking his cock, and he shot another dose of jism onto 
her tits. The head of his cock began to bob up and down and 
soften slightly. But cum was still pouring out. Mary gave a 
little squeal and dropped onto her back, squirming under the 
brute. She raised her knees and took the head of his prick 
between her thighs and massaged his cock-knob, milking out the 
last of his spunk with her knees. 

The stuff poured down the insides of her smooth thighs and pooled 
up in her cunt. 

Her cuntjuice gushed out to mingle with the ram jism. Mary was so 
hot that she didn't know if she had come or not. Her fuck juices 
had certainly flowed, but that draining did nothing to reduce the 
surging lust in her cunt. 

His cock had stopped dripping now and her legs fell away. She 
rested there, spread-eagled in the grass, her whole body heaving 
as she panted with wild passion. 

The ram sidestepped away from her body. 

He looked thunderstruck, amazed that human hands could have 
brought such pleasure to him. 

His big prick had only softened slightly, enough to bob up and 
down. However, his cock had hardly diminished in size at all. 

Mary gazed at his cock and realized that the ram was not yet 
satisfied, despite shooting all that cum. 

And she knew damned well that, whether she had come or not, she 
was not satisfied either. 

She wondered if she should jerk him off again. 

As she thought about it, her tongue continued to glide across her 
creamy lips, lapping up cum. The girl suddenly blinked, as if she 
had just realized what she was doing, that she had swallowed a 
mouthfull of ram spunk. And the stuff was delicious! She didn't 
know if ram jism tasted like human cum, but she couldn't see how 
any cum could taste any better! 

She knew it was very naughty to drink animal spunk. 

But since she had already done it--- although it had happened by 
mistake, of course--- it didn't seem to be any more wicked to 
finish the job. She lapped her lips clean and then leaned down 
and began to tongue the congealing jism off her fat tits and 
stiff nipples. 

The more cum she slurped up, the hungrier it made her. Jism was 
like an appetizer, she realized. Licking cum up was making her 
ravenous for more, for a whole load! And if the stuff was so 
delicious second hand, just imagine how wonderful it would be if 
she were to swallow a whole load straight out of the ram's prick! 

She eyed that tasty cockmeat. 

She blushed the shame at her own desires and shuddered with the 
joyful anticipation. 

Mary was able to rationalize these things. 

Having already swallowed some ram cum, her sins would not be 
compounded if she swallowed some more of the stuff. And if the 
ram's big prick just happened to be in her mouth when he shot his 

wad, that was merely a convenience, so that she wouldn't spill a 
drop. 

Mary decided to suck the ram off. 

She knew there was a danger that she would feel terribly guilty 
and ashamed of herself afterwards, but at the moment Mary was so 
eager to suck on a mouthful of prick that she wasn't about to let 
such considerations prevent her pleasure. 

She had often wondered what it would be like to suck a cock and 
to have that cock shoot in her mouth. 

She had always thought of sucking a human cock, to be sure, but 
the ram's cock was a welcome substitute. She already knew how 
succulent his cum was. 

One of the things she wanted to ask her naughty friend, Lulu May, 
was what it was like to give a blowjob, assuming that Lulu May 
had done it and was willing to talk about it. Now Mary figured to 
get some cocksucking experience of her own. 

She sat up. 

Cupping her plump tits in her hands she lifted them to her face 
and tongued up the last residue of spunk from her tits and 
cleavage and sucked some from her nipples. Her crotch was awash 
with more of the lovely stuff and once again the girl wished that 
she was limber enough to get her mouth onto her cunt. She scooped 
a handful of cum and cuntjuice up and lapped it from her fingers 
and palm. 

Then Mary turned onto her hands and knees. 

She began to crawl towards Rocky on all fours. 

This was a position that Rocky understood--- and her velvety 
haunches looked every bit as mountable as any fleecy sheep's. 

The ram started to sidestep, trying to circle around behind the 
girl so that he could mount her properly and throw a ram-style 
fucking into her juicy pussy. 

But Mary turned with him. 

Rocky halted, his big head swaying from side to side in 
confusion. He could sense that the girl was hot for sex. Why was 
she keeping her head turned towards him? Why didn't she let him 
get behind her so that they could fuck properly? 

He moved sideways again. 

She turned with him again, advancing. 

Rocky halted. He was perplexed. He had been astounded when she 
made him come with her hands and he was an intelligent sort of 
brute. He realized that maybe there were more mysterious delights 
involved in fucking with humans. 

Mary crawled in face first, smiling. 

Her mouth was open and her tongue pushed out. 

The ram realized that a human mouth, open like that, was quite 
similar to a cunt. He could see that it would be possible to fuck 
a girl in the mouth quite satisfactorily. But he couldn't figure 
out why the girl would want to fuck that way. 

Did she want him to shoot in her mouth? 

He'd seen her licking her lips, and she certainly seemed to enjoy 
drinking his jism. 

Maybe a human mouth was an erotic instrument, a fuck zone unknown 
to the limited mind of a sheep? 

Whatever--- Rocky was willing. 

Rams have no sense of morals. 

Rocky didn't even know that he was participating in the terrible 
perversion of bestiality. 

But Mary knew. 

And it thrilled her all the more because it was so wicked! 

She crawled up to the ram, watching his prick sway slightly from 
side to side and jolt up to a new hardness. She curled up onto 
her flank, one knee raised, her face just in front of his 
cockhead. She gazed at the tasty slab of dark cockmeat, 
anticipating the pleasure she was going to have when she sucked 
his prick. 

Her mouth watered at the sight. 

Rocky stood stiff-legged and rigid, waiting to see what new 
delights the horny young girl had in store for him. 

She leaned in and her tongue fluttered out. 

She licked lightly at the tip of his hot prick, then drew back to 
let the meaty flavor tingle on her tastebuds, to appreciate that 
first taste of cock. 

It was yummy! 

Ohhhh, she thought, this is going to be fun! Ducking in again, 
the cock-hungry girl began to run her hot tongue all over his 
glistening meat, laving and licking and slurping on the succulent 
slab. His prick-knob ballooned in her face. She pushed the tip of 
her tongue right up inside his parted cleft. 

Then she began to sweep with long moist strokes around the fat 
width of the ram's cock-knob, lavishing his meat with devout 
attention. The more she licked the hungrier she became. She was 
eager for the beast to shoot in her mouth, but she was in no real 
hurry because she was enjoying the taste of the cockmeat that 
came before the creamy jizz. 

A thick drop of pre-cum squeezed from his cleft. 

She watched it run sluggishly down the slope of his cockhead. 
Then she gathered the drop up with her tongue and purred with 
joy. She had figured right--- cum was even more delicious when 
lapped up from a prick! 

She tongued his cock some more and lapped up another glob of 
slimy pre-cum. 

Now she figured that it was time to take the head of his cock 
into her mouth and suck him to a climax. 

She felt an actual physical hunger for his cock and cum, along 
with the more subtle inner urge that was driving her towards this 
depraved act. 

Her mouth was salivating every bit as much as her cunt was 
creaming, and her tongue felt as hot as her clit. 

Pursing her lips, she kissed the tip of his prick. Then she let 
her lips slowly part and fed his cockmeat into her mouth. 

The ram gave a little lurch as she felt his cockhead buried in a 
human mouth and discovered that it felt every bit as good as any 
cunt he had ever fucked. He didn't start fucking her face yet, 
however. He was willing to let the girl take the initiative, 
introducing him to the strange, bizarre and wonderful human 
activity called cocksucking. 

Mary was learning the joys of cocksucking at the same time. 

She sucked softly, her cheeks hollowing in, her lips collaring 
his cock just behind the knob. His cockhead flared out so huge 
that the sides of his prickhead pressed into both of her cheeks 
at the same time, giving her the look of a squirrel with a 
mouthful of nuts. Her lips unpeeled, almost turning inside out as 
she nursed on his succulent cockmeat. 

Her tongue switched back and forth against the underside of his 
cockhead, then folded into a soft, pliable bridge as she bobbed 
her head up and down, fucking his cock-knob in and out of her 
mouth and sucking on every precious inch. 

"Ummmm---ummm---ummm," she purred, relishing the taste, the 
temperature, the texture. 

She was salivating heavily. 

The ram's prick had started to drool steadily, his thick cock 
slime mixing with the girl's saliva. The mingled juices flowed 
around in her mouth, washed over her gums, and set her tongue 
afloat on a sluggish current of fuck juice. Some slipped down her 
gullet. 

She was holding his prick in both hands now, not pumping his 
prick because she wanted to do it all with her mouth. She pushed 
back on his sheath so that his massive cockhead flared out in her 
lips. As her head bobbed back, about half of that big meaty prick 
slipped from her mouth. Cum and saliva steamed from the hot 
cockmeat, evaporating in the air as she worked hungrily on the 
tip. Then she ducked down and took all of the cock into her mouth 
again, her nose twitching as it came into contact with the curled 
rim of his woolly sheath. 

The ram began to fuck gently, not the way he would have lustily 
fucked a cunt. He calmly fucked his bloated cockhead in and out. 
The dripping tip of the prick lodged in her throat, causing her 
to gag, then drew out until only the very end remained collared 
between her lips. 

Her tongue was bridged under the slab, a pink carpet over which 
his prick could fuck triunphantly into her throat. She was 
gurgling with joy, the moist sounds muffled on his cockmeat. The 
knowledge struck her as much as the physical sensations. She was 
getting fucked in the mouth by an animal! The depravity, the 
degradation, the wickedness all enhanced the thrill. 

"Unghhh," she gasped as the huge wad of his cockhead slipped into 
her gullet, cutting off her air. 

Then she purred while the cockmeat fucked between her pursed 
lips, pulling them almost inside out. She sucked on the tip, 
milking tasty cum from his cleft. 

"She sighed, "Ahhhhh." 

Rocky began to quiver violently. 

His cock-knob ballooned in her mouth, and, sighting down his 
prick, Mary saw his balls swell alarmingly. 

He was about to shoot in her mouth! 

A ram was going to unload his cock and balls in her mouth, and 
she was going to drink it! Fiery waves of pure passion raced 
through the girl. She trembled in anticipation as much as the 
beast. Her lips pulled, her cheeks dragged, her tongue flashed. 

Suddenly her mouth was full of cum. 

The jet hit her throat with such force that her head was tilted 
back, her golden curls bouncing, her blue eyes opening wide in 
surprise. The ram almost blew her head right off the end of his 
prick. Mary stiffened and pushed her face back onto his spurting 
cockmeat, fighting against the tide of his river of cum with all 
the strength she could muster. 

She mouthed his prick-knob again as he hosed her mouth with 
another squirt. The cum-starved girl was gulping the fuck juice 
down as fast as she could, but the beast's load was too much for 
her. She couldn't manage to swallow it all. Cum filled her mouth, 
expanded her cheeks and, overflowing her lips, ran down both 
sides of her chin. 

She kept sucking voraciously. 

Rocky kept spurting jism out. 

Her mouth had been more effective than her hands, and he was 
coming with more abundance than he had when she'd jacked him off. 
His balls seemed to be bottomless, spinning out in an endless 
supply of hot jism. 

At last he stopped spurting. 

He stood, splay-legged, his head bobbing up and down over her 
shoulder, his flanks heaving in and out. 

His prick was still in her mouth. 

Mary nursed on his cock, milking out every last drop of his cock 
slime. She used her hands to stroke his prick. Her lips pulled 
and her tongue flared as she made sure she had gotten every 
precious drop. 

She pulled her mouth away and his dark cockhead bobbed up and 
down before her face. She used her tongue to lap his prick clean, 
polishing the solid piece of cockmeat until his prick-knob 
gleamed with a wet luster like some tasty dark pearl. 

Then she sat back on her heels. 

Now that the act was over, the cocksucking accomplished and the 
cum swallowed, Mary wondered how she felt about it. 

She had expected to be ashamed of herself, to have to suffer 
self-recrimination and remorse. She had been willing to suffer 
such regrets, in fact, figuring that the delicious feast of cum 
was worth it. But now she felt nothing of the sort. With the 
taste of the ram's succulent cockmeat and delectable jism still 
lingering on her tastebuds and lips, still warming her gullet and 
belly, Mary felt no regrets at all. 

She looked up at the ram. There was a dazed look in his eyes, as 
if he had been completely drained and fucked-out by the 
tremendous force of the climax Mary had given him with her mouth. 

The ram stared back at her, his golden eyes fixed speculatively 
upon her blue eyes. 

Mary grinned with delight when she realized that she could look 
the beast directly in the eye and feel no embarrassment. 

She doubted she could have done that with a human whom she had 
just given a blowjob to. 

There were, she saw, enormous benefits in having sex with dumb 
animals. 

And now naughty little Mary, with the taste of cum still 
lingering in her mouth, began to wonder what else she might enjoy 
doing with the hot ram. 

Mary wondered if she should let the ram fuck her. 

Was getting fucked in the cunt by an animal more sinful than 
getting fucked in the mouth? She wasn't sure. It certainly didn't 
seem any naughtier, but such things were hard to judge. 

She wondered, too, if a girl could lose her virginity to an 
animal. Was it the mere fact of having a prick up a girl that 
divested her of her cherry, or did that prick have to be attached 
to a human being? 

Maybe an animal cock was like using a dildo or a sausage or 
something. That would be handy, no doubt of that. A girl could 
get all the animal cock she wanted and still retain her purity. 
She couldn't be sure about it and realized that, for the sake of 
convenience, she might well be stretching a point. 

But the thought of having Rocky's massive cock fucking in and out 
of her pussy was awfully exciting. 

The ram, having come twice now, no longer felt horny. 

He was grazing, big-horned head down. His cock was semi-hard now, 
looping out in a fat curve, sweeping down from his loins. The 
dark-gray tip glistened with the polished luster that the girl's 
mouth had put on it. 

He eyed the girl as he grazed. 

His balls had been nicely emptied. But, still, who knew what 
other treats the girl might have in store for him? Not desperate 
with need now, the stout creature was nevertheless willing to 
perform whatever other strange human perversions might arise. 

And Mary felt pretty certain that a few strokes or a lick would 
soon have his cockmeat stiff again. 

But should she do such a naughty thing? 

Blowing the beast had made the girl as hot as she had ever been 
in her life, and her inhibitions were flagging, but still she 
could not make up her mind. Fucking a ram was not the sort of 
thing that an innocent young virgin took lightly. 

Mary might not have pondered the question so deeply had she 
realized that such things were not so uncommon as one might 
suppose, and, in fact, there was a family tradition of animal 
fucking... 

Early that morning, Bess Wilson, Mary's mother, had woke up 
feeling like a nice bit of prick. Bess was a good-looking woman. 
Years of hard living on the farm had not wasted her, as it often 
did with farmer's wives. Her skin was tanned but not leathery, 
she wore her hair tied back in a prim bun but it was still soft, 
and hard work had not made her scrawny, but had rather made her 
shapely. She had an hour-glass figure, wide hips and big tits 
around a narrow waist. 

She came awake all of a sudden, with the sharp realization that 
she was horny as hell. 

She rested on her back and stared at the ceiling for awhile. 

Her husband, Clem, had not fucked her for nearly a month now, as 
near as she could recall. He seldom had the energy to fuck. Clem 
labored in the fields six days a week, long and hard. On Sundays 
he relaxed but, being a religious man, he believed that it was a 
sin to fuck on the Sabbath, even when fucking his lawfully wedded 
wife. 

Bess had made other arrangements. 

But when she was feeling fuckable, she always, being a devoted 
wife, gave her husband first crack at her cunt. 

Clem had started to stir beside her in bed now. 

It was not yet dawn, for the farmer's day started early, and Bess 
hoped there was time for a fuck. She reached out and cupped her 
husband's cock and balls. His prick was soft and his balls were 
shriveled. She began to fondle his cock and was rewarded by a 
twitch in his prick and a slight swelling in his balls. He 
groaned in semi-slumber. 

Bess would have liked to suck his prick up nice and hard. She 
knew that a little sucking was guaranteed to stiffen even a 
fatigued cock. In her youth, before she was wed, Bess had been 
known as the best blower in seven counties and few were the local 
lads who had not had head from her. But Clem didn't know that. 
She had never given him a blow job. 

She had started to go down on him on their wedding night. 

Clem had been scandalized. 

"That's whorish behavior," he told her. 

Bess had batted her eyes and looked innocent and said, "Oh, I 
thought that was what wives were expected to do." 

"Naw, you got that wrong, woman," he said, calmed by her obvious 
innocence. 

"That's a perversion and a blasphemy." 

So bess hadn't blowed Clem. 

She judged it wouldn't be wise to tell him that she had sucked 
the cocks of countless boys. 

In the early days of their marriage, their sex life had been 
adequate, for Clem was lusty enough and not yet worn out by years 
of hard labor. He had fucked her almost every night, but only in 
the missionary position and only in the cunt, to be sure, but she 
was relatively satisfied. But their fucking had fallen off 
drastically after awhile and soon Clem was only screwing her once 
a month or so. 

Bess had considered taking a lover. 

But she knew that adultery was a sin. 

So she started fucking animals instead. 

Just as Clem's cock was starting to get nice and hard, he gave a 
lurch and sat up in bed. 

Bess smiled at him. 

He stared down at his cock, which was in her hand. 

"Good God, woman!" he said. 

"Clem?" 

"It's morning! Only a whore would fondle a man's member in the 
cold gray light of dawn!" 

"But I'm feeling horny, Clem," she insisted. 

Clem hopped out of bed, scrawny as a scarecrow, his arms and legs 
flopping about like a disjointed puppet and his cock sticking 
straight out. He was staring down at that hard-on with a look of 
horror and revulsion on his face. He figured it was a sin to have 
a hard-on at dawn. What sort of pervert was he wed to? And it was 
Saturday, to boot--- the Sabbath but one day away! 

Clem ignored his hard-on and got dressed. 

Bess sighed. 

She got up and made breakfast. Her pussy was like a smoldering 
ember between her shapely thighs. Clem stared at her sadly as he 
chewed his flapjacks. She could tell that he was having thoughts 
of Sodom and Gomorrah. She wouldn't have minded a nice bit of 
sodomy, herself. But she knew it was useless to persist. She was 
thankful That she had worked out alternative arrangements. 

Clem stomped off to the fields, his hogwasher overalls flapping 
around his skinny shanks. 

A little later sweet little Mary went out to wander around 
innocently, looking like an adorable golden doll in her dress and 
bonnet. 

Bess, dutiful wife that she was, cleaned up the breakfast table 
and did her morning chores. 

Then she went out to the barn. 

Ringo the bull was standing in his stall. 

He was a massive black brute, horned and horny. All the farmers 
for miles around fetched their cows over to be fucked by Ringo 
and never once had the bovine brute failed. 

He had never failed Bess either. 

When the woman walked into the shadowed barn, the bull raised his 
huge head, the ring in his nose glinting. His wide nostrils 
flared and, scenting her sexual heat, his prick rippled. 

The bull was not as intelligent or as imaginative as Rocky the 
ram and it had never dawned on him that fucking a human was a 
perversion. He merely thought of Bess as a cow and himself as a 
fucking machine. 

Bess stood back and regarded the bull wistfully for a moment. She 
wondered sometimes if it was wrong to fuck an animal. She knew it 
was not as wrong as adultery would be and so it was justified, 
the lesser of two evils. 

Nothing could be as wrong as a horny, unfucked cunt. 

She stepped into his stall. The bull's big head came around as he 
looked at her. He was slobbering but she didn't mind--- she 
wasn't going to kiss him. She pulled a stool up. It was more 
normally used as a milking stool, but it did just as well for 
milking hot cum out of pricks. 

Sitting on the stool beside his massive flank, Bess reached under 
the brute with both hands and began to pull and fondle his cock 
and balls. She took little pleasure in this. She didn't feel at 
all romantic about the beast, simply regarding him as a city 
woman would regard her cock-shaped vibrator. But still, when she 
felt his massive cockmeat start to tense, then harden, the woman 
felt a rush of hot pleasure. 

Out came the bull's huge cock. 

Longer and longer and fatter and fatter grew the bull's prick. 

Gazing lustfully at that enormous prick, Bess marveled that she 
was able to take that cock up her cunt. The huge prick-knob 
seemed wider than her pelvis, the cockshaft longer than her 
torso. 

Where the hell did the prick go when he fucked her? 

And his balls were big as melons. 

When he shot such a load into her, it was a wonder that she was 
not simply washed away on the tide. 

Thinking of being stuffed brimful of that black cockmeat made her 
cunt steam and cream. Cuntjuice dripped from the rim of the 
stool. She stood up and took her dress off, not wanting to get it 
soaked. Then she sat down and played with his prick some more. 

His cock was iron hard now and pulsating. 

Ringo stood patiently, enjoying her hands. 

He loved her nice tight pussy too. Cows were often sloppy, even 
with his huge cock, but Bess' cunt really pressured his prick and 
sucked. On the whole, Ringo thought that he preferred Bess to 
most any cow. 

The head of his cock had started to dribble. 

Ribbons of milky white jism trickled down the smooth black slope 
of his cockmeat. Bess leaned in and tongued up a mouthful of the 
stuff. She had never sucked the bull off---that would have been 
perverted, she reckoned--- but she did like to drink a little of 
his spunk once in a while. Bess had always adored a mouthful of 
cum back in the days when she was the champion cocksucker of the 
country. Now that she was married to a man who did not believe in 
blowjobs she had to get her cum where she could. Her tongue 
flattened on his cockmeat, slurping upwards, gathering up the 
delicious cock slime onto her tastebuds. 

Her saliva lathered his cockhead in place of his cum. 

Licking that lovely prick was making Bess so hot that she was 
afraid she might come before she got her pussy full, and she 
decided she had better get on with it. Creaming with an empty 
cunt had always seemed a waste to Bess. 

She moved the stool around in front of the bull. 

His cock loomed out, the prick-knob extending all the way up to 
his front legs so that he seemed to stand astride of his cock. 
Bess sat on the stool and positioned her shoulders back against 
the rails of the stall. She needed to be securely supported or 
else she would not be able to wedge that bull's cock up her cunt. 

The stool was just the right height. 

When Bess arched her back and tilted her crotch up, the head of 
the bull's prick nuzzled into her groin. She spread her legs wide 
apart. Reaching down with both hands, she opened her cuntlips 
wide, pulling the fleshy folds over the tip of the bull's prick. 

Then she began to work her cunt down over his cock. 

It was a long slow process, but one that she enjoyed. She shot 
one hip down, then the other, feeding an inch of bull cock into 
her cunt at a time. 

She felt like a boa constrictor devouring a pig. 

The bull's cockhead was halfway up her and she already felt 
stuffed to the brim, but she knew from happy experience that she 
could manage a lot more than that. 

Inch by inch she squirmed down. 

Ringo stood rigid. 

The first time they had fucked he had started to hump her, as he 
would have a cow, but that had been futile. His big, blunt prick 
had battered her away. So he had learned to stand stiff and let 
the woman work his cock-meat into her pussy. 

It made a pleasant change from cud-chewing creatures who stood 
docile as he fucked away. 

"Ummmm," purred Bess as her cunt spread out around that black 
cockhead and her clit rubbed against the smooth prickmeat. She 
was no longer sorry that her husband had declined her offer. She 
had quite rightly given him first crack at her cunt, but the 
bull's cock was a hell of a lot more satisfying than Clem's 
prick. If Clem felt compelled to rush off to plow the fields, 
this plowing was a welcome alternative. 

Suddenly his cock-knob slipped in. 

"Oooooh," she cried. 

Her cuntlips collared his thick cock just behind the crown and 
his big massive prick-knob throbbed within her pussy. His cock 
felt like a white-hot lump of iron inside her belly. Her pussy 
began to work on his cock, the inner muscles tightening in a 
series of concentric rings, sucking on his cockhead just as if 
she had a secret mouth in her cunt. 

She pushed down, taking more cock up her pussy. 

She had never managed to take all of that huge prick in, but she 
knew she could take half, and she worked towards that objective 
now, her belly heaving, her hips pumping, her ass grinding. She 
took inch after inch up her smoldering cunt. 

The huge prick-knob surged in, wedging a passage open, prying and 
levering into the depths of her loins, forging a way for the 
thick cockshaft that followed. Bess squirmed on that huge prick 
like a pig on a spit, roasting over the fires of her own passion. 

She had as much prick up her as she could manage now. 

His cock had bottomed out in her belly. 

She began to turn from side to side, winding her cunt around his 
prick like a nut about a bolt. Slowly her pussy adjusted to 
accommodate that vast bulk. 

She tried a stroke. 

Her cunt was too tight still. 

She squirmed around on his cock some more, lubricating and 
spreading her well-stuffed pussy. When she stroked again, she 
slid up his prick, then back down on the thick cockshaft. Her 
cuntlips turned almost inside out as they dragged up his 
prickmeat, then were stuffed back inside her as she pushed down 
again. The bull began to fuck very gently, sort of swinging his 
prick in and out, meeting her cunt as she slid down. 

Gazing down at her belly, Bess was surprised that she could not 
see the outline of his cock lifted up in a furrow along her 
loins, pushing her innards out of place. A dreamy smile turned 
her lips upwards as she relished that sweet load of hot cockmeat, 
cherished that stout stuffing. 

Her cunt was melting like a wax candle around a flaming wick and 
her clit was going off like a detonator. She moaned and wimpered. 
The bull began to snort, pawing at the floor of the stall with 
one foot, his massive head swaying back and forth as if stunned 
by the sensation. 

Braced against the stall, Bess threw her legs up and hooked her 
knees over his cock, gripping the fat prick between her thighs so 
that she was mounted on his cock like a horizontal flagpole 
sitter. Her ass began to churn wildly now as she increased the 
tempo and Ringo began to fuck his prick in with vigor as they 
began fucking furiously. 

Bess shuddered and came. 

Then she came again. 

Stuffed to the gunwales with throbbing bull prick, the horny 
woman was going off like a machine gun, her orgasms rattling 
through her pussy in volleys. She moaned and wailed and 
whimpered. Her hot fuck juices poured out onto his fucking cock. 
As her pussy lubricated itself, the mighty bull was able to fuck 
into her more fluidly, fucking his prick in faster with every 
stroke. 

Ringo bellowed. 

Bess felt his hot jism squirt into her cunt in a creamy jet. 

Her own multiple orgasm surged to a new peak as she thrilled to 
the joy of being hosed full of cum. 

The bull was coming by the bucketful, dose after dose of hot 
thick cum flooding her. Bess' steaming cuntjuice gushed out to 
blend with the bull's cum. 

At long last the bull's balls were drained. 

His prick began to sway up and down, lifting and lowering the 
woman who was still spiked on the end of his prick. 

Bess continued to squirm as she worked off the last sparks and 
the final drops of her prolonged climax. With her thighs clamped 
around his cock and her knees hooked over, she rode up and down, 
tipping the stool over. Cum and cuntjuice ran down her crotch and 
spread out on the floor like spilled milk. 

His cock began to soften and diminish. 

Bess squirmed off his prick, going out inch by inch, emptying her 
cunt just as she had filled her pussy. When his cockhead finally 
popped out of her, his prick bobbed up and down. The tip was 
dripping, slathered with mingled cum and cuntjuice. Thick drops 
splashed onto her belly. Bess slid down onto the floor of the 
stall, sitting under the bull's front legs, watching his prick 
sway up and down. That black cockmeat, streaked with fuck cream 
and cum, looked delicious. 

She ducked forward and began to tongue his cockhead, gathering up 
all the precious fuck juices, quenching her appetite for cum and 
savoring the flavor of her own cuntjuice. She laved all over the 
prick-knob and slurped up and down the cockshaft. She crawled 
right under the brute and licked his collapsed balls, as if to 
show the gratitude she felt for the sweet load of cum they had 
poured into her. She licked back up to the prickhead and 
slobbered again. 

She continued to tongue the bull's prick until his entire cock 
had dropped down, hanging under his loins, spent. 

She knew he would soon be potent again--- as soon as she needed 
another cuntful of big bull prick. 

But she was satisfied for now. 

She mopped her frothy pussy up with a handful of straw and put 
her cotton dress back on. 

She left the stall and walked out of the barn without looking 
back. Ringo was only a dumb animal, and she felt no need to say 
goodbye to the brute. She had kissed his cock and balls in 
gratitude--- the rest of the animal didn't count. 

Bess returned to the farmhouse where, like any good country wife 
who had not taken a lover, she did the rest of her chores. 
...(Continued In Chapter SIX.) 

Captured From: THE IMAGINATION FACTORY BBS (513)-787-3777 

