Archive-name: Family/hotsumr2.txt
Archive-author: Diamond Cutter
Archive-title: One Hot Summer...2


Chapter 4
Sis

The next morning I woke early and slipped down the stairs to
Sandy's room. I found her in bed, disheleved and red-eyed
from crying, and lack of sleep. I told her in some detail of
my encounter with auntie, and she was immensly relieved to
hear that "our little secret" would be safe from my father.
She asked me to tell my mother that she wasn't feeling
well...and it was obvious that she wasn't. I told her that I
would, and she snuggled back under the covers.

When I left Sandy's room, I headed down the stairs to the
kitchen, where I found my mother sitting at the breakfast
table with a cup of coffee. I gave her Sandy's news, and she
remarked that it wasn't a surprise, auntie was also feeling
unwell, and would be sleeping in. "I hope it isn't something
thats going around", she said glumly!

I stiffled an urge to giggle, and slipped out the back door.

I walked about a mile and a half to the sandlot field and
played ball for the balance of the morning. After several
hours the sky began to darken, and look threatening, so we
called of the pickup game, and a group of us began walking
together toward our little village center. About halfway
there, we bumped into my eldest sister and a group of her
girlfriends walking the other way.

I have to tell you about my sister. We called her "the
brat", and she deserved the name. She was always the best
student in the family, and the best behaved...sort of the
apple of my parents eye.She took great delight in reporting
any infractions of behavior by any of us to my parents, and
to my father in particular. I guess you could say we sort of
hated her.

This summer she had obviously changed from the tubby little
brat she had always been. She had slimmed down some,
although she was still a bit chubby, and her shape began to
assume some very interesting bulges, two of which made her
particularlly proud. Nevertheless, whatever nature had in
store for her, it didn't include improving her disposition.

My sister and her friends, of which there were two, were on
their way to another friends house about a block from where
we met them. At the moment of our meeting, the sky opened up
in one of those incredible summer downpours characteristic
of the midwest. We were almost instantly drenched to the
skin, and we all raced together toward the girlfriend's
house to seek shelter. We tumbled into the front door of the
house, and were greeted by the girl's mother, who hustled us
into different bathrooms to towel dry. We were all so soaked
that the best we could do was dry our heads and arms, and
sop what water we could from our clothes.

By now it had stopped raining, and my sister and I headed
home together for a change of clothes. As we walked along
the sidewalk toward home, we spoke little. Arriving at the
house, we each headed for our rooms to change.

The house was quiet. Sandy and auntie were evidently still
in bed, and there was no sign of anyone else around. I
quickly doffed my wet clothes, towelled off, pulled on a t-
shirt and a pair of shorts, gathered up my wet laundry and
headed for the basement laundry room.

As I rounded the corner at the bottom of the stairs, I
glanced across the hall at the door to my sister's room,
which to my surprise was open. I stopped and moved quietly
across the hallway to the wall opposite, and peered around
the corner of the door into the room. There, sitting on the
bed facing away from me was my brat sister, clad only in a
pair of white cotton panties, and drying her hair with a
towel.

I pressed myself against the wall, held my breath, and
watched.

The vision on the bed certainly didn't look anything like
the the fat little troublemaker I had known all my life! The
shin of her back way a creamy white, and from the side I
could see the profile of a very substantial, firm breast,
the existence of which I had been totally unaware.

As I stood watching, she rose from the bed and walked over
to a dresser with a mirror against the wall. I could see her
reflection in the mirror, and the view confirmed the promise
of her profile. She indeed had a magnificent set of large,
firm, melon shaped breasts, tipped by two silver dollar
sized light brown nipples.
As she stood before the mirror, she bent down and removed
the panties, revealing an exquisite, if a bit chubby , rear
end.

I was absolutely mesmerized. She stood before the mirror
looking at herself for what seemed like hours, her arms at
her side, unmoving.

My poor cock strained against the fabric of my shorts, as if
wanting a peek himself. I was pressed against the wall, more
or less trapped, unable to move without revealing my
presence, not that I wanted to move!

After what seemed an eternity, she turned toward the door,
and my heart froze in my chest. There was absolutely no
chance that she wouldn't see me, and what she would see of
me, and my rampant erection, would leave few questions
unanswered. I knew that, before nightfall, she would tell my
father a crucifying tale of debauchery and lust about his
eldest son, and that after a miraculous deliverance only the
night before, I would be handed over for severe punishment
for an act of relative innocence.

As our eyes met, my heart sank further into my shoes, and I
stood leaning against the wall waiting for the first shreik
of violated innocence from the brat.

To my utter astonishment, she made no sound. She just stood
inside the door looking at me. Even more astonishing, she
made no attempt to cover herself up. She just stood there,
stark naked, looking.

Gradually, I became aware that she was no longer looking me
in the eye. Her gaze was directed at the bulge in my shorts,
which was undeniably immense. It dawned on me that she and I
were doing the same thing, only to each other. Neither of us
said a word for the longest time.

Suddenly she looked up and said in a very small, choked
voice, "Does that hurt?"

It took a minute for her words to register, and another
minute to reply in an equally choked voice, "What...No.."

She reached through the door and pulled me into her room,
quitely closing the door behind us. We stood facing each
other, she with her eyes on the pulsating bulge in my
shorts, and me looking in amazement at her proud, erect
nipples.

"Jeepers", she whispered, "can I look at it?"

I pushed my shorts down to set the monster free, and it
sprang up and toward her belly. She gasped, and drew back,
but only for an instant.

"It doesn' bite", I said.

She stared in amazement at the glowing glans pointed
directly toward her abdomen. A tiny bead of lubrication
forced itself out of the tip. She took the tip of her
forefinger and touched the glistening drop. As she pulled
her finger back, it formed a sticky ribbon stretching
between my throbbing penis and her fingertip. She placed the
end of her thumb against the tip of her finger and rubbed
the fluid around.

"It's slippery," she whispered," is this the stuff that
makes babies?".

"I dunno," I mumbled, "I don't think so".

"God", she whispered, "do men put that thing inside
women...it must be a foot long?"

She looked up at me, and said "I saw you one time, you
know....rubbing it. Does it really feel good?"

"Really...", I replied.

"When does the baby stuff come out?", she asked.

Any minute now, I thought to myself, but I gathered my
meagre wits about me and replied, "Well, you have to rub it
a little more for it to come out."

"Can you make it come so I can see it?", she asked. "My
friend Jeanie said there's a lot of it inside boys."

"What do you want to see it for?" I asked.

"None of my girlfriends have ever seen it." she replied. "I
won't tell anybody, I just wanna see it. Does it hurt when
it comes out?"

"No, it feels really good."

"Ok ", she replied, "so make it come out."

"Well, its almost ready to now, it just needs a little
help.", I said hopefully.

"What kind of help?", she asked.

"I have to rub it a little, but I can't do it with you here,
it's too embarrasing."

"Why not?", she whined softly, "will it come if I rub it?"

"Maybe", I said with as noncommital a voice as I could
muster.

"Show me how", she said.

With that I took her hand and wrapped it around the rock
hard shaft of my cock, gently moving it up and down the
length. After  three or four gentle strokes, I could feel
the explosion gathering in my balls.

"Here it comes", I whispered hoarsely as my cock pulsed in
her hand, sending ribbon after ribbon of hot sperm arching
toward her plumb belly.

As the first ribbon splashed warmly against her soft, white
flesh, she gasped and backed away. Two more jets of sperm
hit her as she backed up, one landing squarely in the valley
of her sweaty young breasts, and the other draping itself
across the top of her jet black hair.

She looked down her body in amazement as the sperm ran down
her flesh and into the black, curly triangle between her
ample, creamy thighs.

"Wow", she whispered, "its hot", then a stricken look
crossed her face.

"Can I get pregnant from this?, she asked frantically?

"No, no," I reassured her, "it has to be inside you to make
you pregnant."

"Are you sure"

"Absolutely", I replied.

"What a mess", she said. "You even shot my hair!"

"Well you asked for it", I said smugly. "Just jump in the
shower and wash it off."

"Okay", she said, "Why don't you come with me."

"Lead on", said I, somewhat winded, but still game.

Her bedroom shared a bath with the adjoining room, so the
two of us walked through the bathroom door. As she walked in
front of me, I watched her cute, plumb littls ass cheeks
bounce up and down. Carefully I closed and locked the doors
at each end. She turned on the shower, and stepped in,
beckoning me to follow.

I stripped off my shirt, and stepped into the shower stall
with her.

As the hot water ran down our bodies, washing away the
evidence of our little adventure, I let the warmth soak into
my skin. My sister reached for the bar of soap, and stood
facing me rubbing up a lather between her hands. When she
had a good lather worked up, she began rubbing her hands up
and down my front, gradually working lower and lower, until
she was lathering my balls, and cock. As her slippery hands
did their work, my manhood reacted by swelling once again.
As she felt it harden, she looked up at me and grinned.

I reached for the soap, and began gently massaging her firm,
ripe breasts. As my hands touched her, her eyes closed, and
her face grew serious. Gently. I turned her around and
pulled her back against my body. My hardening cock pressed
firmly between the cheeks of her ass, and she shivered
slightly. My soapy hands continued massaging her breasts,
and stomach, gradually moving toward the black triangle
between her legs. She moaned softly, and leaned back against
my chest.

As I reached my goal, I felt her legs part slightly, and her
breath quicken.

Gently I slipped two soapy fingers into the vee of her
thighs, and felt for her clit. When I could feel it between
my fingers, I began sliding them back and forth, softly
rolling her clit between them. Her hips began to thrust
gently, then more firmly, back against my soapy cock. As she
pushed back in a gentle rythym, the head of my cock pushed
in and out between the plump cheeks of her ass, gradually
pressing deeper, until the head was pressing against her
anus.

My left arm was wrapped around her shoulder, and with my
hand I massaged the tightly erect nipple of her right
breast.

As my hands massaged her, and my cock pressed insistently
against her butt, she began to whisper "Jesus, Jesus, Jesus"
over and over. Suddenly she took both of her hands and
pressed my hand tightly into her crotch, grinding it against
her pubis. She gasped, and spasmed once, twice, three times,
then went rigid, shivering, for a full minute. Then she went
so limp that I had to grab her to keep her from falling. I
lowered her slowly to the floor of the shower stall, and she
put her arms around my neck and pulled me down with her. She
held me tight against her until the water from the shower
head began to turn cold.

We fled wordlessly from the now cold shower stall, and
reached for towels to dry off.

We towelled dry, and I put on my clothes. She was still
naked as we walked back into her bedroom, and neither of us
had said a word.

As I walked into the bedroom, she turned and embraced me
strongly for a moment, then guided me toward the door, and
gently closed it behind me.

Not knowing quite what to think, i climbed the stairs to my
room, and threw myself across the bed, exhausted.




Chapter 5
The summer moves along.
(To be continued)

--
