Archive-name: Bondage/hotspicy.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Hot 'n Spicy


     She was the dangerous type, the kind that always unnerve me. From her
   makeup to her clothes, this woman exuded an agressive, bull-by-the-horns
   attitude. And oh, she was hot. Her self-assured demeanor coupled with
   her mildly slutty looks set my hormones to racing. I purposely looked
   away so as not to stare, then looked back again. Yup- she was still hot.
   I began to check out her body, blatantly ogling her. I didn't expect her
   to notice me. She did.

     "Let me buy you a drink," she said by way of introduction, pointing to
   my nearly empty beer. "Sure," I replied nervously. "You were checking me
   out," she stated, matter of factly. "Of course!" I countered, "you can't
   place red meat in front of a carnivore and expect him to ignore it." She
   laughed- deep throaty, delicious. Music to my ears.

     Hours later, we were back at my apartment. Her name was Jenna, and she
   was a professional woman out for fun following what was apparently
   a tedious divorce. Her husband was nearly lifeless, and she had gone
   through a series of affairs before realizing how little she cared for
   the man. He'd tried to hang on, but that just annoyed her. This was a
   woman that knew what she wanted, and went for it. I was really surprised
   she was attracted to me in the first place.

     We'd engaged in alot of flirting and teasing, with enough innuendo to
   start a couple of small loin fires. We had kissed hotly in the car, and
   I was dying to devour this woman. She was going to be difficult to
   please, I expected, and I wanted to add a little spice of my own to the
   stew. My mind raced with possibilities. She'd basically issued me a
   challenge- she could take anything I could give her. I resolved to find
   out if she were bluffing.

     I turned on some music to set the mood. She was busy checking out my
   apartment. I approached her and she relaxed to my presence. We embraced
   and began a hot, sweet soul kiss. I held her body close to mine,
   enjoying her firm breasts pushing into my chest. I know she could feel
   my growing member against her leg, and I fondled her ass, pulling her
   closer just to make sure. Delightful feminine noises greeted my ears,
   and her scent was heavenly. Her full lips and practiced tongue were a
   joy. My heart was pounding in my ears as we broke off the kiss; I
   nuzzled her neck and kissed my way to her ear where I began to nibble on
   her lobe. 

     We moved into the bedroom, and fell onto the bed. She had my shirt
   open and was running her hands over my chest, tweaking my nipples and
   feeling my firm pectorals. Her head bent over, and she began to lick and
   suck my nipples. I began to remover her dress, binding her arms down to
   her sides with it before opening her bra (thank God for front opening
   bras!) She enjoyed the feeling of helplessness as I ravaged her pouting
   nipples. Her breathing began to change, and she huskily encouraged me to
   continue. I pushed both nipples together and pulled into my mouth at the
   same time. Sucking and licking her like this, she began to come. She was
   incredibly beautiful when she came. I let her lie there for a second to
   regain her breath. "Wow- that was wonderful!" she exclaimed. I gently
   caressed her chest, careful not to touch her swollen and sensitive
   nipples. She abruptly sat up and wriggled out of her dress. Her panties
   were stained wet, and I could plainly see her ginger pubic hair through
   them.

     She undressed me, and began to fondle my straining cock. She meant
   business- an initial strafing run of incisors down my shaft gave way to
   her taking a nut into her mouth. "She's got me now," I thought. I
   reached over and began to rub her hot and horny crotch through her
   panties. She jumped in surprise and pleasure. I pushed her panties aside
   and ran a finger along her crack. She trembled and attacked my penis
   with renewed vigor. I fancied she might enjoy an eager tongue on her
   clit while her throat was being splashed with jism, so moved over and
   began to tongue her hungry hole. The surf was really coming up now.

     Her body began tensing about the same time I began to feel a tightness
   in my balls. I gently bit her cunt lips to the sounds of her excitement,
   then took her swollen, angry clit into my mouth and sucked hard. She
   began thrashing and I held on for dear life, then began my own release.
   Gobs of steaming cum exploded into her mouth, exciting her further. For
   better than a minute our mutual spasms went on. We were on cloud 9.

     "I told you I could take anything you had to offer," she sputtered,
   breathlessly. "Hah!" I mocked. "I have only begun to please you." She
   rolled her eyes skyward, and cuddled up next to me. It was extremely
   comfortable. And I enjoyed it for a few minutes as I caught my breath.
   "How adventurous do you feel tonight?" I whispered. "Honey," she began,
   "I already told you there's nothing you could try with me that ain't
   been tied before, I mean ain't be tried before." "Freudian slip?" I
   demanded. "No," she blushed. "Let me tie you up," I whispered sweetly
   into her ear. Her gaze showed that she was assessing whether she could
   trust me. Evidently I passed the test.

     Minutes later she was trussed spread eagled to the bed. I checked her
   bonds, and blindfolded her before turning up the music a little for some
   background noise. My mind was racing. What could I do to her that hadn't
   been done? I took out a vibrator, and began to run it along her body.
   Her nipples stiffened immediately; she was excited. When she was all
   good and hot, I laid the device against her crotch. This was most
   frustrating for her as she couldn't get cirect contact with it and if
   she moved too much it would fall and she wouldn't be able to feel
   anything. I went into the kitchen to prepare myself a snack.

     I emptied some nachos into a bowl, and sliced three or four jalapeqos.
   I returned to the bedroom, where she was trying to hump the vibrator. I
   put the bowl down and ran my hard cock across her lips. Her sexual
   hunger was apparent, as she tried to take it into her mouth. I pulled it
   away. "You fucking tease!" she cried. I had a nacho with a couple of
   slices of jalapeqo on it. It stung my mouth delightfully. As I teased
   her body with my hands and the vibrator, I gobbled up my snack. My mouth
   was absolutely on fire. Then I calmly slipped the vibrator into her
   cunt, ever so slowly. She was humping hard against it, begging for
   release. I bent over and began to lick and suck her throbbing cunt. It
   took about 20 seconds for the effects of the peppers to reach her
   private parts. She went absolutely ballistic. Her spasms were stronger
   than anyone else's that I'd ever seen. I removed the vibrator and
   replaced it with my cock (that took some doing given her thrashing
   about.) Her cunt gripped my cock like a vise with each spasm. I didn't
   think she was ever going to stop coming. Her skin shone with a sheen of
   sweat, her ecstasy was so demanding of her body. I exploded in her,
   splashing her insides with hot, sticky cum. Finally, her spasms
   subsided.

     I awoke a short while later, and loosened her bonds. I brought a warm,
   wet cloth and cleaned her up. She was spent. "What was that stuff?" she
   asked, dreamily. "Jeez- I dunno what you're talking about- I just had a
   little snack of jalapeqos, that's all," I answered with mock innocence.
   "Well my cunt's still on fire." We both giggled. She washed her private
   parts with the cloth, and I hopped back into bed with her. The night
   was still young.

--
