Archive-name: 3plus/hotstor.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Just Another Lover


     It was a warm summer night. The smell of night blooming Jasmine filled
the air. That smell always sends chills up and down my spine, and makes my
juices begin to flow. It reminds me of making love on a warm summer evening
under the stars.
     I was sitting in the garden, on the old-fashioned white bench that
looked as if it came straight out of Little House on the Prarie, awaiting my
lover.
     A few fleeting moments later, I saw the figure of my lover approaching
me in the moonlight. He is a tall, muscular, man about 6' 2", and has the
most goregous blue eyes and surfer blonde hair, and the most gorgeous 9 1/2"
cock I'd ever seen. As he approached, the smell of his cologne, mixed with
the smell of the Jasmine, was more than I could stand, and my panties began
to become quite wet.  In his sweet, sexy voice, he said hello my love,
embraced and kissed me, a long, passionate kiss. As his body touched mine, I
felt his promising buldge against my belly button.  As he nestled it closer
to me, I began to rub it with my fingers and hands, and finally I knelt down
and began to nibble on the fabric of his Levis. He caressed my hair, and
put his arms around my shoulders, and moaned quietly with pleasure, as his
cock begged for me to release it from it's confinement in his Levis.
     We both sat down on the old bench, and began kissing, hugging and
caressing each other. He took off his shirt because it was a rather warm
evening, and I began to lick, suck and tease his nipples, then I ran my
tounge down to the first button on his Levis, and unbuttoned it with my
teeth, and continued until I had all of the buttons unbuttoned and then
I very carefully removed his huge rod from it's place of confinement.
     At about this time I was quite wet, and Keith knew it.  He pulled up my
dress to expose my wet pussy, and began to stroke it with skilled fingers. I
moaned with pleasure, and went down to give him a bit of pleasure. I began
sucking his cock, and it responded by becoming rock hard. I used my
skilled tounge to lick up and down his shaft like I was licking a dripping
ice cream cone. I continued down to his balls and began to lick and tease
them with my tounge. I then took one of his enormous balls in my mouth and
began to suck it as I stroked his cock. He moaned loudly with
pleasure, begging me to stop, or he was gonna shoot his load all over my
face. I didn't let up, but instead continued to suck his balls, then his
dick, and using my fingers play with his rock hard nipples. But that wasn't
enough for me, I had to make him crazier, so I wet my finger and began
to rub it around his asshole, slowly, and ever so gently, I began to insert
my finger, all the while sucking his cock so to drive him even crazier. He
begged me to stop, but I would not, his moans of pleasure grew increasingly
louder as he cried "I'm gonna cum in your mouth". I sucked his cock, and
finger fucked his asshole even harder. His moans reached a climax as he shot
stream after stream of hot cum into my mouth, as he did, I swallowed every
drop, sucking his cock dry to make sure I had every drop.
      He finally sighed a big sigh of relief and took me in his arms and
kissed me, and said, "so, where would you like to eat tonight"? I replied
"I've already had my dinner, what about dessert"?


                    RIVER ENCOUNTERS

        It was a hot summer evening in July of 1988.  I was camping in
Yosemite National Park... down in the valley, lower river campground. There
were billions and billions of stars in the sky. It was an absolutely
breathtaking evening, the kind that lovers dream about.  But, alas, I had no
one, no lover to share this wonderful evening with, so I decided to lay in
the back of my truck with the tailgate open, and look at the stars and dream.
   It was very warm, still about 80 degrees at 9pm, so I was only wearing a
very short pair of shorts and a nice cool tank top that my breasts had a
habit of always falling out of. As I lay in the back of the truck, all alone,
   I heard a voice say "Hello, looks like you are enjoying yourself, may I
join you?" At first, I was quite startled, and a bit aprehensive about this
"stranger", but when I looked at him, I realized that he was the same man
that my kids accidently threw water on at the river eariler that day, and I
was immediatly embarrassed about the incident, but at the same time, for som
reason, I was turned on by this very good looking man, who unexpectly came
out of the night. It was like something you'd read about in a romance novel
or something like that. Anyhow, we got to talking, and I found out that he
was all alone, widowed, we seemed to have lots in common, and I was VERY
attracted to him, and I felt like he was thinking the same thing. I am not
one to have sex with someone who just appears out of the night, however, I'd
be a liar if I would have said I wasn't thinking about how it would be to
suck on his cock. We talked for hours about this and that, and very
unexpectedly, he said that he really liked me, was attracted to me an the
kindness that I had been showing him, and wanted to know if he could kiss
me..
   Of course I said yes, and he took me in his arms, and kissed me
a passionate kiss. I could feel my juices immediately begin to wet my
panties. After that first kiss, we spent the next two hours or so kissing and
hugging and just enjoying each other and the beautiful evening and talking
about life and other profound issues. We decided to take a walk down to the
river, and enjoy the moonlight reflections on the water. The whole time we
were talking, and walking together, I kept thinking how much I wanted to make
a move on this guy, as I could tell he was very shy, and even though I knew
by the conversation we were having, he really wanted to do more than just
kiss and hug. I decided to break the ice, and ask him if he'd like to go for
skinny dipping, he said that sounded like a good idea, so we walked back to
the campsite to get some towels and blanket. We walked back down to the water
and took off our clothes. I couldn't help but notice the moonlight reflecting
off of his gorgeous body, and something else, he had a hard on that he seemed
to be quite embarrased about when he realized that it had caught my eye. We
both entered the water and swam across the river to the other shore. We sat
in this little "pool" that the river had formed near the shore. The water
felt very nice on my body, however, it also made me feel very horney. I
dunno, somthing about the water, and the freedom of no clothes really makes
me hot. I decided it was time to make a move. I put my hand around his
already errect cock, and a smile came across his face. I suggested that he
sit up on a rock that was in the water, so I could give his cock some mouth
to cock resucitation. He eagerly complied with my request, and I began by
taking his cock and balls into my mouth and deepthroating them.  He began to
moan with pleasure, and grabbed my tits, and began to suck on them. This
drove me nuts, as he was very good at it.  My nipples were hardened like
little rocks, and my pussy juices REALLY began to flow. I wanted his cock IN
me. I told him to lay all the way back on top of the rock, so I could put his
cock in my hot, wet pussy. He did, and I slowly slipped his cock into my
pussy, he moaned loudly with pleasure, as I S L O W L E Y lowered myself on
his cock. I began to ride his dick like a dog in heat. Slowly, squeezing my
pussy muscles the whole time driving him nuts. I have very good control over
my muscles, and I can squeeze very well. He said it was feeling too good, and
he was gonna cum if I didn't stop. To tell you the truth, it felt damn good
to me too!!.. Well, I said we can't have you cumming so quickly, so I got off
of him, and said "Would you like to butt fuck me"... He very eagerly said
yes. I traded places with him, and lay across the rock, with my pussy and
asshole fully exposed to him. He stuck his cock in my ass, ever so gently, it
felt sooo good!!!!... He pumped his cock in and out a few times, and said
he'd never felt anything so hot, tight and good... He grabbed my tits and
fucked my asshole with great delight. He was driving me crazy, and I could
tell he wouldn't be able to stand it much longer either. I told him to fuck
me harder, he did, I could feel a fantastic orgasam coming on..he pumped
harder and harder, squeezing my tits, and rubbing my nipples.. I screamed
with pleasure, as I began to cum, again and again, I felt the hot stream of
cum shoot up into my asshole and down my crack as he moaned very loudly with
pleasure... He came and came, it felt sooo good... I turned to him, he
embraced me and kissed me. We swam to the other side of the river, got out
dried off, and put our clothes back on. He smiled and said to me "who says
camping alone isn't any fun?" We saw each other every night over the next
week we were both there, and had several more late night river rondevous,
including one were I tied him to a tree on the river, sucked, fucked, and
teased his cock until he begged for mercy. What can I say, I sometimes like
to play rough!! Needless to say, it was a summer vacation I will


                       POOL PARTY

     One hot summer evening in July of 1988, my friend John and I decided to
do some skinny dipping in my backyard pool.  We grabbed some towels and went
outside and proceeeded to strip to our bare asses. We dove into the pool. The
water on my naked flesh felt soooo good, something about being naked in a
large body of water really turns me on. Anyhow, we were doing some laps in
the pool, it was about 9 pm and my neighbor Dave called to me from over the
fence and asked if he could join us, (he had been sitting in his backyard). I
said sure, and he hopped over the fence, and to my suprise was already
naked!! It seems that he had been standing behind the wall watching us
stroking his rod all the while we were doing our laps in the pool. Dave
jumped into the pool, and the three of us proceeded to swim the length of the
pool, occasionally, either John or Dave would "accidently" brush their cocks
up against me.
     After swimming for about thirty minutes, I had just about had enough of
their teasing, and decided to do some of my own.  The three of us swam over
to the little seat in the deep end of the pool, and I began my work. I had
both of the men sit on either side of me, and I began to fondle their already
erect cocks.  After about 10 minutes of this, I suggested to them that we
exit the pool. We all got out and I had the guys lay on the deck next to each
other so I could better facilitate my work. I began to suck their cocks, in
turn, and rub John's cock against Dave's cock as I sucked their cocks and
balls, driving them nuts. I continued to do this, and as I sucked them my
pussy juices began to flow so freely that they were actually dripping on the
warm cement below me as I sucked them off. Just about the time that they were
reaching their climax, I stopped, and suggested a bit of a different
activity.
     Now guys that are reading this, don't gross out, you must have an open
mind, if you don't, stop reading here... don't knock it until you've tried
it!
     Anyhow, one of my favorite things to do..... I had John lay on his back
on the cement, I got on top of him, facing him, and guided his hard cock into
my pussy, then, I had Dave get on top of me and insert his cock into my
asshole, the three of us got a rhythem going and fucked like dogs until we
almost all came.  Ah, but not yet! It was time for me to have my fun by
watching Dave and John ream each other, while they took turns at me.  You
see, I love watching two men go at it. Anyhow, this time it was my turn to
lay on my back on the cement, I had John get on top of me and insert his cock
into my pussy while Dave inserted his ramming rod into John's asshole.
     It was marvelous!! Again we got our rhythem going, I came at least
twice, when the boys decided it was time to switch, and Dave put his stiff
cock into my pussy, while John rammed Dave from behind. We all went at it
again while Dave was fucking me I was sucking on his tits, he fucked me and
fucked me, I came so many times I can't even remember. Finally I decided it
was time that the boys performed for me, so I got outta the picture and
watched them take turns reaming each other, I couldn't stand being left
out, so I decided to place myself in a strategic position to get at least a
little cum in my mouth. Finally, after not so many minutes, they both shot
their loads, Dave in John's ass, and John shot his load into my eagerly
awaiting mouth, and I came again twice just watching all of this happen. It
was truly a evening to remember....
     Are there any guys out there willing to involve themselves in an
encounter like this??? Or am I truly off my rocker????  Anyhow, I hope you
enjoyed another of my experiences, I sure did!!
     A footnote I must add, neither of these guys were gay, or even bisexual,
they just went with the flow and were well rewarded, try it, you'll like
it!!!

--
