
                        Guilty Pleasures
                               by
                           J. BOSWELL
 
    I really can't believe I'm writing this down, but I can't really
believe I'm living the two lives I'm living right now, either.
     In my first life, I'm a happily married, 35-year old wife and mother
and a very successful attorney working for one of the Delaware Valley's top
firms.  I'm smart, good-looking, eat right, exercise, and have a body that
my critical eye says still looks pretty damn good in a small two-piece
swimsuit.  In my second life, I am a wanton slut that will do whatever my
young-stud lover wants me to do.
     Scott, my lover, is 21 years old and works at our firm doing odd jobs,
delivering papers, photocopying, mail-boy, etc.  By all definitions of the
word, he is a "hunk."  He works out and his body is rock-hard.  Brown eyes,
beautiful black hair, and the nicest ass I've ever seen on a man.
     I am very much the professional in the office, but at office
luncheons, softball games, and parties, I am a outrageous flirt. I just
can't help it.  At first, Scott was the perfect target for my flirting:
good-looking, young, single, and very aware of my status and position in
the office.  He was always fun to tease, always a good sport -- until a
Christmas party at a partner's house.
     In the holiday mood and feeling safe with my husband, Phil, at my
side, I had been merciless flirting with Scott all evening.  Later in the
evening, I was walking out of the upstairs bathroom when a hand grabbed my
arm and pulled me into a bedroom.  It was Scott.
     "Come here, you cockteaser."  He hissed, as he closed the bedroom door
behind us. 
     I didn't say a word because I assumed he was now kidding me in return,
or maybe he had had just a little too much to drink.
     His hands shot to my breasts and roughly felt them through the green
velvet of my dress.  His fingers found my braless nipples and they hardened
to his touch.
     "No, Scott!  What do you think you're doing?  My husband is
downstairs!"
     "I'm breaking a cockteaser.  In my neighborhood we know how to deal
with cockteasers, and you are the worst I have ever met.  When I'm through
with you, you won't tease me anymore."
     His rough talk and his rough grabs were so out of place, so beyond
anything in my experience, so surprising, I was shocked and had to suppress
a nervous giggle.  But at the same time, the whole situation was turning me
on.  I didn't fear for my safety, because of the setting and that it was
Scott, and I knew he would never hurt me.  Still, the roughness was causing
me to respond.  Phil, always a gentleman in and out of bed, had never
talked to me or felt me the way Scott was.  This was new and exciting.  I
fell back almost willingly when Scott pushed me back on to the bed.
     "Scott!  Stop it!  Are you crazy?"  I was protesting, but I was also
keeping my voice low.
     Scott ripped down his zipper and pulled out a beautiful, rigid cock. 
He threw my skirt up over my face, pulled down my pantyhose and, instead of
removing my panties, he merely pulled the elastic crotch far enough to the
side to slide that wonderful dick into my already hot, wet cunt and I
started the best orgasm of my life on his second stroke.
     When he came, he pulled out and stood up.  I sat up and smiled at him,
"Wow!  I really can't believe that happened, Scott.  It was great, but I
can't believe I just cheated on my husband!"
     Scott grabbed the back of my head and pulled me to his still-hard
cock, "Shut up, bitch.  Lick me clean."
     I took his warm and sticky cock in my mouth, sucking it and then
licking our juices from its length.  
     As I was working on his cock, Scott said, "Do you know why cockteasers
tease?  Because they are really sluts and that's the only way they know how
to ask for it the way they want it - hard and fast."  
     I heard him, but was enjoying his cock too much to pay that much
attention to what he was saying.  Finally, when he was clean, he returned
his meat into his pants and zipped up.  He walked out of the bedroom
without another word, and by the time I had reassembled myself and returned
to the party, he was gone. 
    That night was the beginning of my descent into raunchy sex.  I didn't
know it then, but Scott had given me something I could no longer live
without.  Until Scott took me on that bed, I never knew sexual excitement
like that existed.  I had never been that aroused, and I wanted more.
....................
     At work the following Monday, Scott followed me to my car and demanded
a blow job.  There was never any question of doing what he said to do.  I
vividly remembered my orgasm, the total release and satisfaction, and
wanted more.
     I gave Scott his blow job, and that became the daily ritual. Every
afternoon, in my $400 business suits, I'd be sucking on my stud's hot cock
as his hands roamed over and in my body.  He'd fill my mouth with cum, and
watch me swallow it, and then I'd lick him clean, drive home and be the
perfect wife and mother.
     On Friday afternoon, Scott gave me his address and told me to be there
by noon on Saturday.  It was easy enough to tell Phil that I was preparing
for a trial, which always entailed extra hours at the office.
     When I arrived at Scott's, he pointed me to the bedroom and told me to
undress.  For the next three hours I was held in the most wonderful state
of sexual awareness in my life!  Scott tired this girl out!
     His hard body and hard cock were all over and in my body.  I became a
slave to his touch.  He would tease and play with me until my release was
about to explode, and then back off - he drove me crazy and into ecstasy. 
He fucked my mouth, my cunt, my tits and my virgin asshole.  He sucked my
nipples and toes and fingers and clit.  He massaged my legs and back and
breasts and my pussy.  
     Phil had been the only other man to make love to me and he couldn't
compare to Scott.  I didn't want the afternoon to end.  I wanted Scott to
fuck me for days.
     I was dressing to leave, standing on wobbly legs, hugging Scott around
the neck, when he patted my buns and said, "Same time, next Saturday,
slut."
     "I'll be here."
     "See you in the parking garage after work on Monday, slut."
     "I'll be waiting, Scott."
     It was hard to believe, but our fuck session the following Saturday
was even better than the first!  Scott was so young and strong and
aggressive.  The more he demanded from me, the more I responded and
enjoyed.  But after that second Saturday, I didn't want to wait another
long week between Scott's fucks.  Every night, during our garage blow jobs,
I begged Scott to let me visit him.  Finally, on Thursday he said yes.  I
stayed until midnight and just about crawled home and into my bed.  Driving
home, I admitted to myself, for the first time, that I was no longer in
control of all aspects of my life -- I was physically and sexually addicted
to Scott.
........................
     On the third Saturday, Scott wasn't alone when I arrived.
     "This is my friend, Sean," smiled Scott.
     I said hello to Sean and the three of us talked for a while. I
couldn't wait for him to leave, so Scott and I could get on with the
fucking!  I get hot just being close to Scott.
     Scott patted me on the knee and smiled again, saying, "I told Sean
you'd give him a blow job, before he left."
     "No, Scott, I can't do that."  I couldn't understand why Scott would
say that, and wondered how far he was going to push me.
     "Well, Babe, then I guess you better get your coat and get the fuck
out of here.  No more fun times with me."
     I knew Scott was serious.  I'm embarrassed to admit I thought about it
for only a few seconds.  I was not prepared to give up Scott's pleasures so
easily.
     "Okay, Scott, I'll do as you ask."
     With a huge grin, Sean led me into the bedroom and sat on the edge of
the bed.  I opened his belt and trousers and pulled them down to his
shoe-tops.  I knelt on the floor, between his legs, and wrapped my lips
around his cock, feeling it grow and harden inside my wet mouth.
     Before Sean came, Scott entered the bedroom.  He was naked and seemed
to enjoy watching me fuck Sean with my mouth.  His dick was hard and I
reached for it with my hand as Sean exploded in my mouth.
     I'm sure you guessed that Sean didn't leave, and the next several
hours had both men fucking and sucking me in turn and at the same time.  It
became obvious that Scott's favorite position was pounding his cock into
me, doggie-style, as I sucked on Sean's cock.
     My body was sore and tired as I drove home from Scott's apartment.  I
couldn't believe that, up until about 4 weeks ago, only my husband had ever
made love to me, and that day I had been used and abused by two young
studs.  I wondered why I didn't have regrets or more guilt.
.........................
     The relationship, if that is what this is, has gotten kinkier and
kinkier.  I continued to go to Scott's place almost every Saturday for the
next couple of months.  Most days Scott was alone, but Sean did show up
occasionally and the 3-way was repeated each time.
     In late March, Scott told me to get there a little early and when I
did, he handed me an outrageous outfit.  It was a skirt, too short for
anybody, a T-shirt top, scooped low and wide in the front, and very high
heels.
     "Put these on, Patti.  I'm having some friends over to watch
basketball, and you're going to be our waitress."
     I definitely didn't like the sound of that, after my experience with
Sean.  "Scott, please don't make me do this.  I don't want to entertain
your friends -- just you.  I'll wear this outfit for you."
     Scott grabbed the clothes from my hand.  "No problem, Patti.  You know
the rule -- you do what I ask, or we don't play anymore.  It's that simple. 
You wear this for my friends or you go home and don't ever come back."
     An hour later, dressed in the outfit and wearing more make-up than I
have since I was 14, I was serving beer and chips to Scott, Sean and three
friends.  My tits, ass and pussy were being grabbed, tweaked, poked, probed
and fingered at every opportunity.  I was pulled down on to laps for feels
and kisses until one of the new guys pulled out his hard cock and told me
to sit on it.
     Of course, and as usual, all this mistreatment had really turned me on
and I was only too happy to position myself in his lap, facing him, pulling
my short skirt up, and slowing lowering my hot, wet cunt onto his cock.  He
pulled my top over my head and began to attack my tits with his mouth and
hands.
     That started the party in ernest.  After that first fuck, I moved from
lap to lap, fucking and blowing the five guys as fast as they could shoot
their load and get hard again.
     I was having a ball, but instead of appreciating having an attractive,
willing woman available to take care of their animal urges, these guys were
crude and rude and gross.  One guy had me lie down on the coffee table as
he poured beer on my tits and pussy and lapped it up.  Another guy pulled
his cock out of my mouth as he started to come, and shot his warm, sticky
jism on my tits, and then lifted each one up to my mouth so he could watch
me lick his cum off my nipples.
     Sean laid on his back on the floor and had me mount his cock.  Another
guy, Dave, stood over Sean and I sucked his prick into my mouth.  Within a
few minutes, a third guy walked over and stood watching.  I reached for his
erect penis and jerked it off until he shot his cum all over my face.  The
sight of the cum must have been enough for Sean and Dave, because they both
came within seconds of each other.
     For 2 hours, to the hoots, cat-calls, cheering and whistles, I
serviced their cocks.  They were no longer men to me, only jerking,
pumping, shooting cocks.  And I loved every minute of it.
     Scott must have realized how exhausting the whole thing had been for
me, because about 2 hours after starting, he told me to get dressed and to
go home.  I left, blowing kisses to everyone's moans and groans because I
was leaving.
     When I got home, the kids were still at the roller rink and Phil was
napping.  Thanking my lucky stars, I stripped and made my way to the
shower.  I smelled like a whore house next to a brewery.
     I was shampooing my hair when the shower door opened and Phil stepped
in wearing a smile and a hard-on.  My guess was that he woke from his nap
with an erection and wanted me to do something about it.  Without a word, I
leaned back against the wall and let my husband walk his cock up inside me. 
When he came, I thought about him adding one more gooey load to the 10 or
12 loads of cum already filling my cunt, and I had my most intense orgasm
of my action-packed day.
.............................
     After the party, things got back to "normal" for a while.  Everyday
after work, I give Scott a blow job.  He lets me visit him about one
weeknight every two weeks and almost every Saturday.  Sean is usually there
on Saturdays, and sometimes, Dave also shows up.  It doesn't matter to me
whether it's 1 or 2 or 3 -- I service them all -- letting them do whatever
they want to me.
     Last week was the ultimate demand by Scott.  After work, he handed me
a bag and told me to come to his apartment at 10:00pm that night, wearing a
lot of make-up and the contents of the bag. I told him that it was
impossible for me to get out that late on a Friday night.  Scott told me to
be there or else say goodbye, and then he walked away.
     Lucky for me, Phil is a trusting individual.  I know I abuse that
trust, but, that night, after dinner, I told him I was going out with some
women from the office for a bachelorette party.  I didn't know then how
close to the truth I was.
     I parked outside of Scott's and looked in the bag.  All that was in it
was a black garterbelt, black stockings and black high heels.  It wasn't
easy, but I stripped and put the sexy stuff on in the car, fixed my extra
make-up in the visor mirror, and put on my raincoat.
     Music was blasting through Scott's apartment door and I had to knock
several times.  Finally, Scott opened the door and held up a finger for me
to wait.  He turned back into the apartment and announced, "The
entertainment's here.  Get the groom ready!" 
    More yells from inside followed.  Scott curled his finger for me to
step inside.  His livingroom was full of men.  Beer cans were everywhere
and an X-rated video was on the VCR.  In the center of the room was a
goodlooking guy sitting in a desk chair, with his hands behind him.
     Scott took my hand and led me into the room, "Gentlemen.  This is the
Sex Machine.  Some of you have already met her and know what I mean.  The
rest of you -- well, hold on to your balls!
     "Our dear friend, and groom-to-be, Gary, requested that I not get a
stripper for the party.  It seems he didn't want to risk any hanky-panky
the night before his wedding.  He wants to remain pure!
     "I didn't think it was fair to the guys to ruin our fun, so here's
what happens.  Gary is tied in his chair and gets to watch what he could
have had, because....."   Scott opened my raincoat and threw it out of the
room, "...the Sex Machine is here!"
     For the next two hours, I fucked and sucked 11 of the 12 guys there. 
Everybody except Gary had me at least twice, and every time it was no more
than 4 feet from his bulging eyeballs.  It wasn't long after I started,
that Gary began to beg to be released.  I tempted him with my tits and ass
and snatch, but Scott refused to release him.
     Finally, when things slowed down, Scott asked everyone if Gary should
be allowed to change his mind.  Most of his friends booed the idea, but
Scott said he'd let Gary go if he earned it.  We tried thinking of a
challenge for Gary, when I felt the cum dripping down my thighs from my
overused and overflowing pussy.  I suggested that before Gary could fuck
me, he had to eat me clean.  Gary didn't hesitate.
     I laid down in the center of the room, where the men could see their
cum over and in my pussy.  Scott untied Gary and he fell on top of me,
diving into my cunt.  The room burst into cheers as I came and came.
     At last, Gary dropped his pants and shoved his meat up inside my
sloppy cunt.  He came in only a few strokes and collapsed on top of me.
     I rolled Gary off and stood on wobbly legs.  Scott wrapped my raincoat
around my shoulders, told me to take Saturday off, and said there was a
present for me in my pockets.
     I sat in the car for a few minutes.  My thighs and hips and cunt felt
like I had just given birth.  My mouth and jaw felt like I had spent hours
in a dentist's chair.  My neck and shoulders and tits were sore and showed
teeth marks.  I asked myself, "What the hell was I doing?"
     When I got home, I dressed downstairs and started up to the bedroom. 
All was quiet.
     Then, I remembered my "gift" from Scott and checked my pockets.  In
each was a video tape.  I couldn't imagine why Scott would give me a tape,
so I put one in the VCR and hit "PLAY."
     I couldn't believe it!  It was a tape of this evening's festivities
and I never noticed anyone filming!  I wondered what Phil would think if he
saw them?  I popped the tape out and hid them in my closet.
     As I stretched my sore body out under the sheets, I resolved to tell
Scott no more parties.  One-on-one with him, only.  I just don't know what
I'm going to do if he says "no way, slut."

           THE END (for now)

     ###########################
    #    Only the very best   #
   #         EROTICA         #
  #  from the collection of #
 #       J. BOSWELL        #
###########################