Archive-name: Family/hotsue.txt
Archive-author: Falcon Hunter
Archive-title: Hot Sue and Me Too...


Sue had to go to the country for the day and she asked if I could watch 
the kids. She never really knew that I liked watching them, or rather 
liked looking at them any chance I could. It might have been one of the 
reasons that I was attracted to Sue in the first place.

Peggy was eight and very pretty, Billy twelve, and curious as hell. I was 
almost sure he tried peeking in his mom's bedroom door on a couple of evenings 
when I was in there playing with Sue. The thought made me very hot and a 
couple of times I even tried to interest Sue in fantasizing about her young 
son while we were in the middle of some hot fucking. 

The last time I tried it, I broke open some strong wine and we drank for 
a couple of hours before going to bed. I planned a long foreplay to get her 
as hot as possible and then started sucking her toes and licking slowly up 
her legs. By the time I got to her clean shaven cunt, she would listen to 
anything. I brought my cunt-juiced tongue to her mouth and she sucked it 
in deeply. I asked her if she liked the taste while fingering her clit, and 
she sucked harder. "Would you like to lick a young pussy?", I whispered. 
"Uh-huh", she moaned. I slipped back down to her cunt and sucked it. "Would 
you like to suck a young boy's cock?", I asked as I slipped my pinkie into 
her mouth. Her head bobbed rapidly back and forth on my finger.

I rose up and slipped my stiff cock into her sopping cunt and continued the 
fantasy talk. "I want to see you suck a boy's cock", I hissed through my 
teeth as my strokes got harder and deeper. "Yesss, I want to suck one", she 
said, and her body was bucking against my every stroke. She was right at 
the edge of coming and I took my big risk. " I want to see Billy's cock in 
your mouth."

Before she could react, I stuck my tongue in her mouth and fucked her as hard 
as I could to make her come that moment. She hesitated and then started 
sucking my tongue and coming. I came like a horse at the thought that I had 
gotten away with the introduction of the thought of incestuous sex  to my 
otherwise very straight girlfriend.

We had a smoke and rested quietly for twenty minutes or so before I started 
gently playing with her naked pussy lips. When I felt renewed juice oozing 
from her cunt, I told her how I loved those "fantasy" fucks and I had gotten 
the idea for the last story the other day when I saw Billy jerking off. She 
was surprised and I assured her that it was very normal. Of course I didn't 
tell her that it was me what put the idea and technique into Billy's head. 
This program had taken a lot of planning but each step was a kick for me so 
none of it was too much trouble.

It happened when Billy and I were alone in the house and I felt like getting 
into some mischief. The 12 year old and I were talking and goofing around and 
I fed him two cans of Coke to help the outcome I planned. I knew he'd have to 
piss very soon. I held mine in as long as possible and kept adjusting my dick 
until I had a pretty visible hard-on. I got him engaged in a conversation 
about one of his electronic games and started walking toward the bathroom. 
He naturally followed as the conversation continued and when we got into the 
bathroom, I lifted the lid and unzipped my fly as I asked him about his 
highest score in Nintendo. His eyes dropped to my fly as he answered and I 
took out my stiff and bent it down to piss. "I think you'd better take a 
leak too, before you bust." I threw a match in the bowl and challenged him to 
sink it first.

Billy took out his half hard uncut prick and began to pee at the floating 
match. I was soon finished, but I just stood there slowly rubbing my cock. 
When he looked at what I was doing I told him it was "itchy". As he finished 
pissing I asked him if his thing ever got itchy and he nodded yes. I told him 
he had to always wash under the foreskin when he took a bath and then while 
he was again staring at my still stiff and exposed cock, I reached to his 
little prick and slowly pulled the skin back. "You have to wash under here". 
I moved my fingers back and forth on his cock only twice before it began to 
get stiff. "That's nothing, if it starts to itch when it gets hard like that, 
just rub it a little like this". I put his hand around his cock and moved it 
back and forth . He continued the motion and I did the same with mine. He was 
watching me as I slowly increased the tempo and smiled at him. We increased 
the jacking motion to a full jerk-off  and when I saw him coming to an orgasm
I turned away and shot my load into my hand.

Step one was done and now I wanted to get him in deeper. 

The following Saturday, Billy's mother and sister had to leave for a few 
hours, and I started right away. We were watching TV and I was rubbing my 
pants almost absent-mindedly. Billy was sitting on the couch next to me and 
when he saw what I was doing I just said "Itchy". He smiled when I reached 
over and touched his zipper and asked "You too?" He nodded yes, and I 
continued to squeeze his prick from outside his pants. When I felt his full 
hard-on, I unzipped his pants and reached into his underwear. "How about 
helping me?", I asked. He fumbled with my zipper so I helped by pulling it 
down half way. He open it fully as I played with his cock and I showed him 
where the opening in my shorts was. His cool 12 year old tiny hand encircled 
my hard cock and wrestled it free. "It's very itchy", I said and he started 
rubbing it up and down. "It's easier if you get it wet like this." I leaned 
over and slipped his stiff young cock into my mouth. After a few sucks, I 
said, "Now you." I watched as his face came close to the head of my prick and 
saw his young mouth open and engulf half of my rod. 

He sat back again as we both increased the speed and firmness of the mutual 
jerk-off. We came at the same time and this time I let the come fly up all 
over his hand. 

I cleaned up the mess and explained the juice to Billy's seeming satisfaction.

No, I didn't tell Sue how I had come to see Billy jerking off, but that 
detail wasn't necessary for the fulfilment of my goal.

Sue was getting hot again and she started playing with my cock, but almost 
absent mindedly. "How long did you watch him? Do you think he had an orgasm?"
she asked. "Ah, I don't want to get you upset or anything, but I'm sure he 
came 'cause how he pulled it real fast, stiffened up and then stopped."
"It even made me kinda hot.", I added. "You're an animal", she laughed and 
then I knew we were no longer on taboo ground. "No kiddin', he's got a nice 
looking cock, and big for his age", I said as I pushed my fingers deeper 
into her hole. She leaned over and took the full length of my prick into her 
mouth and started slow sucking. I made up another fantasy tale for her about 
her being alone with her 12 year old son and they come back from the beach 
and he's all sunburned and she has to put lotion on his body and help him get 
his swim trunks off. She was still sucking me while I put one finger in her 
asshole. I told her how Billy's cock would point straight out as she peeled 
the trunks down and how she would continue to apply the lotion over his ass 
and between his legs and onto his hard on.

I couldn't stand it any more. "I want to watch you suck Billy's cock while
I eat your daughter's cunt." I almost yelled it out and at the same time
crashed into despair that I had just blew my whole scheme by telling Sue 
what I had only dreamed about for so long. Sue just kept sucking my cock
and then put my fingers in her cunt, signaling to jerk her off. Not only
wasn't I about to be thrown out of the house, the story had made her hot!

She swallowed every drop of come and then I ate her through two more orgasms
like thanking her for letting that glorious door of possibility stay wide
open.

To be continued. Leave me your comments in Door 19.

--
