Archive-name: 3plus/hotsexaf.txt
Archive-author: Hosaka Storm      
Archive-title: Hot Sex in the Afternoon


The following is a true story which happened to me about three years
ago. Of course, the names have been changed to protect the guilty (and
Naughty).


     About three years ago I worked in a major fast food
establishment. There were several people who worked there with me, but
there was one female in particular who absolutely made me drool. Her
name  as Stefanie, and she was about a year younger than I. She was
about 5'4", and had long brown hair, blue eyes, wonderfully firm
breasts, and an ass that would, as they say, make a dead man cum. One
day after having worked there for about a year, Stefanie and I decided
to go off together one Saturday afternoon. I picked her up around 1:00, and we
headed for Little Five Points. As she got in the car, I could tell she
wasn't wearing a bra; her nipples lightly poking through her tank top
and thin shirt pulled over it. She sat down in the passenger seat, and
we took off. As we pulled out of her driveway, she asked me if I could
take her by her friend Laura's house. I said no problem, and headed for
Laura's. (Laura is also one of thos girls that everyone wants to fuck,
including other girls.) We drove up at Laura's house, Stefanie got out,
and said she'd be right back. I sat there for about ten minutes,
wondering what was taking so long, when Laura emerged from the house,
wearing a very small swim suit. She approached my car, and said she and
Stefanie had something they wanted to show me, and would I come inside.
I noticed a slight musky odour as Laura said these things to me (she was
leaning inside the car) and for just a second, I thought it smelled like
pussy. But I dismissed that thought, because I didn't think these girls
got into that kind of thing. Boy was I wrong! I walked in, with Laura
following close behind. Once inside, she closed the door and locked it.
I was then led by the hand to her bedroom where I got the shock of my
life. There was Stefanie, completely naked, lying on the bed looking
like she was ready for some action (not to mention like she had already
seen some). She was even more beautiful naked. She had full breasts
which were unbelievably firm, and a light brown bush that had been
trimmed into a narrow line about 1 inch across. Laura walked in behind
from behind me, and began to strip,exposing her full, beautiful brests,
and completely shaved pussy. The sight of these two georgeous girls made
my cock become rigid almost instantly, threaghtening to break my zipper.
Laura then walked over to the bed, lay down  between Stefanie's legs,
and began sucking away at her cunt. Again my dick throbbed. Stefanie
began squirming under Laura's manipulations, and soon worked into a
sixty-nine position to return the favour. Both girls began feverishly
licking each other's cunt, sending shock waves through their bodies.
This was almost getting to be too much for me, and I told them so.

   "Why don't you join us? There's plenty of pussy here." Stefanie said
in her most sultry voice.

   With that I undressed, and let the monster in my pants get some air.
Laura motioned for me to come over, so I did. Immediately she placed
most of my dick in her mouth, and began sucking on it. My mind was
reeling, it felt so good. Mind you, she had not forgotten about
Stefanie. She had three fingers up in Stefanie's pussy, working away.
After about five minutes of this, Stefanie announced that she wanted to
taste my cum. (Stefanie and I were very open with each other when we
talked, even when we were talking about sex, and she had once told me
how much she loved the taste and feel of cum). I lay down on the bed,
and she took over for Laura, sucking and rubbing my enlarged dick. Laura
got behind Stefanie (Stef was on her knees) lay down on her back, and
began to lick Stef's pussy again. Stefanie began groaning with pleasure,
and the vibrations from those gutteral noises only intensified my
pleasure. After a few more minutes of this, I could feel the hot semen
rising up through my cock. I began to buck my hips, and then erupted a
load of cum into her hungry mouth. She sucked my dick like there was
no tomorrow, milking every last drop of cum out of it that she could,
obviously enjoying herself. I began to see little rivulets of cum
running out of the corners of her mouth, but she managed to get these
back in with her tongue. Suddenly, Stefanie began to cum from what Laura
was doing to her. Sh began to flail about, and moan very loudly. She
began sucking even harder on my prick, getting another drop or two out,
before her orgasm subsided. She sat up, releasing my still-hard cock,
and smiled a cum-coated smile.

    "That was wonderful!" she screamed, grabbing my dick and Luara's
pussy at the same time. "I think Laura want's that cock inside her cunt,
what do you think?"

    "I think so too." I replied.

Stefanie then got in another sixty-nine, with Laura on top, and began
licking Laura's dripping wet cunt. I got on my knees, and moved in
behind Laura's beautiful ass. I grasped her ass-cheeks, and spread them
apart to make my entrance. The moisture of her cunt was smeared all over
her inner thighs, and asshole. I put the head of my dick at the entrance
to her slick hole, and began to push forward. She let out a sigh of
pleasure, as I continued into her sopping wet pussy. It was without a
doubt the hottest, tightest, wetest pussy I have ever had the pleasure
of knowing. I began to pump hard into her making her scream with
pleasure. I could feel Stefanie underneath, licking Laura's pussy, and
then my balls, hightening the mood. I rubbed a finger in Laura's
slippery juices, and then began rubbing her asshole. After a few seconds,
I slowly pushed my finger into it, and began fucking her ass with it.
This sent her over the edge, and she had a massive orgasm, screaming and
bucking all the while. This went on for several minutes, and soon, I
could feel the steam rising inside me again, and announced to the girls
that I was about to cum. Laura and Stefanie both instructed me to cum
in Laura's pussy, and no where else. Eager to comply, I pumped into her
until I could hold back no longer, and then began gushing what felt like
gallons of semen into her hot cunt. As soon as I had finished, Stefanine
looked at me from between Laura's legs, her face shiny with Laura's
juice, and said "Now for my treat."

   What happened next almost defies explanation. I moved over to the head
of the bed to observe, and got a real treat. Laura sat up on her knees,
and lowered herself down onto Stefanie's mouth. She didn't go all the
way down on her face, just close enough for Stefanie to lick her pussy.
Laura then spread wide the lips of her pussy, and let my cum run out
onto Stefanie's outstreched tongue. Stefanie began lapping up my cum
like a kitten drinking milk. It was so erotic. I could see my cum
dripping out of Laura in rivers, and going right into Stefanie's
mouth. She then raiseed up an mashed her face against Laura's pussy,
sucking hard to get the last bit of cum and vaginal juice that she
could. Just the sight of that had me rock hard again, and soon I was
ready to go again. (Stefanie had told me before that she loved the taste
of cum, but she later told me she liked it even better drinking it out of
another girl's cunt.) We spent the rest of the afternoon together and
most of the night, and Stefanie and I completely forgot about Little
Five Points....



If you would like to hear more about our experiences, both that night
and in the days that followed, leave me a message to that effect.



                                    Hosaka Storm

