Archive-name: Family/hotsumr1.txt
Archive-author: Diamond Cutter
Archive-title: One Hot Summer...1


Chapter 1
She Arrives.

It was the summer of 1961. I was 14, a student in junior
high school. We lived in an affluent suburb of an upper
midwest city, in a big old Edwardian three story brick
house. My father was a very successful senior executive with
a defense company, and our lifestyle was comfortable in the
extreme. I was the eldest of 5, three girls and two boys. My
mother was essentially a housewife, but my father's position
dictated a very busy social life. They employed an older
Irish lady to cook , keep house, and "mind" the youngsters.

At the end of the '60-'61 school year, the Irish lady
announced that she would be returning to Ireland for the
summer to see her aged mother.This threw my mother into a
serious tailspin, as the thought of maintaining her heavy
social calendar, and having to keep a large house in order
was more than she could bear. After some discussion  with my
father, she persuaded him that a summer replacement for the
Irish lady would be necessary if he expected her to keep up
with things. He suggested an older spinster aunt from the
east coast who was always volunteering to visit us, and she
agreed to see what could be worked out.

The old aunt did agree to help out over the summer, but the
idea of "minding the kids" was a bit much for her, and she
lacked a driver's license. She agreed to come, provided that
the kids would be someone elses responsibility.

My father reluctantly agreed that a more or less full time
baby sitter would be needed in addition to the old aunt, and
he mentioned someone at work who might be able to help. My
father's company had a large manufacturing division in the
Philadelphia area, and the manager of the plant had a
daughter who was finishing her freshman year at Penn State.
He had casually mentioned to my father that his daughter was
looking for Au Pair work over the summer break. Arrangements
were made, and my mother announced to us that we would have
this young lady in residence for the summer.

Actually, I'm a little surprised that I recall anything
about this part of the story. Remember, I was 14. My young
male brain was heavily absorbed in dealing with the newly
minted male hormones which were surging through my athletic
(and still developing) young body. In  fact, what little
intellectual activity I could muster was heavily devoted to
fantasizing about uses for my male member, which was rapidly
becoming something between an embarrasment (honest, I could
have an erection thinking about a stop sign!), and an
obsession.

Well, anyway, that's how Sandy came into our lives, and mine
in particular. As the school year ended, I had little idea
of the long, hot summer it would become.

Before I describe Sandy's arrival at our house, I should
briefly describe the house itself. It was, as I said, a
large brick Edwardian house,  with Tudor pretensions, built
I suppose in the 1920's. It had lovely, large high ceiling
rooms, including three "suites", each of which had a
bedroom, bath, and sitting room. My parents of course had
the master bedroom suite, the Irish lady had a suite to
herself in the back of the house over the large kitchen, and
my brother and sisters each had rooms of their own. with
adjoining baths. I occupied a suite on the third floor, all
to myself. The third floor consisted of my suite, and a
large room we called the "ballroom", which was intended to
be exactly that, but which we had made into a large indoor
playroom.

My mother decided that Sandy would occupy the Irish Lady's
suite, and the aunt would stay in our large double guest
room.

Sandy duly arrived one day in late June, shortly after the
school year ended. She was indeed sandy, with short brownish
blond hair. Slightly tall, thin, and somewhat aristocratic
looking, she had a look to match her Main Line Philadelphia
last name. In Sandy's case looks were a little deceiving,
because in short order we discovered her to be quite
pleasant and friendly, with a warm unselfconscious smile and
a disposition to match.. She had as well the most appealing,
and probably the first,  Philly accent I'd ever heard.

After a few days of shuttling kids hither and yon, and
keeping an eye on the younger members of the household,
Sandy fit right in.

Part of her arrangement with my mother included two
afternoons a week, and Sundays, off. Since she was a
stranger to our city, she really didn't have much to do on
her time off, and she spent a lot of her free time the first
week just reading in her room, or, in good weather, sunning
herself in the back yard.

The first afternoon she had off after her arrival was a
particularlly warm day, with temperatures close to 90
degrees. About 1 in the afternoon I arrived home from
somewhere or other to find the house seemingly empty. My
mother, it transpired, had taken everyone, including my
aunt, to lunch and a movie matinee. I had been off with
friends playing sandlot baseball about a mile from home, and
I arrived hot, tired, and in need of a shower. I trudged up
the two flights of stairs toward my room with the shower
very much in mind. Halfway up the stairs from the second to
the third floor, I glanced out a window which overlooked our
fenced in backyard, and saw Sandy lying on her back on a
beach towel spread on the lawn. She was wearing a bathing
suit, and reading a book. Her shoulders and thighs were
glistening with suntan oil. I could see just the tops of her
small breasts move up and down as she breathed, and the
mixed oil and sweat accentuated their gentle up and down
movement. I stood on the stairway landing unmoving, watching
her breasts rise and fall. As if it had a mind of it's own,
my penis quickly stiffened and strained against the fabric
of my jockey shorts. I could feel the wetness of it's
lubrication against my shorts, and my hand reached down to
touch it. As my hand reached the swollen tip of my orgam, I
felt the warmth spreading from my quickening loins.

As I leaned against the window sill and gently stroked my
pulsing organ through the fabric of my shorts, my eyes never
left Sandy's pert, shiny undulating breasts.

After a short time, Sandy put her book aside, and reached
for the suntan oil. She unscrewed the cap and rolled over
onto her stomach. With her hands she applied oil to her
shoulders and back, then poured more oil onto her hands, sat
up, and began applying it to the backs of her thighs. When
she finished, she took her right hand, which was sitll
covered with oil, and wiped the residue onto the inside of
her thighs, stroking from the tops to the knees along the
soft, white.flesh. As she lay down on her stomach again, I
noticed that her right arm was still beneath her, and the
angle of her forearm could only place her hand down between
her legs. I gasped audibly in astonishment, and my own hand
began to stroke my raging erection.

At first Sandy lay quite still on her stomach, with her head
turned to the side, her mouth slightly open. Gradually,
through the fabric of her bathing suit I could see he small,
firm buttocks slowly begin to clench and relax
rythmically."Jesus", I whispered to myself, as my heart
raced and my knees became wobbly, "She's masturbating!".

Sandy's butt clenching rhythm, at first imperceptable and
slow, gradually became more noticeable and faster. After a
while she developed a short, staccato hip thrust movement to
accompany her buttock clenching, and her movements became
faster, and jerkier. After several minutes, she arched her
back quickly three or four times for a second or two each
time, pressing her slim hips into the earth each time and
clenching her buttocks strongly. With the last spasm, which
lasted longer than the preceeding ones, her mouth gaped, and
her face distorted. I could only imagine the sounds she was
making. Finally, with a little shake of her butt, she
collapsed onto the beach towel,  gave a little shudder, and
lay still. At that moment my penis burst in the most intense
and prolonged orgasm of my young life. It literally exploded
into my tight shorts, as my knees turned to water.

It took me a moment to regain my senses. Feeling the hot,
sticky warmth of a massive ejacutation turn cold and wet
against my skin, I struggled up the final stairs to my room,
and waddled into the bathroom. After a quick, hot shower, I
threw myself onto my bed and fell into a deep and dreamless
sleep.
.

Chapter 2
Young boy meets girl

Later that afternoon, I awoke to the normal sounds of the
household. I rolled over in bed and glanced at my clock. It
said that I had slept for 4 hours, and that it was
approaching the dinner hour. I lay for several minutes in
the dreamy haze between sleep and conscioness, thinking back
on the afternoon and its events. As I remembered Sandy's
small, firm buttocks clenching in ecstasy, I could feel the
warmth creeping into my loins, and the stiffening of my
tireless young member.

My mother's voice jolted me from my reverie, as she called
up the stairs to announce dinner. With a sigh, I rose to my
feet and pulled on my shorts. I felt curiously shy at the
idea of sitting across from Sandy at dinner, as if we shared
an important secret. But I shrugged off the thought as
silly, and another thought came to mind which made me
shiver. I wished I could have heard her this afternoon, the
sounds she made as pleasure coursed through her shuddering
body, and I thought that the sound of her voice at dinner
would recall those sounds I couldn't hear. I tingled all
over as I ambled down the stairs to the dining room.

Sandy was there helping my aunt set the table. She was
dressed in shorts and a loose fitting sleeveless shirt, and
as she bent over to place a casserole dish on the table, I
looked down the front of her shirt straining to see whatever
I might. As she placed the dish down, her eyes quickly rose
and met mine. "Oh shit", I thought, "she caught me looking".
She smiled her sweet unselfconscious smile and sat down
across the table from me.

Dinner proceeded uneventfully, except that I couldn't keep
my thoughts off the picture of Sandy's clenching butt. As
she spoke, my hot, twisted mind altered every word into an
imagined gasp or moan. I prayed fervently that no one would
ask me to get up and go into the kitchen for anything,
because my tight shorts would be quite useless in hiding a
partially erect 9" prick. I could only imagine what my brat
sisters would have to say!

Toward the end of the meal, my mother instructed Sandy to
get the younger kids in bed by 9pm, which was the time Sandy
usually finished for the day. Mother said that she and
father would be going to the home of a business associate of
my father's to play cards.

Sandy looked across the table at me and asked if I knew how
to play cards. With unwarranted bravado, I announced that I
was an excellent card player, after all what educated 14
year old male didn't know how to play cards.

At this she looked pleased, and she asked me if I knew how
to play gin. I answered that I did, sort of. With that she
offered to teach me the finer points after the kids were in
bed.

Shortly after dinner, my parents left for their card game,
and after a short evening of tv, Sandy put the kids to bed.
After the last one was tucked in, she reminded me of our
date to play cards, and asked me to come to her sitting room
in 15 minutes.

14 1/2 minutes later. I knocked on her sitting room door,
and I heard her voice from her bedroom call out to come in.
I opened the door and walked into the sitting room. The room
contained a chaise lounge, two overstuffed chairs of
uncertain vintage, a coffee table, and two floor lamps. I
threw myself into one chair as her voice came from the other
room; "Just a sec, I have to get a deck of cards from my
suitcase".

I sat patiently for a minute until I heard her footsteps
coming from the bedroom, through the bathroom adjoining the
sitting room. As she walked thru the sitting room door, I
almost lost it totally. Her shorts were now gone, and she
was clad only in shirt and cotton panties!

Unselfconsciously she dragged the coffee table in front of
my chair, giving me a tantalizing view of her tight little
butt encased in those cotton panties, then pulled up an
ottoman to the opposite side of the table and proceeded to
sit lotus fashion on the ottoman directly across from me.

My mouth was so dry I didn't think I could speak. I tried as
surreptitously as possible to look at the junction of her
lovely thighs, now separated from my view by only the
tiniest bit of material. Whispy soft brown curly hairs
covered the tops of her thighs,  and peeked around the edges
of her panties.

Sandy proceeded to deal cards, and to explain the rules and
finer points of gin, but her efforts were largely wasted. My
hormones were pumping again, and it took every bit of
willpower in my posession to keep my prick from ripping
through my shorts and introducing itself to the young lady
opposite me. As she spoke softly, and shifted gently on the
ottoman, I became less and less able to control the growing
tumescence
of my penis. It bulged more and more noticeably, and I
waited helplessly for the inevitable.

Suddenly I became aware that Sandy had stopped talking, and
was looking at me with an impish expression. Softly she
said, "You know, I have three brothers at home. I know what
an erection looks like, and you shouldn't be embarassed.
It's hard to be fourteen, I know."

I was speachless, and I suppose I turned as red as a beet.
Sandy smiled again, and said "I know just the trick," With
that she rose from the ottoman, and walked to the bathroom,
returning in a minute with a towel. She pushed the coffee
table from between us, and motioned me to stand up. I did,
and in an eyelash she had my shorts around my ankles, then
she pushed me gently backward into the chair. I fell back
into a sitting position, and she knelt in front of me
between my legs. Her left hand went under my balls and
cupped them, while she wrapped her right hand firmly around
my rigid shaft and began stroking up and down its length. As
she stroked she murmured almost to herself,"Wow, you're
bigger than my brothers. What a pretty penis. So strong, and
so warm."   After about ten strokes, I gave up and the
weapon went off in her hand with a series of pulsing gushes.
The first shot flew up over her head and for all I know went
into earth orbit. The next couple flew up and landed in her
hair. The rest ran down over her still pumping  hand and
forearm. Sandy continued stroking the shaft until well after
it stopped erupting. As it softened in her hand, she laid it
gently on my abdomen, and reached for the towel.

"Feel better now?", she asked with a smile. "I'll bet you
do. Well, we seem to have made a mess, and you look like you
need a rest, so toddle off to bed, and I'll clean up. We'll
continue our card lessons another time"

With that she gave me a peck on the cheek, and bid me
goodnight. I struggled up the stairs to my room and threw
myself across the bed in exhaustion.


Chapter 3
Auntie


Over the next couple of weeks, we rendezvoused several more
times for card lessons. The events of the first lesson were
not mentioned or alluded to at all. Sandy was fully dressed
each time, and I actually learned to play gin fairly well.

After Sandy had been with us for almost a month, one night
she invited me for cards when my folks were out of the
house. When I arrived at her sitting room at the appointed
time, I found her curled up on her chaise loungs, clad in a
bathrobe, and sound asleep. As I turned to tiptoe out again,
she groaned slightly, and shifted her position. As she
moved, one side of her robe fell open, exposing her right
side, from breast to pubis. I stood frozen in place, unable
to move, or even breath. She was the first real woman I'd
ever seen, and to me she was breathtaking. Her small, round,
taut breast was topped by a perfect brown nipple about a
inch across, proud and erect. Her trim body was exquisitely
proportioned, with soft, round, hips, and a flat stomach.
Her mons was covered with fleecy brown, almost reddish hair.
Her skin was smooth and soft looking. The urge to reach out
and touch her was almost unbearable. As I stood rooted to
the spot staring at her, she stirred and opened her eyes. As
she rose to consciousness, her hand swept over and closed
her robe without a trace of embarrasment. She smiled up at
me, and I guess I blushed. Her eyes moved downward, and the
impish grin of three weeks ago creased her face.

Suddenly I became aware of my tumescent state, as was she.
She looked up at me and said "Well, here you go again.
You're as bad as my brothers!"

With that she sat upright, and reached for my hand, pulling
me toward her. When I was directly in front of her, she
lowered the zipper on my shorts, and reached her hand
inside. As her hand drew my shaft from its confinement, I
groaned with ecstasy. She looked at the distended purplish
knob at the end of my penis with undisguised pleasure, then
glanced up at me.

"You really are delicious" she said with a tremor. Before I
could register a conscious thought, she placed the tip of my
throbbing  organ between her lips, and ran her tongue along
the bottom. Immediately it jerked in her hand and began to
spurt gobs of goo, first into her mouth, then onto her face
as she held it tightly.

When it finally stopped erupting, she looked up, smiled her
impish smile, and said, "Well, we're gonna have to teach
this monster a little patience if its gonna make a lady
happy."

Both of us had been so absorbed that we failed to hear
footsteps outside the sitting room door. One of us, I don't
remember which, became aware that we weren't alone.
Something caused me to turn toward the door, and when I did,
my blood froze. There, in the doorway, frozen in her tracks
with her mouth agape, was my spinster aunt. Before her
glassed over eyes was a sight the like of which she had
never seen in any of her 51 years. Me with a still partially
erect penis, firmly in the grip of Sandy, whose face, and
hair was covered , and whose lips were dripping, cum. We
stared at each other for what seemed an eternity, each
frozen into immobility.

Finally, the impasse was broken when the poor lady slumped
to the floor in a dead faint.

Sandy stood up at once, a look of horror on her stricken
face. She walked quickly toward the bathroom, pausing only
to motion me to help my aunt who was lying rather awkwardly
in the doorway. I stuffed my now flaccid organ onto my
shorts, pulled up the zipper, and walked over to auntie. I
reached down and gently laid her flat on the floor, my mind
racing, my heart pounding.

Sandy returned from the bathroom and looked at auntie on the
floor. "Jesus, what do we do now? Is she alright?"

I knelt down next to the supine lady, searching frantically
for some sign of life. To my imense relief, I could hear her
snoring gently, and see the rise and fall of her chest.

"Yea, I think she's ok." I said.

Sandy looked at me, and at auntie, and said, "Well, you
better get her to her room."

I nodded dumbly at her, and reached down to pick auntie up
off the floor. She was surprisingly light, and I picked her
up with little effort. I moved out into the hallway and
toward the guest bedroom in the front of the house. I
watched her face as I carried her. It was a young face for a
woman of 51. Auntie was not very tall, maybe 5'1", and she
was not heavy. I would call her matronly. Her short black
hair was sprinkled with grey. She had rather large breasts
for a woman her size, and I always had the impression that
they embarrassed her. She always wore "old lady" clothes to
hide her figure, and she was kind of a shy, quiet person.

I walked into the guest bedroom, and placed auntie on the
closest bed, placing her head gently on the pillow. I
attempted to straighten her clothing out, and I untied and
removed her shoes.

Sandy walked in right behind me, and I could see tears
streaking her face. "What do we do now?" she whispered to
herself.

I looked down at auntie, and only two possible conclusions
came to mind, she would wake up and kill us, or she would
tell my father and HE would kill us. Either way, we were
dead meat.

Sandy sobbed quietly, and I put my arm around her. She
heaved a sigh, and said, "Well, I guess tomorrow I'm gone,
one way or another. I think I'll go to bed."

She turned to leave, then paused, and said "Why don't you
get her under the covers, maybe she'll think it was all a
dream...", then she left.

I turned back to auntie, and thought about Sandy's advice.
Well, it wasn't much, but it was all we had.

Out of a peculiar sense of modesty, I reached over the bed
and turned out the light. The only light in the room came
from the hallway outside. I reached down and began to
unbutton aunties dress, praying that she would stay out
until I finished.  I freed all the buttons quickly, and as
gently as I could I removed her dress.
I walked over to her dresser, and fumbled for a nightgown. I
pulled out a granny type nightdress, and walked back to the
bed. Auntie was laying on her back, dressed in panties and
bra. For the first time I noticed just how large her breasts
were. They filled a pair of ample cups to overflowing. My
eyes moved down across her flat stomach to a pair of broad
matronly hips, and a pair of legs that were a whole lot
better than I thought they'd be. As I looked at her, I felt
a stirring, then I mentally admonished myself to stick to
the job at hand.

Gently I reached beneath her back and fumbled for the catch
of her bra. The damn thing was two inches wide, and must've
had 5 hooks on it. This was gonna be a two handed job! I
reached my other hand around her back to help, and finally I
got the damn thing loose. Gently I pulled the straps off her
arms, and her very large breasts came free. They were really
beautiful! Large, and soft, with huge dark nipples. As they
came free of the cups, they pillowed back on her chest like
great cushions. By this time I had an erection, and there
wasn't a damn thing I could do about it. I was straddling
her on the bed, and I was conscious of my erection pushing
into aunties soft belly. And I wasn't the only thing that
was erect. The tips of her nipples were standing up like
soldiers on parade! "Unusual for a sleeping woman." I
thought. My eyes moved up to aunties face, and I let out an
audible gasp of surprise! Staring back at me were two very
wide open eyes!

Without a word she reached her arms up around my neck and
pulled my face down to hers. Her hungry lips pressed against
mine, and her tongue forced itself into my mouth. I
straightened my legs out and lay full length on her.
Effortlessly, her legs parted and her knees lifted up. Her
pelvis rocked up toward me, and she locked her feet behind
my thighs. With one hand I pushed my shorts down, and freed
my pulsating shaft. At the same time, her hand reached down
between our straining bodies and guided my cock toward her.
She used the head of my cock to push her soaked panties to
one side, and then giuded it toward her vagina. As it pushed
roughly past her lips and plunged inside her, she loosened
her liplock, and groaned in ecstasy.

Until my dying day I'll remember the exquisite feeling of
entering my first woman, and what a woman she was. She
started an orgasm when I was only halfway in, and her vulva
gripped my cock without mercy for a full minute, spasming
rhythmically despite the brutal, insistent thrusting of an
inexperienced 14 year old boy. With each spasm she mewed
gently, like a little cry mixed with joy and desperation. As
her spasming died, she gripped me fiercely with her arms and
legs, and heaved sobs. Her grip was so strong that it
quieted my desperate juvenile thrusting, and I sank my huge
cock deep into her liquid center, where she held it tightly,
and caressed it with the tiny muscles of her vagina. In a
short time she began a gently rocking of her hips, without
loosening her grip, pushing her clit into the base my rigid
cock. I could my orgasm rising, and I could feel hers at the
same time. In a lifetime of trying, I've never been able to
duplicate the feeling. After a minute or two of intense
feeling,  she began to come. As her vagina tightened around
my cock she literally sucked the cum out of my balls, and we
held each other in a death grip as we poured our life into
each other.

After the last spasm, our grips loosened, and we collapsed
into each other's arms. I manages to roll off her, and
promptly fell asleep. After a while, she woke me with a
nudge, and put her fingers to my lips to silence me.

"Your parent's car just entered the driveway" she whispered.

I rose from the bed, and fumbled for my shorts. I pulled
them on and moved quickly up the stairs to my room.



Chapter 4
Sis
(To be continued)

--
