Archive-name: Family/hotsumr3.txt
Archive-author: Diamond Cutter
Archive-title: One Hot Summer...3


Chapter 5
The summer moves along.

That night I slept through dinner, and woke up the next
morning close to noon. Between my physical and emotional
exertions, I was thoroughly exhausted, physically and
mentally.

As I lay half awake that hot summer morning I knew that I
had dodged more bullets in the past forty eight hours than
some do in a lifetime. I felt that my luck was bound to run
out pretty soon, and I resolved to lay low (so to speak) for
a while, and to do my best to overcome the temptation which
was suddenly all around me.

I got up, showered, dressed, and fled the house without
seeing or talking to anyone. I headed downtown with no
specific intention in mind, except to avoid human female
contact to whatever degree possible.

As noon approached the morning warmth turned to waves of
heat surging up from the blacktop. I could feel my feet
burning through the rubber soles of my sneakers as I walked
along. My throat dried, my skin burned, and I longed for a
cool drink and a little dose of air conditioning. As I
approached town, I spotted the marquee of the local movie
theater, and ducked inside. I had about the price of a movie
and a cold drink, so I bought a ticket, and a large frosty
Cola, and settled in to watch the double feature.

The show wasn't very good, but the air conditioning was
delicious. Soon I drifted off to sleep. My exhausted body
and soul simply collapsed in the cool, darkened theater. It
wasn't until the house lights came up a couple of hours
later that the usher, a school buddy, gently shook me awake.

"Hey, man, you all right", he asked as I rose from the dead.
"Yea, I'm okay, just tired" I mumbled.

"I never figured to see you here alone in the afternoon", he
said, "what have you been up to?"

"Nothing, just bored", I replied, rising from the seat.

"Hey. you goin to the party tonite?" he asked.

"What party?", I asked sleepily.

"At the town campground tonight....some of the guys from
school...."

"Naw", I said, "You goin?"

"Yea...I got a bottle of whiskey from my dad's liquor
cabinet, and some of the other guys have some stuff..."

"Well, I don't think so...my folks are having a party tonite
and they want me to stick around..."

"Hey, too bad..." he said, "it oughta be a blast..."

"Yea, well, I'll seeya..." I said over my shoulder as I
headed toward the exit.

The incredibly hot afternoon air washed over me as I left
the cool theater lobby and headed for home.  The heat rose
in waves from the sidewalk, and I stepped onto the grass to
keep the soles of my sneakers from burning. I became aware
of a car approaching from the rear, and I glanced over my
shoulder at it. It was my mom's car, and Sandy was driving.

She came to a stop opposite me, and said, "Hey, we've been
looking for you, where've you been?"

"Oh, I went to a movie", I said.

"Well, get in, you've had everyone worried."

I climbed into the passenger side and we headed home.

"You really ought to let us know where you're going, you
know  Are you ok?"

"Yeah, fine", I said glumly, slumping into the seat.

"You don't look so fine", she said, "what's the matter?"

"Bored and hot, I guess." I said, "what's new with you?"

"Welllll, guess what.....I got a date tonite!" she said with
a grin.

"My heart rate picked up, and I asked, "A date...who with?"

"You'll never guess...", she said, her grin widening.

"C'mon...who..." I said impatiently.

"Jim", she said.

"Jim from next door?", I asked incredulously.

"Yup....I met him over the back fence yesterday, and he
asked me out tonite..."

A pang of jealousy stabbed at my stomach, but I quickly
stifled it.

"That's nice." I said laconically, "Where are you going?"

"I don't know yet, he said he wanted it to be a surprise."

"Well," I said, "have a good time".

By this time we were pulling into the driveway, and I jumped
out of the car and headed for the kitchen.

As I pulled open the back door, I could see Auntie at the
stove, her back to me. I hesitated for a fraction of a
second, then entered. As the door opened, Auntie turned and
saw me. Our eyes met for a second, then she turned away,
saying" Well, the lost is found. Supper is almost ready, get
yourself washed up. We're eating early tonight because of
the party."

"OK", I said, and headed up the stairs to my room.

After a quick shower and change of clothes, I returned to
the kitchen to find my younger siblings already seated at
the supper table. Only one seat was vacant, next to my
oldest sister. As I sat down, she turned and smiled at me,
then looked away.

Dinner proceeded uneventfully until dessert, when my father
came into the kitchen to lecture us on the good behavior he
expected from us tonite while the house was full of adult
guests. It was a vaguely threatening lecture which he
delivered on all such occasions, and he varied it only
slightly from one party to another.

As he stood at the opposite end of the table from me
speaking in his stern voice, I felt the pressure of a hand
high on my thigh. My blood turned to ice as I realized it
was sis. She didn't move a facial muscle, and I didn't dare
take my eyes off my father as he spoke. Nevertheless, her
hand sought, and found, my penis, and her fingers began to
stroke the head through my pants. Not so gradually, and not
surprisingly, it sprang to life under her touch. I was
absolutely frozen to the seat. My temples began to pound as
my heart raced. Her touch was terrifying and exciting all at
once.

I think I must have swayed in the chair a little, and it
caught my fathers attention. He looked directly at me, and
said "Are you listening to me, son"

At his words, her fingers quickened their stroking, and I
was conscious of a sheen of sweat on my forehead as I
stammered "Yessir..."

"All right", he said, apparently satisfied, and he turned to
leave.

As he walked away, she removed her hand, and quickly stood
up. "Let's help auntie with the dishes" she said, walking
away.

Honestly, I could have killed her. There I was with a raging
erection. There was absolutely no way I could stand up. I
fumbled with my fork, as if to finish the last few crumbs on
an empty plate, praying for the rod in my pants to recede
enough for me to beat a hasty retreat. Eventually it did,
and I fled upstairs to my room.

After sulking for an hour or so, I decided to head for the
basement to see what was on tv. On my way downstairs, I
could hear water running in the pipes as the adults showered
in preparation for the party. Since the event was being
catered, the first floor was a beehive of activity, as the
caterer set up the downstairs rooms. I decided to sneak a
look at the preparations before my father finished dressing
and came downstairs, so I headed for the front stairway.
About halfway down the hall I heard my father's voice
muffled through the closed door to his bedroom. I ducked
into my sister's room to be out of his sight if he left the
bedroom. After a moment, I could hear his voice again, and
it was obvious that he wasn't coming out right away. But
another sound made me stop. It was a funny sound, like a
squealing. A door, never used, connected my sister's room to
the master bedroom suite next door, and I pressed my ear to
the crack between the door and the frame. I could now hear
two sounds, a rhythmic little squeal, and a slapping noise.

Curiouser and curiouser! As quietly as possible, I turned
the knob on the door, and opened it a crack. As I peeked
into the tiny opening, I saw a sight that took my breath
away. My mother was on her hands and knees, stark naked, on
the edge of the bed. My father stood on the floor in back of
her, with his hands on her hips, rhythmically pulling her
backwards as he thrust his huge penis into her from behind.
As her buttocks impacted his hairy abdomen, she squealed
softly, and their flesh made the slapping noise that had
attracted my attention.

For several minutes his thrusts and her squeals were an
unchanging rhythm. Then his buttocks began to clench more
rapidly, and his thrusts became harder and faster. As the
speed of his thrusts became more desperate, her squeals
turned to grunts. The flesh of her buttocks rippled with
each violent impact, and her hands gripped the bedcovers.
Her face was clenched and her eyes were shut tight. Suddenly
her voice rose above the other noises. "Oh...Oh....Oh", she
repeated over and over, each two letter word accompanying an
exhale forced out of her lungs by the ferocious impact from
behind.  Her arms collapsed, and her shoulders fell to the
bed. My father began to grunt as he pistoned his cock faster
and faster. Finally he groaned, and reached for his cock
with his right hand, pulling it from her glistening cunt and
stroking it rapidly over the crack of her ass. "Oh
shit...I'm cumming..." he groaned, as white jets spewed from
the huge purplish tip of his cock, splattering  my mothers
white back. Three. four, five white arcs, then a dribble
dripping wetly onto the crack of mother's upturned ass.

Father sat heavily down on the bed, still gripping his huge
organ, while mother collapsed forward onto her belly, her
back a mess of wet cum.

My own cock unnoticed in the excitement, pushed strongly
against its confinement. I gently closed the door as quietly
as possible, and leaned against the wall to regain my
composure. So riveted had I been with the scene before me,
that I was unaware that someone else had entered the room.
As I leaned heavily against the wall, I heard a slight
movement behind me, and turned to see sis standing there
watching me, as I had been watching my parents.

"How long have you been there?" I whispered.

"Long enough", she said, smiling wryly. "They do that all
the time, you know."

"Really, do you watch?", I asked.

"Sure I do, and it makes me hot to. It looks like you could
use some help."

With that, she knelt down in front of me and quickly pulled
my shorts down far enough to liberate my swollen cock. It
leaped toward her face, and she grabbed it quickly, and
began rubbing her hand up and down the rock hard shaft.
After a minute she moved her lips to the tip of the glans,
and she stuck out her pink little tongue and rubbed it
against the underside. As soon as I felt the abrasive
surface of her tongue on the underside of my penis, I came
like a firehose, sending a stream of sticky hot cum into her
open mouth.

She coughed and choked as I continued to spurt all over her
face and hair. I was terrified that the sound of her
coughing would attract attention, so I grabbed her and
pulled us both down between her twin beds, trying
desperately to muffle the sound. Gradually her choking
turned to giggling, and she looked up at me.

"Sorry", she whispered, "you just surprised me."

"Okay", I whispered back, "just keep it down...I'm gonna get
out of here before someone finds us, for Christ's sake get
cleaned up..."

With that I hiked up my shorts, and snuck from her room. As
I moved toward the third floor stairs, I heard the doorbell
announce the arrival of the first guests.

About an hour later, I walked to the basement via the back
stairway, and settled in front of the tv. Gradually the
noise from the main floor grew into a muffled din as more
and more guests arrived. I had heard my mother tell the
caterer to expect 40 or 50 guests, and it sounded like there
had been few no-shows.

The basement was paneled in a dark wood, and the only light
came from the tv set, and a small 40 watt bulb in a table
lamp. As I sat on the sofa watching a program, I heard the
door at the top of the stairs opening. For an instant the
party noise became louder, then quieted down as whoever it
was closed the door behind them.

I have to explain about these parties. They were generally a
mix of friends and / or business associates of my father's,
and I HATED them. Every guest, and especially his
subordinates at work, felt an obligation to dote over the
kids. I would rather walk across hot coals that be "doted"
over, so when I heard the door opening, my first thought was
flight. There was no way I could make it to the back
basement stairs without being seen, but there was a small
closet beneath the front stairs only a few feet from where I
sat on the sofa.
Without thinking, I ducked quickly into the closet, closing
the door quietly behind me.

This closet door was slatted like a venetian blind to allow
ventilation, and it easily admitted sounds, and offered a
good view of the tv room, if I stood on my tiptoes and
looked down thru the slats.

I ascertained quickly from the sounds descending the
stairway that the intruders were a couple, a man and a
woman. As they came down the stairs, I could hear them
whisper, and hear her giggle, although I couldn't quite hear
what they were saying.

As I watched, the man looked quickly around the room, then
returned to the woman who had waited at the foot of the
stairs. They whispered together, but apart from a couple of
nervous sounding giggles from the woman, I couldn't make out
what they were saying. Suddenly they moved directly in front
of the door, and for a panicky instant I thought they were
going to join me. But they stopped and embraced only inches
from where I stood. Now I could hear every word they
whispered.

"Now", he whispered.

"Are you sure no one's hear" she whispered back.

"Yes, dammit, c'mon..." he panted.

Her party dress rustled as she dropped quickly to her knees
in front of him. I could see his hand fumbling with his
zipper. Suddenly, only inches away, I saw his erect penis
spring from his pants. It was big, uncircumcised, and erect.

Quickly she pulled back the foreskin by wrapping her hand
around the shaft and pushing down. Then she pushed her lips
against the swollen tip and began inserting it slowly into
her mouth. Incredibly the entire organ gradually disappeared
into her mouth! I can't imagine how it fit, but honest to
God her lips almost reached the bottom of the shaft before
she began to withdraw it.

The guy groaned with delight as she slid her red lips up and
down the shaft.

"Oh, God", he groaned, "that's it baby", as he rocked his
hips gently back and forth to the rhythm of her sucking.

She made no sound as she slid up and down the swollen
member. Suddenly I could see him stiffen, and he gasped as
his cock pulsed between her lips.

Not a damn drop escaped her...she swallowed his entire load
without a sound!

When he finished shuddering and bucking in her mouth, she
removed his cock, and wiped it with a little white hanky she
got from God knows where.

Quietly he shoved his organ back into his pants, and pulled
the zipper up. As she stood, she whispered to him, "Okay,
that's my end of the deal..."

He said nothing, and the two of them walked back up the
stairs to the party, leaving me in a highly aroused state in
my little closet.

After a few minutes, I opened the closet door, and made my
way back to the couch.

After a couple of hours more, I could hear the front door
opening and closing as the guests began to drift home, and
the din of the party chatter gradually died down.

When it was relatively silent, I stole up the stairs for a
look around. The guests were gone and my mother was slumped
into an armchair looking exhausted as the caterers cleaned
up the party debris.

"How'd it go", I inquired.

"Fine," she answered tiredly, "but I'm getting too old for
this".

"Not that I can see, you're not" I thought, recalling my
last view of her matronly ass firmly skewered on a huge
cock.

"Where's dad?" I asked.

"Oh, he went to bed" she said, "And I'm going to be right
behind, as soon as this mess gets cleaned up"

The caterers had the house pulled together in no time, and
mother retired shortly thereafter.

I dropped into one of the overstuffed armchairs in the den
to contemplate another day of rich experiences, and promptly
fell asleep.

I don't know how long I was asleep, but I woke up to
automobile headlights flashing through the windows of the
den as a car pulled into our driveway.

"Who could that be", I wondered, as I rose from the chair.

I walked to the window, and I recognized our neighbor's car.

Sandy was returning from her date.
The headlights turned off, and I waited for the sound of the
back door as Sandy came in. Some time passed without the
door opening, or the headlights coming back on, and I became
curious. I walked out through the kitchen to the inside
entrance to the garage. I walked through the garage to the
one of the car entrances, and peered through a window at the
top of the door.

Outside, I could see the car pulled up close to the door. I
could also see the driver seated behind the wheel, but the
passenger side seemed empty. Then as my eyes became
accustomed to the dark, I saw something else...a little head
bouncing up and down at approximately the location of the
driver's lap!

"Well", I thought, "I guess she's kissing him goodnight!"
The thought amused me so much that I began laughing
uncontrollably, but as quietly as I could manage.

Not wanting to be caught in the headlights at the conclusion
of there good-bye, I removed myself to the kitchen, and sat
at the dinette.

About 10 minutes later the kitchen door opened, and Sandy
walked in. She greeted me with a smile, and I smiled back,
and asked her how the evening went.

"Okay", she said. "He's a nice guy, but not exactly my cup
of tea."

"Jesus", I replied, "you'd never know it from how you said
goodnight."

She stopped in her tracks, and grinned at me. "You little
minx...you were watching!" she exclaimed.

"Well, sort of.." I replied.

She looked at me for a minute, then said, "Come upstairs
while I change. There's something I think you should know
about me."

I followed her up the stairs to her sitting room, then
waited while she changed into a teddy and robe.

After a few minutes, she came out and sat down next to me on
the chaise.

"You know, I grew up in a house full of boys", she began,
"and sometimes I think I'm about half boy myself."

"Not from here", I thought, looking at the long, firm legs
peeking out from the bottom of her teddy.

I didn't express myself, however, and she continued talking.

"My brothers went through all of the growing up stuff that
you're going through, and I kind of went through some of it
with them. I've seen lots of naked boys, and I understand
about the strains of male adolescence. To me, a male
erection is a beautiful, and a natural thing, whether it's
yours, or my brothers, or anyone else's. These strong
feelings you have are natural, wonderful things, and I enjoy
sharing some of them with you. It's kind of a privilege to
share something so private with someone else. I think you're
beautiful, and I think your strong, young body is beautiful.
I like to look at it, and I feel privileged that you've
shared some of your feelings, physical and emotional, with
me. Girls go through something very similar, and for all of
us it's a wonderful, frightening, awesome, once in a
lifetime experience.

I don't have many sexual hangups, as you can probably tell.
In fact, I only have two. I don't like to give or receive
pain, and I think you should only have sex with your
husband."

The last remark startled me, and she could tell from my body
language.

"Look, I didn't have sex in the car just now, and I didn't
have it with you, or with my brothers either, although I
have shared orgasms with all of you. Sex is about making
babies, and none of us were doing that with each other. If I
share a little of your coming of age with you, that's not
sex. What happened in the car just now wasn't sex either, it
was an act of kindness, of appreciation, even of intimacy
friend to friend. But I promise you I'm a virgin, and I will
be one on my marriage bed.."

I looked at her skeptically, and said, "How can you be so
promiscuous and still be a virgin? Someday somebody's gonna
jump you for sure. You offer too many opportunities."

"It isn't easy, I'll admit. I've had plenty of close calls,
but I know something about boys that most girls never learn
until it's too late."

"What's the big secret?", I asked curiously.

"Well, I learned that the best way to keep a boiler from
exploding is to let off the steam. When it gets intense, if
I can get the hose to squirt the pressure's off."

I looked at her in astonishment.

"Don't look so surprised", she grinned.

"But don't some guys just want to get inside you?", I asked.

"Sure", she replied, "and there are some guys I really wan
to get inside me. But since I have several "entrances", so
to speak, and there is only one I need to protect, the
answer is obvious."

"Not so obvious", I replied.

"Look, the session in the car made me really hot", she said.
"And one of the guys I'd like inside is you."

I blushed, and felt my cock stiffening.

"Why don't we share another experience right now? I promise
you'll enjoy it, and I'll do all the work."

"Okay..." I replied.

With that she rose from the chaise and retreated to the
bathroom, returning a moment later with something in her
hand. She pushed me back on the chaise, and quickly pulled
my shorts off.

In a moment I felt her hand on my erect cock, and a moment
later her warm mouth.

After a minute she looked up and said "This fella doesn't
need much encouragement..."

Looking down I realized that she had expertly sheathed my
cock in a rubber without my even feeling it.

"But I thought..."I mumbled..

"Shhh" she said, as she climbed up and straddled me.

She gripped my rock hard shaft with her right hand , guided
me into the tight crack of her slim little ass, and grunted
a little as it began to slide into her anus.

"Wow, that's a big one." she whispered, as she ever so
slowly began to lower herself onto my shaft.

After penetrating an inch or so, she began to move slowly up
and down, only a little at first, but gradually taking a
little more with each downward movement. When I was mostly
inserted into her tight asshole, she lowered herself down
until her taught nipples grazed my chest. She had a
prominent little clit, and I could feel it  abrading gently
against the hair in my crotch. Her face was screwed up in
intense concentration as she moved gently along my shaft.

Her asshole was incredibly tight, and the sensation was
indescribably delicious. Her movements continued slow and
deliberate, and I didn't thrust upward for fear of hurting
her. I just let her do the work, and enjoyed the feeling.

Gradually her movements became more centered on area where
her clit rubbed against my pubic hair, and she rested her
chest on mine to allow her to move her hand down to her
crotch. As her head rested on my chest, I could feel the
movement of her body on mine, and smell the lovely scent of
her hair. It was as erotic an experience as I've ever had,
or ever was to have.

As she rubbed her clit, her movement became slightly more
sinuous and intense, and I could feel her hot breath on my
chest become more rapid. After a minute or so she whispered
"I'm going to cum.....ohhh yes, ohhh yes...ohhh yes" for
what seemed an eternity. As she whispered in ecstasy, her
body shivered over and over, and her sphincter tightened
spasmodically around my cock until it became uncomfortable.
I bit my lip to keep from crying out and interrupting her
orgasm, and gradually her sphincter loosened and she relaxed
her body against mine. We lay together, soaked in sweat and
locked together in intimacy. My cock stayed hard, buried
deep in her ass, and soon I could feel her move again gently
up and down its length.
As she moved she whispered to me softly, "See, you're inside
me, deep inside me, and I love it, I want you to stay inside
me forever, I love you so much, you're so beautiful. I love
your hard young cock. I want to feel it explode inside me.
Oh, make it come..."

As she spoke, and moved gently I felt my orgasm welling up
from somewhere deep inside, moving inexorably toward the tip
of my cock, as if she had reached inside me and was pulling
it out. My cock pulsed helplessly in the strong, firm grip
of her ass. I poured myself into her, one hot pulse after
another until I was completely drained. We lay, locked
together, bathed in sweat, as my cock went limp and slowly
was expelled from her asshole.

We fell asleep in each other's arms until the first rays of
dawn peeked into her sitting room window.


Chapter 6
Aunties Tale
(To be continued)

--
