Archive-name: Changes/hottina1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Hot Tina


   Randy and I, as roommates, were sort of an odd couple.  Of course, when we 
moved in together, we didn't know this. 
   I answered a classifed ad Randy was running, looking for a roommate.  We 
seemed to hit it off fairly well, and I moved in a week later.  Randy's 
parents were well off, and putting him through pre-med at the University.  I 
had come into town looking for a job, and had gotten an assistant manager's 
job in a local catalog showroom.  We were both fairly private people, and got 
along well because our schedules kept us apart most of the time. 
   My first suspicion that Randy indulged in sex with men came from some 
magazines he forgot to pick up off the couch.  I got up late in the morning 
(working night hours) and usually didn't get up until long after Randy left 
for class.  He evidently had been reading them that morning and lost track of 
time, and forgot to take them into his room.  They were full of men in erotic 
positions, with some photos of men performing sexual acts with each other. 
   I can't say that it bothered me, because I had a secret of my own: Tina.  
Tina was my female alter-ego, who occupied a goodly part of my closet space 
with her dresses, shoes, lingerie, and makeup.  I'd been dressing since I was 
a teenager, and couldn't part with Tina when I'd moved in.  I certainly 
wasn't going to let Randy know that I'd found him out, and I was perfectly 
well prepared to accept it if he wanted to tell me.  Tina, I discovered, 
found the magazine photos somewhat arousing. 
   We discovered each other's secrets by accident one night, when I came in 
from a night out as Tina. The house was dark when I came up the walk, and I 
assumed that Randy was asleep.  I'd spent a wonderful evening at two clubs, 
the Zodiac, and the Sapphire Room.  The former is a she-male dance/show club 
with a clientele largely consisting of gay men, and the latter a hangout for 
the local lesbian crowd.  Both clubs gladly accept the presence of TV's. More 
than one lady at the Sapphire has been surprised when Tina had more to offer 
than she'd first expected. 
   Tina was in a kicky, slutty sort of mood that evening, so I was dressed in 
my favorite short-short red knit chemise, with a black leather belt. I was 
wearing one of my longer blonde wigs. That night I'd chosen to wear stockings 
and garters instead of pantyhose since I was showing a lot of leg (the tops 
of my stockings barely reached the bottom of my dress).  My laciest push-up 
bra held up my 38C inserts.  My feet sported 4" high heels, and I'd worn my 
largest gold hoop earrings. I had my usual party-girl makeup, with frosted 
electric-green eyeshadow, black mascara, tawny blush, and a bright red 
lipstick which matched my dress. My faux glamour-length fingernails sported a 
blood-red coat of nail polish.  I was affecting a short black cigarette 
holder at the time, a clever piece of exotica which never failed to catch the 
attention of those around me. 
   I opened the front door and surprised Randy on the couch with his best 
friend Adam.  They were both naked, Adam on all-fours with Randy's cock deep 
in his ass.  Randy was pumping for all he was worth, a grimace of ecstasy 
contorting his face.  The sound of the door opening surprised him, and he 
looked up to see me standing there.  He stopped with his cock rammed inside 
Adam and stammered, trying to find some explanation for the scene I'd 
encountered. 
   "Don't worry yourself, honey, have a good time,"  I said in my best Tina 
voice, flouncing into an armchair and propping my legs up over the armrests.  
The bottom of my dress rose up over my stocking tops, revealing the straps of 
my garters, and putting the luscious curve of my nylon-sheathed calves into 
sharp relief against the wall.  I took a cigarette, the holder, and my 
lighter out of my handbag, and set about lighting up. "I'll just enjoy myself 
over here while I watch you two make love."  Adam watched me wide-eyed as I 
took an absent-minded puff from my cigarette holder and stared at the two of 
them.  "What are you waiting for, Randy darling?" I demanded.  "I'll be very 
upset if I don't see you come." 
   "I didn't know that you lived with a woman," Adam said to Randy, his eyes 
wide and still riveted to me. 
   I stood up suddenly, cigarette holder clenched between my teeth, and put my 
hands on my hips in a slinky, coy sort of way.  "You want me, don't you?" I 
asked in a breathy Tina voice.  I ran my hands up my body to fondle my faux 
bosom, teasing my "nipples" with long, scarlet-enameled nails. 
   Randy was still motionless, watching my performance with his jaw hanging 
down.  "You'd better get on with the fucking, Randy," I admonished him. "Adam 
wants his butt filled with your hot, sticky cum." 
   I strutted over to the couch, swinging my ass in an exaggerated way. Then I 
just stood there and watched as Randy started moving his cock again in Adam's 
ass.  Adam continued to watch me as Randy's pace increased and he forgot me 
in favor of the pleasure of fucking Adam. The sight of two men fucking on the 
couch was making Tina hot, and I realized with a start that she was taking 
control of the situation.  I was never interested in male-male sex, but with 
Tina in charge it seemed natural to play the vamp. 
   "You really want to do me, don't you Adam?" I asked again.  Adam nodded 
quickly.  It seemed he had forgotten Randy completely.  "Well, no one with a 
cock up his ass can have me, darling,"  I said, removing the cigarette holder 
from between my lusciously-painted lips and placing my mouth just an inch 
away from Adam's.  "It seems to me like you want to be Randy's woman right 
now, and a woman ought to be wearing some lipstick to make herself more 
attractive."  I brought my lips up to Adam's and kissed him firmly, leaving a 
very visible red stain on his mouth.  "There, that looks wonderful on you.  
Your woman is wearing pretty red lipstick now, Randy, and I'm sure she'll 
want you to kiss her when you're done." 
   I stood up, returning the cigarette holder to my mouth, and stood in front 
of them in an exaggerated vamp hands-on-hips posture,  watching the tableau 
before me. Adam rubbed his lips together, the slick feel of feminine paint on 
his lips making him become visibly excited.  His cock, at first shrunken when 
I made my entrance, swelled to respectable proportions as he got more and 
more turned on by the sheen of lipstick on his mouth. 
   Suddenly, Randy came with a satisfied moan, shooting what must have been a 
tremendous wad up Adam's asshole.  He pulled out and sprawled backward on the 
couch, his pole losing its stiffness.  Adam immediately turned over into a 
sitting position, and moved his hands down to his swollen meat.  He began 
masturbating while watching me stand before him.  Within seconds he sprayed 
cum onto his hairless chest and sleek belly. 
   I figured they needed some time to be alone.  "Well, now that you boys are 
satisfied, I'm going to head off to my room."  I picked up my purse and 
flounced toward my room.  I turned at the doorway and pursed my lips in 
Randy's direction.  "See you in the morning, Randy-luv," I said, closing the 
door behind me. 
   Adam said something in a low voice, which through the closed door sounded 
suspiciously like "kiss me." 
                                   ******* 
   When I got up the next morning I realized that Randy and I were going to 
have to do some talking.  I figured that Tina would have to be the one that 
showed up at breakfast, so after I showered I put on a cute little sundress, 
and some medium-heeled sandals.  It would be Tina's first morning, almost her 
first time in daylight. 
   Although my female vanity demanded the 38C inserts, I settled for the 38B.  
My makeup was simple Saturday-morning:  brown mascara, light pink blush, and 
a glimmer of coral-peach lipstick.  I put on a shorter blonde wig, and 
conservative button earrings.  The fire-engine nail polish stayed, partly as 
a reminder of the night before, but mostly because I liked it. 
   Randy was already at the breakfast table when I entered the kitchen.  He 
watched me cross the room, open the refrigerator, and pour myself a glass of 
juice. 
   "You look nice," he volunteered, putting down the newspaper. 
   "Nice of you to say so," I said, falling completely into the Tina role. I 
leaned against the countertop, holding my glass. 
   "You really gave Adam and me a start last night." 
   "Sorry, Randy, but you took me by surprise, too.  But it's okay with me 
what you do with him." 
   He surveyed me from tip to toes.  "I don't know what to call you." 
   "My name is Tina.  I didn't tell you my name last night, did I?"  I sipped 
the juice slowly, rubbing my left ankle against my smooth right calf.  "I'm 
sorry if my behavior startled you."  The lip print on the top of my glass 
reminded me forcefully that I was standing in front of my roommate in a dress 
and makeup. 
   "Oh, that's all right," he said, putting the paper down on the table. "Adam 
seems really turned on by the lipstick you put on him last night. I think 
he's out trying to buy some right now." 
   "Were you turned on by it, Randy?"  I asked slyly, giving him a shy smile. 
   "Well, I'm really more turned on by you wearing lipstick than by Adam. I've 
always been interested in you, but I didn't think you were reachable. Of 
course, now I'm not so sure..."  He let the comment trail off, leaving me an 
opening. 
   It was an opening I didn't know how to fill.  I knew it would be natural 
for Tina to be attracted to Randy, but my male persona wasn't sure at all 
what was going on.  "Well, I, I mean, the dressing is just something I do, 
Randy.  I'm not really attracted to men at all--I just like playing a 
feminine role once in awhile." 
   "How feminine?" he asked significantly, standing up. 
   All of a sudden Tina/I was aware of his presence in a way I'd never been 
before.  I felt warmer, suddenly, and vulnerable.  He must have sensed my 
feelings, because he approached me, and I felt a barrier collapsing that I 
wasn't sure I wanted to lose.  Still, as he came closer and closer, I found 
my arms reaching out to him.  "Let's find out," Tina/I said in a husky voice, 
as he moved into my embrace.  My long-nailed fingers laced behind his head, 
pulling his mouth to mine. 
   His lips touched mine in a kiss that was sweeter than any I'd ever had. 
While I'd kissed women who were wearing lipstick, I'd never kissed anyone 
while wearing it myself.  The feeling was erotically sensuous, and female, 
and more than my senses could parse all at once.  He pressed his body into 
mine, and suddenly I was aware of the bulge in his crotch pressing against my 
pubic area.  That sent Tina further away, and brought me back into control. 
   "That's all I can do right now, Randy," I said, releasing his head.  I 
wiped the shimmer of my lipstick off of his luscious mouth, giving him a 
nervous little smile.  "I enjoyed that, but I'm not ready to commit to being 
a woman yet.  I don't know if I will ever be." 
   "That's okay," he said, stepping back a little.  "I guess most of the time 
you spend around people who know what you do, but don't treat you as a 
woman." 
   "That's true," I replied.  "If they know me at all, they know me as a guy 
in a dress.  They accept it, but they don't think of me as a woman." 
   "I have no problem at all thinking of you as a woman," Randy said, putting 
his hands on my trim waist and pulling us back together.  He lowered his 
mouth to mine again, caressing my soft lips with his own. This time the 
closeness of our bodies was something I wanted;  I felt my breasts pushed 
against him, and wished they were my own instead of just imitations.  
Suddenly Tina was more than just a masquerade.  Tina was fully alive, and 
whatever I was before didn't matter. 
   And then the kiss was over.  Randy released me, leaving me breathless, and 
stepped back to look at me.  "How do you feel now?" he asked. 
   "I like it a lot, Randy, but I can't have sex with you. 
   "Forget about that," he said.  "I don't want you thinking that I just want 
to get into your panties.  We really should just be friends, and I'm sorry 
that I came on to you that way." 
   "Don't worry Randy--the attention is flattering.  I've always wondered what 
it would feel like to be treated as a woman, and you're showing me. I can't 
really get upset over that." 
   "Well then, why don't you get some going-out clothes on, and we'll do the 
town today and tonight?" he asked. 
   "I don't know," I said, taken aback.  "I've never been outside during the 
day for fear someone might recognize me." 
   "Don't worry," he said reassuringly.  "You can get into the car in the 
garage, and nobody will be able to tell that you're anything more than you 
appear.  We'll drive over to Port Belson, where nobody knows us, and have a 
good time." 
   Tina would not be denied this chance at a legitimate outing.  "I'll be 
ready in half-an-hour," I gushed, walking past Randy and heading toward my 
room.  This was ecstasy!  I put on some pantyhose, changed into a denim 
miniskirt and a simply-patterned peach blouse, and replaced my button 
earrings with some thin golden hoops.  Since I was going to be in public, I 
brushed on some pale-green eyeshadow to offset my eyes a little, and put on 
some brown eyeliner.  Of course I had to re-do my lip color, and I almost 
decided to go with the red, but settled for using a bronzed coral (my second 
favorite after red is any glimmery, frosted shade) and putting both it and 
the red lipstick into my purse.  A couple of bangle-bracelets and a light 
denim jacket completed the clothing ensemble, and I couldn't resist adding 
another inch-worth of heel, choosing an open-toed strappy sandal that really 
showed off my legs. The heels demanded the long blonde wig, and so there it 
was. 
   I met Randy in the living room.  "Will this do?" I asked, giving a girlish 
twirl. 
   "You look stunning," he replied, "every inch!  Let's get going, so we can 
be there by lunchtime." 
   None of the neighbors gave us a second look as we backed out of the garage 
in Randy's car.  As far as they knew, I was Randy's girlfriend. We stopped 
into a drugstore to get me a pair of sunglasses (not for disguise, but my own 
male-style sunglasses would not do on Tina's face!).  The salesgirl at the 
counter was very helpful, commenting on how well a certain pair or another 
framed my face.  I was at once grateful and amazed that even with the close 
inspection trying on sunglasses demanded, that she seemed perfectly accepting 
of me in feminine guise. If she noticed that Tina wasn't for real, she never 
let on. 
   Flushed with success, I went to the makeup counter, and allowed the 
salesgirl there to sell me two new lipsticks.  This was quite a new thing for 
Tina, since she'd always ordered by mail before.  It was a real kick looking 
at all the different shades, and once again the salesgirl didn't seem to have 
an inkling that she was selling makeup to a man.  I decided on yet another 
luscious red shade for my collection, and dithered between two gorgeous pink 
shades for about five minutes, before deciding on the orchid pink. 
   "Now you see why I have no trouble accepting you as a woman," Randy said as 
we left the store.  "Only a woman would spend five minutes deciding between 
two shades of pink when I couldn't even tell the difference between them." 
   This was at once inspiring and infuriating. 
   Randy stopped to get some gas, and I amused myself by putting on my new red 
lipstick using the passenger-side mirror in his car.  Tina was doing so many 
things she'd seen other women do, and she couldn't get enough! 
   The drive to Port Belson was exhilarating.  We drove with the windows down, 
the breeze from our speed blowing my hair back.  We talked about what we 
might do, how long we'd spend, and more importantly we talked about 
ourselves.  I told him how Tina developed out of me dressing in my mother's 
and sister's clothing when I was young, and how for awhile during my teen 
years I'd dreamed of being an attractive woman.  He told me about his 
discovery that he was sexually attracted to men just as much as to women, and 
of the several older men who'd taught him to make love.  He knew that his 
parents would never accept the fact that he was bisexual with a preference 
for men, and told me that he'd be pleased to have me live at the house as 
Tina full time, especially when his parents visited.  I told him that I'd 
like nothing more than to try living as Tina full time just to see what it 
was like. 
   Growing in the back of my mind was the realization that Tina was not only 
flattered by the male attention (the fact that Randy was attracted to men and 
that technically speaking I was one), but she really wanted Randy.  Her 
attention was captivated by him, and she yearned to re-experience the embrace 
in the kitchen. 
   We ate lunch at a seaside bistro, where I was flattered to receive admiring 
glances from several men.  (Always a TV fantasy, and better than the fantasy 
when had in real life.)  We went to a movie and to dinner, where I spent more 
"real-woman" time, fixing my face in the ladies' lounge, letting the waiter 
light my cigarette, and exchanging meaningful glances over sips of wine with 
Randy. 
   We ate dinner in a restaurant with a jazz club in the back, and Randy got 
me out on the floor for several slow dances.  It felt perfectly natural to be 
in his arms dancing.  Once he looked down at me with a wicked grin and kissed 
the tip of my nose.  I responded with a soft-lipped, romantic kiss on his 
mouth, with just a little tongue for spice.  With that his hands moved lower, 
from my middle back down to my hips, with one finally resting on my ass.  A 
woman on a "first date" might have moved his hand back up.  I didn't. 
   On the drive back I snuggled against Randy, occasionally nibbling on his 
earlobe in the darkness.  I wondered how real women in the same situation 
felt.  Was it love? Lust?  Something completely different? How was it that I 
was reacting this strongly to a man?  Tina was definitely reacting to the 
male attention, and she/I wanted more.  I knew that I wasn't very far away 
from giving myself to him, although I'd never thought of myself as bisexual 
before.  There was a warmth and a need I'd never felt before emanating from 
me, and a feeling of fulfillment that I'd never had in any kind of 
relationship.  I wanted the drive to last forever, both so I could enjoy the 
sensations I was feeling, and so I wouldn't have to answer the difficult 
questions which kept cropping up in my mind. 
   Finally, though, we returned to the house, where Tina had some things on my 
mind that would have been totally foreign that morning.  Fate, however, in 
the form of Adam, had intervened.  Randy had left him a key, and he had used 
it. 
   We opened the door, arm in arm, to find Adam arranged on the couch, clad in 
a black bustier, black garter belt and fishnet stockings, 4" black leather 
heels, and lace gloves.  He hadn't bothered to shave off any of his body 
hair.  His ears were adorned with heavy brass hoops, and his makeup was Vegas 
extreme: deep blue eyeshadow framing long false eyelashes, cheeks laden with 
blazing red blush, and bright red lipstick parodying his lips.  Somewhere in 
town he'd managed to locate a red feather boa, which he had arranged to cover 
his non-existent bosom.  His penis sprung erect from within a pair of black-
lace crotchless panties. He wore no wig or any kind of hairpiece--his own 
short, dark hair only worsened the effect.  In short, he was a transvestite's 
worst drag horror nightmare. 
   "Adam, what the hell...?" Randy began, but Adam silenced him with a 
languid, "feminine" gesture while getting to his feet. 
   "I am Adele," he announced, "and I am your woman." 
   "You look ridiculous," Randy said.  "What in the world came over you?" 
   Adam's face dropped, and he looked as if he might start crying any minute.  
He pointed to me, bringing attention to the fake stiletto-styled nails that 
graced his fingertips.  "Last night when she put the lipstick on me, I got 
really turned on.  I thought that you did to, and I figured that you might 
love me more if I was a woman for you.  I hadn't realized before last night 
that I had to compete with her." 
   "I've never gotten to the point of loving you," Randy said apologetically.  
"I never thought of Tina as competition for you before tonight, but you'd 
certainly be more attractive to me if you could look like she does." 
   I wasn't sure whether to be embarrassed or complimented.  I could see tears 
starting to form in Adam's eyes as he looked at me (with Randy's arm still 
around me) and realized what he'd done.  "But I can never look like her!" 
Adam/Adele cried.  "She's a woman!  How can I ever look as good as her?" 
   I disengaged myself from Randy, and walked over to him, taking him into my 
arms in a sisterly hug. 
   "Don't worry, Adele honey, we can get you fixed up.  If this is what you 
want, I can help you get it, but now isn't the right time to start trying.  
Go get cleaned up and come back tomorrow."  I kissed him on his well-rouged 
cheek, and pushed him gently toward the door.  He walked out without saying a 
word, and in a few moments we heard his car pulling off down the street.  I 
walked to the front door and locked the deadbolt. 
   I turned to find Randy standing very close to me.  I put my arms around his 
neck and looked into his eyes. 
   "That was a much better job of handling that than I could have done," he 
said. 
   "Thank you very much," I said.  "I don't exactly know what's happened to me 
today.  I feel very much a woman, and I want to thank you for that." 
   "My pleasure," he said, smiling and dropping his arms to my waist. 
   "May I have a kiss?" I asked coquettishly. 
   His answer was a kiss that rocked me to my core.  I wasn't expecting 
anything more than what I'd had in the kitchen that morning, but somehow he 
found even more to give me.  His tongue probed my lips, and I opened up to 
him immediately, surrendering to Tina's needs, repressed so long. 
   When the kiss was over, I looked down nervously at the floor, and then, 
steeling my nerve, looked him in the eyes.  "I want you to make love to me," 
I said in a sultry voice that was as much my own as Tina's. 
   He took my hand and led me to his bedroom door.  Once we were inside, I 
shut the door, not because we needed the privacy, but as a symbol of where I 
was going, and that I didn't intend to come back. 
                                   ******* 
   The next morning I awoke in Randy's bed, feeling tousled, a little grumpy, 
and very womanly.  Our lovemaking had been an adventure for me. Randy took 
complete control, and after laying down on the bed in my bra and panties I 
hadn't had to do another thing but enjoy his delicious ministrations.  Most 
of my memories of the night had a hazy, erotic tone, and I had a most 
unwomanly reaction between my legs while thinking about them. 
   After the first round of lovemaking, we'd talked about Adam, and I'd asked 
Randy what I should do if he showed up in the morning. 
   "It's up to you," he said, running his hand up and down my side.  "I'm not 
the jealous type, if you aren't." 
   Randy had already gone in to school to do some catch-up work and library 
research by the time I'd awakened, so I walked into my bathroom to do my 
usual morning routine.  Instead of the usual male routine, I found myself 
repeating the Tina ritual from the day before.  It seemed more natural 
somehow, and soon I found myself in sundress and sandals standing in front of 
the refrigerator, reading a note from Randy.  It was nothing special, just 
telling me when he expected to be home, but instead of signing it with his 
name he signed it with a little heart.  A thrill ran down my spine, when I 
saw it, and a little fearfully, too, because of what it meant. 
   Half an hour later, as I relaxed on the couch, reading the paper and 
smoking with my cigarette holder, the doorbell rang.  I peered through the 
peephole to see Adam standing there, looking nervous and disheveled. I opened 
the door, and welcomed him in with a hug. 
   "I'm surprised that you'd do that," he said.  "I made a fool of myself last 
night, and I didn't think you'd really want to have me here at all." 
   "Don't be silly," I said.  "I'm glad that you came over, because I was 
getting bored.  We can do all sorts of girl things before Randy gets home." 
   His cheeks reddened at my words.  "I don't know if I want to do girl 
things," he said nervously.  "I felt pretty dumb walking down the sidewalk 
dressed up like that." 
   I took him by the hand and pulled him toward Randy's bedroom.  "Let's get 
you into a bath, and see if we can't do a better job than last night.  I 
think you'll like it once you do it right." 
   He hung back, his eyes darting nervously from side to side.  I turned back 
to him and said, "Look, Adam, I promise that I won't make you look like a 
fool in front of Randy.  I don't want to compete with you for his affections.  
I'm perfectly willing to share him with you, whether you choose to appear as 
a man or as a woman.  And you are welcome to share me, too." 
   His eyes widened.  "Share you?" he asked incredulously.  "But I've never 
done it with a girl before." 
   "Woman," I corrected.  "Well, there's a first time for everything. Let's 
get you into a bath, and shaved." 
   I ran a bubble bath in Randy's tub for Adam to get into.  He insisted that 
I leave the bathroom and go outside the bedroom until he was stripped and 
into the tub. 
   "That's good," I said.  "Now soap up your legs so I can shave them." 
   "You're going to do it?" he asked incredulously. 
   "Yes, it's easier if I do it, because there are places that I can reach 
that you can't easily maneuver a razor into.  Of course, you'll have to stand 
up." 
   He looked very nervous when I said that. 
   "For crying out loud, Adam, I've seen a naked man before."  No kidding, I 
thought to myself.  I've BEEN a naked man before. 
   Forty-five minutes later, a dry and newly-hairless Adam was rolling around 
on Randy's bed, enjoying the sensation of his skin on the sheets. I watched 
him from the bathroom doorway, reliving the first time I'd experienced a 
hairless body. 
   "Like it?" I asked. 
   He flinched when he realized that I was standing there.  I think it still 
made him nervous to be naked in front of me.  "It's very nice," he said, "but 
it will take me some time to get used to it." 
   "That's probably right.  I remember when I first shaved my legs.  It felt 
weird for a couple of days.  But there's something I need you to tell me, 
Adam." 
   "What is that?" he asked, rolling up to sit on the edge of the bed. 
   "Do you want me?"  I asked gently, wanting and fearing the answer. 
   "I don't know," he said.  "I've never really been attracted to women.  I 
think that I'd be hard by now if there was any possibility." 
   I walked to the bed and knelt before him, taking his limp penis in my long-
nailed fingers and massaging it.  "Maybe I can give it some help," I said in 
my sultry voice, forming a fist around his flaccid pole and rubbing it up and 
down.  I sat down in a cross-legged position and concentrated on my work. 
   Two minutes of massaging didn't produce much result.  "I'm sorry," Adam 
said, "but even though it feels good it just doesn't excite me." 
   "Perhaps if I kiss it," I said, Tina's voice sounding foreign in my ears.  
"Wait, I know just the thing." 
   I got up and quickly ran to my bedroom, where I picked up a mirror compact 
and my new red lipstick.  Returning to Randy's bedroom, I stood in front of 
Adam, getting his full attention. 
   "Maybe if you watch me putting on the lipstick you love so much, you'll 
become more interested."  I made a production out of putting on the lipstick, 
exaggerating each motion, and laying a more than liberal coat of red on my 
lips.  Adam's cock rose a little as he watched me give myself a whore's 
mouth. 
   I got back down on my knees, grasping Adam's cock again.  "Now, darling, 
watch me as I put all this beautiful lipstick on your lovely cock." 
   I kissed his penis from one end to the other, festooning it with bright red 
lip prints.  It grew slightly, although nowhere near the size I'd seen it 
before.  "Perhaps if I just went ahead and sucked on it, honey?" I asked, and 
Adam nodded vigorously. 
   I tried to repeat on Adam's cock all the things that Randy had done to mine 
the night before.  There was a surge of growth as my tongue massaged his warm 
pole, and even more as I sucked on it.  I found myself enjoying the feel of 
it in my mouth, the warmth, the softness of the skin, and the friction on my 
lips as I moved my head up and down the length of it.  But I was still 
disappointed that it hadn't reached its full potential. 
   "I'm starting to feel a little insecure," I said, raising my head and 
looking him straight in the face.  He smiled sheepishly, since during my 
ministrations he'd used my lipstick on his own mouth, and then held up the 
compact mirror to show me that fellatio doesn't do a damned thing for a 
girl's lip color.  I stood up, took it and the lipstick from him, and re-
reddened my mouth.  I looked down at him sitting there, and was pleased to 
see that his erection hadn't faded any. 
   "I guess it's time for my secret weapon," I said, noting his surprised and 
inquisitive look. 
   I pulled up my sundress with one hand, and pulled my own cock out of my 
cotton panties with the other.  Adam's eyes got very wide, and his jaw 
dropped.  Suddenly his cock sprang to full, swollen attention, and I wasted 
no time getting back down to it.  "You know how to make a girl very happy," I 
said, engulfing it again. 
   I didn't have much time to start sucking before his wonderful meat began 
pulsing and spewing come into my mouth.  I sucked it down greedily, reserving 
the last few spurts as I moved up to sit beside him on the bed.  I put my 
scarlet-and-semen-smeared lips up to his pretty red ones, and let him taste 
his cum as my tongue probed his mouth.  We fell back onto the bed, our arms 
entangled around each other, as we kissed some more, almost-man and almost-
woman locked together in an embrace that made us one. 
   Adam tried to turn me over.  "Sorry, sweetie, only Randy gets my ass. You 
can share my hot mouth if you like, but my tight little hole belongs to 
Randy." 
   
--
