Archive-name: 3plus/hotwish1.txt
Archive-author: J. Boswell
Archive-title: Giving Him What He Wants - 1


                           PART ONE

                    (Another Hot Wife Tale)

     Wife, mother, career woman, suburban homemaker -- that's me. 
Nothing out of the ordinary in my life -- or so I thought.
Happily married to Phil for nine years, and the mother of
charming, brilliant, adorable, 6-year-old Bobby, I was
comfortable with my role and responsibilities.  I guess that's
why finding Phil's "secret" was such a shock to my system.
     Let me tell you about it:
......
     It was a beautiful Spring Friday and Phil had volunteered to
help chaperon Bobby's nursery school class on the trip to the
zoo.  I volunteered to stay home from the office, too, and do the
laundry and fill some "Goodwill" bags so we could go to my
Mother's ocean condo for the weekend.  
     (My second reason for staying home was a lot more devious. 
I thought that if I could get rid of a lot of Phil's old clothes,
my frugal C.P.A. husband would be forced to go out and buy some
things that had been made at least since Reagan was president!)
     The closet took longer than I thought it would, but resulted
in a big pile of old clothes.  Then I moved over to Phil's chest
of drawers.  The top drawer yielded more than a few pairs of old
socks that I knew didn't reach Phil's ankles.  The next drawer
turned up underwear that Phil had owned when we got married --
onto the pile they went!  
     The third drawer was a mishmash of sweaters, t-shirts, and
sweatshirts.  As I emptied it, a flash of color in the bottom
caught my eyes.  When I looked closer, I saw it was a thin pile
of photographs obviously cut from magazines, tucked under the
liner paper.
     I lifted them out and was shocked to see that they were
erotic!  I was so surprised because I had never seen Phil even
glance at a PLAYBOY and here were pictures of men and women
blatantly having sex -- and in positions too numerous to count! 
I didn't even know they sold stuff as graphic as this.
     I guess my biggest surprise was that Phil felt compelled to
hide them like a 13-year-old boy.  I was pretty liberal, and it
wouldn't have bothered me in the least if he wanted to buy
magazines like this -- as long as he didn't leave them out for
Bobby to find.  And then I realized that maybe Phil *WAS* hiding
them from Bobby, and not me.
     There were about thirty pages and the theme was the same on
each -- one woman with several men.  The woman in each picture
was being, or was about to be, or had just been penetrated by the
men's large penises.  One photo showed the woman literally being
showered by six ejaculating cocks!  I had to admit, the pictures
were sexy and mildly titillating because they were so graphic,
but they really didn't turn me on (and, in fact, one or two of
them I even considered gross).  But, the more I examined the
photos, the more I realized I had been wrong -- Phil *WAS* hiding
them from me.  Like a zap of lightning, I realized there was
another consistent feature in the photos -- every single woman in
the numerous photos was blonde, blue-eyed, and had large breasts
-- just like me!  
     Was Phil fantasizing it was *ME* in the pictures?  That
thought was more than a little bizarre.  
     I put the photos down and examined the drawer again, and
that's when I found something that *DID* turn me on, and more
than a little.
     In the very bottom of the drawer, carefully wrapped in a t-
shirt, were two pages from a men's magazine, but there were no
pictures.  Each preserved between two stiff, shiny sheets of
clear laminate plastic, the two pages showed their age and heavy
use before laminating.  A couple of corners were missing, the
edges were ragged and torn, and, before being laminated, they had
been folded and opened and refolded until the "X" of the center
fold was a small hole in the center of each page.  I couldn't
imagine how old the pages were or how many times the two pages
had been read.  
     I sat back on our bed and read them to myself for the first
time:
......
THIS MONTH'S EDITOR'S CHOICE...
Dear Editors,
     My wife and I are both in our early thirties, and
although she obviously wasn't a virgin when I married
her, her claim is that I'm the only man in her life.  I
didn't really care who she had fucked, or how many, or
what she said about me being the "only man she's ever
really loved" because I had screwed around, too, and with
at least two other women before we were married.
     But after eleven years of married life, things had
gotten pretty dull for me.  I just knew that a lot of our
friends were probably into casual wife-swapping and I
suggested to the wife that we try to join them for a
party or two - just to see what's going on.  I kept at
it, but she whined and said she didn't want to.  She said
she loved me, and was a married woman and would feel like
a cheap slut screwing another man.  She went on to say
she would be worried about how she'd feel about screwing
a friend or a friend's husband, her guilt, the gossip,
blah, blah, blah.  I got tired listening.
     Since I couldn't persuade her to go along with my
idea, and she sure as hell didn't tell me to go out and
party without her, I decided to see if I could spice up
our sex-life by arranging some excitement.  Maybe if some
spur-of-the-moment fucking took place, then she'd see my
swinging idea was a good one.
     The first time I tried something was over five years
ago, with an out-of-town salesman I met in a bar after
work.  He was a big, muscular guy, sitting next to me at
the bar and bitching about the lack of pussy in the
place.  After a few beers, on impulse, I showed him some
pictures of my wife in a bikini, and as he was drooling
all over them, I asked him if he'd like to do me a favor. 
I told him that my wife was a little kinky and liked some
fresh meat every now and then, and that, occasionally, we
invited a friend in to help her out, and that I liked him
enough to invite him to join us for some fun.  
     He agreed in a flash, the horny bastard.  
     As I drove him to our house, I told him not to take
"no" for an answer from her, that she was a real
cockteaser and that it was just part of her hard-to-get
game.  I told him that for her, "being taken" by a real
man was her hottest turn-on.  This guy was going nuts
listening to my bullshit, almost nodding his stupid head
off.
     When we got home, I was glad to see that my wife
still had her work clothes on.  She works in a big office
and dresses pretty nice each day.  She looked real good
in her fancy white blouse, tight skirt and high heels.
     I introduced the salesman to my wife as my long-lost
Army buddy who was just passing through town.  We fed her
some bullshit story about how he saved my life in a
barroom brawl and how I could never repay him for it.  We
all had a few drinks before and after dinner, and the guy
definitely liked what he saw and was getting friendlier
with her as we took turns dancing with her after dinner.
     After an hour or so, I was making another round of
drinks in the kitchen when I heard some noise from the
family room.  I peeked into the room and saw that the guy
had my wife pinned up against the wall.  She was
struggling against him as he was kissing her hard on the
mouth and he had his hand shoved up under her skirt.  She
managed to push away from him when I entered the room,
and I was heartened to see that things just might get
pretty interesting.
     Figuring they would get nowhere with me around, I
told them that I had just killed the Scotch and that I
would run out for more.  I said that being so far out in
the country, it would take me about forty-five minutes. 
My wife said she wanted to go to the store so I could
stay and talk to my buddy, but I grabbed my keys and
left.  
     I was gone close to an hour.  I figured by the time
I got home, things would be warmed up and I'd join in the
fun.  But, when I got home, I found them sitting at
opposite ends of the sofa, watching TV and talking.  I
was a little disappointed because I couldn't tell if
anything had happened - and it didn't look like anything
had.
     Later, when I drove the guy back to his motel, the
asshole told me that my wife had really resisted him for
a while, turning him on more and more, getting him into
her game.  He said to screw her, he finally had to pin
her down on the floor and rip her panties to get his dick
in.  He said after he came, he yanked her skirt and
blouse and bra off and told her he wouldn't give them
back until she blew him.  He said he was just zipping up
and she was still swallowing his cum and buttoning her
blouse as I pulled into the driveway.   
     It was good to hear that something happened and even
if I didn't get my shot, I was encouraged that I could
set up some fun things and maybe get her into the mood to
spread her precious pussy around a little.  When I got
home, I tried to pry some information from her about what
happened with my "Army buddy" while I was gone, but she
just said he was a jerk and never mentioned a thing about
her fucking and blowing him, and she still refused to
consider swinging.
     Nothing else happened until a few months later, when
we went on our summer vacation.  We stayed in a nice
motel and met three other couples staying there.  During
the week, we went golfing and to the beach with them, and
I noticed the hot looks the guys were giving my wife and
her big tits, even in her conservative bathing suits.  On
the last night together, the eight of us closed the bar
and went back to one of the rooms to continue the party. 
     There was a lot of kissie-feelie going on and I
thought something might soon develop - maybe even a wild
orgy and I'd finally get my ashes hauled by some new
pussy - even if none of the other wives was in my wife's
class for looks and body.  But we never got beyond the
little kisses and the party began to crap out.  Some
people wanted to crash and some others wanted to go eat
at the all-night diner.  After we all split up, there was
me, my wife, and another guy in the room.  This guy had
been ogling my wife all week and that night had been
trying to grab her tits every chance he got.
     When my wife went into the bathroom, I told the guy
I was going back to our room for some sleep.  When I
stepped outside, I heard him lock the door behind me.  I
stepped to the windows, peeked through the blinds I had
left partially opened, and waited to see what would
happen.
     My wife came out of the bathroom and asked the man
where I went.  He told her I went for ice and that she
should wait there for my return.  Then he stepped up to
her and kissed her hard on the lips.  At the same time,
he swiftly unzipped her sexy sundress all the way down
her front.  She started to pull away, and as she did, he
grabbed at her bra strap and ripped the cup off her left
tit.  Then he shoved her down on the bed and began to
suck her naked tit.  As she struggled under him, he
somehow managed to open up her dress and began to pull
her panties down.
     At this point, she really began to put up a fight,
and I almost went to the door, but something inside of me
stopped me.  I couldn't pull myself away from watching
the whole incredible, arousing, hot scene.  My wife --
fucking around with a stranger!  And I had a front-row
seat!
     The guy rolled my wife over onto her stomach, pulled
her dress down off her other shoulder and unhooked her
bra.  After he slid her panties off her long legs, he
dropped his pants and shorts and climbed on the bed, too. 
My wife was still trying to fend him off, but it looked
like she had lost a lot of her fight.  After struggling
with my wife a little more and holding her hands to the
bed, above her head, the guy finally got between her legs
and got his good-sized cock in her and rammed it into her
to the hilt. 
     I suddenly realized that I had one of the hardest
and biggest erections in my life!  I was really enjoying
watching this!
     The guy continued to fuck my wife for at least
another ten minutes, until he came inside her with a big
grunt.  He finally climbed off her and walked into the
bathroom and cleaned his cock.  My wife laid there, on
the bed, gasping and panting, her legs spread wide apart,
her hands still above her head.
     When the guy walked back into the bedroom, he made
another drink and walked over to the bed.  As he stood
there, looking down at my wife, she raised herself up on
her elbow, took hold of his soft prick in her hand, and
gently guided it into her mouth!
     She began to suck him off, first slowly, and then
more and more wildly.  She sucked him for about five
minutes, until he pulled away with another huge erection. 
He then climbed back on the bed, and I watched as my wife
guided his hard cock up her already-filled cunt.
     While they were screwing, I heard the couple who's
room it was coming up the steps.  I ducked around the
corner to get out of sight and was surprised to see that
the drapes on the sliding door on the beach side were
wide open.  I stepped into the shadows to watch from my
new front-row seat.  
     The first guy and my wife didn't stop screwing when
the couple opened the door.  The wife said she didn't
like what was going on in their room and her husband told
her to go back down to the diner ("In case it gets ugly,"
he said) and he would get rid of the screwing couple.
     The wife was barely out the door, when the second
guy stripped off his clothes and got on the bed.  He
immediately began sucking my wife's big tits, and then
soon slid up to where he could press his erect cock
against my wife's lips.  The slut didn't hesitate an
instant.  She sucked him deep into her mouth!  I watched
her take both of these studs on at once!
     The first guy finally had his second orgasm in her
pussy and rolled off her.  The second husband immediately
slid into position and began pounding away in my wife's
noisy-wet cunt.  He only took a few minutes to cum, and
after he was finished, the two men laid there, totally
exhausted.  
     To my shock and amazement, my wife got up and
paraded around the room totally naked.  After she tossed
down a shot of booze like a pro, she asked if either of
the guys was ready to go again.  They both moaned and
said they were spent.
     As she bent to pick up her clothes, I raced back to
our room, undressed, and slid under the covers pretending
to be asleep.  She came in soon after me, quickly
showered and got in bed with me, falling asleep almost
immediately.
     The following morning she asked me where the hell I
went the night before.  I said I had told the other guy
I was going back to our room and that she could follow or
stay and party if she wanted to.  I bugged her about what
happened, but she never said a word about it!  She said
they just sat around talking and drinking.
     After seeing the way she acted like a true, cheap,
low-bred, slut-tramp whore in that motel room, I again
approached her about swinging.  Much to my surprise, she
still refused.  I couldn't figure what her problem was. 
I had watched her be a real whore for two strangers, and
knew she had fucked and sucked another guy's balls dry,
so why wouldn't she agree to a little friendly swapping? 
We argued about it a little more, but I soon let it drop.
     Instead, I realized how much fun I was having
manipulating her into different situations and watching
her whore for other men.  I began to keep a notebook with
dates and times, places and names (where I knew them),
and how I had set up the situation.  Over the past five
years, I have set up thirty-two different arrangements
that have resulted in at least ninety-eight different men
enjoying my wife's raunchy sexual talents.  Each one of
the arrangements was a different set of circumstances,
and I'm proud of my ability at inventing them.
     There have been some great scenes!
     One night, I gave a guy I met in a bar my address
and set it up that he and three friends would burgle my
house, so I could make an insurance claim on an old TV. 
He asked if anyone would be home, and I said, "You should
be so lucky -- my wife is the easiest piece of ass in the
world!"  And she was.  Two of the burglars held her down
for her first fuck, but after that, she fucked and sucked
all four of them dry.  And I watched the whole thing from
our bedroom window!
     She fucked and sucked guys everywhere!  In motel
rooms, on a pool table in the back of a bar, in bar and
mall parking lots, a weekend in a mountain cabin with
five guys, and even in a Frat house full of drunk, horny
young studs after the Homecoming Game!
     The best and the worst time was when I took her to
the Big Stampede and Rodeo in Calgary, Canada.  On the
last day, as we were strolling around the horse barn
area, I told a group of dirty, sweaty cowpokes that the
woman walking along behind me in the short yellow dress
was an expensive, cockteasing hooker with a real "BITCH"
attitude and if they wanted some fun, they should try her
out in the barn.  They were drunk and horny and stupid
enough to try anything and I quickly climbed up into the
loft as they waited for the hooker in the short yellow
dress.  
     They started talking to my wife as she walked by and
when she shook her head at their rude and lewd
propositions and tried to leave, the cowboys grabbed her
and dragged her into the back of the barn.  She yelled
and fought a little, but they threw her on a bunch of
dirty blankets and ripped her clothes off her and I
watched - for the next hour - while what seemed like
every cowboy in Canada took his turn in her mouth, cunt
and ass.  When they finally finished with her, they left
her bare-assed naked, covered with cum, sweat, dirt, beer
and booze.  I watched as she stood on wobbly legs and
stumbled to the open door.  When another group of cowboys
from across the way saw her standing there naked, they
ran over and carried her off into another barn.
     By the time I got down from the loft, she was no
where to be seen.  I searched till I finally left the
area and returned later, looking for her.  I checked and
rechecked the motel room and looked in all the bars, too. 
I even reported her missing to the security people, but
they weren't worried, telling me she just got lost in the
crowd.  Of course, I knew, but couldn't tell them, that
the last time I saw her she was naked as a baby in the
barn area with all those horny cowboys!
     Finally, at about four in the morning, I heard the
motel room door open.  I pretended to be asleep as she
and some man stepped inside.  I heard her thank him for
the blanket and the ride home as she handed him the
cloth.  He grabbed her big tits and said he wanted to
fuck her again.  My wife shushed him to be quiet and she
laid down on the floor.  The guy dropped his pants and
fucked her hard, right there, in the room with her
husband!  He left, and she crawled into the other bed and
immediately fell asleep.  She was so exhausted, she
didn't even stir when I removed the sheet and looked at
her body covered with dirt, stale booze, cum, and love
marks.
     Believe it or not, she still never mentioned any of
these events to me.  The next day, she told me she had
lost her purse and spent all that time she was gone
looking for it and waiting for it to show up at the "lost
and found" booth.  What bullshit!  I guess I never will
know how many cowboys screwed her that day!  
     Anyway, I love what I've worked out.  I wish I could
watch her fuck and suck ten different guys every night of
the year!
     In five years, the only scene I arranged that she
balked at was when I tried to set up a party at a nearby
Army base.  I wanted to see just how many men she could
screw at one time, without stopping.  Some GI I met in a
bar was going to get us into one of the barracks and just
let the guys line up until she couldn't take any more, or
there were no guys left.  I told the GI that I was
bringing a real, live nymphomaniac, and that there was no
limit to the number of cocks she could handle.  He said
that he could easily guarantee fifty guys, probably more. 
I guess she got wind of the fact that the "party" was
going to be an all-night gang-bang, and I could never set
it up with her.
     I still enjoy setting up situations for guys to
screw my wife, but I don't think she wants any more out-
of-control mass sex encounters - like the rodeo - so I
try to limit the number of men to four or five, or less. 
With all this sex she has participated in, she has never
once mentioned any of it to me.  But, I think she
probably knows that I'm responsible for all or most of it
(or, at least, that I know and cooperate).  I don't know
if she knows I love watching it, but from watching her in
action, I know she's a cheap slut who damn well loves
every second of it!
--- signed "Master Match Maker"
.......
     What an outrageous tale!
     I just sat there on the bed, and let my breathing calm down. 
I wasn't sure exactly which parts had turned me on.  Maybe it was
the forbidden sex, or being taken, or even the gang-bangs (all
are deep, forbidden, *NASTY* thoughts for a "nice" woman like me
to think).  It certainly wasn't the author.  I thought he was a
creep and an asshole, who couldn't even personalize "his wife"
with a name in his long letter.  I couldn't figure why the wife
wouldn't mention anything to her husband, except that maybe he
was such a creep and she didn't care if he knew or not, or she
didn't want to give him the satisfaction that she knew they were
his games.
     Then I began thinking about finding the letter hidden away
in Phil's drawer.  Were the letter and the photos a strong and
recurring fantasy for Phil?  Did he want to see me take on groups
of strangers?  Bizarre, and not like Phil at all, but what else
was I to think?  
     Then I wondered...  Had Phil ever tried to set up an 
"arrangement" and I didn't realize it at the time?  
     I sat there thinking about that, and one time I could
remember was about 18 months ago when Phil was hosting a poker
night.  All his poker buddies were at the house when he called
from the office and said he would be very late, but that they
should stay, play cards, and eat the food -- which they did.  I
retired to the bedroom and read a novel for the night.  Phil
showed up about an hour after he called and played cards with his
friends.  I couldn't remember if he tried to pump me for
information about what had happened before he got home, but not
having read the letter, I would have never made the connection.  
     Then another time came to mind.  Not long after we were
married, Phil and I went on a fishing trip and I was the only
woman.  We drove down in the afternoon and stayed in a motel
overnight, going out on the boat before dawn, the next day.  Phil
and I had dinner and, later, drinks that night with four other
fishermen in our motel room.  
     And there were other times that now, in light of the letter
I just read, seemed suspicious.  A big company picnic where Phil
just disappeared for an hour or so, a night at a bar after a
softball game, when Phil went out to the car to sleep -- even on
our honeymoon!  How long had Phil had the letter?
     I really began to wonder.
     I began to read the letter, again.  And, this time, I found
myself lowering the zipper on my jeans and letting my hand move
under my panties, until my fingers found my already-hard and wet
clit.  I gently stroked and squeezed the little nub as I read the
letter over and over, until, in a great rush, I had a long and
wonderful orgasm.
     After I composed myself, I carefully replaced the pages and
photos just as I had found them in Phil's drawer and decided I
would act like I had never found the letter and photos.  If my
husband wanted to have a little secret, he certainly deserved
some privacy about it.
     And then I realized something.  I had used the letter to
turn me on and help me reach an orgasm, just as I'm sure Phil had
used it in the past.  Now, we had both masturbated reading the
same thing.  That letter was a turn-on for both of us!
     Life resumed its regular rhythms, and nothing out of the
ordinary occurred.  Occasionally, I'd check Phil's drawer and I
could tell the pictures and the letters had been handled, but I
never saw Phil anywhere near them.

              ...CONTINUED IN PART TWO...

--
