			House Sitter

I was watching a friend's place while he was away. You know the
type- nice apartment, nice car, nice wife? I was supposed to watch
the place for them for a few days. No big deal. Make yourself at home they
said. No problem.

Into the second day of house-sitting I got bored. So I looked around
for something to do. I found a video tape and put it into the player.
What the heck, thought I. Maybe it'll have some cool flicks on it.

Man, was I surprised. This tape showed the man of the house and his wife
in the undress doing really kinky acts.

After watching her tongue wrap itself around his cock (which I must admit,
wasn't the most impressive cock I'd seen, but who am I to talk) I began
to get really horny. I guess I'd always wondered whether she gave good
head. Now I knew. The picture cut to a close-up of her ass, and I watched
as she spread her buttocks and revealed her asshole to the camera. Wow.

Then I saw the guy (Mike is his name) slowly insert his cock into her.
I dunno. To tape that, I guess they put the camera on end facing upwards.
I watched his balls rhythmically brushing her labia and felt my erection
stiffen. So, I did what any one else would do- I relieved myself.

Next day

I have a friend over. Some girl I knew from High School. Her name is Arlene. We
have Pizza and Cokes. And a little wine. She says let's watch a movie
I say sure. She hits 'play' on the VCR. Oh, god, I think. I did not take that
tape out last night. The inevitable happens: we are treated to Mike eating
his woman in close up view. I walk to the VCR to turn it off, but something
holds me back. 

Next thing I know, we are kissing. Then I am grabbing her shorts and yanking
them off. She says no, but she meant yes. I hate that kind, but I am too
turned on to notice. I take her to the bedroom and strip her. Her mouth
quivers as I stroke her nipples and lightly chew on her slope of the shoulders.

She claws at my pants, taking a button off in the haste to remove the
501s. My cock makes an arch under my cotton fruit-of-the-looms. She pulls
back the underwear to free my cock, which then pops out. She fondles my
cock while she tells me that she had just two hours ago had sex with
her steady boyfriend but that he fell asleep after coming and she never
got to orgasm. I get the hint and go down on her. I usually hate giving
oral sex. Just can't deal with the smell sometimes, you know? But I could
smell something different on her- I smelt the boyfriend's cum on her.

Strangely enough, this turned me on. I ate her out quite throughly enjoying
every drop of her juices and her boyfriend's juices. I saw her arch her back
and move her lips.

I inserted my very aroused cock into her cunt and fucked her ever-so-slowly.
FASTER! she screamed. No way I said I want you to beg for it.

Please, Please, Please Fuck Me Faster. She moaned. Why? asked I.

Please fuck me faster, because I am a whore! I am a fucking slut and
I want to feel a cock fuck me hard!! Please fuck me hard!! How could I
resist? My cock plunged into her faster and faster as my balls bounced
against her opening. Then she says stop. I'm like hey, wait a minute!
I haven't, you know, cum yet. She says she wants to be spanked because
she is a bad girl who fucks men besides her boyfriend. She says she
wants to be tied up too. Please tie me up and spank my behind until
I turn red she says  and I want you to fuck me while I'm tied up-
i want you to do me in the ass since I am such a bad girl!.

Well, I am surprised at this. She always seemed like such a quiet girl
in High School. But I do it- I get some climbing rope and bind
her hands together, and then tie her feet each to a bed post with her
on her stomach. She gets an idea oh, why don't you whip me with your
belt? I was wearing a leather belt. That would really hurt I say 
I mean it is leather,. I deserve it. Please whip your little slut
until her ass turns red. Whip her hard. Whatever the woman wants.

I do whip her- HARD. Soon red welts appear on her buttocks which now
start to blush to a bright red. I see tears in her eyes. don't stop.
please don't stop whipping me. I'm such a whore! she cries. After
a while I do stop. I hear her whimpering and half-sobbing.

She gets on all fours, still bound and spread on the bed posts.
I spread her buttocks which still show welts from her punishment.
She gasps as I thrust my very erect cock inside of her. I have no mercy
and quickly pull out and plunge in again. And again. And again. Her
tears are now mixed with moans and she hoarsly whispers oh, fuck me.
fuck me up the ass. please cum in your little slut's asshole. After that,
I orgasm as I pull my cock out, showering her naked back and neck with my
seed. I untie her and she scoops my cum from her back and licks some of it.

We get dressed as the door opens. Our friends are now home.

Pity. But I am sure we will get together again soon.
