HOUSEBOY
by Anonymous

     My lover and I had just gotten the upstairs bedroom in livable
order and decided that we really needed to rent out the extra room to
help with some of the bills that always seem to pile up when you live in
such a big house.  We thought that we would try to see if any of our
friends were in need of a nice place to live, at a reasonable rate, and
full use of the house and pool.  We met this boy through a friend of
ours.  His name was Clark, and was he ever cute.  The body this boy had
on him would have given you heart murmurs at the least.  He stood just
at 6' and had the most smoothest body.  I just loved to look up at him
and think to myself I wish this hunk of man would force me into his
bedroom and fuck the living shit out of my asshole!!!! It was always fun
dreaming about it.  He had sandy hair with blue eyes.  His slender body
wearing that he had at  east a good ten inches if it were erect.

     Shortly after he started living with us he was let go from his job.
He said that he would have to move back with his par- ents. My lover and
I sat down together and discussed having him here as our houseboy to
clean and do the wash etc.  We decided that if we approached him with
this idea that he may take us up on it, since it would give him a chance
to work for his room and board until he could find another job. It also
would keep him from having to endure living at home again with his
mother and father.

     The next day we decided that we would let him know what we were
thinking and see if he would go for that kind of arrange- ment.  I
called Clark down from his room and we all sat down at the breakfast
table and discussed the situation and the start of one of the best times
in our lives.

     We all lived together in good harmony for about a month and we
always respected mood so we went into the bedroom and got into the
waterbed and were just getting into the fondling and playing with each
other, getting each of us into the heat of it, when in strolls Clark
with the vacuum in hand.  Well we were just as red as beets and he said
"oh excuse me I didn't know you were home," and left the room promptly.
We didn't think a whole lot about it and went back to what we were
doing.  My lover had a big 9" cock that I just loved getting rammed up
my asshole until I was beg- ging for him to do it harder.  Well just
about the time we were ready to get down to the nitty gritty, we
realized that there was no lube, so I got up and went out to the
bathroom, just to find our houseboy beating off one of the biggest dicks
I have seen in my lifetime.  That asked him if he would like to join us.
He was a little reluctant, he said that bathroom and got the lube and we
both went back into the bedroom and shut the door.

     My lover was amazed just as much as I was about the size of this
boy's cock.  I felt great about it, since my lover would always brag
about how big he was, well next to this he looked small.  We all were in
bed and my other half wanted both assured him that we would take it
easy.

     I came up with a good way to go about it.  I told Clark to start
fucking my ass you and that way you should not hurt as much.  I wanted
that huge cock up there like hell, but what a good feeling hurt!!!  I
finally got down on the whole long shaft and Clark was moaning so loud
that even the neighbors would be able to hear it.  I was in heaven.  I
had never had such a huge cock up there before.

     I put my cock to that baby smooth ass and started to slide it in.
When he started, Clark wrenched with pain and shoved his cock into my
ass so hard that I had to scream!!  I told them to take it easy.
Finally the three of us were in great harmony moving in and out at the
same times.  It was ecstasy beyond be- lief!!!  We fucked that he and
Clark both fuck me at the same time.  I was not real sure about this
idea, since I had never done anything like that.  Clark's cock was
enough in there and to put another nine or so inches into there would
probably rip me apart.  LIke a fool I said that I would try it but if it
started hurting that they both were to stop.  I got up and my lover laid
on his back and I got on all fours and got down onto his cock and had it
in and all was feeling great.  Clark got up behind me and started to put
the tip of his cock into my ass.  I yelled stop and he kept on going
with one big shove.  I screamed with pain. Both of them hurt like hell.
We all stayed still and the pain subsided and slowly I got into a good
rhythm of in and out and up and down.  This was what I and getting to
the point that we couldn't hold on any longer.  They both withdrew from
me and threw me on my back and slammed their cocks into my face and beat
them off faster and faster until it happened...cum flying from both
cockheads all over my face and chest.  It seemed like it would never
stop.  They both finally laid back and panted with pleasure.  I couldn't
hold off any longer and shot my load all over my chest and neck.  I laid
back and they got on top of me and we hugged and kissed until all the
cum was rubbed all over us.

     I will always remember having both cocks at the same time. It was
pure heaven.

