Archive-name: Bondage/hpun.txt
Archive-author: Boris Scilley
Archive-title: Hot Punishment

  *****  CAUTION  *****
  If you have ever known some good-looking bitch so stuck up she wouldn't
  give you the time of day, here's a story for you.  Feel free to picture
  anyone you want as you read this saga of one slut who made so many
  enemies pleasing and teasing that she was kidnapped to an unknown prison
  in Southern Mexico.  There, she continued to misbehave until she was
  corrected by everyone.

  This story contains bondage & discipline and other assorted cruelties.
  As far as this author is concerned, feel free to distribute this anywhere.


  HOT PUNISHMENT

  by Boris Scilley


  PART ONE - THE IMPRISONMENT OF #226
  -----------------------------------
  The beautiful blonde captive just stood there naked before her
  "judges."  Fettered by ankle chains joined to the handcuffs
  behind her back, she had no way to escape.  It would be a
  joke to even try.  She was already in for a very severe
  punishment, that much was obvious.  Her ball gag prevented
  any objections.

  Like some of the others in this special Mexican prison, she
  was just "stolen" as she was walked down the street.  No one
  would ever find her here in the middle of nowhere.  Some of
  these women were convicted of real crimes.  Others were taken
  for amusement.  It didn't matter.  All that mattered was that
  the inmates here were used for good hard labor.  The "lucky"
  few were there to be broken, trained, corrected, and punished
  for return to the person (or people) who sent them here.
  Minimum contract for this service was 2 years!

  Sometimes it seemed that they only existed for amusement of
  their captors, toiling relentlessly in the sweltering Mexican
  sun.  The coolest of days here is still very hot!  A hell
  on earth for these captives.

  It actually looked like a villian's fortress from a James
  Bond movie as they were constantly constructing new buildings,
  erecting fences, paving and re-paving roads, harvesting all
  kinds of crops, and, of course, digging ditches everywhere.
  During slow construction periods this was done just for
  something hard to do.

  They were quite secluded, too.  Other than the airport 8
  miles away that served only this fortress, the closest
  civilization - if you could call it that - was 60 miles away.

  Of course, all of them were frequently used for sex.  It
  would be a crime to let this much pussy go to waste.  These
  slaves existed to serve the complex totally and to be fucked
  by any man (of woman) who chose to do so.

  Yes, most of these poor young cunts were sent here by anyone
  with the million dollars to buy a minimum 2-year enslavement
  contract.  A strict screening process also ensured that only
  beautiful, full-bodied, voluptuous victims were admitted.  It
  was THESE spoiled little bitches who were the most fun to break!

  It was unimportant whether the contractors were family members
  or not.  It could even be a GROUP of wealthy people who just
  wanted to see some bitch get severe discipline.  The labor was
  EXTREMELY difficult and cruel.

  While the weekdays were generally for group work tasks, weekends
  mostly focused on INDIVIDUAL discipline.  Weekends were also
  when the contract holders were permitted to visit to see what
  progress was being made.

  Adjustments could be made at this time for the right price.
  Naturally, these adjustments were UPWARD ONLY, meaning MORE
  confinement time and/or MORE abuse - specified as mental, physical,
  or sexual, or some combination thereof.  SPECIFIC cruelties and
  "custom punishments" were strongly encouraged since the prison
  was always seeking new tortures.  Nothing was refused.  It was,
  after all, a service organization.

  These occassional weekend "adjustments" could make Monday mornings
  quite interesting.  It was no surprise for the inmates to arise
  that day to see a fellow criminal hanging naked by her hair a foot
  off the ground covered with ants or sexually servicing entire busloads
  of filthy men with every hole of her body.  Sometimes more than one
  prisoner would just be restrained in any of a number of strange
  bondage devices in the center of the huge exercise yard just to be
  exposed to the blistering heat until she nearly dehydrated.
  Pillories!  Stocks!  Racks galore!  For the right price, you could
  have a victim tied, stretched, bound, twisted, whipped, fucked,
  whatever.  No limits!  As long as you could pay for it.  Millions of
  dollars could buy LOTS of great torture toys.

  Then there were those inmates who didn't contribute heavily enough
  to the labor requirements of the previous week.  THESE unlucky few
  were found on the quarter-mile track that encircled the main
  exercise yard.  Depending upon the violation, she would be working
  off a prescribed number of miles.  "Working off" meant she would be
  walking briskly if she were one of the lucky ones.  Most were running.
  Some would be CRAWLING (either forward on hands & knees or "crablike"
  on hands & feet).  It was quite a sight considering that the whims of
  the "jugdes" dictated if they were wearing the Uniform of the Day, were
  barefoot, or were completely naked.

  Sometimes you would see one of the "punished ones" wearing FIVE LAYERS
  of clothing.  There was a reason for this.  When every inch of fabric
  was soaked with sweat, the victim was required to strip and finish the
  punishment NAKED.  Those 5 sets of clothing were then shoved into a
  laundry bag which was zipped shut.  These were the 5 sets that this
  particular inmate would wear over the next week.

  Weekends at camp were also a good time for the guards, wardens, and
  owners of this little establishment to just observe life among the
  prisoners themselves.  An elaborate system of cameras, microphones,
  speakers, and other electronic devices assured the inmates ZERO privacy!
  There were cameras and micophones in every cell and in every corner
  of the bathroom facility such that no captive could sleep, eat, shit,
  of piss without being videotaped from several angles.

  It was most interesting just to watch how these penalized social dregs
  reacted to each other, especially since they were sometimes allowed to
  organize physical activities of their own.  Oddly enough, they sometimes
  even had sports activities like softball or basketball since it would
  make them stronger.  But the BEST part about letting them be on their
  own (while heavily monitored) was the tremendous fights that would
  inevitably take place among them.  Nothing was more entertaining than
  several camera angles of a good "catfight."  Being this strong from
  many, many months of hard physical labor afforded them the ability to
  beat the living shit out of each other.  And they often did.

  Weekends are for the inmates to settle scores among themselves.

  So back to our sweet captive, a fully developed prisoner of
  about 20 years old, 5 foot 7, 135 pounds with large tits that
  begged to be abused.  She was known only as #226, as these
  poor cunts were only referred to by number.  Once a feisty
  bitch, #226 was now shaking in anticipation of what was to
  now become of her.  Were the things she had heard about in
  her first week true?  She was about to find out.

  A judge spoke.

  "We are not going to waste any time with you.  It looks like
  you haven't caught on to way things work around here just yet.
  This is for real, you Slut!  During your first week, you
  have constantly resisted.  This sometimes happens, necessitating
  swift and severe corrective action."

  The ball gag prevented her protests.  She had tried to
  speak earlier only to be spanked harshly on her firm bare ass
  like a little schoolgirl.  A generous dribbling of saliva now
  ran down her chin onto her tits.  Her eyes were wide with fear!

  Another judge spoke "Your first week has been met with defiance
  at every turn.  You failed to cooperate with the cunt and tit
  piercings to the point you had to be restrained.  You wasted
  our precious time with your antics.  Furthermore, you had to
  be sedated while your new "name" - 226 - was tattooed onto your
  left shoulder.  You also spoke out of turn!  THIS is something
  that will NOT be tolerated!  You were warned not only by us
  but by your fellow captives numerous times.  They must have
  warned you a dozen times that when ONE gets punished, ALL get
  punished!  We take this seriously, 226!"

  Judge #1 interjected "THEN...You complained about the HEAT!!!
  HA HA HA!  That was very amusing at first!  We thought you were
  actually joking but it became obvious you were not.  Hell,
  it's like this MOST of the time.  It's only about 85 degrees
  today, the coolest day we have had in a month!

  "You obviously need an environmental education.  The fact that you
  were brought to us with pale skin from the northern United States
  does NOT explain your behavior.  You are going to be taught to live
  with the heat or die!  You have no choice!"

  "GUARDS!  GET THIS CUNT OUT OF HERE!  YOU HAVE YOUR ORDERS!"

  She was then given an injection to keep her knocked out the rest of
  the night.  Her punishment would begin at sunrise! She was carried
  away - naked and in chains - by 3 big guards.

  It was going to be so much fun to see her suffer!


  THE MORNING AFTER
  -----------------

  The next morning, the first thing she heard was one of the guards
  talking to another.  "We just got finished in time.  It's almost
  8:00.  This is perfect!  No way she can even MOVE!"

  Then some grogginess left her as the harsh reality of her plight
  became clear.  She had been taken to the roof of the building
  during the night and stretched out, quite naked to the elements!
  Oh my GOD!  She wasn't going to enjoy this one bit.  Her pale skin
  was already feeling quite warm as the sun had been up nearly an hour.
  She was still numb from the drugs.

  No shadows!  No shade!  No relief!  Naked to the world and
  prepared in a special way to embrace the heat of the day.  THAT was
  her punishment.  But for how long?  She could not speak for some
  contraption in her mouth.  She didn't understand it yet.  How
  long could she endure this?  What were they doing to her?
  What kinds of things had they done to her body?  She was bound
  quite severly and unable to see anything except the cloudless
  sky and the fierce, cruel sun, already pounding away on her without
  mercy.  Still very numb, she was still a good 15 minutes away from
  feeling the full force of her captivity.

  "Good morning, #226!  Glad to see you are - ahem! - comfortable!
  Hope you are warm enough!"  said some voice from behind her.
  "I assure you that you will be MUCH warmer by the end of the day."

  It was one of the judges from the last night's "trial."

  "To continue your education - at least for now - let me inform
  you that you are on the roof of the main headquarters of the camp.
  We've had to do this a couple times before to other poor useless
  cunts who needed a special education.  We are REAL good at it now."

  "I know you can hear me so I will explain what is being done to
  you.  It's quite simple, actually.  You are being punished for
  complaining about the heat.  You see, we can't do anything about
  it anyway, except make you understand how hot it can really get."

  "You are stretched extremely tight about one foot above the surface.
  You are, of course, totally naked.  To absorb the full brunt of the
  sun, this roof is kept completely BLACK!  In fact is was freshly
  tarred just last week and we didn't even know you were coming.
  That is the squishing sound you hear underneath my workboots as
  I walk around inspecting your bonds.  It's quite a mess up here.

  All that could be heard was a muffled attempt at a scream and
  an attempt to loosen the bonds.  It was no use!

  "Okay...now that that's settled, I'll continue.  You
  are going to bake today.  In order to do that, you will have to
  sweat.  We can't WAIT to look out that window over there to see
  just how much that fine body of yours is pouring sweat.  Because
  of that, the tube that runs into your mouth comes from a huge
  water jug.  Just bite down on it a little and water will be
  released.  We considered leaving you dry but that would probably
  be no fun after a while.  We just want you to roast and sweat!

  Just then she shook her head a little and came to a realization
  about something.  Her eyes grew huge!  Her captor knew what she
  had finally come to notice after finally waking up.  He put a
  large mirror in from of her face...

  "Yes, it's true!  You are bald!  We thought you would want any
  relief from the heat you could get to we cut ALL your hair off
  while you were unconscious and took a razor to the stubs.  There
  is, in fact, no evidence that any hair ever grew on you body at
  all as you have been given the closest body shaving in history.
  We want you to suffer fully for your disobedience!!!

  He held up the mirror for a long time.  She couldn't make more
  than a muffled moan as the tears streaked from her eyes down her face.
  Her beautiful hair was all gone.  It was just the very beginning of
  the humiliating and painful ordeal.

  "Moving on down, 226, we have the back of your shiny bald head
  resting comfortably on a stool.  A dark black stool, of course.
  We must catch ALL the suns rays so you can compare this to the
  heat you THOUGHT you were feeling during the last week.

  "A stool is also located under your perfectly fine ass, just
  barely touching it so as to not take ALL the pressure off your
  horribly stretched form.  Man you ought to SEE yourself!  It's
  just beautiful!!!

  To continue with the picture, your arms are stretched outward
  as far as they will go - as if you didn't already know this -
  and the ropes that go from your wrists are secured to large
  eyebolts on the side of the building.  A lot of time was spent
  making sure you were properly exposed.

  Although you can't raise your head more than 2 inches, you can
  probably see the steel bar that runs across up above.  If it
  resembles a swingset support it's because that's exactly what
  it is patterned after.  It even has two chains coming down towards
  the top of the roof as if to hold a swing.  These VERY tight
  chains do NOT go to a swing, however.  They go right to your
  tender white tits!  When all the drugs wear off
  you will FEEL the severe tension that has been placed on
  both of them.  Your poor, poor oversized hooters are obscenly
  stretched upward.  Looks like they are going to finally get
  some sun after all these years, too!  What a sight!

  You probably wonder why you can't move your fingers.  I probably
  don't need to tell you this but your fingers are individually
  (and carefully) stapled to black boards below the knuckle.
  The boards each have 2 holes drilled into them from which
  heavy springs are coiled to the edges of this hot fiery roof.
  In that way, the backs of your hands will get the same treatment
  as the rest of your useless whore body.  We don't want to miss
  any spots today.  As I have said, we are good at this by now!
  GAWD, it's getting hot up here!  It's supposed to be over 90
  today out there but here...well, this gooshey roofing tar usually
  starts bubbling about 10:00.  It'll be way, WAY over a hundred
  degrees up here!  You will swear you are on fire!

  So now let's skip on down to your feet.  Ah, yes...
  You can't see it, but your toes have been stapled to black boards,
  too, just like your fingers.  They will not budge.  And just
  like your fingers, they have been spread out as far as possible
  to get plenty of rays in between those poor bound digits.  The
  boards that imprison those dainty white feet of yours are pulled
  very tightly to the edges of the roof like your "hand-stocks" are.
  Man, you gotta LOVE this setup!

  Naturally, we had to spread your legs apart to get the full
  effect of the hot, scorching sun.  It will be interesting to
  see just how hot you get today in that area.  Looks like you
  haven't been getting to the beach much this year.  Oh, I forgot!
  You don't LIKE the heat.  We are going to take care of that
  pale skin of yours today!

  Needless to say, your bare lilly legs are split apart just as
  far as humanly possible.  We almost made it a straight line from
  heel-to-heel but didn't quite make it.  We also had quite a time
  pointing those toes down in ballet form but we did it.  It was
  important you get some sun on those feet.  You will not soon 
  forget your visit to the roof!

  Now for the best part.  You won't feel this until the drugs
  wear off either and you will really want to scream then.
  Listen carefully...As you remember, your cunt was
  pierced when you first got here.  You had to be restrained
  for it to take place.  Well, rings have been inserted into
  each cunt lip and stretched out wide.  You are a real sight
  to see, #226!  It makes me want to drill you right here and
  now but I would be giving you pleasure you do not deserve.
  Your cunt lips are stretched very, VERY far with serious coil
  springs to the sides of the building such that your pinkness
  is horribly overexposed to the cruel sun.  You must have really
  pissed off the guard who did this one to you, that's all I gotta
  say.  In all my years of inflicting pain, I have NEVER
  EVER been able to see so far into a woman's cunt!!!
  Man, is there EVER going to be a pussy bake today??!!  HAAAAAAA!

  Well, it's hard to tell what part is going to be the most
  uncomfortable first.  But seeing as how the sun is now rising
  at your feet and will set behind your head, I'd say you will
  have a nice blistering cunt by 10:00.  First it will be the
  newly shaved skin around your sexhole, the you will probably
  feel the extreme discomfort of the rings in you labia as they
  heat up.  You had better keep drinking water because the
  sizzle you hear will be you baking the INSIDES of you pussy.
  We have done a lot of nasty experiments on the useless whores
  we get here, but I have NEVER seen a cunt streteched open quite
  that far.  WHAT A SIGHT!  Somebody REALLY wanted to see you
  suffer!  I will have to compliment them.

  You will remain here all day, #226!  It is your penalty for being
  such a fucking cunt!  I will now remove your gag briefly for any
  comments or questions you might have."

  He unbuckled the host contraption from behind her head.  She wailed!

  "NO NO NO!  PLEASE DON'T DO THIS!  I'LL DO ANYTHING!  I'LL BE A
  MODEL PRISONER!  A SLUT!  A WHORE!  ANYTHING YOU WANT!  PLEASE
  DON'T BURN ME UP LIKE THIS!  I WILL BE INCREDIBLY MISERABLE FOR
  A LONG TIME AND UNABLE TO SERVE YOU PROPERLY!  USE ME FOR ANYTHING
  BUT DON'T LEAVE ME UP HERE ALL DAY!  PLEEEEEEEEESE! MY SKIN WILL
  BURN OFF!  MMMMMMMMFFFFFFFF!"  Her last statement was lost as the
  water contraption was re-inserted into her mouth.

  "You should have thought of all that when you complained about
  the heat!  We don't tolerate complainers!  We let the punishment
  fit the crime and make ALL suffer along with it.  You were given
  plenty of warnings by everyone, including your fellow prisoners
  who repeatedly warned you of the consequences.

  "Well...your disobedience is now going to have far-reaching effects
  all over the camp today.  You will certainly be the top story!
  You see, right after you were sentenced last night, the rest of the
  camp was sentenced, too.  It's obvious you don't care about what
  happens to them so they were assembled and read the following
  statement which was then posted everywhere around the prison,
  including inside EVERY CELL!

  Here!  I'll read it to you...

  !!!!! NOTICE !!!!!

  Prisoner #226, the new inmate, was just found guilty of violating
  camp rules after repeated warnings.  Since you fellow prisoners
  obviously have no concept of controlling your actions as a whole,
  everyone will suffer tomorrow for it!  When told the consequences,
  226 just said "I don't care.  It's too hot.  I don't give a
  shit about anybody.  I don't need anybody."  So now you see what
  she thinks about the rest of you!  You will all be punished for
  things that are her fault.  Please keep this in mind tomorrow
  as you suffer...

  As you know, we have been assigned to repaint all the markings at
  the airport tomorrow.  Originally a one-day job for the 50 of you,
  this will now probably take 2 full days, from the usual hours of
  8am to 8pm because there have been some adjustments.  Listen
  very carefully since these will not be repeated!

  First of all, the 8-mile ride has been cancelled!  You will WALK!
  You will leave here at 8 am FOR the airport and you will start
  you hike BACK at 5pm before the hot asphalt road has a chance to
  cool off any.  The best part of all is that you will all be BAREFOOT!
  Workboots will be left at camp.  We will have no spares in the trucks
  either.  Anyone caught protecting their feet in any way from the
  extreme heat of the blistering asphalt will be killed.
  You have all been here long enough to know that this is true!
  Inmate 226 is directly to blame for this!  Given a list of penalties
  you were to endure, this is the one she chose.  She wanted you to
  suffer along with her punishment.
  She THOUGHT it was hot so we are going to have a LESSON in hot!

  The 8-mile scorching, sizzling barefoot "Punishment March" will be
  single file down the middle of the road on the center line.  You will
  line up with the shortest inmate in front, tallest in back.  Prisoners
  will be spaced AT LEAST six feet apart at all times during the march.

  As always, there will be no talking amongst you but feel free to moan,
  scream, whimper, and beg for mercy at any time.  There is no penalty
  for that tomorrow.  We LIKE to hear you suffer!

  As #226 wants it, there will be 20 guards making the trip to
  the airport to make sure that all of your poor, naked feet enjoy
  CONSTANT, UNBROKEN CONTACT with steaming hot asphalt for TWELVE
  CONTINUOUS HOURS!!!  This will be closely monitored as there is a
  lot of work to get done.  AT NO TIME WILL ANY OF YOUR FEET EVER LEAVE
  THE PAVEMENT!

  There will be plenty of drinking water for all of you as long as you
  squat flat-footed and put your mouth entirely over the nozzle as you
  swallow.  This, too, will be carefully monitored.  At 1:00, lunch will
  be served with all prisoners STANDING in the middle of the runway in
  formation the usual 3 feet apart.  For the 30 minute period starting
  with the lunch whistle, NO INMATE WILL MOVE HER FEET FROM THE PAVEMENT
  FOR ANY REASON!  You will ALL stand still and flatfooted for that
  period of time!  It will be so unbearably hot on the blacktop by
  THAT time that you can probably expect to smell burning flesh!

  If you ALL make it through this agony to 5:00, you will be rewarded
  by being allowed to walk back to prison in the same manner you got
  there as opposed to being all dragged behind the trucks naked down
  the street.  Amuse us sufficiently with your agony and you will be
  spared that additional punishment.  It's up to ALL of you.  By now
  you should obviously know the value of teamwork.

  Uniform of the Day is #10, the tight cutoff jeans and the dark grey
  V-neck tee shirt.  Same thing the next day.

  To take your mind of the pain - if that's possible - you will certainly
  wish to think of ways to thank #226 personally for these two days.
  She wanted you to suffer, too.  She is DIRECTLY responsible.

  !!!!! END OF NOTICE !!!!!


  "So now you have their REVENGE to think about, too.  I know they
  will ALL want a hand in molding your future behavior here!  You
  DO have so much to learn.

  Gotta go now, you useless cunt, but I'll be back later to see
  how well you are frying up here.  I see you are sweating already!
  Good!  Don't go anywhere!  Haaaaaa!!"

  He then left her there to suffer.

  It was clear there would be no relief.  The suffering had just
  started and already she was hot.  But not as uncomfortable as
  she WOULD be, especially due to the fact the drugs hadn't worn
  off yet.  She would soon feel the effects of her tits pulled
  as far as they could be and her pussy lips splayed harshly to 
  the edges of the roof.

  Four painful hours went by, not that she could actually measure
  time in her contidion.  As if it would actually have made any
  difference in the condition of her skin, she drank what must
  have been a gallon of water.  Being able to hold it no more, she
  painfully shot out a stream of piss to the steamy roof just
  below her tortured body.  She could hear it sizzle as if butter
  were hitting a hot frying pan.  She wondered how much more
  punishment she could take.

  Finally, she heard a voice.  It was the same man who had explained
  her predicament to her earlier in the morning.

  "Well, 226, I see you are getting quite red already.  Very good!
  The kind of work you will be doing during your LONG stay here
  requires a lot of time outside.  Consider this a short course in
  environmental education.  Didn't have much of this up in Minnesota,
  did you?  We KNEW there was a reason you were so pale.

  I see you are drinking lots of water.  Good.
  It will keep you alive during your time up here.  Don't piss
  us off and make us take it away.  We have no intention of letting
  you die unless you make it necessary.  Mistakes DO happen, though.

  Yes, you are QUITE a nice shade of pink right now.  You are going
  to hurt like never before when this is all over.  Maybe THEN you
  will learn to obey orders and to keep your goddamn mouth shut.
  Until we command it open for sex, of course!

  Your tender tits are REALLY burning!  That will be fun to
  see.  You will, of course, be offered no relief from the pain
  once you have been set free.  You will reject the very idea of
  clothing so as to keep your body from any contact.

  Well, 226, it's only noon.  Time for the sun to REALLY get mean
  so I will leave you to its unrelenting rays.  You WILL remain
  in this position until I command that you are released from it.
  I'm not satisfied you have suffered enough yet, so you will stay
  like this for a few hours longer.  I will return later to inspect
  your misery."

  "How could this be happening to her?" she thought.  Just a few
  days ago she was a college student in Minnesota enjoying the end
  of her first school year.  She had enjoyed the wild parties
  nearly every night and the many guys she had slept with.  She
  thought back to that environment.  It gave her momentary relief.

  She could think of snow.  And boys.  Lots of them.
  She went through a lot of them her first school year.  It was
  easy to do.  She was as gorgeous as a young woman could be and
  just as wild.  Her favorite subject was the opposite sex and how
  many guys she could please, tease, and steal from other girls.
  This kind of behavior naturally had its drawbacks.

  So now it was all making sense!  Someone must have had her kidnapped!
  But WHO?  Actually, there was no way of ever knowing the answer to
  this unless she were actually told since she DID have a lot of enemies.
  There were a lot of people who would probably enjoy her current
  predicament.  She must have wronged someone who had the connections
  to cause her this much harm.  Someone was putting her in her place!

  She spent the next few hours experiencing the new additional mental
  anquish of trying to guess how she got there.  Was she sent?  Was
  she just randomly nabbed from the streets?  How long would she be
  at this place?  How long would she be on this roof baking
  in the blistering sun?  If her misbehavior were really causing
  the rest of the inmates to be punished so severly as she had been
  told, would they retaliate?  Surely the guards would protect her
  from such brutality.

  She passed out from the pain.

  "WAKE UP!!!" yelled her captor.  "We want you to FEEL the pain!
  You have now been up here 8 hours.  Take my word for it, you are
  quite red and you STILL have FOUR HOURS until the sun goes down.
  Time for more heat!  It's so fucking hot here on the roof that we
  don't even have a way to measure it.  We must really do something
  about that some day.  It helps add to the discomfort if the victim
  knows how badly she's being punished.

  Your are going to regret the fact you even HAVE hooters this large
  because every INCH of them must burn like never before.  Your cunt has
  been burned out of commission for quite some time.  But, of course,
  we don't care becuase we are all going to fuck you anyway!

  "But FIRST, I have decided your fate for the immediate future.  Here
  it is...

  "Sometime after dark, you will be given an injection which will
  keep you knocked out until the sun comes up tomorrow morning.  Again,
  you will find yourself quite stretched out up here on the roof.
  But, naturally, you will be face down so we can fry your perfect
  little ass.  You didn't REALLY think we would let you get an
  uneven burn, did you?  When we are done with you up here, it will
  be a challenge for you to even SIT!  See you in the morning."

  And so it went.  As advertised, she was innoculated with something
  about 9:00.  She had been looking forward to it, actually, as it
  was her only relief from the horrible pain that was now her very
  own skin.  How could they be so cruel?  It was her lesson in
  discipline.  She was paying a high price for her insolence.


  ANOTHER LONG DAY:
  -----------------
  She slowly blinked her eyes open to notice they had kept their promise.
  Now she could see they goop firsthand that she had to smell for
  hours the previous day.  A thin black film of tar and gravel covered
  the roof less than 2 feet below her outstretched body.  It was going
  to be another rather uncomfortable day at the beach for this poor
  slut.  No mercy for those who misbehave, no matter what the degree.

  Someone went to great lengths during the night to make sure she
  would get serious sunburn on all unpunished parts of her body.
  Masterfully stretched with strong coil springs like the day before,
  she was a picture of helplessness.

  Her palms were now exposed to the morning sun, sure to get a good
  burn by the end of the day.  Like yesterday, they were carefully
  stapled under black blocks of wood so as to attract the strong
  sunlight.  Her feet were given some special attention, it appeared,
  that she wasn't yet aware of.  Just as yesterday prepared her for
  pain in the tits and cunt, today would serve to guarantee that
  it would hurt to walk for some time to come.  Her legs were not
  stretched quite as far as yesterday.  They were only a foot apart
  though the tension on them towards the roof was still there.
  There was a huge coil spring joining metal ankle cuffs they had
  placed on her during the night.  The metal would naturally heat
  up in the sizzling sun - it wouldn't take very long - and burn
  into her ankles.  There was more to it as she would find out later.

  Again, her captor's voice.  "I trust you had a good night's sleep,
  # 226!  Today we are going to bake your backside and cook the tender
  parts just right.  Your sweet ass has never gotten much sun as we
  all can see, so that will be taken care of today.

  "You are still heavily drugged.  A half hour from now, when you DO
  regain senses you will wish you WERE on drugs again.  Your tits
  are now maroon.  They each have some unique jewelry attachments, too,
  as we went to the exercise room and brought up two 5-pound barbell
  weights to hang from each metal tit-chain.  You look quite lovely,
  226, but you don't want to try to wiggle around for any relief
  today.  Your tits will feel the pain from yesterday's burn magnified
  by the severe stretching.

  "As far as your burned pussy is concerned...you will soon feel what
  someone did to your cunt lips soon enough but I will give you the
  description to give you something to look forward to.  Fishhooks
  that go through your pierced labia pull your fuckhole wide apart
  once again.  THIS time, the chains that stretch you impossibly far
  apart meet behind you right above your ass.  They are linked
  together quite tightly.  Soon they will conduct the heat of the
  sun back down to your nether lips which will burn with pain all
  day long.  It will be just one of many points of pain you will
  feel today.  Tits & cunt.  Just two painful areas.  Another will
  be the bottoms of your feet.

  "Your feet are only a foot or so apart.  They have already
  been put in a circle of light.  You see...we have placed a nice
  magnifying glass on a stand just above your bound feet.  You are
  going to think those poor things are going to explode today as we
  fry them for our pleasure.  You will probably be able to smell the
  burning flesh a little later today.  This is just a reminder of the
  same pain that 50 of your fellow criminals are suffering because
  YOU wouldn't listen to them.  YOU woudln't shut your useless whore
  mouth even after their warnings.  YOU are directly responsible for
  the punishments to be inflicted on them again today.  I assure you...
  they have been all made well aware that it is totally YOUR fault
  and YOUR fault alone they can hardly walk today.  Frankly, I don't
  think some of them will make it through the day out there on the
  sizzling blacktop runway today.

  "They screamed for mercy all day yesterday only to find solace in
  cussing you at every opportunity.  They HATE you, #226, and I don't 
  blame them one bit.  They certainly worked hard to move their feet
  around but it just ultimately caused horrible discomfort.  We didn't
  even let them dry off their sweat yesterday.  Just had to drip.  Many
  of them tried to drip sweat onto their feet but all they could manage
  was to get the perspiration to sizzle as it hit the blacktop.
  There was an aroma of burning flesh in the air.  It was truly a
  wonderful punishment for all of them.  Today will be even hotter.

  "Well, have a nice day!"



  PART 2 - INMATES' REVENGE
  -------------------------
  Exactly one month had passed since #226 had been returned to the regular
  part of the prison following her rooftop tortures in the blistering sun.
  Certainly, it was the longest month of her life knowing that the other
  inmates had been given strict orders not to touch her during that time.
  Would this time be a cooling-off period for the anger they had
  for the "Barefoot Punishment March" they had to endure at her request?
  Not likely!  Not THIS group!  Everyone KNEW the opposite would
  be the case.  The time would only magnify the hatred they felt
  towards this worthless slut.  Shew might as well have held their feet to
  the fire with her own hands.  Some of them STILL had scars and it was
  now time to get even.  It was no coincidence that the first day she was
  "fair game" would be a Saturday.  It was time...

  Number 226 got NO sleep Friday night.  She knew that the cells would
  all unlock at 9:00 am, PAYBACK TIME!!!

  Sure enough, seconds after the "freedom buzzer" sounded, there
  was a venemous crowd outside her cell.  Two of them slammed open the bars
  and approached her with a cloth soaked in chlorophorm.  Knowing better
  than to resist, she let them put it over her face.  She didn't know yet
  what they had in store for her but she had a feeling it wasn't going
  to be a nice day.  She was unconscious in seconds. 

  There wasn't a guard to be found anywhere.  This was to be expected:
  They were too busy watching it on the monitors.  Plus, it was strongly
  hinted for several days they might be real scarce on this day.  It
  gave the more resourceful prisoners many ideas.  It soon became apparent
  they were going to be allowed to have full control over their revenge
  plans.  Today was going to be FUUUUUN!!!

  Now deadweight, 226 was being carried to the side of the main yard that
  ended with a steep cliff looking down on the top of a storage building
  they all had been working on earlier in the week.  It was about 100'
  long.  Still quite drugged, 226 was stripped naked and laid on the
  ground.  Her uniform was torn to shreds, then burned.  She was then
  very carefully and very thoroughly shaved from head to toe.  The head
  of hair that had started to grow back the past month was gone again.
  They spent several minutes shaving her.  The shaved and shaved every
  inch of her body several times to be sure to make her slick and bald.
  She was ready for the next phase...

  These inmates were strong and resourceful.   One of them drove a crane
  over to the area.  With at least 30 minutes remaining before she would
  wake up, she was raised to a standing position and handcuffed.  The
  crane operator lowered the hook to catch the cuffs.  Up she went!
  Was she going to be toasted in the sun again?  The rest of the
  inmates who she had so severly wronged knew what was in store for her.
  Some of them were so excited at her inevitable suffering, they had
  to play with themselves.  It was quite a sight as 226 was lowered
  onto the right side of the roof where another inmate awaited to
  swing her helpless form onto a piece of plywood about 8' square.
  There was little room for her to move without venturing out onto the
  top of the roof itself.  After unlocking the handcuffs, the assistant
  walked to the near corner of the roof and sat in a chair
  under the shade of an umbrella.  They all waited for her to awake.

  On the other side of the roof sat another inmate, also in the shade.
  Now 9:30, it was quite hot.  Even the two prisoners who were protected
  from the sun were sweating, their long hair getting soaked, their
  beautiful faces dripping sweat as if they had just run a race.  Our
  other captive - the BAD one - lay unconscious on her back, spread out
  to the hot sun.  Naked to the world!

  Soon 226 was given an injection to wake her up which it promply
  did with a JOLT!  The inmates on the hill laughed uncontrollably
  knowing 226 was now aware of her plight!

  Seeing the obvious, she started to sob uncontrollably as she
  looked up to the hill at the revengeful group laughing at her
  predicament.  Just then, the woman at the other end of the roof
  spoke...

  "Good morning 226, YOU LITTLE WHORE!!  In case you are wondering,
  I am # 14, the senior inmate here.  I have survived 8 years of
  this hell and don't expect FRESH MEAT WHORE CUNT SLUTS like YOU
  to fuck it up by disobeying the rules!  You were warned by ALL
  of us your first few days, yet you just HAD to complain!!!
  We have waited a long time for this and we are going to all
  enjoy seeing you suffer even more than WE did having the bottoms of
  our feet literally burned off by blistering pavement for TWO
  DAYS STRAIGHT!"

  Seeing the obvious, the naked captive tried to speak..."NO NO NO...
  PLEASE DON'T MAKE ME DO THIS...PLEASE...PLEASE...OH GOD NOOOOOOOO...
  I'LL DO ANYTHING FOR ANY OF YOU FOREVER!!!....PLEASE DON'T..."

  "SHUT UP!!!" screamed #14.

  The crowd on the hill was collectively peeing their pants, knowing
  what was going to happen next.  The senior prisoner continued...

  "You are directly responsible for the discomfort we all felt for
  several days.  My feet were SCALDED!!!  You are now going to spend
  time on your knees thoroughly licking them to my satisfaction!
  This will probably take quite some time.  And here's the best part...
  I'M in the shade and you are not...YOU are coming over here!!!
  Start walking!!!  NOW!!!"

  She KNEW it!  #14 KNEW this was coming!  Between her and #14 was
  an 80 foot walk through gooey, black, HOT roofing tar.  It smelled
  horrible and would be difficult to remove.  There was no way out
  of this...it was at least 6" deep.  The inmates had worked several
  extra hours making sure the roof had much more tar than it needed,
  enough that it would completely coat her bare feet.

  "HURRY YOU FUCKING CUNT!!!  MY FEET ARE WAITING FOR YOUR TONGUE!!"

  "NOOOOO!!!  PLEEEEEEEEEZZ!!"

  "NOW!!!  Don't make me any madder than I am already!!!"

  With that, #226 extended her left foot off the safe, dry platform.
  The crowd on the hill roared!  She touched it with her big toe.  It was
  VERY warm, like hot bath water.  Knowing she had no choice, the
  naked, hairless prisoner leaned forward and saw her foot disappear
  into the tar.  It was a good inch over her ankle.  The inmates had
  done a thorough job tarring this roof.  The crowd cheered and howled
  as if someone had just scored a touchdown.  One foot in, one to go.

  She now had one foot
  in front of her and one still back on the platform on the ball
  of her foot.  She raised it up and sank it into the goo as well.
  She was quite a sight standing ankle-deep in roofing tar.  There
  was quite a ways to go - about 80 feet - to the other side of the
  roof.

  Like a high-wire artist, she stretched both arms out to balance
  herself as she pulled her left foot out of the mess.  It took a
  great deal of strength just to pull it out.  Her foot pulled up a
  huge steamy trail of black goo as she raised it up.  With all the
  balance she had, she plunged it back into the tar in front of her
  as far as she could safely set it.  She wanted to get this overwith
  as soon as possible since it would undoubtedly take hours to untar
  her feet.  She could feel it between her toes.  It was getting hot.
  By now she could feel that it was like being barefoot on hot pavement.
  Keep moving or you will burn.  They had planned this revenge perfectly.

  By now she was a glistening mass of sweat with tears pouring down her
  face magnified by the humiliating laughter up on the hill.  She knew
  this day would come.  They were enjoying her misery immensely, not
  forgetting for a minute what she did to THEIR feet!

  "HURRY UP, YOU CUNT!!!  WE DON'T HAVE ALL DAY!  GET YOUR ASS OVER HERE!"

  It was a study in strength and balance as she pulled out each foot
  and plunged it back into the mess in front of her.
  Step after step it was the same thing, with each new step a little
  hotter than the previous one.  She also had to walk bow-legged to
  prevent the thick trail of nasty tar from sticking to her legs.
  It was a beautiful sight, indeed!

  Ten minutes later she found herself at the other side, standing
  directly in from of her captor's protective plywood surface.  Just
  as she started to raised her foot out of the tar and onto the surface
  #14 spoke again.

  "STOP!!!  Don't you DARE put those feet on my nice clean floor!  Now
  kneel on the wood and start licking my feet, showing all of us how
  sorry you are for having us punished!  Leave YOUR feet in the tar!"

  "PLEASE...PLEEEEEEZE, LET ME PULL THEM OUT!  IT'S GETTING SO HOT IN
  THERE!!!  I'M SOOOO SORRY FOR EVERYTHING!!!" the captive screamed.

  "Shut up and start licking.  I'M giving the orders here, bitch!"

  With that she found the bottom of a foot in her face.  She meekly
  extended her tongue to touch it.  The gang on the hill roared approval.

  "Lick like you MEAN it!  Use your hands to position it - gently - for
  a better angle.  Slurp it up, dear!  You had it coming!!!  You will
  be finished only when both my feet shine with your saliva!"

  She began to lick rapidly, like a dog with a water dish.  This was for
  real.  The sooner she accomplished her task, the sooner it would all be
  over for her.  She used her tongue like never before to the roar of the
  crowd which was quite enjoying her humiliation!

  The five minutes of vigorous lapping seemed like hours until #14 finally
  spoke again.

  "OKAY, 226, you can quit licking now.  Stand up!!!"

  Number 14 poked her shiny feet out of the shade so the crowd could
  get a better look.  They applauded their approval.

  The senior inmate then nodded up to the crane operator.  Within a few
  seconds the crane returned.  But THIS time it wasn't a hook.  A six-
  foot pole was lowered just behind #226 to shoulder level.  It formed
  a triange as chains from either side of the pole joined together
  several feet above the horizontal bar.  Handcuffs hung from each end
  of the bar.

  "SPREAD YOUR ARMS OUT!"

  Out they went.  "Anything," she thought "to get the hell off this roof!"

  Click.  Click.  She was now secured to the pole.

  Another nod to the crane operator and 226 was slowly lifted out of
  the nasty tar.  A stream of it oozed off her feet back onto the surface
  of the roof.  It looked much like molasses being poured onto a plate.
  To get all the drippings, she was held in place about 3 feet off the
  surface.  She was holding her tarred feet apart so they would not
  stick together.  But why was she stopped???

  Another nod up to the crane and #226 was brought forward to her captor
  who reached around the corner and produced a 3' steel bar just like the
  one stretching out the captive's arms.  It, too, had handcuffs on each end.

  "Spread your legs, you WORTHLESS CUNT!" screamed #14 as she put on heavy
  workgloves.  "I need to lock you in place!  You'd better do it if you want
  to leave this roof alive!!!"

  Apart they went!  Two more clicks and we now had a suspended, naked,
  quivering prisoner, her entire body devoid of hair.  Her arms were
  stretched out as wide as they would go and her legs suffered the 
  same fate.  Both her feet were completely coated with thick, warm
  unforgiving tar up past the ankles.  Jet black.  She was VERY hot.
  Her punisher spoke again.

  "Comfortable?  I hope so!  You are quite a sight to see.  But you
  didn't REALLY think we were actually DONE punishing you, did you?
  HAAAAAAAAA!"

  Another nod uphill.  Slowly she was lowered.  As soon as the spreader
  bar buried her feet back into the tar, the crane stopped.  Now back
  where she started, she was about one foot in front of her captor's
  dry platform.  Sweat now pouring out of her entire body she looked
  helplessly at the master of her fate, #14, who she so severly wronged
  just a few weeks ago.

  "NOOOO!!!  PLEASE DON'T DO THIS TO ME!!!!"  she pleaded.

  "SHUT UP, YOU BITCH!  YOU WILL NOT MAKE ANOTHER SOUND LEST YOU WANT
  TO SUFFER SOME MORE!!!

  # 226 knew it was true.  She sobbed uncontrollably, knowing full
  well what was coming next.  There was no ecsape.  A ring, 3" in
  diameter, was inserted through each of 226's pierced nipples.  The
  captor held on to these and signalled the crane operator again.

  The tension on the crane above was released enough the our hapless
  victim was now leaning backward just a little.  She was being held
  off the surface of the roof now by her grotesquely stretched tits
  now in the hands of the senior inmate.  226 strained like never
  before to be silent as her punisher played with her helpless body.
  She was tilted back just a little more to where another few inches
  on the lower back of her legs were sinking into the sticky stuff.
  The prisoner could be silent no longer...

  "EEEEEEEEEIIIIIIIIIIIIIIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! OW!
  NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!  UNH!"

  "I told you to be SILENT!!!" demanded #14.  "Now you have to pay
  the price for annoying us with you screams."

  With that, she let go of the tit rings.

  SPLAT!  Backwards into the tar she went!

  The crowd exploded with its approval.  They laughed uncontrollably
  as the one who made them suffer so much not so long ago now laid
  naked, bald, and splayed wide open on her back, sinking into a six inch
  pool of very warm tar.  They cheered like never before.  It had
  been a long time coming but it was worth seeing her suffer this
  incredible cruelty.  The fifty roaring, laughing inmates just barely
  drowned out the captive's incredible screaming.   They had waited a
  long time to give her this cruel, sticky torture.  Of course, this
  was only beginning.

  She raised her head up as far as possible considering her predicament.
  Her sinking stopped as she settled onto the rooftop.  Her
  front still exposed to the blistering sun, the entire back of her body
  and her sides were now buried deep in dark black roofing tar.  She
  strained her neck to prevent burying the entire back of her bald head
  in the stuff.  As #14 looked on, it was obvious what would have to be
  done next...

  "I see we didn't get it quite thick enough in the short amount of time
  we had to set up this little exercise.  Okay, pull her out!"

  She was pulled up to the sound of more cheering.  This was every bit the
  great spectacle they had hoped for.  Their prisoner was indeed suffering
  quite nicely at their punishment.  They were proud.

  As quickly as she was lifted out of the goo, she was hoisted over to #14
  who spun this black-and-white slut around to face the other way.  Instantly,
  she was dropped again, this time on her front.  She strained her neck
  again backward to keep her face out of it.  She settled in!  She could not
  move.

  She was left that way as the crowd whooped it up, whistled, laughed,
  made every comment they could think of, and peed their pants.  But mostly
  the laughed.  And spoke of how much they had waited for this day since
  their tortured feet had hurt them every time they took another step on
  the blistering blacktop.  Now SHE was being punished, thoroughly coated
  with tar from the neck down.

  As she was slowly lifted out of the mess, it was still quite apparent she
  would get no help.  There was still not a guard in sight.  How curious!
  This helpless, jet-black, punished whore was lifted several feet above the
  roof and just held there for more comments as the excess goo oozed from
  her body is thick gobs.  It had worked perfectly!  They had achieved the
  thorough coating they had wished.  A beautiful sight to behold!

  "Okay, 226.  So you have been covered with tar.  Big deal!  We are now
  going to hear what you have to say about what should be done to you next.
  I trust that even YOU know what THAT'S supposed to be.  If not, you are
  dumber than we thought.  But not only are you going to tell us what comes
  next, you are going to BEG for it.  You KNOW there is more punishment to
  come and we want you to INSIST that it continue on.  To avoid more
  penalties beyond even THAT, the first words out of your mouth are critical.
  Speak whenever you are ready because you are just going to hang there
  oozing globs of tar until we are convinced you desire more abuse."

  "Nooooooo!  Please, no!  Not feathers, TOO!  It will be unbearable!"

  "Right answer, wrong form, 226!  Too bad for you.  That just earned you
  a bonus punishment!  It just cost you dearly!  We will now add
  more to your penalty because of that!  We suspected as much and are set
  up for it anyway!  You still haven't learned to follow orders, I see!
  Now BEG like you have never begged before!"

  "I want to be covered with feathers now!  Please, please, please!"

  "That's a LITTLE better, but you must REALLY convince us.  Apologize
  to ALL of us.  Tell us how you deserve to be punished like this, Tar Baby!
  HAAAAAAAA!  Be convincing!"

  "I'm so sorry for the pain I caused all of you.  You can be sure it
  will not happen again.  You had every right to burn my clothes, shave
  me bald and cover me with tar.  I beg you to now punish me even more
  by covering me with feathers.  They will itch terribly and make me
  much more uncomfortable than I am now and increase my humiliation to
  higher limits.  Please decorate my hot, punished body for your
  amusement.  Thank you so very much for the beautiful black coating of
  tar!  It is very hot and sticky and I KNOW I richly deserve it.  I now
  BEG you to please, please increase my punishment by covering me in
  feathers.  It would be the fair thing to do now.  I very much want this
  horrible punishment!  I invite you all to witness the discomfort as I
  scrub myself raw untarring my tender body just as you all suffered
  burning feet.  It will take days to remove.  The punishment SHOULD
  fit the crime.  It serves me well.

  She continued.  "Most of all is wish to sincerely thank you for the
  valuable lesson I have learned in obedience.  It is now clear to me
  that I must obey all orders at all times and always do what I am told
  or suffer very much for it.  I know now to submit without question to
  every command, every order given to me.  As a result of my disobedience,
  I am now hanging from a crane, COMPLETELY coated with a very generous
  coating of tar.  I am very hot and sticky but I KNOW that it's
  not yet enough which is why I am asking you - BEGGING you - to
  please, please, PLEEEEEEASE punish me some more with a generous coating
  of scratchy, itchy feathers to make me incredibly uncomfortable for
  several days to come.  My skin should peel off like yours did.  I AM a
  criminal!  Thank you all so very much for treating me like the piece of
  shit I now know I am!"

  "Not bad, #226.  See?  That wasn't so hard, was it?  Now that you have
  convinced us you ARE guilty as hell, we will continue.  TAKE HER DOWN!"

  She was a beautiful contrast against the blue sky hanging way up in the
  air like that, splayed wide apart at the ankles and arms.  Again there
  was not a cloud in sight.  Nothing but that fiery yellow ball up there
  causing great discomfort to those exposed to its rays.  Especially if
  you were covered with tar at the moment.  From a distance, one would think
  she were Cat Woman from the Batman movie.  Or wearing a shiny black
  body suit.  It looked so natural from a distance.  But it surely was
  nothing that could be removed easily.  It was hot, nasty, and sticky!
  And, of course, she was shaved for a reason...there was NO WAY she could
  just snip off pieces of body hair to remove it.  If she scrubbed VERY
  hard, it would STILL take days.

  She was swung around up there for a little while - just for fun -
  then positioned back over to the exercise yard.  Down she came,
  very slowly, until she found herself hanging 10 feet off the
  ground in the middle of the field.  By now, all the excess tar
  had dripped off.  She was nothing but a black mass of solid goo with a
  bald head sticking out of it.  Still no guards to be seen.  They
  were staying indoors watching it on several wide-screen monitors.

  A special U-shaped loading platform, 8 feet above the ground, had been
  built just for this occassion.  All the inmates stood around it as the
  tarred form was lowered some more.  Each one of them was clutching a
  huge pillow.  They had waited a long time for this.

  An empty industrial dump truck was then backed up to this U-shaped dock
  such that all prisoners would have access to its contents.  The splayed
  black captive no longer had a horrified look on her face.  She was well
  aware that what was to come would be very unpleasant but knew she would
  not get out of it.  It was now her fate.  She was then lowered into the
  empty truck.

  The senior prisoner, #14, had made it back from the rooftop.  It was still
  her show.  She spoke to #226.

  "Well, my pretty Tarbaby, are you ready for the next phase?  Tell us again
  just how much you want to be feathered.  We are waiting!"

  "YES, YES, YES, YES!!!!  I wish to be totally covered with feathers!  I
  BEG each and every one of you to make me suffer a great deal as I once
  made you suffer."

  Number 14, the senior inmate, jumped into the truck with her pillow.  She
  laid it down at the prisoner's feet and pulled a kitchen knife out of
  her pocket.  By now, the captive's eyes were bulging out with anticipation
  of the discomfort the would now experience.  Wasting no more time, # 14
  ripped the pillow wide open exposing about 5 pounds of feathers.
  Scooping up as much as possible with both hands, she roughly applied them
  to 226's tits.  The crowd above roared with laughter.  With increasing
  speed, the senior inmate threw handfulls of feathers at her from close
  range, making sure they stuck everywhere.  Just for fun, the last pound
  or so remaining in the sack was lifted up and poured on her from above
  her head.  They clumped all over her sticky form.  They had only just
  started with this, the FUN part.

  The next senior member, #20, went next.  Same thing.  Using her workgloves
  she made sure plenty of feathers were stuck between her toes and well up
  into the crack of her ass!  This was worse that being tarred!!!  When #20
  as done, another one went in to do her part.  And another.  and another.

  After about 20 of them had taken their turn, it was just more or less a
  contest to see how tightly the prisoner could be packed with feathers.
  This was not just another symbolic feathering for humiliation;  this
  worthless little whore was now wearing about 50 extra POUNDS on her body.
  Shit that didn't belong on a human body, of course, but shit that was
  applied to THIS body because she had actually begged for it.  No one
  ever deserved to be so thoroughly tarred and feathered as this slave.

  Now it was finally over.  At least that is what she thought.

  WRONG AGAIN!

  "I'll bet you thought you were done." said #14.  "Remember that little
  episode back up on the roof when you didn't give us the correct answer?
  You are now going to pay dearly for that little indescretion.  May it
  serve to teach you just what an insignificant slut you are!  You will
  do EXACTLY what you are told at all times without question from now on,
  especially after this NEXT episode.  Since we want you to experience
  this next setup all at once, you will be blindfolded until we are done
  with you.  Here you go..."

  As if she hadn't suffered enough - and apparently she hadn't - she was
  now unable to see what they were doing to her.  What could they
  POSSIBLY do that was worse than what they have done so far?  Plenty!

  The next few minutes were a blur.  All she could tell was that she was
  hoisted out of the dump truck and moved through the air again for about
  a minute or two.  She could feel many gloved hands working quietly on
  various parts of her body.  Some kind of a
  tube had been put in her mouth.  She knew better than to resist in the
  least.  It seemed that every part of her body had been unlocked, then
  locked up again some different way.  She was sitting.

  "Okay," someone said. "We're ready!  Remove the blindfold!"

  She was horrified at her predicament!  She was bound up inside a
  house of mirrors.  It was very light.  For the first
  time, she was forced to view her grotesquely humiliated body from
  every possible angle.   Tears streamed down her sweaty face.
  Her head was the only part of her that resembled a human being.

  She then noticed there was no roof, just a steel beam that went
  all the way across.  This beam had a number of hooks, loops and
  eyebolts in it.

  She was in a big mirrored animal cage.

  Her legs were still spread apart by the 3-foot bar.  From this sitting
  position, however, her feet were flat on the floor with her knees up.
  A pole ran across under her legs.  It was as if she had sat on the
  ground herself under a swingset and put her legs over the swing,
  dangling her feet over the other side.  As she tried to move her
  feet, she saw that each one of her toes had an elastic band around
  it.  These bands had been heavily stapled to the floor.  She was
  unable to raise them more than an inch.  It must have been an
  effort just to FIND her toes, much less bind each one of them up!
  What were they going to do to her now?

  Chains at each end of the pole ran upward at a 45 degree angle
  until they met together several feet above the pole.  From there,
  a rope ran up towards the rafter into a pulley and down
  behind our punished prisoner.  The rope was tied to a ring that
  supported a large tray that held a 5-gallon pail.

  The pole that had earlier confined her outstretched arms was now
  replaced with one that ran all the way across the room.  Stretching
  her out once again, this pole forced her to sit up perfectly
  straight.  Her 50 captors obviously wanted her to stay put and to
  be able to witness every helpless angle of her predicament.

  Behind her stood #14.  Her tormentor spoke.

  "So here was are again, #226.  Some more pain and humiliation to
  show you how useless you are.  Behind you is a 5-gallon pail.  An
  empty pail, I might add.  As I fill it up, the bar under your legs
  will lift.  Let me show you."

  # 14 picked up a large jug on the floor and started pouring its
  contents into the pail.  The pole raised up just enough to put a
  tension on each imprisoned toe.  Both feathered feet were
  pointed severly downward in a lotus position.

  "That's only a gallon!  Let's try that again with another gallon."

  As the sweat poured off the fluffy victim's face, the pole raised
  several more inches causing severe stretching of the feet.  Her
  poor toes were on the verge of being pulled from her body as the
  elastic stretched very far.  She knew she would not be able to
  endure this stretching torture very long.  She could not be silent
  any longer.  The pain was too much...

  "AAAAIIIIIIIEEEEEEE!!!  OOOOOOOHHHH!"

  She screamed out in pain for the next minute non-stop.  She had
  terrible cramps in her once-beautiful calves that were now just
  another part of her white lumpy form.  Her toes were pulled to
  the floor with incredible force.  Her feet were pointing straight
  downward.  The senior inmate spoke again.

  "I guess 2 gallons of this stuff is enough for our purposes.  Okay,
  226, here's the deal.  This is your bonus punishment for being
  stupid earlier.  Your toes are being stretched by the bar that is
  being lifted by this bucket behind your head.  So far, so good.
  You are sitting inside a cage that has one-way mirrors all around.
  Everyone can see you suffer from all angles and all you can see
  is the same thing, just yourself.  You can hear them laugh at your
  debasement, of course.

  "The only way for this pole to lower is for there to be less liquid
  in the bucket.  The only way for there to be less liquid in the
  bucket is for you to suck it all out through the hose I am now
  going to put in your mouth.  It is a special contraption that will
  prevent anything forced into your mouth from escaping without your
  swallowing it.  You will be happy to know that your special treat
  will be castor oil, that stuff you probably had to drink a lot of
  when you were a younger bad girl.  It's only fitting that since
  you were so naughty to us, you will be forced to drink 2 gallons
  of the stuff to get your freedom.  I will hook you up now."

  The leather contraption buckled behind her bald head in 3 places.
  The hose that ran from the side of the bucket into the prisoner's
  mouth had an optional attachment for a squeeze-pump.  This was
  hooked up.

  "You will be set free when - and only when - you have swallowed
  every last drop of the castor oil.  But first, you are going to
  pose for us some more.  Follow these instructions carefully, #226.
  Your mouth is going to be pumped full of castor oil.  You will
  NOT swallow it.  Since it is impossible for any to escape
  through your lips, your cheeks will puff out to obscene limits.
  Then you can bet I will pump in even MORE!!!  I want to see you
  suffer.  YOU WILL NOT SWALLOW!  You will look straight ahead
  at your bizarre punishment which has now gone to ridiculous limits.
  Somewhere along the line, I will actually stop pumping but it
  makes no difference to you.  You will keep it all inside your
  mouth anyway.  You are not to swallow until the timer on the floor
  over there goes off.  It will be FIFTEEN MINUTES!  You will be
  praying for your cheeks to just explode!  They will just be stretched
  to new limits like your toes are now.

  "In addition to that, you will spend this 15 minutes PERFECTLY STILL!!!
  We will be outside laughing at you and just sitting back enjoying
  your extreme discomfort.  ANY MOVEMENT WHATSOEVER WILL RESULT IN
  MORE PUNISHMENT LIKE THIS.  You will just look ahead at yourself
  in the mirror, using this time to reflect on your past and future
  behavior, rigid as a statue.  Motionless.  WE MEAN IT!  During this
  time you will also come to realize how lucky you are.  We didn't
  whip you, cut you, or do any permanent damage.  So many of them
  wanted you to disappear but that would have been no fun.  You needed
  to feel at least as much agony as we felt out there on our 2-day
  barefoot road detail.  You are LUCKY to have only been tarred and
  feathered, stretched, force fed, and humiliated!  Use this perfectly
  frozen 15 minutes to look at your condition.  You deserve it.

  "Also, after I pump you full of castor oil, I will leave since I
  KNOW you will want incentive to drink fast.  You see...after I exit,
  the roof will be placed on top.  It's concave glass designed to
  magnify the sun's rays.  This was fabricated just for you, #226.
  We hope you like it.  You will again suffer incredible heat as our
  bare feet once did.  Drink fast, my dear...in a few minutes your
  hopelessly tortured body will be in a blinding spotlight of highly
  magnified direct sunlight.  Your smothered body will soon scream
  for relief!  You see, you are in a hotbox.  A little torture oven
  built just for you.  In 15 minutes you will gulp castor oil like
  you never have before.  Tar will probably seep through the feathers
  again.  Ever pore of your punished body will beg for relief.  For
  FIFTEEN unbearable minutes there will BE none.  Outside, your 50
  tormentors will be watching you carefully, being entertained by
  your misery.  We will all be watching you closely, just DARING you
  to move so much as a finger that first 15 minutes!  That would not
  be too smart!

  By now you have probably wondered why you haven't been rescued from
  this.  It's true this prison camp is very cruel - the labor is VERY
  hard and the punishments severe.  But they get more work out of us
  if we work as a group.  THAT means we must make sure everyone obeys
  the rules.  By now you are aware that EVERYONE is penalized for the
  infraction of just one inmate.  This institution has a policy that
  there IS such a thing as Double Jeapordy.  First THEY punish you,
  they WE do.  It's always a contest to see who does the best job
  correcting the guilty.  We think WE won this one.

  "By now your ordeal has been videotaped from every possible angle.
  As is the custom, there will be still photographs posted all around
  the camp to remind you - and others - what happens to violators.
  You will be forced to watch a one-hour highlight film of today's
  activities every night at 9:00 for a month.  It will brought back
  out from time to time as anyone deems necessary.  You think that's
  CRUEL?!  You should thank us for letting you live, #226.

  I'm outa here, Bitch!  It's too hot for me in here already!"

  With that, #14 pumped up the prisoner's mouth until it looked like
  the feathered slave had a softball in there.  The senior inmate then
  unhooked the pump.  What a sad sight!!!

  "Time for me to go put you under the magnifying glass now.  Remember...
  BE STILL OR SUFFER MORE.  FIFTEEN MINUTES!!!"


  The prisoner sat there as still as a statue wishing she were dead.
  If she could just get through this, she would be done.  It would
  be just another horrible ordeal.  One in which there would, of course,
  be more laughter at her expense.  She could hear it.  She could also
  hear the glass being placed on the room.  She didn't dare look.  That
  would require movement which would result in more unspeakable torture.

  She couldn't make out the form in the mirror.  It was grotesque!  What
  WAS this horrible animal-like form?  She could only justify the image
  she saw by imagining she was wearing a tasteless halloween costume.
  She couldn't even recognize her face anymore as her cheeks resembled
  large balloons.  Her eyes bulged, illustrating the constant severe 
  pain of tortured cheeks and stretched toes.  She was still alive after
  being coated with tar, covered with feathers, spending most of the day
  splayed out wide by poles, and stretched every which way.  Now she
  was commanded to sit perfectly still while she had her mouth pumped
  full of castor oil.  After that, sucking down 2 gallons of the stuff
  would be a pleasure.  Now she was sitting in the middle of a circle
  of magnified sunlight getting hotter by the minute.  Only 3 minutes
  into her ordeal, it was already 105 degrees in her hothouse.


  RIIIIIIING!

  "GULP, gulp, gulp gulp.  glug glug!"  The prisoner finally was able
  to relieve the enormous pressure on her cheeks.  Now sweating
  profusely through every pore of her naked head, she frantically
  sucked the hose, bringing more foul-tasting castor oil to her mouth.
  It was actually great relief as she was now in a sauna instead of
  a cage.  The nasty liquid was her only relief as it was now 150
  degrees on her form.  She wouldn't survive much longer.  A little
  pressure was relieved from her toes.  It was working.

  Suck, suck, suck, suck.  That was the only way to get out of this.
  Her tormentors made appropriate comments about her considerable
  sucking ability and could only guess how she had gotten so good at
  it.  (She would surely have more chances for THAT in the future
  with all these horny guards)!

  Finally, her feet were back on the floor.  She was done!!!

  Number 14 came back in and quickly unchained her body and cut
  the elastic bands that had pulled her toes so far.  The defeated
  victim was forced to her feet and led outside where she was
  greeted with more laughter.  She started to stumble away from
  the crowd when #14 spoke again.

  "Well, I hope you have learned something today, #226.  You
  do as you are told at all times.  Now we have to get just ONE
  more concept across to you, then you can go untar yourself...
  Having licked my feet, you payed me back for the horrible pain
  I suffered those two barefoot days on the pavement.  But you
  didn't do a THING for anyone else.  Just me.  UNDERSTAND???"

  "NNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!  Please...no!"

  "Haaaa!  Yes, #226, it's true.  You have a date next Saturday morning
  with the next ranking inmate on the tarry roof at 9:30!!!  Next
  week and for the next 48 weeks AFTER that, you will again be tarred and
  feathered before suffering some REAL pain.  It will be different
  every week as the captor you are personally apologizing to will
  design a custom torture for our amusement.  They might actually want
  to coat your body with something else for a change.  We will have
  to vote on that, but there ARE lots of possibilites seeing as how
  we have all kinds of hay, salt, sugar, glue, paint, dirt, grass,
  itching powder, molasses, honey, and syrup.  And, of course, we only
  barely explored your new body piercings.  Plus, we haven't even
  taken the time to pierce your nose and tongue yet.  The bondage
  possibilities are literally endless!

  Deafening laughter.

  More tears streamed from here bloodshot eyes as she clearly peed
  herself.  She looked down in shame and didn't move a muscle.
  Number 14 continued...

  "You will save us the time of having to render you unconscious
  every Saturday morning.  You will arrive on schedule shaved
  as cleanly as you were today.  A very critical inspection team
  will examine your work.  Horrible penalties accompany sloppiness.

  "The BEST you can hope for is to wind up looking like you do now.
  It will definitely be worse some weeks.  There are many twisted
  minds here.  I know that some are going to command for you to make
  "snow angels" in the tar for our amusement.  Others will have you
  CRAWL through the tar to get to their feet.  You will roll in it,
  do belly flops into it.  Soon you will learn to actually love the
  stuff.  You will be chained, roped, stretched, baked, hung, wrapped,
  dragged, and coated with stuff the likes of which NOBODY has EVER
  before seen!

  "Each week you will again convince us you NEED to be punished like
  this.  You will beg us to entertain ourselves at your expense as we
  seek new ways to hurt and humiliate you.  You will be shown new
  limits of pain.  It's going to be a FUN year!!!

  "Well, you are finished for THIS week, 226.

  "NOW GET THE FUCK OUT OF OUR SIGHT!"

  THE END.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

  AUTHOR'S NOTE:
  Well, that's a start.  I would really appreciate any comments -
  good or bad - on this story, plus any ideas on any of the 49
  future sessions this prisoner must endure.

  Post any comments with the filename hpun001, hpun002, etc.,
  depending on the next available number.  If I can get some
  feedback, I will write more.  That's how this works.

  Boris Scilley

--
