Copyright © 1997,  Dreamer4You.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.












Diary Of A High School Cum Queen
By:Dreamer4You

Dear Doctor Lewis,
     I am sending you my diary like you asked me in our session the other
day.  It goes back about three months.  That's when I got it for my fifteenth
birthday from my Mom, who lives in Arizona.  I thought it would be neat for
me to write some of the things that happened to me each day in it. Somedays,
I forgot to write though.  My Daddy says that it is a waste of time for me to
keep a diary.  He says I can always talk to him if I ever have a problem.  
My Dad is a really good father.  I love him and I don't understand how an
innocent comment could get my Dad into such trouble.  Maybe, once things cool 
down, I can see him again.  Anyway, here is my diary:

DIARY ENTRIES

Tuesday, Sept. 10
     Dear Diary,  Hi!  My name is Amy Cooper and I just got you as a gift for
my birthday from my Mother.  She lives in Arizona now.  I was very happy when
she called to wish me a happy birthday.  I don't get to talk to her much
anymore.  She says she is trying to build a new life for herself.
     Let me tell you about myself.  I am about 5'2" tall and about 95 pounds.
I have shoulder length blond hair and blue eyes.  My Daddy thinks I am cute,
but I think he is just saying that because he's my Dad.  I am a good student
in school and I like sports and cheerleading.  I also like to do lots of
stuff with my friends.
     Anyway, I am fifteen years old now!  Only one more year until I am 
sixteen and I get a car!  I wish :).  This year I got some skirts and outfits
I asked for and some really radical posters for my room.  Oh yeah, I got some
CDs too.  My best friend, Lisa, also took me to the mall for a birthday bash.
It was a pretty awesome birthday.

Sunday, Sept. 15
     Tomorrow is a big day for me.  First day of school at Washington High.
I am kind of excited about being a freshman in High School.  All my old 
friends will still be in my class but I will be in the same building with
Jeff Marks, the fab looking senior.  When I think about him, I want to cream
my jeans!  Diary, I know what your thinking; why would the captain of the
Varsity Boy's Basketball team be interested in Amy Cooper, one of two hundred
freshman girls new to the school?  Your right, of course.  But I can still
dream, can't I?

Monday, Sept. 16
     I had a great day today!  I love all my new classes and I'm making new
friends!  My Dad says that I have a lot of personality.  He says that's why
people like me.  I really love my Dad.  Tonight, when he came home from work,
he gave me a big hug and kiss and told me how proud he was of me, now that I 
was growing up into a young woman.  He also made us a really nice dinner, 
his specialty, veal parmigana.  I even helped with the dishes without him
having to ask me.  I don't know what's come over me!

Saturday, Sept. 28
     I am going to a party at my friend Stephanie's house tonight.  I hear
Jeff Marks, my future husband :), might actually be there.  That's too much!
I would give my right arm just to have him notice me.  I heard that Steph's
parents are out of town and there's going to be alcohol at the party.  I 
just hope my Dad doesn't find out about it.

Sunday, Sept. 29
     Your not going to believe what happened!  Jeff actually asked me to 
dance!  I was so shocked that I couldn't even answer him!  Thankfully, Lisa
said yes for me and pushed me up.  Jeff was so gorgeous.  When I put my
head up against his chest I thought I was going to faint.  Our dance seemed
to last forever.  I could fell his strong hands on my hips.  It really 
turned me on.  I kept hoping that he would just lean over and kiss me.  But,
of course, he didn't.  When I got home, I was so excited that I had to
masturbate!  I hope Jeff remembers me tomorrow at school.  I'd do just about
anything to make him my boyfriend.
     By the way, the rest of the party was pretty fun.  Stephanie got really
drunk and got pushed into her swimming pool!  I only had a couple of beers
but I'm glad Dad didn't find out.  He'd be pretty pissed at me.

Thursday, Oct. 9
     I'm really excited about cheerleader tryouts tomorrow.  I was a pretty
good cheerleader in Junior High.  But now, I have to compete against all of
the older girls at this school.  I really hope I make it.  If I do, I will
be able to travel to the away games with the Varsity Basketball team and ride
on the same bus as Jeff.  Maybe making the cheerleading squad will get him
to notice me.

Monday, Oct. 13
     I made it!  I make it!  I couldn't believe it when they told me I made
the squad.  My friend Lisa made it too.  I will get my uniform and pompoms
tomorrow at our first practice.  Our first game is just two weeks away.  My
Dad was so proud of me when I told him.  He said he would like nothing better
than to go see me do cheers in a cute, little cheerleading outfit.

Tuesday, Oct. 28
     Our first game was last night at the gym.  I thought I did really well.
Of course, two weeks of practicing the routines helped a lot.  I can't get
over what a good player Jeff is.  And he is so handsome.  He's like 6'4''
and really muscular.  And he's got the most gorgeous sandy hair and the
cutest green eyes.  We have an away game on Friday.  Hopefully, I will have
a chance to talk to Jeff on the bus.

Saturday, Nov. 3
     The impossible happened!  Jeff said he wanted me to be his girlfriend!
Whoa!  Let me explain everything.  
     After the game, which we won, Jeff got on the bus and sat in the back
row, like he always does.  After about five minutes he called my name and
asked if I would come sit with him for a minute.  I nodded, of course I 
would!  He let me slide by him so that I was sitting in the corner, between 
him and the side of the bus in the back row.  
     We talked for about ten minutes.  He asked me a lot of questions:  How
old I was,  If I liked being in high school, If I liked being on the 
cheerleader squad.  I told him that I did.  Then he told me he thought I was
cute and asked if he could kiss me.  I told him that he could.
     Jeff leaned over and kissed me.  He was a great kisser.  Then, he stuck
his tongue into my mouth.  We french kissed for a while and he started 
kissing my neck and feeling my breasts through my sweater.  I was a little 
hesitant, but who was I to argue.  Anyway, his hands felt really good rubbing
my breasts and nipples.  I felt myself starting to get wet between the legs. 
I hoped that he couldn't smell my arousal.  Then, he put his hand under my 
skirt and started rubbing my clit.  It felt so good!  He would alternate 
rubbing my clit and finger fucking my cunt with two of his fingers.  I prayed
no one on the bus could hear my moans.  Then, I came with a shudder, soaking 
his fingers with my girl cum.  This was a lot better than doing it by myself!
     After I recovered, Jeff held his fingers in front of my face and told 
me that his fingers needed cleaning.  I looked at his hand dumbly.  He told 
me to suck them clean.  I had never done anything like that before.  I didn't
want to make him think that I was inexperienced so I took his fingers into my
mouth and sucked my tangy, salty juices off.  I wished I had a glass of water
to get the taste out of my mouth but Jeff had other ideas.
     Jeff pulled his shorts down and pushed me to my knees in front of him.
His penis was enormous.  I had never seen one that big before.  Jeff told me
to take his cock into my mouth and give him a blow job.  I had never given
oral sex to a boy before so I decided to make up for my inexperience with
a lot of enthusiasm.  There was no way I could get that monster all the way
into my mouth so I put the head in my mouth and jerked the shaft with my
hand.  I moved my hand up and down while I sucked the tip.  Jeff moaned as
I sucked him and he kept calling me his 'cocksucker'.
     Jeff told me he was cuming and that he wanted me to swallow all his
cum.  He said that he was looking for a girlfriend who could do all the 
things he asked.  To have him for a boyfriend, I would have jumped off a 
bridge.  So, I let him grab the sides of my head and pump his semen into my 
mouth.
     There was no way I could possibly swallow all the cum he shot into
my mouth.  Some of his sperm splattered on my face and dripped down my chin
onto my sweater.  Most of it went down my sucking throat.  I had expected
it to taste really nasty, but I think I kinda liked the taste.  It gave me
a feeling of power to be able to get my idol to cum with my mouth.
     Even after I swallowed, the taste of jism was really strong in my mouth.
Jeff ordered me not to wipe the excess cum off my face or to clean it off
my sweater.  He said he wanted everyone to see that I was now his girlfriend.
I nodded my head and agreed.
     When the bus stopped, I got up and walked down the aisle.  I could feel
everybody's eyes on me and I could hear them snickering.  I turned a deep
red and got off the bus.  I hurried away and walked toward my Dad's car.  I
forgot that my face was covered with dry semen, and that my sweater was 
covered by wet globs of sperm, until it was too late.  When I got into the
car and saw my Dad staring at me with his face beet red, I knew that I had
a major punishment coming.  But, he was quiet the whole trip home, and I
decided not to press the issue.
     As we arrived home, the only thing he told me was that he would teach
me a lesson tomorrow and that he needed time to think before he acted.  I
murmured good night and went up to my room.  No matter what my punishment was
tomorrow, I was Jeff Marks' girlfriend tonight!

Sunday, Nov. 4
     I didn't get punished!  Diary, here's what happened:  I slept late this
morning and woke up about noon.  I took a shower and then dressed.  I went
downstairs, fearing the worst.  Instead, Dad seemed to be in a good mood and
had made me lunch.  He told me to enjoy my sandwich and that we would talk
when I finished eating.
     When I finished, Dad and I went into the living room and sat down on the
couch to talk.  My Dad said that there was no point in yelling at me, that
I was a big girl now.  I felt really relieved.  He told me that he wasn't
going to punish me, but that he still needed to teach me a lesson.  
     I looked at him, puzzled, and asked him what lesson he was going to 
teach me.  Dad said that he had thought about it a long time and he decided 
that if I was going to be a cocksucker, then he would show me how to suck a 
man's cock, and learn how to swallow every last drop of cum.  And besides, he
hadn't had another woman since Mom left.  He said that meant his balls were 
full of sperm waiting to be dumped into a little whore's mouth like mine.
     I love my Dad, and listened when he told me to go upstairs and put my 
soiled cheerleading uniform back on.  I wasn't sure how I felt about fooling 
around with my father, but anything was better than getting grounded for a 
year.
     When I came back downstairs, Dad had sat down in his chair and had 
lowered his pants.  He called me his 'little whore' and told me to take off
my panties and kneel in front of him.  As I removed my panties, I realized
how much bigger my Dad's cock was then Jeff's.  I kneeled in front of him
and told him how much I loved him.  He said that he loved me too, and that
from now on, I would be his little slut daughter.
     He told me to do what I did last night and that we would keep practicing
until I got it right.  I took my Dad's huge cock into my mouth and sucked the
tip.  I try to use my tongue on the underside of the head to increase his
pleasure.  I really got aroused when he called me dirty names, 'My little 
fucktoy', 'Hot little bitch', and 'Filthy cocksucker'.
     Dad said to play with myself, so I reached down and rubbed my clit
while I was sucking him.  Dad's prick was really a treat to suck and I took
as much of his penis down my throat as I could.  I could fell him tangle
his hands in my blond hair as I sucked him, and I sensed he was about to
shoot his wad.  I told him I wouldn't spill a drop and I would eat it all.
     My Dad tensed up and grabbed the sides of my head.  I kept sucking him
as wave after wave of jism shot into my mouth and down my throat.  It was 
delicious.  My Dad's cum tasted even better than Jeff's the night before.
Just thinking about how nasty a slut I was for swallowing my Dad's cum 
brought me to the brink of an orgasm.
     Unfortunately, there was so much come I couldn't swallow it all.  
Several spurts of semen landed on my cheeks and chin.  I used my finger to
scrape the cum from my face into my mouth.  As I sucked the last juice from
my father's prick, I rubbed my clit and came hard, moaning loudly.
     I looked up to see my Dad smiling down at me.  He said that we will
just have to keep practicing until I get it right.  I'm not sure I ever do!

Saturday, Nov. 10
     Another away game last night.  Like last week, on the bus ride home,
Jeff made me kneel in front of him and suck his cock.  I am beginning to
realize that I am not Jeff's girlfriend, but his whore.  That didn't stop
me from sucking his prick and taking his spurting cum down my throat.  Of
course, several spurts ended up on my face and clothes.  I didn't want to
miss out on more 'practice' sessions with Dad!
     Dad couldn't wait till we got home this time.  When I got into the car
and he saw the cum on my face, he groaned and pushed my head into his lap.
I blew him as he drove home, eventually swallowing his huge load of sperm.
When he looked down and saw my lips covered with his cum, he asked me if
I liked the taste of my father's semen.  I told him that I loved it and
that I wanted another load pumped into my stomach tomorrow.

Sunday, Nov. 11
     I got the load from my Dad that I asked for!

Wednesday, Nov. 22
     I now have a reputation around the school.  Apparently, the kids are
referring to me as 'Amy Cooper, Washington High's Cum Queen'.  I've been
getting lots of looks in class and in the halls from the other students, 
particularly the boys.  Even my math teacher, Mr. Conlon, was looking me
up and down.  I guess I really don't care what anyone thinks.

Friday, Dec. 1
     After the game tonight, I sucked Jeff's cock as usual, swallowing his
load into my stomach.  Jeff patted me on the head and told me to stay on
my knees, that I wasn't finished yet.  I knew what he meant even before the
next guy sat down in front of me.  Tony was the team's point guard.  I
swallowed his creamy load down next.  Then another player sat down.  By the
time the bus pulled up to our school, I had swallowed seven of the guys'
sperm loads.  I had swallowed so much cum, I kept burping it up back into
my mouth.  I would probably be tasting it the rest of the night.  My face 
and uniform were covered with the filth.  After watching me suck the team 
off, even Lisa, my best friend, wouldn't talk to me anymore.  I was so
exausted, I went straight to bed once I got home.

Sunday, Dec. 3
     My Dad was so excited when I told him what happened on Friday, he
made me suck him off three times today.  I was a little unhappy I had such
a bad reputation at school, and that my best friend wouldn't talk to me,
but swallowing three of my Daddy's cum shots was enough to make me feel
much better.  

Monday, Dec. 4
     I talked to the guidance counselor, Mrs. Valantin, at school today.
She was concerned that my grades had dropped, and that she had heard a lot
of rumors about me.  I told her that the rumors were all true.  She kind
of turned white and asked me if everything was all right at home.  I told
her that everything was great, especially when my father had time to pump
a load down my throat.  Looking back, it was probably a mistake to tell
her that.  She dismissed me and immediately picked up the phone.

Wednesday, Dec. 6
     Dear Diary, This will be my last entry for awhile.  The people from
the courts are coming to take me away tomorrow.  I think I have to live with
another family for a while.  I don't know what's going to happen to my
Dad, I hope that he will be OK without me.  Anyway, goodbye.

END OF DIARY ENTRIES

     Dr. Lewis, I guess I will you see next week.  I want you to know that
I am only going to these sessions so I can see my Daddy again.  Also, if
you talk to any of my friends at school, tell them that the 'Washington High
Cum Queen' says "Hi".
                                 

                                 Sincerly,
                                 
                                 Amy Cooper
 

























--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
     
     



 


