Her name was Vicki. A beautiful blonde that I'd met at one of my favorite 
local bars. She asked me if I'd like to come to her apartment for dinner, and
of course I didn't hesitate in saying yes. As soon as we were in her 
apartment, she walked right up to me placed her hand on my crotch.

"Why don't you get undressed....I'll be right back"

I must have broken a record for getting undressed.

Anyway, she returned wearing a full length tight black body suit which 
displayed all of her curves. She looked out of this world. Also, with her
were two pieces of rope. With a surprised look I said

"Listen, I'm not really into that kinda play"

She walked up to me pushing her breasts(which looked like they were going to 
explode through the material) right against my chest. "These ropes are only 
to add a little excitement". 

I was so taken in by her incredible body that I couldn't refuse

She tied my wrists together with the first piece of rope and my ankles 
together with the second piece. Leaving about a foot of slack between 
both my wrists and ankles.

"Now, get on your hands and Knees!!"

I did so. She went over to the closet and pulled out a riding crop.

"You will obey my every command slave or I'll give you a punishment that 
you'll never forget" and with that last word she whacked my butt twice.

She then straddled my back. I could feel her warm firm buttocks through 
the tight/thin outfit she wore.

"Into the kitchen slave!!" whack..whack..another two slaps against my back
side.

Once we got to the kitchen she made me stop just before the kitchen table.
She got off and went to the refrigerator and pulled out some food. She came
back and sitting side saddle on me, began to eat her dinner. Her weight had 
been on me for quite some time and I was getting tired.

"Hey I'm getting kind of tired"

Whack Whack Whack (she hit my rear again)

"Shut up and stay put....if you say anything else without my permission you
will regret it!!!"

When she was done she went to the cupboard took out a bowl and filled it with
water. She placed it in front of me and told me to drink. I slurped it up as
best as I could....it took forever.

She straddled me once more and told me to go into the living room. Once there 
she made me stop in front of a reclining chair. The chair was in its full
reclining position. She got up off of me and walked out of the room. When
she came back all she had on was a pair of white cotton underwear and a
pair of black stockings. In her hand she held a foot long piece of flexible 
plastic which looked like a large straw.

"Put this in your mouth. And make sure it doesn't fall out, otherwise your
gonna have trouble breathing."

I had no idea what she could possibly have in mind??????

She made me lie on my back on the recliner but not the way that you would 
normally lie. She had my head resting on the actual seat while my legs dangled
over the foot rest. She laid down on the recliner sitting right on my face. 
She proceeded to make a couple of phone calls inviting a few of her Female 
friends over. 

About 15 minutes later I heard a few voices. Some people had just made their
way into the living room.

"Hello Cindy, Kathy, Barbara, come on in and have a seat. I want to
introduce you to my new pet".

They all laughed. They sat down and began to gossip. Vicki said

"I gotta goto the bathroom, after that you Gals can play with my pet"

Finally, I said to myself, she'll let me out of this most humiliating position.
But to my surprise, all she did was sit up a little bit so that her buttocks
was just a couple of inches above my face. I then felt Vicki begin to strain.
A couple of seconds later a small bulge appeared. And then she sat right back
down on my face. She wiggled her butt a little and then got up.

"I'll be right back gals, I'm going to change my cloths".

She looked at me and said "If you mutter one word, believe me you'll be
sorry!". Cindy said "Don't worry about that because I brought him something 
special". She walked over to me carrying a paper bag. She opened up the bag 
and pulled out a pair of silk panties. 

"Here's a present for ya, something I wore yesterday" She pulled out
the plastic tube and stuffed her panties in my mouth.  Again the women all
laughed.

Vicki left the room. The other three gathered around me and began to tie
my arms to my side. They told me to get out of the chair and with a little 
help from them I was able to accomplish it. They then pretty much 
dragged me in front of the couch face up. They sat down on the couch and 
with their stocking covered feet used me as a foot stool. Kathy placed her 
feet on my face, Barbara on my chest and Cindy right on my crotch.

Cindy began to play with my penis. Using her foot and toes she lightly wiggled
and rubbed against it. Needless to say I was getting very close to orgasm. 
Cindy knew this and stopped. Kathy took her feet off my face and looked down 
at me. 

"It's time for you to do some worshipping...." she pulled the panties from my 
mouth and placed her foot there. I was made to kiss the entire sole of her foot
including each of her toes. The same routine was then performed on her other
foot. 

Cindy said "okay Kathy your time is up, help me put him on the couch"

They got me on the couch again face up. Cindy got completely undressed, looked
right at me and said "it's time to test your tongue again...this better
be good or your in for a long night" On that note she got up on the couch and
mounted my face, with my shoulders being pinned beneath her legs. She began 
slowly riding my face as my tongue worked as fast as it could to please her. 
I sucked her sex until she reached full orgasm. She got off leaving my face 
covered with her juices.

Barbara wasted no time....as soon as Cindy was up she was on top of me. She
was sitting on my chest looking right into my eyes. "Open your mouth young
man I believe you're thirsty. I refused to do it..She slapped me across
the cheek. "I said open up!!!!" I did so. She straddled my face and let a 
stream of urine flow into my mouth. I choked a little but managed to swallow
it.

She got off of me and sat back on my chest...just then Vicki came into
the room. She was now wearing a black leather mini skirt, high heeled boots 
and a push up bra.

All I could do is lie there and wonder what was in store for me next.....
