Archive-name: 3plus/hunting.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Hunting


I was never interested in any of the things that Dad and Uncle Fred
wanted to do.  They always went fishing, hunting, hiking, and other
things that macho men did.  I liked to stay home and read, especially
books by famous authors and poets.  Dad never seemed to be too pleased
that I did not follow in his footsteps, I was sorry to disappoint him,
but I don't believe in killing animals.

In November of last year he and Uncle Fred told me that I had to go on
their annual deer hunting trip to Pittsburgh.  I hate it up there, it
is always cold and the cabin is old and musty.  For my 15th birthday
he bought me a WInchester 30-06 rifle.  I acted like I was happy with
it, but guns scare me.  Anyway, I packed up my clothes and some books
and headed up to see when we would be leaving.  Dad said right after
school on Friday.

IT was a 7 hour drive to Pittsburgh, and I have to admit, Back Lake
looked really pretty in the fall.  When we got to the cabin, Me and
Uncle Fred started the fire and I cleaned up the place as best I
could.  Dad and Uncle Fred were drinking whiskey within a short time
of our arrival.  I knew they would be drunk before dinner was made.  I
cooked some hot dogs and beans and we ate them and then went to bed.

5 o'clock in the morning came real quick.  I felt like I had gotten no
sleep at all.  Uncle Fred kept kidding dad about 2 legged Indian deer.
I had no idea what he was talking about.  They kept laughing and
saying, "Shawny, we're gonna help you get a two legger!"  I smiled and
acted like I was enjoying myself in the cold fall air.

We walked for about 2 hours.  Dad told me to wait by this stone wall
and watch for deer.  He said that after about an hour I should follow
his trail, he and Fred would leave a mark on trees for me to follow.
I used to be in Boy Scouts, but I never was interested in trails and
the like.  I sat on the stone wall and waited.  I saw all kinds of
small animals and birds, luckily there were no deer, I had no
intention of killing one if I saw it.

After an hour I left to follow the trail.  I walked for about 3 hours
and I knew I was on the trail, but there was no sign of Dad or Uncle
Fred.  I sat for about a half hour to rest and read some of my new
book, then I headed off again.  IT was now about 1:00 in the
afternoon, I had done a lot of walking and I was starting to get
concerned for Dad and Uncle Fred.  All of a sudden I realized that I
had made a big circle and I was right near the cabin.  I was a bit
confused because I was certain that there would be no deer near the cabin.


As I approached the cabin I could hear voices inside.  I walked in and
there was Dad and Uncle Fred sitting having a drink.  "Shawn, it's
about time you got back"  As my father said this he laughed.  I
noticed that standing in front of the stove was a really pretty girl.
Actually, she was a woman, an Indian.  She had long black hair and the
nicest slender build I think I have ever seen.  She looked at me and
smiled.  Dad said "Shawn, meet Wanita, ain't she pretty?"  I just
nodded my approval.  Uncle Fred went on to explain that Wanita always
joins them here at the cabin and makes them a nice dinner.

We sat around and Dad and Uncle Fred told me stories of their years of
coming to the cabin, how Granpa had brought them here as kids and how
much hunting they used to do.  Wanita never spoke, she just smiled and
cooked our dinner.  When dinner was ready we all sat down and ate.
She did not say even one word, but she kept looking at me and smiling.
I was a bit nervous, I can't even talk to a pretty girl in school
without getting tongue tied.

After dinner Wanita cleaned up the plates.  Dad and Uncle Fred were
pretty drunk.  All of a sudden, Uncle Fred walked over to her and
started to kiss her.  She did not even try to stop him, she did
something amazing.  She put her hand right on his crotch!  Pretty soon
Dad was over there too, he looked at me and said "This is the two
legger we was tellin you about boy!"  and then he laughed and grabbed
her right by the bottom!


Within a second or two they were all standing there taking off their
clothes, I was shocked and a little bit scared.  Uncle Fred had an
erection, I had never seen a dick so big.  Wanita looked beautiful,
she had nice full breasts and her pussy was covered with thick black
hair.  She looked at me and blew me a kiss, then she knelt down and
started giving Uncle Fred a blowjob.  I stood there, frozen, watching
her slowly suck and lick the entire length of his dick.  He was
smiling and rolling his eyes the whole time.  Dad was naked now and he
got down on the floor.  Wanita positioned herself so that he could
feel between her legs.  She never stopped sucking, even for a second.
Dad then started kissing her pussy.  I had heard the guys talk about
eating pussy, so I knew what it was, but I didn't think guys actually
did that.  Dad was jerking off as he lapped her pussy, I mean it was
a loud slurping sound coming from over there.  All of a sudden they
stopped and Wanita got on her hands and knees.  Uncle Fred entered her
from behind, I thought he was in her ass at first but I guess he
wasn't.  Dad then stuck his dick in her mouth and began moving back
and forth in the same motion that Uncle Fred was in.


I was really getting excited, my dick was hard inside my pants.
Wanita was looking over at me as she was sucking my Dad and getting
fucked by Uncle Fred.  Dad looked at me and said "Well...Come on boy,
we could use your help over here, Wanita's a handful!"  Uncle Fred
echoed "A real fuckin handful, git over here!"  I was not going to
join in this mess, no way, get naked in front of her?  Wanita took her
mouth off of my Dad's dick and said her first words, "Shawn, come to
me" and motioned me over.  I was weak in the knees, but I walked over.
She was still being fucked by Uncle Fred, she reached up and rubbed my
crotch.  I could not move.  She unbuttoned my wool hunting pants and
pulled down the zipper, reached inside and removed my dick from my
underpants.  It felt so good to have her warm soft hand on my hardon, I
could not believe it.  She then pulled away from Uncle Fred, he just
stood there pumping his dick, my dad was standing there watching.
Wanita looked at me and whispered "Ah, you have such a nice young cock,
I'm going to make you feel so good...." and then she started to lick
me, I was in heaven.  Her tongue was licking the head and the shaft
all the way down to my nuts, she took each one of my nuts into her
mouth, it kinda hurt, but it felt good too.  She kept going back and
forth and up and down, then she would take my whole dick in her mouth.

Dad got behind her and stuck his dick in her pussy.  She reached up
and started to give Uncle Fred a handjob.  After a couple minutes I
felt like I was going to shoot my sperm in her mouth, and then Uncle
Fred moved next to me and she took his dick in her mouth too.  I could
not believe it, she had both of our dicks in her mouth and she ran her
tongue over mine, then over his.  Dad was fucking her from behind and
she was rubbing herself with one hand and steadying herself with the
other.  I lost control and started to shoot, it went in her mouth and
some dripped down the side of her face.  Uncle Fred began to shoot
too, I could feel his stuff shooting in her mouth and all over my dick
at the same time.

Dad pulled out and began to jerk off all over her bottom.  She and Dad
and Uncle Fred laughed.  I was still confused.  Wanita then stood up
and put her arms around me and gave me a kiss.  She then lead me to
the cot by the woodstove.  We sat down and she guided my hand to her
pussy.  I could not believe how warm and wet it was.  It felt so soft
and sexy as I slowly rubbed her.  She sat back and spread her legs and
my dad said "Go on boy, lap that cunt...that's what it's there for"
Wanita smiled and said "You don't have to if you don't want to, it's
OK Shawn"  Hell, I could not say no, she looked so beautiful, and I
was turned on.  I bent down and I smelled her pussy, it was so sweet
smelling, I could not believe it.  I took my tongue and slowly licked
her all over, up and down and then I stuck my tongue into her hole,
she was really wet, I had to stop and swallow the juice so I could
continue.  She was really enjoying this, she was moaning and playing
with her titties.  I kept licking her entire pussy, it tasted really
great.  She repositioned herself so that her asshole was visible, I
got this really wild idea, I took my tongue and started to lick around
it, she went wild and started moaning even louder "Ah, Shawn, lick it,
ooh, I can't believe it, ohh, that feels soooo good"

I continued to lick her asshole and kept running my tongue up her
pussy and then back to her ass.  Uncle Fred walked over and shoved his
dick in her mouth and she started blowing him again.  Dad had to get
into the act and she was jerking him off while he rubbed her clitoris,
I just kept lapping and licking her.  Then it happened, she was ready
to come.  Her juice was all over my face, even my nose was wet with
her pussy juice.  She was bucking all over the cot, Uncle Fred backed
away, I guess he was afraid she'd do some damage!  She finished coming
and then she got on her knees and said "Fuck me Shawn, fuck me now!"
I had no choice but to oblige.  I entered her soft, very wet pussy,
dad smiled and said "Don't that hot little snapper feel good boy?"  I
just nodded in agreement.

She started to blow my dad and then Uncle Fred told me to pull out for
a minute.  I took my dick out, he got underneath her and she slid
herself onto his dick.  He told me to go fetch some cooking oil.  As I
was getting the oil I could see her moving up and down on his dick
while she bend over sucking my dad off, Uncle Fred was licking and
sucking her titties as she would move up and down, dad was half
standing half sitting on the cot.

When I came back over to them with the oil Uncle Fred told me to pour
it over her ass and onto my dick "Oil your cock and make sure she's
oiled up too, then stick your cock in her ass"  This all sounded good
to me, so I covered my dick with oil and then poured some on her ass,
this was not easy with her moving up and down.  Finally she stopped
long enough for me to finish oiling her and then she helped me stick
my cock in her.  It felt different than her pussy, much tighter, but
just as warm.  After a minute of moving slowly I was in and we began
to move back and forth, it was rough at first, but soon we were all
synchronized in our motions.  I kept fucking her ass, while Uncle Fred
fucked her pussy and she was blowing dad for all she was worth.
Finally dad shot his load, it went all over her face and some landed
on her back and shoulders.  Within a couple of minutes I was coming
inside her ass and Uncle Fred was hollering about how he was ready to come.

We all collapsed on the cot, it seemed like forever before we finally
we able to catch our breath.  Wanita got up, gave each of us a nice
long sexy kiss, dressed herself and headed for the door.  She turned
and smiled at me, and blew another kiss my way.  We never talked about
it, Dad and Uncle Fred and I just went hunting the next day without
even mentioning it.



I made it a regular habit of using the cabin on weekends when I was
old enough to drive.  Sometime I'll tell you about the weekend my
sister Susan and I spent up there and our visit from Wanita.....


Hunting (Part II) Susan
  
  
A lot has happened since that fateful hunting trip.  I turned 16 and
got a pickup truck as a gift, Uncle Fred and Dad bought it for me.  I
don't get invited to go to Pittsburg anymore.  I got a girlfriend, her
name is Kate, she and I date now and then.  I have tried several times
to get her to blow me, but she won't even give me a handjob.  I
thought a lot about Wanita and I decided that I would venture up to
Pittsburg on my own and do a little fishing.  Mom insisted that I
could not go alone, so I had to take Susan with me.  Susan is my
younger Sister, she is a really nice kid, but she and I have very
little in common.  She is an athlete, I like to read, She has a lot of
friends, I am a loner.  Anyhow, she is 15 and she wants to go to the
cabin because she has not been there since she was 6 years old.

We drove the long trip and listened to my Pink Floyd tape.  Susan is
into Vanilla Ice, I like old time rock, THE WALL is real music.  We
got to the cabin at about 9:00 pm and unloaded the truck.  I got the
fire started and Susan dedided she wanted to make popcorn in the old
basket popper over the fire in the woodstove.  After the popcorn, we
headed off to bed.

I got up at about 7:00 and got my fishing gear together.  Susan woke
up and insisted on joining me.  We headed out to the lake and fished
from the shore.  Susan is much better at fishing than I am and she
caught two good size trout.  As we headed back I saw a familiar face
standing by the big rock.  It was noneother than Wanita.  She
recognized me right away and said "Hello Shawn, I thought there was
someone at the cabin last night, is your father here too?"  She was so
pretty, just like the vision I have of her every night as I jerk off
thinking about that special afternoon at the cabin.  I answered her
after a slight delay "NNo, it's just us, me and Susan"

"Oh, is Susan your girl?"  I looked at Susan and then answered her
"Oh, no, she's my little sister, Susan, this is Wanita, she lives near
here, she's an Indian"  Susan looked at me strange and then held her
hand out to greet Wanita, "Hi, nice to meet you.  I can tell she's an
Indian Shawn, it's obvious!"  Wanita smiled and told us that she was
out for her morning walk and that maybe later she would stop by the
cabin and see us.  Susan said "That would be nice, I have a lot of
questions about Indians maybe you could answer for me?"  Wanita smiled
and nodded "Of course, I can tell you much about the Indian way of life"

We said our goodbyes and went back to the cabin.  Susan asked me all
kinds of questions abouthow I knew this woman and why she asked about
Dad.  I made up a good story, I think she bought it.

The next morning Susan and I went swimming, the water was cold, but we 
enjoyed ourselves.  Susan was wearing a tee shirt and cut off jeans, this 
was the first time I noticed that she was becoming a woman.  Her breasts 
were actually quite large and the cold water made her nipples hard.  We 
splashed around and had a great time, I don't remember when she and I had 
enjoyed each other's company more.  The sun had been shining but now was 
hidden behind some clouds and it seemed like the temperature was cooler.  
We decided to go back to the cabin.  We laughed and joked all the way 
back.

When we got back Wanita was in the cabin.  She was wearing a buckskin 
skirt and top.  She explained to Susan that this was traditional Indian 
dress and that she had brought a lot of pictures and artifacts to share 
with her.  She then instructed me to go and get some fire wood as it was 
expected to rain today and that it would be cold and damp in the cabin.  
I went to the one corner of the cabin that offers some degree of privacy 
and put on some dry clothes.  Susan did the same as I was putting on my 
boots.  Wanita told me that she and Susan would be preparing a 
ttraditional Indian meal for tonight's dinner and that I was to pick some 
fresh berries on the other side of the lake so that they could make 
dessert.  She gave me a pail to put them in and directions on where to 
find them.  I left to search for wood, and berries.

I was gone about 2 hours getting her goddamn berries.  I came back with 
them and the firewood.  It was now very cold and had been raining a 
drizzle for about an hour, I could see smoke coming from the chimney as I 
approached.  I entered the cabin and Wanita and Susan were looking at 
pictures and books...The stove was going and they were covered with a 
blanket.  Wanita smiled as I came in the room, "Hi Shawn, glad you could 
rejoin us.."  I gave her an irate look, and Susan said "We have had the 
best time..Wanita is really great!"  I told her that I agreed and smiled 
at Wanita, I was trying to figure how I could get rid of Susan so I could 
fuck Wanita again.  Wanita got up and took the berries from me.  She went 
to the stove and checked the fire, she also checked the pots that were 
cooking, something smelled good.

"Come, join Susan and I, we are looking at pictures from my tribe"  I 
joined them at the cot and Wanita coverd the three of us with the blanket 
as she explained customs of her people.  I made a comment that I did not 
realize how much different they were than the white man.  Wanita smiled 
and said "We have a lot of different customs..We look at sexuality 
different than you do."  Susan asked what she meant by that.  She got up 
and moved to the other cot and said  "Watch me, and learn.."  She pulled 
her skirt up and her pussy was exposed to us, Susan was shocked and 
looked at me in disbelief, I told her to relax.  Wanita began to rub 
herself and moan softly saying "Oh, see Susan, see how much more I enjoy 
my body than most women...ohhhhhhh, ya, seeee how I rub myself and feel 
as one with my body and soul...ahhhhhh"   Wanita was getting lost in 
herself and I had a hell of a hardon!

I looked at Susan and she was mesmerized with Wanita's show for us.  
Wanita slowed down and said "Susan, why don't you join me, take off your 
pants and rub yourself..You'll feel much better?"  Susan said "Nnnno 
that's ok, I, I really don't think so..ok?"  Wanita stopped and looked 
directly at her "What is it dear, are you afraid to show your lovely 
little pussy to Shawn?  C'mon, he's seen one before...join me...You too 
Shawn, love yourself, it's great!"  I looked at Susan and thought, what 
the hell  "Do you mind Susan?"  I asked her.  "I don't care, if that's 
what you want to do, go for it."  I undid my pants and took my hard cock 
out and let it adjust to the cool air for a minute, I then began to jerk 
off slowly as did Wanita.  Wanita then moved toward us and knelt in front 
of Susan, "You have othing to be afraid of Susan, you are with a 
friend.."  With that she unbuckled Susan's belt and helped her slip from 
her jeans.  

I was still jerking off, I looked at Susan's pussy, it was beautiful, and 
she was WET.  Wanita was gently fingering her, and then she placed 
Susans's hand down there and said "Now, rub yourself, slowly, gently, 
just like I did.."  Susan followed her instruction and soon was laying 
back moaning with pleasure.  Wanita took my cock from me and began to 
blow me...Susan looked down and saw this and she began to moan even more, 
this was really turning her on.  I wondered what Susan tasted like, I 
then realized that I was thinking lustful thoughts about my little 
sister.  Apparently Wanita read my mind because she removed her mouth 
from my cock and began to eat Susan, all the while she was gently jerking 
me off and rubbing herself at the same time.

Susan was out of control, she was moaning and shrieking with pleasure as 
Wanita moved over her pretty young pussy with her mouth.  Wanita looked 
at me and said "Susan needs your cock in her mouth now Shawn, give it to 
her"  I hesitated beacuse I did not know if Susan was up for that, but 
Wanita seemed pretty determined that I would do this.  I got up and 
brought my cock to her lips, she was laid back moaning, her eyes were 
closed, and as I brought my cock to her lips she took it in without delay 
and sucked on it wildly, she was great..It seemed like she had done this 
before but I was almost certain that she was a virgin.  Wanita was 
inserting her fingers into Susan, she was taking my entire cock into her 
mouth.  She would stop and nibble on the head, then take me back in her 
mouth again.  All of a sudden she was erupting in orgasm...She was 
bucking and writhing all over the place, I moved my cock from her busy 
mouth as she came.

Within seconds Wanita was sitting on Susan's face and sucking my cock at 
the same time.  Wanita took my cock from her mouth and said "Shawn, your 
baby sister sucks cunt almost as well as you!"  I had a great view of 
Susan eating Wanita, I took my right hand and began to masturbate Susan's 
wet pussy.  Wanita started to cum..As she did she dismounted Susan and 
left Susan's pussy vulnerable to my tongue..I leaned down and began to 
eat her wildly, I let my tongue cover every inch of her slit and hole.  
Wanita was licking my balls and my asshole, Susan was screeming with 
delight at my efforts.  Soon we were repositioned and Susan was sucking 
my cock while I lay on my back eating her pussy and licking her tight 
little asshole.  Wanita was helping Susan with the dubious chore of 
blowing my cock, there was a tongue on my cock, one on my balls, then two 
on my cock at once..Soon I was shooting my hot goo into their mouths, 
Susan surprisingly enough was taking as much as she could into her mouth 
as she began to cum...I slammed my tongue into her as deeply as I could 
and felt the walls of her pussy grip my tongue with each spasm of her 
orgasmic release.

I layed Wanita down and guided my cock into her, I never went limp, I 
just kept as hard as a rock, slamming my meat into her, she screamed and 
moaned, Susan was laying there rubbing her clit and watching me fuck 
Wanita to another orgasm.  We lay together on the cot, exausted and 
satisfied.  Wanita helped Susan up and they put their clothes back on.  I 
just sat there, still amazed at what had just happened.  "Come Susan, a 
squaw still has chores to do, even after she has pleased her brave."  
They cooked me the traditional Indian meal and Wanita left afterward.  
Susan and I slept together that night.  We never fucked, but got together 
for some great oral sex, she was quite good at that.  We go to the cabin 
as often as possible to meet with Wanita.  Susan has promised to talk my 
girlfriend Kate into a trip so that she and Wanita can show her the 
"traditional Indian ways." 

-- 
