                        The Taming of a Husband.

       One Sunday night I was having dinner in a quiet restaurant
    with my fiance.  She was wearing a thin white blouse, and I
    could just see her nipples underneath, as she wasn't wearing a
    bra.

       All evening I had been getting glimpses of her long tan legs
    through the slit in the side of her skirt, and staring at her
    nipples during dinner was almost too much to bear.  She was from
    a very conservative family, and I had never seen her naked, or
    done anything more than kiss her.  I was pleading with her to
    let me make love to her before our marriage, which was still
    three months away.  She was getting quite worked up about it,
    and every time she shook her head no, her breasts jiggled back
    and forth.  This only aroused me even more, and I had an erec-
    tion that was trying to burst through my pants.

       I just couldn't concentrate on arguing, and my cock was
    straining for release, so I excused myself, and got up to go to
    the men's room, with my hands in my pockets.

       When I got there it was empty.  I unzipped my fly and let
    my cock spring out.  I heard the door swing open behind me, and
    I placed my hands in front of me to hide my erect prick, and
    kept looking straight ahead.  There was a flash of light, and I
    turned my head, to see a gorgeous brunette standing beside me
    with a camera.  She gave me a wicked smile and said, "Wouldn't
    your girlfreind love to see that.", and patted the camera.  Then
    she slipped a note into the front of my pants, and left the room
    abruptly, leaving me standing there, shocked.

       I fumbled with my pants and pulled out the note.  My hands
    were shaking, and the note fell into the yellow puddle in the
    bottom of the urinal.  I grabbed it out quickly, and pushed it
    into one of my pockets.  I stuffed my now shriveled penis back
    into my pants, and went out.

       On my way back to the table, I noticed the woman, sitting
    alone at a table a few feet behind where I had been sitting.
    She was sipping a drink, and had left the camera sitting on the
    table in front of her.  I tried not to look at her as I went by,
    and she gave no sign of recognition.

       When I sat back down again, I was nervous and just wanted
    to get out of there.  I called for the check, and sat across
    from Elaine in an awkward silence.  The thought that, that woman
    was just a few feet behind me, watching, made my dick swell
    again.  As soon as the check arrived, I paid it and drove Elaine
    home.

       I desperately wanted to know what was in that note, but
    trying to get home through traffic, as shook up as I was, took
    all of my attention.  When I got home I took out the note.  It
    was wet and sticky, and I didn't think I could unfold it without
    it disintigrating into an unreadable soggy pulp.  I put it on a
    radiator, and waited what seemed like hours for it to dry.

       Finally, I pried it open and read it.  It said that if I
    valued my dignity, I should book a room at a local hotel at 9:30
    Monday night, and wait.

       I didn't get much sleep that night, and I didn't get much
    done at work on Monday, either.  I got to the hotel early, and
    paid $100 for a room.  I waited, and paced back and forth, by
    11:00 nothing had happened.

       At 11:30 the door swung open suddenly, and I jumped.  There
    she stood.  Her legs were apart, and she placed her hands on
    her hips.  She was wearing thigh high leather boots, and a black
    leather miniskirt.  Her full breasts were straining the buttons
    of a sleeveless vest.  Her jet black hair fell about her
    shoulders, and she gave a commanding stare from her dark green
    eyes.

       "Is it True that your girlfriend is leaving you horny and
    not letting you get off?"

    "I don't think it's any of your ..."

    "Yes, or no!"

    "Yes."

    "She's quite pretty, is she a real blond?"

    "Yes."

    "Does she have a blonde pussy?"

    "What .."

    "Answer me!"

    "I don't know,", I paused for a moment, then continued, "I've
    never seen it."

    "Let me tell you where you stand.  Do you want her to see that
    picture of you with your turgid little prick in your hands?"

    "No! She'd ..."

    "Alright.  So long as you please me, and do everything I say,
    she won't see it.  If you do especially well, I might even
    please you.  I see that you have a bulge in your pants again,
    wouldn't you like to get your rocks off?"

    I looked down at the floor and quietly mumbled, "yes".

    "Take off all your clothes!"

       I started to unbutton my shirt.

    "Faster!" She clapped her hands.

       My hands were fumbling as I tried to hurry, and two of the
    buttons popped off my shirt.  My pants caught about my ankles,
    and I fell over.  She just looked down at me with silent dis-
    approval.  When I was completely naked, I stood up again.  As I
    looked at her standing there in front of me, my erection was the
    largest I had ever had.

       "You have never seen your girlfriends cunt. Would you like
    to see mine?"

    "Yes." "Please."

       She took the front edge of her skirt between her thumb and
    index finger, and slowly raised it up.  I gasped as I saw the
    light brown curls of her delectable mound exposed to my view.

       "Now, lick me and fuck me with your tongue!"

       I had never done anything like that to a woman before, but
    I rushed forward eagerly, and knelt before her. I licked and
    sucked as best I could.  At that moment what I most desired,
    was to have my cock replace my tongue in her beautiful twat.  I
    didn't realize that I was humping my erection against her boot,
    until she grabbed my scrotum and squeezed it until I yelled.

       "No!  Your girlfriend is right in not letting you fuck.  You
    are allowed to come as a reward.  You have to show you deserve
    it first."

       I moved my cock away from her body, and redoubled my efforts
    with my tongue.  Eventually my mouth got tired, and I stopped.

       "I didn't say you could stop!"

       She grabbed my hair and pushed my face back into her crotch.
    I started to speak, my voice muffled by her vulva.

       "Please, don't I deserve ..."

    "No talking!  Your body belongs to me.  You are not allowed to
    wear out your tongue with talk, when it should be serving me."

       I kept pleasuring her until my mouth got numb.  When I could
    only rub my lips over her now dripping pussy, I fell back onto
    the floor, my stiff cock quivering straight up into the air.

       She looked down at me and scowled.

       "Alright, I'm through with you for today.  If you can prove
    that you deserve to receive an ejaculation tomorrow, I may grant
    you one.  Right now I will grant you one question. Since you
    are not allowed to talk, I will pick the question.  What is my
    name?  To you it is just Mistress.  If you are required to
    address me in public, you may refer to me as "my Queen".

       "Now, tomorrow you will come to this hotel again at 5:30,
    and wait in the lobby.  Sometime after that there will be an
    announcement that a young lady has lost her pet doggy.  It will
    only be made once, so don't miss it.  When you hear that, you
    are to take the elevator to the top floor, and then the stairs
    up to the penthouse.  Since you aren't capable of undressing
    properly, you are to strip bare, out on the landing.  Then kneel
    on all fours and bark, until you are let in.  If you fail to
    appear, naked and barking, immediately after the announcement,
    then your sweet girlfriend will receive a letter and a photo in
    the mail.  You are dismissed.

       She spun about and strode from the room, leaving me lying
    there on the floor, exhausted, and frustrated.  Feeling exposed,
    and embarrased, alone on my back with a hard on, I got up.

       As I slipped on my shorts, they brushed against the head of
    my cock.  That slight contact was all it took to send me over
    the brink of orgasm.  My semen spurted onto the carpet, and made
    wet stains on my shorts.  Somewhat dazed by the realization of
    the control this dominating woman was developing over me, I
    dressed and left, without cleaning up.

       Tuesday, I remembered that I was supposed to be having dinner
    with Elaine and her parents.  When I called to say l couldn't
    come, Elaine was worried that I was upset from our argument on
    Sunday.  I assured her that I wasn't angry, and told her that
    I'd call on Wednesday.

       I couldn't get away from work until five, and I didn't get
    to the hotel until almost six.  As I sat there I kept worrying
    that I had missed the announcement, and wondered if I should
    go on up, and plead forgiveness for being late.  A little after
    seven, however, the desk clerk made the announcement, and I
    hurried up with a feeling of relief.

       When I got to the landing, I saw that there were several
    doors.  After a quick moment of fear, I decided that only one
    of them looked like it led to a place of residence.  I took off
    my clothes, and got on my hands and knees, and made quiet
    woofing noises.  I was afraid that if I was too loud, one of
    the maintenance staff might come by to investigate, and see me
    in my embarrasing position.  When the door in front of me stayed
    closed, I raised my voice a little.  Finally I barked as loud as
    I could and the door opened.

       My Mistress stood in the doorway.  The first thing I saw was
    the black seamed stockings encasing her legs, at my eye level.
    She had spike heeled, open toed sandals on her stockinged feet,
    with the straps winding up her silky calves.  At the top the
    stockings were fastened to a garter belt about her waist.  The
    wonderfull crotch that my mouth was now so familiar with was
    encased in a pair of black lace bikini panties.  Looking up, I
    got my first partial view of her tits.  She had on a push up
    bra, with her nipples just peeking out above the cups.

       "Well, so my little pet doggie has come back.  You were a bad
    doggie, to run away like that.  You should beg me to let you
    in."

       "Please Mistress ..."

    "No!  Like a dog."

    I squatted up on my legs and raised my hands up to my chest.

    "You can do better than that."

       I let my tongue hang out, and panted, and I stared pleadingly
    up into her eyes from my spot out in the hall.

       "Well, well, look at my doggie's penis", she said, waving
    a long finger at my swollen member.

       "He must have run away to try and find a naughty bitch to
    take care of it for him.  You will have to be punished for
    that."

       "Heel!" she said, and turned and led me into the middle of
    the room.

       I started to stand up, but she yelled, "Down you mutt!".  "If
    you don't know your proper place, I shall have to teach it to
    you."  She got out some chains and cuffs, and bound my wrists to
    my ankles, to force me to remain on all fours.  Then she placed
    a collar around my neck, and snapped a leash onto it.

       I saw her pick up a small box and press a button, then I
    noticed a video camera sitting on a tripod.

       "Now, beg again for the camera"

       She tugged on my leash, and made me face the camera and beg
    like I had out in the hall.  She zoomed in on my cock, just as a
    little drop of milky liquid formed at the tip.  I was really
    beginning to feel like my body, and my cock in particular,
    belonged to her, to play with as she saw fit.

       Next she got out a short riding crop, and straddled my back,
    her warm, firm, buttocks pressing against my back through the
    thin fabric of her panties.  She rode me into the next room,
    to a table, lashing my thighs and exposed butt with her crop
    as we went.  Then she swung her leg over, and sitting side-
    saddle, using me as a chair, proceeded to eat dinner.

       From my position beneath her, I couldn't see what she was
    eating, but I smelled steak.  My stomach growled.

       "Mistress, please, I haven't eaten."

    "Quiet!", she snapped.  Picking up her crop, she gave my balls
    a flick between my legs, making my cock jerk.

       When she was finished eating, she arranged some cushions on
    the floor and slipped off her panties.  She arranged herself
    on her stomach, with her luscous ass pointed towards me.  My
    hunger started to give way to rising excitement.

       "My ass needs cleaning, if you eat it all up, I may let you
    eat something else."

       I scrambled over to her, and started licking up and down her
    crack, and all around her anus.  I jabbed my tongue inside as
    far as it would go.  I must have been pleasing her because she
    let out a slight sigh.

       Without saying anything she rolled away from me and got up.
    She scraped some scraps from her plate into a bowl, and put it
    on the floor.  The sight of the fat, and bones with bits of
    meat, was making my mouth water.  She called me over to her, and
    freed my hands from my ankles, only to retie them behind my
    back.  Then she let me eat from my bowl.  As I ate she stood
    over me, lashing me with her riding crop whenever something
    spilled onto her rug.  Eating made me even more thirsty than I
    had been hungry.

       "Mistress, please, I'm very thirsty."

    "I see that you haven't eaten all of your scraps.  We can't have
    you suffering from a protein deficiency.  On your back!"

       I rolled over, my hands pressing into my back.  She lightly
    ran the toe of her sandal up my prostate.  Then she placed the
    tip of her heel carefully on the head of my cock, and wiggled
    it.  I was getting very close to orgasm.  When she slid the top
    of her nylon coverd foot up the underside of my prick, I came
    all over her toes, and the straps of her sandal.


       She sat down in a chair, and swung her leg out towards me.
    "Now, eat your protein."

       I licked off the straps first, and then her foot and toes,
    stretching to reach the gobs in between them.  Eating my salty
    come made me even more thirsty.  I knew I would have to finish
    with her foot first, but as soon as I was done I begged her,

    "Please Mistress, Water?"

    "Now you want something to drink.  Water?  Wine?  Milk?"

       She cupped one of her glorious, semi-naked breasts in one
    hand, and looked down at me.

       "Anything.", I croaked.

       She shoved my face against her pussy, and gripped my head
    between her thighs.

       "Very well, you have earned a drink.", she said kindly, and
    let flow a stream of pee into my mouth.  By that time I was so
    thirsty that I drank it gratefully.

       "Now, to get back to your ejaculation.  You didn't have
    nearly enough sperm.  Have you been masturbating?"

    "N-No, I ..."

    "Lying will only make your punishment worse.  You know that you
    are only to come as a reward. I didn't give you permission to
    come yesterday.  This is a serious breach of discipline."

       She untied my hands and threw a trenchcoat at me.

    "Put this on!"

       When I had it on, she told me to put my hands in the pockets.
    I discoverd that they had no linings. My Mistress locked my
    hands together under the coat with a pair of handcuffs, then she
    tied my legs with a two foot cord so I could only take short
    steps.  The coat had a tie at the waist, and she tied one end of
    it snugly around my balls, leaving the other end hanging out.

       I Was worrying about what my punishment was going to be.  I
    suspected that we were going out in public.  Confirming my
    suspicions, she grabbed a large handbag and announced that we
    were going to my place.

       She drove, ordering me to give her directions.  When we got
    out of the car, to my horror, we ran into a friend of mine.

       "Who's your friend?", he asked.

    "S-She's ..", I stammered.

       My Mistress gave a sharp tug on my balls with the cord.

    "My Queen.", I blurted.

    "Well don't let Elaine know you've got another one.", he grinned
    and went on by.  It struck me then just how embarrasing it would
    have been if he knew that I was bound and naked under the coat.

       When we got into my room, my Mistress freed my hands.

    "Put all your underpants in a pile on the bed!", she commanded.

       When I had done so, she reached into her handbag and pulled
    out a single pair of pink lace panties.

       "A real man wouldn't come all by himself.  As punishment,
    you will not be allowed to wear men's underpants any more."

       She held up the lace panties, I could see that they were
    several sizes too small for me.

       "You will wear these instead.  If you soil them, you must
    come to me and beg for a clean pair.  If I find out that you
    have been wearing mens shorts, or try to wash these, or bring
    yourself off, remember that now, I also have the tape of my bad
    dog to show to your girlfriend.  You have my permission to fuck
    her if she allows you, but you must immediately come to me and
    give a detailed report of your performance afterwards.  Now hold
    out your arms."

       I held my arms in front of me, and she scooped up the pile
    of undershorts on the bed and dropped them in my arms.  Then
    she grabbed the cord attatched to my balls and led me back out
    to the car.  Thankfully, no-one saw us leaving, with me being
    led, and my arms full of underwear.

       When we got back to her penthouse, my Mistress removed my
    coat, and left me tied to a stool to watch the tape of my
    performance earlier that evening, while she had a long bath.

       When she came out, I saw her gloriously, completely, nude
    for the first time.  She came over and turned off the video tape
    and freed me from the stool.  I reached up to touch her firm
    smooth breast.  Before I could, she slapped my cock with the
    back of her hand.

       "Your body belongs to me, not the other way around!  Since
    you still can't behave, I'll have to tie you up again."

       My Mistress tied my hands behind my back, running the rope
    down the crack of my ass and tying the other end to my cock.
    Then she tied my feet to my wrists, so I could only lie on the
    floor or kneel.

       "Now, show your repentence by begging to please me."

    "Please Mistress, let me lick you to orgasm.  You are so
    beautiful, I would do anything to please you.  Please, let me
    suck your beautiful breasts."

       "Breast sucking is for babies, not men.  No tits for you
    tonight.  Lick my ass, and maybe I will allow you to please my
    pussy."

       Bound as I was, I struggled awkwardly to service her behind
    with my tongue.  Eventually, she let me ply her pussy with my
    tongue, and I was in ecstasy.  I continued pleasuring her with
    my mouth all night, bringing her to orgasm several times.  When
    morning light began to shine in the window, I realized that I
    had to go to work.

       "Please Mistress, may I go. I have to go to work now."

    "You must realise that your most important work is pleasing me."

    "Oh yes, Mistress, but please, may I go."

    "I suppose", she said. She ran her hands over the breasts that
    I had been forbidden to touch, and pulled on her nipples.

    "Would you like to touch my breasts first?"

    "Oh yes please, Mistress!"

    "Maybe another day.  For now, you can have some milk for
    breakfast."

       She got some warm milk off the counter, and lay back and
    poured it into her vagina.  I lapped it up until it was gone,
    and then kept going until she had another orgasm.  Then she
    untied me and said I could go.

       I got up and forced myself into the tight, pink panties, and
    put on the rest of my clothes.  I felt humiliated, with her
    watching me, and knowing that I would be going off to work
    without sleep, sweaty, and wearing her frilly panties under my
    rumpled clothes.

       When I got home from work I was so tired that I just fell
    on the bed and went to sleep.  Not much later I was woken up
    by the phone ringing.  It was Elaine, wanting to know why I
    hadn't called yet.  I lied, and told her that I had been just
    about to pick up the phone when she called.  She said she was
    eager to see me, and asked me to come over to her place, which
    was something she had never done before.  I readily agreed, and
    hurried over.

       After a few minutes of smalltalk, she got to the point.

    "I'm sorry about our argument on Sunday.  I've been thinking,
    and if it will please you, you can make love to me right now."

       "Oh, Elaine, thank you, it means so much to me." Then, with
    horror, I remembered that I was wearing my Mistresses' panties.
    I started thinking about how I could get them off without Elaine
    seeing them, and had second thoughts as I considered the pro-
    spect of making a detailed report to my Mistress.  Somehow, I
    knew she would be displeased if I had sex with Elaine for my
    pleasure.

       "But I guess you were right, maybe we should wait.

    "Then we're agreed, we'll wait."  She smiled, and carefully
    avoided looking at the bulge that my cock was now making in my
    pants.

       Now that I had ruled out the possibility of getting my penis
    inside her, I thought I could still get something out of the
    situation.  I was yearning to see her naked body, and I de-
    sperately wanted to fondle her large tits, especially because
    my Mistress kept taunting me with hers.

       "Maybe we could just cuddle.  I could kiss your breasts, and
    gently caress you."

       "No.  That would just lead to sex, and we've decided.  I
    think you'd better go now."  She got up and went into another
    room, closing the door behind her.  Seeing nothing else I could
    do, I left, feeling frustrated.

       That night I dreamed about ramming my cock in Elaine's pussy.
    I could hear the voice of my Mistress telling me that my cock
    had no right to be in a place as sanctified as a cunt.  Just as
    I was about to come, I heard my Mistress yell,"Stop!  I haven't
    given you permission!", and I woke up to find I was on the verge
    of an orgasm.  I froze with the thought of what my Mistress
    might do if I came, and only relaxed when my erection eventually
    subsided.  After that, I was afraid to go back to sleep, in case
    I didn't catch myself soon enough the next time.

       Thursday I excrutiated over whether or not to go see my
    Mistress.  If I went to her she might let me come.  I knew
    though, that I would have to undergo the humiliation of begging
    for clean panties.  I decided against it.

       By Friday I was desperate for sexual release, and I knew that
    changing my underpants couldn't wait any longer, so I went to my
    Mistresses' penthouse and knocked on the door.  She answered the
    door dressed in a long robe, with her hair in a jaunty ponytail.

       "You!  I didn't say you could knock. And you have forgotten
    to take off your clothes.  Now I want you to try again.  This
    time, strip to your panties and lie on your stomach on the
    floor, like a worm.  Don't make any noises, There are repairmen
    next door working on the elevator.  When the door opens again,
    you may wriggle in."

       She slammed the door, and I proceeded to do as she had
    directed.  I had to lie there for almost ten minutes, hoping
    that one of the repairmen wouldn't come by.  Then the door
    opened again.

       "Wriggle!  Quickly!"

       As I wriggled inside, the lace of my panties caught on the
    door sill, and there was a tearing sound.

       "Stand up!

       I stood up before her, and my erect cock pushed its way out
    the tear in my panties.  She tied my hands together, and
    attached them to a ring in the ceiling so that I was forced to
    stand on the tips of my toes, then stood back to look at me.

       "What a dirty boy you are.  And look at your panties.  The
    nice pink all covered with black from the floor, and your ugly
    member poking out that gash in front.  And by the smell, you
    don't have good sanitary habits either.  It's a shame that's
    your only pair.  It would be awfull if you had to wear those
    ones for the rest of the month.

       "Please, Mistress, may I have a clean pair of panties.  I
    didn't mean to soil these ones.  I promise to keep sanitary if
    you give me a new pair, and I won't wait so long between begging
    to have my panties changed."

       As I pleaded for new panties, she walked out of the room, and
    came back with a bottle of oil.  She grabbed the waist band of
    my bikinis and gave a tug, and the pants ripped the rest of the
    way.  They hung on my cock for a second before dropping to the
    floor.

       "Oh dear, now you can't wear those.  I certainly won't let
    you put your clothes on directly against your tender skin, you
    would rub yourself raw.  I guess if you can't aquire another
    pair somehow, you will have to stay nude."

       As I continued to beg, she started rubbing the oil over my
    body.

       "Mistress, I must have panties and wear clothes, so I can go
    to work, and to visit Elaine."

       "Your job and friends are your concern, and are not to
    interfere with your service to your Mistress.  I will only grant
    you a pair of panties if you can convince me that you need them
    to use here, in my presence.

       "Mistress, I need them for my modesty, and so that you can
    have releif from the sight of my ugly penis."

       I kept begging as she finished oiling my body.  When she was
    done, she dropped a pair of pink panties at my feet.  Then she
    untied my hands, and I fell over after standing tiptoe for so
    long.

       "Since you place such importance on your frilly underpants,
    there is a pair. Put them on!"

       My new panties were even smaller than my other ones.  When
    I drew them up, my cock wouldn't fit completely in them, and
    the elastic band pressed into it painfully.  I was about to
    complain that wearing these would cut off my circulation, and
    make my dick useless, afraid that she would just say that it
    was already useless, when my Mistress snapped an order.

       "Bend over and grab your ankles!"

       I complied, and she walked around behind me with her riding
    crop in her hand.  I suddenly felt the handle of it pressed
    directly against my anus, surprisingly without the fabric of
    the panties intervening.

       "You asshole, you have them on backwards.  Now fix it!"

       I took them off, and noticed that they had a hole in the
    crotch.  They were still a snug fit, when I slipped them on
    again, sticking my cock and balls out the hole.

       My Mistress laughed at me, and placed a collar around my
    neck, snapping a leash to it.  Then she had me lie on my back in
    front of an armchair.  Spreading my legs, she tied one to each
    arm of the chair.  She dropped her robe, and I could see that
    she was wearing nothing but leather panties with metal studs.
    She sat on my chest, facing away from me, and proceeded to give
    me a lecture on cleanliness, punctuating her words by whipping
    my cock with her ponytail.  Then she got up and left the room,
    leaving me tied there.  I heard her saying something on the
    phone, and she came back a few minutes later.

       When she sat down in the chair and placed her feet on my
    chest, I looked up into her eyes.  She caught my cock between
    two of her toes, and gave it a twist.

       "A slave with proper humility, does not look his Mistress
    in the eye."  I lowered my gaze to her perfect breasts, then
    kept it there as she proceeded to work some oil into them,
    making them glisten as she kneaded and pulled.  She allowed me
    the pleasure of caressing her feet with my hands, as I imagined
    the feel of her silky breasts.

       After a while there was a knock on the door, and my Mistress
    got up.  At first I was worried that she was going to answer
    the door, leaving me in plain view.  I felt considerable relief
    when she untied my legs so I could move out of the line of
    sight.  My relief was short lived, however.

       "Open the door!"

       I hesitated, but when my Mistress opened her mouth to speak
    again, I hurried over to the door and opened it.

       I stood there, shocked, as Elaine entered the room, giving
    me an icy stare.

    "Elaine, what ..."

    "Mistress, you promised ..."

       I looked anxiously back and forth between Elaine and my
    Mistress.

    "I invited Elaine over to show her what kind of a man you really
    are.  Sit down over there Elaine.  Now, heel slave!"

       My Mistress pointed at the floor by her feet.  I gave a quick
    glance to my fiance, receiving an expressionless stare, before
    rushing to kneel at the feet of the woman who had dominated me.

       "Now, slave, I have a special treat for you.  Don't you
    desire to suckle my breast like a baby?"

    "Oh yes, Mistress!"

    "I will allow you to touch me there, but you must pay for the
    pleasure by not being allowed to come.  Do you still wish it?"

    "Yes Mistress, please."

       She bent over me, bringing her glorious globes within my
    reach.  I did nothing intil she said "You are permitted." Then I
    tentatively reached out with one finger and slid it down the top
    of her breast and across her nipple.  I raised my mouth to kiss
    her rosy bud, but she pushed me to the floor.

       "That was your touch.  Was it better than being permitted
    to jerk off?"

    "Yes Mistress."

       I was reminded that Elaine was present, when she spoke.
    "Very good.", she said.  "I'm impressed."

       My Mistress then told me to stand for inspection, with my
    hands on my head.  As Elaine ran her hands over my oiled body,
    my Mistress spoke, "From now on you are to call her Mistress
    Elaine, in public she is to be addressed as your Queen. Is that
    understood?".

       "Yes Mistress."

       Elaine ordered me to get down on all fours.

    "Yes Mistress."  I felt a stinging slap across my behind.  "Yes
    Mistress Elaine."

       She pushed my knees apart with her foot, exposing my cock and
    balls.

       "Now, to show you who is going to be boss in our family, I am
    going to give you your real cock.  Reach back and spread your
    asscheeks."

    "Yes Mistress Elaine."

       She got out a dildo and pushed it a couple of inches into
    my hole.  "This is your pussy, and this is how we will fuck,
    with my cock in your cunt.  Is that understood?"

    "Yes Mistress Elaine."

       "You are to serve me the rest of your life. Understood?" She
    pushed the dildo in farther.

    "Yes Mistress Elaine."

       "Beg me to fuck you!"

    "Please Mistress Elaine, fuck my hole with your penis."  She
    began pushing the dildo in and out of my ass, then she pushed
    it all the way in and left it there.

       "Would you like to lick my pussy?"

    "Oh yes please, Mistress Elaine"

       "But we can't have you seeing my nakedness, We're not even
    married yet."

    "Please Mistress Elaine, let me pleasure you with my tongue."

       My other Mistress blindfolded me, and then I was allowed to
    lick Elaine to several orgasms, while my behind was stuffed full
    by her dildo.

       Elaine then put the trenchcoat on me, and led me out,
    assuring my other Mistress that she would return me for further
    training if I showed signs of not bieng fully tamed.

       We are to be married in a few months.  Until then, I am to
    remain living where I am now, but every day I am to go directly
    to Elaine's after work.  When I am there I must go naked, or
    wear what feminine things she chooses, and wait on her, hand and
    foot.  I must beg her to change my panties, that I wear under my
    regular clothes.  Until our wedding, I am not allowed to
    ejaculate, or view her body.  When I serve her with my tongue I
    must be blindfolded.

       My Mistress Elaine, says that on our wedding day, I will have
    my real penis fully inserted, and held in place by white lace
    panties.  My trousers will be tight, so that all the guests at
    the ceremony will be able to see the erection that I am bound to
    have due to my anticipation, and the pressure of her cock
    against my prostate.

       On our wedding night, if I have obeyed all of Mistress
    Elaine's orders, she will let me see her naked, and allow me
    to kneel in front of her and masturbate to orgasm at the sight
    of her naked body.  Needless to say, I am anxiously awaiting
    our marriage.  I can hardly wait to see the pussy that I love
    and go down on, which I know only by my tongue.

       When I brought up the subject of having children, Elaine said
    that she would like having a cock inside her sometimes, and that
    she might allow me to watch as she let a man fuck her.

       Once we are married, I must give up my job so that I can
    devote all of my time to my Mistress.  Elaine says that money
    will be no problem.  She is a model, and makes enough money for
    essentials.  When she wants something outside our budget, she
    intends to raise money by selling my services to strangers.  She
    says we will need a lot of things just after we are married.
