Archive-name: Fetish/husb1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Husbandless


Part 1

INTRODUCTION
The bastard left me for a rather plain looking "chubby" blond that would have 
his baby.  I wasn't quite ready for a family yet so he decided to have one 
without me.  At first my pride was shattered.  I couldn't believe it.  The
woman looked like she was well used already, but he said it was love.
I made sure I wore my tightest leather skirt, and a deeply cut, clinging
sweater to the final divorce meeting.  I knew she would be there so I showed
her what he had been used to so the bitch would have something to think 
about.  Especially after her pussy was stretched out from giving birth to
his brats.

I have plenty to show off.  I am a very well kept 35 year old that works out
religously every day and it has payed off.  My mother was a Columbian rebel
and my dad was French Canadian.  I am 5'10" and carry 135 well placed pounds.
Starting from the top, I have waist length shiny black hair, my skin looks
tan even in the winter.  I have large dark dark brown eyes and full lips.
My nose, well I inherited that from my dad, but it's really not too bad.
The rest of my body is my pride and joy.  I have large, solid 49 DDD breasts 
with large nipples that look aroused at all times and look like thimbles
when I've been playing with them.  I have a flat muscular belly that blends 
into a trim waist, and very long muscular legs that form into full tight ass.
I have a soft sensitive pussy with overly large hanging outer lips.  
Convinced yet?  I hate bragging but I need to set the scene, right?

Don't get me wrong, we had great sex, even though I was a bit over sexed 
for my x-husband's tastes. He did his best.  I attacked him once or twice
each day, and would'nt stop fucking until I climaxed. I kind of loose my
mind when I get horny and at times forgot what happened until he would
tell me later shaking his head wearily in disbelief.  I like my lovemaking
rough and he did'nt.  I could pin him down with my muscular legs and arms
and fuck his big dick raw.  I got carried away a few times and started 
slapping him when he tried to get away.  He was pissed off for days, but he 
got over it when I let him slap my ass a few times to get even.  It felt 
wonderful but I had to let on that it hurt so he would get over his pouting 
spell and start letting me fuck him again.

When the bastard left, I went wild with frustration without the daily sex.  
I started dating friends-of-friends, or so I thought.  You really find out
who your friends are when they start shoving men at you.  At 35, most of
the men had either been married and divorced or it was obvious why they
had'nt.  I went out a few times but never really hit it off with them.
They all seem to want to get into a "meaningfull relationship".  Hell, I
just wanted to FUCK.  After a few tries, I vowed to stay away from men for 
a while and resorted to full time masterbation.  That was the best decision 
I've ever made.  

I was satisfied with my fingers for a while and then I started experimenting 
with carrots and cucumbers.  It felt so good to stretch out the walls of
my pussy with a large cucumber, lock my ankles together and squeeze my legs
together tightly while I frantically rubbed my clit until I climaxed.
I quickly got bored after a few weeks of that.  I noticed that my climaxes
were getting weak, so from experience I knew I needed to prolong my arousal
so that when I finally did cum, I would explode.

SLAP-HAPPY
I work as a receptionist in a large corporation in New Orleans so I have to 
dress-up every day and my days are long and boring.  When I leave work, I
have to fight my way through rush hour traffic for a good 45 minutes before 
I get away from the city and headed for home.  I got to keep the house after
the divorce because it was mine to begin with.  I inherited it from my 
grandfather.  It's perfect... It's a small ranch built 1/4 mile back into
15 acres of woods/swamp.  It's well worth the drive every day in and out of
the city when I finally get home, strip off all my clothes and run around 
naked in the house.  No one ever comes to the door because I have a post 
box and I don't get the paper.  In fact you can't even tell that there is a 
house back in there because the dirt road is grown over with vines most of 
the time anyway.

I very rarely wear clothes when I'm home in fact I'm usually buck naked for 
2 days on weekends.  I can imagine I would be quite a specticle if someone 
did happen to suprise me.  My 49 DDD's flopping around as I washed my windows
or something like that.  Oh well it has'nt happened in 10 years so I'm not 
worried.  Well on with my story.

One Friday I made it home after a long day of work and went right into my
bedroom.  I took off my clothes and stood in front of my full length mirror
massaging the bra lines that depressed deep into my breasts. My nipples
instantly went rock hard when they were free to the air.  Like I said, my
nipples are very large.  At least a 1/2 inch around and when aroused they
stand out a good 1/2 inch too.  They aren't very sensitive unless I've 
been playing with them alot.  I included them in the massage as I headed
for the kitchen to make myself a large Scotch and Water.  I was ready for a
relaxing weekend.

By the time I read my mail I had finished the first drink and quickly
poured another before heading into the bedroom.  I picked up my worn clothes
and watched myself in the mirror walking into the bathroom. The bathroom
is connected to my bedroom.  The double sized bath/hot tub looked inviting
so I turned on the water and went back into the bedroom.  I found my drink
and took a large swallow watching myself in the mirror.  I walked closer to 
the image really pleased at how I looked and could feel my head swimming a 
bit from the alcohol I had consummed on an empty stomach.  I turned around 
to look at my back and ran my hands down my sides, across my tight ass and 
down my legs.  I was starting to feel really warm inside as I cupped my ass 
and massaged it roughly.  I could see the skin turning pink where I had 
kneaded it.  

Without realizing what I was doing I gave the right cheek a good slap.  It 
didn't hurt, but it did'nt really feel good either.  I swung harder this time 
and connected with a good sharp crack.  The pain felt so good, I actually
got chills from the lingering sting.  Looking into the mirror I could see
3 red finger marks forming across my ass.  The only problem I could see was 
that the cheeks did'nt match so I swung and slapped the left side.  The first 
hit was good and hard this time.  The Scotch was making me want more.  
Oh! so much more.  I remembered that I had a bath running so I ran in and
turned off the water.  My relaxing bath would surely have to wait.

I finished my drink and had another made and was back in my room in no time.
My heart was racing in anticipation to continue.  I sat my drink down close
and went back to standing in front of the mirror.  Turning around facing away
from it, I spread my legs wide and bent over at the waist so I could get a 
good view of my great ass.  Wow, I had never seen myself from this view 
before.  My full pussy lips were hanging long and very wet.  I reached back 
and slapped at my ass with both hands at once, and savored the sting as it
melted into my soul.  I slapped again, striking slightly higher this time. 
I couldn't believe how good it felt and how much it was turning me on.  I 
reached from the front this time and briskly slapped the inner cheeks close 
to my pussy, one at a time.  My whole ass was red and stinging wonderfully. 
My hands and fingers were going numb.  If I was to keep this up I had to do 
something to put the full amount of pain in the targeted area only.  

I stood up, took a good long drink, and went to look for something to use
instead of my hands.  I thought of a belt but decided that I needed something
that I could control more.  I rooted through the junk drawers and looked 
around in the garage finally coming up with a few promising items.
I carried an 18" wooden ruler and an old ping-pong paddle my x-husband had
forgotten back into the bedroom.  I tossed them onto the bed, grabbed my 
drink and joined them there.  I picked up the ruler and tested it on my free
palm.  Whew, yep that would work.  I turned onto my belly spread my legs to
balance myself and twisted back to get access to my ass.  The first swing
was a bit wimpy so I followed up with another quickly.  Woah, now THAT hurt.
I loved it.  All of the pain was focused on the strip under the ruler.  I 
aimed at another spot and swung hard.  My body involuntarily straightened 
out and I buried my head deep into my pillow to wait for the sting to absorb. 

Once it had, I twisted to the left and gave the left cheek a few good ones
too.  I was in heaven (uh, maybe hell).  I got up and went to the mirror
to check out the marks.  I must have really hit it hard because the 1" wide
perfect edged red stripes were starting to welt up on the edges.  I rubbed
them and had to laugh thinking what my "x" would do if he seen this.
I thought, if it felt so damn good on my ass, I wondered what else I could 
abuse.  I turned to face the mirror and could'nt help looking at those huge 
breast and nipples just begging for some attention.  I grasped my nipples
hard and pulled them up as far as I could towards the ceiling, stretching
my breasts up and out of shape.  When I thought I had stretched them as far 
as I could, I pinched down harder, twisted my nipples and pulled a little 
more.  The pain jolt ran through my breasts and deep into my belly giving me
chills of pleasure.  I almost climaxed on the spot but I released my nipples
just before I did.  I was enjoying myself too much to have it end yet.

I walked over to the bed, finished my drink and got back onto mattress.
I sat up indian style and picked up the ruler.  I held my left breast like
a double batch of bread dough and gently slapped the top of it a few times
to find out how it would feel.  It was fantastic.  I gingerly covered my 
breast with slaps that would'nt leave anything but a light pink tint.  It
felt so wonderful, I quickly switched hands and did the same to the right
one.  I put down the ruler and roughly massaged and squeezed my left breast
until I was getting crazy.  I picked up the ruler and slapped the under side
of my left orb hard and fast.  Yeow! I clenched both hands and closed my 
eyes tightly as the pain lingered on for a good 15 seconds.  I opened my 
eyes and peeked at a red stripe forming fast that ran diagonally across the
underside of my breast.  I quickly grabbed the right one with both hands like
I was trying to crush it, massaging deeply until the friction on my skin
started to hurt, then I picked up the ruler and swung down hard onto my
poor breast. YEEOWW! I let go of the ruler and rolled around on the bed 
tring to not scream out loud.     God THAT hurt.

I recovered after a minute of pure ecstacy and sat up again reaching for the
deadly ruler.  I was now out of control and needed more right away.  I looked
down at my pussy as I settled back into the cross-legged indian position and 
could'nt believe what I was thinking.  I got a huge knot in my gut when I 
thought about using the ruler on my tender pussy.  I put my left palm on the
bottom area of my muscular belly and pulled up to get full access to my 
throbbing pussy.  Even pulled up like that, the over sized outer lips were
lying over on each side barely showing the tender pink tissue inside.
I lowered the ruler to about 2" from my flesh and tapped the outside of my
pussy.  I tapped it easily 6 or seven times bringing me very close to creaming
all over the bed.   This was great!

I grasped the left side outer fleshy lip and pulled it out and away from my 
box, revealing a 2-3 inch area of slippery pink skin.  I tapped the exposed
tender area 3 times lightly with the ruler and lost contol of my self.  I 
pulled the ruler back and landed a painful slap onto the wet inner skin.  I 
bit my bottom lip and let out a strange noise as I massaged the sting into 
my soul.  I switched hands and pulled the other lip out and landed a stinging
blow right away.  GOD it hurt so good.  I laid back onto the bed and started 
pulling on the fleshy blood engorged lips with no mercy.  I grabbed onto both
lips with my right fingers and shook roughly back and forth until my fingers 
slipped off.  

I was so damn hot.  I had never felt so turned on before.  If I would have 
known I could feel like this, I would have started this a long time ago.
I brought my hands up to my breasts and squeezed them to my chest with all 
my strength while pinching my nipples.  I found the ruler and pulled my left 
nipple up towards the ceiling and began rapidly swatting my breast meat
hard with the ruler, moving around to make sure I covered every inch.  I 
had lost all control but kept swinging through the pain. My nipple slipped 
out of my grip but I didn't stop the striking with the ruler.  One hard swing 
brought the ruler directly onto the end of my thimble sized nipple, sending 
a powerful jolt of pain screaming through my aching breast down into my 
pussy.  I clenched my teeth and screamed through them as I exploded into the 
wildest pulsing orgasm I had ever experienced. 

I laid there on the bed for a good 10 minutes enjoying the ecstacy.  Afterward,
I got up and went to the mirror to investigate.  I was suprised to see my 
left breast covered with red welts and was even purple in two areas.  The 
nipple was bright red and still rock hard.  What a contrast to the right, 
which was barely pink.  I was suprised to find that there was no mark on the 
inner area of my pussy lip, but thinking back, I could have handled a harder 
hit.  I finished running my bath and soaked for a good hour investigating 
the marks on my breast and ass.

I discovered that day that I could drive myself far beyond my own limits
of pleasure through self inflicted pain.  This incident actually happened
over 2 years ago.  Since then, I have gradually increased my tolerance to
pain, therfore increasing my need for it to satisfy my insatable appetite 
for the resulting powerful orgasms.  Up to now I have been able to keep all 
of this to myself.  None of my friends have a clue, and the busy-body,
gossiping women at work think I'm dating a guy.  I'm very careful not to 
cause permenent damage to myself.  I usually end up with a variety of marks 
on my body but I try to control myself to make sure they can heal completely 
within 2 weeks.  

I finally broke down and bought a computer to use at home.  I read an article
in a computer magazine about bulletin boards and after a few phone calls I
finally obtained the numbers of a few local ones.  I dialed up, filled out
the questionares and began browsing through the menus.  I was delighted to
find an adult oriented area.  I have been downloading the various text files
uploaded by people who seen to have interests similar to mine.  I enjoy
the bondage stories and find some of the torture ones interesting.  I'm not
really into the ones that advocate maiming or killing (unless the victim 
requests it anyway).  I believe that us women usually know what we want, but
sometimes a new experience will expand our desires.  Well, after a lot of 
apprehension I decided that I would share my experiences with anyone that
was interested.  I had to be sure that no one would be able to track down
the "wild woman who lives alone isolated in the country, who needs prolonged 
pain to trigger an orgasm", if you see what I mean.  So after a few trial
uploads, I'm sending in this file.

I intend to do this often because the act of writing out my episodes makes
them that much more exciting to me.  I can picture you guys and I hope 
maybe even other women out there masterbating as they imagine me acting out
my stories.  I'll be as graphic as I can so I hope y'all enjoy.


--
