Archive-name: Bestial/hypnoorg.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Hypnotic Orgasm - a fantasy


This is a story about consentual bestiality. If this offends
you, skip this article *immediately*
It was written in the first person, as I find it easier to put on
paper, and I have also tried to make this as close to both
fantasy *and* reality to make it more erotic.


     I took the bus home with a bemused look on my face. I had in
my possession a cassette which I hadn't seen before but I knew
that I was supposed to listen to it that evening.
I had just finished another session with my hypnotherapist
whom I had been seeing for several weeks. I had started seeing
one just after I finished my with girl after she had found some
bestiality magazines under my bed. I'd cursed myself for leaving
them out, but at the time I hadn't thought she would go looking under
there. Anyway, I had started to get worried about why I had these
urges. In particular my fantasies about being mounted by a dog or
sucking a dog while he humped so hard his knot went into my mouth
and I had to drink all of his come until he could slip out, and whilst
he was ejaculating I was orgasming uncontrollably.
     The first therapist I saw was female and I don't think she had
been professional very long as she looked as though she was going to
be sick when I told her of my concern. The second, and current,
therapist was much more understanding and told me that he had
seen several clients, both male and female, that had bestial
desires and mine were not as bizarre as some of those he had heard.
At first I doubted what he said, as though he was just trying to
humour me, and I had trouble relaxing and going into the trance-like
state that would allow my semi-conscious mind to speak.
I must admit it had felt really strange hearing another part of
myself talking, saying things from my deep and distant past yet
reasoning and using logic to analyze arguements through.
I remember my therapist, Tony, had said at the beginning of my
session today - my sixth - that it would be a major step in helping
to accept my desires and live with both them and myself for
having them.
     The bus stopped and I got off, still clutching the tape.
Later that evening I had an early bath, towelled myself off and
decided to lounge around my bedroom, naked. I listened to
some music, and then found myself putting the mysterious tape on.
I laid back on the bed, got into a comfortable position and took
a couple of deep breaths. A voice started to talk to me.
I glanced up in disbelief when I heard Tonys' voice and wanted to
switch it off but I felt compelled to lay there and listen.
"Hello Eddie. This is Tony. I know that you're probably surprised
 to hear my voice but this is something that I do for all of my
 patients with sexual problems who are showing signs of progress.
 As we discussed in our fifth meeting, one of the hardest things
 for us to do, is actually go ahead and fulfill our physical desires."
My conscious mind was working overtime - what did he mean?
What was going to happen? Why was I still listening?
Tonys' voice continued............
"Because of the extreme tension and nervousness caused
 by the thought of doing something like this, you will, with
 the help of this tape, find the confidence to be able to come
 to terms with your feelings and live your life as a much happier
 person. But first you must completely relax."
"I am going to count down from ten to one, and as I say each
 number you will find yourself more and more relaxed until I
 reach one and you are ready."
Ready for what? I felt a nervous shiver run down my back
and panic started to grip me.
"Ten......let your muscles start to relax and feel heavy. Nine......
 feeling more relaxed. Eight......let your eyes close and think
 of a quiet peaceful scene with no distractions. Seven.........
 feeling more and more relaxed. Six..........your muscles are
 now completely relaxed and you are unaware of them.
 Five........think only of your peaceful scene and of you
 being there. Four......sinking deeper and deeper into
 relaxation. Three......you can see yourself in your scene
 laying there with the sun shining down. Two.......deeper
 and deeper. One!"
     I blinked. Where was I? I looked around to get my bearings.
Then I realised I was completely naked! Shit! Why would I
do something like that?
The sun shone brightly down from the clear deep blue sky
as I looked about. I was on an empty beach with golden
sand and a very slight breeze blew through the palm
trees keeping the sun from getting too hot. The sea lapped
gently and I thought I must be in paradise.
Just then I saw a shape move on the sand. At first I couldn't
make it out, but then I saw that it was a golden retriever
heading towards me. A male one.
He stopped a few feet away and lifted his nose into the air
sniffing my scent as it was wafted windwards towards him,
determining whether I was a threat or not. Slowly he came
closer, and then - of all things - lay down beside me looking
out across the sea towards the horizon.
Keeping one eye on the dog, I looked across the sea as well
but there was nothing there.
     As I now had company, I thought I'd try and make friends so
I leant over and stroked the top of his head. At first there was
a small growl and I paused but thought that it may only have
been one of nervousness on the dogs part...........
I started to stroke the top of his head again, and then down his
back.
The dog liked this and rolled over onto his back and started
to wag his tail. I rubbed his stomach, and cast a glance at his
doggyhood firmly tucked away in his sheath.
I started talking to the dog wishing that it could talk back, and
asked where his owner was.
All of a sudden, the dog got up and lick my face, showing
friendship. I kissed him on the nose and he continued to
lick my entire face with his tongue. Then his head moved
downwards towards my groin.
"Oh shit", I thought, "he's seen my dick and thinks its something
 to eat. Aaarghh!"
I started to move quickly which frightened the dog and he
growled a little. I stopped moving and lay perfectly still.
The dog continued to move his head down towards my
groin, then he stopped and sniffed. His cold nose touching
my scrotum. I was about to move, but stopped in case the dog
reacted badly and he was also very close to my pride-and-joy
- although I wasn't exactly well-endowed - and might snap
his jaws around it if he got scared.
The dogs snuffling continued and my penis started to grow
- much to my horror - and then the dog noticed this and started
to sniff that.................
The dogs nose was replaced by his tongue and he started to
lick my balls and prick. For a moment I felt disgust and revulsion,
yet the feeling of his warm tongue lapping my stiffening penis, and
his hot breath around my groin soon made me forget  these thoughts.
"Why am I enjoying this?", I wondered
My penis continued to revel in this new sensation and grew to its
full 6 inches standing firm & proud. My mind was reeling.
"God, I'm horny and it's a dog that's done this!!"
I glanced and the dog, and then looked towards his crotch and
saw that his maleness was starting to emerge from his sheath.
I had never seen a dogs' prick, let alone see one emerge and
get hard. I slowly reached my hand out to the dog and started
to stroke the top of his head.
Then I slowly sat up, not wanting to get the dog scared or mad,
and ran my hand down his flank towards his rump.
     The dog stopped licking my prick and looked at me. I looked at
him and our eyes met in a deep stare. Our eyes telling each other
not to worry or be afraid at what was going to happen.
My hand was near his sheath now and I slowly moved it lower and
gingerley touched his sheath. The dog did nothing except move a
little which enabled me to touch his sheath easier.
I ran my hand over it feeling the large swelling inside and guessed
that it was the 'knot' I'd heard about. I looked at his penis and saw
that it had emerged quite a way out.
"Christ! It's as big as mine!" I thought, "Does it get any bigger?"
     The dog stopped licking my cock & balls and moved up near to my
face as if to say "Come on, I've licked your prick and given you some
pleasure so how about returning the favour?"
I looked into the dogs eyes and then lowered my head towards its
hard pink penis. I paused for a moment, eyeing the thing that I was
about to put into my mouth - God, I hadn't even done this to a man!
I gingerley put out my tongue and touched the tip of his cock.
Man, it was so hot and moist - as though it was waiting for me!
I licked the length of the penis and then slowly lowered my head so
that the entire length was inside my mouth. Then I started to suck
and moved my head up and down, mimmicking the actions I had
seen on so many porn films. The dog started to thrust and I found
myself pulling away as I wasn't expecting this.
I paused and saw that the dogs prick was dripping lots of liquid.
I touched the tip with my tongue, guessed it must be pre-cum, and
realised that it hadn't been only my saliva which had filled my mouth
so quickly.
"And I swallowed it!!" my mind screamed at me.
So what, I thought, the dog didn't make a fuss and spit out my
pre-cum, and I had been enjoying it, so just relax and enjoy it.
     I lowered my head and took the dogs hard maleness into my mouth
once more and started sucking. Again, he started thrusting but this
time I didn't care. More & more juice flowed out of the dogs prick and
the thrusting got more frantic. Suddenly I felt what I thought was a
firehose squirting in my mouth. I choked and swallowed realising that
he had cum, and pulled my mouth away from his prick.
As I did so, a jet  of hot dog spunk hit me in the face & then another.

The dog pulled away from me, sat down and started to lick his penis
whilst I sat with my senses reeling and dog jism running down my face.
I wiped some off with my hand and tentatively licked it, tasting its
saltiness and all that I could think of was "Wow, that was intense!"


After a few minutes, I went to the waters edge and washed the
remainder of the spunk from my face, and realised that in spite
of these two amazingly erotic experiences, I hadn't come and
was now feeling desperately horny almost - I guess - what a
bitch in heat would be like.

--
