
                        Hypnotized Submissives

                              Chapter 6


    I fully expected Linda to be in a state of undress when I got to the
top of the stairs, knowing Doug. I wasn't disappointed. Linda was in fact
completely nude, spread eagle in fact, on the bed. Doug had tied her with
some scarves he had and some nylon stockings. She had what looked like
a scarf in her mouth, and he was making some groaning sounds, no doubt
from the attention the semi-nude Doug was giving to her privates below
her waist. Doug felt like a caught schoolboy whan I entered the room.
    "John, I expected you a little later," he stammered. "You were right
about Linda. She is really a dream. I had her doing things that I have
only dreamed of doing to Julie."
    "Well, now you can do them with her, too," I said. "She should be
joining us shortly.
    "Oh, no!" Doug said, as he frantically looked around the room. What
will she think of all this? She will leave me!"
    "Doug, Doug, calm, down. That was the OLD Julie. She is really
different, now. Just wait and see.
     Just as I was trying to calm Doug, Julie walked into the room. She
walked in and looked right at Julie in her bondage, and then at Doug.
     "Are you enjoying yourself?" she asked honestly as she looked at
the bulge in his shorts.
     "Y-yeah, I am," Doug stammered.
     "I see that you are really uncomfortable with all this. Let me show
you something, I said as I walked up to Julie. I pulled her close and
grabbed her right ass-cheek. "Let us see your SWEET SUBMISSION," I said
With this, she slipped into a trance. I could see Doug was very impressed
with her behavior.
     "Will she act like your wife does?" he asked.
     "Exactly. Go ahead, try it," I said.
     Doug looked her over. Her eyed were closed, and she was standing
very still and attentive. "Open your eyes, but stay asleep," he said. She
did so. "Now Julie, I want you to become very horny. I want you to be
more horny than you have ever been. But I want you to wait until I tell
you you can orgasm. You MUST wait until I let you. Now awaken." As he spoke
the last command, she walked over to Doug, with a look that I never saw
in her eyes before.
     She took his hands, put them on her hips and pulled herself close
so that her breasts touched his chest. "Do you want me, now?" she asked
in s sexy voice.
     I could see that Doug was aroused by her act. It must have been a
sexual signal that they both shared. But Doug wanted to savor the moment.
"Not yet. I want to play with Linda here first," he said.
     "You can play with me, too, can't you?" she asked without even a hint
of jealousy. "You could tie me up right next to her."
     "Yes, but I've never seen Linda here before, and I can see you
anytime. I have a different idea. Why don't you strip down to your panties,
here in front of John, and show him how you masturbate when I'm not here.
Let him touch you, but DON'T cum. I want that for later."

                  .....To be continued
