(c) Copyright 1996 Benny The Jetter.  All Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




Hypnotism - a teacher's revenge!


I am an English teacher at Castle Hill High School in Sydney, and last week at a party, Steve, a friend of mine told me he knew all about hypnotism.  I challenged him to prove it and he had my wife dancing around the room in front of the party-goers like a fucking chook! Everyone loved it, except my wife who didn't like the ribbing she got after Steve brought her out of it.

Anyway, we were talking about the incident afterwards, and Steve was bragging that he ought to go into business doing shows and entertainment with his hypnotism. I thought it would be interesting  to my class, so I invited him along for our double period this afternoon.

I should say my class is a mixed class of thirty-two students, between sixteen and seventeen years old. There are nineteen girls and thirteen boys.

So Steve was there at the start of the class at one o'clock this afternoon, and as I arrived, there was a bit of an argument going on in the classroom.  I listened at the door for a short while, to get a picture of what it was about.  It seemed that one of the girls had been screwing another girl's boyfriend at lunchtime behind the toilets, and had been caught by one of the girls.  It was entertaining for Steve and me to listen to the girls argue because they weren't arguing about whether it was OK to be fucking the boyfriend, but why hadn't she kept the date they'd had for a quiet smoke at the back of the playing field.  Apparently it was OK to fuck someone's boyfriend, but not to miss the date.

Steve and I entered the classroom and the room suddenly descended into silence.  I introduced Steve and the subject for the day, amid guffaws and comments from the class.  Most of them were sceptical that hypnotism worked.  So we talked about it for a while, then Steve offered to do a practical demonstration for the class.  This was greeted with a lot of enthusiasm.

To my surprise, he proceeded to hypnotise the whole class, without exception, leaving only the two of us awake.  He performed a couple of simple tests to prove to himself that they were all under, not just faking it, and I was pleasantly surprised at how nice all the little buggers were when they were asleep.  We were only ten minutes into the class, and I asked him,

"What are we going to do now, they're all asleep.  Do we read a book or something?"

"Do you want to have some fun with them?" he asked me.

"You mean like make them think they're chooks or something?" I replied.

"No, you fucking dick-head, I mean real fun.  You go lock the door so we can't be disturbed accidentally."

Puzzled, I went to the door and snapped the bolt over.

"Now watch this," he said.

He made all the boys lie down on the floor with their backs to us, and told them not to move until he said.  He said they were completely deaf to all noise except his voice.  Then he had all the girls stand up on their chairs.

"Did any of these sexy little tarts ever get you aroused John?" he asked.

"All the time," I replied. "They're forever prancing around for the boys, trying to entice them.  Trouble is, those young bucks wouldn't know what to do with it if they caught one anyway.  Most of these girls are dead horny most of the time."

"Did you ever want to lay a hand on any of them though?" he insisted.

"Yes, but you can't do that - it's too dangerous."

"Now's your chance then. They're all under hypnosis and they'll never know what's happened after the afternoon's over, and even if they told someone, who'd believe them? Who believes in hypnosis these days?  Come on, which ones would you like to play with?"

I looked at the nineteen teenage schoolgirls standing there motionless and thought about this situation.  My god I was tempted, but what if I was reported?  I'd go to jail that's for sure, or at the very least lose my job in the teaching service. While I was humming and hawing, Steve decided to hold auditions.

He walked up to the first girl, a sixteen year old blonde called Kylie (what else?).  He walked around her, looking her up and down, paying special attention to her tits, arse, legs and face. He lifted up her skirt so that the hem was under her tits and her panties were visible from the crotch to the waistband.  I had seen those panties several times before, because Kylie was a cock-teaser of the first order. She liked to sit in the front row with her legs apart so she could tease me by flashing her crotch. But I had never seen so much of her before.  Steve reached up and undid two buttons of her white blouse and put a hand inside. He started feeling her well-formed tits with one hand and rubbing her cunt outside her panties with the other.

"You are under my power, and you must answer my questions truthfully. Are you a virgin?" he asked her.

"No," she answered in a sleepy monotone.

"How long ago were you first fucked?"

"A year ago."

"Who was it who took your virginity?"

"Neil MacKay, the boy who lives next door."

"So far so good," he said to me, "she's getting aroused by me feeling her."  Returning to Kylie he asked, "Was it good?"

"No, they tied me up and raped me. It hurt."

"You said 'they tied you up'.  Who tied you up and raped you?"

"Neil, my two older brothers and Jerry Alvey from down the street."

"This one sounds very promising, John, just a couple more questions then we'll get onto the next one. Have you ever enjoyed sex?"

"Yes, lots of times."

"How many cocks have been up you?" A long pause followed.

"Fifty seven different ones.  Most several times."  Steve told me that under hypnosis you can often recall the most minute details unerringly.  This would seem to prove it.  Counting out 57 cocks like that was an impressive achievement.  Perhaps she could be called "Heinz" (57 varieties, get it?)

"That's a lot of sex in a year.  How has that come about?"

"My brothers and Neil let their friends fuck me each afternoon after school."
"Fine, are you on the pill?"

"Yes."

"Are you having your period?"

"No."

"Go and stand over there and wait.  Strip your panties off and put them on John's desk.  Then hold your skirt up under your chin so we can see your pussy properly."

As she went to the corner of the room and stripped her panties off, Steve told me she would have some interesting stories to tell, especially under hypnosis, where every little detail could be retold.

"We've got to sort them all out - we can only fuck non-virgins who are on the pill and who aren't having their period."

"What about the others?" I asked.

"They can suck our cocks or show us their cunts or something while we fuck the others.  We might even let them suck some of the boys off just for fun.  You get started on those ones and I'll sort these out.  But get a move on, we don't want to waste all our time talking, we want to get into the fucking, don't you think?"

Steve put half the girls under my power and went to work on the others.  It was very scary for me, thinking about the potential consequences of doing this, but I was so horny at the chance to get some of these cock-teasing sluts I dismissed the dangers and approached Jenny Frith, one of the prettiest girls in the class.  She was an athlete, swimmer, netball representative, etc and was therefore in great shape and very fit.  I didn't think she had much time for boys, with all her training but was pleasantly surprised when I started to question her.

"Jenny, you are in my power. You will answer all my questions truthfully and fully. Is that right?" I asked her, voice trembling slightly with the excitement of the moment.

"Yes, sir."

"Jenny, are you a virgin?"

"No sir."

I lifted up her skirt and stared at her prominent mound, gift wrapped in her regulation blue cotton school panties.  I had admired that pudenda for years as she took part in swimming carnivals and athletic meets.  "How long ago were you first fucked?"

"Eight years ago."  Jesus! That meant she was only eight when her cherry was busted.  I ran my left hand all over her panties, feeling her arse and cuntlips through the thin cotton fabric as I reached into her blouse with my other hand.

"Who was it who took your virginity?"

"Reverend Thomas."  No emotion showed in any of her answers.  Plenty showed in my questions, though.  Reverend Thomas was the senior Sunday school teacher in our parish.

"Has he fucked you again since?"

"Yes, lots of times."  I could feel a trace of moisture in her crotch as she recalled the incidents and was instantly aroused.  My right hand felt her left nipple harden.

"Did you enjoy it your first time?"
"Yes."

"How did it come about?"

"I was one of the virgin sacrifices at the Sunday school camp."

"How many were there?"

"Seven."

"Don't you still go to those camps as a chaperon?"

"Yes, I'm a senior worshipper and I help with the ceremonies as Reverend Thomas's personal assistant."  Fuck! They must be fun camps!  And the dirty Reverend must be still at it with the Sunday school girls.  I wanted to know more about these camps later on!

"How many cocks have been up you then?"

"Twelve."

"Are you on the pill?"

"Yes."

"Are you having your period?"

"No".

"Then go to the corner with Kylie, and stand with your skirt pulled up under your chin so we can see your panties."

She scampered over to the other side of the room and I adjusted my stiff cock in my pants.

By the time we'd questioned all the girls, we had six girls having a period, two more not on the pill and three who were still virgins. (Three out of nineteen sixteen year olds were virgins!  Bloody different from our day, I thought.)  That meant eleven cunts we couldn't fuck, and seven we could.  Also, we'd found out that Reverend Thomas had a good thing going with the Sunday School.  A third of the girls in the class had been deflowered by the dirty bastard, and so had half the girls in the district.  His orgies were apparently something of a feature of the sexual awakening of dozens of girls over the past seventeen years since he came to the district from outback Queensland - and they were still going on.  I though I might go and check out this preacher and perhaps become a Sunday school teacher myself.  From what I knew he'd have to let me in or I'd blow the whistle on him.

Steve seemed to know exactly what to do next.

"Have you done this before?" I asked him.

"Yeah, lots of times.  I organise these things for lots of people - companies, sports teams, charities, schools.  You'd  be amazed at how many depraved individuals there are in the world.  I get a lot of managing directors  want me to fix them up with the whole typing pool, or company social club presidents wanting to liven up the annual ski trip.  I have a lot of fun on harbour cruises, when a top salesman wants to get his big shot prospective customer to shoot his cock up a secretary or two so he can get pictures and blackmail him.  Once I even had a famous football coach get me to set up a party with his team, so he could fuck and suck them all.  Anyway, on with the show.  Get those virgins and the two silly girls not on the pill over here and let's see what they're like."

We lined the five girls up at the front of the classroom.  I looked around the room and thought this classroom would never be the same again for me. Just looking at the walls would give me a hard-on from now on. I saw the seven girls waiting with their skirts lifted up, cunts juicing up ready to be fucked and nearly came in my pants.

"These cunts can't be fucked," Steve told me, "but that doesn't mean they can't join in the action.  For a start, let's get them naked."

I reached for Maureen's blouse and started unbuttoning it.  I kissed her on the mouth as her white blouse landed on the floor.  She was totally unresponsive, and I was a bit disappointed.

"They won't respond to you at all until I tell them to.  If I'd known you wanted to waste time with all that mushy stuff instead of getting your fucking rocks off in them I'd have organised it." Steve commented. "Do you want me to switch her on to you?"

"No, it's ok.  I'll get into her mouth later on." I replied, and started undoing her white lacy bra.  It fell to the floor, and I fondled her large firm tits.  Her nipples were stiff, giving away her state of arousal.

Then I undid the button and zip on her skirt and it fell to the floor as well. Finally, I slipped my thumbs into the waistband of her panties and pulled them down her legs.  I ran my hands over her firm rounded arse, and slipped my fingers between her juicy puffy cuntlips.  I felt up her cunthole and found her hymen, wet but unbroken.  At the same time I pushed my finger up her arsehole and thought she'd had something large up there before today, based on the way she clamped her hole on my finger.  Never mind, if I can't fuck her, at least I can have some fun with her.

I stood her with her legs nice and wide apart and went on to Sandra.  Sandra had said she wasn't a virgin, but wasn't on the pill. Why she hadn't got pregnant puzzled me, because she was a sexy tart, forever teasing the boys in the playground.  I couldn't wait in her case, so I lifted her skirt up and shoved my hands straight into her tight panties.

Sandra's cunt was sopping wet with excitement and it was totally hairless.  The fucking slut was shaving it!  And yet she wasn't on the pill.  I asked her why and she told me because she had an IUD.

I pulled her panties down to her ankles and slipped three fingers up her creamy twat.  She moaned and moved her feet further apart to give me better access to her genitals.

"Fuck, Steve, this one's a hot one. She's eager to get fucked.  Look at her bald cunt!" I exclaimed.  I stripped off her skirt and then as Steve let his current interest go and came over to look into Sandra's dripping wet slit I turned my attention to getting her blouse off and removing her bra.  

She had tiny tits, with enormous nipples.  In fact she was almost completely flat chested, but that didn't seem to hold her back at all  because when I touched her tits she started cumming with a loud moan, and her cunt squeezed Steve's four fingers which were now distending her fuckchannel widely.

"You're fucking right, John," he said, "this bloody slut almost made it through the net didn't she?  She certainly is ripe for a good rollicking.  Send her over with those other cunts there."

I dismissed her for the moment, and turned my attention to the other girls in the 'not-to-be-fucked' group.

When we had them all naked, Steve suggested we have a taste test of the five girls who weren't bleeding. That sounded a good idea to me, so we lay the girls on their backs across a couple of desks with their legs in the air.  We had the girls who were on the rag hold the others' cuntlips open and we started to lap at the delicious teenage slits arrayed for us.

It was a wonderful experience for me, moving my mouth from one wet sloppy cunt to another, being able to compare the flavour and smell of one schoolgirl with another.  You know they don't taste the same. Some girls are saltier than others, some girls are wetter than others, but all these girls tasted heavenly to me!

All too soon the hypnotised schoolgirls started cumming on our tongues and fingers and it was time to move on to the other group.

We left this group lying on the desks with their legs apart and in the air so we could look up their creaming virgin twats as we busied ourselves with the other cunts.

We lined the eight girls up in a row at the front of the class, their skirts still held up high. Staring hard at the pantied crotches in front of us, we took off all our clothes and then walked along the line, rubbing our cocks over the girls and feeling their sexy young bodies with our hands.

I pushed my hand down into their panties and slipped my finger into their squishy cunts to see who was the wettest, and who had shaved her cunt.  I looked at their faces and down their fronts to see what their tits were really like inside those pretty lacy bras.

I finally chose Sandra, because I had really decided I wanted to root her anyway as soon as I saw she had shaved her fifteen year old slit.  Steve chose Karen, a well rounded blonde with big firm tits and a nicely trimmed bush on her cunt.

Steve took his time stripping the panties, blouse and bra off Karen, leaving her skirt pulled up around her waist.

We arranged our girls on the floor, spread wide apart, the way I like to see a girl, then I had Kylie come and suck my cock while we set up the rest of the girls.

We had the girls take off their blouses and bras, so their tits were out on show for us.  Then we made the girls rub their chests together, so the firm little bubbies bounced around and made the nipples stand up nice and hard.  Next they were made to pull their panties down to their knees.  I think a girl, especially a young girl, looks dirtier with her panties pulled down to her knees rather than taken off altogether, don't you think?

Any case, then we arranged them squatting by the heads of Sandra and Karen so we could reach their dirty slits with our mouths or hands while we were rooting our hypnotised teenagers.

I had just about decided to set to and fuck my cock up the patiently waiting Sandra when I had a great idea.

"Listen, Steve, I've just had an idea.  I don't think it's fair that those girls who've got the curse should miss out on all the fun. That little bastard Phillip Liddy over there has been giving me a hard time all year, so why don't we have him suck their cunts and arseholes while we're fucking these bitches?"
"Oooh Jesus, are you sure you hate him that much?" Steve didn't seem too sure about that.  But fuck him, he mightn't ever know what he'd done, but I would and that would make all the difference next time he's objectionable in class.

"Yes, I'm sure, and while you're about it, have him fuck his arsehole with that coke bottle.  That should make a good sight, don't you think?"

So Steve issued the commands and Phillip obeyed meekly.  He stripped off his pants, spread his arsecheeks apart while I stuffed the neck of the coke bottle up his hole and he started to lick and suck the bleeding reeking cunts in front of him.  He crouched down, the bottle on the floor and bounced up and down on it, fucking himself as though he was a closet gay and experienced in the arts of bum fucking.

Then Steve had another great idea.

"These bitches are going to be more fun to fuck if they're awake, don't you think?  The trouble is, I can't wake them up fully or the whole afternoon will turn into tears for everyone.  What if I suggest to them that we're their favourite rock stars, and they're dirty hookers hired to fuck their brains out?  When they wake up they'll still be dirty as fuck, and they'll give us more action that way."

"Sounds good to me, and you could also add some spice to the fun by having Jenny here tell us all about that Sunday school camp."

And so it was that I lay down on top of one of my schoolgirls, sliding my throbbing cock up her tight wet cunt as she imagined she was a four-hundred dollar a time prostitute screwing Jon Bon Jovi for the night.  I reached out with my right hand and fingered the juicy twat of Christine Barton, the upper crust society girl who was too good to talk to the rest of the class,fingered Melissa Anderson's arsehole with my left hand, and licked at Jenny Frith's hairless labia as she held them open and as I fucked my heart out Jenny told us her story.

It seems the Reverend Thomas has been running a sort of occult witches coven for some time, under the guise of a Sunday school camp.  He convinces the impressionable young girls that his cock is the embodiment of christ and they should worship it and drink the fluids that issue from it. Furthermore, he also tells them that the other cocks around the camp are those of the disciples and they should be worshipped as well.

Each camp there's a sacrifice ceremony, where a girl surrenders her virginity to 'christ'.  Jenny was eight and one of seven sacrifices when her turn came around.  She was put on the altar naked, told to spread her legs and remain like that no matter what happened - it would be a test of her devotion to see if she could remain open for the whole ceremony.
 
Next, everyone in the room filed past, said an incantation and felt her little slit, each person pushing their fingers further into her until she was well lubricated and aroused.

The last one to finger her was the Reverend himself, dressed in robes and a mask, just like the cheap Hollywood movies.  

When he'd had a nice long feel of the eight year old's cunt, he called on six of the senior girls, the Senior Worshippers, to climb up and squat over her so their hairless pussies were only inches from the sacrifice's body. (The Reverend made the girls shave all the hair off their body as a mark of their devotion). These 'Senior Worshippers' wore only a very short white pleated skirt - nothing else, not even makeup - which did nothing to cover their bodies. The skirt was so short it didn't even cover up their pussies. Rather it served to draw attention to their pure clean complexions, firm lithe bodies and hairless moist genitalia.

Again intoning a blasphemous incantation, he reached up into the cunthole of the first girl and pulled out a condom she'd been storing up there.  It was a part of the Senior Worshipper's duty to collect three loads of cum from different men in a single condom and keep them in her twat for a week before the ceremony.  This is a task that's easier said than done, because if a condom slips off and spills some of the spunk it doesn't count and she has to start all over again.  And not just any man will stick his fat prick into a used condom either, even though most will seriously consider sticking it into a used cunt.  So most times the girls collect the spunk from the Reverend and his friends the weekend before the camp, or from one of the teenage orgy parties held down at the beach most summer weekends.

So the Reverend pulled out this condom filled with sperm and tipped it onto the waiting sacrifice.  The Senior Worshippers smeared it over the youngster's body, including into her slit.  She climbed off the altar and he pulled another condom out of the next girl. The same thing happened again, and again until all six filled condoms were emptied on the hapless virgin.

By the time the  Reverend Thomas was poised in a press up position above the girl, she was a slippery sticky mess and her cunt was well and truly wet, with her own arousal and all the sperm that had been pushed into her.

Then two of the girls held her cunt wide open and another reached between the Reverend's hairy legs, gripping his fat cock with one hand and his balls with the other.

Slowly, he lowered himself and his cock found its way up Jenny's tiny cunt, bursting her hymen and advancing until it was buried in her to the root.  While the Senior Worshippers played with the Reverend's balls and arsehole, he fingered their slits and fucked the sacrificial virgin's tight cunt.

After he shot his cum up her, the Reverend pulled his cock out, all covered in virgin's blood and spunk, and the six girls rushed to lick and suck it clean.

Then the 'disciples' also got to 'initiate' the new convert in a similar manner.  The ceremony was over after all the men had got their rocks off up the freshly opened cunt of the eight year old girl - in Jenny's case that was six fucks that night.

Then the new girl was taken away by the seniors, washed and put to bed, while a general orgy followed for everyone else.  Jenny said there was one of these ceremonies every night of the week-long camp, and by the time the camp was over she was a full and willing participant in the orgies.

I shot my cum up Sandra's cunthole as Jenny told me she could make me a priest in the Sunday school if I wanted, but I'd have to talk to the Reverend Thomas first.
Jenny asked me if I'd contribute some spunk into her condom for the next camp in a couple of weeks, and I told her she'd have to wait after school for some 'coaching' when we could get better acquainted. 

"Jesus, Steve, this is fun.  Did you spunk up her yet?"  I asked as my cock started to wilt, but not my interest.
Steve was humping into his girl with all his strength, grunting each time his pelvic bond landed on her mound.

"Yeah, I'm cumming into her now!!!!" he gasped and his whole body stiffened.  He pushed his cock as far up her spasming twat as he could as his cock exploded, pouring his sperm into her.

We pulled our dripping cocks out of the teenage schoolgirls and made the other girls lick and suck them clean.  With three girls slobbering over my prick, my balls and my arsehole and another, whose tongue resembled a squirming eel in my mouth, kissing me, my cock stood up hard and proud in no time.

This time, Steve and I sat on chairs, while a girl stood on each side of us offering us their cunts to fondle.  I had the pretty fifteen year old Maureen Fitch standing astride my rigid dick as Shelley Plummer held Maureen's twat open and guided my cock into the juicing fuckhole as she descended onto my lap.  I commanded Shelley to fix her mouth to my cock and balls as I fucked Maureen's teenage slit. Steve was into a similar scene just next to me, his fingers stuffed up his schoolgirl slut's arsehole as he fucked her.  He slobbered over her tits as Kylie told her story ...



---------------



She had been swimming in the pool at her house.  She was quite well developed with the full ripe tits and nicely rounded body of the fit fifteen year-old she was.  She liked the way she looked and thought her body was quite sexy.  She secretly liked to show it off to the boys, and wore her favourite speedos today - a black lycra one-piece that was cut high over the hip, emphasising her prominent pussy-mound, almost backless, and cut quite low in front so that her small cleavage was starting to appear.  

The boys all thought she was pretty and were always trying to get into her pants, but she was forever telling them she was 'saving it for her one true love.' and would never do anything more than let them feel her a little and once she jerked a guy off in the back row of the movies.  She thought of herself as a 'good girl' and didn't want to 'get a reputation'.

Unfortunately, boys being boys, she was getting a reputation anyway.  Each time she spurned a boy's amorous advances, he told his friends all the 'details' the next day and it was generally assumed she was a 'good screw'.

On the day in question, she was swimming laps in the pool before going to do her homework.  Her mother was out for the afternoon at a Mothers' Union meeting so she was alone in the house.

At least that's what she thought.  As she was in the middle of a turn at the end of a lap she noticed the boys standing at the other end of the pool watching her.  Sheswam to their end and popped her head up.

"Hi, Neil, Terry, Darren, Simon. How're you going?"

"Gidday Kylie," answered Neil, "are you finished your swim now?"

"Nearly.  Have you guys come over for a swim too?"

"No," said Darren, "we came to watch you."

"Yeah," Terry added, "you look great.  We like those swimmers of yours, don't we boys?"

They all guffawed at this, Simon chipping in that they'd look better empty.  More laughter.

"Come and have a cold drink, Kylie," Neil invited her, holding out a bottle of icy coke.

"Don't mind if I do," she said and climbed out of the pool.  The boys eyed her legs and crotch as she walked across the concrete apron towards the table where they were all sitting.  Kylie was rather fond of Neil, and thought he was a 'bit of a spunk', so she sat down next to him.  He put his arm round her and pulled her close to him.

They talked about the events of the day for a while, like for example how the headmaster had made a fool of himself by getting the bible reading wrong in assembly that morning, and how Garry Jenkins had been punished for breaking the windows in the science lab.

Then Neil stuck his tongue into Kylie's ear.

"Hey!" she squawked, "don't do that in front of all the others!"

"Why not, aren't I good enough for you Kylie?" Neil protested.

"It's not that, it's just that you shouldn't lick me out here and in front of the others."

"Why not, they're nearly adults, just like us, they know what it's all about, don't you boys."

This comment was met with a chorus of agreement.

Neil continued, "We've all heard what great tits you've got, Kylie and we want to see them.  Get them out for us."

"Yeah, show us your tits, show us your tits," chanted Simon her little brother.

Kylie was outraged and  stormed off towards the house, intending to lock herself in her room until the boys had gone, then dob Simon and Darren in to her mother when she came home.  She'd enjoy seeing them punished for letting Neil make such rude suggestions to her.  

Strangely though, she felt a queer itch in her crotch, just like when she was necking at the pictures, when Neil had told her to show off her tits, but she dismissed it and fled in high dudgeon.

She never made it to the house however.  Neil and Darren caught her, grabbed her arms and dragged her into the middle of the lawn next to the pool.  She screamed and fought but they overpowered her, saying it was no use making all that noise, because no-one was going to hear. The neighbours were all at work and their parents weren't due home for hours yet.

Neil and Darren held her firmly between them as Terry stood in  front of her and said,

"You've been a proper bitch for a long time now, letting all the boys in school into your pants, but not Neil and me. You're a hot little fuck for everyone else, but not for us. Why's that?  What have those guys all got that we haven't?"

"I haven't let ..." Kylie started to protest, but Terry spat in her face.

"SHUT UP SLUT!!!" he shouted at her. "You'll shut up until I tell you to talk, understand?  Now I want you to show us all your tits.  Are you going to do that by yourself or do we have to do it for you?"

"FUCK OFF!" Kylie blurted out at him with all the venom she could muster. "Why don't you go and jerk off into the pool like you normally do!?"

Terry slapped her.  Hard.

"I can see she's not going to co-operate boys, we'll have to persuade her," Neil decided. "Darren, you pull her straps down and show us her tits then."

Darren, eager as fuck to see the girl's privates grabbed roughly at her swimsuit and pulled the top down.  Kylie's cute little tits popped out to be pulled and twisted by the horny boys.  

"Fuck, she hasn't got that much, has she?" said Simon, who was something of a connoisseur of tit flesh.

"No," agreed Neil, "but they're fucking perfect though.  Look how the nipples are sticking out.  I reckon this young cock teaser's getting horny, don't you?"

"Fuck you guys, don't waste time playing with the bitch's tits," Darren chipped in, "you can see tits any time you like. I want to get a look at her fucking cunt."  And with that he yanked Kylie's swimsuit down to her knees, giving the lusty teenagers their first lookat her fresh, virgin cunt.

They gasped in awe at the sight, never really expecting to get this far, and while Kylie was struggling and fighting with them, she was actually getting excited as well. Her pussy was starting to moisten and the blood was beginning to engorge her young cuntlips.

Simon, unable to contain himself at the sight of his sister's cunt after all his years of fantasising about her every night, put his hand between her legs and drilled his finger up her slippery twat.

"Fuck guys, she's getting wet.  I think the slut's enjoying this," he announced.  "Let's get her secure then we can all have some fun on her."

They forced her to the ground while Simon and Darren produced four wooden stakes, a hammer and some rope.  While Neil and Terry held Kylie down, both of them fingering her slit trying to whip her into a state of animal lust, Darren and Simon pounded the stakes into the ground.  They tied the struggling schoolgirl to the stakes so that her limbs were stretched out to the point where if she tried to move she hurt her shoulders or hips.

Once she was finally tied down, the four boys stood back to admire their handiwork.  Kylie let loose a stream of obscene invective at them that would have made a sailor raise his eyebrows.

"Well, do you hear that," interrupted Neil, "the girl knows all about cocks and fucking, she talks just like a fucking hooker doesn't she?  Let's all get naked and have some fun."

So the four teenagers all stripped their clothes off, throwing them onto the lawn on top of Kylie's discarded swimsuit and argued about who would be first to fuck her.  They eventually settled on tossing a coin for her, and Neil won.

Before anyone could come up with another idea, he pounced onto the trussed up captive schoolgirl and rammed his cock into her until it hit her cherry.  Kylie screamed with the pain as her cunt felt like it was on fire.

"Fuck woman, that hurt!  Are you trying to break my cock or something?!" he shouted in her ear.

"No, please, I'm not that kind of girl.  I don't let boys have sex with me, I'm a virgin. Don't, please," she pleaded desperately, trying to get him to stop before it was too late, "if you let me go now I won't say anything to anyone, I promise.  Just don't rape me, please."

"A virgin!! Jesus what a find, Darren, why didn't you tell me she was a virgin," said Neil as he pounded his cock against the hapless teenager's straining maidenhead.

"I didn't know.  I was sure she'd been fucking every boy in the school," Kylie's elder brother protested.

"Well she's going to fuck these boys today anyway," said Terry, stroking his bursting prick, "and we might just arrange for some of the boys from school who've been denied access to this little cunt to have a go on her too, don't you think?"

"You can let anyone you like fuck her, just so long as I get a good crack at her each time," Simon said, anxious that this scheme of his might be just getting out of hand.  It was his idea to get these boys to fuck his sister, so he could get a fuck in the process, but it seemed to be going much further and faster than he'd thought.  Still, if it meant he'dbe getting sex regularly perhaps it wouldn't be so bad.

Suddenly, Kylie let out a loud piercing scream as Neil's cock burst her cherry and slid into her cuntchannel to the hilt. Kylie gasped loudly as her vagina expanded to accommodate its huge new occupant.  Kylie had never felt a sensation so painful yet so exquisitely pleasant.

As Neil paused to get his breath back, Simon said, "Hold on, wait till I get the camera, we can take some pictures of her getting her first fuck, and we can show the guys at school."

Kylie protested vehemently, but staked to the ground like she was, there was nothing she could do about it.  Neil lay on top of her, his cock soaking in her virginal blood and cunt juice, and kissed her.  His tongue snaked into her mouth and explored the fresh territory.  Kissing was one thing Kylie was well experienced at, and she started to respond to him quickly. After all, he might be raping her, but he  was still a hunk, and he knew how to kiss too.

By the time Kylie's naked little brother arrived back with the camera, his hard cock bobbing up and down as he ran, Kylie and Neil were starting to breathe heavily and Neil was fucking his cock vigorously into Kylie's cunt.

Simon moved around the rutting couple, snapping pictures from all angles.

"Make sure you get plenty of pictures of Kylie's face but don't show the ropes or the stakes.  We want it to look like she was willing and enthusiastic in case we need to use the pictures later," Darren suggested.  "And don't show Neil's face either, we don't want any comebacks do we."

At this point, Kylie knew she was well and truly stitched up.  Her two brothers and their friends had made sure they could fuck her any time they liked, and if she caused any trouble they could just say she wanted to be fucked, and in fact she liked it.  They could make her out to be a proper slut if they wanted to.  She suddenly became very despondent and gave up caring about the rock hard prick that at that very moment was pounding at her insides, preparing to coat her vagina with its first dose of hot sticky sperm.

"Yeah!! Take this bitch, now you're really getting fucked!" Neil yelled at her as he thrust his cock into her cunt as hard as he could, then let his balls explode into her. His cum burst out of the red piss slit on the end of his cock and filled her cunthole.  It oozed back up Kylie's cunt and seeped out of her and onto his balls.

"Hey, let me get a picture of her cunt all cummy like that!" said Simon.

Neil pulled his cock out of Kylie's spasming cunt and cum spread out over her cuntlips.  Simon set the camera up so that the picture would show Kylie lying on the lawn, legs widespread, cum all over her cunt.

Then they each had a turn on her. Next came Terry, shoving his cock up her without even touching it with his hands, then her two brothers Darren and Simon.  By the time they had all fucked her, her whole crotch was a cummy spunky mess, and Simon make sure he got some pictures of that too.



After all four of them had cum up Kylie's teenage cunt, they sat on the grass where they could see up her and drank a few beers that Darren had pinched out of the bar fridge, and discussed what they were going to do now, and how they were going to make sure that Kylie didn't cause any trouble.  Kylie was still staked out on the ground and they talked about her as though she wasn't there.

"How are we going to get the pictures developed?" Simon asked.

Terry had the answer to that. "Leave that to me.  I've got a friend who works at one of those one hour photo processing shops, and he'll develop them for us in the lunch hour. He did it for me once before when I took some pictures of my girlfriend fucking herself with a bottle. He did it, but he insisted that he get to watch her do it next time.   We can get him to do it, but he'll want to be paid."

"He can have a fuck if he likes," was Darren's suggestion. "Kylie won't mind if he stuffs his prick up her juicy little slot, will you little sister?"

Kylie didn't answer, seeing the futility of objecting to anything in the circumstances.
"That's done then," said Terry, "I'll take the film round to him tomorrow and invite him over here tomorrow afternoon. You'll be home, won't you Kylie?"

Kylie shook her head, thinking she'd never be coming home again if this was going to keep up.

"Of course she will," said Simon.  "I'll be coming home with her, and if she tries to go anywhere else, we'll show mum and dad the pictures and tell her we got them from a boy at school.  We'll say she's been screwing all the boys for ages, and she's generally regarded as the fucking school bike.  We'll make her look like a fucking whore, and we'll be the concerned little brothers - real goody-goodies.  That would be a great joke wouldn't it, Kylie."

Kylie, still looking very fetching tied spreadeagled and naked on the grass started to sob.

"So, you'll be here this time tomorrow for some more fun won't you, Kylie?" said Neil.

Kylie nodded her head meekly, not believing that her two brothers could have done such a terrible thing to her.  She was now trapped into a situation where these boys could do anything they liked to her and she couldn't object. As she realised that she was now their sex slave, she also noticed something else - she was becoming aroused.  Her cunt was juicing up even more and her nipples were hardening.  The boys noticed it too.

"Hey, the fucking slut's getting turned on," Darren observed. "Look at her tits.  I think she likes us playing with her.  Is that right cunt? I don't care whether you like it or not, you look horny to me and I want another fuck."

Darren knelt between his sister's outstretched legs and fingered her creamy cuntslit. With his other hand he played with his cock, making sure it was nice and hard.   He fell forward and stuffed his cock up Kylie's hole and fucked her leisurely as the other boys looked on.  Their cocks were rising with the sight of Darren and Kylie fucking on the lawn, and as soon as Darren shot his spunk up his sister's hole, Neil pulled him off the girl and jumped on her himself.

For another hour the four boys fucked Kylie's cunt over and over, eventually running out of cum about half an hour before Kylie's mother was due to come home.

They untied Kylie from the stakes, and Simon put the ropes back in the garden shed.  They pulled the stakes out of the ground and filled the holes with dirt, and apart from a slight indentation in the grass where Kylie had been pounded into it for so long, there was no visible sign of the afternoon's activities.

"She's a bit dirty, don't you think?" asked Terry. "Don't you think she needs a bit of a clean up?" 

They all agreed and, each holding one of Terry's limbs and stretching her out between them again, they swung her and tossed Kylie naked into the pool.  Laughing at her, they tossed her black lycra swimsuit in after her and left.

Kylie stayed in the pool for quite a while, eventually pulling her swimmers on again in case her mother came home and saw her naked.  That would only mean a lot of awkward questions that she wasn't sure she was ready to answer yet.  Eventually she got out of the pool, dried herself, and went into her room where she lay on her  bed thinking about everything that had happened.

To her surprise, as she recalled the way Neil's cock had surged up her cunthole after the pain of busting her cherry, she started to get aroused again.

Her nipples stood out from her tits again, and her newly opened cunt started to juice.  Kylie felt the unmistakable urging of sexual arousal once more and started to fondle her body.  Soon, she peeled off her swimmers and was naked once more.

She lay on her bed, spread her legs wide so that her cunt gaped, and started to feel her pussy lips.  The cuntjuice bubbled up from the depths of her genitals and her clit stood up hard and proud, just like a little tiny cock.  Her fingers began probing her cuntslit, just like she'd done many times before, but somehow that wasn't enough any more.  She needed something up her beaten bloody vagina to get her off. 

Kylie looked around the room and couldn't see anything she could use, so she quickly put her swimsuit back on and dashed to the kitchen.  She found a large bottle of coke in the fridge and took it back to her room.

Shutting and locking the door, her heart was beating like an african tomtom and her hands were shaking with excitement. Quickly, she put the bottle on the bed and pulled her swimsuit off her shoulders and down her slender legs.  She stood naked again beside her bed and looked at the huge cold coke bottle.

Kylie moved her bed slightly so she could look at herself in the mirror on her wardrobe door as she lay back on her bed and spread her legs as wide apart as she could.  She watched herself pull her cunt open and display her inner secrets to an imaginary man, when suddenly she noticed that this time, for the first time in a couple of years of putting on erotic shows for herself, her imaginary audience was not a single man, but a whole group of teenage schoolboys, all leering at her and pulling their cocks.  

In her mind, the boys all started to shoot their spunk over her as she took hold of the giant size coke bottle and slowly eased it into her freshly opened cunt.  The coolness of it soothed the throbbing she felt after her solid fucking andshe pulled her cuntlips around as she looked at herself in the mirror.

What Kylie didn't realise was that her brothers were also watching her through the peepholes they'd drilled a couple of months ago after they'd heard her moaning as she masturbated one night. She didn't know they watched her most days as she undressed and as she masturbated.

The two boys were both standing on stools so that they could see into the holes they'd made over the top of Kylie's wardrobe, and they had their cocks out of their jeans and they were masturbating as they watched.  From this angle, it was almost as though Kylie was putting on a filthy show for them.  Darren reached for Simon's cock and gently wrapped his hands around it. Simon took his brother's lead and reached for Darren's cock.

Kylie, meanwhile was getting bolder with her imaginary audience.  (She would have been surprised if she'd have learnt that her audience wasn't as imaginary as she thought!) She got up from her position on her back and knelt on the bed.  She spread her knees as wide as she could without hurting herself, positioned the bottle under her cunt, and slowly sat back until her arsecheeks were touching her heels. In this position the bottle was stuffed right up her cunt until it started to hurt her.  She wasn't able to do this before her cherry was so forcefully taken by Neil, and suddenly Kylie stopped regretting her lost maidenhead.

Gingerly, Kylie moved up and down, fucking herself on the chilled neck of the coke bottle, gradually getting more and more vigorous as her cunt expanded to accommodate the fuck tool.  She pulled on the lips of her cunt and rubbed her little clitoris so hard the watching boys thought it must surely hurt her.

Eyeing her cunt in the mirror, Kylie bounced up and down on the bottle, and pulled hard on her nipples - so  hard it hurt.  In her imagination, the group of schoolboys cheered and catcalled at her, pulling on their cocks furiously.  On the other side of the wall, Darren and Simon pulled on each others' cock furiously.  The whole group of dirty teenagers, real and imaginary were approaching their orgasms together.

The first to cum was Simon, the youngest, who shot his sperm all over the wall, closely followed by Kylie. The imaginary group shot cum over Kylie simultaneously and the last to orgasm was Darren, but only by a few seconds.

The boys quickly hopped down off their stools and wiped their spunk off the wall before they were caught, while Kylie, blissfully unaware she had been watched relaxed on her bed, the bottle still up her cunthole.

Now that their sister had been fucked, and they had some evidence to prove she was screwing anyone and everyone, they knew they had her right where they wanted her.  She was going to be their slave, to fuck them and whoever they wanted her to, any time they said.  Things were definitely going to be more fun around here from now on, they knew.

Kylie was also coming to the realisation that things were actually going to be more fun.  She was starting to see that she actually enjoyed being under the control of her brothers.  She certainly liked the feel of the cocks in her cunt, and being able to fuck so many boys in one go was rather fun as well.  She'd been tied up and raped and that was a realbummer, but not as bad as she would have thought, because the feeling of powerlessness really turned her on when she came to analyse it.  She knew if her brothers were there she wouldn't actually be hurt, so perhaps she would enjoy being used by them after all.

Kylie pulled on a t-shirt and tiny short skirt, leaving off her panties and bra and sat down at her desk to start her homework.



---------------


The next afternoon, Kylie came home from school with her brother Simon in close company.  He wasn't about to give her a chance to run away and ruin all their plans for the afternoon.  Simon didn't know that Kylie was almost subconsciously looking forward to being soundly fucked and abused and wouldn't have escaped anyway.  But he stuck close by anyway.  They sat in the back seat of the school bus and Simon kept whispering in her ear all the things they were going to do to her and she sat in silence as he made his obscene suggestions.  Kylie's cunt was sloppy and throbbing by the time they finally got off the bus. 

When they arrived home, Simon checked that their mother was out and was glad to see her note saying she'd be home at six o'clock.

"Well, Kylie, that means we have two whole hours together.  Why don't you suck me off while we wait for Darren to get here?"

"Fuck off, creep," Kylie exploded.  "If you think I'm going to be your private little sex slave just because you think you've got blackmail evidence you're sadly mistaken."  

As she stormed off into her bedroom, Simon laughed and called to her, "You'll see, a sex slave is exactly what you're going to be!"

He ran straight to his room, got out his stool and fixed his eye to the peephole above Kylie's wardrobe.  As he pulled his cock out and started to pull on it, he watched his sister unbutton her blouse and throw it onto the bed.  Then she took off her little bra.  She didn't really need one, her tits were firm and well proportioned but she wore it in case one of the teachers started looking down her front at her tits.  Then she carefully lowered the zip on the side of her pleated school skirt, and stepped out of it, and finally pulled her panties down her lovely young legs, and kicked them under her bed.

Simon watched excitedly as his teenage sister pulled on a short t-shirt and tiny cheerleader's skirt and lay on her bed to read a book.  This outfit left most of her midriff bare and showed her legs off to perfection.  As she lay on the bed reading, she absently swung her legs about giving him a splendid eyeful of her newly shaved naked cunt, juicy and wet from the dirty talk on the bus.  The book must have been a dirty book, because as she read, her hand wandered to her slit and she started fingering herself.  Soon she couldn't hold back and got a fat candle from her bedside drawer.  She stuffed it up her cunthole and let it soak up her cuntjuices as she read the sexy book.

Simon shot his spunk over the wall yet again as he watched his sister fuck herself, and he just hoped his brother would hurry up so they could get into her again.

About fifteen minutes after Simon and Kylie made it home, Simon heard a car in the driveway and he saw Darren in an old Holden with two men.  

Simon ran to Kylie's bedroom and knocked on the door.

"Kylie, someone's here to see you," he called out.  "Come out and see who it is."

The knock on the door snapped Kylie out of her pleasant interlude, and she leapt off her bed, stashed the porno book back behind the bookcase and slipped on a pair of white panties.  She was a bit disappointed she hadn't had a chance to cum, but never mind, it would be all the better when she got back to it.

When she reached the kitchen, Kylie stopped dead in her tracks, because she was confronted with four totally naked males, their cocks rigid and pointing towards the ceiling.  Two of the cocks belonged to her  brothers and the other two  belonged to two middle-aged men she'd never seen before.  All four of them were handling their pricks and looking at her with lust in their eyes.

"You were fucking right Darren my boy, she is a fucking cracker!" said the taller of the two strangers. "She's going to feel great on the end of my prick."

Kylie spun round and started towards the door at a run, but they were too fast for her.  The four of them grabbed her and roughly dragged her outside beside the pool, the scene of the previous day's debauchery.  In the process she was groped in all the exciting places that were yearning to be groped after her session with the porno book.  Her tits were manipulated and her arse and cunt were probed, and the cocks rubbed her everywhere.

The men and boys pulled her out onto the lawn, and just like the previous day, she was tied spreadeagled to stakes driven into the ground.  This time though she wasn't stripped naked, just her panties were pulled down her legs and stuffed into her mouth to stop her yelling at her captors.

When Kylie was safely secured on the ground, open vulnerable and immobile, one of the men, who she later found out was called Benny, lifted up her skirt and fingered her creamy slit.

"She's got a fucking lovely little cunt," he declared, licking his lips at the sight.  "I can't wait to fill it up with my fuckslime," he said as he lowered his face to the gaping wet hairless cunt.  Kylie struggled against the ropes holding her down as the naked man she didn't know put his face between her legs and started tonguing her slit.  As he licked her cuntslit, he pulled on his rampant cock, getting it hard and ready for her.

Meanwhile, the three others were sitting around on chairs, jerking their pricks watching the scene and adding ribald comments at Kylie's predicament.  It wasn't all bad news for Kylie however, because shortly after she felt the tongue in her split for the first time, she started cumming and kept cumming for the rest of the afternoon.

"Who's gonna fuck the whore first?" asked Darren.

"I think he should," Simon said, indicating their guest who wasn't at that time slurping on his sister's pussy. "After all he did develop all those pictures for us, didn't he.  He ought to get his payment before Kylie's holes get all messy and sloppy don't you think?"

The other pervert lifted his head from Kylie's cunt and said he liked that idea, and he wanted to go last. He liked stirring his cock around in a freshly fucked cunt that was full of other guys' sperm.

The deal was settled and the two teenage boys and Benny pulled up chairs and sat down to watch the show.  

The other guy walked over to his fuckpartner and stood over her, looking down and leering as he played with his cock.  He pulled her t-shirt up so it exposed her little tits then knelt between her legs, studying her creaming twat. He pressed his fingers up her, pulled them out, sniffed them and shoved them into her mouth to suck clean.

Satisfied that she was wet enough so that it would be comfortable for him as he fucked her, he lay on top of Kylie and with his free hand he guided his huge rigid dick into her.  As his knob wormed its way up her cunt, he grinned at the orgasming schoolgirl and said,

"Hi, I'm Jack.  It's good to fuck you.  Now take my cock and make the spunk shoot from it, whore!"

Kylie was pleased to at least know the name of the man who was so deliciously raping her, and came again.  

Jack fucked her a few strokes then pulled his cock out of her, moved up and pressed the great organ into her mouth. Kylie was surprised, but so turned on she just opened her mouth and started sucking. She thought the taste of his prick and her cuntjuice was an absolute delicacy, so she sucked for all she was worth.

After a brief head job, Jack pulled his cock out of her throat - much to Kylie's annoyance - and sat down on her belly, nestling his cock between her teenage tits.

"I think I'll have a nice leisurely titfuck now," he said as he gathered her breasts and pressed them together around his cock. He held them and fucked his slippery prick in the valley between her mounds, eventually grunting and shooting his semen over Kylie's face, tits and hair.  His cum stained her t-shirt, gathered under her chin and spread all over her young chest.  Then he gave the cumming fifteen year old his cock to suck clean, which she did with relish.

"Hey Darren, this cunt sister of yours is a real slut.  She's really enjoying being our slave, aren't you whore!"  and he stood up and rejoined his friends, leaving Kylie staked out on the lawn all covered in spunk.

It was Darren's turn next and he stuffed his cock straight up his sister's cunt and fucked his brains out in her.  It took her clinging young cunt no time at all to suck the spunk out of him and he shot his cum into her, splashing it around her cervix.

Learning from Jack, however, he pulled his still cumming cock out of his sister's cunt and smearing a trail of spunk up her body he pushed his still stiff dick into her mouth and made her suck and lick it until he spunked into her mouth again.  She was really getting into the idea of being a total slut now and swallowed his sperm completely, not losing so much as a drop.  She knew now that she was born to be a whore and a slut, and now that her brothers were screwing her that made it even more spicy.
Darren pulled his cock out of her mouth and wiped it in her hair, then invited his younger brother to fuck Kylie. 

Like Darren, Simon plunged his cock into Kylie's cunt and fucked her royally, his cock stirring Darren's spunk around, coating the walls of her pussy and his cock and balls with their brother's semen.  When he spunked up her, it oozed out and ran down into her arsehole. Simon also made his fifteen year old sister suck him off, swallow his spunk and he too wiped his cock clean on her hair.

Then it was Benny's turn.  He put his dirty perverted face back into Kylie's crack and sucked on the streaming spermy cunt and licked her arsehole clean.  Then he climbed on, fucked his cock up her spunk-filled vagina and rubbed his chest in the spunk smeared over her tits.

After he spunked, the others all had another turn on her each.   Simon wanted Kylie to suck him off again, and Darren suggested they both get into her together.  He fucked his sister while she sucked Simon's dick.  Kylie was in heaven. Being made to be such a trashy slut meant no-one could accuse her of anything.  She could be free with her body and there'd be no comebacks. She loved it!

For the rest of the afternoon they took turns lying on top of the spread teenage schoolgirl and soaking their cocks in her cunt.   While they waited for their turn on her, they played cards and drank some beer Simon pinched from his father's liquor cabinet.

It was nearly five o'clock when Jack came up with the idea that they should all jerk off on her face, to see if they could completely cover her in sperm. They gathered around, knelt beside her head and masturbated until their cum shot over the captive schoolgirl's face and into her hair. 

Benny thought she looked filthy after that and said she should be cleaned up.  The others looked a bit surprised, because they had no idea that he was in the least bit concerned about Kylie's well being - that was until he pointed his prick at her and started pissing on her.

The hot yellow stream of fluid gushed over her, into her nose and mouth and down her body. It flowed in a tiny river between her tits and down her belly, running between her cuntlips and onto the grass.

The others thought that was a great idea and gathered around.  They also pissed on the girl, Simon scoring the best direct hit on her cunthole.

Then it was time to pack up. Darren took Jack and Benny back inside the house to get their clothes on and see them off the premises, and Simon knelt beside his older sister and looked down at her.  He fingered her pissy, spermy slit as he talked to her.

"You rather like all this, don't you?"

Kylie nodded.

"Would you like to be our slave all the time?  You could fuck us and our friends often. It would be a lot of fun."

Kylie nodded again.

And so she became their sexual plaything. When Darren came back after seeing Jack and Benny off, he found Kylie untied and on her kneessucking Simon's cock.

"Kylie says she wants to be our slave, to do whatever we say, fuck whoever we say and be just as dirty as we tell her to be," Simon told him.

They took her into the bathroom and watched while she showered and fucked her cunt with the shampoo bottle.  Next they took her to her bedroom and each fucked her cunt once more.

When their mother arrived home, everything was normal once more - or at least so she thought.  She didn't know that her innocent daughter was wearing no panties, or that her cunt was filled with two loads of her son's spunk and a dozen grapes (put there for a midnight feast by Darren), and she didn't know that her sons were making up a list of the boys at school - and a few of the teachers - they were planning to rent their sister's cunt out to for their afternoon sex sessions.

By the time Steve and I had our turn up Kylie's cunt just a year later, she'd  been part of the sex education of a large number of schoolboys and had paid for quite a few of her brothers debts with her body.  As she told us, she'd been fucked by fifty seven cocks, and of course her brothers were fucking all her holes nearly every night.

Kylie would regularly sneak into her brothers beds after her parents were asleep to have a midnight orgy with them or to put on a dirty masturbation show while they wanked each other off.  Within a year they had a large collection of pornographic pictures, all processed by Jack and paid for with Kylie's cunt.

I made a point of finding out which classes Darren and Simon were in so I could ensure I was invited to the afternoon orgies.

---------------

Then, all too soon it was time for the class to end, when we all had to get dressed again and return the class to normal.

While the girls were getting dressed, Steve asked me who were my favourites in the class. I thought carefully and decided I liked Kylie or course, Sandra, the slut with the sloppy cunt and the IUD, Jenny, the senior at the sunday school camp, and lovely Maureen Fitch, the prettiest girl in the class.

Steve said, "Well you've been a great friend to me, and we've had lots of fun today.  As thanks for letting me play with these young girls, I'm going to give you a gift.  Before I snap them all out of their hypnotic state, I'm going to leave a suggestion buried deep in their subconscious.  You will be able to trigger it any time you like by just speaking a phrase into their ear and they'll instantly return to the state they're in at the moment. You'll be able to get a fuck or a blow job or even set up an orgy any time you want. Would you like that?"

"Fucking stupid question! Of course I would.  Thanks a lot! What phrase would I have to use?"

"Well you can use any phrase you like, but you don't want it to turn up accidentally in ordinary day to day life, so you wouldn't use something like 'open your text books', but you also wouldn't like it to be misunderstood if someone else heard you saying it.  So you wouldn't use 'show me your cunt'."

"I get it," I replied, heart throbbing with the thoughts that were racing through my brain.  "What about 'Do you enjoy stakes in the afternoon?'  Would that work?"

"I think so.  That's very witty." So Steve implanted the suggestion in the schoolgirls subconscious, we checked up their skirts and down their fronts that they were all properly dressed, put the boys and girls back in their seats and snapped his fingers.

They all instantly continued their protests that hypnotism was all a load of bullshit, just as they had at the start of the class so long ago.  Four of the girls, who had sperm squishing around in their cunts were quieter than the others, perhaps wondering why they were so wet in the crotch.

The bell rang and the class emptied.  As everyone filed out I called to Sandra to wait behind for a few minutes.

She stood in front of me, eyes looking like the innocent she'd always seemed to me.

"Yes, sir?"

"What are you planning to do this afternoon, Sandra?" I asked her.

"I'm just going to go home and do my homework, then I'm going to meet my boyfriend. We're going to the movies tonight," she said.

"Do you enjoy stakes in the afternoon?" I asked, and instantly she got the glassy look in her eyes that they'd all had earlier on.  "Fucking fantastic!" I exclaimed to Steve who was watching on, beaming.  "Can I give her instructions and then snap her out of it?   Like, can I have her come up to my flat this afternoon?"

"Of course.  She'll do anything you tell her to, provided it doesn't clash with her basic values.  So for instance you couldn't make her commit a murder or something, but she's already a sexy little cunt, and she's been waiting for someone to take command of her and fuck the daylights out of her.  Go to it!"

I gave Sandra the instructions, told her where to be and when, and then I peeled her panties off and put them in my pocket.  I'd sniff them in the car on the way home to remind me of what was to come.  I snapped my fingers and she woke up immediately.

"Is that all, sir?" she asked and I replied that it was, thank you.

"See you later." I called to her as she bounded out of the room to join her school friends.

Steve and I picked up our bags and walked out of the classroom together.

"You must come on one of my harbour cruises one day," he said with a wry grin on his face.

"I'd love to.  Sounds like fun."

"Fun's not the word for it!" he replied ... ...









--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....