The following material was prepared and distributed by Bernadine
Smith of the Second Amendment Committee, P.O. Box 1776, Hanford,
CA 93232, telephone (209) 584-5209.

                 ************************

            DO YOU WANT TO KNOW WHY PUBLIC OFFICIALS
             ARE VOTING TO TAKE AWAY YOUR FIREARMS?

If you want to know why, go to your local library, no matter
where you live in the United States.  Tell the librarian to show
you where the United States Code books are shelved.  There are
25 books in the set.  They are reddish-brown in color.  They are
printed by the Government Printing Office in Washington, DC.
These hard-covered books are printed every 8-10 years.  They are
updated with annual soft-back supplements each year until a new
hard-cover issue comes out.  At the present time the 1988
hardbacks are on library shelves.

OPEN VOLUME 9.  The page numbers are in the center near the
middle binding.  The section numbers are along the edges.

TURN TO PAGE 651.  Here you will find Public Law 87-297 which
calls for the United States to eliminate its armed forces.  This
law was signed for the United States in 1961.  John F. Kennedy
signed it and every president since has worked to enact its
provisions.  The government knows you will not approve which is
why they want to take away your firearms.  (This is Title 22 USC
section 2551)

TURN TO PAGE 652.  Here you will find the definition of what the
government means by "disarmament."  The disarmament calls for
the elimination of our armed forces.  It also calls for the
elimination of weapons of all kinds.  (This is Title 22 USC 2552
(a)).

TURN TO PAGE 654.  Here you will find it stated as item (a)
"control, reduction and elimination of armed forces..."  and as
Item (d) "...Elimination of armed forces...".  What you need to
know is that your armed forces are being eliminated from
national control which, in turn, wipes out our sovereignty as a
nation.  In two stages, we will have no more army, no more navy,
no more air force.  In the third stage, we shall have a "zero"
military.  Before Stage I closes, all citizen owned guns will be
banned.  (This is Title 22 USC Section 2571 (a).

Public Law 87-297 is further explained in the State Department
Document, called Publication 7277.  Your librarian can also
furnish you a copy.  Ask the librarian to get you a copy of "The
Blue Print for the Peace Race."  It is a 35 page booklet printed
by the United States Arms Control and Disarmament Agency as
Publication No. 4 - General Series 3 - Released May, 1962.
Publication No. 4 is the unabridged version of State Department
Document 7277.

Both of these booklets explain how our military is to be reduced
to 2.1 million men.  China and the Soviets are to be reduced to
that level also.  At this point, we are at Stage I at which time
we are to transfer (on a permanent basis) one-half of our armed
forces to be merged with the Russian and Chinese armies.  In
Stage II the remaining one-half of our armed forces is then
turned over to this same Security Council of the United Nations.
 The person in charge of the merged armies must, by agreement,
always be a Russian.  The world's smaller nations turn 100% of
their armies over to the same under-secretary of the Security
Council in Stage II.  President George Bush and Admiral Wm. J.
Crowe [have refered] to this process as being "in transition."

TURN TO PAGE 655.  On this page in Volume 9 of the United States
Code, read "Policy Formation."  The directives there (written in
1963 to pacify objectors) are supposedly to restrain anyone from
disarmament, reducing or limiting our armaments, or taking guns
away from the people unless it is pursuant to the treaty-making
power of the president, or if it is authorized by further
legislation by the Congress. (This is title 22, Section 2573.)

Every couple of years the House of Representatives votes to
appropriate funds for this on-going program.  Since P.L. 87-297
was first passed into law in 1961, there have been 18 updates to
it - all bad - with no deletions of these issues I lay before
you now.  The Congress knows that the plan includes the policing
of the United States by foreign troops.  (The world army they
are forming.)  The Congress is allowing our military bases to be
closed down, except for those which will be used by the world
army.  You will find that plan in Publication 7277 and in "The
Blueprint for the Peace Race."

If the president and Congress can promote a "Constitutional
Convention" you will find yourself with two new constitutions
(communist in structure) which in one states in Article VIII,
Section 12: "No person shall bear arms or possess lethal weapons
except the police and members of the armed forces...."  The
Congress has praised these documents and is on record in Senate
hearings seeking ways to install these constitutions.  Ask your
librarian for "Revision of the United Nations Charter - Hearings
Before a Subcommittee (Foreign Relations) Feb. 2-20, 1950 U.S.
Government Printing Office."  Nothing has changed since.  They
are still viable.
