                  The Role of Firearms


    Firearms stand next in importance to the Constitution itself.


    They are the American people's liberty teeth and keystone under independence.  The church, the plow, the prairie wagon and the citizen's firearm are indelibly related.


    From the hour the Pilgrims landed, to the present day, events, occurences, and tendencies prove that to insure peace, security, and happiness, the rifle and pistol are equally indespensable.


    Every corner of this land knows firearms, and more than 99 99/100 percent of them by their silence indicate they are in safe and sane hands.


The very atmosphere of firearms, anywhere and everywhere restrains evil interference - they deserve a place of honor with all that's good.

        WHEN FIREARMS GO, ALL GOES - WE NEED THEM EVERY HOUR.
                                        -President George Washington
                                         address to the Second Session
                                         First United States Congress


    It was very clear what President Washington had in mind when he wrote that last passage.  In his time they had fought a revolutionary war, in his time they had vast frontiers, in his time they had dangerous outlaws, in his time they had a new government that needed to be kept safe.
    We know very well that he had no foresight and couldn't see our time.  All the reasons we don't need guns, and all the reasons we do.  In our time we have highly urbanized cities full of people of every social, ethnic and moral standings, in our time we have huge gangs and drug dealers, in our age we have riots and chaos in the streets, in our time we have natural disasters capable of wiping out whole cities, in our time we have at times an uncertain government.
    I believe that what he said has the same meaning and impact today as it did yesterday, different time, sometimes different circumstances but same need.
    Our Constitution and the rights there-in were under constant attack from day one.  I know that our right to bear arms still is a need even in today's society, especially in today's society.  Most people won't agree, they think that because technology has increased along with the standard of living since the drawing up of this amendment, we no longer have a need for something like this.  Guns have kept this nation free, guns have also protected our citizen's lives since before the birth of this nation, both of which our first Congress took into consideration and understood.  I do feel that we need firearms in our society.  The police are not always going to be by our side, number one, its not their job, and number two, they simply are unable to.  We the people from time to time will need the security and protection of a firearm, although society has made flying leaps progress wise, it has not changed human nature or the free agency to choose from right and wrong.  There, since the birth of man have been violent opposition between good and evil, the innocent have and always will need some form of protection.
    Through the judicial system through the past years we see how our nation has set its standards on the Second Amendment.  The first Supreme Court ruling occurred in 1876.  Chief Justice Morrison R. Waite said the right "of bearing arms for a lawful purpose is not a right granted by the Constitution , nor is it any manner dependent upon that instament for its existence"  The case (U.S. v. Cruishank) establish two principles: First, the Second Amendment does not afford an individual right to bear arms (as distinct from an individual's participation in a collective body of a militia), second, the Second Amendment is not legally "incorporated"-that is, does not apply to the states through the due process and equal protection clause of the 14th Amendment.  Since the Second Amendment is not incorporated the judgement is left up to the state and any infringement of the right is not a federal offense.  Most of our Amendments are incorporated, and their word protected by federal law.  Why hasn't this Amendment been incorporated?  Why when the Second Amendment clearly states "the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed", well surprise!  It seems that according to our Congress, bearing the objects that keep us free, and upholding our fore-father's wishes is not needed.  According to them freedom isn't important.
    It's a fact if you let someone step on you once they will undoubtedly do it again.  The erosion to one amendment will inevitably lead to others.  We cannot allow something like this to happen, without risking future infringements on our rights, possibly in the near future.


                                                -Ezra Child













*Gun Control is being able to hit your target!!

