            Why You Should Be Part of the
       North Carolina State Defense  Militia.

The North Carolina State Defense Militia (NCSDM) is a 
uniformed militia organization established by law and 
charged with supplementing or replacing the National Guard 
in state emergencies.  Its commander-in-chief is the
Governor, who exercises control over the
NCSDM, Army National Guard, and Air National Guard through 
the Adjutant General of North Carolina.

Unlike the National Guard, which has a federal mobilization 
assignment in times of national emergency, the NCSDM is a 
community-based force which remains at home to meet local 
emergency needs.  The importance of effective militia 
organizations is recognized by the Department of Defense, 
which is actively encouraging all states to establish 
programs similar to ours in North Carolina.

            How is the NCSDM Organized?
The North Carolina State Defense Militia is organized into 
Military Police units.  Small, cadre sized detachments, 
composed of officers and enlisted men and women, are 
authorized for each Army National Guard armory in the state.  
Should the National Guard be mobilized into federal service, 
local militia units would be expanded with present members 
acting as the nucleus to train new citizen-soldier members.

           What Uniform Does the NCSDM  Wear?
Militia members wear a uniform similar to that worn by the 
Army National Guard and the U. S. Army.  In place of the 
standard camouflage, the militia uniform is tiger striped in 
design.  The headwear is a brown beret with the "flash" of 
the member's regiment.  Standard combat boots and webbed 
belt round out the uniform.  Each member furnishes his or 
her uniform at no cost to the taxpayer.

           What's In It for Me?
Men and women join the NCSDM for many reasons, but most 
participate out of a desire to make a meaningful 
contribution to the security of their county and state.  
Many members are individuals with prior military experience 
who, despite their civilian commitments, enjoy being able to 
use and share the skills they gained through previous 
training and experience.

No funds are provided for drills, but militia members may be 
compensated at standard military pay rates if called to 
active duty by the Governor for service during emergencies 
such as hurricanes, floods, or tornadoes.
NCSDM members participate in meaningful training activities.  
Most units drill one day per month, and are encouraged to 
conduct other special training.  Members are encouraged to 
develop their military education.

           Who Can Join?
N. C. Militia membership is open to men and women between 
the ages of 18 and 60 who are of good moral character.  
Prior military experience isn't necessary, but individuals 
with previous active duty, reserve, or National Guard 
experience have skills which are particularly valuable to 
militia units.

Membership in the NCSDM is not available to those who 
currently serve in the U. S. Armed Forces or any reserve 
component, but individuals who have completed their federal 
obligation--including those in a retired status--are 
eligible to join.

           Interested?

       Call 1-800-231-4627
Or call First Lieutenant Jack Holsomback
            (919) 542-5447
        9 Roberson Creek Estates
        P. O. Box 573
        Pittsboro, N. C. 27312
