
Computer underground Digest    Sun  Sep 6, 1998   Volume 10 : Issue 49
                           ISSN  1004-042X

       Editor: Jim Thomas (cudigest@sun.soci.niu.edu)
       News Editor: Gordon Meyer (gmeyer@sun.soci.niu.edu)
       Archivist: Brendan Kehoe
       Shadow Master: Stanton McCandlish
       Shadow-Archivists: Dan Carosone / Paul Southworth
                          Ralph Sims / Jyrki Kuoppala
                          Ian Dickinson
       Field Agent Extraordinaire:   David Smith
       Cu Digest Homepage: http://www.soci.niu.edu/~cudigest

CONTENTS, #10.49 (Sun, Sep 6, 1998)

File 1--Child-porn Fighters Bust Internet Ring
File 2--Paedophiles and the Police State (fwd)
File 3--REVIEW: "Watch Me", A. J. Hoyt
File 4--REVIEW: "The Jericho Iteration", Allen Steele
File 5--REVIEW: "Time Bomb 2000", Edward Yourdon/Jennifer Yourdon
File 6--REVIEW: "RISKS-FORUM Digest", Peter G. Neumann
File 7--HAIKU ERROR MESSAGES] (fwd)
File 8--Cu Digest Header Info (unchanged since 25 Apr, 1998)

CuD ADMINISTRATIVE, EDITORIAL, AND SUBSCRIPTION INFORMATION ApPEARS IN
THE CONCLUDING FILE AT THE END OF EACH ISSUE.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Date: Sat, 5 Sep 1998 23:40:36 -0500
From: jthomas@SUN.SOCI.NIU.EDU(Jim Thomas)
Subject: File 1--Child-porn Fighters Bust Internet Ring

CHILD-PORN FIGHTERS BUST INTERNET RING
SOURCE: Chicago Tribune (3 Sept '98, p. 3)
By Naftali Bendavid, Washington Bureau.

   The Wonderland Club's international membership is disturbingly
exclusive.

   Applicants must be sponsored by a member, be computer literate
to communicate with other club members--and must have at least
10,000 photographs of child pornography.

   In what was termed the biggest child pornography bust ever, the
Customs Service announced Wednesday it was breaking up the
Wonderland Club. More than 100 warrants were issued in 12
countries the day before, including 32 in the U.S., and arrests
continued through Wednesday.

   "They trade in the most vile child pornography imaginable, over
the Internet," said Customs Commissioner Raymond Kelly in
announcing the raids.

.................

   Even in the abnormal world of child pornography, the Wonderland
Club stood out. It had members in 14 countries, mostly in Western
Europe, and sprawled across 22 states in the U.S., mostly in small
towns or rural areas, according to law enforcement officials.

   The ring used a secret, highly restricted Internet chat room.
It was set up in an area of cyberspace known as Internet Relay
Chat, which allows discussion groups to carry on in complete
anonymity and therefore to have graphic or incriminating
discussions.

   Secrecy was at a premium within the club, said customs
officials. Members used an encryption system invented by the
Soviet KGB to scramble its transmissions and make them harder to
detect.

....................

   The raids occurred in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Britain,
Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Norway, Portugal, Sweden and the
United States.


   Agents did not go undercover or surreptitiously join the
pornography club as part of their investigation. Rather, they used
computer sleuthing methods that are rapidly becoming vital.

   By watching the Internet activity around the chat room, agents
determined the computer identities of the suspects.

   Then they traced them through an electronic maze to figure out
their actual identities.

   "Agents tracked these people through cyberspace as they hid
behind Internet providers, servers, and screen names," Kelly said.

.....................

------------------------------

Date: Sat, 5 Sep 1998 12:13:45 -0700 (PDT)
From: Jim Thomas <jthomas@well.com>
Subject: File 2--Paedophiles and the Police State (fwd)

SOURCE: The Well (well.com) via Bruce Sterling


eff.847: Italian Cyberspace

eff.847.14: Bruce Sterling (bruces)  Sat 5 Sep 98 08:56



 Kidporn Kidporn Kidporn *8-(

 Date--Sun, 02 Sep 2001 14:51:08 +0200
 To--nettime-l@Desk.nl
 From--Luther Blissett <tom9351@iperbole.bologna.it>
 Subject--<nettime> Paedophiles and the Police State

 A Luther Blissett press release
 Bologna, September 4th, 1998

 PAEDOPHILES AND THE POLICE STATE
 or: the ignominious end of liberal-democratic lies

 It is difficult to speak when you're surrounded by hysteria,
 superficiality and ignorance, criticisms are published in invisible
 paragraphs, and District Attorneys choose psychological terrorism and
 seize the computers of the suspects (often preventing these people from
 doing their jobs) though they know that a back-up of the hard-discs would
 be enough.

 The mega-raid against the 'Internet paedophiles' is the umpteenth,
 tragical farce. "Paedophilia" is a mere excuse for slandering the Internet
 as a horizontal, easy-accessible medium. As Franco Carlini writes on
 today's edition of *Il Manifesto* daily paper: 'The ignorance of the media
 people (especially the Italian ones) magnifies anything that happens on
 the Internet (mostly good things, sometimes very bad ones, just like in
 real life), as though journalists stirred up a scandal because drug
 dealers call each other on the phone'.

 Naples' deputy DA Diego Marmo says that paedophilia is 'today's principal
 emergency', parallels paedophilia to the Mob and talks about a sort of
 international 'Paedophile Party'.

 Well, we presume that the situation in most of the raided towns and
 countries is similar to that here in Emilia-Romagna, where the 'suspects'
 are: - Two 20-year-olds who visited 'dodgy' pornographic websites. Their
 computers and 'dodgy' diskettes have been seized by the DA office. - A
 retailer who brought some rolls of film to a photography shop. The
 photographer developed the films and called the police. The police seized
 some photographs of the retailer's 3-year-old daughter in the nude, and
 pressed charges against the man. The local papers don't say much else. It
 is more than just to be suspicious, because the investigating magistrate
 is Lucia Musti.

 It is absolutely normal [especially in latin countries] that parents take
 photographs of their little sons and daughters playing on the beach or
 taking a bath! Do you really think that child porn traffickers develop
 their films at common photography shops?

 These are some devastating consequences of the new, absurd act on child
 pornography, whose text could not be more ambiguous. Is the innocent
 photograph of a child in the nude illegal? And what about a naked adult
 besides the naked child, in a chaste, non-sexual situation? And the
 picture of a father carrying his naked baby in his arms?

 It is a stupid emergency act that was written and passed on the wave of
 moral panic. Far from solving the problem of child abuse, the act is going
 to create further moral panic. It is also a liberticide law that violates
 privacy. We're shooting ahead towards becoming a police state.

 We expect the police to seize our computers for having written this
 release. We even expect to be arrested for having written *Lasciate che i
 bimbi*.

 The Luther Blissett Project - Bologna

 The Luther Blissett Mythopoetic On-line Guide:
 http://www.geocities.com/Area51/Rampart/6812

 ---
 #  distributed via nettime-l : no commercial use without permission
 #  <nettime> is a closed moderated mailinglist for net criticism,
 #  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
 #  more info: majordomo@desk.nl and "info nettime-l" in the msg body
 #  URL: http://www.desk.nl/~nettime/  contact: nettime-owner@desk.nl

------------------------------

Date: Mon, 17 Aug 1998 10:32:22 -0800
From: "Rob Slade, doting grandpa of Ryan and Trevor" <rslade@sprint.ca>
Subject: File 3--REVIEW: "Watch Me", A. J. Hoyt

BKWTCHME.RVW   980704

"Watch Me", A. J. Hoyt, 1995, 0-312-95997-4, U$6.99/C$8.99
%A   A. J. Hoyt
%C   175 Fifth Ave., New York, NY   10010
%D   1995
%G   0-312-95997-4
%I   St. Martin's Press
%O   U$6.99/C$8.99 212-674-5151 josephrinaldi@stmartins.com
%P   370 p.
%T   "Watch Me"

Everything I know about hacking and law enforcement I learned from
thriller novels.

When you want to find out who made a (direct dialled, non-800, caller
pays) call, look up the *recipients* billing information.  URLs
(Uniform Resource Locators) and Usenet newsgroup names have no
particular format as long as you use lots of periods.  Gopher is a
security tool.  All serial killers are computer experts.  Serial
killers are trusting enough to give intimate and incriminating
information to anonymous strangers, as long as they seem to like
violence.  Internet MUDs (Multiple User Domains) are pretty much all
graphically based.  The best way to store an online session is on a
standard VCR.  A few people who work for the government can get into
pretty much any commercial computer system or network, but the rest
don't even know how to turn the machines on.  Former law enforcement
agents who have advance warning that a violent killer is tracking them
take absolutely no precautions at home.  Only serial killers look for
trapdoors in programs.  All credit card transactions are posted
immediately.  With one of the most long term and profligate serial
killers of recent memory, assign the case to a retired agent with no
status or resources on an unofficial basis.  If you can break in to a
bank or other highly secured system, leave your connection live for
several days or weeks.  It is easier to hack the local telephone
company system than to check smoke shops for an identifiable brand of
pipe tobacco.  You can tell who owns a modem by breaking into the
local telephone company system.  Computers generate faxes that can be
sent to someone via modem after they have been printed in hardcopy.

One of the venues for a short scene in the book is Vancouver, and the
trip is presented in a fashion that can only bemuse natives.  Vistas
are described that can't be seen because of intervening stands of
trees, neighborhoods are misplaced, and houses are set wrong way round
on hillsides.  The technical material in the book seems to be like
that as well: depicted either from a faulty memory or poorly
understood reference sources and promotional literature.

Thrillers are not noted for character development, but it is
singularly lacking in this book.  While deep, dark past traumas are
hinted at, they are too oblique to make the central figure's
deterioration convincing.  As we delve deeper into the lead villain's
past we find no revelations, just a vicious cipher as far back as can
be found.  (In fact the book contradicts itself, implying both a loss
of memory, and remembrances that arise from beyond that point.)  There
is a subtext about violence towards women by men, but it is simply
allowed to dangle as a useless appendage to the story.  In the end,
gratuitous violence wins out, which sort of negates the subtext,
wouldn't you say?

copyright Robert M. Slade, 1998   BKWTCHME.RVW   980704

------------------------------

Date: Tue, 4 Aug 1998 18:18:49 -0800
From: "Rob Slade, doting grandpa of Ryan and Trevor" <rslade@sprint.ca>
Subject: File 4--REVIEW: "The Jericho Iteration", Allen Steele

BKJRCHIT.RVW   980519

"The Jericho Iteration", Allen Steele, 1994, 0-441-00271-4,
U$5.50/C$6.99
%A   Allen Steele
%C   200 Madison Avenue, New York, NY  10016
%D   1994
%G   0-441-00271-4
%I   Ace/Berkley/Boulevard/Charter/Diamond/Jove Books
%O   U$5.50/C$6.99 +1-800-788-6262 online@penguin.com
%P   279 p.
%T   "The Jericho Iteration"

It's rather amazing how little science there is in science fiction,
sometimes.  Even in stories of the "near future," such as this one,
technology takes a very distant backseat to politics and plotting.
Which is probably as it should be, but it does make you wonder why
it's called science fiction.

Well, let's get rid of the plot first.  Lone individual against the
mighty forces, conspiracy of the elite plotting to overthrow the last
bastion of democracy, and a rogue program takes over the defence
forces and uses force against the defenders.  However, the rogue isn't
the bad guy.

Steele does give us some technology.  I purely love his
personal/palmtop/vest pocket computer/personal digital assistant.
Given the advances in time and technology, it seems just a little bit
shy on memory and storage space, but we'll let that ride.  Having both
keyboard and voice command is undoubtedly the way to go, for reasons
very similar to those in the book.  Of course, the author does not
seem to realize that you can track any cell phone, as long as it is
on, to a very close area.  Also, nobody seems to have done much work
on encryption over the next few years.  Lastly, I don't think much of
the disk format.  I suspect about 7 cm is about as small as you can
get before people start losing the disks, which would be an annoyance.
Human factors, doncha know.  (And CD-ROMs are already optical disks.)

I'm glad to see that email is tagged as the way to get the word out
fast and far.  However, the expert geeks involved in the story don't
seem to have fully cottoned on to the fact that you can send partial
info if you're short of time, and you can set up systems to send
automatically.  The tension in the climactic scene as our intrepid
heroes are facing the end is somewhat reduced when the reader keeps on
thinking "just use chron, OK?"

But, of course, my real interest is in the iteration of the title.  A
repeating, self-reproducing program.  In other words, a virus.  Well,
they have to be other words, if you want to be pedantic about it.  The
virus in the book is p1 all over again (cf. BKADOLP1.RVW), a fairly
classic Shoch and Hupp type segmented worm program.  And, like p1, the
bigger it gets, the smarter it gets, until it becomes self-aware.

Now, there are a couple of points here.  This is the classically
mythical "just-wave-the-disk-near-the-computer-and-it-gets-infected"
type virus.  For those of us who have been battling the "Good Times"
hoax for years, I can't be overjoyed about this idea.  (Of course,
just as we have started to get people to realize that you can't get
infected just by reading email, Microsoft comes along and fixes that
bug, so I really can't argue too strenuously against it.  Never
underestimate the stupidity, and cupidity, of large software vendors.)
But it avoids detection, elimination, and access control by dealing
with the "source code" of security programs.  Repeat after me: once
it's compiled, it's object code.  Source code doesn't matter, and
isn't kept with the executables.  Of course, if it could find, and
associate, the source code with the target executable, that would give
you a leg up on disassembly.

But a virus cannot be undetectable.  And, in fact, this one isn't.
Early on in the game a fairly simple file management program, with no
particular special features, is able to detect the virus, and infected
programs.  So how come it is so hard to detect?  Hard to eliminate I
might grant you, but it certainly seems to be easy to find.

copyright Robert M. Slade, 1998   BKJRCHIT.RVW   980519

------------------------------

Date: Wed, 12 Aug 1998 11:13:24 -0800
From: "Rob Slade, doting grandpa of Ryan and Trevor" <rslade@sprint.ca>
Subject: File 5--REVIEW: "Time Bomb 2000", Edward Yourdon/Jennifer Yourdon

BKTMBM2K.RVW   980531

"Time Bomb 2000", Edward Yourdon/Jennifer Yourdon, 1998,
0-13-095284-2, U$19.95/C$27.95
%A   Edward Yourdon
%A   Jennifer Yourdon
%C   One Lake St., Upper Saddle River, NJ   07458
%D   1998
%G   0-13-095284-2
%I   Prentice Hall
%O   U$19.95/C$27.95 201-236-7139 fax: 201-236-7131
%P   416 p.
%T   "Time Bomb 2000: What the Year 2000 Computer Crisis Means to You"

It doesn't take long to figure out which Saturday morning is being
referred to in the Preface.  And one of the common failures suggested
by pundits after December 31, 1999, is that of phone service.  As the
outage extends to a decade, however, one begins to wonder how
realistic this book is going to be.  For one thing, loss of dial tone
is much less likely than billing errors, and the most likely errors
would be failure to bill for those calls taking place as midnight
(switch time) strikes.  However, the introduction goes on to point out
that the subtitle is much more appropriate to this book: it is
addressed to the non-technical audience, rather than those charged
with fixing the problem.  A bit of overstatement can therefore be
forgiven.  It is odd, though, that so many of the examples used refer
to large infrastructures: what *could* the normal citizen do if faced
with a region wide water outage?

Chapter one introduces the concepts of risk management and planning,
and stresses the relative time elements to plan for.  However, one of
the central statements is that we simply do not know what is going to
happen, and that makes planning rather difficult.  There are some
general suggestions (for example, that most disruptions will be of
days, rather than weeks, duration), but even these are questionable.
One specific recommendation, for instance, is that stockpiling a
month's supply of food in a city apartment might be difficult, so
maybe you should go visit friends in the country for a month.  I'm not
sure what assumption this is based on, but if food distribution is
interrupted, it might be more likely that emergency food provision
would be concentrated in population centres.  The consequences to
employment are reviewed in chapter two, which ultimately suggests only
one course of action: have a nest egg on hand.  The scenario is
alarming, but also possibly unduly optimistic, since it repeatedly
suggests planning for a year out of work.  Using the book's own
figures, and fairly simple arithmetic, the average time out of work
would appear to be four years.  The discussion of utility disruption,
in chapter three, is vague and offers little in the way of practical
suggestions.  Interconnected failures are not emphasized (gas furnaces
fail as soon as electrical thermostats shut down) and food stockpiling
is probably not realistic (how many foods require no refrigeration for
storage and no heating for preparation?)

Given the heavy business emphasis in other areas, it is odd to note
that the concern for transportation is limited to personal travel in
chapter four.  While a sudden transition to telecommuting would have a
major effect on business (and be impossible for some), the failure of
shipping is much more serious.  Chapter five's assessment of the
banking industry could be responsible for a run on the banks, itself.
(The advice to keep hardcopy of all transactions in the months
preceding and following December 31, 1999 is very good.)  The problems
of the advice regarding food in chapter six have already been
addressed, since the material basically repeats, in more detail, what
has already been said elsewhere.  Home computer problems are really
only looked at in terms of business use of PCs in chapter seven.  I am
rather interested to note that the Internet does not get a mention
either in regard to personal computers or in relation to news and
information in chapter eight.  The overview of medical care, in
chapter nine, is solid, careful, and useful.

While I agree that government is one of the largest, and most tardy,
potential victims of Y2K, chapter ten is shortsighted in seeing it
only as a provider of cheques.  As with much of the rest of the book,
the information in this section is US-centric, although similar
concepts apply elsewhere.  Chapter eleven reviews embedded computers,
but only broadens the scope of what could happen in other areas.  This
material should probably have been included earlier in the general
discussion of the problem.  Education, as all too often, seems to be a
bit of an afterthought, but some important points are made in the
relatively short chapter twelve.  Chapter thirteen notes that
communication is an obvious target, and so most likely to be
adequately addressed by the deadline.  That is good, since the book
gives no realistic advice for fallback positions.  (A cell phone will
be just as dead as a land line if all the switches are down, and is
much more likely to have problems in the handset.)

Despite the many shortcomings of the book, I do feel that it should be
read and considered by a good many people.  The books and articles
currently extent concentrate on the problem and necessary solutions
from a systems and technical perspective.  There is a need for some
consideration about personal actions that can be taken to ameliorate
potential problems.  Hopefully this discussion can have some
rationality behind it: producing a run on the banks or dry soup mix in
December '99 will help nobody.

copyright Robert M. Slade, 1998   BKTMBM2K.RVW   980531

------------------------------

Date: Tue, 11 Aug 1998 10:31:00 -0800
To: p1@cmpnetmail.com
Subject: File 6--REVIEW: "RISKS-FORUM Digest", Peter G. Neumann

MLRISKSF.RVW   980607

"RISKS-FORUM Digest", Peter G. Neumann, 1985 - , , free
%E   Peter G. Neumann risks@csl.sri.com
%D   1985 -
%O   news:comp.risks http://catless.ncl.ac.uk/Risks
%P   ~ 20 articles 3 times per week
%T   "RISKS-FORUM Digest"

RISKS-FORUM Digest, generally referred to simply as RISKS, is not the
oldest mailing list on the net, nor even the oldest moderated list.
It is definitely long lived, extremely consistent in this most
ephemeral of worlds, and, quite simply, one of the best.

RISKS explores the hazards and failures of technology, and
specifically computer technology.  However, this is no mere neo-
Luddite decrying of the dehumanization of civilization, but is often
written by the technologists themselves.  While the list is open to
everyone, the names of those regularly posting to RISKS also tend to
show up in conference catalogues around the world.  Computers and
software are the main topic of discussion, but the involvement of
computing in almost every area of modern life ensures that subjects
discussed range from overripe tomatoes (calling emergency services) to
rocket launches (lost because of missing punctuation).

Many discussions in RISKS deal with stories ignored in the mass media.
This is not because of any secrecy or confidentiality, but simply
because the general press does not understand the importance of the
issues involved.  On the other hand, a number of items that eventually
appear in the media may do so because of discussion, and even
movements, started by postings in RISKS and other similar venues.  In
other cases, RISKS deals with news that is made public, but provides
background, details, and analysis not available in newspapers (and
certainly not on TV).

While some of the credit for the status of RISKS has to go to a
relatively stable international coterie of high quality contributors,
the lion's share of the honour goes to the moderator, Peter G.
Neumann.  Neumann's moderation is in large measure responsible for the
continued support of these contributors, and in a net world of spam,
junk email, and flame wars, RISKS remains an exemplar of mailing list
maintenance.  Although an occasional hoax or diatribe gets past him,
Neumann is generally attentive to each posting (not least because he
is constantly on the lookout for opportunities to make pun-laden
editorial comments).  Controversy and opinion are not avoided,
although if it starts to generate more heat than light the discussion
may be relegated to a "special edition."

RISKS, as any other net entity, is subject to Usenet, mail, and IP
spoofing, as well as diatribes, rants, mailbombing, and other breaches
of netiquette.  Over the years it has managed to stay refreshingly
free from these abuses, overall.

The archives of the list (available at http://catless.ncl.ac.uk/Risks)
are an extensive and valuable resource.  Many of the dangers in the
use of technology come not so much from specific technical details, as
from social issues of use, testing, management, and so forth.
Therefore, RISKS postings as not as subject to dating as those of
other technical mailing lists.  The worth of this collection can be
seen in the compilation recently used by Neumann to produce "Computer
Related Risks" (cf. BKCMRLRS.RVW).

For those with access to Usenet news, the simplest way to get hold of
the Digest is to subscribe to the comp.risks newsgroup, which is a
mirror of the mailing list.  RISKS is only available in digest format,
even on the newsgroup.  Newsgroup access is also the technically
preferred means of access.

copyright Robert M. Slade, 1998   MLRISKSF.RVW   980607

------------------------------

Date: Mon, 7 Sep 1998 11:41:53 -0500 (CDT)
From: Jim Thomas <jthomas3@SUN.SOCI.NIU.EDU>
Subject: File 7--HAIKU ERROR MESSAGES] (fwd)

((CuD MODERATORS' NOTE: The following appeared in our mailbox
without an address. Apologies to the forwarded, and thanks)).

HAIKU ERROR MESSAGES          (Author unknown)


Three things are certain:
Death, taxes, and lost data.
Guess which has occurred.

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Server's poor response
Not quick enough for browser.
Timed out, plum blossom.

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

A file that big?
It might be very useful.
But now it is gone.

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Windows NT crashed.
I am the Blue Screen of Death.
No one hears your screams.

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Errors have occurred.
We won't tell you where or why.
Lazy programmers.

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Seeing my great fault
Through darkening blue windows,
I begin again

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

The code was willing,
It considered your request,
But the chips were weak.

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Printer not ready.
Could be a fatal error.
Have a pen handy?

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Chaos reigns within.
Reflect, repent, and reboot.
Order shall return.

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Login incorrect.
Only perfect spellers may
enter this system.

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

This site has been moved.
We'd tell you where, but then we'd
have to delete you.

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Wind catches lily
scatt'ring petals to the wind:
segmentation fault

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

ABORTED effort:
Close all that you have.
You ask way too much.

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

First snow, then silence.
This thousand dollar screen dies
so beautifully.

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

With searching comes loss
and the presence of absence:
"My Novel" not found.

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

The Web site you seek
cannot be located but
endless others exist

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Stay the patient course.
Of little worth is your ire.
The network is down.

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

A crash reduces
your expensive computer
to a simple stone.

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

There is a chasm
of carbon and silicon
the software can't bridge

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Yesterday it worked.
Today it is not working.
Windows is like that.

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

You step in the stream,
but the water has moved on.
This page is not here.

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

No keyboard present,
Hit F1 to continue:
Zen engineering?

- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Out of memory.
We wish to hold the whole sky,
But we never will.

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Having been erased,
The document you're seeking
Must now be retyped.

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

The ten thousand things.
How long do any persist?
Netscape, too, has gone.

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Rather than a beep
Or a rude error message,
These words: "File not found."

- - - - - - - - - - - - -

Serious error.
All shortcuts have disappeared.
Screen. Mind. Both are blank.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

To have no errors
Would be life without meaning.
No struggle, no joy

------------------------------

Date: Thu, 25 Apr 1998 22:51:01 CST
From: CuD Moderators <cudigest@sun.soci.niu.edu>
Subject: File 8--Cu Digest Header Info (unchanged since 25 Apr, 1998)

Cu-Digest is a weekly electronic journal/newsletter. Subscriptions are
available at no cost electronically.

CuD is available as a Usenet newsgroup: comp.society.cu-digest

Or, to subscribe, send post with this in the "Subject:: line:

     SUBSCRIBE CU-DIGEST
Send the message to:   cu-digest-request@weber.ucsd.edu

DO NOT SEND SUBSCRIPTIONS TO THE MODERATORS.

The editors may be contacted by voice (815-753-6436), fax (815-753-6302)
or U.S. mail at:  Jim Thomas, Department of Sociology, NIU, DeKalb, IL
60115, USA.

To UNSUB, send a one-line message:   UNSUB CU-DIGEST
Send it to  CU-DIGEST-REQUEST@WEBER.UCSD.EDU
(NOTE: The address you unsub must correspond to your From: line)

CuD is readily accessible from the Net:
  UNITED STATES: ftp.etext.org (206.252.8.100) in /pub/CuD/CuD
    Web-accessible from: http://www.etext.org/CuD/CuD/
                  ftp.eff.org (192.88.144.4) in /pub/Publications/CuD/
                  aql.gatech.edu (128.61.10.53) in /pub/eff/cud/
                  world.std.com in /src/wuarchive/doc/EFF/Publications/CuD/
                  wuarchive.wustl.edu in /doc/EFF/Publications/CuD/
  EUROPE:         nic.funet.fi in pub/doc/CuD/CuD/ (Finland)
                  ftp.warwick.ac.uk in pub/cud/ (United Kingdom)


The most recent issues of CuD can be obtained from the
Cu Digest WWW site at:
  URL: http://www.soci.niu.edu/~cudigest/

COMPUTER UNDERGROUND DIGEST is an open forum dedicated to sharing
information among computerists and to the presentation and debate of
diverse views.  CuD material may  be reprinted for non-profit as long
as the source is cited. Authors hold a presumptive copyright, and
they should be contacted for reprint permission.  It is assumed that
non-personal mail to the moderators may be reprinted unless otherwise
specified.  Readers are encouraged to submit reasoned articles
relating to computer culture and communication.  Articles are
preferred to short responses.  Please avoid quoting previous posts
unless absolutely necessary.

DISCLAIMER: The views represented herein do not necessarily represent
            the views of the moderators. Digest contributors assume all
            responsibility for ensuring that articles submitted do not
            violate copyright protections.

------------------------------

End of Computer Underground Digest #10.49
************************************

