
Computer underground Digest    Wed  Apr 29, 1998   Volume 10 : Issue 27
                           ISSN  1004-042X

       Editor: Jim Thomas (cudigest@sun.soci.niu.edu)
       News Editor: Gordon Meyer (gmeyer@sun.soci.niu.edu)
       Archivist: Brendan Kehoe
       Shadow Master: Stanton McCandlish
       Shadow-Archivists: Dan Carosone / Paul Southworth
                          Ralph Sims / Jyrki Kuoppala
                          Ian Dickinson
       Field Agent Extraordinaire:   David Smith
       Cu Digest Homepage: http://www.soci.niu.edu/~cudigest

CONTENTS, #10.27 (Wed, Apr 29, 1998)

File 1--Digital Millennium Copyright Act - as of 3 April 1998
File 2--Cu Digest Header Info (unchanged since 25 Apr, 1998)

CuD ADMINISTRATIVE, EDITORIAL, AND SUBSCRIPTION INFORMATION ApPEARS IN
THE CONCLUDING FILE AT THE END OF EACH ISSUE.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Date: Fri, 10 Apr 1998 00:34:31 -0500
From: jthomas@SUN.SOCI.NIU.EDU(Jim Thomas)
Subject: file 1--Digital Millennium Copyright Act - as of 3 April 1998

   Digital Millennium Copyright Act - as of 3 April 1998

   105TH CONGRESS

     2nd SESSION     S. _____

   _____________


   IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES


   Mr. HATCH (for himself and )


   introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to
   the Committee on



   _____________






   A BILL




   To amend title 17, United States Code, to implement the WIPO Copyright
   Treaty and the WIPO Performances and Phonograms Treaty, to provide
   limitations on copyright liability relating to material online, and
   for other purposes.



      Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
   United States of America in Congress assembled,

   SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

      This Act may be cited as the "Digital Millennium Copyright Act of
   1998."

   SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS

   Sec. 1. Short title

   Sec. 2. Table of contents


   TITLE I--WIPO TREATIES IMPLEMENTATION


   Sec. 101. Short title

   Sec. 102. Technical amendments

   Sec. 103. Copyright protection systems and copyright management
   information

   Sec. 104. Conforming amendments

   Sec. 105. Effective date


   TITLE II--INTERNET COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT

   LIABILITY


   Sec. 201. Short title

   Sec. 202. Limitations on liability for Internet copyright infringement


   Sec. 203. Conforming amendment

   Sec. 204. Effective date


   TITLE III--COMPUTER MAINTENANCE OR REPAIR


   Sec. 301. Limitation on exclusive rights; computer programs



   TITLE I--WIPO TREATIES IMPLEMENTATION


   SEC. 101. SHORT TITLE.

      This Title may be cited as the "WIPO Copyright and Performances and
   Phonograms Treaties Implementation Act of 1998".

   SEC. 102. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS.

      (a) Section 101 of title 17, United States Code, is amended--


      (1) by deleting the definition of "Berne Convention work";

      (2) in the definition of "The 'country of origin' of a Berne
   Convention work", by deleting "The 'country of origin' of a Berne
   Convention work,", capitalizing the first letter of the word "for",
   deleting "is the United States" after "For purposes of section 411,",
   and inserting "a work is a 'United States work' only" after "For
   purposes of section 411,";

      (3) in subsection (1)(B) of the definition of "The 'country of
   origin' of a Berne Convention work", by inserting "treaty party or
   parties" and deleting "nation or nations adhering to the Berne
   Convention";

      (4) in subsection (1)(C) of the definition of "The 'country of
   origin' of a Berne Convention work", by inserting "is not a treaty
   party" and deleting "does not adhere to the Berne Convention";

      (5) in subsection (1)(D) of the definition of "The 'country of
   origin' of a Berne Convention work", by inserting "is not a treaty
   party" and deleting "does not adhere to the Berne Convention";

      (6) in section (3) of the definition of "The 'country of origin' of
   a Berne Convention work", by deleting "For the purposes of section
   411, the 'country of origin' of any other Berne Convention work is not
   the United States.";

      (7) after the definition for "fixed", by inserting "The 'Geneva
   Phonograms Convention' is the Convention for the Protection of
   Producers of Phonograms Against Unauthorized Duplication of Their
   Phonograms, concluded at Geneva, Switzerland on October 29, 1971.";

      (8) after the definition for "including", by inserting "An
   'international agreement' is--

      "(1) the Universal Copyright Convention;

      "(2) the Geneva Phonograms Convention;

      "(3) the Berne Convention;

      "(4) the WTO Agreement;

      "(5) the WIPO Copyright Treaty;

      "(6) the WIPO Performances and Phonograms Treaty; and

      "(7) any other copyright treaty to which the United States is a
   party.";

      (9) after the definition for "transmit", by inserting "A 'treaty
   party' is a country or intergovernmental organization other than the
   United States that is a party to an international agreement.";

      (10) after the definition for "widow", by inserting "The 'WIPO
   Copyright Treaty' is the WIPO Copyright Treaty concluded at Geneva,
   Switzerland, on December 20, 1996.";

      (11) after the definition for "The 'WIPO Copyright Treaty', by
   inserting "The 'WIPO Performances and Phonograms Treaty' is the WIPO
   Performances and Phonograms Treaty concluded at Geneva, Switzerland on
   December 20, 1996."; and

      (12) by inserting, after the definition for "work for hire", "The
   'WTO Agreement' is the Agreement Establishing the World Trade
   Organization entered into on April 15, 1994. The terms 'WTO Agreement'
   and 'WTO member country' have the meanings given those terms in
   paragraphs (9) and (10) respectively of section 2 of the Uruguay Round
   Agreements Act.".


      (b) Section 104 of title 17, United States Code, is amended--


      (1) in section (b)(1), by deleting "foreign nation that is a party
   to a copyright treaty to which the United States is also a party" and
   inserting "treaty party";

      (2) in section (b)(2) by deleting "party to the Universal Copyright
   Convention" and inserting "treaty party";

      (3) by renumbering the present section (b)(3) as (b)(5) and moving
   it to its proper sequential location and inserting a new section
   (b)(3) to read:

      "(3) the work is a sound recording that was first fixed in a treaty
   party; or";

      (4) in section (b)(4) by deleting "Berne Convention work" and
   inserting "pictorial, graphic or sculptural work that is incorporated
   in a building or other structure, or an architectural work that is
   embodied in a building and the building or structure is located in the
   United States or a treaty party";

      (5) by renumbering present section (b)(5) as (b)(6);

      (6) by inserting a new section (b)(7) to read:

      "(7) For purposes of paragraph (2), a work that is published in the
   United States or a treaty party within thirty days of publication in a
   foreign nation that is not a treaty party shall be considered first
   published in the United States or such treaty party as the case may
   be."; and

      (7) by inserting a new section (d) to read:


      "(d) Effect of Phonograms Treaties.--Notwithstanding the provisions
   of subsection (b), no works other than sound recordings shall be
   eligible for protection under this title solely by virtue of the
   adherence of the United States to the Geneva Phonograms Convention or
   the WIPO Performances and Phonograms Treaty.".

      (c) Section 104A(h) of title 17, United States Code, is amended--


      (1) in paragraph (1), by deleting "(A) a nation adhering to the
   Berne Convention or a WTO member country; or (B) subject to a
   Presidential proclamation under subsection (g)," and inserting--


      "(A) a nation adhering to the Berne Convention;

      "(B) a WTO member country;

      "(C) a nation adhering to the WIPO Copyright Treaty;

      "(D) a nation adhering to the WIPO Performances and Phonograms
   Treaty; or

      "(E) subject to a Presidential proclamation under subsection (g)";


      (2) paragraph (3) is amended to read as follows:

      "(3) the term 'eligible country' means a nation, other than the
   United States that--


      "(A) becomes a WTO member country after the date of enactment of
   the Uruguay Round Agreements Act;

      "(B) on the date of enactment is, or after the date of enactment
   becomes, a nation adhering to the Berne Convention;

      "(C) adheres to the WIPO Copyright Treaty;

      "(D) adheres to the WIPO Performances and Phonograms Treaty; or

      "(E) after such date of enactment becomes subject to a proclamation
   under subsection (g).";


      (3) in paragraph (6)(C)(iii), by deleting "and" after
   "eligibility";

      (4) at the end of paragraph (6)(D), by deleting the period and
   inserting "; and";

      (5) by adding the following new paragraph (6)(E):


      "(E) if the source country for the work is an eligible country
   solely by virtue of its adherence to the WIPO Performances and
   Phonograms Treaty, is a sound recording.";


      (6) in paragraph (8)(B)(i), by inserting "of which" before "the
   majority" and striking "of eligible countries"; and

      (7) by deleting paragraph (9).


      (d) Section 411 of title 17, United States Code, is amended--


      (1) in subsection (a), by deleting "actions for infringement of
   copyright in Berne Convention works whose country of origin is not the
   United States and"; and

      (2) in subsection (a), by inserting "United States" after "no
   action for infringement of the copyright in any".


      (e) Section 507(a) of title 17, United States Code, is amended by
   adding at the beginning, "Except as expressly provided elsewhere in
   this title,".


   SEC. 103. COPYRIGHT PROTECTION SYSTEMS AND COPYRIGHT MANAGEMENT
   INFORMATION.


      Title 17, United States Code, is amended by adding the following
   new chapter:


   "CHAPTER 12--COPYRIGHT PROTECTION AND MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS


   "Sec.

   "1201. Circumvention of copyright protection systems.

   "1202. Integrity of copyright management information.

   "1203. Civil remedies.

   "1204. Criminal offenses and penalties.

   "'1201. Circumvention of copyright protection systems


       "(a) Violations Regarding Circumvention of Technological
   Protection Measures.--(1) No person shall circumvent a technological
   protection measure that effectively controls access to a work
   protected under this title.

      "(2) No person shall manufacture, import, offer to the public,
   provide or otherwise traffic in any technology, product, service,
   device, component, or part thereof that--


      "(A) is primarily designed or produced for the purpose of
   circumventing a technological protection measure that effectively
   controls access to a work protected under this title;

      "(B) has only limited commercially significant purpose or use other
   than to circumvent a technological protection


   measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under
   this title; or


      "(C) is marketed by that person or another acting in concert with
   that person for use in circumventing a


    technological protection measure that effectively controls access to
   a work protected under title 17.

      "(3) As used in this subsection--


      "(A) to 'circumvent a technological protection measure' means to
   descramble a scrambled work, to decrypt an encrypted work, or
   otherwise to avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, or impair a
   technological protection measure, without the authority of the
   copyright owner; and

      "(B) a technological protection measure 'effectively controls
   access to a work' if the measure, in the ordinary course of its
   operation, requires the application of information, or a process or a
   treatment, with the authority of the copyright owner, to gain access
   to the work.


      "(b) Additional Violations.--(1) No person shall manufacture,
   import, offer to the public, provide, or otherwise traffic in any
   technology, product, service, device, component, or part thereof
   that--


      "(A) is primarily designed or produced for the purpose of
   circumventing protection afforded by a technological protection
   measure that effectively protects a right of a copyright owner under
   this title in a work or a portion thereof;

      "(B) has only limited commercially significant purpose or use other
   than to circumvent protection afforded by a technological protection
   measure that effectively protects a right of a copyright owner under
   this title in a work or a portion thereof; or

      "(C) is marketed by that person or another acting in concert with
   that person for use in circumventing protection afforded by a
   technological protection measure that effectively protects a right of
   a copyright owner under this title in a work or a portion thereof.


      "(2) As used in this subsection--


      "(A) to 'circumvent protection afforded by a technological
   protection measure' means avoiding, bypassing, removing, deactivating,
   or otherwise impairing a technological protection measure; and

      "(B) a technological protection measure 'effectively protects a
   right of a copyright owner under this title if the measure, in the
   ordinary course of its operation, prevents, restricts, or otherwise
   limits the exercise of a right of a copyright owner under this title.


      "(c) Importation.--The importation into the United States, the sale
   for importation, or the sale within the United States after
   importation by the owner, importer, or consignee of any technology,
   product, service, device, component, or part thereof as described in
   subsection (a) or (b) shall be actionable under section 337 of the
   Tariff Act of 1930 (17 U.S.C. 1337).

      "(d) Other Rights, Etc., Not Affected.--Nothing in this section
   shall affect rights, remedies, limitations, or defenses to copyright
   infringement, including fair use, under this title.

      "(e) Exemption for Nonprofit Libraries, Archives, and Educational
   Institutions.--(1) A nonprofit library, archives, or educational
   institution which gains access to a commercially exploited copyrighted
   work solely in order to make a good faith determination of whether to
   acquire a copy of that work for the sole purpose of engaging in
   conduct permitted under this title shall not ve in violation of
   subsection (a)(1). A copy of a work to which access has been gained
   under this paragraph--


      "(A) may not be retained longer than necessary to make such good
   faith determination; and

      "(B) may not be used for any other purpose.


      "(2) The exemption made available under paragraph (1) shall only
   apply with respect to a work when an identical copy of that work is
   not reasonably available in another form.

      "(3) A nonprofit library, archives, or educational institution that
   willfully for the purpose of commercial advantage or financial gain
   violates paragraph (1)--


      "(A) shall, for the first offense, be subject to the civil remedies
   under section 1203; and

      "(B) shall, for repeated or subsequent offenses, in addition to the
   civil remedies under section 1203, forfeit the exemption provided
   under paragraph (1).


      "(4) This subsection may not be used as a defense to a claim under
   subsection (a)(2) or (b), nor may this subsection permit a nonprofit
   library, archives, or educational institution to manufacture, import,
   offer to the public, provide, or otherwise traffic in any technology
   which circumvents a technological protection measure.

      "(5) In order for a library or archives to qualify for the
   exemption under this subsection, the collections of that library or
   archives shall be--


      "(A) open to the public; or

      "(B) available not only to researchers affiliated with the library
   or archives or with the institution of which it is a part, but also to
   other persons doing research in a specialized field.


      "(f) Law Enforcement and Intelligence Activities.--This section
   does not prohibit any lawfully authorized investigative, protective,
   or intelligence activity of a law enforcement agency of the United
   States, a State, or a political subdivision of a State, or of an
   intelligence agency of the United States.


   "'1202. Integrity of copyright management information


       "(a) False Copyright Management Information.--No person shall
   knowingly--


      "(1) provide copyright management information that is false, or

      "(2) distribute or import for distribution copyright management
   information that is false, with the intent to induce, enable,
   facilitate or conceal infringement.


      "(b) Removal or Alteration of Copyright Management Information.--No
   person shall, without the authority of the copyright owner or the
   law--


      "(1) intentionally remove or alter any copyright management
   information,

      "(2) distribute or import for distribution copyright management
   information knowing that the copyright management information has been
   removed or altered without authority of the copyright owner or the
   law, or

      "(3) distribute, import for distribution, or publicly perform
   works, copies of works, or phonorecords, knowing that copyright
   management information has been removed or altered without authority
   of the copyright owner or the law,


   knowing, or, with respect to civil remedies under section 1203, having
   reasonable grounds to know, that it will induce, enable, facilitate or
   conceal an infringement of any right under this title.

      "(c) Definition.--As used in this chapter, 'copyright management
   information' means the following information conveyed in connection
   with copies or phonorecords of a work or performances or displays of a
   work, including in digital form--


      "(1) the title and other information identifying the work,
   including the information set forth on a notice of copyright;

      "(2) the name of, and other identifying information about, the
   author of a work;

      "(3) the name of, and other identifying information about, the
   copyright owner of the work, including the information set forth in a
   notice of copyright;

      "(4) terms and conditions for use of the work;

      "(5) identifying numbers of symbols referring to such information
   or links to such information; or

      "(6) such other information as the Register of Copyrights may
   prescribe by regulation, except that the Register of Copyrights may
   not require the provision of any information concerning the user of a
   copyrighted work.


      "(d) Law Enforcement and Intelligence Activities.--This section
   does not prohibit any lawfully authorized investigative, protective,
   or intelligence activity of a law enforcement agency of the United
   States, a State, or a political subdivision of a State, or of an
   intelligence agency of the United States.

   "'1203. Civil remedies

      "(a) Civil Actions.--Any person injured by a violation of section
   1201 or 1202 may bring a civil action in an appropriate United States
   district court for such violation.

      "(b) Powers of the Court.--In an action brought under subsection
   (a), the court--


      "(1) may grant temporary and permanent injunctions on such terms as
   it deems reasonable to prevent or restrain a violation;

      "(2) at any time while an action is pending, may order the
   impounding, on such terms as it deems reasonable, of any device or
   product that is in the custody or control of the alleged violator and
   that the court has reasonable cause to believe was involved in a
   violation;

      "(3) may award damages under subsection (c);

      "(4) in its discretion may allow the recovery of costs by or
   against any party other than the United States or an officer thereof;

      "(5) in its discretion may award reasonable attorney's fees to the
   prevailing party; and

      "(6) may, as part of a final judgment or decree finding a
   violation, order the remedial modification or the destruction of any
   device or product involved in the violation that is in the custody or
   control of the violator or has been impounded under paragraph (2).


      "(c) Award of Damages.--


      "(1) in General.--Except as otherwise provided in this chapter, a
   person committing a violation of section 1201 or 1202 is liable for
   either--


      "(A) the actual damages and any additional profits of the violator,
   as provided in paragraph (2), or

      "(B) statutory damages, as provided in paragraph (3).


      "(2) Actual Damages.--The court shall award to the complaining
   party the actual damages suffered by the party as a result of the
   violation, and any profits of the violator that are attributable to
   the violation and are not taken into account in computing the actual
   damages, if the complaining party elects such damages at any time
   before final judgment is entered.

      "(3) Statutory Damages.--


      "(A) At any time before final judgment is entered, a complaining
   party may elect to recover an award of statutory damages for each
   violation of section 1201 in the sum of not less than $200 or more
   than $2,500 per act of circumvention, device, product, component,
   offer, or performance of service, as the court considers just.

      "(B) At any time before final judgment is entered, a complaining
   party may elect to recover an award of statutory damages for each
   violation of section 1202 in the sum of not less than $2,500 or more
   than $25,000.


      "(4) Repeated Violations.--In any case in which the injured party
   sustains the burden of proving, and the court finds, that a person has
   violated section 1201 or 1202 within three years after a final
   judgment was entered against the person for another such violation,
   the court may increase the award of damages up to triple the amount
   that would otherwise be awarded, as the court considers just.

      "(5) Innocent Violations.--

      "(A) In General.--The court in its discretion may reduce or remit
   the total award of damages in any case in which the violator sustains
   the burden of proving, and the court finds, that the violator was not
   aware and had no reason to believe that its acts constituted a
   violation.

      "(B) Nonprofit Library, Archives, or Educational Institutions.--In
   the case of a nonprofit library, archives, or educational institution,
   the court shall remit damages in any case in which the library,
   archives, or educational institution sustains the burden of proving,
   and the court finds, that the library, archives, or educational
   institution was not aware and had no reason to believe that its acts
   constituted a violation.


   "'1204. Criminal offenses and penalties

      "(a) In General.--Any person who violates section 1201 or 1202
   willfully and for purposes of commercial advantage or private
   financial gain--


      "(1) shall be fined not more than $500,000 or imprisoned for not
   more than 5 years, or both for the first offense; and

      "(2) shall be fined not more than $1,000,000 or imprisoned for not
   more than 10 years, or both for any subsequent offense.


      "(b) Limitation for Nonprofit Library, Archives, or Educational
   Institution.--Subsection (a) shall not apply to a nonprofit library,
   archives, or educational institution.

      "(c) Statute of Limitations.--Notwithstanding section 507(a) of
   this title, no criminal proceeding shall be brought under this section
   unless such proceeding is commenced within five years after the cause
   of action arose.".

   SEC. 104. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS.

      The table of chapters for Title 17, United States Code, is amended
   by adding at the end the following:

   "12. Copyright Protection and Management Systems             1201"

   SEC. 105. EFFECTIVE DATE.

      (a) In General.--Subject to subsection (b), the amendments made by
   this title shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act.


      (b) Amendments Relating to Certain International Agreements.--(1)
   The following shall take effect upon entry into force of the WIPO
   Copyright Treaty with respect to the United States:


      (A) paragraph (5) of the definition of "international agreement"
   contained in section 101 of title 17, United States Code, as amended
   by section 102(a)(8) of this title.

      (B) the amendment made by section 102(a)(10) of this title;

      (C) subparagraph (C) of section 104A(h)(1) of title 17, United
   States Code, as amended by section 102(c)(1) of this title; and

      (D) subparagraph (C) of section 104A(h)(3) of title 17, United
   States Code, as amended by section 102(c)(2) of this title.


      (2) The following shall take effect upon the entry into force of
   the WIPO Performances and Phonograms Treaty with respect to the United
   States:


      (A) paragraph (6) of the definition of "international agreement"
   contained in section 101 of title 17, United States Code, as amended
   by section 102(a)(8) of this title.

      (B) the amendment made by section 102(a)(11) of this title;

      (C) the amendment made by section 102(b)(7) of this title;

      (D) Subparagraph (D) of section 104A(h)(1) of title 17, United
   States Code, as amended by section 102(c)(2) of this title; and

      (E) the amendment made by section 102(c)(4) of this title; and

      (F) the amendment made by section 102(c)(5) of this title.


   TITLE II--INTERNET COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT LIABILITY


   SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE.

      This title may be cited as the "Internet Copyright Infringement
   Liability Clarification Act of 1998."


   SEC. 202. LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY FOR INTERNET COPYRIGHT
   INFRINGEMENT.


      (a) In General.--Chapter 5 of title 17, United States Code, is
   amended by adding after section 511 the following new section:


   "'512. Liability of service providers for online infringement of
   copyright


      "(a) Digital network Communications.--A service provider shall not
   be liable for monetary relief, or except as provided in subsection (i)
   for injunctive or other equitable relief, for infringement for the
   provider's transmitting, routing, or providing connections for,
   material through a system or network controlled or operated by or for
   the service provider, or the intermediate and transient storage of
   such material in the course of such transmitting, routing or providing
   connections, if--


      "(1) it was initiated by or at the direction of a person other than
   the service provider;

      "(2) it is carried out through an automatic technical process
   without selection of such material by the service provider;

      "(3) the service provider does not select the recipients of such
   material except as an automatic response to the request of another;

      "(4) no such copy of such material made by the service provider is
   maintained on the system or network in a manner ordinarily accessible
   to anyone other than anticipated recipients, and no such copy is
   maintained on the system or network in a manner ordinarily accessible
   to the anticipated recipients for a longer period than is reasonably
   necessary for the communication; and

      "(5) the material is transmitted without modification to its
   content.


      "(b) System Caching.--A service provider shall not be liable for
   monetary relief, or except as provided in subsection (i) for
   injunctive or other equitable relief, for infringement for the
   intermediate and temporary storage of material on the system or
   network controlled or operated by or for the service provider, where
   (i) such material is made available online by a person other than such
   service provider, (ii) such material is transmitted from the person
   described in clause (i) through such system or network to someone
   other than that person at the direction of such other person, and
   (iii) the storage is carried out through an automatic technical
   process for the purpose of making such material available to users of
   such system or network who subsequently request access to that
   material from the person described in clause (i), provided that:


      "(1) such material is transmitted to such subsequent users without
   modification to its content from the manner in which the material
   otherwise was transmitted from the person described in clause (i);

      "(2) such service provider complies with rules concerning the
   refreshing, reloading or other updating of such material when
   specified by the person making that material available online in
   accordance with an accepted industry standard data communications
   protocol for the system or network through which that person makes the
   material available; provided that the rules are not used by the person
   described in clause (i) to prevent or unreasonably impair such
   intermediate storage;

      "(3) such service provider does not interfere with the ability of
   technology associated with such material that returns to the person
   described in clause (i) the information that would have been available
   to such person if such material had been obtained by such subsequent
   users directly from such person, provided that such technology--


      "(A) does not significantly interfere with the performance of the
   provider's system or network or with the intermediate storage of the
   material;

      "(B) is consistent with accepted industry standard communications
   protocols; and

      "(C) does not extract information from the provider's system or
   network other than the information that would have been available to
   such person if such material had been accessed by such users directly
   from such person;


      "(4) either--


      "(A) the person described in clause (i) does not currently
   condition access to such material; or

      "(B) if access to such material is so conditioned by such person,
   by a current individual pre-condition, such as a pre-condition based
   on payment of a fee, or provision of a password or other information,
   the service provider permits access to the stored material in
   significant part only to users of its system or network that have been
   so authorized and only in accordance with those conditions; and


      "(5) if the person described in clause (i) makes that material
   available online without the authorization of the copyright owner,
   then the service provider responds expeditiously to remove, or disable
   access to, the material that is claimed to be infringing upon
   notification of claimed infringements described in subsection (c)(3);
   provided that the material has previously been removed from the
   originating site, and the party giving the notification includes in
   the notification a statement confirming that such material has been
   removed or access to it has been disabled or ordered to be removed or
   have access disabled.


      "(c) Information Stored on Service Providers.--


      "(1) In General.--A service provider shall not be liable for
   monetary relief, or except as provided in subsection (i) for
   injunctive or other equitable relief, for infringement for the storage
   at the direction of a user of material that resides on a system or
   network controlled or operated by or for the service provider, if the
   service provider--


      "(A)(i) does not have actual knowledge that the material or
   activity is infringing,

      "(ii) in the absence of such actual knowledge, is not aware of
   facts or circumstances from which infringing activity is apparent, or

      "(iii) if upon obtaining such knowledge or awareness, the service
   provider acts expeditiously to remove or disable access to, the
   material;

      "(B) does not receive a financial benefit directly attributable to
   the infringing activity, where the service provider has the right and
   ability to control such activity; and

      "(C) in the instance of a notification of claimed infringement as
   described in paragraph (3), responds expeditiously to remove, or
   disable access to, the material that is claimed to be infringing or to
   be the subject of infringing activity.


      "(2) Designated Agent.--The limitations on liability established in
   this subsection apply only if the service provider has designated an
   agent to receive notifications of claimed infringement described in
   paragraph (3), by substantially making the name, address, phone
   number, electronic mail address of such agent, and other contact
   information deemed appropriate by the Register of Copyrights,
   available through its service, including on its website, and by
   providing such information to the Copyright Office. The Register of
   Copyrights shall maintain a current directory of agents available to
   the public for inspection, including through the Internet, in both
   electronic and hard copy formats.

      "(3) Elements of Notification.--


      "(A) To be effective under this subsection, a notification of
   claimed infringement means any written communication provided to the
   service provider's designated agent that includes substantially the
   following:


      "(i) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to
   act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly
   infringed;

      "(ii) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been
   infringed, or, if multiple such works at a single online site are
   covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works
   at that site;

      "(iii) identification of the material that is claimed to be
   infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity that is to be
   removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information
   reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the
   material;

      "(iv) information reasonably sufficient to permit the service
   provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address,
   telephone number, or an electronic mail address at which the
   complaining party may be contacted;

      "(v) a statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief
   that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized
   by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law; and

      "(vi) a statement that the information in the notification is
   accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party has
   the authority to enforce the owner's rights that are claimed to be
   infringed.


      "(B) A notification from the copyright owner or from a person
   authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner that fails
   substantially to conform to the provisions of paragraph (3)(A) shall
   not be considered under paragraph (1)(A) in determining whether a
   service provider has actual knowledge or is aware of facts or
   circumstances from which infringing activity is apparent, provided
   that the provider promptly attempts to contact the complaining party
   or takes other reasonable steps to assist in the receipt of notice
   under paragraph (3)(A) when the notice is provided to the service
   provider's designated agent and substantially satisfies the provisions
   of subparagraphs (3)(A)(ii), (iii), and (iv).


      "(d) Information Location Tools.--A service provider shall not be
   liable for monetary relief, or except as provided in subsection (i)
   for injunctive or other equitable relief, for infringement for the
   provider referring or linking users to an online location containing
   infringing material or activity by using information location tools,
   including a directory, index, reference, pointer or hypertext link, if
   the provider--


      "(1) does not have actual knowledge that the material or activity
   is infringing or, in the absence of such actual knowledge, is not
   aware of facts or circumstances from which infringing activity is
   apparent;

      "(2) does not receive a financial benefit directly attributable to
   the infringing activity, where the service provider has the right and
   ability to control such activity; and

      "(3) responds expeditiously to remove or disable the reference or
   link upon notification of claimed infringement as described in
   subsection (c)(3); provided that for the purposes of this paragraph,
   the element in subsection (c)(3)(A)(iii) shall be identification of
   the reference or link, to material or activity claimed to be
   infringing, that is to be removed or access to which is to be
   disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service
   provider to locate such reference or link.


      "(e) Misrepresentations.--Any person who knowingly materially
   misrepresents that material or activity is infringing shall be liable
   for any damages, including costs and attorneys' fees, incurred by the
   alleged infringer, by any copyright owner or copyright owner's
   authorized licensee, or by the service provider, who is injured by
   such misrepresentation, as the result of the service provider relying
   upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the
   material or activity claimed to be infringing.

      "(f) Limitation on Other Liability.--A service provider shall not
   be liable to any person for any claim based on the service provider's
   good faith disabling of access to or removal of material or activity
   claimed to be infringing or based on facts or circumstances from which
   infringing activity is apparent, regardless of whether the material or
   activity is ultimately determined to be infringing.

      "(g) Identification of Direct Infringer.--The copyright owner or a
   person authorized to act on the owner's behalf may request an order
   for release of identification of an alleged infringer by filing (i) a
   copy of a notification described in subsection (c)(3)(A), including a
   proposed order, and (ii) a sworn declaration that the purpose of the
   order is to obtain the identity of an alleged infringer and that such
   information will only be used for the purpose of this title, with the
   clerk of any United States district court. The order shall authorize
   and order the service provider receiving the notification to disclose
   expeditiously to the copyright owner or person authorized by the
   copyright owner information sufficient to identify the alleged direct
   infringer of the material described in the notification to the extent
   such information is available to the service provider. The order shall
   be expeditiously issued if the accompanying notification satisfies the
   provisions of subsection (c)(3)(A) and the accompanying declaration is
   properly executed. Upon receipt of the order, either accompanying or
   subsequent to the receipt of a notification described in subsection
   (c)(3)(A), a service provider shall expeditiously give to the
   copyright owner or person authorized by the copyright owner the
   information required by the order, notwithstanding any other provision
   of law and regardless of whether the service provider responds to the
   notification.

      "(h) Conditions for Eligibility.--


      "(1) Accommodation of Technology.--The limitations on liability
   established by this section shall apply only if the service provider--



      "(A) has adopted and reasonably implemented, and informs
   subscribers of the service of, a policy for the termination of
   subscribers of the service who are repeat infringers; and

      "(B) accommodates and does not interfere with standard technical
   measures as defined in this subsection.


      "(2) Definition.--As used in this section, "standard technical
   measures" are technical measures, used by copyright owners to identify
   or protect copyrighted works, that--


      "(A) have been developed pursuant to a broad consensus of copyright
   owners and service providers in an open, fair, voluntary,
   multi-industry standards process;

      "(B) are available to any person on reasonable and
   nondiscriminatory terms; and

      "(C) do not impose substantial costs on service providers or
   substantial burdens on their systems or networks.


      "(i) Injunctions.--The following rules shall apply in the case of
   any application for an injunction under section 502 against a service
   provider that is not subject to monetary remedies by operation of this
   section:


      "(1) Scope of Relief.--


      "(A) With respect to conduct other than that which qualifies for
   the limitation on remedies as set forth in subsection (a), the court
   may only grant injunctive relief with respect to a service provider in
   one or more of the following forms:


      "(i) an order restraining it from providing access to infringing
   material or activity residing at a particular online site on the
   provider's system or network;

      "(ii) an order restraining it from providing access to an
   identified subscriber of the service provider's system or network who
   is engaging in infringing activity by terminating the specified
   accounts of such subscriber; or

      "(iii) such other injunctive remedies as the court may consider
   necessary to prevent or restrain infringement of specified copyrighted
   material at a particular online location, provided that such remedies
   are the least burdensome to the service provider that are comparably
   effective for that purpose.


      "(B) If the service provider qualifies for the limitation on
   remedies described in subsection (a), the court may only grant
   injunctive relief in one or both of the following forms:


      "(i) an order restraining it from providing access to an identified
   subscriber of the service provider's system or network who is using
   the provider's service to engage in infringing activity by terminating
   the specified accounts of such subscriber; or

      "(ii) an order restraining it from providing access, by taking
   specified reasonable steps to block access, to a specific, identified,
   foreign online location.


      "(2) Considerations.--The court, in considering the relevant
   criteria for injunctive relief under applicable law, shall consider:


      "(A) whether such an injunction, either alone or in combination
   with other such injunctions issued against the same service provider
   under this subsection, would significantly burden either the provider
   or the operation of the provider's system or network;

      "(B) the magnitude of the harm likely to be suffered by the
   copyright owner in the digital network environment if steps are not
   taken to prevent or restrain the infringement;

      "(C) whether implementation of such an injunction would be
   technically feasible and effective, and would not interfere with
   access to noninfringing material at other online locations; and

      "(D) whether other less burdensome and comparably effective means
   of preventing or restraining access to the infringing material are
   available.


      "(3) Notice and Ex Parte Orders.--Injunctive relief under this
   subsection shall not be available without notice to the service
   provider and an opportunity for such provider to appear, except for
   orders ensuring the preservation of evidence or other orders having no
   material adverse effect on the operation of the service provider's
   communications network.


      "(j) Definitions.--


      "(1)(A) As used in subsection (a), the term "service provider"
   means an entity offering the transmission, routing or providing of
   connections for digital online communications, between or among points
   specified by a user, of material of the user's choosing, without
   modification to the content of the material as sent or received.

      "(B) As used in any other subsection of this section, the term
   "service provider" means a provider of online services or network
   access, or the operator of facilities therefor, and includes an entity
   described in the preceding paragraph of this subsection.

      "(2) As used in this section, the term "monetary relief" means
   damages, costs, attorneys' fees, and any other form of monetary
   payment.


      "(k) Other Defenses Not Affected.--The failure of a service
   provider's conduct to qualify for limitation of liability under this
   section shall not bear adversely upon the consideration of a defense
   by the service provider that the service provider's conduct is not
   infringing under this title or any other defense.

      "(l) Protection of Privacy.--Nothing in this section shall be
   construed to condition the applicability of subsections (a) through
   (d) on--


      "(1) a service provider monitoring its service or affirmatively
   seeking facts indicating infringing activity except to the extent
   consistent with a standard technical measure complying with the
   provisions of subsection (h); or

      "(2) a service provider accessing, removing, or disabling access to
   material where such conduct is prohibited by law.


      "(m) Rule of Construction.--Subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d) are
   intended to describe separate and distinct functions for purposes of
   analysis under this section. Whether a service provider qualifies for
   the limitation on liability in any one such subsection shall be based
   solely on the criteria in each such subsection and shall not affect a
   determination of whether such service provider qualifies for the
   limitations on liability under any other such subsection.".

   SEC. 203. CONFORMING AMENDMENT.

      The table of sections for chapter 5 of title 17, United States
   Code, is amended by adding at the end the following:

   "512. Liability of service providers for online infringement of
   copyright.".

   SEC. 204. EFFECTIVE DATE.

      This title and the amendments made by this title shall take effect
   on the date of the enactment of this Act.


   TITLE III--COMPUTER MAINTENANCE OR REPAIR


   SEC. 301. LIMITATION ON EXCLUSIVE RIGHTS; COMPUTER PROGRAMS


      Section 117 of title 17, United States Code, is amended--


      (1) by striking "Notwithstanding" and inserting the following:


      "(a) Making of Additional Copy or Adaptation by Owner of
   Copy.--Notwithstanding";


      (2) by striking "Any exact" and inserting the following:


      "(b) Lease, Sale, or Other Transfer of Additional Copy or
   Adaptation.--Any exact"; and


      (3) by adding at the end the following new subsections:


      "(c) Machine Maintenance or Repair.--Notwithstanding the provisions
   of section 106, it is not an infringement for an owner or lessee of a
   machine to make

   or authorize the making of a copy of a computer program if such copy
   is made solely by virtue of the activation of a machine that lawfully
   contains an authorized copy of the computer program, for purposes only
   of maintenance or repair of that machine, if--


      "(1) such new copy is used in no other manner and is destroyed
   immediately after the maintenance or repair is completed; and

      "(2) with respect to any computer program or part thereof that is
   not necessary for that machine to be activated, such program or part
   thereof is not accessed or used other than to make such new copy by
   virtue of the activation of the machine.


      "(d) Definitions.--For purposes of this section--


      "(1) the 'maintenance' of a machine is the servicing of the machine
   in order to make it work in accordance with its original
   specifications and any changes to those specifications authorized for
   that machine; and

      "(2) the 'repair' of a machine is the restoring of the machine to
   the state of working in accordance with its original specifications
   and any changes to those specifications authorized for that machine.".

------------------------------


------------------------------

Date: Thu, 25 Apr 1998 22:51:01 CST
From: CuD Moderators <cudigest@sun.soci.niu.edu>
Subject: file 2--Cu Digest Header Info (unchanged since 25 Apr, 1998)

Cu-Digest is a weekly electronic journal/newsletter. Subscriptions are
available at no cost electronically.

CuD is available as a Usenet newsgroup: comp.society.cu-digest

Or, to subscribe, send post with this in the "Subject:: line:

     SUBSCRIBE CU-DIGEST
Send the message to:   cu-digest-request@weber.ucsd.edu

DO NOT SEND SUBSCRIPTIONS TO THE MODERATORS.

The editors may be contacted by voice (815-753-6436), fax (815-753-6302)
or U.S. mail at:  Jim Thomas, Department of Sociology, NIU, DeKalb, IL
60115, USA.

To UNSUB, send a one-line message:   UNSUB CU-DIGEST
Send it to  CU-DIGEST-REQUEST@WEBER.UCSD.EDU
(NOTE: The address you unsub must correspond to your From: line)

CuD is readily accessible from the Net:
  UNITED STATES: ftp.etext.org (206.252.8.100) in /pub/CuD/CuD
    Web-accessible from: http://www.etext.org/CuD/CuD/
                  ftp.eff.org (192.88.144.4) in /pub/Publications/CuD/
                  aql.gatech.edu (128.61.10.53) in /pub/eff/cud/
                  world.std.com in /src/wuarchive/doc/EFF/Publications/CuD/
                  wuarchive.wustl.edu in /doc/EFF/Publications/CuD/
  EUROPE:         nic.funet.fi in pub/doc/CuD/CuD/ (Finland)
                  ftp.warwick.ac.uk in pub/cud/ (United Kingdom)


The most recent issues of CuD can be obtained from the
Cu Digest WWW site at:
  URL: http://www.soci.niu.edu/~cudigest/

COMPUTER UNDERGROUND DIGEST is an open forum dedicated to sharing
information among computerists and to the presentation and debate of
diverse views.  CuD material may  be reprinted for non-profit as long
as the source is cited. Authors hold a presumptive copyright, and
they should be contacted for reprint permission.  It is assumed that
non-personal mail to the moderators may be reprinted unless otherwise
specified.  Readers are encouraged to submit reasoned articles
relating to computer culture and communication.  Articles are
preferred to short responses.  Please avoid quoting previous posts
unless absolutely necessary.

DISCLAIMER: The views represented herein do not necessarily represent
            the views of the moderators. Digest contributors assume all
            responsibility for ensuring that articles submitted do not
            violate copyright protections.

------------------------------

End of Computer Underground Digest #10.27
************************************

