
Computer underground Digest    Wed  Jun 3, 1998   Volume 10 : Issue 32
                           ISSN  1004-042X

       Editor: Jim Thomas (cudigest@sun.soci.niu.edu)
       News Editor: Gordon Meyer (gmeyer@sun.soci.niu.edu)
       Archivist: Brendan Kehoe
       Shadow Master: Stanton McCandlish
       Shadow-Archivists: Dan Carosone / Paul Southworth
                          Ralph Sims / Jyrki Kuoppala
                          Ian Dickinson
       Field Agent Extraordinaire:   David Smith
       Cu Digest Homepage: http://www.soci.niu.edu/~cudigest

CONTENTS, #10.32 (Wed, Jun 3, 1998)

File 1--MURKOWSKI: Free Speech Chilled by Junk Email law
File 2--Murkowski "Unsolicited Commercial Email Choice Act"
File 3--REVIEW: "Privacy on the Line", Whitfield Diffie/Susan Landau
File 4--Cu Digest Header Info (unchanged since 25 Apr, 1998)

CuD ADMINISTRATIVE, EDITORIAL, AND SUBSCRIPTION INFORMATION ApPEARS IN
THE CONCLUDING FILE AT THE END OF EACH ISSUE.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Date: Thu, 14 May 1998 11:36:32 -0400
From: "Robert A. Costner" <pooh@efga.org>
Subject: File 1--MURKOWSKI: Free Speech Chilled by Junk Email law

Source -- Fight-Censorship List <fight-censorship@vorlon.mit.edu>

I would like to write something detailed about the recently passed (in the
Senate) spam law, but I don't have time today.  So here are some quick
comments.  The proposed will

 * Restricts speech of normal email communications
 * Is vague in that "Unsolicited" is not defined
 * Has a trigger threshold of one email to one person
 * Attempts to legislate a particular technology for removals
 * Legitimizes spam, and does not effect many categories of spam

What follows are some random notes I have on this.

---------------------------

On May 12, 1998, the U.S. Senate adopted S. 1618 by a vote of 99-0.  This
was Senator Murkowski's attempt at stopping email spam.  The text of the
bill can be found at http://www.efga.org/netabuse/

An article in wired about this is located at
http://www.wired.com/news/news/politics/story/12289.html

The CAUCE web site, which no doubt has info on this is http://www.cauce.org/

   THIS EMAIL MESSAGE YOU ARE READING IS A COMMERCIAL MESSAGE

Yes.  Under the proposed bill, this is a commercial message.  Why?  Because
I have the wired link above, and wired is a site that by definition

    (C) promotes the use of or contains a list of one or more
        Internet sites that contain an advertisement

Guess what?  Wired has advertisements.  So do a lot of other sites.  Please
correct me if I am wrong, but apparently sending one copy of this one
message to any one email address may place a $15,000 fine on me.

Some other info I found in the bill.  For background.

Section 306 makes it illegal when any

    intervening interactive computer service provider knowingly
    and intentionally retransmits any electronic mail in violation
    of Sections 301 or 306

This only seems to apply to commercial advertising, or more specifically
email that contains commercial advertising, whether or not the intent was
to advertise.  It is unclear if this about to become federal law (in the
US) would hold a remailer or mail list liable for mail passing thru it.

    (1) COMMERCIAL ELECTRONIC MAIL.- The term "commercial electronic
    mail means any electronic mail that-
    (A) contains an advertisement for the sale of a product or service;
    (B) contains a solicitation for the use of a telephone number,
    the use of which connects the user to a person or service that
    advertises the sale of or sells a product or service; or
    (C) promotes the use of or contains a list of one or more
    Internet sites that contain an advertisement referred to in
    subparagraph (A) or a solicitation referred to in subparagraph (B).

The bill is specific about removing headers.  You may not alter headers to
make the message appear to not come from the original sender.

    (b) ROUTING INFORMATION-All internet routing information
    contained within or accompanying an electronic mail message
    described in subsection (a) must be accurate, valid according
    to the prevailing standards for Internet protocols, and
    accurately reflect message routing.

It should be noted that the $15,000 fine does not apply to bulk email, but
to a single message sent to a single person.

Therefore, it would appear that this message is covered under the bill.  If
this was sent by an anonymous remailer, it would seem the remailer operator
may be liable as well.

----------------------

Because this law effect all communications, not just bulk communications,
it requires that all email users maintain removal databases that are
triggered by the use of the keyword "remove" in the subject line.  As in

Subject --Remove me from your stupid list
Subject --Re: Remove
Subject --Can you suggest how I remove ants from my yard?

Software will interpret all above cases as a remove request, which under
the law, they in fact are.

The law really seems to have a lot of free speech implications.  Once I get
a chance, I'll read through it some more.



  -- Robert Costner                  Phone: (770) 512-8746
     Electronic Frontiers Georgia    mailto:pooh@efga.org
     http://www.efga.org/            run PGP 5.0 for my public key

------------------------------

Date: Fri, 15 May 1998 22:54:30 -0500
From: jthomas3@SUN.SOCI.NIU.EDU(Jim Thomas)
Subject: File 2--Murkowski "Unsolicited Commercial Email Choice Act"

((MODERATORS' NOTE: For those who missed it, here is a reprint of
the Murowski Act))

From:  http://www.senate.gov/~murkowski/commercialemail
(Senator Frank Murkowski homepage)

   Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
   States of America in Congress assembled,

   SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.

   This Act may be cited as the ``Unsolicited Commercial Electronic Mail
   Choice Act of 1997''.

   SEC. 2. FINDINGS.

   Congress makes the following findings:

   (1) The Internet is a worldwide network of information that growing
   numbers of Americans use on a regular basis for educational and
   personal activities.

   (2) Electronic mail messages transmitted on the Internet constitute an
   increasing percentage of communications in the United States.

   (3) Solicited commercial electronic mail is a useful and
   cost-effective means for Americans to receive information about a
   business and its products.

   (4) The number of transmissions of unsolicited commercial electronic
   mail advertisements has grown exponentially over the past several
   years as the technology for creating and transmitting such
   advertisements in bulk has made the costs of distribution of such
   advertisements minimal.

   (5) Individuals have available no effective means of differentiating
   between unsolicited commercial electronic mail advertisements and
   other Internet communications.

   (6) The transmitters of unsolicited commercial electronic mail
   advertisements can easily move from State to State.

   (7) Individuals and businesses that receive unsolicited commercial
   electronic mail advertisements often pay for the costs of such receipt
   ,including the costs of Internet access and long distance telephone
   charges.

   (8) Unsolicited commercial electronic mail can be used to advertise
   legitimate services and goods but is also used for fraudulent and
   deceptive purposes in violation of Federal and State law.

   (9) Individuals and companies that use unsolicited commercial
   electronic mail for fraudulent and deceptive purposes often use
   fraudulent identification information in such electronic mail, making
   it impossible for a recipient to request to be removed from the
   mailing list or for law enforcement authorities to identify the
   sender.

   (10) The inability of recipients of unsolicited commercial electronic
   mail to identify the senders of such electronic mail or to prevent its
   receipt impedes the flow of commerce and communication on the Internet
   and threatens the integrity of commerce on the Internet.

   (11) Internet service providers are burdened by the cost of equipment
   necessary to process unsolicited commercial electronic mail.

   (12) To facilitate the development of commerce and communication on
   the Internet, unsolicited commercial electronic mail should be readily
   identifiable and filterable by individuals and Internet service
   providers.

   SEC. 3. REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO TRANSMISSIONS OF UNSOLICITED
   COMMERCIAL ELECTRONIC MAIL.

   (a) Information on Advertisement.

   (1) Requirement.

   Unless otherwise authorized pursuant to a provision of section 7, a
   person who transmits an electronic mail message as part of the
   transmission of unsolicited commercial electronic mail shall cause to
   appear in each electronic mail message transmitted as part of such
   transmission the information specified in paragraph (3).

   (2) Placement.

   (A) Advertisement.

   The information specified in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (3) shall
   appear as the first word of the subject line of the electronic mail
   message without any prior text or symbol.

   (B) Other information._The information specified in subparagraph (B)
   of that paragraph shall appear prominently in the body of the message.


   (3) Covered information.

   The following information shall appear in an electronic mail message
   under paragraph (1):

   (A) The term ``advertisement''.

   (B) The name, physical address, electronic mail address, and telephone
   number of the person who initiates transmission of the message.

   (b) Routing Information.

   All Internet routing information contained within or accompanying an
   electronic mail message described in subsection (a) shall be valid
   according to the prevailing standards for Internet protocols.

   (c) Effective Date.

   The requirements in this section shall take effect 30 days after the
   date of enactment of this Act.

   SEC. 4. FEDERAL REGULATION OF UNSOLICITED COMMERCIAL ELECTRONIC MAIL.

   (a) Transmissions.

   (1) In general.

   Upon notice from a person of the person's receipt of electronic mail
   in violation of a provision of section 3 or 7, the Commission

   (A) may conduct an investigation to determine whether or not the
   electronic mail was transmitted in violation of the provision; and

   (B) if the Commission determines that the electronic mail was
   transmitted in violation of the provision, may

   (i) impose upon the person initiating the transmission a civil fine in
   an amount not to exceed $11,000;

   (ii) commence in a district court of the United States a civil action
   to recover a civil penalty in an amount not to exceed $11,000 against
   the person initiating the transmission; or

   (iii) both impose a fine under clause (i) and commence an action under
   clause (ii).

   (2) Deadline.

   The Commission may not take action under paragraph (1)(B) with respect
   to a transmission of electronic mail more than 2 years after the date
   of the transmission.

   (b) Administration.

   (1) Notice by electronic means.

   The Commission shall establish an Internet web site with an electronic
   mail address for the receipt of notices under subsection (a).

   (2) Information on enforcement.

   The Commission shall make available through the Internet web site
   established under paragraph (2) information on the actions taken by
   the Commission under subsection (a)(1)(B).

   (3) Assistance of federal communications commission.

   The Federal Communications Commission may assist the Commission in
   carrying out its duties this section.

   SEC. 5. ACTIONS BY STATES.

   (a) In General.

   Whenever an attorney general of any State has reason to believe that
   the interests of the residents of that State have been or are being
   threatened or adversely affected because any person is engaging in a
   pattern or practice of the transmission of electronic mail in
   violation of a provision of section 3 or 7, the State, as parens
   patriae, may bring a civil action on behalf of its residents to enjoin
   such transmission, to enforce compliance with the provision, to obtain
   damages or other compensation on behalf of its residents, or to obtain
   such further and other relief as the court considers appropriate.

   (b) Notice to Commission.

   (1) Notice.

   The State shall serve prior written notice of any civil action under
   this section upon the Commission and provide the Commission with a
   copy of its complaint, except that if it is not feasible for the State
   to provide such prior notice, the State shall serve written notice
   immediately upon instituting such action.

   (2) Rights of commission.

   Upon receiving a notice with respect to a civil action under paragraph
   (1), the Commission shall have the right

   (A) to intervene in the action;

   (B) upon so intervening, to be heard in all matters arising therein;
   and

   (C) to file petitions for appeal.

   (c) Actions by Commission.

   Whenever a civil action has been instituted by or on behalf of the
   Commission for violation of a provision of section 3 or 7, no State
   may, during the pendency of such action, institute a civil action
   under this section against any defendant named in the complaint in
   such action for violation of any provision as alleged in the
   complaint.

   (d) Construction.

   For purposes of bringing a civil action under subsection(a), nothing
   in this section shall prevent an attorney general from exercising the
   powers conferred on the attorney general by the laws of the State
   concerned to conduct investigations or to administer oaths or
   affirmations or to compel the attendance of witnesses or the
   production of documentary or other evidence.

   (e) Venue; Service of Process.

   Any civil action brought under subsection (a)in a district court of
   the United States may be brought in the district in which the
   defendant is found, is an inhabitant, or transacts business or
   wherever venue is proper under section 1391 of title 28, United States
   Code. Process in such an action may be served in any district in which
   the defendant is an inhabitant or in which the defendant may be found.


   (f) Actions by Other State Officials.

   Nothing in this section may be construed to prohibit an authorized
   State official from proceeding in State court on the basis of an
   alleged violation of any civil or criminal statute of the State
   concerned.

   (g) Definition.

   In this section, the term ``attorney general'' means the chief legal
   officer of a State.

   SEC. 6. INTERNET SERVICE PROVIDERS.

   (a) Exemption for Certain Transmissions.

   The provisions of this Act shall not apply to a transmission of
   electronic mail by an interactive computer service provider unless the
   provider initiates the transmission.

   (b) Notice of Transmissions from Commission.

   Not later than 72 hours after receipt from the Commission of notice
   that its computer equipment may have been used by another person to
   initiate a transmission of electronic mail in violation of a provision
   of section 3 or 7, an interactive computer service provider shall

   (1) provide the Commission such information as the Commission requires
   in order to determine whether or not the computer equipment of the
   provider was used to initiate the transmission; and

   (2) if the Commission determines that the computer equipment of the
   provider was used to initiate the transmission, take appropriate
   actions to terminate the use of its computer equipment by that person.


   (c) Notice of Transmissions from Private Individuals.

   (1) In general.

   Subject to paragraph (2), not later than 14 days after receipt from a
   private person of notice that its computer equipment may have been
   used by another person to initiate a transmission of electronic mail
   in violation of a provision of section 3 or 7, an interactive computer
   service provider shall

   (A) transmit the notice to the Commission together with such
   information as the Commission requires in order to determine whether
   or not the computer equipment of the provider was used to initiate the
   transmission; and

   (B) if the Commission determines that the computer equipment of the
   provider was used to initiate the transmission, take appropriate
   actions to terminate the use of its computer equipment by that person.


   (2) Minimum notice requirement.

   An interactive computer service provider shall transmit a notice under
   paragraph (1) with respect to a particular transmission of electronic
   mail only if the provider receives notice with respect to the
   transmission from more than 100 private persons.

   (d) Blocking Systems.

   (1) Requirement.

   Each interactive computer service provider shall make available to
   subscribers to such service a system permitting such subscribers, upon
   the affirmative electronic request of such subscribers, to block the
   receipt through such service of any electronic mail that contains the
   term``advertisement'' in its subject line.

   (2) Notice of availability.

   Upon the applicability of this subsection to an interactive computer
   service provider, the provider shall

   (A) notify each current subscriber, if any, to the service of the
   blocking system provided for under paragraph (1); and

   (B) notify any new subscribers to the service of the blocking system.

   (3) Blocking by provider.

   An interactive computer service provider may, upon its own initiative,
   block the receipt through its service of any electronic mail that
   contains the term ``advertisement'' in its subject line.

   (4) Applicability.

   The requirements in paragraphs (1) and (2) shall apply

   (A) beginning 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, in the
   case of an interactive computer service provider having more than
   25,000 or more subscribers; and

   (B) beginning 2 years after that date, in the case of an interactive
   computer service provider having less than 25,000 subscribers.

   (e) Records.

   An interactive computer service provider shall retain records of any
   action taken on a notice received under this section for not less than
   2 years after the date of receipt of the notice.

   (f) Construction.

   Nothing in this section may be construed to require an interactive
   computer service provider to transmit or otherwise deliver any
   electronic mail message containing the term ``advertisement'' in its
   subject line.

   (g) Definition.

   In this section, the term ``interactive computer service provider''
   has the meaning given that term in section 230(e)(2) of the
   Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 230(e)(2)).

   SEC. 7. RECEIPT OF TRANSMISSIONS BY PRIVATE PERSONS.

   (a) Termination of Transmissions.

   (1) Request.

   A person who receives a transmission of unsolicited commercial
   electronic mail not otherwise authorized under this section may
   request, by electronic mail to the same electronic mail address from
   which the transmission originated, the termination of transmissions of
   such mail by the person initiating the transmission.

   (2) Deadline.

   A person receiving a request for the termination of transmissions of
   electronic mail under this subsection shall cease initiating
   transmissions of electronic mail to the person submitting the request
   not later than 48 hours after receipt of the request.

   (b) Affirmative Authorization of Transmissions Without Information.

   (1) In general.

   Subject to paragraph (2), a person may authorize another person to
   initiate transmissions to the person of unsolicited commercial
   electronic mail without inclusion in such transmissions of the
   information required by section 3.

   (2) Termination.

   (A) Notice.

   A person initiating transmissions of electronic mail under paragraph
   (1) shall include, with each transmission of such mail to a person
   authorizing the transmission under that paragraph, notice that the
   person authorizing the transmission may request at any time the
   recommencement of the inclusion in such transmissions of the
   information required by section 3.

   (B) Deadline.

   A person receiving a request under this paragraph shall include the
   information required by section 3 in all transmissions of unsolicited
   commercial electronic mail to the person making the request beginning
   not later than 48 hours after receipt of the request.

   (c) Constructive Authorization of Transmissions Without Information.

   (1) In general.

   Subject to paragraph (2), a person who secures a good or service from,
   or otherwise responds electronically to, an offer in a transmission of
   unsolicited commercial electronic mail shall be deemed to have
   authorized transmissions of such mail without inclusion of the
   information required under section 3 from the person who initiates the
   transmission providing the basis for such authorization.

   (2) Termination.

   (A) Request.

   A person deemed to have authorized the transmissions of electronic
   mail under paragraph (1) may request at any time the recommencement of
   the inclusion in such transmissions of the information required by
   section 3.

   (B) Deadline.

   A person receiving a request under this paragraph shall include the
   information required by section 3 in all transmissions of unsolicited
   commercial electronic mail to the person making the request beginning
   not later than 48 hours after receipt of the request.

   (d) Effective Date of Termination Requirements.

   Subsections (a), (b)(2), and(c)(2) shall take effect 30 days after the
   date of enactment of this Act.

   SEC. 8. ACTIONS BY PRIVATE PERSONS.

   (a) In General.

   Any person adversely affected by a violation of a provision of section
   3 or 7, or an authorized person acting on such person's behalf, may,
   within 1 year after discovery of the violation, bring a civil action
   in a district court of the United States against a person who has
   violated the provision. Such an action may be brought to enjoin the
   violation, to enforce compliance with the provision, to obtain
   damages, or to obtain such further and other relief as the court
   considers appropriate.

   (b) Damages.

   (1) In general.

   The amount of damages in an action under this section for a violation
   specified in subsection (a) may not exceed $5,000 per violation.

   (2) Relationship to other damages.

   Damages awarded for a violation under this subsection are in addition
   to any other damages awardable for the violation under any other
   provision of law.

   (c) Cost and Fees.

   The court, in issuing any final order in any action brought under
   subsection (a), may award costs of suit and reasonable attorney fees
   and expert witness fees for the prevailing party.

   (d) Venue; Service of Process.

   Any civil action brought under subsection (a)in a district court of
   the United States may be brought in the district in which the
   defendant is found, is an inhabitant, or transacts business or
   wherever venue is proper under section 1391 of title 28, United States
   Code. Process in such an action may be served in any district in which
   the defendant is an inhabitant or in which the defendant may be found.


   SEC. 9. RELATION TO STATE LAWS.

   (a) State Law Applicable Unless Inconsistent.

   The provisions of this Act do not annul, alter, or affect the
   applicability to any person, or otherwise exempt from the
   applicability to any person, of the laws of any State with respect to
   the transmission of unsolicited commercial electronic, except to the
   extent that those laws are inconsistent with any provision of this
   Act,and then only to the extent of the inconsistency.

   (b) Requirement Relating to Determination of Inconsistency.

   The Commission may not determine that a State law is inconsistent with
   a provision of this Act if the Commission determines that such law
   places greater restrictions on the transmission of unsolicited
   commercial electronic mail than are provided for under such provision.


   SEC. 10. DEFINITIONS.

   In this Act:

   (1) Commercial electronic mail. The term ``commercial electronic
   mail''means any electronic mail that

   (A) contains an advertisement for the sale of a product or service;

   (B) contains a solicitation for the use of a toll-free telephone
   number or a telephone number with a 900 prefix the use of which
   connects the user to a person or service that advertises the sale of
   or sells a product or service; or

   (C) contains a list of one or more Internet sites that contain an
   advertisement referred to in subparagraph (A) or a solicitation
   referred to in subparagraph (B).

   (2) Commission.

   The term ``Commission'' means the Federal Trade Commission.

   (3) State.

   The term ``State'' means any State of the United States, the District
   of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the United States
   Virgin Islands, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the
   Republic of the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia,
   the Republic of Palau, and any possession of the United States.

------------------------------

Date: Tue, 5 May 1998 08:35:39 -0800
From: "Rob Slade, doting grandpa of Ryan and Trevor" <rslade@sprint.ca>
Subject: File 3--REVIEW: "Privacy on the Line", Whitfield Diffie/Susan Landau

BKPRIVLN.RVW   980301

"Privacy on the Line", Whitfield Diffie/Susan Landau, 1998,
0-262-04167-7, U$25.00
%A   Whitfield Diffie
%A   Susan Landau
%C   55 Hayward Street, Cambridge, MA   02142-1399
%D   1998
%G   0-262-04167-7
%I   MIT Press
%O   U$25.00 +1-800-356-0343 fax: +1-617-625-6660 manak@mit.edu
%P   342 p.
%T   "Privacy on the Line: The Politics of Wiretapping and Encryption"

This seems to be the year for privacy.  Hard on the heels of
"Technology and Privacy" (cf. BKTCHPRV.RVW), "The Electronic Privacy
Papers" (cf. BKELPRPA.RVW), and the related "Borders in Cyberspace"
(cf. BKBRDCYB.RVW) comes this volume.

Given the emotional content with which the encryption debate has been
loaded in recent years, it is important that the introduction, in
chapter one, is a neutral and even-handed look at the background of
the discussion, presenting the issues on both sides, although little
of the case for either.  Specific references may be from the United
States, but the arguments made are generic enough to be considered by
all audiences.  Chapter two gives an overview of cryptography, which
is, of course, excellent.  Not only does it explain the importance of
keys and cryptographic strength, but it also gives insightful analysis
into business and social factors in the development of the field.
Cryptography and public policy, in chapter three, is restricted to
developments within (and related to) the US, but looks at all types of
issues, both technical and not.  Chapter four discusses national
security with a quick but clear and thorough overview of the various
aspects of intelligence gathering, particularly communications
intelligence.  There is also brief mention of information warfare.
Much of the heat in the current debate about encryption restrictions
involves law enforcement.  (References are frequently made to drug and
child pornography rings.)  Therefore, the brevity of chapter five is
disappointing.  The content, however, is not.  It builds a solid
framework for the topic, and notes an instructive difference in
effectiveness between wiretaps and other electronic bugs.  Chapter six
is again specific to US history, reviewing activities both in support,
and destructive, of privacy.

Chapter seven deals specifically with wiretapping technology,
activities, and legality in the US.  Much of the material in the
chapter has been at least touched on previously, and there is
noticeable duplication.  There is less duplication in chapter eight's
discussion of the current communications scene, although little new
material.  The same is not the case with current cryptography in
chapter nine, providing brief backgrounds of the myriad efforts being
made to disseminate and suppress encryption capabilities.  The
conclusion, in chapter ten, seems to come down on the side of opening
encryption development and distribution.

An extensive, possibly exhaustive, bibliography is a major resource in
the book.

The thorough research, even tone, and informed analysis make this work
an excellent foundation for discussion.  It does not, however, provide
much in the way of direction.  That the authors should tend to support
the dropping of restrictions on cryptography is not surprising, but
such support is neither strong nor impassioned.

copyright Robert M. Slade, 1998   BKPRIVLN.RVW   980301

------------------------------

Date: Thu, 25 Apr 1998 22:51:01 CST
From: CuD Moderators <cudigest@sun.soci.niu.edu>
Subject: File 4--Cu Digest Header Info (unchanged since 25 Apr, 1998)

Cu-Digest is a weekly electronic journal/newsletter. Subscriptions are
available at no cost electronically.

CuD is available as a Usenet newsgroup: comp.society.cu-digest

Or, to subscribe, send post with this in the "Subject:: line:

     SUBSCRIBE CU-DIGEST
Send the message to:   cu-digest-request@weber.ucsd.edu

DO NOT SEND SUBSCRIPTIONS TO THE MODERATORS.

The editors may be contacted by voice (815-753-6436), fax (815-753-6302)
or U.S. mail at:  Jim Thomas, Department of Sociology, NIU, DeKalb, IL
60115, USA.

To UNSUB, send a one-line message:   UNSUB CU-DIGEST
Send it to  CU-DIGEST-REQUEST@WEBER.UCSD.EDU
(NOTE: The address you unsub must correspond to your From: line)

CuD is readily accessible from the Net:
  UNITED STATES: ftp.etext.org (206.252.8.100) in /pub/CuD/CuD
    Web-accessible from: http://www.etext.org/CuD/CuD/
                  ftp.eff.org (192.88.144.4) in /pub/Publications/CuD/
                  aql.gatech.edu (128.61.10.53) in /pub/eff/cud/
                  world.std.com in /src/wuarchive/doc/EFF/Publications/CuD/
                  wuarchive.wustl.edu in /doc/EFF/Publications/CuD/
  EUROPE:         nic.funet.fi in pub/doc/CuD/CuD/ (Finland)
                  ftp.warwick.ac.uk in pub/cud/ (United Kingdom)


The most recent issues of CuD can be obtained from the
Cu Digest WWW site at:
  URL: http://www.soci.niu.edu/~cudigest/

COMPUTER UNDERGROUND DIGEST is an open forum dedicated to sharing
information among computerists and to the presentation and debate of
diverse views.  CuD material may  be reprinted for non-profit as long
as the source is cited. Authors hold a presumptive copyright, and
they should be contacted for reprint permission.  It is assumed that
non-personal mail to the moderators may be reprinted unless otherwise
specified.  Readers are encouraged to submit reasoned articles
relating to computer culture and communication.  Articles are
preferred to short responses.  Please avoid quoting previous posts
unless absolutely necessary.

DISCLAIMER: The views represented herein do not necessarily represent
            the views of the moderators. Digest contributors assume all
            responsibility for ensuring that articles submitted do not
            violate copyright protections.

------------------------------

End of Computer Underground Digest #10.32
************************************

