
Computer underground Digest    Sun  Mar 29, 1998   Volume 10 : Issue 20
                           ISSN  1004-042X

       Editor: Jim Thomas (cudigest@sun.soci.niu.edu)
       News Editor: Gordon Meyer (gmeyer@sun.soci.niu.edu)
       Archivist: Brendan Kehoe
       Shadow Master: Stanton McCandlish
       Shadow-Archivists: Dan Carosone / Paul Southworth
                          Ralph Sims / Jyrki Kuoppala
                          Ian Dickinson
       Field Agent Extraordinaire:   David Smith
       Cu Digest Homepage: http://www.soci.niu.edu/~cudigest

CONTENTS, #10.20 (Sun, Mar 29, 1998)

File 1--Wanted ASAP: Expert witness for Mitnick trial
File 2--Hotmail.com sues spammers (presss release)
File 3--X-Stop lawsuit
File 4--Ban on Internet Porn Leads to Suit
File 5--Re: Brian Milburn (Cu Digest #10.17 Sun 8 Mar 98)
File 6--[Cyberpatrol PR]  Demo for OECD in Paris
File 7--"The Air We Breathe" (Islands in the Clickstream 21 Mar '98)
File 8--Cu Digest Header Info (unchanged since 7 March, 1998)

CuD ADMINISTRATIVE, EDITORIAL, AND SUBSCRIPTION INFORMATION APPEARS IN
THE CONCLUDING FILE AT THE END OF EACH ISSUE.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Date: Sun, 22 Mar 1998 19:33:00 -0500
From: "Evian S. Sim" <evian@escape.com>
Subject: Subject: File 1--Wanted ASAP: Expert witness for Mitnick trial

Computer Expert Witness Needed *Immediately*.

A computer expert is needed immediately to testify as an expert witness
in an ongoing criminal matter in Federal District Court in Los Angeles.
Kevin Mitnick is seeking a highly credentialed expert in computer
security, telecommunications, system and network administration to testify
in this highly publicized computer "hacking" case.

This will be a groundbreaking case and is expected to attract significant
media coverage. Testimony will be required as early as March 30, 1998 in
Los Angeles, California.  Further testimony will be needed at trial, later
this year.  Expert witness fees will be paid by the federal court.

Qualified candidates must have an advanced degree and be knowledgeable in
DOS, Windows, SunOS, VAX/VMS, and Internet operations.  Experience with
cellular telephone networks is a plus.  Previous expert testimony and/or
publication are preferred.

Qualified candidates please contact Mr. Mitnick though his appointed
defense counsel, Donald C. Randolph, Esq. at (310) 395-7900.

------------------------------

Date: Sun, 22 Mar 1998 16:09:20 -0600
From: jthomas@SUN.SOCI.NIU.EDU(Jim Thomas)
Subject: Subject: File 2--Hotmail.com sues spammers (presss release)

Hotmail Takes the Offensive Against Spammers

  LEADING FREE WEB-BASED E-MAIL PROVIDER TAKES AGGRESSIVE LEGAL ACTION

   www.hotmail.com

   Sunnyvale, CA - January 26, 1998- Hotmail (www.hotmail.com), the
   world's largest Web-based e-mail service with 10 million active
   accounts, today announced that it has filed suit in federal court
   against eight organizations. The suit alleges that the offenders
   forged Hotmail's "hotmail.com" domain name into the return addresses
   of unsolicited commercial and offensive e-mail messages that
   wrongfully identified Hotmail as the originating service.

   Hotmail has a strict anti-spam policy that begins with the Hotmail
   Terms of Service. These terms - which prohibit members from various
   abuses of the service, including the transmission of spam and
   offensive material - are strictly enforced by Hotmail's customer
   service operation. Hotmail also is a leading participant in numerous
   anti-spam efforts, including the Center for Democracy & Technology's
   monthly ad-hoc meetings in Washington, DC, advising the FTC on the
   issue. Hotmail is also a top-ten contributor to the "spam-L" mailing
   list - an active and well respected anti-spam community.

   Hotmail has implemented a number of site-wide technical measures
   designed to make it extremely difficult to send spam from a Hotmail
   account. Where these efforts have practically eliminated
   Hotmail-originated spam, it is possible to create e-mail messages
   outside of the Hotmail system and insert an "@hotmail.com" e-mail
   address in the header, making it appear to have been sent by a Hotmail
   member. This practice is widespread and is a problem for many large
   ISPs and e-mail providers. Such forged return addresses (found in the
   header of the e-mail message) disguise the originator's identity and
   redirect the angry response to the unknowing service provider.

   "The transmission of spam is a practice widely condemned in the
   Internet community and is of significant concern to Hotmail," said
   Randy Delucchi, director of customer support for Hotmail. "We will
   continue to pursue those whom we believe deceitfully hide behind
   Hotmail's trusted brand and name, and hold them responsible under
   federal laws."

   In its complaint, Hotmail notes that deceptive practices of spammers
   damage its reputation and business. Hotmail alleges trademark
   infringement and dilution, unfair competition, violations of the
   federal Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, as well as fraud and libel. The
   suit seeks unspecified compensatory and punitive damages against each
   of the eight defendants, named below:

   Van$ Money Pie; ALS Enterprises, Inc.; LCGM, Inc.; Christopher Moss
   d/b/a Genesis Network; Claremont Holdings Ltd.; Consumer Connections
   (Charlotte, N. Carolina); Palmer & Associates (San Diego, Calif.); and
   Financial Research Group (El Cajon, Calif.).

   The action, filed in United States District Court for the Northern
   District of California, San Jose Division, also asks the court for a
   preliminary and permanent injunction against the spammers.

   About Hotmail
   Hotmail, a wholly owned subsidiary of Microsoft, is the world's
   leading provider of globally accessible free Web-based electronic
   mail. Hotmail's service was recently named on PC Computing's coveted
   "A List" as the best in Web Communications, was given CNET's highest
   ratings in all categories for free e-mail, and received critical
   acclaim from PC Magazine's John C. Dvorak. Because Hotmail's
   award-winning service is hosted entirely on the Internet, e-mail is
   now available at any Web terminal.

   Hotmail is a password-protected, feature-rich e-mail system that also
   offers advanced capabilities including: instant mail delivery, MIME
   and UUEncoded file attachments; personal address books; spell
   checking; filtering and embedded hyper-links. Because Hotmail is
   Web-based, users can send, view and navigate entire Web pages within a
   Hotmail message.

   In addition, your Hotmail address is permanent. Whether you change
   ISPs, jobs, or move out of the country, you can always access a
   Hotmail account from Web connected devices. Advertising banners
   similar to those seen on other Web sites support Hotmail. Hotmail is
   also a leading advocate of anti-spam measures in the e-mail industry.
   To sign up, simply set your Web browser to http://www.hotmail.com.

------------------------------

Date: Tue, 10 Feb 1998 10:02:15 -0600 (CST)
From: John McAnally <a10jmm1@nirvana.acs.niu.edu>
Subject: Subject: File 3--X-Stop lawsuit

From Edupage:

SUIT CHALLENGES USE OF FILTERING SOFTWARE IN PUBLIC LIBRARY
The American Civil Liberties Union and a columnist for the San Francisco
Examiner are among eight plaintiffs challenging the constitutionality of a
decision by a library in Loudon County, Virginia, to use filtering software
to block certain Internet sites from its publicly available computers. The
X-Stop software, which is intended to screen out obscene material or
sexually explicit language, is blocking sites that include some mainstream
newspapers, a Methodist church, a university women's association, and a
safe-sex page for teenagers.  An ACLU attorney says:  "We should hold
libraries to the higher standards of the First Amendment.  You simply can't
block books that are constitutionally protected."  The chair of the
library's board says:  "The library has the right to choose the material in
its library.  We could become the financers of pornography."  (AP 8 Feb 98)

------------------------------

Date: Tue, 24 Mar 1998 13:40:03 +0100
From: Anonymous <this-will-bounce@zoom.nu>
Subject: Subject: File 4--Ban on Internet Porn Leads to Suit

Source -  fight-censorship@vorlon.mit.edu

>   Los Angeles Times
>   Saturday, March 21, 1998
>
>
>   Libraries' Ban on Internet Porn Sparks Lawsuit
>
>       Courts: Libertarian Party says county system's rules violate 1st
>   Amendment. Patrons are required to sign a form promising not to view
>   sex sites.
>
>   By SCOTT HADLY, Times Staff Writer
>
>       Free speech advocates in Ventura County are knocking heads with
>       county officials over an attempt to keep Internet surfers away
>       from pornography at public libraries.
>            Ventura County's library system requires users of branch
>       computer terminals to sign a form promising they will not view
>       sexually explicit material. But such a requirement is
>       unconstitutional, says the Libertarian Party of Ventura County in
>       a lawsuit filed March 3.
>            The restrictions violate the 1st Amendment rights of library
>       patrons, said attorney William John Weilbacher.
>            "This isn't about the merits of pornography," said
>       Weilbacher, who filed the suit. "It's about the government having
>       no business saying what you can and cannot look at."
>            The suit is one of many that have sprouted up across the
>       nation that pit civil libertarians against public libraries that
>       attempt to keep smut off their public-access terminals.
>            Public libraries in Kern County in February ended a policy of
>       using software filters to block access to sexually explicit
>       Internet sites after threats of a lawsuit by the American Civil
>       Liberties Union.
>            A similar case is now pending in Orange County, and in
>       Virginia a library agency vowed to fight all the way to the
>       Supreme Court a challenge to its policy of blocking access to
>       pornography.
>            While many filters effectively block out pornography, they
>       also can block out sites that have information on such things as
>       AIDS and breast cancer, opponents argue.
>            Last year the American Library Assn. adopted a resolution
>       condemning the use of filter programs to block constitutionally
>       protected speech.
>            Weilbacher said even though the Ventura library system does
>       not have a computer filtering system, the rules that require
>       patrons to sign a form saying they will not access certain sites
>       is going too far.
>            "The general rule is that the government is not allowed to
>       regulate speech," he said. "It's perfectly fine to regulate
>       unlawful speech like child pornography, but they're crossing the
>       threshold by restricting adults from viewing what is legal."
>            Eleven members of the Libertarian Party of Ventura County are
>       listed as plaintiffs on the case, including Andrea Nagy, who
>       recently attempted to open the county's first club to dispense
>       medicinal marijuana.
[...]

------------------------------

Date: Mon, 9 Mar 1998 12:45:56 +0000
From: Benjamin Kaiser <juju_ben@mail.geocities.com>
Subject: Subject: File 5--Re: Brian Milburn (Cu Digest #10.17 Sun 8 Mar 98)

Several people have expressed an interest in finding out what
Cybersitter blocks.  I recently did a paper on blocking software, and
found the following file.

The first part is a list of words or thoughts that Cybersitter deems
inappropriate for children, and removes from all text transmitted
or recieved while the program is active.

It is followed by a list of domains that Cybersitter forbids access
to.  These include pornographic sites, sites that advocate
alternative lifestyles, sites that criticise Cybersitter, or blocking
software in general, and quite a few universities and ISP's that had
a few pages, somewhere on their servers, that were deemed
inappropriate.

I have no idea how up to date this file is.

I found it several months ago at
http://atropos.c2.net/~sameer/cybersitter.txt

<list deleted- CuD>
Date: Wed, 25 Mar 1998 15:15:36 -0800 (PST)
From: "Carl M. Kadie" <kadie@eff.org>
Subject: Subject: File 6--[Cyberpatrol PR]  Demo for OECD in Paris

Source -  fight-censorship@vorlon.mit.edu

[A press release that may be of interest to FC.
  - Carl
Disclaimer: I speak for myself, not EFF, not my employer, not the Learning Co.


    PARIS, March 25 The Learning Company, Inc. (NYSE: TLC), today
demonstrated its Internet filtering software, "Cyber Patrol," at an
international forum of policymakers examining Internet content and the
role of regulation.

    The educational forum, attended by official delegates to the Organization
for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), follows two years of
investigation by the OECD's Committee for Information, Computer and
Communication Policy into how countries are dealing with content in
the new online medium.

    "We are honored to have been invited to represent the filtering
industry at this forum," said Susan Getgood, director of corporate
communications for The Learning Company. "We plan to demonstrate how
Internet filtering technology provides users with the ability to
effectively manage the content they access over the Internet better
than any national law ever could."

    Governments around the globe have been grappling with whether or
not to attempt to regulate content on the Internet, including material
that is pornographic, violent or otherwise objectionable to some
audiences. The forum today precedes a meeting on Thursday by OECD
delegates, who are expected to discuss whether additional work is
required to finish compiling an "inventory" of how member states are
addressing Internet content.

    Some OECD member states have pushed for the creation of guidelines
for countries to follow in drafting regulations on Internet
content. The United States, after the failure last year of the
Communications Decency Act, now supports a policy of self-regulation
and empowerment of individual computer users designed to encourage the
free flow of information. This allows the Internet to achieve its full
potential as an economic and educational tool.

    "Our role is to demonstrate for delegates the best,
state-of-the-art and most widely used filtering technology,"
Ms. Getgood said, adding that "Cyber Patrol" is available over the
Internet to users in all the countries represented at the OECD.

    The OECD Forum: Internet Content Self-Regulation included 18
speakers on four panels from companies and organizations such as the
Associazione Italiana Internet Providers, the Australian Information
Industries Association, Telecom Service Association of Japan, Groupe
Bull of France, Sympatico/Medialinx of Canada, AT&T and IBM of the
United States.

    "Cyber Patrol" is the most international of the leading
U.S. filtering software products. It is available in multiple
languages and can be downloaded over the Internet from anywhere in the
world. This spring, The Learning Company will introduce localized,
retail versions of "Cyber Patrol" software in France, the Netherlands
and the United Kingdom, with Spanish and German language retail
versions to follow later in the year. A Japanese language version is
already available through a distributor in Japan. In addition, "Cyber
Patrol" is available in French and German to European subscribers
accessing the Internet over CompuServe, and is offered by a growing
number of telecommunications companies, such as British Telecom and
New Zealand Telecom, that provide Internet access.

    Ms. Getgood noted that in addition to being the filtering software
most widely-used by families and schools wishing to manage children's
access to the Internet, a growing number of businesses throughout
Europe are using network versions of "Cyber Patrol" to manage employee
access to the Internet.

    "Cyber Patrol" allows parents to tailor access to the Internet to
each individual child according to age and maturity. The software
filters Internet content based on a proprietary list of sites compiled
over more than two years by a team of teachers and parents who have
researched more than five million sites on the World Wide Web. This
list, called the CyberNOT list, contains more than 50,000 sites deemed
inappropriate because of nudity, violence, hate speech, graphic and
shocking images, and material that encourages the inappropriate use of
drugs and alcohol. "Cyber Patrol" software also contains a list of
kid-friendly sites that parents can use for younger children as a
restricted "cyber playground." These educational and entertaining
sites comprise the CyberYES list. Both lists are constantly updated.

    Parents can add or delete individual sites to customize the list
to a family's own values and beliefs. Parents also can choose to
filter using a system known as PICS. PICS systems in use today include
rating systems that support self-labeling by Web site owners and
independent, third-party labeling bureaus.

    "Cyber Patrol" does more than simply control access to the
Web. Families can control the amount of time each week children spend
surfing the Net and select which hours each day a child is allowed
online. Parents can control participation in chat rooms, while a
feature called ChatGard allows families to protect their children from
inadvertently divulging personal information to strangers online.

    In the United States, "Cyber Patrol" is the parental control
technology offered by America Online, CompuServe, Prodigy, AT&T,
Ameritech, GTE and dozens of individual Internet Service Providers. In
the U.S. Supreme Court's decision on the Communications Decency Act,
"Cyber Patrol" was cited by the court as a way of protecting children
that did not infringe on Americans' right of free speech. Since the
court's decision, the software has grown in popularity and
sophistication.

    The OECD, founded in 1960, includes Austria, Australia, Belgium,
Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Iceland, Ireland,
Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway,
Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, the United Kingdom and
the United States.

    The Learning Company, Inc. develops, publishes and markets a
family of premium software brands that educate across every age, from
young children to adults. The company's products are sold in more than
23,000 retail stores in North America and through multiple
distribution channels including school sales, online, direct marketing
and OEM. The company also develops, publishes and distributes products
internationally through subsidiaries in France, Germany, the United
Kingdom, Holland and Japan, and with distributors throughout Europe,
Latin America and the Pacific Rim. The Paris headquarters of The
Learning Company, TLC Edusoft, are located at 132, boulevard
Camelinat, 92247 Malakoff, telephone 33 1 46 73 05 55; fax: 33 1 46 73
05 65. The company's corporate headquarters are located at One
Athenaeum Street, Cambridge, Mass. 02142; telephone 617-494-1200; fax
617-494-1219. The corporate Web site is located at www.learningco.com,
and Customer Service can be reached at 617-494-5700.

    NOTE:  All trademarks and registered trademarks are properties of their
respective holders.

------------------------------

Date: Mon, 23 Mar 1998 14:25:07 -0600
From: Richard Thieme <rthieme@THIEMEWORKS.COM>
Subject: Subject: File 7--"The Air We Breathe" (Islands in the Clickstream 21 Mar '98)

Islands in the Clickstream:
                                        The Air We Breathe


Nothing is harder to see than what we believe so deeply we don't know we
believe it. That's why a frontal assault on our core beliefs is always
doomed. Our minds think they themselves are under assault, rather than the
beliefs they have adopted, and defenses go into gear to rationalize,
minimize, or deny what they're hearing. Or else the anomalous data creates
so much cognitive dissonance that our minds just plain shut down.

The degree to which technologies of communication, surveillance and control
have insinuated themselves into our everyday lives is striking. Here in
Wisconsin, a bill just sailed through the legislature that expanded the
state's authority to collect health care information.  The bill allows the
Office of Health Care Information to collect and publish financial and
other data from doctors and health care providers in addition to data
gathered from hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers.

Remarkable to those concerned about "function creep" was the lack of
concern on the part of the public. Everyone pretty much lined up on behalf
of "efficiency and safety," the two horsemen of the apocalypse of privacy
rights. The legislative committee was "stacked" on behalf of the measure
and the public was informed after the fact, the bill having been called
suddenly the night before the vote was scheduled.

This is a holographic slice of a bigger picture. The technologies of
linkage and the power of those who profit from using them are the true
weapons of information warfare. That war is fought not with lasers and
satellites patrolling the "high ground" of earth orbit, but in the trenches
of our daily lives. Because the consequences of ubiquitous linkage are
often invisible, the average person - with limited time and mental
resources - is unaware that the hidden infrastructure of a global political
economy is being built out of the mundane data of their lives.

When I recently pressed a career officer in the intelligence community
about practices that alarmed me, he maintained that those practices were
illegal, hence nonexistent. After a few drinks, however, he acknowledged
that many intelligence agents find it easier to ask forgiveness than
permission and act accordingly. That all-too-human reality is why we will
pay in the future for every time we refuse to speak or act in the present
on behalf of the privacy that secures our freedoms. Without secure
boundaries, there are no individuals =85 and no individual rights.  The
primacy of the collective, a by-product of the transforming power of
information technology, is paradoxically entering mainstream thinking as a
priority through the political action of those who believe they are
supporting a conservative, business-friendly agenda.

It's as if the entire world is joining NATO, justifying Cold War behaviors
by invoking the Evil Enemy. But unlike the Cold War, when there was at
least another camp, the "other side" now means people anywhere who oppose
the converging self-interested policies of the
military-industrial-information complex.


And now for something completely different.

Children's toys are often an early warning system in which the future first
becomes visible.

"Sound Bites" is the name of a new technology recently introduced at the
annual Toy Fair in New York. A person inserts a lollipop in a Sound Bites
holder, and when they bite into it, sound vibrations travel through their
teeth to the inner ear where they are heard as normal sounds.  This magical
effect lets snackers hear music (guitars, drums, or sax), special effects,
or voices.

The notion of slipping advertisements, propaganda, or suggestions into our
meals is so outrageous I expect it to be adopted without a murmur.  One
imagines voices coming into our heads from every artifact.  Deserts in the
company cafeteria, basketballs as we dribble down the court, even sex toys
will all have something to say. Everything will be a means for
communication =85 as indeed, everything already is, but today those messages
are still mostly implicit, while these songs and jingles will be as
explicit and close to our noses as bumper stickers.


And now for something even more different.

A hobby in which I have indulged myself for years is the investigation of
UFO phenomena. It's an interesting puzzle, requiring cross-referencing
texts in the public record with the confidences of mostly plain people, as
well as intelligence agents, air force officers, and airline pilots. Like
most amateur investigators, I find that ninety per cent plus of what I read
or hear can be explained or discarded, but - again, like most - the
remaining accounts are pretty compelling.

Yet what interests me as much as the data is the widespread ridicule that
greets even the most reasonable statements about the phenomena, e.g. it is
worthy of investigation, if only as a psychological or sociological
phenomena. One hesitates even to mention this interest because of that
predictable response.

Such ridicule apparently became official policy around 1953. Before that,
for five years (1947-1952), UFO phenomena was taken seriously by
governments in public and private. An early head of Project Blue Book
stated that behind the Pentagon's closed doors, the argument was not about
the reality of the phenomenon, but whether its origins were Russian or
extraterrestrial. A widespread wave of sightings in 1952 became the point
of departure for a policy of debunking. Air force fighter pilots and
commercial airline pilots alike have told me how they and their colleagues
learned quickly not to risk their careers or reputations by making a report
or going public with details of an encounter.


Indifference to the erosion of privacy rights =85 candy that sings to our
brains =85 a policy of public ridicule that discredits innocent people.

It is easier than ever to engage in sleight-of-hand, manufacture a
consensus, and manipulate dissent. Yet the truth too is boosted by
technology. Truth too sings to our brains, and the linkage technologies
that magnify the fictions we seem to need to sleep easily in our beds will
disseminate as well the truths that fuel our hunger for knowledge and our
passion to be free.

**********************************************************************

Islands in the Clickstream is a weekly column written by
Richard Thieme exploring social and cultural dimensions
of computer technology. Comments are welcome.

Feel free to pass along columns for personal use, retaining this
signature file. If interested in (1) publishing columns
online or in print, (2) giving a free subscription as a gift, or
(3) distributing Islands to employees or over a network,
email for details.

To subscribe to Islands in the Clickstream, send email to
rthieme@thiemeworks.com with the words "subscribe islands" in the
body of the message. To unsubscribe, email with "unsubscribe
islands" in the body of the message.

Richard Thieme is a professional speaker, consultant, and writer
focused on the impact of computer technology on individuals and
organizations.

Islands in the Clickstream (c) Richard Thieme, 1998. All rights reserved.

ThiemeWorks on the Web: 	http://www.thiemeworks.com

ThiemeWorks  P. O. Box 17737  Milwaukee WI 53217-0737  414.351.2321

------------------------------

Date: Thu, 7 May 1997 22:51:01 CST
From: CuD Moderators <cudigest@sun.soci.niu.edu>
Subject: Subject: File 8--Cu Digest Header Info (unchanged since 7 March, 1998)

Cu-Digest is a weekly electronic journal/newsletter. Subscriptions are
available at no cost electronically.

CuD is available as a Usenet newsgroup: comp.society.cu-digest

Or, to subscribe, send post with this in the "Subject:: line:

     SUBSCRIBE CU-DIGEST
Send the message to:   cu-digest-request@weber.ucsd.edu

DO NOT SEND SUBSCRIPTIONS TO THE MODERATORS.

The editors may be contacted by voice (815-753-6436), fax (815-753-6302)
or U.S. mail at:  Jim Thomas, Department of Sociology, NIU, DeKalb, IL
60115, USA.

To UNSUB, send a one-line message:   UNSUB CU-DIGEST
Send it to  CU-DIGEST-REQUEST@WEBER.UCSD.EDU
(NOTE: The address you unsub must correspond to your From: line)

Issues of CuD can also be found in the Usenet comp.society.cu-digest
news group; on CompuServe in DL0 and DL4 of the IBMBBS SIG, DL1 of
LAWSIG, and DL1 of TELECOM; on GEnie in the PF*NPC RT
libraries and in the VIRUS/SECURITY library; from America Online in
the PC Telecom forum under "computing newsletters;"
On Delphi in the General Discussion database of the Internet SIG;
on RIPCO BBS (312) 528-5020 (and via Ripco on  internet);
CuD is also available via Fidonet File Request from
1:11/70; unlisted nodes and points welcome.

         In ITALY: ZERO! BBS: +39-11-6507540

  UNITED STATES: ftp.etext.org (206.252.8.100) in /pub/CuD/CuD
    Web-accessible from: http://www.etext.org/CuD/CuD/
                  ftp.eff.org (192.88.144.4) in /pub/Publications/CuD/
                  aql.gatech.edu (128.61.10.53) in /pub/eff/cud/
                  world.std.com in /src/wuarchive/doc/EFF/Publications/CuD/
                  wuarchive.wustl.edu in /doc/EFF/Publications/CuD/
  EUROPE:         nic.funet.fi in pub/doc/CuD/CuD/ (Finland)
                  ftp.warwick.ac.uk in pub/cud/ (United Kingdom)


The most recent issues of CuD can be obtained from the
Cu Digest WWW site at:
  URL: http://www.soci.niu.edu/~cudigest/

COMPUTER UNDERGROUND DIGEST is an open forum dedicated to sharing
information among computerists and to the presentation and debate of
diverse views.  CuD material may  be reprinted for non-profit as long
as the source is cited. Authors hold a presumptive copyright, and
they should be contacted for reprint permission.  It is assumed that
non-personal mail to the moderators may be reprinted unless otherwise
specified.  Readers are encouraged to submit reasoned articles
relating to computer culture and communication.  Articles are
preferred to short responses.  Please avoid quoting previous posts
unless absolutely necessary.

DISCLAIMER: The views represented herein do not necessarily represent
            the views of the moderators. Digest contributors assume all
            responsibility for ensuring that articles submitted do not
            violate copyright protections.

------------------------------

End of Computer Underground Digest #10.20
************************************

