
Computer underground Digest    Sun  Aug 9, 1998   Volume 10 : Issue 45
                           ISSN  1004-042X

       Editor: Jim Thomas (cudigest@sun.soci.niu.edu)
       News Editor: Gordon Meyer (gmeyer@sun.soci.niu.edu)
       Archivist: Brendan Kehoe
       Shadow Master: Stanton McCandlish
       Shadow-Archivists: Dan Carosone / Paul Southworth
                          Ralph Sims / Jyrki Kuoppala
                          Ian Dickinson
       Field Agent Extraordinaire:   David Smith
       Cu Digest Homepage: http://www.soci.niu.edu/~cudigest

CONTENTS, #10.45 (Sun, Aug 9, 1998)

File 1--Security Researchers oppose pending copyright legislation
File 2--WIPO Letter From the InfoSec Community []
File 3--Cu Digest Header Info (unchanged since 25 Apr, 1998)

CuD ADMINISTRATIVE, EDITORIAL, AND SUBSCRIPTION INFORMATION ApPEARS IN
THE CONCLUDING FILE AT THE END OF EACH ISSUE.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Date: Sat, 1 Aug 1998 12:04:30 -0500
From: Gene Spafford <spaf@CS.PURDUE.EDU>
Subject: File 1--Security Researchers oppose pending copyright legislation

Sat, Aug 1, 1998

	LEADING SECURITY RESEARCHERS URGE CONGRESS TO RECONSIDER
	            PENDING COPYRIGHT LEGISLATION

   Washington, DC - A group of nearly 50 of the nation's top security
researchers and practitioners have delivered a letter to Congressional
leaders urging them to reconsider provisions of controversial legislation
concerning copyright protection. Several versions of the bill, H.R. 2281
(the "Digital Millennium Act"), are currently under consideration by the
House of Representatives, and one version has already passed the Senate.
The bill would make it illegal to circumvent "technological protection
measures" that could be used to protect digital works on the Internet.
However, those same technologies are also employed to protect users against
computer viruses, perform security tests of commercial network
installaions, and conduct basic security education and research in
universities and government labs. The experts assert that if the bill is
passed in its current form, many vital forms of security testing may be
rendered illegal.

Realizing that scientists need to circumvent systems to conduct effective
research, the House Commerce Committee recently amended the bill to permit
circumvention for the puposes of encryption research. However, according to
security experts, such a provision simply does not go far enough.

"[The Commerce Committee bill] fails to further recognize that encryption
research is simply one aspect of security research, and that research is
different from actual practice. While [the bill] may exempt encryption
research, it still criminalizes other crucial techniques used in security
research and practice," wrote Eugene Spafford, the author of the letter,
and a world-leading expert in information security. "If passed in anything
similar to its present form, [the Digital Millenium Copyright Act] has the
potential to imperil computer systems and networks throughout the United
States, criminalize many current university courses and research in
information security, and severely disrupt a growing American industry in
information security technology. The result would be grave damage to the
U.S. economy and to national security."

Ironically, the letter comes at a time when security researchers are
working to alert the public to a significant security flaw found in three
of the most popular e-mail systems in use in the Internet. On Tuesday, the
U.S. Energy Department's security team issued an emergency bulletin,
confirming reports that Microsoft Outlook Express, Outlook 98, and
Netscape's Messenger Mail all contain serious security flaws. Identified,
in part, through processes of reverse engineering -- one of the techniques
that would be prohibited by the pending legislation -- the security hole
allows booby-trapped e-mail messages to cause havoc on a user's computer
system. Security researchers have noted that such serious security flaws
are often uncovered only because the public is able to freely test the
security of such programs. Public scrutiny and outcry are sometimes the
only way that such security flaws are identified and quickly fixed before
criminals can identify and exploit the flaw themselves. However, the
Digital Millenium Copyright Act could very well prohibit the processes of
public scrutiny. reverse engineering, and public notice that have
successfully identified these flaws to date.

Bruce Schneier, noted cryptography expert and author, described the
situation as "In our country there is a long tradition of consumer
advocacy.  Organizations like Consumer Reports regularly evaluate products
and make those evaluations available to buyers.  The WIPO provision against
encryption research would make it illegal for companies to evaluate
security products.  If a company asked me which firewall was good, it would
be illegal for me to tell them.  This is like the meat industry getting a
law passed making it illegal for someone to publicize that a particular
brand of hamburger has rat hair in it."

Spafford drafted the letter on Wednesday, July 29, after becoming aware of
the full import of the pending legislation. Within hours, 48 experts agreed
to act as co-signers. Spafford noted "If we had more time to solicit
supporters, we might have doubled the number of prominent names on the
letter. The community is gravely concerned that this legislation will
endanger information security in the U.S.   Although we are against
violation of valid copyrights, we believe that legislation should be
designed to punish the violators rather than criminalize tools that are
also necessary to the protectors."


An electronic copy of the security researchers' letter is available at:
<http://www.cs.purdue.edu/homes/spaf/WIPO/>.  Contact details and pointers
to background information are also present at this location.

------------------------------

Date: Mon, 3 Aug 1998 23:57:08 -0500
From: jthomas@VENUS.SOCI.NIU.EDU(Jim Thomas)
Subject: File 2--WIPO Letter From the InfoSec Community []

SOURCE -  http://www.cs.purdue.edu/homes/spaf/WIPO/

   [] WIPO Letter From the InfoSec Community []

What this is about

   The World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) produced a new
   treaty in 1996 for the protection of intellectual property. The U.S.
   signed the treaty, and Congress has been considering enabling
   legislation to bring U.S. law into alignment with treaty provisions.

   As part of this legislative process, a number of major trade groups
   and industry lobbyists have weighed in with their desires for the
   legislation. It appears as if only content producers and providers
   (e.g., entertainment companies and software publishers) have had
   significant influence, and the resulting law is very biased in their
   favor.

   In particular, the law in its current form appears to:

     [] Ban reverse engineering of software in almost all cases
     [] Restricts or eliminates traditional fair-use provisions on
     intellectual property
     [] Prohibits research and production of technology that might
     be used to defeat copyright protection measures
     [] Criminalizes many currently accepted practices in
     information security.



   Thus, either directly or as unintended (?) consequences, the bill
   could severely restrict what professionals can do in education,
   research, and the practice of information security.

   The biggest problem with the bill is that it outlaws technology and
   research rather than simply criminalizing violations of copyright.
   This is roughly analogous to outlawing automobiles and research into
   engine design to prevent the possibility of drunk driving.

   A number of prominent lawyers have reviewed this bill and communicated
   their findings to me: they all agree (as much as any group of lawyers
   can agree) that the bill is as dismal as I have outline here.

   The bill has passed the Senate. In the House, it has passed two major
   committees: Judiciary and Commerce. The Judiciary version is basically
   the version that passed the Senate. The version that passed the
   Commerce committee has had a few small amendments attached, including
   one that exempts some encryption research from the law -- but no
   general exemptions exist for other work in security.

What I Have Done About It



   After consulting with personnel on the ACM's Public Policy committee
   (of which I am a member), and staff of the Computing Research
   Association's Washington office (I am on the board of CRA), I wrote a
   letter to several members of Congress -- including the Speaker of the
   House, the chairs and ranking minority members of several involved
   House committees, and some key Senators. This is not a letter from
   either ACM or CRA, but a letter from me as a senior security
   professional.

   The letter outlines why I think the law is damaging to the profession,
   and encourages the Congressmen to do what they can to either have the
   bill reconsidered or simply not considered on the floor of the House
   this term.

   I decided to ask other security professionals if they wanted to be
   co-signers. 48 leading professionals agreed to add their names to the
   letter, despite there being only a few days to respond.

What You Can Do



   You can read my letter. If you agree with what I wrote in the letter,
   then you can write your own letter to your representative and senators
   expressing your opinion on the legislation. A phone call, or a
   personal visit to their local offices might also be beneficial.

More Information



   You can obtain more information on the Digital Millennium Act, H.R.
   2281, by consulting these pages:

     [] A PCWeek article on the bill
     [] Background material at dfc.org
     [] Material from the EFF on the bill
     [] For actual text of the bill, go to Thomas and search for
     'Digital Millennium Act'
     [] Article from the current issue of the Chicago Lawyer

Letter Recipients Who Why

Representative Newt Gingrich Speaker

Representative Richard Armey Majority Leader

Representative Tom DeLay Majority Whip

Representative Richard Gephardt Minority Leder

Representative David E. Bonior Minority Whip

Representative Gerald B.H. Solomon Rules Committee Chair

Representative Joe Moakley Rules Committee Ranking Member

Representative Thomas J. Bliley Commerce Committee Chair

Representative John D. Dingell Commerce Committee Ranking Member

Representative W.J. "Billy" Tauzin Subcommittee on Telecommunications, Trade,
and Consumer Protection Chair

Representative Edward J. Markey Subcommittee on Telecommunications, Trade, and
Consumer Protection Ranking Member

Representative Edward Pease Representative of my District in Indiana

Representative Henry J. Hyde Judiciary Committee Chair

Representative John Conyers, Jr. Judiciary Committee Ranking Member

Representative Howard Coble Subcommittee on Courts and Intellectual Property
Chair

Representative Barney Frank Subcommittee on Courts and Intellectual Property
Ranking Member

Representative F. James Sensenbrenner, Jr. Science Committee Chair

Representative George E. Brown, Jr. Science Committee Ranking Member

Senator Orrin G. Hatch Judiciary Committee Chair

Senator Patrick J. Leahy Judiciary Committee Ranking Member

The Text of the Letter



   August 1, 1998



   Dear Representative/Senator X:

   We, the undersigned, are a group of the nation's leading scientists
   and technologists in computer and network security with (collectively)
   hundreds of years of service in academia, industry and government. We
   are writing to express our profound concerns about both versions of
   H.R. 2281, the Digital Millennium Act. If passed in anything similar
   to its present form, H.R. 2281 has the potential to imperil computer
   systems and networks throughout the United States, criminalize many
   current university courses and research in information security, and
   severely disrupt a growing American industry in information security
   technology. The result would be grave damage to the U.S. economy and
   to national security. We recently became aware of provisions of this
   legislation, and we are now seeking to have H.R. 2281 recast to
   address our concerns, or prevented from being passed into law.

   The growing use of network-based information sources does indeed
   create new opportunities that require updated protections. As
   producers ourselves of articles, books and software, we are in favor
   of appropriate copyright regulations. However, H.R. 2281 takes an
   approach that has damaging side-effects: rather than criminalizing
   inappropriate actions, it would restrict technology and techniques
   that have legitimate and vital uses in information security, such as
   reverse-engineering. By analogy, the approach taken in 2281 is akin to
   banning the development and sale of automobiles to curtail drunk
   driving, or criminalization of the sale of paper and ink to prevent
   the possibility of libel. While sometimes of potential use to
   infringers, most information security-related technologies are also
   essential for security practitioners to maintain the protection of the
   public. Ironically, the provisions of H.R. 2281 may actually hinder
   researchers in developing and deploying future copyright protection
   technologies.

   We believe that the damage that would be wrought by H.R. 2281 is
   unintentional. For instance, by amending H.R. 2281 to permit
   encryption research, the Commerce Committee evidenced recognition of
   the great importance of that sub-field of research. However, their
   version of the bill fails to further recognize that encryption
   research is simply one aspect of security research, and that research
   is different from actual practice. While that version of H.R. 2281 may
   exempt encryption research, it still criminalizes other crucial
   techniques used in security research and practice.

   Here are four examples of how security practice and research consists
   of much more than encryption research and depends on technologies and
   techniques that H.R. 2281 would prohibit:
     * When a new computer virus is discovered, it is necessary to
       reverse-engineer the programs that are affected to discover how
       the virus spreads, how to remove it to disinfect the programs, and
       how to build defenses against future encounters with the same
       virus. However, H.R. 2281 only allows reverse engineering for the
       purposes of interoperability. This legislation would thus
       criminalize anti-virus efforts because they include examination of
       copyrighted code for other than the "sole purpose" of
       interoperability. Furthermore, it would criminalize the
       development, refinement, and sale of any software tools that would
       make such virus analysis more effective.
     * Penetration analysis is a time-tested method of examining networks
       and computers for unnoticed security flaws. Regularly used by
       major accounting firms, government agencies, and independent
       consultants in assessing security, penetration analysis is the
       practice of breaking into a system to see if it resists attack.
       Because penetration analysis is not encryption research, H.R. 2281
       might criminalize the teaching, the performance, and the
       development of supporting technology for many forms of this
       valuable approach to security research and practice.
     * Several universities offer detailed coursework in software
       disassembly, reverse-engineering, penetration analysis, and
       related fields as a means of training information security
       professionals. This is not done to violate the property rights of
       any software owners but to provide an appropriate education in an
       area of critical national need; this is similar to medical
       students learning dissection and anatomy on real bodies to hone
       fundamental skills. H.R. 2281 could be interpreted as prohibiting
       such education, labeling it as "trafficking in certain
       technologies... that can be used to circumvent a technological
       protection measure."
     * Major vendors are often unable (or unwilling) to adequately test
       mass-market software packages. When these packages are released
       into the marketplace, they are adopted by thousands of businesses.
       With the significant emphasis on cost-cutting and
       interoperability, these "COTS" (commercial, off-the-shelf)
       packages are also widely adopted by U.S. government agencies and
       the military. Upon release, these packages are intensely
       scrutinized by hackers, spies, and criminals throughout the world
       as they search for flaws they can exploit. The same packages are
       also examined by hundreds of computer users, searching for flaws
       so as to protect their own systems. When these "good guys" find
       flaws, they report them to the vendors and the user community so
       that the flaws can be fixed. While real criminals will not be
       dissuaded, H.R. 2281, in any of its forms, will almost certainly
       restrict those who wish to search and report flaws in "good
       faith."



   We are law-abiding citizens who work in a leading-edge area of science
   and technology; we are not seeking to infringe others' valid economic
   interests protected by copyright. However, to advance the state of the
   art, it is necessary for us to have freedom of inquiry and
   experimentation. It is essential that we be able to freely conduct
   security research so that stronger and more robust technology
   protection measures will be developed. Thereafter, professionals need
   the freedom to apply the results of our research to protect the
   interests of copyright owners, the privacy of citizens, and the
   security of U.S. business and government.

   We urge Congress to reconsider H.R. 2281 -- both the version passed by
   the Committee on the Judiciary and the Commerce Committee. We believe
   the best approach is to criminalize inappropriate behavior and intent,
   and not ban technology with multiple uses in this fast-moving field of
   critical, national importance. If such a reconsideration is not
   possible, we strongly recommend that the bill not be passed this
   legislative session. Several of us are willing to assist Congress in
   developing an appropriate replacement or modification of the
   legislation, if asked.

   (N.B. Titles. affiliations and city of residence below are provided
   for identification only; the material presented in this letter is the
   personal and professional opinion of the people listed, and not
   necessarily the official position of their employers or
   organizations.)

   Signed,

   Eugene H. Spafford, Ph.D., FACM
   Professor of Computer Sciences
   Director, Center for Education and Research in
   Information Assurance and Security (CERIAS)
   Director, the COAST Laboratory
   Purdue University
   West Lafayette, IN 47907-1398
   (765) 494-7825
   <spaf@cerias.purdue.edu>

Co-Signers





   Ronald L. Rivest, Ph.D.
   Edwin S. Webster Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer
   Science
   EECS Dept., MIT
   Associate Director of the MIT's Laboratory for Computer Science
   Member, National Academy of Engineering
   Arlington, Mass

   Peter S. Browne
   Senior Vice President and Division Head
   First Union Corporation
   Information Technology Services and Information Security
   Charlotte, NC

   Howard O. Halpin III
   Vice President, Information Technology
   Motorola Computer Group
   Tempe, Arizona

   Peter J. Denning, PhD, FACM, FIEEE, FAAAS
   Past President, Association for Computing Machinery
   George Mason University
   Fairfax, VA

   Lance J. Hoffman, Ph. D., FACM
   Professor of Computer Science
   Director, Cyberspace Policy Institute
   The George Washington University
   Washington, D. C.

   Thomas A. Berson, Ph.D.
   President, Anagram Laboratories
   Past-President, International Association for Cryptologic Research
   Chair-Elect, IEEE Computer Society Technical Committee on Security and
   Privacy
   Palo Alto, CA

   Joan Feigenbaum, PhD
   Editor-in-Chief, Journal of Cryptology
   Division Manager, Algorithms and Distributed Data Research
   AT&T Labs - Research
   New York, NY

   Andrew W. Appel, Ph.D., FACM
   Professor of Computer Science
   Princeton University
   Princeton, NJ

   Keith A. Marzullo, Ph.D.
   Associate Editor, IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering
   Associate Professor, Dept. of Computer Science and Engineering
   University of California, San Diego
   La Jolla, CA

   William J. Cook
   Intellectual Property Attorney & Co-Chair of ABA Science & Technology
   Global Network Committee
   Winston & Strawn
   Chicago, IL

   Daniel E. Geer, Jr., Sc.D.
   Vice President & Senior Strategist
   CertCo, LLC
   55 Broad Street
   New York, N.Y.

   Virgil D. Gligor, Ph.D.
   Professor of Electrical Engineering
   University of Maryland
   College Park, Maryland

   J. Douglas Tygar, PhD
   Professor of Computer Science and Information Management
   University of California,
   Berkeley, CA

   Kevin S. McCurley, Ph.D.
   President, International Association for Cryptologic Research
   and Research Staff Member, IBM Research
   San Jose, CA

   Dr. J. Thomas Haigh, Ph.D.
   Vice Presidant and Chief Technologist
   The Secure Computing Corporation
   Minneapolis, MN

   Ross Stapleton-Gray, Ph.D.
   President, TeleDiplomacy, Inc.
   Adjunct Professor, Georgetown University
   Arlington, VA

   Edward W. Felten, Ph.D.
   Assistant Professor of Computer Science
   Director, Secure Internet Programming Laboratory
   Princeton University

   Bruce Schneier
   President, Counterpane Systems
   Author, Applied Cryptography
   Minneapolis, MN

   David P. Maher, Ph.D.
   Division Manager and Head, Secure Systems Research Department
   AT&T Labs
   Livermore, CA

   Bennet S. Yee, PhD
   Assistant Professor of Computer Science
   Co-director, Cryptography and Security Laboratory
   University of California
   San Diego, CA

   Karen F. Worstell
   Principal, SRI Consulting
   Director, Research and Technology
   International Information Integrity Institute (I-4)
   Houston, TX

   Michael Merritt, PhD
   Division Manager, Specification and Algorithm Research Department
   AT&T Labs -- Research
   Mendham, NJ

   Stuart Haber, Ph.D.
   Chief Scientist,
   Surety Technologies
   New York, N.Y.

   Jack V. Leifel
   Senior Director, Information Technology Services
   Cellular Infrastructure Group, Communications Enterprise
   Motorola, Inc.
   Arlington Hts., Il.

   Gary Garb,
   Director, Corporate Computer & Information Security
   Unisys Corporation
   Bensalem, PA

   Jonathan K. Millen, Ph.D.
   Senior Computer Scientist
   SRI International
   Palo Alto, CA

   Susan Swope, CISSP
   Deputy Program Director,
   International Information Integrity Institute (I-4)
   Senior Consultant
   SRI Consulting
   Menlo Park, CA

   Barbara J. Pease
   Senior Scientist
   Information Warfare and Secure Systems Engineering
   MITRE Corporation
   Somerville, MA

   Hilary H. Hosmer
   President
   Data Security, Inc.
   Bedford, MA

   Michael K. Reiter, Ph.D.
   Principal Technical Staff Member
   AT&T Labs - Research
   Raritan, NJ

   Jonathan Trostle, PhD
   Senior Software Engineer
   Cisco Systems
   Cupertino, CA

   John J. Kinyon
   Manager, Corporate Information Security and Risk Management
   Motorola, Inc.
   Lake Zurich, IL

   Becky Bace
   President/CEO Infidel, Inc.
   Security Engineering Services
   Scott Valley, CA

   Douglas R. Steinbaum
   Electronics Engineer
   Network Security Section, Naval Research Laboratory
   Alexandria, VA

   James Cannady
   Research Scientist
   Georgia Institute of Technology
   Atlanta, GA

   Julie L. Connolly
   Lead Information Systems Security Engineer
   The MITRE Corporation
   Nashua NH

   Daylan Darby
   Lead Software Engineer
   Information Warfare - The Boeing Company
   Seattle, WA

   Joseph C. Konczal
   Computer Scientist
   National Institute of Standards and Technology
   Mount Airy, MD

   William Hill
   Lead INFOSEC Engineer
   The MITRE Corporation
   Vienna, VA

   Daniel Thomas Grove
   HP Software Security Team Coordinator
   Hewlett-Packard Company
   San Jose, CA

   Steven W. Lodin
   Manager, Information Security Services
   Ernst & Young LLP
   Indianapolis, IN

   Robert H. Bagwill
   Computer Specialist
   National Institute of Standards and Technology
   Montgomery Village, MD

   Roger A. Safian
   Information Security Coordinator
   Northwestern University
   Evanston, Il

   Carl M. Ellison
   Senior Security Architect
   (organization withheld)
   Portland, OR

   David R. Campbell, CNE
   CIO
   WireX Communications, Inc.
   Vancouver, WA

   Puck-Fai
   Senior INFOSEC Engineer
   The MITRE Corporation
   Mitchellville, MD

   Amgad Fayad
   Sr. INFOSEC Engineer
   The MITRE Corporation
   Springfield, VA

   David Wagner
   Founding Member, ISAAC Security Research Group
   University of California, Berkeley
   Berkeley, CA Return to the top

   []

   Gene Spafford
   spaf@cs.purdue.edu
   Date Last Modified: 7/30/98

------------------------------

Date: Thu, 25 Apr 1998 22:51:01 CST
From: CuD Moderators <cudigest@sun.soci.niu.edu>
Subject: File 3--Cu Digest Header Info (unchanged since 25 Apr, 1998)

Cu-Digest is a weekly electronic journal/newsletter. Subscriptions are
available at no cost electronically.

CuD is available as a Usenet newsgroup: comp.society.cu-digest

Or, to subscribe, send post with this in the "Subject:: line:

     SUBSCRIBE CU-DIGEST
Send the message to:   cu-digest-request@weber.ucsd.edu

DO NOT SEND SUBSCRIPTIONS TO THE MODERATORS.

The editors may be contacted by voice (815-753-6436), fax (815-753-6302)
or U.S. mail at:  Jim Thomas, Department of Sociology, NIU, DeKalb, IL
60115, USA.

To UNSUB, send a one-line message:   UNSUB CU-DIGEST
Send it to  CU-DIGEST-REQUEST@WEBER.UCSD.EDU
(NOTE: The address you unsub must correspond to your From: line)

CuD is readily accessible from the Net:
  UNITED STATES: ftp.etext.org (206.252.8.100) in /pub/CuD/CuD
    Web-accessible from: http://www.etext.org/CuD/CuD/
                  ftp.eff.org (192.88.144.4) in /pub/Publications/CuD/
                  aql.gatech.edu (128.61.10.53) in /pub/eff/cud/
                  world.std.com in /src/wuarchive/doc/EFF/Publications/CuD/
                  wuarchive.wustl.edu in /doc/EFF/Publications/CuD/
  EUROPE:         nic.funet.fi in pub/doc/CuD/CuD/ (Finland)
                  ftp.warwick.ac.uk in pub/cud/ (United Kingdom)


The most recent issues of CuD can be obtained from the
Cu Digest WWW site at:
  URL: http://www.soci.niu.edu/~cudigest/

COMPUTER UNDERGROUND DIGEST is an open forum dedicated to sharing
information among computerists and to the presentation and debate of
diverse views.  CuD material may  be reprinted for non-profit as long
as the source is cited. Authors hold a presumptive copyright, and
they should be contacted for reprint permission.  It is assumed that
non-personal mail to the moderators may be reprinted unless otherwise
specified.  Readers are encouraged to submit reasoned articles
relating to computer culture and communication.  Articles are
preferred to short responses.  Please avoid quoting previous posts
unless absolutely necessary.

DISCLAIMER: The views represented herein do not necessarily represent
            the views of the moderators. Digest contributors assume all
            responsibility for ensuring that articles submitted do not
            violate copyright protections.

------------------------------

End of Computer Underground Digest #10.45
************************************

