Mike's Madness #25

For Anne.


- Tonight on -

		U N S O L V E D    M Y S T E R I E S
		- - - - - - - -    - - - - - - - - -

	On March 25, 1952, water fell on the parched township of
Bigass, N. Dakota. The residents thought it was rain, but new evidence
points to a possible visit by Saint Sister Panama Canal, the famous
Spitting Nun of Paraguay . . .

	Wil Weaton had a gimme role on the most popular syndicated
series in history. Yet, for no apparent reason, he left the show to
star in such megahits as The Last Prostitute and Toy Soldiers. A lapse
of common sense, maybe -- but this man says that Brent Spiner was
putting LSD in Weaton's coke . . . and Weaton LOVED it!

	Hundreds of children walk across this seemingly quiet street
every day, and yet no one has attempted to kidnap, or even harass, a
single one. We'll show you perverts out there EXACTLY where this street
is at, and maybe YOU can provide us with a future segment on . . .

		U N S O L V E D    M Y S T E R I E S
		- - - - - - - -    - - - - - - - - -     

(cue eerie "wooo-wooo" music)
(cut to commercial)


Woman 1: (shyly) June, I have a problem . . .
Woman 2: What is it, Nancy?
1: Well . . . it's that time of the month, I'm not fresh, my pad is
   leaking, I'm constipated, and my hemorrhoids are killing me!
2: I have EXACTLY what you need! Disgusto Brand (tm) "Lil' Problem
   Solver"! It's a douche, laxative, hemorrhoid balm and super-absorbant
   maxi all in one!
1: BULLSHIT!
2: It really works! Just jam it in your panties then bounce in your
   seat real hard! It works wonders! (just don't use it with white
   pants) . . .
1: GET OFF! I'm not 'aving that filth 'round my place!
2: . . . Comes in cherry flavor . . .
1: Wellllllllll . . . Maybe I'll give it a try!
2: That's the spirit!  Now get off my bloody sofa . . .

Voice over: Disgusto Brands (tm) Personal Care Products for Hatefully
            Disgusting Problems. Not for internal consumption. Keep
            away from children and small animals. Not responsible for
            any itching caused by misuse of product.


We now return to . . .

UNSOLVED MYSTERIES!

	March 5, 1991. Humbolt, California. In this shady glade, 9,000
acres of primo marijuana was reaching maturity. Careful cultivation of
the special hashplant+haze+northern lights #5 clones had assured that
each of the 15-foot-tall plants was an unpollinated female. Buds as
large as 25 pounds were reported by the locals.

	Then it all vanished.

	The only clue to this mystery is this white, 1973 Dodge
Charger and its sole occupant . . . Mr. Mike Beebe.

Me: "DUDE! ALIENS! ALIENS STOLE THEM DUDE'S BUD! OH DUDE! IT WAS
     HATEFUL! I was all kickin' it in my Charger listenin' to
     Metallica 'cuz I was hella stoned . . . NO! I wasn't hella
     stoned! I don't do that shit! So dude, I was tokin' on this
     joint and this big ol' silver garbage can lid thing came down,
     landed over there at the site now marked by the Humbolt UFO
     Landing Site and Historic Museum (25 cents admission, please) and
     these dudes all came out and snagged them dude's buds! I say we
     organize a hunting party! Just can't go around stealin' people's
     bud! Oh! Is that the time? Uh, gotta get these . . .  ummmmm . .
     errrm . . . damn this short-term memory loss . . . uuuhhh . . .
     bails of marijuana . . . HAY!  Bails of HAY down to Sacramento
     before any cops see . . . before it rains.  Gotta get these
     bails of hay back down to Sacramento before it rains.  Oh hey man
     -- my joint went out!  Gotta light, dude?  Are those shot-guns
     them dudes have? Uh - I really gotta bail, bud.  Hope you catch
     them aliens . . .  I'm outta here . . ."

[SCREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE]
(sound of 75 mile long burnout)

Robert Stack: "While it may not be the crop circles of England, or the
	      famous Kelly Farm House encounter in Georgia, the Great
	      Humbolt Siting of 1991 will go down in history as a true
	      tale of a close encounter of the 5th kind - when aliens
	      come down and snag your bud!"

Slightly peeved, baseball-bat wielding mob: "Hey - where'd that dude in
					    the Charger go?"

(fade to commercial)


HEY MOMS!

Why not treat the kids to something entertaining and educational?

Take the little bastards to see . . .

		S T O N E R S   O N   I C E
		- - - - - - -   - -   - - -

An afternoon of enchantment with a powerful anti-drug message!
See vicious loadies culled from the public parks, head shops and white,
1973 Chargers of America on the ice in the awe-inspiring "Stagger of
the Third Bong Hit", the heart-warming "Rollin' a Jamaican", and the
grand-finale "I Got Three Pounds and Here Comes the Cops!".

Don't let this valuable, only slightly expensive opportunity pass you
by! Cough up the $50 a ticket (under-12, matinee only. Adult tickets:
$300.00) and teach your progeny a lesson they won't soon forget:
Don't get loaded and go ice skating!

A Bill Graham "Beyond The Grave" Production.

"Beyond the Grave" owned by:
	L. Ron Hubbard
	Louis Lamore
And a host of other writers who, although dead, seem not to have given
it up yet. (Read that as: "Families of whom are greedy sonsabitches
and don't see anything wrong with whoring the dear name of their long
deceased relative in a bizarre form of financial necrophilia")

ALSO COMING SOON FROM BILL GRAHAM -
* The Doors
* Led Zeppelin
* Mommas and the Poppas (I miss Cas, she was supposed to bring me back a
                         sandwich from Togos! And I gave her 5 bucks, too!)
* The Beatles (opening act: 3 More Bullets)
* Pink Floyd ("Well . . . 'e was was coughin' up blood last night!")
* Jimi and Janis: The Vomitgargling Tour
* Sammy "I'm like a cat's behind - one eye and I'm blind in it" Davis Jr.
* Disco (not!)
* Herman Goehring and the Hitlertones
* John F. Kennedy's "Gaping Head Wound" Tour '91-'92
* Grateful Dead (coming soon)


We return you to . . . 

UNSOLVED MYSTERIES

And now we update you on a case we profiled on a previous show.

The object that millions of Americans saw streak out of the heavens
and crash into a field in New Hampshire has been identified as George
Bush's re-election chances.

Please quit calling the 800 number now.

NEXT WEEK ON UNSOLVED MYSTERIES we'll profile these intriguing cases:

* Every year, millions of women get pregnant without ever knowing who
  the father is. We believe we've cornered him. See the amazing career
  of fertility doctor Cecil Jacobson.

* While driving on this road in rural New Mexico, Pedro Jesus
  Fernandez Gonzales Fredrico Pablo San Lucas saw an object at the
  side of the road. It looked like a duck. It walked like a duck.
  It quacked like a duck. What was it? 15 experts give us their opinions.

* Was Vice President Dan Quayle assassinated in 1989 and replaced with
  a wooden dummy? While it would be almost impossible to tell the
  difference, staggering new evidence suggests that this indeed might
  have happened. In the last 2 years, Quayle's IQ went up 10 points,
  almost positive evidence that he has been replaced by something far
  smarter than himself.

(roll closing credits. Cue "wooo-wooo" music)

-----

This Madness writen under the influence of chocolate-covered coffee
beans, marijuana and Metallica. Better living through chemicals and
loud music, I say!

Drek excreted by:

Mike "Naw, that dog's always walked kinda funny" Beebe

-----
(C) 1992 Yucks For You, Inc.

Comments & Flames to Author: Mike Beebe (currently has no E-mail address.
			     Send all feedback to address below and it will
			     be forwarded to him.)

All Back-issues are available by E-mail request from <smbancroft@ucdavis.edu>
or by anonymous ftp from <bikini.cis.ufl.edu> (128.227.224.1) in directory
/pub/mikesmad. "Thanks Eric!"
