Mike's Madness (Issue #2, Oh NO!!)

    "Here we go again"
	   -- Germany, 1937
 
Mike's Guide to CABLE TV!!!

  Channel 2:
  Guns 'n Roses: If you can't sing, SCREAM!
 
  Channel 3:
  NBC: There's laughs-a-plenty when Gary Coleman gets the shit stomped
       outta him by a group of Skinheads. Stay tuned for "Hep me! Hep me!
       Dere's a group o' skinheads out to kick my ass!"
 
  Channel 4:
  Cable Guide: 250 programs you pay $23.50 a month to watch that you would
	       never in a cold day in hell watch if they were offered on
	       free TV.
 
  Channel 5:
  CNN: Two economists drone on and on and on and on and on about shifts in
       the GNP that mean absolutly nothing.

  Channel 6:
  KVIE/PBS: It's "Screwing Animals" night on PBS! Stayed tuned for the best
	    in mammalian reproduction as we take a look at feline predators
	    gettin' their rocks off. Viewer discresion and a barf-bag
	    advised.
 
  Channel 7:
  Video Hits 1: Tonight's line-up:
  Bon Jovi: Born to be an abortion
  Def Leppard: We suck and our drummer's only got one fucking arm
  White Lion: We suck too!
  Megadeath: And us!
  MetallicA: Us also!
  Elvis Presely: Pass me that bucket o' extra crispy
  White Lion: No, we really do suck!
  Motely Crue: We sold out! We sold out!
  Cindi Lauper: I got no tits
  Janise Jackson: No, goddamnit! That's JANISE, not MICHAEL!
  Ozzy Ozbourne: Pass me that bucket o' extra-crispy uncooked
  White Lion: I'm serious! We suck like a Hoover in a tornado!
  Thomas Dolby: Hey, I'm really sorry about the Aliens ate my Buick deal
  White Lion: Have I mentioned the fact we suck?
  D.J. Jazzy Jeff and Fresh Prince: What the hell rhymes with "Orange"?
  Pink Floyd: Waters, PLEASE come back! PLEEEEASE!
  Eddie Brackel and the New Bohemians: Ever heard anything by White Lion?
  Chicago: 100 more creative album names
  Z.Z. Top: No, that's not pubic hair glued to our faces
  Elvis Presely: Hey, pass me that bucket o' lard
  White Lion: Hey! I'm not screwing around! We wholly suck! Big Time!
  Art of Noise: Music without meaning
  Janise Joplin: Someone farted. Alright . . . HEY! Who cut the cheese!
  White Lion: I don't get that last joke!
  Lenin and the Bolsheviks: That's because you're capitalist swine!
  Hitler and the Boot Boys: No, they suck. Haven't you been reading this
  W. Churchill and the Spitfires: Ah-ha! The games up, Adolf!
  Mao Se Tung and the Redbooks: Not so fast, English pig! I've interrupted you
  Fuck-up and the line-feeds: Damn, I hate when that happens.
  Etc.
 
  Channel 8:
  (Channel 40): Stay tuned now for 3 hours of solid boredom when the Brady
		Kids meet the Bad News Bears in "Oh God, I think I'm going
		to vomit!"
 
  Channel 9:
  ESPN: We promise you a thrill a minute when the best in midget wrestling
	begins next. Followed by a PBS special "The Animal Kingdom". Tonight,
	episode 8, "Screwing".
 
  Channel 10:
  (Channel 10): Our news sucks! We're the absolute worst. Tonite on news at
		5:13:45, "White Lion: A new force in vacuum technology."
 
  Channel 11:
  (TV 58): Tonight, we present Ethel Merrman, Edgar Casey and Jizz, the wonder
	   dog in the 1941 classic "I was Hitler's left nut"
 
  Channel 12:
  (KRBK, Channel 31): Tonight we present Jizz, the wonder dog and Timmy Green
		      in the 1942 classic "Mom, what's Spunky doing to that
		      man's leg?"
 
   Channel 13:
  (Channel 13): Series. "Beauty and the Beastiality". Tonight, things get
		REALLY ugly after Vincent watches 25 solid hours of PBS
		and gets a REALLY interesting idea.
 
   Channel 14:
   (Home Shopping): On sale tonight, 101 devices to protect against Credit
		    Card Fraud.
 
   Channel 15:
   (Lifetime, Medical News): Program: "How to drain a festering anal pus
			     wart" (colour). In stereo where avalible.
 
   Channel 16:
   (Who knows?): "How to bang quiff while smoking a spliff without getting
		 in a riff." (Not avalible locally)
 
   Channel 17:
   (Who cares?): Sacramento Kings vs. 3 9-year-olds. 1-25 odds on Kings
 
   Channel 18:
   (I don't): Weak spincter bowl-off. Sponsored by Depend Undergarments.
 
   Channel 19:
   (Spanish): Emilio Estevez and Julio Englazies in "Hey! Don't go fuckin'
	      with those niggers down by the tracks!" (1935)
 
   Channel 20:
   (KTVU, San Fransisco): News special; 101 more ways to get a social disease
			  from our animal friends. Sponsored by PBS.
 
   Channel 21:
   (Nickelodeon, kids): "You can't do that on television!". The topic of
			masturbation is examined in depth with Jizz, the
			Wonder Dog. (Wonder if he'll do it again?)
 
   Channel 22:
   (Something or other): HE DID! HE DID! And all over the Setee'. Blimey!
 
   Channel 23:
   (See 22): Long distance zit pop-off! See which contestants can go the
	     distance! Last year's winner Herb Goldberg has a ripe, red
	     one stored up on his forehead and it looks like the mountain
	     on the nose of challenger Amy Duclose will be able to give
	     Herb a squirt for his money.
 
   Channel 24:
   (See 69?): The South Area Skinheads present "Bowling for Jews!". Prizes
	      this week include an all expense paid vacation to Germany,
	      paid bail for the next 5 years and a burning cross!
 
   Channel 25:
   (Often?): White Lion Special: The 1988 "We really fucking suck" Concert
	     tour. In mono where avalible.
 
   Channel 26:
   (Really?): Flipper and Lassie and Trigger and Mr. Ed. (1968). DIS-GUSTING!
	      They can't really show that, can they? REALLY? I didn't know
	      you could fit a Volkswagon in there. Wait a sec, lemme call
	      the wife and have her set up the VCR . . .
 
   Channel 27:
   (KRBK, Channel 44, Bay Area): The Bay City Ballers! Baller derby returns
				 to the Cow Palace with the all important
				 "Fuck 'till your balls are the size of
				 raisins" match between Jimmy Swaggart and
				 then entire female population of Reno, Nevada
 
   Channel 28:
   (Another one of those): Fuck off! We're watching Channel 26!
 
   Channel 29:
   (Headline News): See 3 hours of news chopped into incomprehensible 30 second
		    block with commercials slipped in every 15 seconds.
 
   Channel 30:
   (Educational Consortium): "Math is Fun and other famous bullshit stories"
 
   Channel 31:
   (Showtime): Viet Nam is the focus of this months and every other month's
	       movies. I'm serious, we got Viet Nam movies like White Lion
	       sucks! We got more fucking Viet Nam movies than poor animal
	       sex jokes in this letter. Oh yeah, we got a WW II movie, too.
 
   Channel 32:
   (Country Muzik): YEE-HAA! It's HEE-HAWW! Thaz right! 50 solid hours of
		    HEE-HAWW! What a treat! What a prize! What a condition
		    for crimes against humanity!
 
   Channel 33:
   (Farts and Entertainment): WW II Documentries! You want 'em, we got 'em!!
			      We must have about 3 trillion hours of film
			      from a war that lasted about 4 years. But hey!
			      We got Japs! We got Gerry! The Blitz, Pearl
			      Harbour, Midway, Coral Sea, Berlin -- you
			      name a historical incident, we got the film!!!!
			      We also have some screwing animal films, but
			      we only show those after the kids have gone to
			      to bed.
 
    Channel 34:
    (HBO): See Channel 37
 
    Channel 35:
    (Discovery): Right! Right! WE got screwing animal films that would take the
		 kink outta your pubic hair! PBS would get kicked off the
		 air if they showed some of these. If you can find it in an
		 encyclopedia, we got film of it humping something! Close
		 shots, low angle, over-head, telephoto shots. We'll show
		 you places not even the animals themselves can see! Ho
		 blimey! And I'll tell you what, we here at Discovery have
		 seen EVERY FUCKING SECOND They got a shot of me sticking me
		 arm straight up a lionesses' [C E N S O R E D] up to my
		 bleedin' armpit! It was wonderful!  (The Staff of
		 Sacramento Cable regrets to announce that Discovery will no
		 longer be shown in Sacramento. Damn.)
 
    Channel 36:
    (Weather): The weather for Georgia, like you really fucking cared.
 
    Channel 37:
    (Cinemax): See Channel 34
 
    Welp, there's nothing on cable again, so I guess I'll just go to bed now.
    Good night!


