

¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿

¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿

   ¿¿¿¿     ¿¿¿¿¿¿¿   ¿¿¿   ¿¿¿¿  ¿¿¿¿¿¿  ¿¿¿¿¿¿¿

   ¿¿¿¿    ¿¿¿   ¿¿¿  ¿¿¿¿ ¿¿¿¿¿  ¿¿      ¿¿¿  ¿¿

   ¿¿¿¿    ¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿  ¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿  ¿¿¿¿    ¿¿¿

   ¿¿¿¿    ¿¿¿   ¿¿¿  ¿¿¿ ¿  ¿¿¿  ¿¿      ¿¿¿

   ¿¿¿¿    ¿¿¿   ¿¿¿  ¿¿¿    ¿¿¿  ¿¿¿¿¿¿  ¿¿¿

       ¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿  ¿¿¿  ¿¿¿

       ¿¿¿       ¿¿¿  ¿¿¿

       ¿¿¿¿¿¿¿   ¿¿¿  ¿¿¿  ¿¿¿¿¿¿¿  ¿¿¿¿¿¿  ¿¿¿         ¿¿¿

        ¿¿¿¿¿¿¿  ¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿  ¿¿¿  ¿¿  ¿¿       ¿¿¿   ¿   ¿¿¿

            ¿¿¿  ¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿  ¿¿¿      ¿¿¿¿      ¿¿¿ ¿¿¿ ¿¿¿

            ¿¿¿  ¿¿¿  ¿¿¿  ¿¿¿      ¿¿         ¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿¿

            ¿¿¿  ¿¿¿  ¿¿¿  ¿¿¿      ¿¿¿¿¿¿      ¿¿¿ ¿¿¿

        ¿¿¿¿¿¿¿  ¿¿¿  ¿¿¿

       ¿¿¿¿¿¿¿        ¿¿¿

                      ¿¿¿     ..edited, compiled, prelimanarily perused,

                      ¿¿¿     felt up, jostled and spell checked by,

                                          Homer The Brave



                            Issue Number 6!

                 "I am not a number, I am a free 'zine!"



                        -----------------------





  When WAS the last time you just took a big long dump and wondered

  what it was that was REALLY coming out? This happens to me all the

  time. I'm very curious. If I am what I eat, then I'm really glad,

  because I don't want to be what my colon hath rejected! 

  

  Anyway, I bring this up as a reminder that there is a lot of good

  nutritious stuff out there for your reading pleasure, and that you

  shouldn't just automatically void whatever you don't like. Sit in

  your own exremeditation chamber and contemplate the very smelliness

  of it all. If it was horrid and bad and nasty and just plain dumb,

  maybe you just didn't understand it. Mindfulness, kiddies. Why did

  you eat it in the first place if you knew damn well your body would

  toss it into the ceramic throne? You had to taste it! You had to feel

  it in your mouth, sweet, tangy, crunchy, soft... You had to smell it,

  odorous and toxic and aromatic. And you had to see it, too! Laid out

  with care on its platter or presented in a cardboard box after you

  paid for it at the drive-thru, it enticed you! YOU HAD TO KNOW! And

  even if you found out and when you found out it was because you were

  sitting on the American Standard Recycling Bin, you knew the poetic

  moment. All your senses had not only conspired against you, but shown

  you the beauty of their secret plan. 

  

  The hope, of course, is that you'll consume this 'zine and shit

  nothing. 

  

  Anyway, anyway... After long last, and much procrastinating and much

  hemming and hawing and much waiting for the SoulFAQ people to send in

  their answers to the questions, here it is! Sleek, trim, wonderful.

  1/3 less fat than others of its kind. Full satisfaction or your money

  back. 

  

  We love you. 

  

  And we want you to call our little Home Away From But Not Really

  Because You Call It From Home Home, Howl! BBS (713) 862-1415. KAWL

  2-DAY! If you'd like to submit work for subsequent issues of Tamer

  Shrew, KAWL S00NIR!!! :-)



                        -----------------------



ALL WORK PRESENTED REMAINS THE PROPERTY OF THE ORIGINAL AUTHORS!



Don't be stealin' it, ok?



                        -----------------------



Rant #2

  --maeve the magnificent



You want me to chop off your penis.

You want me to take Elena Bobbit into me

a raped beaten demon of vengeance

into MY memory

severing my thoughts.

You want me, possesed to take the bloody kitchen knife

and castrate your sexuality.

You want me to forget my mothers:

Margaret, Anne, Sylvia, Adrienne

their stories, their poems, pens,

mouths,

their truth.

You'd like me to forget to speak

to know only the knife

cut you with it

so you can cut out my tongue,

my womb,

my heart,

my brain.

An unskilled abortionist,

cut it all out.

You want to blame me

like you blamed my (your) mothers

aunts, sisters, cousins

for your need to peek and flash

put pretty eye-coated, red-cheeked

long-lashed, swollen butt,

ballon-boobed dolls on the wall.

I threaten your sexuality.

The one you say you've owned by putting us there

How can you own something you never had?

Your sexuality is past due, repo'ed, man.

What? Do you think I've come to collect ?

or any of us?

With our breasts salted up,

our vacuumed thighs,

we can't even pay our perfect woman debts

not from your empty account vaulted beneath your fat flesh.

Nothing but loneliness locked up beneath your photographer's eye.

Hell, you sold your penis before I learned to speak-

to your mama maybe?



                        -----------------------



lemon knife and quine

 collective hiccup in vocation

  --fortunate hazel



if you cannot, let the forces script it.

symbolic behavior is hard to avoid,

in dreams and in streams of life-blood,

freeway, slow day on the couch, girlfriend.

if you have not, let the (f)ishes (w)ish for it.

shoes are walking tools, truth is,

action is a tool for use, storyboard,

if someone else is watching you,

all symbolic action, dream to dream, between,

life, energy mass and happy bank transactions,

life! energy passed up(out) and acted out(up) in words!

if someone else is watching it's all reference.

symbolic patterns are credited to conscious,

streams of water, altered, history or pathway,

drain, coffee filter, the hiss of winter driving.

if you will not, let the eyes drifting watch it.

behavior is observe, resolve, and evolve,

for life, transmitter and perfect pitch, in images.

if you have will, free it and observe its flight,

choice, refreshment or rest, best referenced to:

life, equation for patterns of mass, acorn and IQ.

self replicating and educating, idea and quine:

"refers to itself in preceding quotation"

refers to itself in preceding quotation,

"refers to itself in proceeding generation/explanation"

refers to itself in proceeding generation/explanation-

spirit and idea, laughing and vacationing,

people in books in people in books in ladle and look!

ocean, soup, nutrient nourishing truth,

"says god in spirit in symbol in vocation"

says god in spirit in symbol in vocation.



                        -----------------------



lovesgaspingplea

  --adonis nothing



where are you?

where are you now?



i need you and you can't tell

i want you and you don't know it

i know you and you deny it

why won't you listen

why must you hide

you tell me you lie

i think your dishonest is the only untruth

why afraid of me?

what would i...

could i...

do?

nothing

not to you

the spark in this darkness

the promise of so much more

you are the core of my universe

and you won't know it

can i help you trust me?

will you...

try?



                        -----------------------



QUICK! YOU'RE GOD!

  --homer the brave



I went around and I asked a bunch of people

a whole bunch of people.



I asked 'em

QUICK! You're GOD! What do you do NEXT?



And they answered.

And I was fucking amazed.



Nothing

they'd say.



nothing.



I'd do nothing and let everyone pretend

I was just human.

I'd walk through the world like some cheap-ass

human

with no power, no divinity, no special beauty



I'd just sit around and be smug, knowing that I knew

something

they didn't.



A lot of people said this.

They said it over and over.



Nothing, they'd say.



I interviewed everyone,

everywhere, all over.

everyone



Nothing, they'd say.

They'd do nothing.



They said just that

The vast, huge majority

said just that.



And the tiny, obscure

minority

when asked

answered thusly:



I'd make everyone happy.



so I ask... happy?



Happy. sez they.



Sez they:

I'd make everyone happy

everyone peaceful

everyone content.

No more war, no more hatred

no more borders or poverty

no more politics, which is

poverty of the spirit

no more need for spirituality

only the experience

of spirit

no more need for god

just GOD

which I guess would be me

I'd make my divine ass irrelevant



so I ask why happy? why not sad?

why not vengeful?



Happy. just cuz. sez they.



And I can respect that.



                        -----------------------



[untitled]

  --mycroft



  as i sit here, pulling the last shards of glass from my scalp,

i come to a conclusion 

  if i had died tonight, it wouldn't have mattered. at all.

sure, a few people would have mourned, a couple might have never

been the same, but there would be no great potential that was

snuffed out. no great dreams would be ended. 

  i used to live life with the thought, `if i am to die today, i

want to be able to say that i have lived.' and i did, i really

lived it up. nothing was more important to me than to suck the

marrow from life and drink it's juices down. now, i almost have

died, and i find my `life' wanting. if the sign i ran my

mother's car into had been two feet closer to the freeway, my

sleeping skull would have shattered along with the windshield. i

would be dead and the world wouldn't be any the worse for wear



 [time, a few days later...]



  i'm walking around what appears to be a freedman's graveyard

off of montrose/west dallas. people drive past me, oblivious to

the utter state of decay of this graveyard. nobody cares enough

to pull the weeds that completely cover some graves, or re-bury

sarcophogi that rise to the surface. nobody remembers these

people but me, now. i don't want to be like this, ever. if i

die, people might say that i lived, but for what? it's no longer

just good enough for me to just be knowledgeable and

interesting, to have seen and done it all. i want the world to

hurt if i am taken before my time. 



  i've been slowly preparing for college the past few weeks, now

i am attending classes and dealing with the day-to-day shit that

surrounds them. before this accident, i was dreading the work

and toil it would take to educate myself, now i'm ready for it.

i am going to make something of myself which the world will want

and need. i'm ready to grow up now.



                        -----------------------



Question

  --echo



In a cosmic ocean, whos to blame

if noone knows from where they came

Would we die of pity,

Would we die of shame

If we find sometimes we feel the same?



In a timeless circle, who says whats real

and whos to dictate what we feel

Is destiny set

Can we break the seal

In the end our very soul to heal



If I stole your freedom

and stole your name

Would it take away

from thus you came

Money, Honor, Power, Fame

When facing death

whoe'd be to blame?



Is this life you're living

a life of steel

Do you believe

that you turn the wheel

Or do before your God to kneel

Is your life

Something you must steal?



I'm hungry, thirsty

didnt get

What in the end

I'll just call IT

I've won and lost

games called regret

There must be something

better yet



I'm searching, winning

living true

In the end

We'll all break through

living lifetimes

each second new

Was I me

or was I you?



Put side by side

compared to whose

The right to life

Is the right to choose

Appear together

thats Nature's news

So why on surface

things confuse?



A life so precious

Each secound bought

As time moves onward

life is caught

Within a circle

of spinning thought

Will we ever learn

the things we taught?



Your life touched mine

and mine yours too

We still proclaim

that friends are few

Shout-and uphold opposing views

Denying truth

Long overdue



Spending your life

to reach some goal

Never seeing

past your role

Life is more than a blackend hole

Finding truth

in our Shinning Soul.



                        -----------------------



Beatnik Ego

  --xann (keith dennis)



ATTENTION.



ATTENTION.



ATTENTION.



attention.



hey, misder keid dddennis....dis is yr ego callin....i know theres a 

spirit in there somewhere...im addressing you....when youse writin, its 

all you.



but when youse reading, its all me.



the name of the game. ham bone.

slambone. any home dat can have you, any skirt you can have

were all so lonely

all so lovely, all so sullen.

but, we all got dark and light, you know,

like

its all rolled into one, jack.

jack. yeeeaaaahhhh.

hes our man, dig,

but if he cant do it...

louis ferlinghetti, dig it.



you gotta keep me alive...keep the beat, misder keid...im the junkie here, 

im the inspiration here...i give you conflict. i makes you want that 

girl...i makes you want that monney..



i knew this sagiterrean cat back in detroit, and says he one day, real

wise-like,

"why should i mind

what you find

when you look inside of me?



"i think its kind

yr not blind

to who

i

want

to

be."



and he goes on to say, like this here, like maybe an A minor & an E minor

for gooood measure, jack:



"turn and face the masses

place on yr soul glasses

end the fascination

puke up fabrication

find out who you are;

well i wonder

yeah i wonder

who

you

really

are."



i was singing like this see, on my way to the madhatter one night south of

the modor sidheee, and it hit me, what this sagiterrean cat said once, he

said "hey, dig this shit, man, man alive, its like the

spirit

need only be correct its the ego dets weak you dig"isaididighegoeson"well,

its like diss, man, you up on det staagge, jack, its all so strange, jack

all them people, all 30 of em, clappin like nobodies biz at you,

you, dis local cat who can tit for tat tell dem brats where its at, dig

it, ahright...so you love it, now you aint so pure no mo, youse high on

that applause, youse high on the women, dey all wanna fuck you cause you

got a mind to go widdat cute lil 19 yr old assahyrs, right, and like, now

you write for them, deys like you audience, diggit...it aint so pure

anymore...what you writin for..."



"thoughts are bullets in the flesh gun of man

the dead unloaded we fear them!



"we give them value in a worthless state cause

someday were gonna be near them!



"flesh hides monsters inside of us all

...although we try not to see them

animals call out, and animals crawl out;

...when you have sex you will free them!



and on and on i sang, on my way, with my guitar stashed securely away, to

another date, another day w/o no tannnngible pay. all dem songs, cat. i

haddall dem songs intact. tight. i get into it, hambone, i picked my

hambones clean for dem people, and one year later, i see it, cats, i see

it kittens, its all so clear, what im doin up here, i was lookin at the

chixxx, man...i looked at udderstuff too...but de chixxx...i said to

myself, i gotta mind, i gotta mind, i think about things, i think about

things...yeah...





"ANIMAL PASSION, ESCAPES MY

LIPS        (X)

ANIMAL PASSION, IM ONNA

TRIP        (X)

ANIMAL PASSION, ITS DRIVIN MY

HIPS        (X)

animal passion, i wanna slip

inside

animal me

animal you

i see animal me

inside animal, animal you

animal me, animal you

i see animal me

inside aaanimal

cannibal

you"



and on and on i sang. i sang that song in a dennys once, next to a girl

that was as fucked in the head as any motherly replica ive ever chased.



she went crazy. she squirmed in her seat.

i realized i was onto something, something extraordinary. egotistical.

evil when in the wrong hands. i had the wrong hands that night. i used the

most truthful, bitterly truthful poem id ever heard, written by dat

sageterrean cat, dat modor sidheee uncle wayne of mine, to put the hot

seat on the girl. and it almost worked. good thing it didnt. dat was a lil 

rough, even for me..



why do we write? why are we up here?



ok, lets have it out like this. we write cause something hurts, we write

cause something feels good, we write because theres this nothingness

intowhich something maybe nonordinary walks, or maybe something so normal,

so real that its pure poetry, and we write about it. we can imagine it,

and then write it, if we like, it can be fiction, you could write the book

on anything true false or altogether something other than else.

but then, why do we read?



why am i, why are any one of us here...what the hell do we think were

doing here, up at the top of these steps in dallas, deep ellum, city java

cafe, and so on. who told us to do this? i sure as hell wasnt invited!

these are the things i ask myself when i wake up in the morning.



i just woke up.



ill take a stab, which anyone here can remove and thrust back into me. i

like pitchforking myself and others in the rear end, i like to shake

things up, so, friends and neighbors, lovers, patriots...why are we doing

this? sam modica asked himself something similar last week...his wife

wondered why he went to read poetry here or whereever...he gave us all a

pretty good answer. hes older than me, hes seen a lot more.



what about YOU?



ego?



ego got the best of you?





remember now, go back go back...it was like a big panaoramic photo of a 

serial killer...all the faces were dark except for the girlssss...you 

looked up from yr mouthpiece like so, in between the songs in the show, 

you looked at the girls....at the girls...



n dat sag cat was right--some of em did, some of em did wanna fuck, you 

know it....deysey...dkid musshave a myeined...couldnt be after just one 

thing, my kittens in arms...no no no, that cat must want us all for our 

brains...



ooooooh, didnt it feel so goood....



to get them compliments like you knew you would



oooooh, aint it soooo nice.....



even now...even then...even always, pickin yr hambone clean, boy, pickin 

yr hambone clean...



im so proud i got a spirit behind me...so nice to be one up on all the 

other cats...i got invisible, invincible means of protection, support and 

so on and always so forth.



oooooh, you goin places kid, that late night queen says write my 

biography, you big hunk of a witty man...yr reedeemer called you a very 

interesting poet, member dat, yeh!



oooooh, its top of the hep heap for you, boy....just last week, yeah, all 

yr friends said you got soul all the people clapped, like old times, they 

clapped for you...clapping for you...



oooooh, boy, look out world, sag cat says you need to put out a book, 

everyone else has, that old tom cat said he was in the prescence of a poet 

at t crash  worship carnival just last week



and ooooooooh, boy, the other day, across the way, dat young thing said to 

you, boy hey! "im gonna see you in an an

tho

lo

gie

 of

contem

   pora-ry

america

n

p o e t r y

some

   day."



oooooooooooooooooooooooh

mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmdont dat makeyoufeelso gooooood.



now you go home on tuesday and you say, what can i write for the audience 

on wednesday?



you write a confession...you expose the beatnik skirtchasing wineguzzling 

wordjunkie in you, and in us all.

you chase skirt

guzzle wine

you live off text that makes you wanna start a revolution

and then say youse a pilgrim



well, keith dennis, this is yr beatnik ego callin, the one that needs to 

be the voice of the next wave, generation Y. and i say

get off the high horse, lad...you aint nothin big....youse a writer, sure, 

you express yrself, sure...but that aint nothin yr housewife mother dont do

when she decides to get creative, try variety, and buy

a sara lee pie when shes furiously scribbling her grocery list



all her children clapped at the choice she made. sara lee apple...mmmmm.



congradulations on expressing yrself, mommy. the sweet taste of success, 

w/half the fat!



                        -----------------------



dream, 6/3/94

  --homer the brave



I was with the other man, and we were on the beach, near the bungalow. 



There were trees planted there with a curious characteristic: One limb

of each tree, when moved, would produce a sweet, high-pitched note. The

sound was reminiscent of a flute, but more like a flute that was inside

a tree. The trees themselves looked to be cypress or redwood, or some

strange combination of the two, and they soared up towards the heavens. 



So we stood there on the beach for some time, moving the limbs of these

trees. It took only a short time to understand the technique. Easy

enough. We would move the limbs in contrary melodies, and see who could

evoke the highest and lowest note from our trees. We smiled broadly at

each other, held in a kind of childish bliss. 



Before long, we began to accompany the waves as they washed up on the

sand. Slowly, in long phrases, and the moon was floating solemnly

overhead. We gave up smiling for a sort of understood quiet, as though

we had just had a long and meaningful discussion, he and I, and we were

now digesting all that had been said. 



He spoke. "We should summon a tidal wave. Do you think we can?" 



I replied cautiously, "Do you think we have that sort of power? Do you

think we could do such a thing? And should we?" 



"You talk too much," he said, a grin returning to his face. 



I continued to passively accompany the waves. He, however, would play

louder, longer, with each rush of the tide, building and building. 



Our host came out of the bungalo and approached. She sat between the

two trees, as if she knew what he were doing, and smiled approvingly.

She looked at me, saying, "If its going to work, you'll have to join

in." 



I thought for a moment, shrugged, and said, "What the hell." 



We harmonized, building louder and stronger. Our two trees began to

create overtones that implied fundamental frequencies much, much deeper

than either of us could hear or understand even. But we felt it. 



As we continued, we heard a deep, dark rumbling from the horizon. Had

it really worked? Or was this thunder from a nearby storm? 



In came a huge wave, 25 feet high at least. It rushed towards us. Panic

struck my brain and just as I was about to run away, I realized there

was really nowhere I could go. Something inside me continued to play

the tree. 



The wave gradually halted, towering over our heads. All was totally and

completely silent; it stood there, a vast wall of water. I could see

small fish swimming inside it. It seemed to be listening... to our

music. 



                        -----------------------



The Wise-Man, The Dirt-Eater

(How Victory Is Found In Filth-Reveling)

  --fortunate hazel



i live in a lot of tossed rocks

it's a house-cave, it smells like me

in my hands are rabbit skins

and what had been in those skins

was dribbling down my chin

I wiped my swollen red nose

and screamed out "I win!" (an owl-shout)

"I can! I can and I win!"



i spit out bits of shit and within,

little bits of spittle,

i've bit bullets and scarred kettles

i have great mettle and worth

those great little bits of spittle though,

say-spray that carries my message

of messes and pellets away to other noses



that's what i love on my lips,

i like to taste the worthless dirt and spit

it's in my nose, and who knows where it's been?

owl-carried, all-worried and old,

I don't care, I've been there,

whatever it is that sicks up the spit up,

I've been there and seen it- so shut up.



I'm screaming what I've been dreaming,

bits of lung, stringy bits from coughing fits,

they come too, i'm giving you a real

piece of my mind you can squeeze it and feel me

you can smell me you can see what i see

with your nose who knows?  ya might like it.

just don't try and fight it at all.



I got the "40" solution, I'm a forty-hag

I've got a rabbitskin bag full of filterless fags

I don't care about my lungs, they can't be

as black as the things i see flying in my house

that ain't no mouse, miss, it's a bat

you'll know the mice, they're the size of cats

i name them all as i kill them off...



You could get "40," maybe tomorrow

I worked through the sorrow, raked my skin with it

i drew blood and drew answers from it, in it

now the wisdom of the ages is within my skin,

read my scars, out here under the stars,

dermal learning, red astrology and your future's there

read it, when you're done, i'll hit you.

earth-missed and scooped mist of spit: a worth-fist.



I grew wrinkles and hair-grey for you,

Worked up 24 years in 24 hours, life in a day,

I like it this way, teeth are for the weak

Who needs teeth?  I've got some in my gums,

I save 'em for special occasions, not to eat,

But to spit at kids, bloody and yellow-weak.

I'm an infinite "40," I could be you soon.



I have a wall of disgust surround me,

When I'm sicker and my nose is even bigger,

I spit out shit and lick it thicker

I will it to spin, spraying spit from within,

Wrap it around me at night and stay warm,

Lie on it in the sun, and feel warm even in cold wind,

I've got my wall, i trust disgust initmately,

And I wanna know, how thick is your skin, miss?



All the little girls and boys have to hug me

They want to hug some cotton-thing, some huggy-bear,

But they have to hug me and I hug to scare,

Mom don't know that I release teeth, or the age i wear

Mom don't know that I don't care, she ain't "40"

She don't know the first word of this world, but I do.

Each of my grey hairs stands fer "I been there"

And the ones on my chin, each stand fer "I win!"

The young'ns run, and I scream out after 'um

"I can! I can and I win!"

And it's an owl-cry, a 40-yell.



But that Mom's been told that I'm wise,

So she sends her kids to break my disguise, my filth-wall,

She's never tried at all, she's never been small

Sends her kids where she won't tread, incredibly deadly lady

She'll never get "40" either, kid or "40"

She's neither, just a big tunnel of lies,

Her kids are numbered fucks that fly,

Come shooting shouting out of this tunnel of lies,

She gots husbands that are numbered guys

The ties that bind her life are lies,

But Mom wants her kids to learn from ME, so it goes:

I shout out "I can! I can and I win!"

And it's an owl-cry, a 40-yell.



Later I shout again, and kill some goats

My "40" came early, your "40" could come,

Everybody's got some, and some succomb to it

I did I've been, and I got through it.

Life is better than I ever knew it:

If that only dreams were clean, i'll argue with you still:

So give me a cheer for each "40th" year:



"I've seen it!"

"I've been there!"

and "I don't care!"



"I can!  I can and I win!" said 40 by 40 by 40 again

So I'm rolled up in my filth-rug,

My spit is a drug, my hair is bugged,

Silver hairs and silver fish mixed

My gums are healed, my lungs are fixed

So I dig a hole and sit in it

Life is in it, and life within it...

It's great, it's a dirt-eater's heaven

It's paradise, black honey and bugs...

Can't beat it, can't see it from where you are up there

But don't worry, you needn't look far-fer

Everyone, he or she, can fall "40" in a fast flash

No matter how you try and shake it,

Polish mud to try and fake it, trash queen,

Crowned king of the underground...

You'll live it, you won't care that you've been there,

and you'll have won...  so with that, I'm done.

Lastly, nasty and laughingly, I screamed out my dream:

"I could... I could, and I did!"

And it was an owl-cry, a 40-yell.



                        -----------------------



SoulFAQ

  --compiled by homer the brave



soul n.

1. The animating and vital principle in human beings, credited with the

   faculties of thought, action, and emotion and often conceived as an

   immaterial entity. 

2. The spiritual nature of human beings, regarded as immortal,

   separable from the body at death, and susceptible to happiness or

   misery in a future state.

3. The disembodied spirit of a dead human being; a shade.

4. Soul. Christian Science. God.

5. A human being.

6. The central or integral part; the vital core.

7. A person considered as the perfect embodiment of an intangible

   quality; a personification. 

8. A person's emotional or moral nature. 

9. A sense of ethnic pride among Black people and especially

   African-Americans, expressed in areas such as language, social customs,

   religion, and music. 

10. A strong, deeply felt emotion conveyed by a speaker, a performer,

    or an artist.

11. Soul music.

  ---American Heritage Dictionary





  We're here to ask questions. At least, someone once said that we are.

I'm inclined to believe that's true, since I spent a lot of time asking

people some questions about their souls. Not that I was envious, mind

you; I like my own soul quite a bit, even if I don't believe it

actually exists. 

  The idea here was to find out the opinions of a diverse group of

people on the topic of the soul. Unfortunately, none of the Christians

I sent e-mail to have yet responded, so I will have to proceed without

their answers. I say this to let you know I'm not theologically

biased... They just didn't answer. 

  I've put the answers in random order so you can't tell who gave what

answer.. I'm so sneaky!





'Soul' is:

 a) an eternal and essential part of one that will outlive one's body

 b) a segment of one's personality that allows one to sing the blues

    effectively

 c) a metaphor which humans use to somehow attempt to better understand

    themselves

 d) a pile of crap

 e) other (please explain: ____________)

      [bonus points if your answer is e]



     Sorry...I'll live without my bonus points and say: all

     and/or none of the above.



     E: The Soul is an amalgam of an individual's personality

     and supernatural characteristics. It is not always confined

     by the shape of the human body, and under many

     circumstances will survive it's destruction for an

     indefinite period.



     a and e. I veiw the soul as the eighth and ninth

     conciousness. Karma and Buddahood.



     An idea that allows us to pretend that we're not really

     going to die.



     Sorry I don't like any of these choices. My definition of

     soul is that which cannot be seen, smelled, felt, or

     experienced, but there are alot of people who are really

     interested in it!



     e - That word that proceeds Train in one of the longest

     running music variety shows on T.V. Everyone knows that the

     only reality is T.V. reality!



     e - I believe that, while 'a' is essentially true, that

     definition doesn't go far enough. Craftworkers say that

     when someone creates a 'work of art,' the creator puts some

     of himself into it. So it is - I believe - with people (and

     with nature, for that matter). I believe that what we think

     of as 'soul' or 'spirit' is that 'spark of divinity' which

     is connected to the Creator of All Things. And - being

     isolated, separated parts of the Divine - we are driven

     through our many lifetimes to seek to rejoin the Divine.





What makes you think there are such things as soul(s)?



     Besides Marvin Gaye, the Temptations, Detroit Emeralds, the

     eternal spinning axis-eye, Jackie Wilson and Shugie Otis

     (sort of) ?



     Nothing. I appreciate the use of the word "soul" as poetic

     metaphor, but most of what I would mean by the word I would

     prefer to call ego. That way, I exchange a lot of

     metaphysical baggage for psychoanalytic baggage, which is

     not ideal, but is an overall improvement.



     My practice of magick; visionary experiences of various

     sorts. Intuition. I also find a scientific explanation of

     self-awareness and consciousness to be unconvincing and

     fragmented. 

    

     Well, since I believe that you live over and over again,

     there has to be something that goes on to the next life.

     Therefore there has to be a soul.



     I dunno, really. Just a feeling, I guess. No, scratch that.

     The `feeling' is what tells me that my soul exists.



     Something animates and motivates us and - for lack of a

     better term - I believe that it is our "soul." There are

     too many documented cases of Near Death Experiences and

     reincarnation (see Stevenson, _20 Cases Strongly Suggestive

     of Reincarnation_ [I believe that's the title]) not to

     believe that there is something which is our consciousness

     and which leaves the body at death and - at least sometimes -

     enters into the body of a newborn child.



How tangible must a soul be for it to exist?



     What an odd question. I recognize the existence of many

     intangible things.



     What do you mean by "tangible". Under normal circumstances,

     I'd imagine that it could only be intuited, not measured.



     As tangible as Buddahood.



     How tangible does one have to be? AS TANGIBLE AS A FUCKING

     MOUNTAIN! Souls don't fade in and out of existence like

     some bad sci-fi movie hologram. It was a human soul that

     spoke through Martin Luther King's lips when he told the

     world of his dreams. It was holding the pickaxe that felled

     the Berlin wall. The real question is whether or not the

     lump of flesh sitting on the other end of the computer is

     real, not the soul.



     It is said that upon death, the human body loses excactly

     one gram of weight. (Yet it seems heavier...the "dead

     weight" effect. Of course I can't prove this, so it may

     very well be bullshit.)



     It must be at least as tangleble as kite string. If you

     can't tie it in a knot, then what good is it. If you don't

     understand, just ask Charlie Brown.



     How tangible must electricity or gravitation be to exist?



Is the humorous nature of the following typo mere coincidence: 'assoul'?



     Is the coincidental nature of the following typo mere

     humor: 'assoul'? 



     IF this had come from anyone else, I would say that it was

     a coincidence, but coming from you...;-)



     I don't know. I'd rather contemplate my navel.



     Mostly.



     Uh, yeah.



     I have no idea what this question was because I messed up

     and erased part of it.



Where is the soul located?



     It's around. It's especially around things which are round.



       It moves around. Sometimes mine is in my penis, sometimes

     it vainly seeks admission to other people's heads.

     Sometimes it casts loose entirely, and roves the planes of

     Aristotelian essence, or the infinite worlds of If, or

     Erewhon, Xanadu, Shangri-La, or the far Centaurus suns.

     Sometimes it strikes beyond the farthest limits of human

     thought, to lie gasping like a lungfish on a trackless

     alien beach, ten leagues beyond the wide world's end. 

       Usually, though, it's about three inches behind my

     eyes, and doing nothing in particular.



     In the alaya consiousness.



     The soul is located in whatever part of the person that is

     involved in action. The soul is the action. The soul can

     reside the the engine of a race car, the wings of an

     airplane, or in the wires of a computer. A soul cannot sit

     behind a television set. Where do you keep yours?



       Either in a diamond in a bound chest in the larder of the

     palace of the Queen of the Sea, or in a shiny new dumpster

     in Weehawken, NJ. Mystical Judaism believes that the soul

     is contained in a minute and indestructable fragment of

     bone from the spine, which will act as a seed to regrow the

     human body on the day of ressurection. 

       Where is the soul located? Right here.



     LONGITUDE 45 degrees, 24 minutes; LATITUDE 22 degrees, 4

     minutes. Look for the big rock. fifteen steps to the north.

     X marks the spot. 

    

     A cat is curled up on my lap.



How can one find evidence of the soul's existence?



     Define it, and maybe you'll know where to look. It's not

     a problem for me.



     Take a 10" hairpin and insert it to it's full length into

     one's right eye. Repeat as necessary. ("Hey, it works!"

     <thud!>)



     Near Death Experiences, for one. 

    

     Check for a pulse.



     Look around here, at this place. Is it just a BBS anymore?

     Would it still be the same if we all left and were replaced

     by random strangers using the same handles? It is this

     collection of souls that makes this place.



     Allow me to refer you to the "blues" section at your local

     record store.



Given that there are many interpretations of the whys and wheretofores

of the soul, how can I choose which one is correct?



     Try to find what systems of belief you are comfortable with

     have to say about such. Then compare them and see what they

     have in common.



     Listen to the teaching that makes the most sense.



     For this, I say that you must look to yourself and have

     luck. Everything I know, a little bird told me.



     I would try the Magic 8-ball. It is more accurate than

     flipping a coin, but not as good as the ouija board!



     Assume that all are correct and that all are incorrect.

     "None of Thee Above." 



How are 'souls' connected with 'angels?'



     Ethernet. Actually, I consider angels to be a lot less

     interesting idea.



     I believe that Nature Spirits are the genuis loci of the

     physical world; and Angels, Dragons and similar creatures

     are the genius loci of other worlds.



     Through a mistaken perception.



     With a rubber band?? 



Compare/contrast 'soul' with 'spirit'... Are they the same thing?



     No. Christianity is one of the very few religions that

     believe that we only possess a single soul. Though I have

     used "soul" thoughout this message, I generally say that a

     person's Spirit is composed of a host of Souls, each being

     a facet of that person's personality or potential facet.



     Not at all the same thing. The soul is the part of you that

     never dies, but which carrys on from life to life while the

     spirit is the part of you that keeps you sane. Spirit is

     more of an emotional trip while the soul is more real.



     No. Soul is something that you have if you are cool, spirit

     is something you drink when you WANT to be cool



     I believe so. I also believe that what the Japanese call

     'kame' are also spirits. In fact, you might say that a

     spirit is a disincarnate soul



Add anything else you might have to say about souls. What important questions

have been omitted? What are the answers to those questions?



       What of those people, and there are millions of them,

     who seem to have less personality and "soul" than the

     average Lhasa Apso? I think that is so because, paradoxical

     as it may sound, they offer less to the anthropomorphizing

     sentiment of the observer. The same sentiment which readily

     ascribes sentience to cetaceans, trees, imaginary entities,

     and even inanimate objects, seems baffled by some of our

     fellow men. I think that people choose, and learn, to

     literally project a "nobody here" impression. 

       Also, I believe that souls are made, not born.

     Everyone who is content with ignorance, I believe, lives

     and exists "less" than they might otherwise.



     Soles are good on shoes, they help keep your feet off the

     ground. One question I think you left out was can a white

     man have soul, and the answer is yes, but only if he dyes

     his soul black!



     "All God's chilluns have Soul, but only a few can sing the

     blues."





I would like to thank the following folks for replying:



At Howl! BBS (713) 862-1415

  Echo and Mycroft



At Ikonoclast BBS (713) 721-1538

  Palinurus and The Mighty Sexgod!



At The Familiar Spirit BBS (201) 837-5914

  Clifford Low and Ken Pastore



                        -----------------------



shallow drowned

  --adonis nothing



so there it is it is all like this and in the end it doesn't

matter broken open clouds rain falls down we are shallow drowned

in deep blue water far black sky the voices asking why try to

move now everything is comfortable everything is senseless dust

breathe the hate arrive too late strapped down opened wide

robbed of the whole the burning coal cooled by words soothed by

the touch breath of a girl for all the world like a madman a

sadman visitations not few see the world with the sandman view

is it true what is said was it red and blue and black take it

back stop it all melt into the room and follow slowly knowing

growing wide eyed little girl twirl twisting ends bends turns in

circles fall to the ground found it is softer there where the

waiting lies denies that it ever was because it is hard to

justify give a reason why try the shadowlands woman hands

grasping heart pull strings dance puppet boy precious thing

sprout wings fly join the gril in the sky swallow water it grows

nigh the next life no strife bundle up fellings kneeling in tall

grass moon will guide hide keeping from the sun run fast full

mast ship sails oceans wide seven not so many as eleven magic

numbers that exist making with the luna face a tryst trust not

and fear not spill blood and drink do not think cut charred made

hard angels hair girl breath soft warm death a marker for places

once been do not drown swallow this blue and breath...



                        -----------------------



Boxcar-pawns take good words for granted

  --sentry



The Good Word rises and falls with

   faces and discarded jerseys in back-alleys

   and bridges

Despicable rise and fall and piles of

   zines in the back room with honey

   and feathers

Why, in the streets without homes and smiling

   we walk past, the wounded

   silently stride past us, wounded.

Who, across the street in silence

   smokes, red-orange without a face,

   pools of rainwater extinguish traces

Shattering with rise and fall

   and forgiven failings, red-orange, without a face.

   broken-down pink Volkswagons flailing in high seas.

You shatter with it.

   glass and playing cards in high winds-

   their screaming is plain and muted.



                        -----------------------



so-so-so

  --fortunate hazel



the bottles are like bags in the attic,

thick bags like old books are thick, sticky with dust,

held together by a long line of time, time-twine,

and that you disturb this, you time-unravel travelling,

those bags in the attic are full of letters,

still as words in print except when read hints of things,

things (living) in the past that didn't last, love letters.

long lost love letters, that would better be burned to

heat up some butter, so your toast will taste better,

rather than reading them until your heart is bitter,

heat that butter up instead of bringing up that

old cracked loving cup, held up in a toast that

said forever but soured away muttering lust, lust

too much lust but not enough love, and there it was.

how many bottles count up this way, up into a wall?



an apartment attic, one long tragic second story,

we all had pasts that were plaster in the wall,

all of us are a part of it, memory-made thickest bricks,

our tricks came back a-tricked us, slipped between us

during the fuss and the rush of the days gone by,

and today, you ding-a-ling, brings us up to snuff.



i've written things that i haven't lived,

it's the only nobility that i can afford, fiction

here the soil is barren and the oiled bearings are failing,

binding and flaking with rust, red rust,

bad blood from a dying dream machine, dirty so dirty.



                        -----------------------



The Year 2000

  --maeve the magnificent



The year 2000 is coming...



STOP.

here.

stop

    the future.

stop now.

           Stop

              the past.

Every month 1500 women die,

        slain by men they know.

                             stop.

When I was fifteen I wore black

I liked the sex pistols and wrote bad poetry.

They said I was rebllious.

I was.

They said i was depressed

I have been.

They said I'dl get over it.

Not yet.

If I was fifteen today, my parents might put me in a mental facility.

They might send me to a psychiatrist who might medicate me

Zoloft

Ridillin

or something new and better

Something to make me active

less depressed

help me focus

smile when I go to my boring job

boring school

something to help me forget my troubles

or at least accept them.

Stop the future.

middle class white men gather together perform

rituals stolen from Native Americans

they learn to bond

have their feelings,

be in touch with their rage

to take young men under their wings

and prepare for manhood.

They work for oil companies

mining companies

cattle markets

the rapists of Native soil

They pay $200 a plate to sponsor

Robert Bly

to keep their council afloat

They quote Camille Paglia

"Feminists are whining bitches"

Stop the Past.

Revolutionary Communists hand me a pamphlet,

this was before protesting at the 92 Rebulican National convention

It told me how to keep silent should I be arrested

To keep only my name fresh on my lips

It reads like the pamphlet the AF gave me before deployment

should I get caught by the enemy

Airman Johnson

457-13-2266

USAF

Stop.

stop.

STOP.

I tell my sister the lawyers wife it's her life i

fear for

should the riots come

the revolution start

I am proletariat

i say

Proud

and ashamed

of my whiteness

the privelage we shared growing up

It's you, I say who will be taken into the street

and shot.

i know this is true.

like i know if I'm not,

I'll be sent away

locked up

or killed

when the federal police

sanctioned by Congress

(100,000 in the next year)

storm my home...

or my white womans nightmare

My house broken into by angry black men

raped

tortured

"Stupid white bitch"

Carefully programmed

before I could say the word,

"rebellion"

or 'oppression'

Stop the future, No drug can fix us

Stop the past, half remembered rites and prayers, stolen cannot fix this

Stop

war cannot

stop

rebellion cannot

stop

hate cannot stop

God cannot stop

Christ cannot stop

The year 2000 is coming

Stop.

