Archive-name: Affairs/candy.txt
Archive-author: Gunner
Archive-title: Candy and the Gunner


                   A true story that really happend to me.

         I had this really good friend named Dave who also had a friend
    named Rusty.  Well, Rusty had this really knockout girlfriend named
    Candy.  Dave is a real bullshitter and I didn't believe half of the
    wild stories he told, so I just ignored his comments about how wild
    Candy got when she got drunk.  He told me how Rusty was the type of
    guy that only wanted it about once or twice a week and Candy wanted it
    once or twice an hour.  Since she was a "good little girl" she
    couldn't really cheat on Rusty, but if you got her drunk, she would do
    anything and not feel guilty about it.

         One day Dave told me he was going to prove to me how wild Candy
    really was.  He had arranged for us to meet her at the local Pizza Hut
    for pizza and beer.  When she met us I noticed that the dress she was
    wearing was really unusual in that it was made almost exactly like a
    raincoat, buttons down the front with a belt around the middle.  I
    also noticed a lot of cleavage and her shapely claves encased in
    fishnet stockings.

         We sat down and ordered our pizza and two pitchers of beer.  When
    the beer arrived, Candy said that she didn't want to drink any because
    she didn't like the taste.  Well, after our pizza arrived Candy gave
    in and poured herself a glass of beer.  When we were done with the
    pizza, we were also done with the beer and Candy had only had one.  We
    soon ordered two more pitchers and convinced Candy that the only way
    for her to drink with us was to "chug" each glass so she wouldn't
    taste it so much.  After "chugging" about six or seven glasses of
    beer, Candy was being as sweet as her name.  She had unbuttoned two of
    the lower buttons on her dress so that she could mover her legs enough
    to play footsie under the table with me.  As we were leaving, Dave was
    getting in the driver's side of the car and I was waiting for him to
    unlock the passenger door when Candy called out to me.  She was
    standing in the center of the parking lot and when I turned she opened
    up her dress and showed me a braless cutout corsett with garters and
    stockings.  Her nipples were about the size of a quarter and looked
    like Hershey's Kisses in the cool evening air.  Her bush was a light
    strawberry blonde that looked like the hair was very thin or recently
    trimmed.  About then I realized that we were in the middle of a city
    with about 100,000 people in it and it was still daylight at 8 P.M.
    Dave unlocked the door and we got into the car.  Nothing else happened
    that night, but Candy and I became drinking buddies for several
    months.

         One evening about 4 months later Candy called me and invited me
    and my bottle of rum over to her apartment for margaritas.  I quickly
    showered, dressed, hit the liquor store and was at her apartment in
    about 20 minutes.  When I got there I thought something was up because
    Rusty was working night shift and Candy's roommate was out for the
    rest of the night with her new beau.  Candy made the mistake of
    letting me make the margaritas and I loaded about a cup of rum into
    each one of the drinks.  After our third round Candy was feeling real
    loose.

         Our casual conversation suddenly turned sexy when candy asked if
    I had liked her lingere that night at Pizza Hut.  I said that I loved
    lingere but had trouble finding women who were into it as much as I
    was.  When Candy heard that I loved lingere she offered to give me a
    fashion show of her lingere collection.  I quickly agreed and she
    disappeared into the bedroom to change.

         The first outfit she came out in really knocked my socks off.  It
    was a basic white bra with frilly lace accross the top edge of the
    cups.  The lace was cut just low enough to expose the top half of each
    perky brown nipple.  She was wearing white garters that rode perfectly
    across her slender, full hips with four long, lacy straps leading down
    to her white stockings.  The stockings were the sheer white kind that
    sparkle in the light and she was moving around alot to produce the
    best possible effect with the little light available.  She was wearing
    white lace panties that were no more that two triangles of cloth held
    together by lace straps.  The front panel was transparent enough that
    I could see her light bush and a hint of pussy lips.  She really knew
    what she was doing because she had put her panites on over the garters
    so she could take off her panties without removing the garters.

         The fashion show didn't get any further then because Candy sat
    down next to me and started necking.  Being fully clothed and in the
    arms of this green-eyed, red-haired beauty while she was only clad in
    her underwear was more than I could stand.  I got up and started to
    undress when Candy said "Let me do that for you."  Candy undresses me
    but made it a point not to touch me.  She laid back on the couch and
    handed me a vibrator that had magically appeared in her hand.  "Do me
    with this," she said.  I took the vibrator from her and turned it on,
    adjusting the speed to a very slow, humming speed.  I started out on
    her nipples and when they got good and hard I pushed the cups of her
    bra down to expose them to my tongue.  With one nipple in my mouth and
    my left hand on the other, my right hand moved the vibrator around her
    crotch and upper legs.

         After about five minutes of playing this way I started to move
    the vibrator into her cunt.  I slowly tickled the outer lips of her
    pussy with the tip of the vibrator and watched as her pussy unfolded
    like a lovely flower.  The vibrator was already slick with her pussy
    juices that were leaking out of her like a lake draining so I pushed
    it slowly up into her pussy.  I kept pushing until all eight vibrating
    inches were burried in her cunt.  We moved into a sixty-nine position
    so she could suck my cock and I could lick on her clit while I diddled
    her with the vibrator.

         I finally removed the vibrator from her pussy and decided to get
    down to some serious cunt lapping.  I shoved two fingers of my left
    hand up into her pussy and started to dig around until I found the
    magic spot.  Once I had done this I sucked her clit into my mouth and
    pushed up on the spot.  Candy started squealing and bucking like she
    was being electricuted and pussy juice coated my face and my arm down
    to the elbow.  Suddenly Candy stopped thrashing about and just lay
    there breathing rapidly and deeply.  Without any warning at all Candy
    pissed all over the couch but didn't seem to notice or to wake up.
    After about five minutes Candy woke up and was really embarassed about
    peeing on the couch.  Apparently she was totally knocked out by the
    series of multiple orgasms.  When she got her composure back she said,
    "You can do anything you like."

         When I heard this I was ecstatic.  I first shoved my hard dick, I
    still hadn't come yet, up her juicy cunt and then shoved a finger up
    her asshole.  After ten minutes of slow fucking and several orgasms by
    Candy I lifted her legs over my shoulders.  From this position I
    withdrew my cock in a long slow stroke that made a popping sound when
    it finally came out.  Candy whimpered for me to put it back in her
    when I pulled out but I had other ideas.  I put my cunt juice
    slickened dick right up to her anus and began to push.  Candy was
    obviously no stranger to anal sex because she relaxed and shoved right
    back until my balls hit her ass.  Then she started bucking and I
    started pushing.  This time the strokes were long, hard, and fast.
    Candy grabbed the vibrator off the floor and pushed it into her cunt
    with such savage force that I thought that she might hurt herself.
    The vibrations were too much for Candy and she came twice real close
    together then I was ready to come.  Candy stopped me and told me to
    come in her mouth so I withdrew my dick and, with her legs around my
    thighs, shoved it into her mouth.  With Candy sucking on the head of
    my dick, one hand playing with my balls, and one finger of her other
    hand up my asshole I came what seemed like gallons.  Candy drank it
    all down like a pro and then complimented me on my lovemaking.

         I saw Candy regularly and more kinkily for several more months
    and then she finally made a commitment to be true to Rusty and as far
    as I know she hasn't broken it.  She always knows that if she wants
    anything in the way of sex she can call me.


                                                      <GUNNER>
--
