========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Captured by Ann  1/28
From: an138364@anon.penet.fi
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 1995 19:18:02 UTC

Captured by Ann and Capturing Ann
				by R.D.

	I know that the title I have chosen for this series of accounts
can be misleading.  It gives no explicit indication about what the
reader will shortly encounter.  So I will tell you.  It is my
story--the account of my private life.  For the first time really, it
is the melding of my public persona with the full reality of how I have
chosen to live, to indulge my imagination and to achieve the
realization of the fantasies of my youth.

	I have little illusion about how  the reader will judge me.
Self-indulgent may be the most generous description I can hope for.
But at one level of reality I don't care and at another level of
reality, I clearly do.  The part of me that wishes to share my story
with the reader is not inhibited  by concerns about others' judgments;
the part of me that maintains the buffers that shield my lifestyle and
identity from the rest of the world acknowledges the consequences of
flouting norms of behavior.

	Well so far I have been a bit abstract and I am anxious to start
but a bit of biographical data is necessary.

	I am forty-three years old.  I am also quite wealthy.  My father
was a founder of a household-familiar kitchen appliance manufacturer.
When I was twenty-two and a second year law student, the business was
sold to an even larger public company and my family became that
entity's largest single group of stockholders.  A year later I
inherited all those holdings.  I have sold much of the stock I
inherited and have invested the proceeds fairly diversely.  The last
time I looked (and I look reasonably often) I have about $115 million
invested in publicly traded securities, about $26 million in cash and cash
equivalents and about $65 million in less liquid inv
estments.  That my sound like a lot of money.  It is, but it is not so much money
that I have a highly visible public profile.  You would be surprised at
how many private fortunes in the U.S. exceed mine.

	Access to wealth of course is one thing that makes me
different--it is also what makes my life as I live it possible.  Here
is how it began.

Beginnings - June 1977

	I graduated from law school in 1976 and that fall joined a large
corporate law firm in New York.  After about six months, I knew I was
not cut out for this regimented practice.  First, I was beginning to
spend a lot of my time managing the investments I was starting to make.
 Second, I did not need the salary I was earning as a new lawyer and I
did not need the possibility of advancing in the profession as the
means to secure my future.
 Third, I was not crazy about the work.  The problems I dealt with were
dictated by the needs of my firm's clients-- not by what appealed to
me.  Fourth, I hated the loss of autonomy that working for the law firm
dictated.  I decided that I wanted to be my own boss, to set my own
schedule and spend full-time managing my investments.

	But I also knew that there would have to be some regimentation in
my life. There was a period when I was in college when I lacked the
discipline to go to class and my grades had really deteriorated. Once I
got into the routine of forcing myself to go to classes, to go to the
library for study, all on a schedule, my grades rebounded.  I knew that
I could not leave myself the option of not having a set of obligations
each day.  That meant to me that I would rent an office, employ a
staff, and plan on showing up at work every day.

	I hardly knew where to begin.  I knew I had to rent an office,
furnish it and hire the people who would work with me.  I started with
a first step.  I rented a suite of offices for a short-term (six month)
period.  I believed that I would use that time to get my systems in
place.

	My next step  then was to hire an executive assistant.  I
contacted a placement agency and described what I was looking for.  I
wanted someone more than a secretary; someone who could take charge of
the day to day business of running my office; someone who would hire
and supervise other clerical and support staff; someone who could do
the leg work on furnishing the office; I envisioned the quintessential,
efficient, all purpose gal Friday and that is what I described to the
agency.  There would be no problem in filling the position I was
assured, and I was promised a stream of pre-screened applicants to
interview the following week.

	The first handful of candidates were hardly impressive, however.
Many of the candidates lacked polish.  Others seemed overly concerned
with being assured that they could leave promptly at 5:00 p.m.; others
did not seem to have the experience or the references to give me
confidence that they could fulfill the job's requirements.  Then I met
Ann.

	Ann showed up for her interview precisely at 2:00 p.m.--the
scheduled hour.  Since I had yet to hire anyone to help me, I was
particularly annoyed at the inconvenience of juggling late applicants
appearing in my unattended reception area while I was conducting
interviews in my office.  Ann was about my age, perhaps a year older
than I was and extremely impressive by any standard.  The first
standard I noticed was her appearance.  Ann had
 shoulder-length dark brown hair framing a fair and flawless
complexion.  Her eyes were brown and she was about 5'6" tall.  She had
a wonderful figure, at least to my tastes, which meant that she was
considerably busty and simultaneously thin waisted.  I took note of
these things as we talked about her experience (she was managing the
New York office of a French chemical manufacturer) and the position I
was seeking to fill.  My eyes lingered at her chest, I thought
discretely, as I noticed the outline of the lace of her bra visible
through the translucent fabric of her blouse.  We talked a good bit
about the position and about my reasons for starting up t
he management company.  I described my vision of what I hoped to
achieve and talked about the role I had in mind for my assistant.  Ann
said she was interested and I was about to offer her the job, when she
said there was one problem--the pay was too low.

	Now I had discussed salary with the placement agency and they had
said that the $35,000 a year I had in mind was high by then prevailing
standards.  Indeed they thought I would attract people to apply for the
job who were otherwise content in their present positions, but who
would be interested in moving simply for the increase in pay.

	Ann was telling me otherwise, the advertised salary was too low,
that she was sure I would be getting what I wanted and needed if I were
willing to provide a more suitable benefit package.  I was impressed
with Ann's competence, skill and professionalism (and appearance) and
rather than deflect the issue, I asked her what she had in mind.  As
closely as I can remember it this is what happened:

	"Look," Ann said "I want to be paid an annual salary of $100,000
a year and I know you will be very happy if you hire me to run  this
office for you, because I know exactly what you want."

	"There's no way I would do that - - -" I started to say, but Ann
continued.

	"While you think about it would you excuse me for a minute while
I use the ladies room?"

	I directed Ann to the appropriate doorway and waited for her in
the reception area while I rued the fact that the ideal candidate had
priced herself out of the job.  After about a two minutes, Ann
reappeared and I notice
d immediately what had changed.  As Ann strode towards me there was a
bounce and shift and jiggle that I had not seen before and as she drew
within five feet or so I could see the pronounced imprint of her
nipples against
 the fabric of her blouse. It was clear to me that she had gone to the
bathroom to take off her bra.  The audacity of that move had an
electric effect on me.  "You're hired, Ann"  I said.  "How soon can you
start?"  "A we
ek from this coming Monday" was the reply.  And that is how we began.

First Moves

	The electric image of Ann's bobbling breasts bouncing along as
she walked toward me  when she emerged from the ladies room remained
imprinted in my mind over the ensuing week.  Why was this such a
powerful image?  I gues
s  because it was not within the range of my experience to have dealt
with such overtly and aggressively sexual women.  Sure by that time I
had experienced a series of relationships and girlfriends.  But they
were all wit
h relatively "normal" girls and women whose backgrounds were like mine
and our sexual activity was behind closed doors. Ann's move seemed to
bridge two worlds, injecting overt sexuality into the world of daily
routine and
 the thought of that marriage was one which had a powerful impact on
me.

	The Thursday before Ann was to begin work, she called to confirm
the details and timing of her arrival the next Monday.  We discussed
that she would spend the first few days trying to complete arrangements
with the vendors and suppliers who were needed and that she would set
up what was necessary to complete the hiring of the staff I needed.
Our conversation was totally business- like and I was wondering whether
I had let my judgment ab
out work be clouded by Ann's actions the previous week.  But I knew
that no permanent, irretrievable commitments had been made and that if
things did not work out with Ann, I would go back to square one and
make a more conventional hire.

	I was in the office the next Monday by 8:30--a half hour before
Ann was expected and a little earlier than I would usually have
arrived.  I was anxious to see how things would go.  Like clockwork, at
9:00 the door to the suite opened and there was Ann.  Ann was wearing a
light coat and was carrying a brown leather tote bag in addition to her
pocketbook.  After a quick hello, she went to the closet and removed
and then hung up her coat. Her back was to me as she did this and my
attention was certainly focussed on her.  I saw that she was wearing a
very dark brown leather skirt over hose and her top was a clingy
sweater of a lightweight wool material.  When she turned to face me it
was more than evident that she was, again, braless.  I heard her speak:
"Look, Bob, I told you that I know what you want and what you need and
you are not going to be unhappy that you have put me in charge of
running your office."

	I was in a bit of a struggle to maintain my composure: "Ann, we
have a lot to do . . ." I started to splutter.

	"Bob," she continued "listen to me for a bit, we need to get some
things out of the way."

	Ann took a few steps towards me.  "I know why you hired me.  You
were fascinated by the thought of my being around you all day long, and
of course there are these." And as she uttered that last phrase she
took each of her hands and placed each on the lower outside surface of
each breast and supported each in her palms and sort of pushed them
forwards and up slightly, much as they would have been supported if she
were wearing a bra.

	I was stone silent.

	Ann was still talking. "Now I will tell you why I wanted to come
to work for you."

	"I think you can afford to pay me well and I know I have agreed
to work for $100,000 a year but I know you are going to want to pay me
more as you see the type of job I can do for you."

	"You also seem like someone who wants to succeed and who will
give me the chance to really make your business prosper.  I don't think
this job will be boring for me and I won't let it be boring for you."

	"But don't get the wrong idea, I am not here for you to have sex
with at your whim-- I am no whore -- but I know there will be a sexual
component to our relationship and to how your office is run, but I will
set limits and I know you will respect them."

	"Ann," I responded, "all I was looking for was an executive
assistant and I am a little at a loss as to how to deal with you.
Obviously I am intrigued by you but . . ."

	She cut me off again. "Bob, just take it one step at a time and I
will show you what I have in mind.  I'll show you -- we don't have to
talk it all out in advance.  Let's just get on with our work and we can
talk about the events of the day at the end of the day. And what I'd
like to do now," Ann added as she reached for the leather tote bag she
had brought with her and which I could see had various papers, pads and
personal effects, "is set up my desk and see if I can figure what is
what around here."

	I began to think that Ann was determined to really play with my
mind.  One minute there was business as usual, the next there was a
shockingly provocative act.  At that point I started to be a little
concerned that I was losing control of my new business and that perhaps
I had made a mistake.

	Ann busied herself by unpacking her belongings at her desk.  Her
desk was in an alcove just off the reception area and outside of my
office.  I was seated in an armchair  in the reception area where I had
greeted Ann upon her arrival.  I remained there for about two or three
minutes while I entertained the notion that hiring Ann had been a
mistake.  I looked up as Ann addressed me.

	"Bob, are we expecting anyone this morning?"

	"No, why do you ask?"

	Ann did not answer me directly.  Instead she strode purposefully
to the door to our suite.  I saw her try the door mechanism, make a few
adjustments and I realized that she had locked the door.  I had not
anticipated what she would do next.

	In one swift motion, Ann crossed her arms, reached down and
taking hold of the bottom of her sweater lifted it over her head.  With
this one sudden move, Ann stood before me bare from the waist up.  Her
breasts were quite large, flaring slightly outward and capped with
lovely pink areolae with prominent nipples.  Every movement she made
caused her breasts to jostle and bobble in the most inviting way.
Despite the pendulous nature of her breasts she was not in the least
bit fat.  Her stomach was firm and there were no rolls of flab
overrunning the belt which was cinched at her waist.

	"I've got plenty to do" she said breaking the silence as Ann
returned to her desk and continued to unpack her belongings and arrange
things in order.

	But for the fact that Ann's bare breasts were conspicuously in
motion as she set about her tasks, there would have been nothing
unusual about this scene.  It would have looked to anyone else as if it
were an ordinary office in operation.

	But of course this was not the usual arrangement.  At that moment
I was continuing in my state of puzzlement as to what I was in for.  I
looked at my watch.  It was 9:30 a.m.  Ann had been with me for half an
hour.  It seemed much longer.

	I spent the next few hours at my desk.  My office door was open
and as you might expect my attention was pretty riveted to Ann's
activities.  Just as I was starting to make a phone call, I would see
Ann bend over to accomplish something and I would be treated to the
view of her magnificent breasts swaying like churchbells. I was not
getting much work done.

	Shortly after noon another of my appetites intruded.  I was
hungry.  I invited Ann to lunch explaining that we might take the time
to talk about what I wanted her to accomplish in the few days.  The
bizarre nature of our situation was driven home as I watched Ann pull
on her sweater as a prelude to leaving the office.
unchtime Arrangements

	I asked Ann whether she preferred a nearby seafood restaurant or
a less than pretentious french restaurant that I had frequented.  She
said I should make the choice and thinking that I was in the mood for
an omelet I steered us towards the french bistro.

	The maitre'd recognized me as we walked in and gave me a warm
greeting and promptly ushered us to a banquette where we were seated
side by side.  I am sure that he assumed our lunch was a social, not a
business, meeting.


	I asked Ann if she would join me in a drink.  She said sure and
after checking, I ordered kirs for both of us.  As I started to enjoy
the wine cassis combination I became very aware of Ann's presence next
to me.  I noticed her fragrance.  In close proximity there was an
unmistakable and memorable scent of her perfume.  I was also conscious
of the pressure of the side of her right breast resting and pressing
against my left arm.  As intimate as our earlier dealings had been,
this was the first physical contact between us and it did not pass
unnoticed by me.

	I realized that there was very little I knew about Ann.  The
profile I had received from the personnel agency was less informative
then others had been.  I remembered that she had gone to college at the
University of North Carolina and I seemed to recall that she lived in
Manhattan as well.  I knew about her previous two jobs, but not much
else.  So I asked Ann to tell me a little about her background.  The
question was too vague for Ann.

	"What do you want to know, Bob?" Ann asked.

	I was a little taken aback that Ann parried my question with a
question of her own.  I explained:

	"Ann, I realized that in some ways when I told you about the job
and the reason that I was starting my business I was telling you my
life story and since you are going to be managing a lot of my business,
I really don't anticipate that I will have many secrets from you and I
just thought that I really don't know all that much about you."

	"Now Bob, you really have gotten to  know things about me much
better than you had any reason to expect" Ann replied with a distinct
grin.

	As the truth of that statement registered, I realized that Ann
was not leaving the matter rest there with that clever riposte. "It's
certainly fair for you to know about me, Bob, so see if this helps to
fill in some of the details."

	Ann then went on.  "I was born and raised here in New York.  When
I got out of college at Chapel Hill I enrolled in Katherine Gibbs'
program and started out as a secretary in an ad agency."

	"Pretty quickly I realized that I wasn't going to be content with
a 9 to 5 existence typing away and waiting to meet Mr. Right.  So I
have changed jobs as I have looked for employers who would give me more
latitude to use my brains and when I interviewed with you I thought
that we could be very helpful for each other.  You seem  to have no
artificial limits on where I can go and I think you will be giving me a
chance to give you more than you expect."

	I wasn't sure what all that meant and so I am sure that I had a
pretty blank expression.  But Ann continued:

	"I live by myself here on the East Side.  I'm not married
although I was engaged once but thank God I realized what a disaster it
would have been if we got married."

	For all of that I didn't think I better understood Ann and her
unique approach to her job and her relationship with her employer.

	The omelet I had ordered arrived as did Ann's broiled sole.  I
thought it was time to direct the conversation to the work tasks at
hand.  I told Ann that I wanted us to hire a receptionist who would
also answer the phones.  I suggested that Ann take care of the
interviewing and screening for that position.  I said that I would be
looking to hire an analyst who would help do some of the leg work in
investigating and following the investments  that I would be making.  I
did not expect this to be the subject of much discussion but Ann had a
point of view.

	Ann was quite happy to deal with the receptionist position but to
my surprise she also strongly insisted should screen the financial
analyst.

	"We're all going to have to get along here and I really think
that I can make sure that everyone who works for you will be the type
of team player and have the type of cooperative attitude that you want
and need."

	That was a little oddly put and I was surprised about how
emphatic Ann was, and although I was skeptical that Ann would know what
to look for in a financial analyst ( I wasn't totally sure myself) I
wasn't all that anxious to do much screening for that position and it
seemed expedient to acquiesce to Ann's views.

	We talked a little about the need to be looking for permanent
office space and Ann made the important suggestion of having the
architect I anticipated using to design my office brought on board to
check out the space we would be considering.

	I paid the bill for our lunch and we walked back to the office
exchanging thoughts about what area of the city to locate in and the
pluses and minuses of different phone systems.  We arrived back in the
office and as nonchalant as could be, Ann flipped the latch on the door
behind her and without comment or evident self consciousness casually
removed her sweater baring her marvelous breasts once again.  Without
any comment in my direction, Ann went to her desk and phoned the agency
which had referred her to me and advised of the receptionist opening
she would be looking to fill.

	That afternoon I had a visit to my dentist scheduled and I left
the office at about 3 p.m.  As I walked out and bade Ann goodbye, I
told her I would see her Tuesday and asked her to lock up.  She waived
goodbye and as I left she was at her desk, cradling the phone to her
ear looking for all the world like the efficient assistant I had hoped
for; except of course for the fact that she was nipples bare.

Thursday

	I arrived at the office early on Thursday as I hoped to review my
petroleum industry portfolio in light of some reports I had been
reading about secondary recovery techniques which I thought might
unlock some value in a number of companies whose reserves to some
extent had been thought not be commercially exploitable.  I brought
with me a change of clothes as I planned on shaving and changing my
shirt before the opera that evening.

	Ann was a few minutes early as well.  I conducted my none too
surreptitious survey of her attire as she settled in.  Today Ann was
wearing a charcoal gray pants suit.  Under her jacket, which she
removed and hung up, was a thin shell,  it was abundantly clear she was
not wearing a bra either.

	After morning pleasantries, I settled in with the stack of
research reports I had ordered.  Ann asked if I'd like a cup of coffee
and when she handed it to me I sensed the distinct coffee aroma
intermingling with her fragrance.

	"Bob." I heard Ann say.  "Would it be all right if I asked my
hairdresser to stop by later this afternoon and comb me out?  I could
have him come by my apartment later this afternoon, but I don't want
things to be too rushed."

	"Sure," I answered.  That did not seem to be a momentous
decision.

	As I dug in to the research reports before me, I got immersed in
geological reports, the classifications of different types of oil
reserves, and the accounting implications of each.  Ann brought me
lunch at my desk and funnelled the calls from the brokers I needed to
speak with.  She also told me that she had been in touch with the
placement offices at  three of the city's business schools asking them
to post notice of the analyst's position that was available and she
alerted me to the fact that an ad was to appear in the Sunday Times as
well.

	I was immersed on my research and before I knew what was what, it
was after three and Ann was standing in the doorway to my office.

	"I need to wash my hair before Patrick gets here."

	"Patrick?"

	"My hairdresser, you remember."

	"Sure."

	"Do you mind if I use the sink in the bathroom off your office?"

	"Go ahead."  There was a small bathroom in what must have
previously been a large closet which opened just off my office.

	Ann crossed in front of me and entered the bathroom.  She didn't
close the door and because there was a full length mirror against the
inside part of the bathroom door, from the angle where I was sitting
the entire bathroom was open to me.

	Ann had brought a bag with her into the bathroom.  I saw her take
out two bottles, shampoo and conditioner obviously.  Ann ran water
filling the sink and then wrapped a towel around her hips to protect
her slacks and removed her blouse.  I watched as Ann washed, rinsed and
washed her hair again.  The energy she was using to vigorously lather
her hair animated those marvelous breasts.  Once again I was struck by
the total incongruity of it all.  On the one hand here was this most
casual and intimate of scenes--watching the lady at the bath as it
were.  On the other hand, despite the apparent intimacy our
relationship was not mutual and Ann was as much a stranger then as she
was on her first day.

	Ann emerged from the bathroom with her hair wrapped turban-style
in a towel just as Patrick entered the reception area.  Ann wrapped
another towel around her top and showed Patrick where he could set up
his array of combs, brushes and dryer.  Ann introduced me to Patrick
referring to me as her boss and settled in to a swivel chair not next
to a window.  I returned to my office to continue my work.  The
"whoosh" of the hair dryer in the background continued on and off for
the next twenty minutes or so.

	At 5:00 Ann appeared at the door to my office.  She was dressed
and told me she would be leaving then if I did not have anything for
her to do, that she had one stop she needed to make, and that she hoped
I would be at her apartment at 6:30.  I told her that I would be on
time.  She left me her address which I recognized as a tony condominium
on the east side.

	I finished as much paperwork as I could over the next hour  and
around six I washed up, changed my shirt and tie, ran a comb through my
hair and then caught a cab to Ann's apartment.

	I arrived a few minutes after 6:30.  I gave my name to the
doorman and asked for Ms. Bennett's apartment.  I was directed to the
left wing elevators and was told to go to Apartment 20K.

	Ann greeted me at the door.  She was wearing a blue robe and had
refreshed her makeup.  There was a small entrance gallery to Ann's
apartment which opened to an airy living room with dramatic views on
two sides.  To the east was the river and I followed its course from
the Queensboro Bridge north to Hellgate.  To the south, sliding doors
opened on to a terrace beyond which I could see many of the city's
skyscrapers  suffused in the orange glow of a setting sun.  Ann had
fresh flowers arranged on two tables which were placed at both ends of
a leather-covered sofa.  Ann gave me a quick tour of her apartment
showing me a walk-in kitchen which opened on a small dining area.
There was a mahogany table with four chairs.

	Ann handed me a glass of white wine with a swirl of a red
substance not quite mixed in.  I recognized the kir and complimented
Ann for remembering what I had ordered at our lunch.  Ann beckoned me
to follow her and she led me into her bedroom.

	"Make yourself comfortable" she said motioning for me to sit on a
stuffed armchair.  "Is there any special way you'd like me to dress
tonight?" Ann inquired repeating the question to which I hadn't an
answer earlier.

	"Not really.  What do you mean?"

	"Well, do you want to show me off, do you want me to be very prim
and proper, something in between?"

	Sensing that I didn't have an answer, Ann said she'd try on a few
outfits and that she'd wear whichever I wanted.  Ann opened a door to a
walk-in closet in which I could see a chest of drawers and a whole
series of built in shelves with various garments neatly folded.  She
reached into an area where there were double hung bars filled with
clothing on hangers and removed a dark violet dress.   A gray suit
followed as did a pair of black velvet trousers.

	Ann let her robe slip off her shoulders.  She was wearing a bra
and pantyhose, sheer to the waist--and no panties.  She pulled the
violet dress over her head, stepped into a pair of heels and facing a
mirror smoothed the way the dress lay.  Turning to face me, Ann said
that she thought this would be a conservative choice.  She was
stunning.  She looked elegant and refined.  I told her that she looked
wonderful and that I'd be very happy if she went like that.

	"If that's what you want, this is what I'll wear but let me show
you your options."

	Ann removed the dress carefully placing it on the bed and she
took her bra off as well.  As she stepped out of her heels I saw her
notice that the glass I was holding was empty.  "I'll get you a
refill."  Ann took the glass from me and went to the kitchen.  I looked
around her bedroom.  There was a TV opposite her bed, a small chest
with colored glass objects arrayed on it.  The walls were covered with
a green and yellow quilted fabric with a subtle floral pattern.  Ann
was back.  She handed my drink and sat on the arm of the chair in which
I was sitting.  I was conscious of her proximity.  The fragrance she
was wearing was headier, more intense than what she had been wearing to
the office.  And her bare breasts were inches from my right hand.  I
noticed the silky, fine down which graced her arms.  But I was frozen.
I couldn't bring myself to do what in any other circumstance I am sure
I would have:  reach for Ann and draw her to me.

	After a paralyzing moment, Ann stood and walked to her closet and
pulled on a white sweater.  She then wiggled into the velvet trousers.
"If you wanted to show me off, I could wear this."  The black pants
functioned as a second skin.  The sweater was a special item.  It had a
series of panels of a light material joined it seemed by a band of
sheer stitching.  Through these bands you could see her skin and the
way her full breasts rested on her chest.  "That is a bit much I
think."

	"O.K., maybe this is a good compromise."  Ann stepped out of the
pants took off her sweater and put on the gray suit.  "I can wear the
jacket over nothing, over a blouse or over a slip--and I can go with or
without a bra.  What do you think?"

	The suit gave Ann a more formal look.  And I realized the
possibilities inherent in the jacket which could be buttoned or not as
Ann chose.

	"I really liked the first dress, Ann."

	"Somehow I thought you'd say that" Ann answered.  "What time is
it?"

	"7:15--we really should be leaving soon."

	Ann hung up her suit, put the trousers away, and quickly donned
her bra and the violet dress.  As stunning as she was, I knew I made
the right choice. "Ready?"  "Let's go."

	Ann locked up and we stepped into the elevator.  "Well what am
I?" she asked.

	"What?"

	"Am I your lover, just a date, a friend? -- who did you say I was
to your partner?"

	I admired Ann's anticipation of that issue.  What had I said?  "I
said I'd bring a date.  Look, Richard may well run into you in the
office.  Why don't we stick to the truth.  You're my office manager and
I asked you out."

	"Goodnight Miss Bennett" Ann's doorman said as we walked by.  We
got into a cab and headed over to Lincoln Center.

	There was the usual cross-town jam getting through Central Park
and the mile or so ride took about twenty minutes.  As we walked across
the plaza at Lincoln Center I easily spotted Richard from a distance
standing near the entrance doors to the opera house.  We exchanged
quick introductions and hurried to our seats in the Orchestra.  Richard
told us that these were the seats that went with his subscription and
we settled into them moments before the chandeliers were retracted
towards the ceiling  and the house lights dimmed.  Ann was seated to my
left, Richard's wife Ellen to my right and Richard next to Ellen.

	Ellen was quite striking in appearance.  She had a very deep tan
which set off and emphasized brilliant white teeth  which showed as she
gave us an easy smile.  Ellen's hair was thick, black, shiny and long.
She was wearing a black dress with a bolero style jacket edged with a
red trim.   We had time only for a few pleasantries before the
conductor raised his baton and the performance began.

	We stayed at our seats during the first intermission and talked
about the performance and exchanging comments about, the music, and our
favorite operas.  The banter was easy and Ann seemed to hit it off well
with both Richard and Ellen.  The second act was well staged, but when
the curtain fell we were all anxious to stretch our legs.  Ann and
Ellen engaged in the female twinning ritual of escorting each other to
the ladies room.  Richard then excused himself to stand on line at the
bar, promising to return with champagne for all of us.  I was on the
lookout for the ladies.  As I was standing by myself I felt a tap on my
shoulder.  It was Saundra.  Saundra introduced me to her cousin,
Cynthia.  Cynthia was visiting, New York and was excited about the
glitter of the evening.  As I was telling Saundra that I was at the
opera that evening with business investors, I  noticed that Ann and
Ellen were on their way over, but Ann, for some reason, directed Ellen
away from where I was standing.  Just at that moment the house lights
dimmed and Saundra and Cynthia made their way to the second dress
circle where they were seated.  They were busy in conversation as they
walked past Ann and Ellen.  After they passed, I walked over to Ann and
Ellen and we headed to where Richard was waiting for us.

	When the opera ended I was anxious that we get to the restaurant
quickly; actually I was hoping not to bump into Saundra.  Our
reservations were at Augustine's back on the East Side.  We piled into
a taxi and headed back through the park to the restaurant.

	Dinner was a high energy event, despite the lateness of the hour.
 For some reason, everybody was in good spirits and the two bottles of
wine we enjoyed with our meal contributed to the feelings of well
being.  Richard and Ellen lived only a few blocks from the restaurant
and Ann and I walked with them back to their apartment.  We were
invited up for a nightcap, but we decided to call it a night.  It was
only after we bade our guests goodnight that I began to wonder how my
evening with Ann would end.  I was not kept in suspense long.  In the
taxi over to Ann's, Ann told me that I did not have to see her
upstairs, that her doorman would see that she was safe inside.  I
protested that it was no problem, but Ann was insistent that, since it
was late, I should get home as quickly as possible.  We pulled up in
front of Ann's apartment and the doorman opened the door for her. As
she was getting out of the car, Ann turned back and asked  "who were
those girls you were talking to?"  I felt a bit peeved by Ann's brusque
goodnight and I did not answer.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Friday

	The enigma of my now week old relationship with Ann was a bit
frustrating and was a matter of preoccupation for me as I walked to
work on Friday.  Ann arrived at the lobby  of our office building just
as I was and we rode up the elevator together.

	After the other passengers got off on a lower floor. Ann looked
at me and said "I'm sorry Bob, I handled that badly."I didn't say
anything.

	We walked in silence to my office.  As soon as we were in Ann
repeated her apology.   "Bob, I shouldn't have let such a lovely
evening end like that, but I was a bit upset about what I heard."

	"What are  you talking about?"

	"You know those girls I asked you about.  After they were talking
to you they passed by me and I heard the older one say that she was
going away this weekend with you."

	I was a little obtuse: "So?"

	"You're right that shouldn't have mattered."

	Ann's comment reminded me that I needed to make reservations for
the country excursion I had promised Saundra. I spent the next half
hour on the phone calling friends for recommendations and then making
reservations at a bed and breakfast inn in Litchfield County,
Connecticut.  Just as things seemed all set, Ann came in to say that a
Miss Davis was on the line.  I thanked Ann, waited for her to leave and
then picked up the phone.

	"Saundra"

	"Hi.  I was glad to bump into you last night . . ."

	"Me too.  I have the scoop on the weekend."

	"That's why I'm calling.  I have to work on that presentation I
was telling you about this weekend."

	"What's going on?"

	"My boss wants to have an all-hands brainstorming session on
Saturday and then the whole group is supposed to go to dinner and then
meet again on Sunday to finish things up."

	"Oh."

	"Yeah, it was just decided and there's no way I can beg off."

	"Well that's too bad."

	"I'll call you on Monday.  Oh Bob, I'm so disappointed."

	"Me too.  There will be other times.  Take care.

	"Bye."

	"Bye."

	I was disappointed.

	I didn't feel like working too much and I decided to take a walk.
 I had no particular destination in mind.

	"Where are you going?"  Ann asked as I walked past her on my way
out.

	"I am taking a walk.  I'll be back."  I snapped.

	I walked out of the building and headed over toward Fifth Avenue
and found myself at Bergdorf's.  I thumbed my way through some sale
ties and wound up buying a shirt.  I saw that it was a few minutes
before twelve and I headed back to my office.  Ann said that there was
only one message.  The inn in Litchfield had called to find out if I
wanted a reservation for Sunday brunch which, Ann said, they said,
sells out.

	I told Ann to call them back and cancel the reservation.  She
looked puzzled.  I explained that Saundra--"that's the girl you saw me
with"--had called earlier to advise that she had to work this weekend.
"Oh I'm sorry" Ann said.  Then she brightened. "I'll take care of
it--I'll take care of everything."

	I returned to my office, leaving the door opened and watched Ann
at her desk.  Ann knew that I was watching her.  Today Ann had come to
work wearing a tight navy skirt hemmed above her knee.  She was wearing
a cream colored blouse buttoned to the neck.  As Ann was on the phone,
I saw that she was absently tweaking the nipple on her right breast
with her left hand.  As her nipple stiffened, I experienced a
sympathetic reaction.

	After making a series of calls, Ann came in to my office about a
half hour later and sat in the couch along the far wall.  Her skirt and
decorum were no match for the deep couch.  She first sat with her legs
crossed and her skirt rode well up her thighs.  As we talked, she
uncrossed her legs and her bare sex was plainly visible.

	We disposed of some business.  Ann told me that she was set to
interview a cook for me and that she thought that a
housekeeper/laundress would be what I needed to round out my domestic
staff.

	"Bob," Ann continued.  "I know that you are disappointed about
your change of plans for tomorrow.  Why don't you come over to my place
in the afternoon.  We can have lunch and play it by ear after that."

	It was  happening again.  There Ann was, seated on the couch
across from me in the most extreme position. Her full breasts were
clearly outlined against the thin fabric of her blouse and her legs
were set apart giving the most tantalizing view.  I was of two minds.
On the one hand I remained unclear where this was all leading and was
frustrated that the rules or even the conventions of our relationship
remained, at best, opaque.  On the other hand, Ann was sufficiently
engrossing that I did not view myself as having any real choice.

	"I don't know Ann," I heard myself say.  "Maybe I'll just come in
to the office or find something else to do."

	"Well do as you want, but I do think I have to make it up to you
and if you like paella at least I know you'll enjoy lunch."

	"All right, what time should I be there?"

	"Figure 1:30."

	The rest of Friday was rather straightforward.  I left the office
around 6:00, went home, read some mail and magazines that had been
piling up, ordered a pizza and sat down in front of the TV to watch the
Mets games and drink a few Heinekins.
Saturday

	Saturday was a boldly glorious day, weather-wise.  The sky was a
flawless blue, the temperature started out in the high 60's but by
midday it was about 10 degrees higher.  There was a gentle breeze and
no detectible humidity.  I sensed all this as I walked over to Ann's.
I figured that of all days, this was not one to spend indoors, and I
thought I'd find some outdoor activity for Ann and I to pursue.

	Ann greeted me at her door with a light kiss on the cheek.  She
was wearing khaki shorts and a bright yellow pullover blouse.  My first
surprise (there were to be several that day) came as I noticed that Ann
had place settings for three laid out on her table.  Ann noticed my
gaze and said absently, "I didn't tell you that she'd be here too?"

	"Come on Ann, you know you didn't"  I said a little put off by
this latest turn.

	Just then, as of on cue, Ann's intercom buzzed and Ann, speaking
into the handset, said "send her up, please."

	"Can I get you something to drink?"  she asked me, evidently
determined not to fill me in on who "she" was.

	"Club soda" I answered deciding to play along for the moment.

	Ann was in her kitchen when the doorbell rang.  "Bob, would you
get that, please"  Ann asked.

	What the hell I thought and opened the door.  "Hi Bob"
was Ellen's greeting.  She seemed not the least surprised that I was
there.  Ellen was carrying a small soft case in addition to her
handbag.  She came in to the apartment and looked around admiring the
views and the furnishings.  Ann called out a greeting and asked me to
give her a hand in the kitchen.

	Ann hastily explained.  "When I saw what a glorious day it was I
knew Ellen would want to come here and use my terrace if she was
otherwise free so I called and invited her--we sort of had made up to
meet for lunch the other night--and I told her you'd be here too."

	"What about Richard?"  I asked.

	"His name never came up."

	By then Ellen had joined us in the kitchen.  She told Ann how
much she admired her apartment.  Ann invited us to sit down and said
lunch would be served shortly.

	Ann was 100% correct when she said if I enjoyed paella lunch
would be a success.  I do and it was.  She had also prepared and
chilled fresh sangria and we all shared a pitcher.

	I gathered from the course of our lunch-time discussions that
Ellen had been invited over by Ann for lunch and to get some sun on
Ann's terrace.  After the dishes were cleared, Ellen excused herself to
change into a bathing suit.  After Ellen went in to Ann's bedroom with
the bag she had brought with her, I told Ann that if I knew that was to
be the afternoon's activities I would have brought along a pair of
shorts too.

	"Don't be silly.  We have privacy, you can sit in your underwear
or less for that matter."

	We went out on Ann's terrace.  The sun was strong and there were
three chaises lounges arranged side bby side.  Ellen came out in a two
piece bikini and lay down on the right side.  I took off my shirt, left
my slacks on and sat on the left.  Ann excused herself for a moment
and returned having changed.  She brought with her a portable spritzer
and some sun tanning oil.  Ann's suit was something else.  Two straps
were fastened behind her neck and broadened out only slightly as they
carried forward over her breasts and then met at her lower belly where
they formed a minimal patch that covered her sex.  I admired the
architect who designed that bit of coverage.  Ann flipped a switch that
piped some music out to the terrace and lay on her back in the middle
between Ellen and me.

	It didn't take long for me to realize that my slacks had to go.
Reading my mind, Ann said that I should take a bath towel if I wanted
and improvise something.  Following that suggestion, I went to the
bathroom removed my slacks and the boxer shorts I was wearing and
wrapped a towel around my waist and rejoined Ann and Ellen.


	Ann had unfastened the straps from around her neck and was
reclining topless with her large breasts splayed from side to side.
For her part, Ellen had flipped over to her stomach and unclasped the
back of her bikini top.  Ellen, I am sure nurtured her deep tan with
many hours in the sun.  Ann on the other hand was much fairer.  After
about twenty minutes or so, the combined effect of the Sangria and
lunch started to have their effect and I thought I'd take a nap.  Ellen
evidently had long since entered the realm of the sandman and seemed to
be breathing deeply and regularly.  I looked over at Ann to tell her my
intentions and was distracted by the sight of her massaging her suntan
oil across her very ample breasts.  Without saying anything I adjusted
the towel and closed my eyes.

	I had fallen asleep and thought for an instant I was having the
most delicious dream when I realized what was going on.  I opened my
eyes with a start and saw Ann purse her lips in a "Shh!"  She had
slipped her hand under my towel and was cradling me with that hand.
She had turned over on to her stomach and raised herself slightly so
that she was supporting her weight on her left arm and her right was
cupping my balls.  In this interim Ellen had also turned over and
appeared to be sleeping.  Her top was arranged loosely and unfastened
on her chest and had slipped down a bit revealing the upper part  of
one of her breasts, exposing most of her left nipple.  Ann then turned
about three-quarters in my direction and began to slide her hand up and
down my cock.  Her hand seemed to lubricated with what I assumed to be
some of the tanning oil.  The accumulated stimulation of my week with
Ann certainly made me a willing participant.  Ann varied the rhythm of
her touch and I was well on my way to a vigorous reaction.  I glanced
over Ann's shoulder to see that Ellen was now awake and looking at m
e with an indulgent grin.  I saw that Ellen was not unaffected by what
was going on, and I saw her hand dip inside the waistband of her bikini
bottoms--her bikini top was nowhere to be seen.  Ann's movements were
more vigorous and the towel gave up the ghost and no longer made a
pretense of concealing her ministrations.  Finally I shuddered and
experienced a powerful orgasm.  As my buttocks clenched I did my old
faithful imitation and a small geyser of white come shot up in the air
and fell back (mostly) on my stomach.

	I noticed a pearly drop sitting proudly on Ann's right nipple.
She followed my gaze and picked that drop up with her forefinger which
she then put to her lips.  I motioned to her to look over in Ellen's
direction.  Ellen was in a world of her own with her hand busily
clawing away at her bottom as she tossed her head to and fro.  Ann
dipped a finger in some of my come and turned and fed a sleek fingertip
to Ellen.  Ellen's reaction encouraged Ann to keep her finger in
Ellen's mouth while Ellen continued to bury her fingers under  her
bikini bottoms.

	At this point Ann grasped the waistband of Ellen's bottom and
eased it over her hips.  Ellen's bottom had a glistening mat of the
same type of hair that was on her head.  Ellen returned the favor to
Ann and soon enough both girls were nude.  Ann pushed Ellen's hand away
from its  nest and substituted her own as the source of Ellen's
stimulation.  Ellen reached over to Ann, and soon the two of them were
twisting their fingers in each other, with Ellen also tonguing Ann's
nipples, one after the other.  In short order, both girls acheived
orgasm.

	Ann was quick to bring me a washcloth to tidy up.  Ellen flushed
when Ann handed her one as well.  We all lay there in the sun enjoying
its warmth for an additional hour or so.  I made no move to cover up
and Ann and Ellen also soaked in the sun totally nude.  I felt
extraordinarily relaxed and enjoyed the sensation of the sun all over
me.  I also knew that a boundary had been crossed.

	As the sun's shadows lengthened, Ellen broke the silence and
announced that she had to be getting home.  She sat up and fastened her
top in place and tugged on her bottoms.  I felt her eyes examine me.
"This is between the three of us" she stated and asked.  I nodded in
agreement and Ann said to Ellen that as far as Richard is concerned,
she simply spent the afternoon with Ann, that Bob had nothing to do it.
 Ellen said goodbye and left.

		Ann and I continued to lie next to each other in the
setting sun, both of us naked and not talking.  At one point, I turned
on my side and faced Ann.  I reached out to her and started, lightly,
to explore her body with my hands.  I wanted to start to learn more
about her, to sense the heft of her breasts, to feel the muscles under
her belly, to explore the soft hairlessness of her sex.  Ann did not
turn me away, but I didn't sense much responsiveness from her either.
Shortly thereafter Ann announced that she was going in to shower.  I
asked her if she wanted to join me that evening for a movie.  The mood
of the moment had clearly passed.

	That evening we went to the movies and afterwards we went out for
hamburgers.  Although we both knew that something significant had
passed between us that day, that our relationship had entered a new
dimension, we really did not talk about what had happened.  For my
part, the mystery of Ann had deepened.



----------------------------------------------------------------------------
A Routine Established - October 1977

	In the space of four months time Ann had totally transformed the
routines of my life. For one thing Ann had completed the hiring and
staffing of our office.  She had also set me up with a personal staff
at home.  We had located new office space which was being renovated to
our specifications and Ann had several real estate brokers calling with
leads on a new apartment.  Ann also seemed determined to indulge my
voyeuristic bent and to create a stimulating environment which also
supported my business ventures.  Our personal relationship, however,
had not developed.  We had no experiences to repeat what occurred that
day in June on Ann's terrace.

	In my office I presided over a staff of four.  Ann of course was
the second in command.  Allie was our receptionist and directed
incoming phone calls.  She also handled clerical jobs as assigned by
Ann.

	Jodi was our bookkeeper/controller. Jodi was responsible for
managing the flow of funds, handling the banking relationships as well
as making sure that stock trades were verified and cleared.  Jodi was
about twenty-six with more than shoulder length golden brown hair and
blue-green eyes.  She had a great pair of long legs.  She was in
excellent shape and had medium size breasts.

	Maria was our financial analyst.  She was of Spanish extraction
with long black hair.  She was fair.  Of all my employees she was the
only one who might be said to be a few pounds over her ideal weight.
She had large breasts--easily a D-cup--although not quite as busty as
Ann.  She was about 5'4".

	All of my staff were easily being paid between double and triple
the going rate as they had all been introduced to the special
requirements of their employment.  As the need to deal with third
parties increased, we had established what we called our
Tuesday/Thursday routine.

	What was involved?  We did our best to schedule our meetings with
third parties and other outside guests for Mondays, Wednesdays or
Fridays.  During those days we were probably indistinguishable from
most other operations of comparable size.  Tuesdays and Thursdays were
special dress days.  This meant that all of my employees were, at a
minimum, topless.  Allie kept a sweater hung over the back of her chair
in the reception area so that if someone buzzed the door, she could
quickly cover up and deal with the visitor.  The rest of us were in the
back area and were not accessible to guests in the reception area.

	We had been following this routine for a number of weeks when,
one Tuesday morning, Ann came in to my office.

	"Bob, we need to talk."

	"What's up?"

	Ann was absolutely naked.  She and Jodi tended to wear nothing on
Tuesday's and Thursday's while Maria usually kept some sort of lower
garment on.  Allie always did as she had to be available to answer the
door.

	"I want to deal with a problem.  I don't know if you realize it,
but having everybody walk around without their clothes on Tuesdays and
Thursdays has created an atmosphere where there is a lot of sexual
tension."

	"I am not unaffected by that, either"  I said.

	"Well I think we have to deal with it" said Ann.

	"What do you have in mind?"  I asked.

	"Bob, I want you to trust me on this.  We need to let everyone
else come to their own conclusions about what to do."

	"And" she added "today is probably a good day for you to join the
crowd insofar as going without clothes is concerned."

	On several occasions I had decided to be reassuring to our staff
by not wearing clothes on a given Tuesday or Thursday, but that was the
exception, not the rule.  Today I had not thought to take my stuff off,
but sensing that Ann had something in mind, I decided to play along."
I hung my things up in the closet.  Ann gave me a smile and said she
wanted to call a staff meeting at 2:00 in my office.  I agreed.

	I worked at my desk all day and around 1:00 Ann brought in
sandwiches that had been ordered in and intercepted by Allie.

	At 2:00 my troupe started to filter in to my office.  Maria was
the first to arrive.  Today, as was the facon du jour, she was wearing
red shorts and sandals.  She also was wearing red lipstick.  Her ample
breasts bounced gently as she settled in to one of the chairs in front
of my desk.  I came out from behind my desk and settled into one of my
armchairs.  This would give everyone the opportunity to be seated more
or less in a circle which I thought would facilitate conversation.

	Jodi and Allie walked in together.  Allie was wearing a crocheted
skirt that was not tightly knit and through its weave one could see
that her panties were of the same beige color as her skirt.  Jodi wore
a gold chain around her middle which rested just above her hips.  Other
than her sandals, that was it.

	Ann came in a few minutes later and took a seat on the floor just
to my right.  She sat cross-legged and started to speak pretty quickly.

	"I thought it would be a good idea for us to have a staff meeting
today, and I asked Bob if that were O.K. because I wanted to make sure
that we got an issue out in the open."

	Everyone was paying attention.

	Ann continued:  "Let's be frank about this.  We are probably the
only office in New York, maybe the whole country, where we go about our
business undressed."

	"I think I told each of you when you came to work here that part
of what we have to do is be here to make Bob happy.  Happy with our
work and happy that we are working for him, and part of that is to make
it interesting for him to look at us."

	"What I was unsure about is how each of us would react to our
unique dress code.  But it has become obvious to me that we are getting
less accomplished on Tuesdays and Thursdays than I thought, considering
that it is unusual for our work to be interrupted by outside visitors."

	"I think I know what the issue is. Each of us is finding our and
each other's nakedness distracting.  Like you Maria."

	As one everyone looked at Maria while Ann continued: "It has been
obvious to me that you can't keep your hands away from  your nipples.
I see you constantly flicking them and teasing them."  Maria blushed
furiously.

	"And you too, Jodi. Don't think we don't know what is happening
when you disappear to the ladies room for half hours at a time."

	"As for you Allie, my little squirming devil, your set of ben wa
balls certainly animates you on these days."

	There was a look of embarrassment mixed with astonishment at
Ann's articulation of what we had all noticed but not commented on.

	I looked at Ann.  She had paused for effect and was now starting
to continue.  I noticed at that moment that the middle finger of her
right hand had started to tease apart the smooth lips of her sex.

	"And don't think I am exempted from our sexy atmosphere" Ann
stated.  "I find myself often sitting at my desk almost ready to pass
out from what is happening here."  As she spoke she became more
conspicuous in her caressing herself--one hand now dipping inside and
the other kneading her left breast.

	"I think we ought to recognize that we are getting turned on and
we ought to set aside a time and place on each Tuesday and Thursday
where we deal with this sexual tension, resolve it and then get on with
our work."

	I looked over at Maria who, as Ann had suggested, had both hands
cupping each of her breasts and was squeezing and massaging them to her
own tempo.

	Jodi was just looking at each of her fellow workers in turn and
Allie was looking straight at me.

	I of course was not unaffected.  Ann's little speech coupled with
her acts had left me with a strong erection.  It felt to me as if all
my energies were concentrated in this engorged member that  was
fighting to pull away from my groin.

	Ann pointed out my predicament: "It even has this effect on Bob
and I don't think it healthy if we don't deal with these things."

	With that pronouncement Ann rose to her knees and then, swiftly
scooted between my legs taking my cock in her hand as I remained seated
in my armchair.  Holding my penis pointed upwards towards my stomach,
she started cat-like to lick my scrotum.  Very gently, she sucked each
of my testicles into her warm mouth.  Ann protracted this bit of play
and while she was doing this I could feel each of her breasts resting
on my thighs and knees.

	Ann's actions seemed to license the rest of the group to act.
Maria was now lying on the floor, on her stomach, with one hand
manipulating her breasts and the other reaching behind her back to get
access to her clitoris from rear.  Jodi and Allie were seated next to
each other nuzzling each other, each with their hands in the others
lap.

	Ann had now moved to take my cock in her mouth.  With one hand
maintaining its stimulation of my balls. She moved her head up and down
engulfing me in and then releasing me from the wet warmth of her mouth.
 Occasionally, I would feel her tongue swoop around me as well.  Her
rhythm was slow, languorous, and deliberate.  I looked down at her and
our gazes locked as I smiled.  I could not stand this exquisite
attention too long and I felt the gathering energy that was about to be
discharged.  Ann shifted her position slightly and deepened the extent
to which she was able to draw me into her mouth.  That was enough to
open the logjam and I felt myself pour into Ann's mouth.  Ann would not
let me withdraw and I sensed myself softening and shrinking as the
tension was resolved.  I started to draw Ann to me, to reach and caress
her sex, but she was not immediately cooperative.


	Each of Maria, Jodi and Allie also seemed to have achieved their
goals and no one was ready to speak.  Ann broke the silence.  "We ought
to set aside from 1 to 2 on Tuesdays and Thursdays for this type of get
together, and the rest of the day let's stick to business."

	Maria said "good idea" and Allie and Jodi each nodded their
agreement too.  "Back to work" Ann said, signalling everyone to return
to their duties.  Ann got up to leave to but I knew I had to speak to
her.  Not wanting to provoke Maria, Allie and Jodi to thinking we were
talking about them, I decided to let Ann leave.

	At the end of the day, I asked Ann to stay behind to talk to me
for a few minutes.  She thought I wanted to talk about her mid-day
initiative.

	"Well don't you think I had a good idea?" she asked.

	"Ann, as always you know how to go to the heart of my fantasies,
but there is one thing."

	"What's that?"

	I decided to show Ann rather than tell her, to test the point.  I
walked over to where she was standing and placed my hand under her chin
to tilt it up so that I could kiss her.  We had never exchanged this
form of intimacy and Ann was not about to make it easy.  She turned her
head slightly so that I kissed her cheek.

	I knew then that I had to say what was on my mind, actually what
I had only come to realize that day.  "Ann it's not enough for you to
find ways to entertain me, to please me.  As great as that is there
needs to be more."  The words were now pouring out from me, uncensored
by forethought.  "I care about you, I think about you, you are in all
senses my partner here and you are devoted to me but I want this to be
good for you too.  I want to know what you want, what you think, what
makes you feel good.  You are not merely an object for me, I want to
hug you, touch you, feel you and know you."

	 I was taken aback by the force of what I was saying.  I reached
for Ann again.  This time I felt her melt against me.  I sought her
lips and as we kissed, as my tongue met with hers, I tasted the salt of
her tears.

	That night we had dinner together.  Our intense lovemaking  that
evening  bound us together in a way that our prior contacts had not.
Our discussion was frank and, for the first time, intimate.

	"I hadn't planned to tell you how I felt Ann, it just poured out
and I am glad it did.  You have to know that you have become the single
most important person in my life and you had to know how I feel.  And
what you real
ly had to know more than anything else, is that I care about you."

	"That means a lot to me, Bob--more than you probably realize.  I
don't know how things between us will change.  It's too much for me to
think  about now, but there are some things I do know."

	"What's that?"

	"When I went to work for you, it was my mission to excite you, to
try and figure out what your fantasies are and to try and make them
come true.  I had to try and figure them out by seeing how you reacted
to the different things I tried.  In a sense that was my job.  Whatever
is happening between us, I don't want that to change.  It pleases me
now for different or maybe additional reasons to continue to try and
direct the tableaux which will capture your imagination and  surprise
you too.  That won't change.  But knowing that you feel something about
me, me and not just my body, is going to make a difference."

	"But, Bob," Ann continued "maybe some day we can talk about it
and maybe some day I'll understand it better but you have to know that
turning you on, and even turning on other people, is one of the things
that I get off on too."

	There was no mistaking the fact that evening that our
relationship was changing.  Later that night Ann returned with me to my
apartment.  In my bedroom, Ann seemed eager to replay the afternoon's
event.  I had something else in mind,  I wanted to be giving too, so
while not depriving Ann of the opportunity to bathe my genitals again
with her delightful mouth, I positioned myself to return the favor.
Ann had a very clean and wholesome taste and I found a double reward as
I buried my face between her legs.  First,  making Ann respond to me
made me feel good, made me feel more equal in the relationship.  The
second benefit was that concentrating on tasting and teasing Ann
displaced the focus which would have otherwise been on her activities
on me and prolonged each of our pleasure.  When we were done, Ann
snuggled next to me.  She did have one more caution to express:  "Bo
b," she said "This aspect of our relationship must be kept to
ourselves."  She explained,"You cannot let any of the other girls in
the office think that you view me any differently than you view them.
If it is going to work, you have to deal with me in their presence, in
sexual terms, as impersonally as you deal with them."  I understood the
wisdom in her statement.

	Over the next weeks Ann took charge of planning our Tuesday and
Thursday sessions.  After the first few sessions Ann devised a little
game.  As each of my staff came into our playroom (we had put in a fold
out couch and some other comfortable chairs in a spare office) they
would draw from a little bag either one of two blue or red marbles.
The two who drew the red marbles were charged with serving my needs
that day; the two who drew the blue marbles were designated to relate
to each other if they  wished or engage in individual recreation.  Ann,
Maria and Allie were generally eager to make love to each other, Jodi
did not seem enthusiastic about sex with other women.  In fact the only
times she would participate in that type of activity was an adjunct to
being in a threesome with me.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Home Life and Retail Plans - February 1978

	Shortly after the first of the year I moved to a  penthouse duplex  condominium in a new highrise that had opened on 71st Street just off Park Avenue.  Ann had moved in to that apartment as well, taking one of the five b
edrooms.  Ann had become sort of a sexual confessor for me.  she constantly asked me how I liked the various scenarios she had established for me.  She was well tapped in to my voyeuristic penchant as I was to her exhibit
ionism.  I had acknowledged to her that "fresh" opportunities were always welcome, if not needed and she promised to keep me always presented with new opportunities.

	Ann had assumed day-to-day responsibility for managing my household as well as my business for me too.  We had two live in help who shared the responsibility for cleaning, running household errands and cooking.  Clara an
d Sara were twin sisters who were from Brazil.  They had taken formal lessons in cooking and were probably well overqualified for their position.  As usual it was Ann's generosity with my salary and Ann's ability to sense
 kindred souls that had them working with me.

	  Ann had trained them to act as butlers for me.  Each morning either Clara or Sara would wake me, bringing into my room the morning papers, a  glass of freshly squeezed juice, a roll or muffin and a mug of black coffee.
  Being woken up each morning by a beautiful, naked person helped to set a nice tone for the day.  Whoever had wake-up duty would attend me in the shower or bath, help me get dressed and,  from time to time, relieve a par
ticular tension which may have arisen.  About once every two weeks, Ann would share my bed.  On the occasions when Ann spent the night with me, she would have the benefits of Clara or Sara's morning assistance; otherwise
Ann's meals were prepared by Clara or Sara but the twins had not other duties for her.

	Ann discovered one problem I was having one morning when Clara showed up with coffee for me and a pot of tea for Ann.  Actually, I assumed it was Clara as I could not distinguish between the two  sisters.  Clara and Sara
 were each about 5'6" tall and 23 years old.  They had  dark complexions, nicely rounded rears and full breasts which they carried high on their chests.  I mentioned  my difficulty distinguishing between Clara and Sara to
 Ann.

	Ann had a solution for this problem.  She asked Clara to join her in the shower.  Ann and Clara lingered in the steamy shower for about ten minutes.  Ann showed Clara how Ann would carefully soap  her pubic area and then
, with a safety razor  and a special handheld mirror, she would neatly shave herself so that below her head, Ann was completely hairfree. Ann used a scissors to trim the excess of Clara's pubic hair and then supervised Cl
ara's use of the razor.  Ann told Clara that it was important to keep up with her shaving, as stubble was unpleasant for her and her companion.  As things turned out, Clara was assiduous in her grooming and I now had a di
stinctive way to tell Clara from Sara.

	I was at my desk one Friday morning in late February when Ann came in with one of the look that I had learned meant that she had something important she wanted to discuss.

	"Bob," Ann began.  "I have some ideas about that arcade project you are working on."  Ann was referring to a development project I was working on for a series of stores  that would be located on Northern Boulevard in Ros
alyn, on Long Island.  I was renovating a former bowling alley into what I hoped would be four, upscale stores.  Three of the stores were spoken for by new tenants.  One was yet to be leased.  I had undertaken this projec
t on my own, without outside investors.

	"Really, what are they?"  I asked.

	"I'd like it to be a surprise" Ann said.  "But I need the green-light from you, which means you won't see what I'm doing till its done."

	 "I would also like to be a partner on this deal.  I want you to give me a 10% interest in the project, but that is only if you like what I set up for you."

	"You want a 10% interest?  But you get it only if I like what you do--O.K."  I was in an agreeable mood.

	Between February and June when the shops opened, Ann was very
secretive about her dealings with our contractor and she made the
arrangements for the opening of the stores without consultation with
me, often meeting with
my contractor on her own and spending time at the site.  I kept myself
out of the loop for several reasons.  First, I was ever increasingly
coming to rely on Ann's business skills which were formidable, and
second, I was
anxious to discover Ann's surprise.
Retail "Show and Sell" and "Crime and Punishment" - June 1978

	Our store project--we called it Roslyn at its Best--had been open
for about a week when Ann insisted one Saturday morning that we go take
a look at what she had done.  "After all, I need to know whether I am
going to be your 10% partner."

	I drove us out to Roslyn and pulled up in front of the stores.  I
recognized three of the tenants, the fur salon, the sweater shop and
the bath supplies store were all known, but the fourth, "Vanities" was
unknown to me.  What's Vanities all about I asked?  Ann smiled and said
let's go see.

	Ann told me to pull in a space behind the stores which I did.
Ann then led me to a door in the rear of the stores.  She produced a
key and we entered.  She led me through a narrow corridor that  was
about 15' in length.  At the end of the corridor was another locked
door.  Ann leaned against me and said that I should try and be quiet.
Ann opened the door.

	The door opened into a small room.  There was a recliner/lounger
in the middle.  A small refrigerator and a telephone console with a
bunch of switches.  There were five windows arrayed around the chair,
each opening into identical small rooms with doors beyond each of them.
 Ann also pointed out three TV monitors mounted below the telephone
console and she showed me a small handheld video camera that, she said,
was loaded and ready to operate.  Ann flipped a switch and the monitors
came to life.  The three monitors captured the inside of the store.  As
I studied the monitors I realized that Vanities carried lines of
lingerie and swimwear.  I then also realized that Ann had arranged for
me to have a centercourt view of Vanities' dressing rooms.  Ann showed
me that the phone console allowed audio monitoring of each dressing
room and that there was also a direct line to the cashier's desk.  Ann
told me that I (and she to the extent of 10% if I approved) owned
Vanities.  She also told me that she had picked the staff, the
merchandise  and had specified the floorplan.

	Ann then asked me if I would like to stay in the room for a
couple of hours while she looked in on how the store was operating.  I
was anxious to see how things went so I agreed.  Ann showed my that
there were soft drinks in the mini- refrigerator and said she'd be back
in a few hours.  She told me that the only way out was as we came in;
there was no entrance from my room into the store.  I settled into the
armchair and monitored what was going on in the store.

	Ann excused herself and a few minutes later I saw her enter the
store.  The staff all seemed to know her.

	I had been at my post for about a half hour, when the door to one
of the dressing rooms opened and a woman of about thirty years came in
with two bathing suits to try on.  She was not remarkable in
appearance, but quickly stripped off her clothes and tried on the first
bathing suit she had picked.  She seemed to be staring right at me, but
I realized that she was simply looking at her own reflection in the
two-way mirror that formed the gateway for my view.

	Over the next hour or so I was treated to the spectacle of about
ten unsuspecting persons trying on Vanities' fare.  Most were shopping
for swimsuits but there were a few who were interested in different
lingerie items as well.  Ann then rejoined me and asked how I liked the
setup.  I told her that it seemed like it could be habit forming.  She
suggested that if I wanted, I could spend Sunday with her at Vanities.
She said that she would be working there the next day between noon and
5:00 p.m. and that I could stay ensconced in that chamber.  I was game.

	The next day we left New York about 11:30.  Ann told me that she
wanted to get a better idea about how the customers were reacting to
the merchandise and also thought it would be a good idea to try and
train the sales crew too.  Ann dropped me off behind the store and I
unlocked the doors and entered the viewing room.  The store had not yet
opened for business and I watched through the monitors as Ann entered
the store.  I flicked on the audio and was surprised at the clarity of
the audio reception.  Ann was talking to Pauline, one of the other
salespeople working that day.

	I was also surprised and pleased for several reasons about the
volume of business that came in to the store.  I particularly enjoyed
two college age girls who occupied themselves stuffing their bodies
into a pair of bikinis and then trying to make sure that it was
adjusted properly before leaving the room to show their intended
purchases to their companions.  There were two episodes that day,
however, which were even more memorable.

	Around 2:30, a man of about 50 came in to the store and started
to poke around through the lingerie section.  Pauline was with another
customer so Ann strolled over and asked if she could help.  The
customer said that he was looking for something special for his wife.
With Ann's help, he picked out two ensembles, one a red merry widow
with matching panties and stockings and the other a black sheer robe to
be worn over a black bra, panties, garterbelt and stockings.  Ann tried
to encourage him to look at some other items and he did pick out a
gauzy, filmy beige nightgown.  I was monitoring Ann's sales pitch.

	"What size is your wife?"

	"I don't know really, she's about average height."

	"What size dress does she wear?"

	"I'm not sure.  What are the prices anyway?"

	"Well this ensemble is $240, this one is $410 and the nightgown
is $520."
	"Oh that's more than I had in mind."

	Ann wanted to make the sale:  "Well I think your wife would think
she is the luckiest person in the world if you came home with these
items."

	The customer was looking for a way out: "Well I'll go home and
see if I can figure out what size she is and I'll come back."

	Ann wouldn't be deterred: "Is your wife my size?  I'd be happy to
try these on for you so you can get a sense of what they look like."

	"That might be an idea.  But she is not quite as big, you know,
on top, as you are."

	"That's O.K. we'll give you a smaller cup size for these items,
and everything can be exchanged anyway."  "What did you say your name
is?"

	"Sam."

	"Follow me, Sam."

	Ann directed Sam to a seat just outside the changing area.  Ann
brought the first item (the red merry widow) in to the dressing room.
She gave me a big smile through the mirror and I  watched closely as
she tried to stuff herself into an outfit she had to know could not
begin to contain her voluptuous breasts.
Doing the best she could, she stepped out and confronted Sam who could
not contain his amazement.

	"Well what do you think?"

	"Wow!" was all Sam could muster.

	"Sam, if you're still interested in buying these, I'd be happy to
try on the others for you too!"  Ann was setting the hook.
	"Sure, I am interested.  I'll certainly take that outfit."  was
Sam's predictable reply.

	Ann returned to the dressing room grinning at me through the
mirror.  I watched with interest as she changed into black stockings, a
black garter, still too small bra, black panties and sheer black robe.
Ann exited the dressing room and Sam's eyes studied Ann avidly.  Once
more Ann extracted a purchase commitment from Sam.  Ann then took the
beige nightgown and held it up for Sam's inspection.

	"This item"  Ann said, "I know is very pricey, but it is very
special."  Ann draped the nightgown over her arm, and Sam seemed to
recognize that when worn, it would be nearly transparent.

	"Should we wrap these up?" Ann asked gesturing at the first two
outfits she had modelled?

	Sam couldn't resist.  "I'm probably interested in that nightgown
too."

	Ann had acheived her objective.  "I'll try that on for you if you
like."

	"Please" Sam whispered.

	Ann returned to her dressing room and took off the black outfit
and then drew the nightgown over her head.  As expected, it left
nothing to the imagination.  Ann opened the door to the dressing room
and called Sam over. "I can't go out there like this" she said.

	Sam took it all in.  Through the nightgown,  he could see
everything that Ann had to offer.  The nightgown was small across the
chest and molded itself to her breasts.  Her nipples were very clearly
outlined against the material of the nightgown.   Ann turned and gave
Sam the view from  the back with the sides of each breast visible from
that perspective too.

	"O.K. Sam, I'm going to change out of these things and then we'll
take care of business" Ann said as she removed the nightgown and
started to get dressed in her street clothes.  Ann made no motion to
close the door to hem made no move to excuse himself either.  When
finished dressing, Ann gathered up the items she had tried on for Sam,
took his blue American Express card, and rang up the sale of the day.
After she had finished with the paperwork, she wrapped the items and,
handing them to Sam, she expressed the hope that she would be seeing
him again soon.  Sam mumbled something and left.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
	Ann picked up the phone near the cash register and moments later there was a flashing light on the phone console near my chair.

	"That was hot" I said.

	"I was really getting turned on by that too"  Ann commented.  "In fact"  she continued "I am touching myself right now."

	I could see that Ann's right arm was busy below the level of the countertop.  That motion inspired me to continue with  a moderate self-stimulation.  As we were replaying what was going on I noticed a young woman, in her
 late twenties, enter one of the dressing rooms.  She was carrying quite a few bikini sets.  I continued to talk to Ann while stroking myself and watching this new show being carried out before me.  The person in question
 was about 5'6", I guessed that she was a full C or possibly D cup, and maybe 5 to 10 pounds over her ideal weight.  She tried on the different bikinis she had brought into the dressing room and seemed to notice that she
would have to trim a luxuriant bush before she wore those items in public. I decided to capture this young lady on video.  I was watching through the viewfinder as she finished trying on these items and to my surprise, I
was recording as she took two bikini sets and hid them in the front of her underpants under the skirt that she had been wearing.  My camera caught the whole episode.  I then saw the busty brunette return the other items s
he was less interested in to the shelf and she slowly headed for the door.

	"Ann" I said into the still open phone line "that girl is shoplifting, she's got a bunch of things stuffed into her pants and I've got pictures of it too."

	Ann did not hesitate a second.  Just as the shoplifter headed for the door Ann intercepted her and politely, but firmly, asked her to step over to the counter

	At first the shoplifter was cooperative, but as soon as Ann said, I know you are trying to steal, the person's tone changed to one of belligerence.

	"You're nuts if you think I've stolen anything.  Look in my bag."

	"It's not in your bag."  Ann replied.

	"Well I'm leaving" the girl said as she headed for the door.

	Ann stepped in front of her and blocked her way.  "If you want me to call the police I will."

	"Go ahead" the girl said, trying to outbluff Ann.  Ann called the police and together with Pauline, indicated that they were prepared to block the shoplifter from leaving.

	Ann picked up the phone line to me and asked me to describe exactly what happened.  I told her what I had seen and reminded her that it was all on tape.  Ann asked me what items she had hidden away and I described the da
rk green bikini with orange edging and the yellow one with orange flowers.

	Ann hung up and a few minutes later, as she saw the police approach she told the shoplifter.  "Just so you know, I know you have a green bikini and a yellow one stuffed in your underwear, and we have it on tape!"

	All color drained from the shoplifter's face.  She was in a panic.  "You've got to give me a break.  I'll pay for them.  It will ruin my life."  The police were at the door.  "I'll never get admitted to the bar.  I am a
lawyer.  I just passed the bar exam, but I'll never get licensed. Please."  By now tears were streaming down her face.

	"What's the problem?"  the police officer asked.

	"We have a shoplifter here, I think."  Ann answered

	"You think?"

	"Let me talk to this girl."

	Ann took the shoplifter aside and asked. "How much trouble are you in if I report you?"  The shoplifter saw a glimmer of hope and described how she had a similar problem once before when she was in college and was arrest
ed and that there was no way that she could get licensed to practice law if this came up again.  She said she was very sorry for stealing the items and wasn't there something she could do to resolve the matter.

	Ann simply told her to wait there.  Ann then went to the policeman and told him that she would try and resolve the matter amicably.  She thanked him for coming over and the policeman left.  For my part I was intrigued by
 what was going on and I wondered what Ann had in mind.

	Ann was emphatic with her instructions:  "Open your purse."  Ann went through the shoplifters purse and copied down her name and address.  Sharon Stein of Roslyn, New York.

	"Well, Sharon, here's the deal.  You are to come in to our executive offices in New York next Monday at 10:00 a.m. sharp!  If you are not there, we will report this and we do have the video, remember."

	"How long will I be there?"

	"Assume you'll be there the rest of the week.  It will be your job for the week."

	"But I've got other commitments" Sharon protested.

	"Well cancel them and be there." Ann virtually commanded.  "Now
give me those things you were going to steal, thief, and get out of
here and don't dare not be on time on Monday."  Sharon complied and
left.

	I asked Ann what she had in mind for Sharon, later that day as we
watched the video I had shot of Sharon in the act.  Ann asked me if I
had any suggestions, but I preferred to leave things up to Ann.

Wednesday

	I arrived at my office shortly after nine on Wednesday--Ann's
third day on the job.  Ann was at her desk opening the morning mail.  I
looked to see how she was attired.  She was wearing a navy print dress
which, unlike previous day's attire, was not particularly clingy or
formfitting.  She greeted me pleasantly.  I asked her into my office as
I wanted to describe the apartment/staffing project I wanted her to
undertake.

	Ann was delighted with the assignment.  She said that she was
glad I was trusting her to give her another part of my life to run.
She promised that she would make this another priority effort.  I told
Ann that I had a meeting that morning concerning a commercial real
estate venture I was contemplating, that I would be out of the office
from about 10:00 a.m. and that I would be back at 2:00 that afternoon.
Ann told me that she had other receptionists scheduled to come in and
that if anyone were promising she would have them back to see me.

	I spent that morning with a potential investing partner looking
over a series of storefront properties in Yonkers which were for sale.
We talked to the storekeepers who were in the buildings to gauge their
sense of the neighborhood, its prospects and the physical conditions of
their stores.  On our way back to the city, we stopped at an Italian
restaurant on Arthur Avenue in the Bronx for an enjoyable lunch.  Our
conversation ranged over such subjects as politics, the financial
straits in which New York found itself and the investing climate
generally.  Over lunch Richard told me that he too had practiced law
but that he had started investing in deals with some of his clients and
that he found that acting as a principal was much more satisfying than
as an advisor.   I had known Richard only casually before this day (we
had both been partners along with five others in own
ing and leasing some property in Brooklyn) and we seemed to be hitting
it off well.

	As we got up from lunch Richard asked if I would want to bring my
wife and join him and his wife as their guests the next evening at the
Opera.  I told Richard I wasn't married but that I'd be delighted to
join him that I would bring a date and that I would insist that dinner
afterwards be on me.  Richard said that he was sure that would be fine
and that he looked forward to introducing me to his wife Ellen.

	It was about 3:30 in the afternoon when I got back to the office.
 Ann was at her desk and I noticed that a young woman was seated in the
reception area.  Ann introduced me to Allie and told me that Allie had
met with Ann in the morning and that Ann thought I might want to meet
with her and consider her for the receptionist position.  Ann indicated
that she wanted to speak to me in my office first.

	"How long has she been waiting for me?" I asked Ann as we entered
my office.

	"She's been here since 2:00 because that's when I thought you
were due back."

	"Oh that's terrible" I said. "I feel badly that she's just had to
sit around here and wait."

	Ann would have nothing of it. "Bob, forget about it.  We are here
to accommodate you.  You don't have to hurry on our account and if you
keep us waiting, that's up to you."

	"Anyhow" Ann added "We've had a chance to talk more and I really
think we have a winner here.  I am anxious for you to meet her.  But
there is one thing."

	"What's that?"

	"I told her the position paid $45,000 a year plus we will lend
her $10,000 so she can rent and furnish an apartment here and buy other
necessities."

	"That's way more than double the going rate in salary alone."

	"Just meet her.  If you don't want to hire her, then all that's
happened is that you've taken twenty minutes out of the day.  Should I
bring her in?"

	"O.K."

	Ann left to get Allie and moments later returned.  I introduced
myself to Allie, shook her hand and gestured that she should sit in one
of the chairs across from my desk.  Ann set down on the couch in the
corner of my of
fice.  I asked Allie if Ann had explained the nature of my business,
the fact we were planning on moving and hiring more staff.  Allie said
that Ann had told her about the job and its requirements.  Ann
interrupted and suggested that Allie tell me about herself.
	As Allie started to comply, I looked at her more closely.  Allie,
it was plain to see, was beautiful.  She had jet black and thick hair
which she parted in the middle and which fell behind her shoulders.  A
few wisps played across her face.  Allie seemed about 21 or 22 and was
about 5'3" tall.  She was trim, but not too thin.  Allie's voice had
the vague hint of an accent which I could not place.  Allie was telling
me that she had moved to New York from Houston where her family was now
living; that she had hoped to enroll in Eastern's flight attendant
school but that there was then a hiring freeze and that she had almost
accepted an offer to be a sales trainee at Saks when one of the other
people Ann had interviewed the day before told Allie about the
opportunity here.  Allie's friend was not interested in the job you see
because she was married (that did not make immediate sense to me) but
Allie continued to explain that she very much was interested in the
job.

	When Allie finished speaking, she looked over at Ann as if to
silently make inquiry.  I was puzzled.

	Ann spoke and all she said was "Go ahead Allie."

	With that statement and clearly following some prior instructions
to which I was not privy, Allie stood and then stepped to the side of
the chair on which she had been sitting.  I noticed that she first
unfastened the buttons at the ends of the sleeves on her blouse and
then after pulling the hem of her blouse out from the waist of her
skirt, starting from the bottom she carefully and slowly unbuttoned her
blouse although once open she left it on.  Reaching toward her hip,
Allie unfastened the clasp to her skirt and, after stepping out of it,
she folded it neatly over the back of the chair.  Still with her open
blouse I could see that Allie was wearing a white bra of a fabric with
a sheen to it.   Allie also had gunmetal grey stockings on supported by
a garter belt of the same color and matching bikini panties.  Allie
then removed her blouse and I was taken in by the classical perfection
of her figure.  The garter belt only served to emphasize the narrowness
of her waist.  Her thighs above her stockings were ivory colored and
looked incitingly smooth.  Allie reached behind her back and released
the clasp to her brassiere which she shrugged off and placed on the
chair with her skirt and blouse.  Allie's breasts were high and firm
and topped by lovely little brown nipples no bigger than quarters.

	I was transfixed by Allie's display and thought that I was
tumbling to Ann's modus operandi.  But I was not prepared for what
happened next.  Allie walked over to where Ann was sitting and took her
by the hands and motioned for Ann to stand.  Ann rose.  Allie then, as
slowly and as carefully as she had to herself, unbuttoned Ann's dress
unfastened the belt and the clasp at the waist, and helped Ann step out
of her dress.  Barely pausing and facing Ann, Allie reached behind Ann
and released the hooks which were closing Ann's bra and then eased it
off her shoulders.  Then, standing face to face, Allie gently pulled
Ann to her and as they each had their hands resting lightly on the
others shoulders with their breasts pressed lightly against each
other's, Allie gave Ann a gentle, tongue twirling kiss.   After holding
each other like this for what  must have been only 5 or 10
 seconds, Allie stepped away from Ann but holding hands, side to side,
turned to face me.  I then saw a new aspect of Ann.  Without her dress
and bra, Ann only was wearing her shoes, beige stockings and a white
garter belt.  Ann wore no panties and as I looked at her I saw for the
first time that Ann was shaved quite smooth.

	Allie, who by contrast still wore her panties, left Ann standing
and facing me and walked over to me where I was sitting behind my desk,
my jaw slackened, eyes wide opened and obviously affected by what I had
just seen.  Allie took my hands and as she had with Ann, drew me to my
feet.  Holding my hands now at her sides she pressed against me, as I
felt the top of her thigh insinuate itself between my legs and confront
the evidence of the powerful effect her actions had generated, she
turned her face up to mine, parted her lips slightly in plain
invitation for me to kiss her.  Our kiss was a mirror of that which she
had just shared with Ann, who stood a few feet away watching us
closely.

	Our lips parted, Allie released my hands and she took a few steps
back so that she was now equidistant from Ann and myself.  Allie then
dropped to her knees and with her gaze focussed alternatively at Ann
and myself spoke:

	"I could think of nothing I would like better than to have the
opportunity to work here and please both of you."

	Ann looked at me and I nodded.  Ann then told Allie:
"Be here at 9:00 a.m. Monday morning and we'll get you started."

	Allie smiled, shyly it seemed.  She then gathered her clothing,
dressed quickly, and saying "thank you, I'll see you Monday"  she left.

	I sat back behind my desk and Ann said she'd be right back.  She
left my office proceeded to the office door and flipped the latch so
that a visitor couldn't simply barge in.  Ann returned to my office and
sat down where Allie had been a few moments before.  Facing me, Ann
made no effort to cover herself in any way.  Her legs were parted
slightly so that her bare sex was visible, though not gynecologically
spread. "What did you think of Allie?" Ann asked with a grin.

	"How did you find her?" I said by way of non-response.

	"One of the girls who was in yesterday after hearing about what
the job entailed said that she had a friend who might be interested."

	"Just what are you telling people about 'what the job entails' ?"
I asked as I was concerned that Ann might be saying things about me
that I would not welcome in the public.

	"Don't worry, Bob."  Ann said.  "All I told the people during the
interview is that from time to time your work requires staying in the
office late to meet deadlines and sometimes trips out of town to make
deliveries  of important papers and that if they had jealous boyfriends
or husbands  who would be uncomfortable about their wives or whomever
working  late hours with you, they might prefer a different job."

	Ann continued: "Then depending on their reactions I tell them why
I am happy to work with you."

	"What do you say about that?" I asked with no little curiosity as
I posed this question to this incredibly pretty woman sitting, but for
her stockings and garter belt absolutely naked across my desk.

	Ann shifted in her seat and crossed her legs. "I say that you are
very generous and that you appreciate women."

	I wasn't troubled by anything Ann had said.  In fact I admired
her tact.  "How did that lead to Allie's -uh uh -"  I was having a
little trouble finding the words to describe just what it is that Allie
had done to get the job.  Ann knew where I was headed.

	"When I was interviewing Allie I had an instinctive reaction that
she would work out well here.  I told her what I thought the base pay
could be if you were anxious to have her work here which was more than
double what she had asked for and when she told me that she was new in
New York and having difficulty making ends meet, I added the $10,000
loan just to give her a sense of the real possibilities.  And as I was
explaining this to her I put my hand on her knee, all as a way of
seeing how she would react.  When she seemed not uncomfortable with
this contact I told her that it would be up to her to convince you that
she should be hired and then I added that when you and I are alone in
the office I sometimes go without my top."

	Ann chuckled to herself.  I gave her an arched look as if to ask
what was so funny? Ann motioned at herself and then said: "I guess
topless doesn't describe it all."

	It was getting towards five o'clock and I thought I ought to call
Saundra (the girl I was then dating) to make sure that she could join
Richard, his wife Ellen and I the next day for dinner and the Opera.
Recognizing that I had things to do, Ann picked up her things and
returned to her desk.  Closing the door to my office I picked up the
phone to call Saundra.  She was at work.  Saundra was an account
executive at a public relations firm that was attached to an
advertising agency in New York.  We had met at a dinner party a five or
so months earlier and lately had been seeing each other several times a
week.

	"I thought you had fallen off the face of the earth"  was the
friendly but pointed reproach that reminded me I had not yet called her
this week.

	"Everything O.K. with you?"  was the best non-reply I could
muster.

	"Sure, I am absolutely buried in this dog-and-pony show we are
putting together to try and get this new account" , Saundra said.  We
chatted about nothing in particular for a few moments when Saundra
asked: "When are you going to show me your new office?"

	Click.  Not quite alarm bells, but some sort of warning
registered in my consciousness. "I really want you to see it when it's
all set up" I demurred.

	"Well how are things coming along?"

	"O.K., but slowly" I said, suddenly being a little
non-communicative.

	"When will I see you?" Saundra asked.

	"Let's try and do something Saturday," I said.  "We can take a
drive in the country and find some place to go for dinner.  I'll call
Friday with the details."

	"Fine.  Call me soon" she replied.

	"Bye" and then I hung up.

	For reasons that were not clear to me then I had chosen not to
invite Saundra to dinner and the Opera with Richard and Ellen and I
sensed that there were going to be some not so simple consequences to
my new work environment and its impact on the rest of my life.

	I opened the door to my office just as Ann was in the process of
putting her dress back on.  She looked at me and smiled.  I saw that
she had left her bra off and it had been placed on top of her handbag.
She stopped wh
at she was doing and faced me with her dress on but unbuttoned above
the waist.

	I realized then what I wanted to do.  "Ann, one of my partners in
one of my deals has invited me to the Opera tomorrow night.  He's going
to bring his wife and I was wondering if you were free to join us."  As
I spoke I felt my heart racing and I hoped that my voice hadn't
betrayed my nervousness.  I was concerned that I was bumping against a
boundary.  I needn't have been.

	"Bob, that would be great."  Ann spoke with evident enthusiasm.
"I love the opera, which one is it?"  "Il Trovatore," I answered.

	"Oh that's great, I love Verdi."  Ann continued "And by the way,
I am available to you whenever you need me.  A little advance notice
for after-hours would be helpful, but that's my problem, you just tell
me when you need me and you can count on me."

	"Terrific" I said now a bit more confused than ever.

	"How would you like me to dress tomorrow night?" Ann then asked.

	"What do you mean?"

	"Tell you what, what time are we supposed to meet them?"

	"Ten 'til eight right outside the opera house at Lincoln Center.
We're going to have dinner afterwards."

	"Why don't you come by my apartment about 6:30 or so and you can
decide what I should wear, you can have a glass of wine and then we
will go."

	"Fine, glad you can come."

	Ann asked if I had anything else for her to do because if not she
was ready to leave.  I said no, I'll see her tomorrow.

	Ann gave me a blazing smile, gathered up her things and headed
for the door.  "Ann" I called out.

	"Yes."

	"Better button your dress."

	Ann looked down and realized her dress was still open to the
waist.  "Thanks" she said as she closed things up.  It seemed to me
that she had blushed.  Slightly.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
If you reply to this message, your message WILL be *automatically* anonymized
and you are allocated an anon id. Read the help file to prevent this.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.

========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Captured by Ann 22/28
From: an138364@anon.penet.fi
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 1995 20:12:35 UTC

	I had not resolved in my own mind just how long I intended to stay in Los Angeles and what our agenda over the next few days would be, when my attention focussed back on the previous night at Carroway's and the card that
 Mike had given me.  Without consulting Ann, I decided to give him a call.  Mike's place of business was known as Headline Productions and I saw the name and title, Michael Boris, President, written on the business card t
hat Mike had given to me the night before.  I reached Mike on the first call and introduced myself again with my first name and reminded him that I had been with Ann the night before.

	"Bob,"  Mike said,  "I'm so glad you called."  That girl of yours is great, even though she is not as young as some of the others," he continued "she has some terrific body and really gives people their money's worth.  S
he could really make a lot of money for me, and if I make money she'll make money too."

	"Well I thought I'd see what you have in mind for her" I said.

	"Do you know where she is, can you have her come in and see me?" Mike asked.

	"She's five feet away" I answered "and yes we can come see you too." I said.

	"Great I can put her to work right away tonight even."

	I told Mike that we would come see him about 11:30 that morning but that we were trying to figure out whether we would be leaving L.A. or staying around for a while, but we would listen to what he had to say.

	I informed Ann that we were going to go to Mike and discuss with him whether she would go to work for him in his foxy boxing/mud wrestling troupe.  I did not give Ann a vote in the matter and she just nodded as I told he
r of my plans.

	After I finished reading the morning papers and the Wall Street Journal, I saw that it was approaching 11:00 and I told Ann to get changed in anticipation of our visit to Mike's office.  I told Ann to wear the same skirt
 that she had on the night before and I picked out a polished cotton blouse for her to wear.  I told her to leave her bra off.  I also told Ann to use a little more makeup than she would usually and to use a red lipstick.
  Without comment, Ann complied, and the package, when all put together, was not one of a refined, polished woman.

	Mike's office was on the second floor of a two story building on Pico Boulevard.  A real estate brokerage storefront was on the ground floor. Mike was very enthusiastic about the prospect of having Ann come to work as pa
rt of his troupe.  He explained that he and his girls worked the circuit of a number of clubs in the L.A./Orange County area and that some of his girsl worked as few as two or as many as five or six nights a week.  He sai
d that he paid each girl $50 a night and that they kept their tips.  He said that the matches were staged and that he had a wardrobe of costumes and props that the girls were free to use.

	Ann did not speak.  I told Mike that Ann was something special and that she would have to be paid more.  I told him that Ann would require $200 a night plus her tips and that he would have to pay for her to have a taxi t
o and from wherever they were working.  I found this whole arrangement to be amusing and I  wanted to see how far this whole thing would go.

	Mike reacted like a stuck pig.  "I can't do that.  All the other girls will kill me.  Maybe later if she gets a reputation and I get a bigger take from the club owners, but not until she proves herself and gets a followi
ng."

	"Look Mike" I negotiated "You saw what reaction she provoked last night.  That's the deal, take it or leave it."

	"O.K., pal" Mike said, but then looking at Ann he added, "you can't tell any of the other girls what I'm giving you, got it?"

	Ann nodded her understanding.

	"Alright," Mike said "we're back in Carroway's the day after tomorrow.  I'll tell them that you are coming back by popular demand."

	"That's fine," I said "but you told me over the phone that you could use her tonight."

	"I don't have anything tonight" Mike said.  "I forgot."

	Just then Mike's secretary/receptionist stuck her head in the office. "You know who is on the phone" she said "he wants to confirm that the girls will be there tonight by 9:00."

	Mike turned beet red as he was caught in this obvious lie.  "They'll be there at 9:00 he answered" and then motioned for his secretary to leave.

	I did not understand what was going on, but I thought I'd press the point.  "What gives?  First you tell me you can use Ann tonight, then you tell me you don't have anything and now I hear that you do.  Maybe we should j
ust forget about the whole thing."

	I paused for a moment and then motioned for Ann to leave with me.  Mike saw this and spoke up:  "Don't go, I just didn't think this one was the right way to get started."

	"What do you mean I asked?"

	"Well sometimes we do private parties too and that's what's going on tonight.  I don't really know you guys and I thought maybe the private parties we could deal with later."

	I played dumb.  "What's so special about the private parties?"

	Mike was obviously uncomfortable explaining his business, but he was also plainly constrained by the commercial potential he saw with Ann.  Groping for euphemism Mike told us that from time to time he would provide the e
ntertainment at private parties in homes or in clubs where he said, the show was "stronger."  Tonight, there was to be a party at someone's home in the Hollywood hills and he was responsible for bringing four girls there
for the entertainment.

	"Don't get me wrong, I don't pimp my girls" Mike went on, "but my clients expect more from these girls than you saw at Carroway's the other night."  I was satisfied with Mike's explanation and I was prepared to leave wit
h Ann.  My interest in Mike's plans for Ann had been amusement enough for the day and I did not expect to follow through and actually enlist Ann in his group.  Ann had a different idea.

	Speaking up for the first time Ann said, "Mike you saw what I can do.  You either put me to work tonight, or you can forget about me."

	It did not take long for Mike to agree with Ann.  He gave Ann the address of the home and told her to meet him there, outside the main gate at 8:45.

	"One more thing"  Ann added.  Gesturing to me Ann told Mike "And Bob will be there too.  You can say he works with you."

	Without further comment we got up and left.  Once again Ann had taken charge at an unexpected moment.  It seemed to me that she was determined to take some action for my benefit.

	When we got back to the hotel, I told Ann that I was going to take a book and sit by the pool for a few hours.  Ann asked if I would mind if she took a walk along Rodeo Drive and did some shopping while I rested at the p
ool.  I had no objection.

	I spent the afternoon dozing on and off by the pool.  I made a dent in the Robert Ludlum novel I was reading and, at the point I got a little hungry, I took advantage of the waiter service available at the pool to get a
sandwich.  There were not many people by the pool that day, although I could not help but take notice of a particularly lithe young lady whose bathing suit, cut high on each hip, accentuated her long, dark, tanned legs.

	About 4:00 I sensed that someone was nearby and looked up from my book to see Ann standing with severla bundles of packages under her arm.  She seemed to have a particularly broad smile.  She told me that her afternoon e
xcursion had been productive and she asked me how much longer I was planning on staying out by the pool.
I asked her to wait for a second and that I would accompany her back to the room as soon as I had a chance to take one more dip in the pool.  While Ann watched, and while those around the pool admired my companion, I dove
 into the water and cruised through several laps of the pool.

	Ann deposited her packages on the bed once we returned to our suite.  I asked her what she had purchased and Ann asked me to wait to see "a little later."  Neither of us were hungry for dinner and we decided to order som
e light snacks from room service.  I was waiting to see what was going to happen that evening and kept my eye on the clock waiting for Ann to start her preparations.

	At about 7:30, Ann took her purchases in to the dressing suite and, out of view, changed in to the outfit she was going to wear that evening.  Ann came out of the dressing area to show me what she was planning on wearing
.  Ann's blouse was an orange and black print material that was, despite its dark colors, essentially sheer.  Its transparency was not immediately obvious, because of the dark colors of the blouse, but as soon as Ann emer
ged from the shadows, the limited ability of the blouse to hide and obscure was evident.   The ends of the blouse were tied in a knot right right over Ann's sternum.  The effect was to create, with the rest of the blouse,
 two slings each supporting and carrying and tightly encasing one of Ann's breasts.

	Ann was also wearing very dark blue pants.  What made them special  was that they were extremely low-slung.  I was not sure then what principal of design it was that kept the pants from slipping off.  They seemed to find
 some support on each of Ann's hips but the pants were then cut in a V-shape both in the front and in the back.  In the front, the notched area  that was exposed, dipped well below Ann's bellybutton on to her lower belly.
  In the rear, the top third or so of the cleft between her bottom cheeks was also uncovered.

	When it was time to leave, and as I walked Ann to our car, I made a point of walking Ann direclty through the hotel's crowded lobby, where she cut an audible swath right through the people who were otherwise heading out
or coming back.

	We arrived at the address which Mike had provided precisely at 8:45 and evidently, Ann was the last person he was expecting.  I did not recognize the other three girls who were there.  They had not been at Carroway's the
 night before.  Mike commented that it was good that Ann had joined up because one of the girls had gotten sick and he had promised four girls at the party.  It was also quite clear to all of us that quite a party was und
erway.  We could hear raucous noise from the house and even could feel  the thump thump of the rhythm being played on the bass quitar of the live band.

	Mike walked us out to the rear entrance to the house, where one of the staff retrieved the host.  I recognized the host of the party from a recent appearance on the Tonight Show which he had attended to publicize his lat
est movie.  I was introduced as one of Mike's partners and I watched as our host eyed all the girls up and down.  His gaze lingered especially at Ann.  He introduced himself to her, and asked Ann her name. "Annie" was the
 answer, which kind of took me aback as I had never before heard Ann refer to herself as that.  I knew that Ann recognized this celebrity.

	The girls were given a place to change into their outfits.  Ann asked Mike for direction as to what they were supposed to do, and Mike suggested that she and I watch the first two girls.  Mike told Ann that she would hav
e enough time after the first set to get ready and he suggested that we stand in the back of the ballroom.

	At a cue, the band shifted away from the latin music it had been playing to a hard pulsing rock beat.  I scanned the crowd to see if there was anyone there I recognized, all the while hoping that there was no one there w
ho recognized me.  Those in attendance all seemed clustered in the late twenties early, thirties age bracket.  Although I could not link any of the faces with any recognizable names, I was sure this was an entertainment i
ndustry crowd, in part because of the significant number of absolutely georgous people in attendance.

	Mandy and Patty were the first two of Mike's girls to step out on to the dance floor.  Quickly, I saw that this was not as tame as Carroway's.  The first tipoff was that  as the girls danced around a cleared out area, th
ey wasted no time in taking each other's blouse off.  Then, encouraged by the crowd, they were soon wearing only g-strings as they danced and circulated among the rest of the partygoers, all the while dancing and kissing
and hugging all around them.  These girls were clearly ice-breakers as they managed to incite some of the others in attendance to emulate their shedding of clothes and as the music blared and the tempo increased, I lost t
rack of Mandy and Patty amid the significant number of partially clad women on the dance floor.

	Mike took Ann and her partner Diane by the elbows and told them that they were to be ready in five minutes.  Diane, who was a tall, willowy blonde and Ann retreated to the changing room.  When they emerged they were both
 wearing identical outfits--all in white-- consisting no more than of white bras, panties, garterbelts and stockings.  Mike cued the bandleader to introduce Ann and Diane.  At an appropriate point, the bandleader stopped
the music and asked everyone to form a circle on the dance floor.  Then, as the next melody was softly started, he introduced Ann and Diane, who in keeping with the beat started to dance their way into the middle of the r
oom.  At the outset the beat was fast and Ann and Diane were no more than go-go dancers bopping around in the center of the dancefloor.  Unlike, Mandy and Patty, they made no effort either to mix or interact physically wi
th the guests.  At that point I caught a glimpse of Patty dancing with one of those in attendance.  This would not have been remarkable except that Patty's hand was in her dance-partner's pants.  But even that was not so
extraordinary.  One male guest was on his knees with his head well up and covered by the dress of a young redhead.  All of this activity was occuring in the middle of a crowded dance floor.

	There was then a change in tempo.  The band launched into a different type of song, playing the old Righteous Brothers song "You've lost that loving feeling".  In that much slower but very intense song, the crowd changed
, the dancing and other activity became much more intimate, and Ann and Diane were forced to improvise.  Ann took the lead and drew Diane to her.  Placing their arms around each other's shoulders, they thrust their pelvis
' forward so that they seemed locked to each other as they swayed together in time to the music.  Ann, at one point reached behind Diane and unhooked her bra.  When Diane returned the favor to Ann, it was obvious to me th
at a significant number of the guests were transfixed by Ann's figure.

	One of those whose attention was captured was our host.  He came over to Ann and took her away from Diane and started to dance with her.  Mike, who was standing next to me, got quite excited. "Oh if he likes her, boy wil
l I be set."  I think I knew what he meant.  As Ann danced, I saw our host draw Ann's hand against him obviously to show to her how she had affected him and I recognized a pained and uncomfortable look on Ann as he nuzzle
d against her breasts.  Some conversation passed between them, when I saw Ann excuse herself from him and come over to me.

	"Bob" Ann began, "he wants me to join him and some of his friends in one of his hottubs outside."

	"Do you want to go?"  I asked Ann.

	Ann's answer was simple and direct.  "Bob, if you would like me to go, it is only for you to say so."

	With that answer I snapped.  Taking Ann by the wrist and with no further comment to anyone, I pushed our way out of the room, through the back area and to our car.  I was in a fury but one that was totally inner-directed
.  Ann had no idea what it was that was upsetting me so and I was only slowly realizing it.  As we pulled away from the house, I saw in the rear view mirror, Mike chasing after us on foot, wondering what it was that cause
d such a hasty exit.

	Ann seemed to be frightened by my behavior and I saw tears glistening in her eyes.  My mind was racing in review of the many years I had spent with Ann as we headed back to the hotel.  And then I knew.  And I spoke.  I t
alked to Ann as we were driving because I could not contain myself.  I did not know, as I spoke one sentence  what the next sentence would convey.  I only knew that I had discovered an essential truth and that it had to b
e said.

	"Ann, I love you" was how I began using a phrase I had never before used with another person.  "Tonight I realized just how devoted you have been to me, how you have subordinated your own feelings and needs to me and how
 little I have given you in return."

	"Over all these years you have made so little demand on me, that I have realized the one thing which is missing in my life is an outlet for my need to be giving to you too."

	Ann was sobbing uncontrollably.  "Ann you've been better for me, more caring for me than I had any right to expect and it is killing me now that I have taken you for granted at times.  But I know that I cherish you, that
 the gift of your devotion which I have had all these years, your loyalty, your desire to please me, is and has been the most precious gift I could have ever been given by anyone."
	We were nearing the hotel.  As we pulled up to the hotel I gave Ann my sports jacket as a cover up.  Ann struggled to maintain her composure as we rode up the elevator towards out room.  I held my arm around her.

	Now in our suite, Ann started to say something, but I asked her to please let me finish.

	"Ann, I love you, I love you, I love you" I said repeating that phrase over and over again as I took pleasure in articulating that reality to which for so long I had been blind.  "Ann, I want us to stay together for ever
.  I want to make you as happy and to respond to your needs as fully as you have taken care of me over the years.  And I want everyone to know how special you are to me.  And I want you to marry me."

	And then I started to cry.  I know I did so because an essential truth of my existence, my love for Ann, had finally broken through to my consciousness, and the resolution of that tension was the most overwhelming emotio
nal experience I had ever had.

	"Bob" Ann started to say, "I never thought I would ever hear that from you.  I know that you  love me and have loved me for a long time, but I never thought you'd tell me how you feel.  But don't be so hard on yourself.
 My life with you has been fulfilling.  And I do love you, you know I worship you and pleasing you is pleasure for me too."

	"Ann I know I am not complete unless I give as well as take. You have given and given and given, and I need to give to you, to take care of you in every way, emotionally, physically, in every way."

	And then I was overcome.  I could not speak.  But I pulled Ann towards me and when we kissed, it was like we never had kissed before.  The connection which I felt with her was that of a fusion of spirit, of personality.
 And when I touched her and felt her and carressed her, it was as if I
was discovering her body for the first time.  And when I sensed her
fragrance, new images and feelings were evoked.  When I tasted Ann and
sensed her
respond to me it was as if we were connecting for the first time, and
my mouth felt as it did the first time I tasted a french sauterne, only
the delight was more intense.  And when I entered Ann, and felt us join
togethe
r in love, I knew that I had lost the power to describe how I was
feeling, because any descriptive efforts would only circumscribe and
limit and not reflect the awesome nature of that transcendant
experience.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
If you reply to this message, your message WILL be *automatically* anonymized
and you are allocated an anon id. Read the help file to prevent this.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.

========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Captured by Ann 23/28
From: an138364@anon.penet.fi
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 1995 20:14:11 UTC

New Beginnings -  November  - December 1988

	Ann and I were married the Saturday after Thanksgiving in 1988.
The ceremony was held in the living room of our New York apartment and
one of my law school classmates had arranged for a local judge to
officiate.  Ann's mother and her husband (she had remarried after Ann's
father had died) had flown in and Justine had also been able to join
us.  Justine was completing a residency in Pediatrics in Los Angeles
and took advantage of the trip to the East to interview for a
fellowship position at New York Hospital.

	The celebration of our wedding was in some measure an opportunity
for reflection.  As I surveyed the fifty or so people who had joined
us, I was, on many occasions reminded of extraordinary episodes in my
life with Ann.  From Justine to Ellen to Sharon to Gerry--all these
people had provided special moments for us.

	Ann and I had had many discussions after our return from our trip
to Los Angeles concerning the new direction that our life would be
taking.  I had told her that I viewed our marriage as signifying my
intention to make a permanent commitment to her and as our relation
evolved,  I wanted to be more giving to her.  Ann seemed to appreciate
that change on my part, but she allowed that as she knew me and my
tastes and habits and that since she had enough of a sense of herself,
she also knew that there would still be an "edge" to our relationship.

	But there were two major new influences in our lives.  One  was
the concept of my "giving" more to Ann.  We sometimes referred to that
as "sharing".  The second issue which was now looming for us was the
prospect of chil
dren.  Both Ann and I were near forty.  For me that was less of a
deadline than that it was for Ann.  I knew that a child with Ann would
totally disrupt the patterns of living we were following and for that
reason I was n
ot quite as certain that Ann becoming pregnant was a great idea.  We
both knew that we would have to face up to that issue soon.

	After our wedding celebration, Ann and I did not take the
traditional honeymoon.  Ann had asked me if she could plan out a few
special events for the ensuing months and, as Ann's "surprises" were
always amazing and excit
ing, I was quick to agree.  The first of these special events was to be
a New Year's eve party which we would host.  Ann spent a lot of time
over the next weeks dealing with florists, caterers and others while
she was set
ting things up.  I was kept in the dark while I looked forward to what
I knew would be a typical Ann surprise.

	In the meantime, Ann was always alert to finding ways to inject
excitement into everyday experience.  Ann and I, for example, had
converted one of the bedrooms in our apartment into a gym.  Our
equipment consisted of a t
readmill, a stationary bike, a ski-tracking device and a rack of free
weights.  We worked out at least four times a week and on three
mornings a week we were visited by a personal trainer who would work
with both of us if
 we were available or whichever of us could  make the appointment.
Sometimes if I were not going to be there Ann would invite one or two
of her friends over to join in the workout.

	On one such Wednesday, Ann had asked two of her friends to join
her as she anticipated that I would be attending a meeting at the time
of the scheduled workout.  In fact, my meeting was cancelled and we got
a phone call
that morning from the institute which provided the sports trainers
advising that the trainer who we expected also could not make it that
morning.  Ann seemed to have a bright idea.

	"Rather than if I call up Gloria and Susan and cancel things, why
don't  you join us?  I've got an idea"  Ann added.

	I perked up as I sensed Ann's inventive mind working.  "Two
questions" I replied.  "First what's your idea, and second, where has
Gloria been?  I haven't seen her around lately."  The latter question
was prompted by the
fact that I had not seen Gloria, who lived with her husband in an
apartment in our building two floors below ours, for quite a few weeks.

	"You know, I hadn't heard from her at all recently.  I called her
a few times and my messages weren't answered.  Then she called me
yesterday and  all she told me was that she had been away for a while
and told me  that
she would bring me up to date after she had a chance to see me."
Apparently Ann was a little puzzled.

	Ann continued.  "You know we have been talking about sharing
recently.  I think I'd like to show you off a bit."

	"What do you mean?"  I asked.

	"Look, we'll have to play it by ear, but I think I'd like to have
you lead us in our workout today and I want to make it a bit
interesting for the girls."

	"How should we do that?"  I asked.

	"Simple, you run the workout for us but what I want you to do is
to wear your shorts without a jockstrap.  You see the possibilities?"

	What Ann was setting in motion was evident to me.  I usually
worked out in a t-shirt and a loose fitting pair of nylon shorts.  I
needed the jock to keep everything in place, but Ann plainly had other
ideas.  As I starte
d to get a little pleasantly anxious about how things would work out, I
wondered if this was how Ann felt as she prepared to go out with me in
some revealing outfit.

	As the girls were due to arrive in a half hour's time, I placed a
call concerning one of my investments, then changed into my gym
clothes, following Ann's direction and then went into the gym to run
for about ten minutes so that I would be warmed up, loose and limber
when the girls arrived.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
If you reply to this message, your message WILL be *automatically* anonymized
and you are allocated an anon id. Read the help file to prevent this.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.

========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Captured by Ann 24/28
From: an138364@anon.penet.fi
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 1995 20:14:33 UTC

	I had just finished a brief warm up when Ann, Gloria and Susan joined me in the gym.  Ann was wearing a rhubarb-colored, one-piece
leotard over a tightly fitting bra and socks and sneakers.  Susan, who is a brunette in her late twenties, had her hair pulled back in a pony tail.  She was wearing a thong-style black spandex outfit, with black tights wh
ich were just a little transparent.  Gloria, who was in her late thirties, was very short, barely five feet tall and was wearing a white leotard.

	"Girls"  Ann anounced, "our trainer cancelled out on us today, so I asked Bob to give us a good workout today."

	"Why don't you stretch out and warm up" I said, "and then we can get started."

	Over the next five minutes or so each of the girl's went through their warm up drills, stretching against the bar and doing easy calisthenics.  I then told each girl to take a piece of aerobic equipment and run through t
en minutes of exercise.  Gloria hopped on the treadmill and set out at a brisk walking pace.  Ann mounted the stationary bike and Susan seemed to frown as it was only the ski machine that was left for her.  I saw that she
 was a little awkward on the ski machine, so I suggested that she not try and use the handropes, but lean against the pad at her hips for support while she worked to get the hang of the correct balance and rhythm.  I told
 the girls that they would rotate among the equipment every ten minutes so that they would have a full thirty minutes of aerobic work.

	I stepped back to watch  my "class" at work.  Gloria and Susan were both interesting to look at, though in different ways.  Gloria, although too short to be considered beautiful in a classic way, had an interesting appea
rance.  She had short, curly black hair, with dark brown eyes and a quiet manner.  She was a little too busty for the proportions of her figure, and as I watched her closely I was clearly able to make out the outlines of
dark colored nipples pressing against the fabric of her leotard.

	Susan had a more athletic appearance, despite her clumsiness on the ski equipment.  She had a good dancer's type figure with discernible muscle definition.  The semi-transparency of her tights, which encased her bottom o
ver the back of her thong-style outfit encouraged me to imagine what she would look like nude, at least from the hips down.

	These observations had an arousing effect on me, which reminded me of Ann's cleverness.  As I felt myself starting to have an erection, I realized the predicament which my loose-fitting nylon shorts presented.  I realize
d that if I were not careful, and I was not sure whether I wanted to be careful, I might find myself lengthening and then peeking down the leg of my shorts or, at the least, tenting those shorts in a conspicuous way.

	At the ten minute mark, I had everyone change equipment.  Ann took over on the ski machine and Susan went over to the treadmill with Gloria taking her turn on the bike.  Ann was much more experienced and adept on the ski
er.  Susan promptly set out at a good jogging pace on the treadmill, but Gloria was having a little difficulty with the bike.  The source of the difficulty was obvious.  The pedals had been set for Ann's longer legs and G
loria's feet kept slipping out of the pedals on the bottom of each downstroke.  I went over to the bike to help Gloria by adjusting the height of the seat.  As she swung her leg to dismount from the bike for a moment, she
 brushed up against me and with that casual contact I knew she felt,  as I did, the contact between her thigh and my semi-hard state.  That only served to make my sneak appearance only that more imminent.

	The last rotation through the aerobics cycle was more straightforward, and by the time it was finished, each of the girls had a slight sheen of perspiration.  I told everyone to help themselves to some juice which from a
 pitcher which was set out in a corner of the room and each of the girls served themselves while I pulled a bench into the middle of the room and  arrayed some dumbells next to the bench for the next segment of the workou
t.

	I asked for a volunteer to go first and in the absence of a volunteer, I told Susan to lie down on the bench on her back.  I handed her two ten pound dumbells and told her to flex her arms and then raise and lower the du
mbells, pushing them up from her chest and holding them steadily for two sets of ten repetitions.  I stood behind her, at her head, and spotted her through the routine which she completed handily.

	It was then Gloria's turn.  She started out well enough, but then seemed to run into a bit of trouble.  I noticed that as she lowered the dumbells she was lowering her arms at her sides which had the effect of stretching
 her top tautly against her chest.  My gaze focussed on her nipples which seemed to be presented through the material and I noticed then for the first time a small hard item that seemed to be resting on one nipple underne
ath her leotard.  As I straddled the bench to help Gloria in her struggle with the weights, I noticed that she was looking up the pants leg of my shorts and I knew that her view was completely unobstructed.  I pretended n
ot to notice where she was looking and Gloria made no comment.  I felt an increased sense of inevitability however to an emergence of my cock below the leg of my shorts.

	Ann was next.  I knew Ann could handle the weight easily, so I gave her two fifteen pound dumbbells.  She blasted her way through two repetitions and then yelped "Ow."

	Gloria and Susan looked over in concern and I asked Ann what was the matter.  Making a motion towards her chest Ann said that the wire in her bra was pinching her.  She decided to solve the problem.

	Quickly, Ann pulled her arms out of the sleeves of her top and then pushed the fabric down towards her waist.  She then released the clasp at the front of the bra and shrugged it off.  She sat upright on the bench with h
er considerable breasts resting on her stomach and showed everyone where the underwire in one cup had protruded through the bra material.  Ann then lifted her right breast up and without any self-consciousness examined he
r side to see if there were any visible scratches.  Satisfied that she had solved the problem she then resumed her position on the bench and extended her hands to receive the weights.  That she did not bother to slip on h
er top did not seem to bother her.  I handed Ann the dumbbells and watched her complete the first set of repititions with her large breasts now splayed out at her sides.  Each repetition caused delightful reverberating mo
vement in her breastflesh and, despite the intimate familiarity I had acquired with Ann and her body over the years, the sight of her exercising in this manner was overwhelmingly stimulating.  The effect of Ann's actions
on me were immediate and had to have been intended by Ann.  I had no ability to control my arousal and I knew that the head of my penis had emerged into plain view along my leg below the fabric of my shorts.  I saw, as I
stood astride Ann, that she saw what happened and her response, which was to run her tongue along her lips, was also seen by  Gloria and Susan.

	Ann dropped the weights at her side and reached up with her hands and grabbed my backside and pulled me directly over her and then, pulled my hips in a downward motion which caused me to widen my stance and dip myself to
wards her now open mouth.  She mouthed me for a few seconds in this awkward position and then released me.

	Susan's reaction was to say "That looks like a fun way to workout" and she stripped out of her clothes and said "I hope it's my turn soon."  Gloria said nothing, but also joined Susan and Ann in removing her workout atti
re.

	As Ann sat up and pulled my shorts down around my ankles, I looked over at Gloria more closely.  I saw that, like Ann, Gloria was shaved completely and I also noticed that one of Gloria's nipples was pierced through whic
h she wore a ring which had a gold letter "D" dangling.

	At that point, I was no longer in charge, and Ann directed me to lie down on the bench.  Susan acted first and sat astride me and pulled me into her.  With her feet on the floor, she started a motion to raise and lower h
erself in time with a rhythm she established.  Ann came over to the head of the bench and placed herself directly over my face.  I did not need a special invitation and started to lick and nibble at her while I enjoyed he
r familiar taste.  Gloria also made her presence felt.  I noticed a warm, gentle sensation as Gloria, kneeling at the bottom of the bench, timed long licking motions on my balls and the base of my cock as the latter emerg
ed from Susan each time she would raise herself up.  I was experiencing a sensory overload as I felt the competing sensations of Gloria's lingual ministrations, Susan's sheathing envelopment of me, and the taste and press
ure of Ann's sex against my mouth and face.  Glancing down, I saw that Gloria's hand was busily engaged in her own stimulation while we pursued these motions for what seemed like an eternity of pleasure.  Finally, with a
muffled groan, I felt myself release inside Susan who seemed also to have acheived a resolution by this point.  I felt myself shrink and recede within her.  As Ann stood up from her position above me, I pulled Susan down
towards me and completed our introduction with a long kiss.  As Ann's juices were coating my chin and mouth, I knew that at least indirectly, Susan was tasting her too.

	After waiting a moment which allowed Gloria to finish what she had started we all walked over to the bathroom in Ann and my bedroom suite and stood in the large tub and passed around the handheld shower and washed each o
ther off.  I don't know whether it was a testament to how draining the experience was that I had just enjoyed or whether, simply, it was a consequence of the fact that I was getting older, but I felt no need (or ability a
t that point) to engage in another round of activity.

	In the course of drying each other off, I pointed to the gold "D" which was dangling from Gloria's nipple and I asked what the significance of that adornment was.  I knew Gloria's husband's name started with an R and tha
t their last name started with a K.  Gloria said that it was a long story and that she'd go into it another time.  Susan asked what time it was and then said that she had to go as she had an appointment at her hairdresser
.  As Susan dressed, Ann and I wrapped towels around our waists and invited Gloria to join us for a cup of coffee.

	After showing Susan out, the three of us sat in our  plant room with mugs of coffee and some sliced fruit to nibble on.  We chatted about nothing in particular for a few moments when Gloria seemed to notice that Ann seem
ed to be staring at Gloria's nipple jewelry.  Gloria must have decided that that was the time to explain the significance of the "D".

	"I got that at Davenport" she said introducing the subject.

	"What's Davenport?" Ann and I said in unison.

	"It's really something I'm not supposed to talk about too much.  It's a place where Ronald sent me.  I was given the ring when I arrived, and the 'D' was put on it when I left."  We knew that the reference to Ronald was
to her husband.

	I tried to draw Gloria out.  "How long were you there?"

	"I was there for three and a half weeks" Gloria answered.  "You know let me speak to Ronald and if it is o.k. with him, maybe I can tell you more about it."

	Ann and I were both mildly curious, but evidently Gloria was even more anxious to explain to us what Davenport was all about.  I know that I assumed that Gloria would speak to Ronald at some later point in time and then
get back to us.  I was wrong.

	"Is there somewhere I could make a call?" she asked.

	Ann showed Gloria to a phone and the foyer and returned to the plant room to wait with me.  After about ten minutes Gloria returned carrying at her side the towel which had been previously wrapped at her waist.  "Ronald
instructed me to invite you to dinner tonight at eight.  I will serve dinner and perhaps we can talk about Davenport."

	There was certainly a mysterious air about Gloria's curiously phrased invitation which made both Ann and I more anxious to know what was up.  Ann and I agreed to join Ronald and Gloria for dinner.

	"We dress for dinner" Gloria added as she rose to go change and leave.

	I spent the rest of the day loafing about the apartment, sorting
through old magazines which I probably should have gotten rid of a long
time before.  Ann occupied herself watching a video of an old Bette
Davis movie and then reading.  We speculated about what Gloria might
have been referring to, but neither of us knew.  I did not know that
much about Ronald and Gloria.  Ann had befriended Gloria as she saw her
from time to time in our lobby and, similarly, I knew Ronald well
enough to pass a few words about the weather but not much more.  We had
gotten to know Gloria a little better today, however.

	That evening, as Ann and I were introduced to Davenport, we
realized how little we really knew about  Ronald and Gloria.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
If you reply to this message, your message WILL be *automatically* anonymized
and you are allocated an anon id. Read the help file to prevent this.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.

========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Captured by Ann 25/28
From: an138364@anon.penet.fi
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 1995 20:15:14 UTC

	I had just finished a brief warm up when Ann, Gloria and Susan joined me in the gym.  Ann was wearing a rhubarb-colored, one-piece
leotard over a tightly fitting bra and socks and sneakers.  Susan, who is a brunette in her late twenties, had her hair pulled back in a pony tail.  She was wearing a thong-style black spandex outfit, with black tights wh
ich were just a little transparent.  Gloria, who was in her late thirties, was very short, barely five feet tall and was wearing a white leotard.

	"Girls"  Ann anounced, "our trainer cancelled out on us today, so I asked Bob to give us a good workout today."

	"Why don't you stretch out and warm up" I said, "and then we can get started."

	Over the next five minutes or so each of the girl's went through their warm up drills, stretching against the bar and doing easy calisthenics.  I then told each girl to take a piece of aerobic equipment and run through t
en minutes of exercise.  Gloria hopped on the treadmill and set out at a brisk walking pace.  Ann mounted the stationary bike and Susan seemed to frown as it was only the ski machine that was left for her.  I saw that she
 was a little awkward on the ski machine, so I suggested that she not try and use the handropes, but lean against the pad at her hips for support while she worked to get the hang of the correct balance and rhythm.  I told
 the girls that they would rotate among the equipment every ten minutes so that they would have a full thirty minutes of aerobic work.

	I stepped back to watch  my "class" at work.  Gloria and Susan were both interesting to look at, though in different ways.  Gloria, although too short to be considered beautiful in a classic way, had an interesting appea
rance.  She had short, curly black hair, with dark brown eyes and a quiet manner.  She was a little too busty for the proportions of her figure, and as I watched her closely I was clearly able to make out the outlines of
dark colored nipples pressing against the fabric of her leotard.

	Susan had a more athletic appearance, despite her clumsiness on the ski equipment.  She had a good dancer's type figure with discernible muscle definition.  The semi-transparency of her tights, which encased her bottom o
ver the back of her thong-style outfit encouraged me to imagine what she would look like nude, at least from the hips down.

	These observations had an arousing effect on me, which reminded me of Ann's cleverness.  As I felt myself starting to have an erection, I realized the predicament which my loose-fitting nylon shorts presented.  I realize
d that if I were not careful, and I was not sure whether I wanted to be careful, I might find myself lengthening and then peeking down the leg of my shorts or, at the least, tenting those shorts in a conspicuous way.

	At the ten minute mark, I had everyone change equipment.  Ann took over on the ski machine and Susan went over to the treadmill with Gloria taking her turn on the bike.  Ann was much more experienced and adept on the ski
er.  Susan promptly set out at a good jogging pace on the treadmill, but Gloria was having a little difficulty with the bike.  The source of the difficulty was obvious.  The pedals had been set for Ann's longer legs and G
loria's feet kept slipping out of the pedals on the bottom of each downstroke.  I went over to the bike to help Gloria by adjusting the height of the seat.  As she swung her leg to dismount from the bike for a moment, she
 brushed up against me and with that casual contact I knew she felt,  as I did, the contact between her thigh and my semi-hard state.  That only served to make my sneak appearance only that more imminent.

	The last rotation through the aerobics cycle was more straightforward, and by the time it was finished, each of the girls had a slight sheen of perspiration.  I told everyone to help themselves to some juice which from a
 pitcher which was set out in a corner of the room and each of the girls served themselves while I pulled a bench into the middle of the room and  arrayed some dumbells next to the bench for the next segment of the workou
t.

	I asked for a volunteer to go first and in the absence of a volunteer, I told Susan to lie down on the bench on her back.  I handed her two ten pound dumbells and told her to flex her arms and then raise and lower the du
mbells, pushing them up from her chest and holding them steadily for two sets of ten repetitions.  I stood behind her, at her head, and spotted her through the routine which she completed handily.

	It was then Gloria's turn.  She started out well enough, but then seemed to run into a bit of trouble.  I noticed that as she lowered the dumbells she was lowering her arms at her sides which had the effect of stretching
 her top tautly against her chest.  My gaze focussed on her nipples which seemed to be presented through the material and I noticed then for the first time a small hard item that seemed to be resting on one nipple underne
ath her leotard.  As I straddled the bench to help Gloria in her struggle with the weights, I noticed that she was looking up the pants leg of my shorts and I knew that her view was completely unobstructed.  I pretended n
ot to notice where she was looking and Gloria made no comment.  I felt an increased sense of inevitability however to an emergence of my cock below the leg of my shorts.

	Ann was next.  I knew Ann could handle the weight easily, so I gave her two fifteen pound dumbbells.  She blasted her way through two repetitions and then yelped "Ow."

	Gloria and Susan looked over in concern and I asked Ann what was the matter.  Making a motion towards her chest Ann said that the wire in her bra was pinching her.  She decided to solve the problem.

	Quickly, Ann pulled her arms out of the sleeves of her top and then pushed the fabric down towards her waist.  She then released the clasp at the front of the bra and shrugged it off.  She sat upright on the bench with h
er considerable breasts resting on her stomach and showed everyone where the underwire in one cup had protruded through the bra material.  Ann then lifted her right breast up and without any self-consciousness examined he
r side to see if there were any visible scratches.  Satisfied that she had solved the problem she then resumed her position on the bench and extended her hands to receive the weights.  That she did not bother to slip on h
er top did not seem to bother her.  I handed Ann the dumbbells and watched her complete the first set of repititions with her large breasts now splayed out at her sides.  Each repetition caused delightful reverberating mo
vement in her breastflesh and, despite the intimate familiarity I had acquired with Ann and her body over the years, the sight of her exercising in this manner was overwhelmingly stimulating.  The effect of Ann's actions
on me were immediate and had to have been intended by Ann.  I had no ability to control my arousal and I knew that the head of my penis had emerged into plain view along my leg below the fabric of my shorts.  I saw, as I
stood astride Ann, that she saw what happened and her response, which was to run her tongue along her lips, was also seen by  Gloria and Susan.

	Ann dropped the weights at her side and reached up with her hands and grabbed my backside and pulled me directly over her and then, pulled my hips in a downward motion which caused me to widen my stance and dip myself to
wards her now open mouth.  She mouthed me for a few seconds in this awkward position and then released me.

	Susan's reaction was to say "That looks like a fun way to workout" and she stripped out of her clothes and said "I hope it's my turn soon."  Gloria said nothing, but also joined Susan and Ann in removing her workout atti
re.

	As Ann sat up and pulled my shorts down around my ankles, I looked over at Gloria more closely.  I saw that, like Ann, Gloria was shaved completely and I also noticed that one of Gloria's nipples was pierced through whic
h she wore a ring which had a gold letter "D" dangling.

	At that point, I was no longer in charge, and Ann directed me to lie down on the bench.  Susan acted first and sat astride me and pulled me into her.  With her feet on the floor, she started a motion to raise and lower h
erself in time with a rhythm she established.  Ann came over to the head of the bench and placed herself directly over my face.  I did not need a special invitation and started to lick and nibble at her while I enjoyed he
r familiar taste.  Gloria also made her presence felt.  I noticed a warm, gentle sensation as Gloria, kneeling at the bottom of the bench, timed long licking motions on my balls and the base of my cock as the latter emerg
ed from Susan each time she would raise herself up.  I was experiencing a sensory overload as I felt the competing sensations of Gloria's lingual ministrations, Susan's sheathing envelopment of me, and the taste and press
ure of Ann's sex against my mouth and face.  Glancing down, I saw that Gloria's hand was busily engaged in her own stimulation while we pursued these motions for what seemed like an eternity of pleasure.  Finally, with a
muffled groan, I felt myself release inside Susan who seemed also to have acheived a resolution by this point.  I felt myself shrink and recede within her.  As Ann stood up from her position above me, I pulled Susan down
towards me and completed our introduction with a long kiss.  As Ann's juices were coating my chin and mouth, I knew that at least indirectly, Susan was tasting her too.

	After waiting a moment which allowed Gloria to finish what she had started we all walked over to the bathroom in Ann and my bedroom suite and stood in the large tub and passed around the handheld shower and washed each o
ther off.  I don't know whether it was a testament to how draining the experience was that I had just enjoyed or whether, simply, it was a consequence of the fact that I was getting older, but I felt no need (or ability a
t that point) to engage in another round of activity.

	In the course of drying each other off, I pointed to the gold "D" which was dangling from Gloria's nipple and I asked what the significance of that adornment was.  I knew Gloria's husband's name started with an R and tha
t their last name started with a K.  Gloria said that it was a long story and that she'd go into it another time.  Susan asked what time it was and then said that she had to go as she had an appointment at her hairdresser
.  As Susan dressed, Ann and I wrapped towels around our waists and invited Gloria to join us for a cup of coffee.

	After showing Susan out, the three of us sat in our  plant room with mugs of coffee and some sliced fruit to nibble on.  We chatted about nothing in particular for a few moments when Gloria seemed to notice that Ann seem
ed to be staring at Gloria's nipple jewelry.  Gloria must have decided that that was the time to explain the significance of the "D".

	"I got that at Davenport" she said introducing the subject.

	"What's Davenport?" Ann and I said in unison.

	"It's really something I'm not supposed to talk about too much.  It's a place where Ronald sent me.  I was given the ring when I arrived, and the 'D' was put on it when I left."  We knew that the reference to Ronald was
to her husband.

	I tried to draw Gloria out.  "How long were you there?"

	"I was there for three and a half weeks" Gloria answered.  "You know let me speak to Ronald and if it is o.k. with him, maybe I can tell you more about it."

	Ann and I were both mildly curious, but evidently Gloria was even more anxious to explain to us what Davenport was all about.  I know that I assumed that Gloria would speak to Ronald at some later point in time and then
get back to us.  I was wrong.

	"Is there somewhere I could make a call?" she asked.

	Ann showed Gloria to a phone and the foyer and returned to the plant room to wait with me.  After about ten minutes Gloria returned carrying at her side the towel which had been previously wrapped at her waist.  "Ronald
instructed me to invite you to dinner tonight at eight.  I will serve dinner and perhaps we can talk about Davenport."

	There was certainly a mysterious air about Gloria's curiously phrased invitation which made both Ann and I more anxious to know what was up.  Ann and I agreed to join Ronald and Gloria for dinner.

	"We dress for dinner" Gloria added as she rose to go change and leave.

	I spent the rest of the day loafing about the apartment, sorting through old magazines which I probably should have gotten rid of a long time before.  Ann occupied herself watching a video of an old Bette Davis movie and
 then reading.  We speculated about what Gloria might have been referring to, but neither of us knew.  I did not know that much about Ronald and Gloria.  Ann had befriended Gloria as she saw her from time to time in our l
obby and, similarly, I knew Ronald well enough to pass a few words about the weather but not much more.  We had gotten to know Gloria a little better today, however.

	That evening, as Ann and I were introduced to Davenport, we
realized how little we really knew about  Ronald and Gloria.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
If you reply to this message, your message WILL be *automatically* anonymized
and you are allocated an anon id. Read the help file to prevent this.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.

========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Captured by Ann 25/28 (CORRECTED VERSION)
From: an138364@anon.penet.fi
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 1995 20:19:40 UTC

Introduction to Davenport - December 1988

	Ann and I interpreted, it turned out correctly, Gloria's comment that "we dress for dinner" to reflect a suggestion that we wear formal dress.  I wore a dinner jacket which was not particularly remarkable.  Ann chose her
 attire with more thought.  Her outfit was based on a very dressy one piece pants suit.  The pants part were of a billowy white material which, when Ann stepped in front of a light source gave a gauzy view of the outline
of her legs.  The top was of the same material which gathered almost halter-style around her neck.  The effect was to accentuate Ann's height and gave her a regal bearing, although the bob and wobble of Ann's unrestrained
 breasts under her top gave a hint of Ann's personality.

	Precisely at eight, we rode down in the elevator, to Gloria and Ronald's apartment two floors below ours.  Ronald answered the door and showed us in to their living room.  Ronald was wearing a dark-red dinner jacket, edg
ed in black satin over black trousers.  The apartment was furnished with a consistent theme.  The walls in the hallway leading to the living room were covered with dark mahogany.  The living room continued the mahogany th
eme, with brown-toned tapestries hanging on the walls.  The furnishings were suggestive of what one might imagine an english clubroom to look like.

	The lighting in the apartment was subdued with a vaguely yellowish cast attributable to the lampshades covering the various lamps which were the only source of illumination.  Gloria joined us in the living room, walking
in with a tray on which glasses of wine were arrayed.  I took immediate notice of Gloria's dress.  She was wearing a blood red, ankle length gown which was supported by two thin straps at her shoulder.   The dress itself
was extremely low-cut.  Gloria's breasts were not encased by the top of her dress, rather they appeared to rest in them.  The dress was cut so low, that the top third or so of each nipple was left peeking above the fabric
 of the dress.

	After offering each of us some wine, Gloria asked to be excused so that she could attend to the completion of her preparations for dinner.  Ann and I remained in the living room for about ten minutes where we continued o
ur basic pointless small-talk.  Finally Gloria invited  us in to the dining room for dinner.

	There was a long, formal dining table of a highly polished wood with four places set near one end.  There were three chairs, however, and in front of the fourth placesetting, a type of furnishing I had never before seen.
  It consisted of a small upholstered cushion set on a very low bench with short wooden rails that were about two to three feet above the level of the cushion.  Its purpose and function became clear to us as Ann and I wer
e directed to our seats, and Ronald took his.  For her part, Gloria knelt on the cushion, and I saw that she was to eat her meal in this kneeling position.  Neither Ann nor I made any comment about this.

	Ronald, for at least the first part of the dinner took charge of steering the conversation from one innocuous topic to another.  He tried to draw me out about my business, but I merely left it as "investments" without mo
re explanation.  Ronald told me that he had been trained as a physician, but that like me, he had found the day to day grind not to be as rewarding as he had hoped.  Instead, he found himself more intrigued by the busines
s of medicine, so he founded a business that purchased patient receivables from his client practitioners for a 20 % discount, and he used his staff to complete forms, handle the paperwork and collect the full fee.

	Finally, at the end of dinner, Ronald addressed what was really on our minds:  "You want to know about Davenport."

	Ann and I exchanged glances and nodded encouragement for Ronald to continue.

	"It's not something for which we want public attention or scrutiny.  In fact public attention is the antithesis of the Davenport concept" he explained.

	"Initially, when Gloria told me that you were asking questions about Davenport, I wondered what raised the subject with you.  Then Gloria explained how it was that you happened to see her "D" and all that you were doing
during that ostensible workout, so I concluded that we should meet and I would have a better idea whether Davenport is something that we could not share with everybody."

	"Now that we have gotten to know you a bit better, I don't mind introducing the concept of Davenport to you."

	Ann and I were both very curious know about just what Davenport was.  Ronald explained:  "Davenport is both a name and a concept.  'Davenport' is the name of an estate our group purchased in the upper Adirondack mountain
s.  There is a compound consisting of a main hall, a detached servants quarter and associated buildings."

	That did not tell us much, but Ronald continued:  "Davenport was purchased six  years ago by a group of likeminded people.  I was part of that initial purchasing group.  After we completed the renovations, we then hired
our administrator to run Davenport."

	He went on: "You see Davenport is the place where we send those who are to be in-service to us for training and skills development.  We have the highest quality people who work at Davenport and they know just how to trai
n their wards to be all the more exciting and stimulating."

	"I sent Gloria there only last month and she has returned from Davenport all the more compliant and suited to my expectations.  And the "D" you noticed, well that is the only sort of graduation degree we give to our stud
ents."

	"By the way" Ronald explained, " the fee for a six week schedule . . . and I would venture that for someone in your position they would charge $25,000 or so.  The only problem would be if you wanted to watch Ann's traini
ng, for which you would have to pay an additional $5,000 so that things could be set up so that you could observe her training without being a source of distraction."

	"In many ways, it is the re-education of one partner to find new and different ways to please the other party to the relationship.  It operates by stripping away barriers to communication and other inhibiting qualities.
 The graduates of Davenport are taught that their gift is the ability to listen to and to obey their partners with enthusiasm  and inspiration.  I'll show you what I mean."

	At that Richard took a banana that was in a bowl of fruit that was on the dining room table and told Gloria to "use it."  Without further direction or prodding, Gloria took the banana and insinuated it between her legs.
 She then bunched up her dress to show that the banana, to the extent of at least a third, was now impaled within her.

	That bit of show and tell was the end of our discussion that evening concerning Davenport.  As Ann and I bade Gloria and Ronald farewell, we both knew, without ever giving voice to the thought, that Ann would be going to
 Davenport.

	Davenport - December 1988 - January 1989

	"I want to go to Davenport" Ann acknowledged without being asked
as we returned to our apartment from Ronald and Gloria's.

	"I know.  I'll pursue it." I answered.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
If you reply to this message, your message WILL be *automatically* anonymized
and you are allocated an anon id. Read the help file to prevent this.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.

========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Captured by Ann 26/28
From: an138364@anon.penet.fi
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 1995 20:21:20 UTC

	 After checking with Ronald by telephone the next day, I found out that the next step was to arrange for an interview with the Administrator of Davenport.  Ronald expedited the arrangements for that interview which were
to be conducted at Davenport's New York City office the following week.  The Administrator called and gave me a brief set of instructions.

	The interview was to be conducted at 4:00 p.m. on a Thursday.  The preceding Tuesday Ann was to present herself for a physical examination at a Park Avenue internist.  If there were a health problem detected, I was told,
 Ann would not be accepted.

	Ann and I arrived at the designated office for the interview at the appointed hour.  Ann had taken care in selecting her dress for the interview.  She wore a short black skirt which, as she strode, revealed the tops of h
er stockings and the garters holding them in place.  Ann's blouse was made of white satin and, quite naturally, she was braless.  As I helped her on with her fur, I complimented her on how beautiful she looked.

	Davenport's New York offices were in the ground floor of an east- side townhouse.  The door was answered by a severe looking woman who promptly ushered us in to an interior room.  There a man of about fifty rose to greet
 me and, ignoring Ann, motioned for me to sit in a small couch. He had introduced himself saying that he was the Administrator of Davenport.   Ann sat next to me.

	The Administrator took a seat in a wingback chair near the couch.  At that point a stunning young woman entered the room and asked me, but not Ann, if I wanted any refreshments.  I declined.  The woman then nodded and kn
elt on the floor next to the Administrator.  I studied her appearance.  She had long, lustrous blonde hair that seemed to be her natural color.  She was wearing a one piece black knit legging-type outfit under which there
 was no hint of underwear.  The Administrator seemed to absent-mindedly run right hand through her hair, as if he were petting a cat, while he reviewed a file.

	The Administrator looked up and spoke:  "Well everything seems to be in order, you are well recommended, her health is excellent, she may well be a good candidate for Davenport."
	"What exactly will happen at Davenport?" I asked.

	"I prefer to speak generally and that for several reasons.  First, the regime is flexible, we look to acheive our goals through measures and exercises that are suited for each candidate.  Second, there is an element of s
urprise, or confronting the unexpected, that is important, so I don't think it wise to provide advance notice to our candidates as to what they will experience.  Suffice it to say that over the years we have developed pro
grams which are designed to instil and reinforce in our graduates the skills, techniques and perceptions which will render them highly able to be of complete and satisfying service to their sponsors."

	The Administrator continued. "There are some standards that are individualized which I will discuss with you outside of the candidate's presence so that I can have your preferences respected and incorporated into the can
didate's training."

	As the Administrator went on to describe some of the logistical and timing issues I looked down at the blonde kneeling at the Administrator's feet.  She seemed to be staring directly accross towards Ann who was next to m
e.  As I followed the direction of her gaze it was clear that she was focussed directly between Ann's legs.  Ann, I am sure, noticed this too, as she sat with her legs spread apart just enough to provide an unobstructed v
iew.

	The Administrator undertook to speak with me about some of the issues which we needed to resolve in private.  "Chloe, take the candidate out to the hallway as I wish to confer in private" he instructed the blonde.  Chloe
 rose as did Ann and the two women exited the room in silence.

	"What are the areas in which improvement is needed?" he asked.

	"Actually, I am not sure there are any that I can identify" I replied.

	"Well let me inquire as to certain issues which come up which will bear on her training and our arrangements.  Do you want to join us at Davenport and observe her instruction?"

	"I hope to."

	"That can be accomodated, of course you will have no contact with the candidate during her stay.  You will find our accomodations quite comfortable for you and we can attend to your needs, but we have special training ro
oms and observation positions so that you can see what we do, but the candidate will not be aware of your presence."

	"How do you feel about the candidate relating to other people?"

	"What do you mean?" I asked.

	"Part of our training requires that the candidate better learn how to service you and your designees.  Do you object to her being used by our staff and trainers--everyone is quite carefully screened medically."

	"Other women have never been an issue for me, but it is only rarely that I have shared her with other men."

	"I think you will find that it is wise to give us latitude in that respect, and in that regard it will probably be most constructive that you are in attendance so that if you wish to emphasize or de- emphasize an aspect
of her training, you can advise us accordingly."

	The Administrator turned to a new subject. "Do you have any grooming preferences, do you want her to be shaved, do you want any adornments, body art, jewelry or piercings effected?"

	"She already shaves, but actually I am glad you raised that subject because I would have if you hadn't.  I saw that you pierced the nipple of one of the people who attended Davenport.  I don't want her pierced there, or
anywhere else for that matter."

	"That's certainly your prerogative."

	"Now, as to schedule and fees.  We can pick up the candidate as early as tomorrow and we will return her in about six weeks.  It is desirable that she not be menstruating during the first week to ten days of the training
 period."

	"Tomorrow maybe too soon.  I think we should wait another twenty-four hours.  She finished her period last week so I know that is not an issue."

	"Our fee will be $5,000 a week for the candidate and an additional $500 a day for each day that you spend with us.  If the candidate completes her course satisfactorily, you will be given the opportunity to join our soci
ety for an annual fee of $10,000.  We'll explain what that entails if it becomes appropriate."

	I took my checkbook out and asked if an initial payment of $30,000 on account would suffice and I was assured that it was.  I was told to make the check payable to the Davenport Society.

	"We will send a limousine to pick up the candidate at 9:00 a.m. on Saturday morning then.  She is to bring nothing with her, no jewelry, no toiletries, no books or personal effects, nothing.  Have her come to the limousi
ne with no clothes on except she may wear an outer garment, a coat."

	"Fine.  I'll see to that." I answered.  "What about me.  How will I get there?"

	"Our driver will provide you with the details when he picks up the candidate.   Of course, you are welcome to bring anything you want with you when you come to Davenport, although I can assure you that we are well equipp
ed to attend to all your needs while you are with us and I am sure that you will find your visit to be interesting and rewarding."

	"Will I be seeing you when I am at Davenport?"

	"Yes, I will be there, and if you have any questions or any issues, we will be happy to resolve them for you."

	At that the Administrator stood and walked me to the hall where
Ann and Chloe were standing and waiting.  I motioned for Ann to join me
and we walked out together.  I asked Ann what Chloe had to say and Ann
replied that
they did not speak.  Evidently, the whole time we were in Davenport's
New York offices, Ann had not said a word.  I explained to Ann what the
timetable would be for the next days.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
If you reply to this message, your message WILL be *automatically* anonymized
and you are allocated an anon id. Read the help file to prevent this.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.

========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Captured by Ann 27/28
From: an138364@anon.penet.fi
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 1995 20:22:30 UTC

	Ann and I spent the next day making arrangements for us to be away for the better part of the next two months.  Ann's plans for a New Year's Eve party were cancelled.  We speculated together about just what Ann's trip to
 Davenport had in store, but we really did not know.  Over dinner I told Ann that if she had the slightest misgivings about Davenport, we could forego or postpone the whole thing.  Ann acknowledged that she was a little u
ncertain about what to expect and that she was nervous, but all the same, she insisted, she was determined to make the trip.

	Saturday morning was overcast and chilly.  I had packed a bag with some necessities for myself, but following instructions, Ann planned to take nothing with her.  At 9:00 a.m. the doorman called up to announce that the l
imousine had arrived.  While I gathered up the items I wished to bring, Ann stepped out of the jeans and shirt she had been wearing, removed her bra and panties and put on a warm down coat--her only apparel.  We rode down
 the elevator in silence together.  A long black stretch limousine with heavily tinted glass was waiting for us.  The uniformed driver gestured at Ann and asked me if that was the candidate.  I nodded yes.  Opening the re
ar door, he gestured for Ann to step inside.  Then, after Ann had entered the cavernous rear of the limousine, the driver leaned inside and after exchanging a few words with Ann, the driver reached in and handed Ann somet
hing whose nature I could not discern but which was fashioned from a  brown fabric, and the extended his arm and accepted Ann's coat.  After closing the door, the driver folded the coat and placed it in the trunk.  The dr
iver then approached me.

	"You can ride with me, up front if you like."

	"I'd just as soon ride in the back with Ann."

	"I'm afraid that's not allowed" was the polite reply.

	I handed the driver my bag which was also placed in the trunk and then I sat next to the driver in the front of the limousine.  When I entered the car I looked to exchange a few words with Ann.  That too was not possible
.  The rear compartment of the limousine was enclosed in a tinted glass which was not penetrable from the outside.  From within the limousine, I could look into the back which had obviously been built to custom order.  Th
ere was no seat in the back.  Rather, there was Ann seated on a carpeted floor area.  With her coat now in the trunk, she was totally naked except that her head was in a loosely fitting sack made from, what appeared to me
, burlap and I could tell that she was trying to find a comfortable position.  There was a glass partition between the front and the rear of the car which was soundproof and which, the driver told me, did not permit the p
assenger in the rear from seeing into the front of the limousine.

	As we navigated the city streets, the car bounced and bumped in accord with the rough pavement.  From time to time, I watched Ann seated on the hard floor of the rear of the limousine and saw each of the bumps and jarrin
g shocks of the streets translated into  shakes and bobbles in Ann's flesh.

	The driver and I did not converse much during the trip north.  At several  points the driver asked if I wanted to stop to get a bite or make use of a bathroom.  When we were just north of Albany, I took him up on the inv
itation and, after relieving myself, bought a soft drink.  When I indicated that I thought we might give Ann the same opportunity, the driver politely told me that that would be inconsistent with his instructions.  I do n
ot know what would have happened if I insisted.

	We departed the highway near Warrensburg, New York and spent about an additional hour tracing our way through smaller rural roads.  Finally, our driver turned off a public road and onto a private road which was marked on
ly by a "Private Property - No Trespassing" sign.  	After travelling about three quarters of a mile, on this private road, we reached a fenced enclosure interrupted by a gate with an attendant at the gatehouse.  After pee
ring inside and recognizing the driver, we proceeded about another half mile or so where in a cleared area, now snow-covered, I saw a magnificent stone mansion with two smaller buildings nearby.

	The driver pulled up in front of the main building and with the words, "Welcome to Davenport" confirmed what I already knew.  The driver took my bag from the trunk and ushered me inside.  Anticipating my next question, h
e told me that he would be bringing the candidate to her destination shortly.

	Upon entering the building, I found myself in a central hall.  The marble floor had a black and white checkered pattern.  There were stairways both to the right and the left, and I saw that there was a great, vaulted ope
n space in the middle of the building with rooms opening off interior balconies on each of the three floors.  Within less than a minute, I saw the Administrator stride toward me from one of the first floor rooms  as our d
river excused himself to complete his tasks.

	The Administrator was wearing what looked like a cross between a cape and a robe.  It was buttoned at the neck and fastened to below the knee.  It seemed to be made of a dark midnight-blue fabric.

	"Robert" the Administrator said, "I am sure that you could use a little refreshment after your trip.  I have taken the liberty of having something sent up to your room.  May I show you where you will be staying and while
 you have a chance to refresh yourself, I will explain to you how things are arranged here?"

	"That would be fine" I said.

	"You can leave your bag there, it will be brought up right away."

	I followed the Administrator into a small elevator, barely large enough for the two of us and rode with him to the third floor.  The Administrator pointed me to a doorway which opened up to a small foyer with two rooms o
n either side.  These, I was told, were to be my accomodations while at Davenport.  There was a bedroom and a sitting room with a bath off the bedroom.  The furnishings were sumptuous.

	On a small table in the sitting room was a plate of assorted sandwiches, a bowl of fruit, an assortment of soft drinks, as well as a pot of coffee and tea.  The Administrator motioned for me to help myself.  As I picked
at the food (which was well prepared) the Administrator provided me with an introduction to Davenport.

	"Robert, and I am calling you Robert because we go by first names here so as to respect our privacy concerns, my name is Charles, but everyone has gotten in the habit of calling me the Administrator.  I know you will fin
d your stay here very interesting.

	"Right now, your candidate is being introduced to some of our procedures.  Shortly you will be given the chance to observe the initial stages of her training.  Your candidate is one of two to arrive today.  Four arrived
yesterday, so we will have a full complement over the next few weeks.  Two are male and four are female."

	I was a little surprised by the Administrator's comments as I had not anticipated either that Ann would be part of a larger group or that there would be males being part of the program.

	"Of the six candidates in training only three have their sponsors staying with us.  In addition to yourself, there is Gavin and Louise.  They are staying nearby on this floor and I am sure you will be meeting them before
 too long."

	"You will find that we have left a number of robes for you, like mine, in your closet.  We encourage you to wear them while you are here, you will find them comfortable and convenient."

	Just at that point there was a knock at the door.  I rose to open the door but the Administrator called: "Enter."  The door opened and there, carrying my bag, was a stunning, blonde haired, young woman in her mid-twentie
s.  She was wearing a dark blue cape, of the same material as the Administrator's, but with one significant difference.  It was fastened only at the neck, and with each step or stride that was made, the cape opened to rev
eal that it alone was the only garment being worn.

	 "May I unpack this for you?"  I was asked.

	I nodded my assent and then the Administrator explained.  "Carol
here completed her training at Davenport two years ago.  Many of the
sponsors find it useful to send their graduates back here periodically
for updates and refreshers and to learn new approaches and techniques
from time to time.  We encourage this as we find it to our mutual
benefit as we can use these graduates, like Carol, to provide staffing
and support for the sponsors like you who elect to stay with us.  Carol
will be available for you for the first days of your stay with us."

	Carol had completed her job of unpacking the bag I had brought
with me.  At that point she unfastened the cape which was clasped at
her neck and then spread that cape out in a circular array on the floor
to my right.  Then without further comment, she sat on the floor, with
her legs together and shifted to one side, in the middle of the cape.
The effect was spectacular.  It was if she were a flower, set off
against the blue background of the cape.  Her figure was trim with just
enough curve and softness to convey a sense of lushness; her blonde
hair shone lustrous and shoulder length.  I knew that I would examine
it more closely later.

	The Administrator continued: "The primary purpose of your stay
with us is for you to observe the training of your candidate.  You will
see that the residence and training facilities for the candidates all
have observation vantages for you, mostly through the use of one-way
mirrors or similar arrangements.  Carol will show you how things work.
For the balance of this afternoon, I suggest that you let Carol assist
you in getting to know your way around Davenport.  We dine together
here at eight and this evening, now that our class of candidates is
complete, we will introduce them to our guests and our staff.  That
will be after dinner.  Now if there is anything that you need, please
let Carol or one of the other staff or me know and we will do our best
to oblige."

	I thanked the Administrator for his explanation and his
courtesies.  Carol remained behind after the administrator left.
"Would you like me to draw a warm bath for you?" Carol inquired.

	I nodded my assent and she rose to attend to that chore.  After
about five minutes, she emerged from the bathroom.

	"Your tub is ready" she said "please allow me to help you."

	Carol approached me and was evidently looking from me for some
signal as to what I expected her to do.  Having no special comment from
me, she knelt in front of me and unlaced my shoes.  It was apparent to
me that she was planning on undressing me for the bath.  I appreciated
this level of service.

	As Carol pursued this chore, I took a moment to study her figure
more closely.  Like but unlike the case with Gloria, Carol's right
nipple was pierced with a ring from which the letter "D" was suspended.
 Carol's nipples, like the areolae around them were a very light pink.
Carol's nipple adornment differed from Gloria in that the guage of the
ring was much finer and the "D" itself, more delicate.  Carol's skin
seemed to gleam like alabaster.  Carol too showed no sign of body hair.
 Her breasts seemed to be firm and dense and, while not large, not too
small either.

	I followed Carol into the bathroom and stepped into the tub.
Carol kneeled by the side of the tub and placed a towel which was
folded over behind my head to serve as a cushion and rest.  I lay back
and enjoyed the sooth
ing and relaxing sensations of the warm bath.  Carol wanted to see to
it that the bath would serve other functions and taking a bar of soap
in hand, proceeded to lather and wash me thoroughly.  Through
half-lidded eyes, I
 gave her a smile as I felt her fingers caress and clean me thoroughly
in all areas.
	After about fifteen minutes, I indicated that the water was now
cooling off and I was ready to step out of the bath.  Carol asked me if
I wanted her to add more hot water to the bath and I told her that I
was ready to dr
y off.  Carol placed a towel on the floor of the bathroom to the side
of the tub and invited me to stand on it while she dried me off.
Carol worked assiduously to dry me off.  Using fluffy white towels, she
patted and rubbed my near dry.  Then, using her hands as guides, she
prompted me to widen my stance and using a  hand towel, dried me off
between my
legs and thighs.  Her ministrations had an inevitable effect and I
found myself presenting her with my erection.

	Carol promptly slipped to her knees and engulfed me in her warm
mouth.  Reaching behind me she clutched my bottom in her hands and drew
me into her mouth and beyond.  Her movements were slow and deliberate,
but she had t
he ability and skill to capture me entirely.  As she leaned forward and
into me, her lips came flush with my lower abdomen.  The sensation was
exquisite and I was in no way able to protract the experience.  I felt
myself
release at the back of her throat and from her pleased smile, I knew
that Carol was delighted with what she had acheived.  Slowly, Carol
allowed me to withdraw, all the while circling me with her tongue.
When I emerged f
rom her mouth I was totally spent, and the product of my explosion
nowhere to be seen as it was totally consumed by Carol.

	Carol invited me to join her on a quick tour of Davenport's
facilities.  She lead me to the closet where there were several robes
for me to select.  She assisted me in donning a robe much like the one
the Administrator h
ad worn.  I also found fleece lined ankle high boots to wear that I put
on.  The clothing was quite comfortable.  Carol also refastened her
cape at her neck.  Refreshed, we left my rooms as I followed Carol on
the tour of Davenport which had been promised.




----------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
If you reply to this message, your message WILL be *automatically* anonymized
and you are allocated an anon id. Read the help file to prevent this.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.

========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Captured by Ann 28/28
From: an138364@anon.penet.fi
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 1995 20:26:29 UTC

     The first part of my tour was in the main house.  We walked down
the flights of stairs to the ground floor.  Carol explained that the
second and third floor were used primarily as guest residence
facilities with some administrative office functions on the second
floor.  The public rooms were at ground level. Carol showed me a grand
dining room where meals were to be taken.  I saw that the staff were
arranging the china and silver for dinner.  The staff all seemed to be
wearing the same type of cape that Carol was.  I noticed two males and
one female busy at work, but I did not have a chance to  observe them
more closely.

     Carol took me next to what she described as a meeting room.  This
dark, panelled room had an oversize stone fireplace at one end, with a
roaring,crackling fire in progress.  The very large room was strewn
with stuffed armchairs, couches, and other comfortable looking chairs
all arrayed in a series of rows arranged like concentric semi-circles
and facing an area just in front of the fireplace.  Carol told me that
the new candidates would be presented in that room later that evening.

     I asked Carol where the candidates were staying and she told me
that they were in the first outbuilding and that if I liked she would
take me to see what was going on there.  I gestured that we should go.

     Carol lead me from the entry area of the main house through a
passageway which connected us to a side entrance into yet another
narrow passageway of a second building.  After clambering up a small
ladder, I found myself in a small observation post with a small window
and a tall chair in front of that window.  It was not until I sat in
that chair that I had the vantage to see through that window.

     The window, which turned out to be the back of a one-way mirror,
provided me with a view,  about ten feet off the ground, of a very
large well-lit room.  Within that room, I saw a number of people
including Ann.  The room was roughly finished,  there were plain,
unpainted wood walls.  About half of this room was covered with straw
that was at least one foot high.  At a far end of the room was a
shallow trough, finished in porcelain, that had a constant stream of
water entering at one end and draining at the other.

     Carol flipped a switch and suddenly the amplified voices of those
in the room I was watching became audible to me.  Evidently some sort
of indoctrination to Davenport's rules and procedures was being given.
As I studied the room more closely, I saw that there was a group of six
nude people, four women and two men, standing in a small group around a
short, stocky man wearing a robe like mine who was accompanied by a
tall woman with fiery red hair, also wearing a similar robe.  It was
the man who was doing the talking:

     "Now, as I've told you, for the first days here, you are not to
think.
Simply follow the rules carefully and precisely and things will go
well.  Later on in
the program you'll be given a context in which to think and we will
show you how
to channel your initiative, but for right now, the beginning and end of
your
consciousness should be to follow the rules."

     "This room, we call it the stall area, is where you will be living
for your first days here at Davenport.  You will take your meals here.
You will sleep here.  You will wash here and you will bathe here."

     "You are not to speak to each other and you are to speak only in
response to a question or command that anyone else here--other than a
fellow candidate--gives to you.  You are going to remain unclothed.
You are to have no modesty."

     "Now we know that you will find this experience to be sexually
stimulating. We expect that.  But here too there are rules.  You as
candidates are absolutely forbidden from having any contact of a sexual
nature with each other.  If you find yourself desirous of attaining
some relief, then there is only one outlet.  You may pleasure yourself.
 However, if you are to do so, it must be in this room and you
must alert your fellow candidates to what you intend."

     I was finding this statement of rules and procedures to be
fascinating.  As I watched and listened, I realized that Carol had once
again assumed her supplicant's position as she had spread her cape and
was sitting on it, totally nude, right next to me.  My attention,
however, was concentrated on the proceedings in the room below.

     "You may wonder how you will notify your fellow candidates of your
intention to pleasure yourself because, as you know, you are not to
speak to each other.  You ring that bell over there."  The instructor
pointed to  a large bell that was suspended over one of the rafters.
"Now whenever any of you hear that bell" the instructor continued, "you
are to all gather round and watch your compatriot tending to his or her
pleasure.  You are not to assist in any way.  And if you are moved by
what you see to want to do the same, you ring the bell and
everyone else will watch you."

     "Now we are going to leave you all for a short while and then we
will be back in an hour to instruct you in your preparations for your
exhibition this evening."  With that the instructor and the woman in
his company left the room.

     I decided to linger a bit in my perch and take a survey of the six
candidates.  Evidently they were doing the same thing as they silently
communicated with each other through gesture and facial expression.

     The six candidates were diverse.  Ann was plainly the oldest
candidate.  In
my estimation, she, my wife in fact, was the prettiest as well.  I took
a visual
census of the other candidates.

     One of the females seemed to be Hispanic and appeared to be in her
early
twenties.  She had wavy, very dark hair and a rich dark skin color.
She was not
too tall, about 5'3" or so and had a trim, lean figure.  A second
female was a little
older, about mid-thirties.  She had a rounder, lusher figure and was
probably a
little overweight.  Her breasts were full although not too large, and
she had a
profuse abundance of pubic hair that grew in a dense, dark tangle.  The
other
female was a tall, dark haired girl in her mid-twenties.  She had a
slim figure, her
pubic area was neatly trimmed and the hair on her head was also
closely-cropped.  She had a tatoo of a snake curling around her right
arm above her
elbow.

     The two males stood to one side together.  Both seemed to be in
their
twenties and both gave every appearance of being in great physical
shape.  One
had blond hair and the other dark, curly hair.  The blond fellow also
seemed to be
in a constant state of arousal, as his cock jutted out and projected
horizontally in
front of him.

     I could tell by looking at Ann that she was uncomfortable.  She
seemed to
be looking around her surroundings in search of something and she was
trying
to convey something to her compatriots through gestures that did not
mean
anything to me immediately.  Finally, Ann took action which made what
she had
been doing clear.  She walked over to the trough at the far end of the
room, and,
squatting over it, relieved herself in it.  Evidently, the candidates
had not had the
opportunity for some time to tend to this necessary function, because
Ann's
initiative in this respect initiated a procession of the other
candidates to the
trough where each, in turn, and in full view of the others relieved
their bladders.

     Having satisfied my curiousity as to what Ann was doing, I told
Carol that I
was ready to move on.  Carol said that was fine as it was getting near
time for
dinner and that she would escort me to the dining room.

     We found our way back to the main house, and I saw a knot of
people
standing near the entrance to the dining room.  I recognized the
Administrator
and he motioned for me to join him.  I also recognized Chloe from the
interview
with the Administrator in Manhattan.  Like Carol, she was wearing the
cape which
fastened at the neck.  She was standing to the Administrator's right
and just
slightly behind him.

     "Robert" the Administrator said "I'd like you to meet Gavin and
Louise.
They like you are here to watch their candidate's training."

     I shook hands and exchanged greetings with Gavin and Louise.  They
were
both my contemporaries age wise, but I could tell from their accents
that they
were not from New York, at least originally.  Gavin spoke with a
distinct British
accent and Louise had a pronounced Southern drawl.  They were each
wearing
the same type of robes as I was.  Also standing at each of their elbows
was a
person wearing the cape which I now had come to gather was de rigeur
for the
graduates of Davenport who were on duty.  Next to Gavin was a
light-skinned
black woman.  I took note of her very short hair and red lipstick.  At
Louise's side
was a tall male, in his late twenties.  No one addressed these
attendants and all
conversation was among the sponsors and the Administrator.

     The Administrator suggested that we go in to the dining room for
dinner.
When we did, I noticed that there were placecards indicating where each
of the
sponsors should sit.  There were also places for the attendants, but
instead of
chairs for each of them, there was the very same type of kneeling bench
that I
first saw at Ronald and Gloria's.  As we walked in to the dining room,
I saw that
the capes were all designed and fastened in such a way that as those
wearing it
moved, they fell open to the side providing a glimpse of the otherwise
naked
bodies of the attendants.

     Dinner was, for all the unusualness of the setting, rather
straightforward.
Table conversation was bland and anonymous as we each shared a
preference
for not providing each other with too much in the way of biographical
information.  The attendants did not speak.

     After dinner we were urged by the Administrator to go to the
meeting room,
as the candidates were to be brought before us.  Our attendants led us
to the
meeting room and made sure that we were all seated comfortably in one
of the
stuffed armchairs.  Then each of the attendants spread their capes in
front of
where we were seated and then knelt on these capes at our feet.  The
Administrator stepped to the center of the room and spoke.

     "My friends" he said. "We are going to be bringing in our new
candidates
for review by you shortly.  This is the first phase of their training.
You will
understand our objective shortly, but we can talk about it later."

     As the Administrator finished speaking we all heard in the
distance a very
odd series of sounds.  There were thumps, jangles, and even the sound
of small
bells.  The noises, which I could not interpret, continued and seemed
to increase
in volume and proximity.  Then, as the pair of doors to our room swung
open, we
saw the entrance that the candidates were making.

     The candidates were divided to two groups and were on all fours,
each
group tethered together and pulling what looked like two chariots.  The
two men
pulled a chariot with the red-haired trainer I first saw in the second
building.
The four women were likewise entrained and were pulling a chariot with
the other
trainer.

     The chariot with the male candidates passed by me first.  I
noticed that the
leather harnesses that passed over these candidates had in some places
the
small bells which accounted for the jingling noise I had heard.  The
candidates
proceeded in front of me on all fours.  I observed that their legs were
encumbered
by a special brace which kept their legs in a flexed position by
tethering their
ankles to the back of their thighs by a foot long strap.  Their knees
were covered
with a thick pad.  In this way they were unable to stand and could only
proceed
on their hands and knees.  They also were impaled with a form of butt
plug to
which was fastened a streamer of leather strips.  In effect and
appearance, these
were like horse or ponytails which were twitching back and forth with
each stride.

     Following this chariot was the one being pulled by the female
candidates.
Ann was in the second rank next to the other girl in her thirties.  The
two younger
candidates were in the front.  Like the men, the women were tethered
together
and wore the same type of leg braces which prevented them from
standing.  Each
wore a type of headgear which was topped with feathered plumes, much as
one
might have imagined other ponies to have been decorated when they were
paraded on display.  Again like the men, the women were fitted with
"tails" except
that in the case of the women, the "tail" material was affixed to a
small strap that
connected two gleaming metal probes which had been inserted into each
of the
girl's anal and vaginal openings.  The girls seemed to be proceeding a
little
gingerly as they towed their chariot toward the front of the room.  I
watched Ann
closely as she strained a little against her burden and I observed that
if she did
not maintain her posture she ran the risk, owing to the profound size
of her
breasts,  of scraping them along the ground as she crawled forward.

     The two chariots were guided to corresponding resting places on
each side
of where the Administrator stood at the front of the room.  I was quite
surprised
by what then ensued.  Without warning I heard Ann let out a sharp yelp
indicating
obvious pain.  I looked to see what it was that caused it, but noticed
simply that
Ann had fallen to one side and seemed to be clutching her abdomen.  It
was also
becoming evident to all that this was not part of anyone's script.  I
rushed to
Ann's side and saw that she was in serious agony.

     At my insistence, we disentangled Ann from her accoutrements and
drove
her to the nearest hospital, which was in Lake Placid.  There Ann was
examined
and then given some medicine to relieve her pain, which was waxing and
waning.
Within a few hours the diagnosis of kidney stones had been made.  After
getting
the recommendations from the local staff and after conferring with my
internist
as well as a telephone consultation with Justine, we decided to
transfer Ann to
New York Hospital for treatment where, it was hoped, the kidney stones
would be
shattered by the focused delivery of sound waves in a relatively new
device.  If
that did not work, surgery would be the alternative.

     Ann's stay at New York Hospital was brief and successful.  Within
36 hours
Ann had been treated, the stones were shattered and passed, and Ann was
given
some guidance on how she could avoid, or at least minimize the chance
of
recurrence.  I was delighted when Ann's doctor told us that Ann would
be
released from the hospital after his visit the next morning (Saturday)
at around
7:00 a.m.

     I was sitting next to Ann's bed in the private room I had arranged
for her
later that Friday afternoon when we took a moment to reflect on the
whirlwind
events of the past few days.

     "I'm glad that you are feeling better now, I was really upset when
I saw how
much pain you were in."  I said.

     "I never experienced anything like that" Ann added.  "Well I guess
we'll go
back to Davenport" she continued.

     "I don't think so" I said.  "I think the impetus of the moment has
passed
and I'd just as soon we left that part alone" I concluded.

     Ann's gaze assured me that my preference in that regard sat well
with her
too.


     Hospital Interlude

          Towards the end of the day, one of the residents appeared at
the
door to Ann's room with a crew of four medical students in tow.

          "Glad to see that you're doing much better" he said as he
flipped
through Ann's chart.  "If you don't mind, I'd like to give these
second-year
students a chance to practice some of their physical examination
skills."

          "Why not?"  Ann said, "but I want my husband to stay."

          The resident nodded to the first student, a young asian woman
who
first closed the door to the room and then approached Ann.  With
seeming
competence, she took Ann's blood pressure, examined her eyes, ears and
throat,
listened to her heart and lungs and palpated her abdomen.  The whole
procedure
took about five minutes and the resident only interjected a few
comments along
the way.

          The second student, a mature looking young man was just
slightly
less proficient, which was evident in his need to reinflate the blood
pressure cuff
several times before he was satisfied that he had an accurate reading.

          Disaster, of sorts, struck for the third student.  This
doctor-in-training was a young looking male who did not project any
sense of confidence. At the point where he stepped behind where Ann was
seated in bed, to listen to her lungs with his stethoscope, he, like
the others before him, unfastened the draw string at the top of Ann's
hospital issue nightgown so that he would have access to her back.
Unlike what had preceded him, in his clumsiness he knocked
the gown off her shoulders, so that it fell around her waist, leaving
Ann seated there with her bare breasts exposed to the entire group.
Ann made no move to adjust her situation, and as I surveyed the room,
it was  obvious to me that all took notice of Ann's impressive
dimensions.  The young student was mortified by his gaffe and succeeded
only in making things worse as he reached around to lift
up the fallen nightgown and managed only to quite conspicuously seem to
grab Ann's left breast.  I recognized a familiar glint in Ann's eyes
and I knew that her
exhibitionist tendencies were being stimulated by her predicament.

          Finally, the young student managed to compose himself and
complete his examination.  The fourth student, a young woman, managed
also to
professionally complete the routine exam.

          When the students were finished the resident thanked Ann for
her
cooperation and asked if she would mind helping a little further by
allowing his
students to do an internal exam.  I thought that Ann would not wish to
submit to
this indignity so many times, but Ann was quick to indicate her
willingness to
cooperate.  The resident proceeded to drape the end of Ann's bed and to
place
her feet in the stirrups.  I stepped to the rear of the room and
watched as how,
with her legs now splayed apart, Ann was open to the view of the
resident and his
charges.  Ann's shaving habits were also evident.  I watched as the
resident donned his gloves and after applying some sort of sterile
lubricant, inserted his digits and identified for his students the
different anatomical structures that were evident to him.  Each of the
three students followed in turn and, thankfully, there were no other
mishaps.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
If you reply to this message, your message WILL be *automatically* anonymized
and you are allocated an anon id. Read the help file to prevent this.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.

========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Captured by Ann 13/28 (correct version)
From: an138364@anon.penet.fi
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 1995 20:43:44 UTC

Vacances

	Sharon and Ann turned out to become good friends as Sharon started her legal career with us.  I was happy that there was no jealousy between them.  Indeed I was fortunate that none of my employees had strained relations
with the others.  In fact, Jodi and Allie were sharing an apartment with each other and Maria was a frequent overnight visitor when she did not feel like going home to her apartment in Queens and would rather spend the ni
ght in the city.

	I decided that I wanted to take a vacation and raised with Ann the thought that we might go away together for a week or so around Labor Day.  I thought it important to include Ann for several reasons.  First, my attentio
n had been diverted pretty much among all the people working with me and I sensed that she thought she might be losing her confidence in the primacy of her relation with me.  Second, I had become more assertive relative t
o Ann, directing her more forcefully to accommodate me and really not paying much attention to her sensibilities.  Third, in fact I liked her very much and cared for her too.

	I realized that the South of France was ideal for vacation late in the Summer and after checking with our travel agent, I booked a suite at the Hotel du Cap in Cap d'Antibes for the week around Labor Day.

	Ann, as I anticipated was quite thrilled with the notion of "our" vacation.  In the week before we were scheduled to go, Ann told me that she was going to go out to Vanities to pick up some items to round up her wardrobe
 for the trip.  I decided to go along for the show.  In the car ride out, I asked Ann whether she was sure that no one else at the store, knew about my viewing room. Ann reminded me that the only entrance was from the rea
r of the store and that those who worked in the shop only came in from the front entrance.  Ann asked me if I wanted to go shopping with her, I told her that I would try and enjoy a few hours watching the goings on at Van
ities.  Ann dropped me in the back of the store and I made my way to my perch.

	I was not expecting too much activity, because it was the end of the summer so I thought that most of our swimsuit business was over.  In fact the first one in to the dressing room was Ann.  I watched as she tried on two
 bikinis and two one-piece suits.  One was particularly sexy as its side were cut away from the side and the fullness of her breasts were exposed.  Ann made her selections and my attention turned to two of the other rooms
 which were now occupied.  In one of them was a familiar face.  One of the local network affiliate  newscasters was in trying on a one piece bathing suit.  In the process, I was given a view of her really outstanding body
.  At one point she stuck her head out of the door and evidently invited a companion in to express an opinion.  Her companion also had picked out some items to try on and so the two spent a few minutes in that crowded roo
m taking off and putting on different items.  Soon enough, Ann let herself in to the room and we decided to get a bite to eat, see a movie and then head back to the city.

	On the evening of our departure we took a limousine to the Pan Am terminal at Kennedy for our non-stop flight to Nice, France.  It was a typical hot and humid late summer day and we were both dressed casually.  Ann was w
earing light slacks with a man's undershirt (not the T-shirt type) covered by a light nylon shell.  We had a little time to kill so we browsed the magazine racks and then had a drink in the first-class lounge.  Finally, o
ur departure was Announced and we made our way on to the plane.  There was a shriek. "Ann!"  "Debbie!"  Losing all composure, one of the flight attendants and Ann were embracing, jumping up and down and greeting each othe
r as if they were long, lost friends, which was exactly the case.

	Ann and Debbie it turned out had been roommates in college and then slowly fell out of touch.  Debbie and Ann spent a few minutes hurriedly catching up, I was introduced, and then Debbie had to busy herself getting every
one seated and the plane ready for take-off.  It wasn't until two hours later, after the meal service had been completed that Debbie and Ann were able to spend a few minutes together, reliving past adventures and catching
 up on what happened to this one or that and what was new in each other's lives.  Debbie was going to be laying over in Nice for two days and I invited Debbie to spend her free time with us at our hotel.  She was happy to
 accept.

	At that point the cabin lights were dimmed so that a movie could be shown.  I decided to make a point with Ann.  I leaned over to Ann and told her to take a blanket from the overhead bin and after she arranged it over he
r, to take off her nylon jacket.  Without her jacket, Ann would be an exceptional sight.  The scooped out armholes of the T-shirt bared a great abundance of her breasts--and the material of the shirt was so thin that what
ever wasn't bare was effectively so.

	At first I had Ann keep the blanket pulled up snug around her neck.  I then whispered to her:  "Ann, I want you to pretend you're asleep.  I will then have the blanket fall away and everyone else will have a view."  "If
that's what you want" was her reply.  After about ten minutes, Ann sort of moved in her seat and I surreptitiously tugged at her blanket and it fell away just slightly from one side.  Anyone looking would have seen the la
teral swell of one breast.  A few minutes later, I caused it to fall a bit further away.  Then, more of her breast was exposed.	I saw people pretending not to notice, but noticing anyway.

	 A little bit later, I told Ann to go the restroom and leave the blanket and jacket behind.  Ann did not hesitate for a second.  Heads turned as she bounced her way to the lavatory.  When she emerged, there was an audibl
e gasp as passengers saw Ann return to her seat.  For all intents and purposes she could have been totally topless.  Ann resumed her seat and Debbie, who saw all of this from the rear of the cabin, came over to her and as
ked out loud  for the benefit of those who were wondering what she was going to say, if anything, "Can I get you anything?"  Debbie then leaned over Ann and I heard her whisper "Same old Ann" and then I saw Debbie flick h
er tongue in Ann's ear--just for a second.  At that moment I was extra glad that I had invited Debbie to spend some time with us.

	I decided to play with the rest of the passengers for just a bit longer.  I told Ann  to pull the blanket over her again, and reaching under the blanket, I pulled her left breast completely to the side and out of the fab
ric of her undershirt.  As Ann pseudo-slept, I gently rearranged the blanket so that her breast was exposed from mid-nipple outward.  The passengers who were within our line of sight simply stared.  One of the women on th
e plane, however, seemed a little put off by what was going on and rather than foment a scene, I covered Ann up.  Later, I had Ann put on her jacket and we finished the flight conventionally.

	Nice was about 45 minutes from our hotel, and by the time we cleared customs, and collected our luggage and then drove to the hotel it was about 1:00p.m.  Hotel du Cap had lovely rooms, beautiful private grounds with lus
h lawns and tropical vegetation.  We settled in to our suite, took showers, ordered a bite from room service, and then decided to head over to the pool, which was set in a bluff just above the Mediterranean.  The attendan
t at the pool arranged two lounge chairs for us along the perimeter and we lay down to soak in the sun and catch up on the sleep we did not get on our flight over.  About half the women were sunbathing topless, but Ann le
ft her one-piece on and I did not suggest otherwise.

	About five o'clock, the group around the pool started to thin out.  We decided to take a walk in Antibes and to have a light dinner and then get to bed early, to try and force ourselves to overcome the effects of jet lag
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
If you reply to this message, your message WILL be *automatically* anonymized
and you are allocated an anon id. Read the help file to prevent this.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.

========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Captured by Ann 15/28
From: an138364@anon.penet.fi
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 1995 20:47:51 UTC

	I emerged from that bit of retrospection to the present as I saw Gerry still fingering her blouse.  I gave her the nod of encouragement that she had been seeking and she quickly unbuttoned her blouse, shrugged off her br
a and stepped out of her skirt.  She was wearing sheer to the waist pantyhose.  Gerry stepped to the side of my desk, kneeled at my feet, and opened my pants.  I sat back and did absolutely nothing else, but exchange lock
ed stares with her, as she brought me off in her mouth.  Gerry looked at me and said: "I hope that makes sure you know there are no others I like."

	"But don't worry, for you I'll make sure Tony has a good time tonight."

	"All I'm asking you to do is have dinner with him" I said.

	"I understand" she answered as she ran her tongue along my shrinking member.

	When she was finished, Gerry stood, got dressed, smiled and went back to work.

	I next spoke to Gerry about 7:10 when we headed out to my house.  We met Tony in the lobby of the building as we arrived there coincidently.  Gerry greeted Tony warmly and took his arm as we rode up in the elevator toget
her.

	Ann answered the door looking radiant.  She had a sprig of flowers tucked in her hair which was up in a bun.  She was wearing a white dress of sheer material that fastened around her neck over a full slip whose lace trim
 was readily discernible.  As we made our way to the living room where there was a waiter standing and expecting to bring drinks, I noticed how the dining room table had been set.  I saw an opportunity to make a point wit
h Ann.  Ann was in a chatty mood and I recognized that she must have been going a litttle stir crazy waiting around in our apartment all day by herself attending to the various domestic chores.

	"Ann, come here" I said.

	"Yes" she said as she joined me in the hall

	"Why is the table set for four?"

	"You, me, Gerry and Tony."

	"No, Ann" I said.  You are to serve dinner.

	I saw the dawn of realization and disappointment expressed on Ann's face.  I realized I was on the right track.  "And you ought to be dressed more in keeping with your role tonight."  I looked her over and realized what
adjustment need be made. "Just take off the slip."

	I was not done with my instructions.  "Now go and reset the table and tell the waiters you hired that they may help you, but they are not to come out of the kitchen.  You are to be our servant."

	Ann was not happy, but she did not hesitate.  She reappeared in the living room about ten minutes later carrying a tray with three drinks on it which she passed out to Tony, Gerry and me.  She had taken off her slip and
the consequence of that act was immediately noticeable to us all.  What once seemed like a fashionable outfit was now totally provocative.  Where the fabric of her dress lay in a single layer against her skin, it was as i
f she were wearing nothing at all.  Where the fabric bunched or folded, it obscured what was underneath.

	After a short while we sat down for our dinner.  It was at that point that Gerry and Tony realized that Ann was having a special role that evening.  They had assumed that she was busy with her preparations before which i
s why she was not spending time with us in the living room, but seeing only three place settings, they realized that Ann was "working" that evening.

	Ann served us smoked trout to start.  I saw Tony react as her barely covered right breast brushed aganst his shoulder when she removed his plate.

	Our conversation over our next course was pretty normal, but each time Ann appeared to bring something in or out, I watched as Tony's eyes followed each movement she made.  At one point, while Ann was removing a salad pl
ate from Gerry, Tony reached for something on the table and knocked over his wine glass.  Ann reached for a napkin to blot up the wine and I saw another opportunity.  Grabbing the hem of Ann's dress, I used it to create a
 "dam" on the table and soak up what had been spilled.  Then, with a firm sudden movement, I ripped Ann's dress off and bunched it up and used it to complete the tidying process.  Ann stood there unflinching and Tony made
 no effort to conceal his admiration for her body.  Ann's immense breasts rested on her ribcage and, although not saggy, by virtue of their size and weight, extended actually on to her upper belly.  As always she was neat
ly and completely shaved, without the slightest trace of stubble.  After allowing herself to be visually inspected, she turned her attention to cleaning up the mess and resetting the table.  She performed these tasks with
 energy and speed, never once stopping to put something on as she marched in and out of the dining room.  We finished our meal with good appetites and I invited Tony and Gerry to join me in the library for coffee.

	"You have her trained well" Tony said.  "I admire the way she takes what you give in stride."

	"She is special" I agreed.

	"Would you take direction like that?" Tony directed his remark to Gerry.

	"From certain people, without any hesitation" Gerry answered Tony but looking directly at me.

	I did not miss that opening.  "Gerry, go see if you and Ann can figure out some entertaiment for us" I said.

	"Certainly" she answered as she got up to leave.

	I offered Tony a brandy while we waited to see what Gerry and Ann  would arrange.

	Gerry appeared about twenty minutes later wrapped in a large terry robe.  She invited Tony and I in to the master bath.  We followed Gerry in and watched as she took off her robe.  Ann directed her to sit astride the edg
e of the tub, with one leg resting on a towel bar and the other on a tiled shelf behind the tub.  The effect was for her legs to be spread apart completely.  Ann arranged her apparatus before her.  Using a scissors, she t
rimmed closely Gerry's theretofore luxuriant pubic hair.  Then, she used warm washcloths to soap and massage and soften the now trimmed area.  Finally and carefully she shaved Gerry entirely, from the hairs which curled a
round her bottom to those few strays which headed up towards her belly button.  The whole process took at least twenty minutes.  After rinsing the remnants of the soap off and rubbing the area with some sort of alcohol ba
sed astringent which caused Gerry to gasp and which pinkened her vaginal lips, Ann led Gerry back, of all places, to our dining room.  There Ann directed Gerry to lay back on the table.  Ann disappeared into the kitchen a
nd returned with a cart filled with different pints of ice cream, syrups, and other toppings.  Ann said she was planning on "make your own" sundaes as the dessert and thought that there was no reason not to adhere to that
 plan.

	"Let me show you how" she said.  Ann took a spoonful of ice cream, a dollop of whipped cream and placed them on Gerry's lower belly, just above her sex. Gerry squealed with pleasure, no doubt from the soothing effect of
these cold confections.  Ann then proceeded to lap up this mini-sundae.  She turned then to Tony and asked what flavors and toppings he liked.  She followed his instructions and assembled a butterscotch sundae (vanilla ic
e cream) with whipped cream, nuts and a cherry.  All these ingredients were nestled in the juncture of Gerry's legs.

	"Do you want a spoon?" Ann asked, "or would you simply want to take off your shirt and dive right in?"

	Tony took off his tie and then his shirt and proceeded to enjoy his desert.

	"How about you?"  Ann said to me.

	"Chocolate ice cream and marshmallow sauce" I answered.

	Ann scooted on to the table and after getting the ingredients ready, leaned back and arranged herself just as Gerry.  Not unlike Tony, I opened my shirt collar and started to eat.  The first few mouthfuls were entirely d
esert; thereafter Ann's skin and her taste started to mix in.  I glanced over at Gerry and Tony.  There was no trace left of Tony's sundae, but he was "licking the plate clean."  Ann for her part was responding to my atte
ntion.  We continued this for a while, with each of Ann and Gerry seeming to draw great pleasure from our efforts.  When we finished, Tony and Gerry announced that they were going to leave.  Gerry went in to the bedroom t
o get dressed and I told Ann that she should stay with me while Gerry
got ready to go.

	We went in to the living room and while Tony waited for Gerry,
Ann--totally nude--and I sat on the couch and necked like teenagers.
Ann, it seems, realized again that I cared for her.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
If you reply to this message, your message WILL be *automatically* anonymized
and you are allocated an anon id. Read the help file to prevent this.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.

========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Captured by Ann 16/28
From: an138364@anon.penet.fi
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 1995 20:51:16 UTC

Six Months Later

	It had become my custom, in the summer, to invite the office
staff to my farm in Sharon, Connecticut for a weekend of relaxation.
This particular August weekend had been picked a few months earlier and
I could not have chosen better.  It was warm, but uncharacteristically,
not too humid and the forecast was for much of the same weather the
rest of the weekend.  Ann, Clara, Sara and I had gone up to the farm
the Thursday evening before everyone else was scheduled to arrive.  I
had arranged for a stretch limo to bring everyone else up the next day.
 At about 12:30, the limousine pulled in to the driveway, and Gerry,
Marie, Sharon, Maria and Lisa all clambered out.  Lisa had been hired a
two months earlier as Jodi's replacement.  Ann and Clara showed
everyone to their rooms, while Sara set out a buffet lunch.  Mid-way
through lunch Gerry announced that everyone had a surprise for me and
that after lunch, I should go out to the pool and await my surprise.

	I had just about dozed off in my lounge chair, when I heard a
rustle of noise and looked up to see my surprise.  What I saw was a
parade of each of my "girls" marching in a straight line and then
arraying themselves in a little semi-circle around me.  They were all
attired identically.  They were wearing white tops over identical gold
bikini bottoms.  Their bottoms were not fitting snuggly, and to an
extent they fell away from each of their lower bellys.  Those of the
girls who shaved did not look as undressed as did those who did not, as
their pubic hair certainly was visible.

	At a cue which Gerry gave, they all took off their tops, and they
stood in front of me for my inspection, each with big smiles and each
noticing that my erection had snuck out of the leg of my shorts.

	This was a first--all of the women in my empire were standing
there together having so carefully arrayed themselves in an enticing
manner.  Gerry then gave another signal, and in practiced unison, each
girl reached for a clasp on there left hip and they unhooked one leg of
their bikini bottoms which each then released.  The bottoms puddled at
each of the girls feet and, as they all stood before me, absolutely
naked and smiling and giggling.  I felt richer and more in possession
of a domain than I think I ever had before.

	I was wondering how my state of arousal would be resolved and
Gerry, again taking the lead, asked me how I wanted to take care of
"that" she said as she pointed.  I had a quick answer.   I skinned off
my shorts and took a dollop of tanning lotion in my palm.  I started to
stroke myself and I told all the girls to sit near me and to follow my
lead.  Within five minutes we were all  engaged in self- stimulation
with different extents of whimpers and moans.

	I could see each of the girls stimulating themselves according to
each of their habits; Ann for example was simply making circular
motions with her index finger on her clit; both Clara and Sara were
plunging their digits in and out of their pussys.  Sharon was kneading
her breasts with one hand while fingering herself with the other.
Maria had pushed her breasts together and was licking and sucking her
nipples.  Marie was on her knees, with her bottom stuck high in the air
and with one hand reaching behind to play with herself from behind.
This whole scene was extremely arousing for me and I felt myself
getting ready to explode, as the pulse and pace quickened, and as I
started to audibilize my situation, Gerry scooted over to me and
positioned her face between my legs and extended her tongue in a very
specific invitation to receive my cum.  I accepted that invitation.


	After taking a moment to catch my breath, I slipped into the pool
to let the cool water cleanse and refresh me.  As each of the girls
reached their limit, they also made their way into the swimming pool.
Plainly, this was to be a successful weekend.  It was.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
If you reply to this message, your message WILL be *automatically* anonymized
and you are allocated an anon id. Read the help file to prevent this.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.

========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Captured by Ann 17/28
From: an138364@anon.penet.fi
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 1995 20:54:22 UTC

June 1984

	I was at my desk on a Monday when Ann came in to remind me that
she was to meet her younger sister at the airport that afternoon.  I
had not met Justine before as she had spent the previous four years
enrolled in medical school in Belgium.  After earning her degree from
the school at Louvain, she had enrolled for an additional two years of
training at U.C.L.A. in order to receive a degree from that school as
well and ease her way into practice in this country.  Ann had described
for me that Justine was about to start a three month rotation at NYU in
its obstetrics and gynecology service as part of her clinical training
the following week and Ann had asked if it was alright if she would be
living with us for that time.  I agreed and we anticipated that we
would moderate our behavior at home in deference to Justine's presence.

	That evening we all had dinner together.  Justine was
enthusiastic about her upcoming stint at NYU and she told us how
medical education differs between the U.S. and Europe, with the greater
emphasis on clinical education here.  Over the course of the meal,
Justine mentioned that she was invited out to a friend's house in the
Hampton's the following weekend, and that she needed to do a little
shopping as she had only brought one bathing suit with her, and could
use some additional sport clothes.  Ann brightened and offered to take
Justine out to our shop, Vanities, and assured her that she would have
a good supply of items to choose from.

	"That's good Ann.  It is tough to find something to fit me
properly.  You probably have the same problem even worse than I do."

	"That's why I make sure that Vanities always has an adequate
selection for people like us."

	Now Justine was not quite as busty as Ann, but she clearly was
well- endowed, although I could not tell quite the extent because of
the blousy nature of the dress she was wearing.

	"If you are going out to Vanities tomorow" I said, "I'll drive
you both out there."  Ann shot me a dark look, as she must have
realized what I had in mind.

	 I pulled up in front of the apartment about noon the next day in
order to drive Ann and Justine out to Vanities.  Ann had not said
anything to me about what I would be doing during her and Justine's
trip to Vanities.  The two of them hopped in to my car and both seemed
to be in an upbeat mood.  They had spent the morning catching up and
visiting with each other.  Ann asked me what was new in the office and
I told her there was a lot of work piling up on our desks, but at least
for the moment, no emergencies.

	I dropped the two in front of the store and told them I would be
back in about an hour or so and that I would take everyone out to a
late lunch.  Ann gave me a big smile, which I took as a blessing from
her for what I was about to do.  I pulled in behind the store and using
my key, entered the "viewing" room.

	Business wasn't bad, I judged, by the amount of activity that was
going on.  Several people were trying on different items and one asian
girl caught my eye.  She had a terrific, lithe figure.  After about
twenty minutes, Justine entered one of the try-on rooms with an armful
of bathing suits.  She hung them up one by one on a rack opposite the
mirror and seemed to take some time to decide what she would put on
first.  Almost absentmindedly, she unbuttoned her blouse and stepped
out of her slacks.  Reaching behind her, she unhooked her bra and
turned to face the mirror.  Justine had an impressive figure.  Her
breasts were large and seemed more assertive, less pendulous than Ann's
and certainly not as big.  Like Ann, she had a thin waist, but it was
evident from the dark area at the front of her panties that she did not
share Ann's shaving habit.  I watched with interest as Justine tried on
all the different outfits that she had selected.  One that particularly
appealed to me was a shocking pink T-back number  which did little to
cover her rear and which only had two wide vertical bands that were
strategically placed to cover her nipples, but which left the sides of
each breast free to catch the sun.

	Shortly after I realized that Ann and Justine had finished their
selections, I ducked out the back and drove the car to the front of the
store to pick them up.  We had a nice lunch and then headed back to the
city.  Ann
did not ask me where I had gone while the two were shopping and I did
not raise the subject either.

	The next day Ann and Justine were left to their own devices to
spend their time.  Over dinner, they filled me in on their day touring
some of Manhattan's interesting locales including the shops on Madison
Avenue and lunc
h in Chinatown.  Ann told Justine that she would be on her own the next
day as she had to get back to our office.

	"I'd love to see where you work.  Why don't I come up, you can
show me around and I'll take you to lunch."

	Justine's request unnerved Ann.  We both realized the next day
was Thursday--a day when we have our special dress code and when we
don't ordinarily schedule visitors.

	"I have just so much to do, there's no way I could go to lunch.
Maybe Friday?"  Ann ventured.

	"I can't.  I have an orientation session at NYU on Friday."
Turning to me Justine asked "It'll be o.k. if I see my big sister for a
while tomorrow won't it.?"

	"Sure" I answered, not knowing myself how things would play out.

	Later that evening, when we were alone Ann raised the subject of
how we would be the next day.  By then I had decided how I wanted
things to go.  "No exceptions, Ann.  I guess Justine will just see how
we work on Thursday's."

	I had expected more of a protest from Ann than she offered.  She
did not seem as upset as I thought she might and had she really seemed
distressed, I was prepared to alter our normal Thursday routine.
Something else, however, was going on.

	On Thursday, business started off as usual with everyone doffing
their tops and some their bottoms as well, with Marie keeping her
sweater at the ready for unexpected visitors. From my open office door
I could see that Gerry was wearing only thigh high stockings and black
panties, and Ann had chosen today to wear grey stockings and a matching
garter belt.  I was surprised that she was not wearing a skirt or any
other sort of body coveri
ng.

	Exactly at noon, Marie came into the back, a little flustered.
She had her sweater on and in an urgent tone told Ann:  "Your sister
Justine is out front."

	"Bring her back here, please" was Ann's instruction to Marie.

	Moments later I watched as Marie opened the door to our inner
office space and brought Justine in.  Justine saw Ann and Gerry
immediately and looked at both with a totally shocked expression.

	"Ann!  What's going on?"  she finally mustered.  The sound of a
strange and excited voice prompted some of the others to come around to
see what the commotion was all about.  Maria and Sharon came within
view and Justine quickly realized that she was witnessing something she
had never anticipated.

	"Come on in to my office" I invited Justine.  "I guess Ann better
explain to you what this is all about."

	Justine went in to my office quietly and took a seat on the
couch.  Ann came inside as well and closed the door behind her.  She
sat opposite to Justine in an armchair with her legs slightly
spread--it seemed to me delib
erately so--with her nakedness completely apparent.  She made no move
to cover up.

	Ann explained that everyone who worked in my office was doing so
voluntarily and that all were very well paid, even exorbitantly well
paid.  She said that I was well-liked by the staff and that she thought
that at least
two others in addition to herself were in love with me.

	That was the first time that the word "love" was ever used in
connection with our relationship and I realized part of the reason why
Ann did not prevent this encounter with Justine.

	Ann went on to explain how I was turned on by the visual and how
everyone tried to figure out ways to appeal to me in this manner.  To
illustrate this point, and to make another, Ann described how she had
designed and co
nfigured Vanities to permit me to monitor the dressing rooms.  It took
about ten seconds for Justine to make the connection and realize that
she had been there but two days previous.  She seemed to blush, but
there was al
so what I thought was a faint grin curling the ends of her mouth as she
looked in my direction.

	Ann continued with her account of how we all came to the work
arrangements that we had.  She then startled me a bit further by
describing our Tuesday and Thursday post-lunch activities, including
what happens when the girls draw different color marbles.

	Justine interrupted to ask Ann if the reason she was shaved was
another part of my requirements.  "No, but I know Bob likes that" she
answered.

	There was silence for a moment and then Justine spoke.
"Well I saw the buffet lunch set up outside and Ann you told me what
the routine is here on Thursdays, and seeing how Bob already was
watching me the other day, I guess there's no good reason why I should
inhibit you all from what you would normally do."  As she spoke those
words, Justine pulled the cotton top she was wearing over her head and
without hesitating for a second, removed her bra too.

	I did not know what to expect so I announced that I was going to
get some lunch.  Justine bounced up and said she was hungry too and
followed me to where the buffet was set up.  The rest of the office was
already helping
 themselves and we all took our plates and gathered around the
conference table where we ate our lunch.

	When the time came to go draw the red or blue marbles, Gerry
retrieved the jar and started to pass around the table so that everyone
could pick.  Lisa announced that since she was not feeling that well,
she was having her period, she'd staff the reception area for the next
hour or so.  Gerry gave Ann the chance to draw a marble, she picked a
red one, and then asked  Justine if she wanted to select a marble.  I
started to say that would not be necessary but Justine reached in and
held up a red one as well.  With the selection of the two red marbles,
the draw was ended and we all went in to the room where the cushions
were arrayed on the floor.

	Gerry and Marie were particularly anxious to get things underway
and no sooner did they walk into the room than they arranged themselves
side by side starting to kiss each other and shortly each was fingering
the other as well.  Sharon and Maria took positions near each other and
seemed to be principally engaged in solitary activities although from
time to time they leaned over to each other and kissed.  Ann and
Justine were a little awk
ward.  Ann started to kiss me and told Justine to undress me as well as
herself.  Justine quickly took off her skirt and panties and then
unbuckled my slacks and drew them off me along with my shorts.
Justine, probably f
or lack of what else to do, started to take me in her mouth, but then
turned her attention to nipping and biting my thighs.  I motioned for
Ann to pay some attention to my cock and she bent over and took me in
her mouth.
 At one point she held me and offered Justine the opportunity to suck
me as well.  I interrupted that move and drew Justine to me.  I wanted
to feel her breasts and kiss her.  Her mouth opened to receive my
tongue and I l
ifted one of her breasts to get a sense of its weight.  It seemed
firmer, denser than her sisters', but not as large.  After a bit, I
encouraged Ann and Justine to trade assignments and as Ann thrust her
tongue in my mout
h I reached down and felt how considerably wet she was.

	I then leaned back, in effect signalling Ann that I wanted her to
tend to my cock in whatever manner she selected.  I watched wide-eyed
as she joined her sister licking and sucking my cock.  As Ann swept her
tongue up, d
own and around me, I saw Justine mimic those movements and I noticed,
more than once, that their tongues would meet as they enveloped me.  At
first I thought that was inadvertent until I noticed that Justine's
free hand h
ad parted Ann's lips and that she was working her fingers in and out of
Ann.  Ann also seemed to be reciprocating that attention by rolling one
of Justine's nipples between her thumb and forefinger.  The realization
that
Ann and Justine were relating to each other even as they were tending
to me was an overwhelming stimulation.  Almost immediately I reached my
climax and painted each of their faces and chests with my ejaculation.

	As I leaned back against the pillows in relaxation, Ann and
Justine both tended to me and joined in cleaning me with the fresh
washcloths that were set out for that purpose.  At one point Ann
reached up to kiss me and wh
ile I was kissing Ann on the mouth,  I reached for Justine and pulled
her up towards me as well.  At that point, I took Justine by the nape
of her neck, and Ann by hers, and drew their mouths towards mine.
After being in
 a position to taste both their tongues at the same time, I withdrew
from the fray, leaving both Justine and Ann twirling their tongues
around each others.  I then took Justine's hand and placed it on Ann's
breast.  Neith
er sister needed any more encouragement.

	Using me no more than a prop to support Justine, Ann began to
bathe Justine with her tongue while Justine writhed with excitement.
Initially Ann knelt between Justine's legs and licked her slowly and
gently, but Justine
 twisted so that she had like access to Ann.  Justine placed two
fingers inside Ann and twisted them about as she was nibbling and
licking her.  Everyone else in the room was completely captivated by
the evident passion w
hich these sisters were demonstrating and as I looked around I saw
every pair of eyes glued to Justine and Ann while everyone, except for
me, was almost absent-mindedly touching and stroking themselves.

	Ultimately and finally Ann and Justine became more and more
energetic in their activities and their grunts and whimpers which lead
to very intense and simultaneous orgasms for each of them.  As they
finished they each lay against me, nestled one in each arm.  I turned
to kiss each and as I did I tasted on each, the other.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
If you reply to this message, your message WILL be *automatically* anonymized
and you are allocated an anon id. Read the help file to prevent this.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.

========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Captured by Ann 18/28
From: an138364@anon.penet.fi
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 1995 20:57:57 UTC

Los Angeles - August 1988

	I had gotten bored.  I had closed down my operation effective as
of December 31, 1987 and after paying everyone a nice bonus we all
parted amidst tears and hugs and on to new lives.  Gerry and Ann stayed
with me.  Gerry simply to be my secretary in my new office and Ann to
be with me.

	I had purchased a townhouse in the East 60's in Manhattan and
used a professional suite that a doctor had previously occupied to
carry on my business.  Ann and Gerry had offices there as did I.  Ann
had become quite wealthy as a result of the interest she had in the
investments we had made.  I had given her a check for $2.3 million when
we liquidated the majority of our investment partnerships.  For my
part, I knew that my net worth now exceeded $400 million.  I managed to
keep that a secret from Forbes.

	In July 1988 I had travelled to Los Angeles on business by
myself.  Ann was visiting her mother, and Gerry who would have
accompanied me in her stead was feeling a little under the weather.  I
stayed at the Hotel Belair which was my favorite in West L.A. and for
the first few days my schedule was pretty well booked.  One Thursday,
however, I found that I had nothing scheduled that evening and I was
flipping through the paper thinking that I might take in a movie, when
an ad caught my eye.  One of the local clubs, Carroway's, advertised
Foxy Mud Wrestling.

	I decided to attend the program which it touted and arrived as
the doors opened at 8 p.m.  After being seated at a small round table
around a ring lined with a blue vinyl tarp, I ordered a drink and
nursed it and its successor along until the show  started at 9 p.m.
The show consisted of a series of staged matches between very pretty
girls who were wearing skimpy outfits.  Before each match, the
combatants did a semi-strip down to minute bikinis and then sold kisses
for dollar bills. I bought a few.  The next to the last "match" was
called a challenge match where one of the few girls in the audience
volunteered to enter the ring against one of the troup
e.

	The fellow sitting next to me told me that these are the most
interesting because the "amateur" sometimes really got enthusiastic and
displayed more energy than the "professionals."  I ventured the opinion
that these are probably ringers, but no, I was assured that these were
bona fide amateurs.

	When the challenge match time arrived, a boisterous group decided
to egg one of their female members on.  The girl in question was none
too anxious to get involved, but she did ultimately agree to
participate.  Stoked on no doubt by a few beers she was ushered to the
backroom and later emerged, having been supplied with an outfit that
was pretty skimpy consisting of a pair of shorts and a white t- shirt
with a the beginning of a few tears.  As the bout got underway, i saw
that it was the experienced girl's job to exploit these few tears and
enlarge them.  No corresponding headstart was available to the poor
challenger.  To the audience's pleasure, the challenger soon was
struggling with efforts to preserve her modesty (such as it was) and at
the same time engage in mild combat.

	The final bout of the evening was an auction where one of the men
got to pick which of the previous girls he wanted to contend with.  I
was not interested in this so I left and went back to my hotel.

	A few weeks late found me back in New York and sort of rattling
around looking for things to do.  I asked Ann if whe would come with me
to L.A. for a few days.  Ann asked me what we would do while we were
there and I tol
d her that we would figure things out and that I would  show her some
of the places that I had been to the previous month.  On this trip to
L.A. we checked in to the Beverly Wilshire hotel.  The first couple of
days were
not expecially busy.  Ann did a little shopping and we went to a few
meetings together.

	Over lunch that Thursday I informed Ann that we were going to go
to go to  Carroway's that night.

	"What type of restaurant is that?" Ann asked.

	"It's not a restaurant, it's sort of a night club." I answered.

	"Oh, what type of entertainment do they have?" Ann asked.

	"They have a floorshow, you'll see."

	"Should I dress up, is it a fancy place?"

	"Actually, it is very casual.  You should wear something
comfortable and sexy."

	We had  an early dinner that night in our suite courtesy of room
service.  About 7:15 p.m. as the food cart and table was being removed,
Ann started picking through her closet to figure out what she would
wear.  She aske
d me whether I had a preference and together we selected the outfit.
She wore a tight and short black skirt that I had not seen before over
sheer to the waist pantyhose.  As she put it on, and there was nothing
else unde
rneath, I could not imagine how she was going to be able to sit, get in
and out of cars, or do anything else and maintain any sense of modesty.
 Apparently her strategy for dealing with that dillema was one of
diversion,
because she chose to wear a linen top that was filled to its limit with
her breasts and which was essentially translucent bordering on
transparent depending on how the light caught it.

	"Is this sexy enough?" she asked.  No answer was necessary, but I
took her hand and guided it to a part of me which had reacted in
suitably unambiguous response to her query.

	We arrived at Carroway's and Ann immediately noticed the marquee
touting the evening's entertainment.  As we made our way to be seated,
Ann looked around and I saw it register on her that there were very few
women in att
endance.  We were shown to a small cabaret table at "ringside" and we
ordered drinks.  Ann struggled to find a way to sit at the table
without exposing herself inordinately to the people sitting opposite
us.

	 Ann and I watched the first two bouts.  The routine was much as
I had remembered it from my previous evening at Carroway's.  I noticed
however that many of the attendees were as intent on watching Ann as
they were on th
e show.  Ann had difficulty keeping herself "arranged" so that she did
not steal any more than was inevitable everyone else's attention.

	At the start of the third match the soon to be combatants came
out to do their almost strip to their fighting outfits and, as usual,
they sold kisses for dollar tips.  Ann held up a dollar for me and one
very attractive
blonde gave me a swift, chaste kiss.  One of the people who was seated
behind us, however, decided to have a little fun and held up a dollar
over Ann.  The blonde came back and without any hesitation leaned over
to give A
nn the kiss that the dollar bought.  I watched Ann as she took all of
this in good stride and good spirit.

	The time came for the challenge match.  The m.c. introduced the
girl who was to fight the challenge match.  She had some absurd stage
name like Titanic Tina, and that she was.  She was one of the few girls
I ever encountered who was fully as big as Ann, perhaps even bigger.
Her breasts were carried in a bra visible through her purple lace dress
which had a little flex to it so that as she walked around, there was a
reverberating bounce.
  She drew a lot of attention as she removed her dress and walked
around the club in bra and panties selling her kisses for dollars.
When she finished her introduction and went back to change into her
fighting outfit, th
e m.c. took the microphone to try and auction off the right to meet
Tina in the ring.  There was a little more interest in the opportuntiy
to enter the ring than there had been the laste time that I came to the
club.  Abo
ut three people were bidding at $20 increments and the total reached
$160 just as the there seemed only to be one bidder left.  At that
point I raised my hand and bid $300.  There was an audible hush and as
the m.c. annou
nced that I had won, I said no, it's not me who won, it's the lady I
was with.

	Everybody seemed quite excited with the idea that Ann was to be
the combatant.  There were a bunch of whoops and hollers as the m.c.
asked Ann to join him in the front of the ring where the match was to
be held.  As she
walked to the front all in the club saw her large, braless breasts
bounce and jiggle under the sheer material of her blouse.  Ann was then
escorted to the dressing room where she was given an outfit to wear in
the fight s
he was going to have with Tina.  After about ten minutes, Ann
reappeared.  She was wearing a blue and white spandex outfit that had
to be at least three sizes to small.  The material molded itself to her
skin as tightly a
s if it were sprayed on.  Absolutely nothing was left to the
imagination.  The crowd's reaction to Ann alternated between shocked
and silent amazement and spluttering whoops and catcalls.  Ann was
given a chance to "dance" around the area for dollars and she elicited
a terrific, enthusiastic reaction.  More than one guy tried to rest his
hand on Ann or draw her close enough to him that he would have
significant contact with her breasts.
	Tina and Ann took their positions in the ring and waited for the
bell.  Tina traded on her experience and as soon as the signal to begin
was heard she managed to pull Ann's legs out from under her and jumped
astride her
back and tried to pin Ann's shoulders to the ground.  After a bit, Ann
managed to arch her back and pulled Tina off her and both girls sprang
to their feet.  Once again, Tina knocked Ann off her feet and this time
Ann lan
ded smack on her face and I saw that she had a bloodied nose.  The
referee stopped the bout and gave Ann a clean towel to staunch the flow
of blood.  After a five minute hiatus, Ann declined the opportunity to
withdraw an
d insisted that she wanted to continue.  I could tell that she was
taking it all seriously.

	There were about twenty seconds left in the first of the three
rounds and once again Tina got the advantage which she retained until
the bell.  The crowd, however, it was clear was behind Ann.

	The second round lacked the excitement of the first.  Both girls
seemed to be conserving their strength as they pawed at each other for
most of the round.  Towards the end, Tina sat astride Ann's stomach and
seemed to ma
ul Ann's breasts roughly through the material of Ann's outfit.  Between
the second and third rounds, I managed to get a few word of whisper to
Ann.  My concern was that she wasn't hurt  and she said she was o.k.

	The third round was unforgettable.  Ann exploded out of her
crouch when the bell rang and bowled Tina over with a ferocious rush.
In a flash she was smothering Tina and was pinning her shoulders to the
mat.  Tina was no
t used to this type of resistance and I saw her pinch Ann's left breast
at the nipple.  Ann yelped in pain and drew back from Tina.  Tina took
advantage of this trick to throw Ann off her and soon the girls were
both back
 on their feet.  There was no hiding that Ann was furious.  This time
as the girls grappled, Tina just grabbed Ann's leotard at the neck and
tugged.  The material ripped and split right from the neck all the way
to below
Ann's waist.  In a flash, both of Ann's breasts flopped free.  Paying
no heed, Ann jumped on Tina and once again sat astride her and used her
legs to help pin Tina.  Ann also decided that she would not be the only
fighter
 exposed to the crowd, and with several yanks, freed Tina's breasts
from their containment.  At that point the bell signalling the end of
the fight rang.  Both girls got to their feet and neither made any
attempt to cover up.

	Those in attendance gave the combatants a standing ovation.  Even
the girls who had previously fought were applauding the sincere and
formidable efforts that Ann and Tina had made.  Both girls stood
drawing in great gulps of air as their chest heaved as a result of
their exertion.  The m.c. huddled with the promoter while they figured
out who would be declared the winner.

	Finally, the m.c. took Ann and Tina each by the arm and  moved
toward the center of the ring.  "We have a draw!" he announced.  The
crowd reacted loudly to that announcement and quickly the chant
"rematch, rematch" started up.  At that point one of the promoters of
this troupe came over to confer with the two girls.  Ann motioned for
me to join them.  The promoter, Mike, introduced himself to me and I
gave him my first name.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
If you reply to this message, your message WILL be *automatically* anonymized
and you are allocated an anon id. Read the help file to prevent this.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.

========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Captured by Ann 19/28
From: an138364@anon.penet.fi
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 1995 21:02:42 UTC

Los Angeles - August 1988

	I had gotten bored.  I had closed down my operation effective as of December 31, 1987 and after paying everyone a nice bonus we all parted amidst tears and hugs and on to new lives.  Gerry and Ann stayed with me.  Gerry
simply to be my secretary in my new office and Ann to be with me.

	I had purchased a townhouse in the East 60's in Manhattan and used a professional suite that a doctor had previously occupied to carry on my business.  Ann and Gerry had offices there as did I.  Ann had become quite weal
thy as a result of the interest she had in the investments we had made.  I had given her a check for $2.3 million when we liquidated the majority of our investment partnerships.  For my part, I knew that my net worth now
exceeded $400 million.  I managed to keep that a secret from Forbes.

	In July 1988 I had travelled to Los Angeles on business by myself.  Ann was visiting her mother, and Gerry who would have accompanied me in her stead was feeling a little under the weather.  I stayed at the Hotel Belair
which was my favorite in West L.A. and for the first few days my schedule was pretty well booked.  One Thursday, however, I found that I had nothing scheduled that evening and I was flipping through the paper thinking tha
t I might take in a movie, when an ad caught my eye.  One of the local clubs, Carroway's, advertised Foxy Mud Wrestling.

	I decided to attend the program which it touted and arrived as the doors opened at 8 p.m.  After being seated at a small round table around a ring lined with a blue vinyl tarp, I ordered a drink and nursed it and its suc
cessor along until the show  started at 9 p.m.  The show consisted of a series of staged matches between very pretty girls who were wearing skimpy outfits.  Before each match, the combatants did a semi-strip down to minut
e bikinis and then sold kisses for dollar bills. I bought a few.  The next to the last "match" was called a challenge match where one of the few girls in the audience volunteered to enter the ring against one of the troup
e.

	The fellow sitting next to me told me that these are the most interesting because the "amateur" sometimes really got enthusiastic and displayed more energy than the "professionals."  I ventured the opinion that these are
 probably ringers, but no, I was assured that these were bona fide amateurs.

	When the challenge match time arrived, a boisterous group decided to egg one of their female members on.  The girl in question was none too anxious to get involved, but she did ultimately agree to participate.  Stoked on
 no doubt by a few beers she was ushered to the backroom and later emerged, having been supplied with an outfit that was pretty skimpy consisting of a pair of shorts and a white t- shirt with a the beginning of a few tear
s.  As the bout got underway, i saw that it was the experienced girl's job to exploit these few tears and enlarge them.  No corresponding headstart was available to the poor challenger.  To the audience's pleasure, the ch
allenger soon was struggling with efforts to preserve her modesty (such as it was) and at the same time engage in mild combat.

	The final bout of the evening was an auction where one of the men got to pick which of the previous girls he wanted to contend with.  I was not interested in this so I left and went back to my hotel.

	A few weeks late found me back in New York and sort of rattling around looking for things to do.  I asked Ann if whe would come with me to L.A. for a few days.  Ann asked me what we would do while we were there and I tol
d her that we would figure things out and that I would  show her some of the places that I had been to the previous month.  On this trip to L.A. we checked in to the Beverly Wilshire hotel.  The first couple of days were
not expecially busy.  Ann did a little shopping and we went to a few meetings together.

	Over lunch that Thursday I informed Ann that we were going to go to go to  Carroway's that night.

	"What type of restaurant is that?" Ann asked.

	"It's not a restaurant, it's sort of a night club." I answered.

	"Oh, what type of entertainment do they have?" Ann asked.

	"They have a floorshow, you'll see."

	"Should I dress up, is it a fancy place?"

	"Actually, it is very casual.  You should wear something comfortable and sexy."

	We had  an early dinner that night in our suite courtesy of room service.  About 7:15 p.m. as the food cart and table was being removed, Ann started picking through her closet to figure out what she would wear.  She aske
d me whether I had a preference and together we selected the outfit.  She wore a tight and short black skirt that I had not seen before over sheer to the waist pantyhose.  As she put it on, and there was nothing else unde
rneath, I could not imagine how she was going to be able to sit, get in and out of cars, or do anything else and maintain any sense of modesty.  Apparently her strategy for dealing with that dillema was one of diversion,
because she chose to wear a linen top that was filled to its limit with her breasts and which was essentially translucent bordering on transparent depending on how the light caught it.

	"Is this sexy enough?" she asked.  No answer was necessary, but I took her hand and guided it to a part of me which had reacted in suitably unambiguous response to her query.

	We arrived at Carroway's and Ann immediately noticed the marquee touting the evening's entertainment.  As we made our way to be seated, Ann looked around and I saw it register on her that there were very few women in att
endance.  We were shown to a small cabaret table at "ringside" and we ordered drinks.  Ann struggled to find a way to sit at the table without exposing herself inordinately to the people sitting opposite us.

	 Ann and I watched the first two bouts.  The routine was much as I had remembered it from my previous evening at Carroway's.  I noticed however that many of the attendees were as intent on watching Ann as they were on th
e show.  Ann had difficulty keeping herself "arranged" so that she did not steal any more than was inevitable everyone else's attention.

	At the start of the third match the soon to be combatants came out to do their almost strip to their fighting outfits and, as usual, they sold kisses for dollar tips.  Ann held up a dollar for me and one very attractive
blonde gave me a swift, chaste kiss.  One of the people who was seated behind us, however, decided to have a little fun and held up a dollar over Ann.  The blonde came back and without any hesitation leaned over to give A
nn the kiss that the dollar bought.  I watched Ann as she took all of this in good stride and good spirit.

	The time came for the challenge match.  The m.c. introduced the girl who was to fight the challenge match.  She had some absurd stage name like Titanic Tina, and that she was.  She was one of the few girls I ever encount
ered who was fully as big as Ann, perhaps even bigger.  Her breasts were carried in a bra visible through her purple lace dress which had a little flex to it so that as she walked around, there was a reverberating bounce.
  She drew a lot of attention as she removed her dress and walked around the club in bra and panties selling her kisses for dollars.  When she finished her introduction and went back to change into her fighting outfit, th
e m.c. took the microphone to try and auction off the right to meet Tina in the ring.  There was a little more interest in the opportuntiy to enter the ring than there had been the laste time that I came to the club.  Abo
ut three people were bidding at $20 increments and the total reached $160 just as the there seemed only to be one bidder left.  At that point I raised my hand and bid $300.  There was an audible hush and as the m.c. annou
nced that I had won, I said no, it's not me who won, it's the lady I was with.

	Everybody seemed quite excited with the idea that Ann was to be the combatant.  There were a bunch of whoops and hollers as the m.c. asked Ann to join him in the front of the ring where the match was to be held.  As she
walked to the front all in the club saw her large, braless breasts bounce and jiggle under the sheer material of her blouse.  Ann was then escorted to the dressing room where she was given an outfit to wear in the fight s
he was going to have with Tina.  After about ten minutes, Ann reappeared.  She was wearing a blue and white spandex outfit that had to be at least three sizes to small.  The material molded itself to her skin as tightly a
s if it were sprayed on.  Absolutely nothing was left to the imagination.  The crowd's reaction to Ann alternated between shocked and silent amazement and spluttering whoops and catcalls.  Ann was given a chance to "dance
" around the area for dollars and she elicited a terrific, enthusiastic reaction.  More than one guy tried to rest his hand on Ann or draw her close enough to him that he would have significant contact with her breasts.
	Tina and Ann took their positions in the ring and waited for the bell.  Tina traded on her experience and as soon as the signal to begin was heard she managed to pull Ann's legs out from under her and jumped astride her
back and tried to pin Ann's shoulders to the ground.  After a bit, Ann managed to arch her back and pulled Tina off her and both girls sprang to their feet.  Once again, Tina knocked Ann off her feet and this time Ann lan
ded smack on her face and I saw that she had a bloodied nose.  The referee stopped the bout and gave Ann a clean towel to staunch the flow of blood.  After a five minute hiatus, Ann declined the opportunity to withdraw an
d insisted that she wanted to continue.  I could tell that she was taking it all seriously.

	There were about twenty seconds left in the first of the three rounds and once again Tina got the advantage which she retained until the bell.  The crowd, however, it was clear was behind Ann.

	The second round lacked the excitement of the first.  Both girls seemed to be conserving their strength as they pawed at each other for most of the round.  Towards the end, Tina sat astride Ann's stomach and seemed to ma
ul Ann's breasts roughly through the material of Ann's outfit.  Between the second and third rounds, I managed to get a few word of whisper to Ann.  My concern was that she wasn't hurt  and she said she was o.k.

	The third round was unforgettable.  Ann exploded out of her crouch when the bell rang and bowled Tina over with a ferocious rush.  In a flash she was smothering Tina and was pinning her shoulders to the mat.  Tina was no
t used to this type of resistance and I saw her pinch Ann's left breast at the nipple.  Ann yelped in pain and drew back from Tina.  Tina took advantage of this trick to throw Ann off her and soon the girls were both back
 on their feet.  There was no hiding that Ann was furious.  This time as the girls grappled, Tina just grabbed Ann's leotard at the neck and tugged.  The material ripped and split right from the neck all the way to below
Ann's waist.  In a flash, both of Ann's breasts flopped free.  Paying no heed, Ann jumped on Tina and once again sat astride her and used her legs to help pin Tina.  Ann also decided that she would not be the only fighter
 exposed to the crowd, and with several yanks, freed Tina's breasts from their containment.  At that point the bell signalling the end of the fight rang.  Both girls got to their feet and neither made any attempt to cover
 up.

	Those in attendance gave the combatants a standing ovation.  Even the girls who had previously fought were applauding the sincere and formidable efforts that Ann and Tina had made.  Both girls stood drawing in great gulp
s of air as their chest heaved as a result of their exertion.  The m.c. huddled with the promoter
while they figured out who would be declared the winner.

	Finally, the m.c. took Ann and Tina each by the arm and  moved toward the center of the ring.
"We have a draw!" he announced.  The crowd reacted loudly to that announcement and quickly the chant
"rematch, rematch" start
ed up.  At that point one of the promoters of this troupe came over to confer with the two girls.
Ann motioned for me to join them.  The promoter, Mike, introduced himself to me and I gave him my
first name.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
If you reply to this message, your message WILL be *automatically* anonymized
and you are allocated an anon id. Read the help file to prevent this.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.

========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Captured by Ann 20/28
From: an138364@anon.penet.fi
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 1995 21:03:51 UTC

Can You Top This? - August 1988

	We drove back towards our hotel and headed up Wilshire Boulevard.  As we passed the Beverly Wilshire hotel, I asked Ann if she wanted to stop off at the hotel for a few drinks.  We were both a little wired and Ann agreed
 that it would be a good idea.

	The cocktail lounge was not crowded at all and Ann and I sat in a booth and ordered our drinks.  The lounge was dark and we were off in a corner.  One other couple was seated in a booth opposite ours.  They seemed engros
sed in their own discussion.  It was not until our drinks arrived that Ann and I talked about her  "combat" that evening.

	"How's your nose?"  I asked.  "Does it still hurt?"

	"No, it's fine.  I am not even sore."

	"You were some sight.  I had almost forgotten how much I enjoy having other people watching you."

	"I like it too," Ann answered, "and you know that it especially pleases me that it is a turn on for you."

	I put my arm around Ann and pulled her close to me to kiss her.  As I did so, I noticed that the couple seated across the way was looking at us.  The fact that they were looking at us did nothing to diminish my attention
 to Ann.  In fact, as  Ann leaned closer and closer in to me she pivoted in her seat somewhat so that I realized her skirt was hiking up ever higher.  As I looked past the couple opposite us I could make out our reflectio
ns in the mirrored wall that was on the far side of the lounge which all in all was about fifteen feet away.  I also realized that what I saw in the mirror was the same perspective that the couple in the booth opposite us
 had.  I could tell that Ann's skirt had climbed so that the bottom of the skirt was only barely covering her bottom and that the back of her nylon-clad legs were in full view.  I decided to add a little spice to what was
 happening and so I pulled slightly on the back of the skirt so that about the bottom third of Ann's bottom was now uncovered.  I could tell that the couple opposite us was paying close attention.  After about thirty seco
nds, I released Ann from my grasp and we returned to our side by side, seated posture.

	I whispered to Ann that our neighbors in the booth across the way had been watching us closely.  Ann and I both then turned and looked at that couple.  The man was in his 30's and was wearing a suit.  The girl was asian,
 with a slim build and seemed to be in her mid 20's.  Their gaze caught ours and they smiled.  They turned towards each other and exchanged a few whispers and seemed to giggle.  Then, the man, mimicking what I had done be
fore, drew his girlfriend toward him and they started to kiss.  Like Ann, the girl shifted in her seat so that she was facing her boyfriend with her back to us, and, as I had, he reached down and bunched up his girlfriend
's skirt and raised it so that she was exposed to us.  The asian girl was wearing black stockings which were supported by a black garter belt.  Her panties had only a narrow strip of fabric running down between her buttoc
ks and they gleamed creamy white in the subdued lighting of the bar.  After a few moments, the sight of the waitress approaching to freshen our drinks prompted them to rearrange their clothing and positions.  I raised my
drink in a silent toast to them and asked our waitress to bring them a round of drinks on our tab.

	After the drinks had been served, I decided to take things one more step.  Reaching over to Ann, I unbuttoned her the top several buttons on her blouse and then, in a manner that was obvious to our "friends" across the w
ay, reached inside her blouse with my left hand and lifted and supported her right breast in my hand.

	After a few moments, I withdrew my hand and leaned back to look across at the couple in the booth across the way.  The man shifted in his seat so his back was to the mirrored wall and drew the asian girl towards him so t
hat she was resting her back against his.  As he nuzzled her neck, he slipped his hand under the pullover blouse that the girl was wearing and quite conspicuously, but under the sweater massaged and kneaded her breast.  T
hen, knowing that Ann and I were watching them closely, he lifted her sweater higher and higher so that as one hand cupped and squeezed the asian girl's right breast, her left was fully exposed.  This continued for only a
 few moments, when clothing was rearranged to restore a modest sense of decorum.

	The couple across the way motioned for us to join them in their
booth and I told Ann that we should join them.  Ann, however did not
want to accept that invitation:  "Bob, I'm tired, let's go back to the
hotel" she pleaded.  I was not happy with this response of Ann's and I
knew that corrective measures would have to be taken.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
If you reply to this message, your message WILL be *automatically* anonymized
and you are allocated an anon id. Read the help file to prevent this.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.

========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Captured by Ann 03/28
From: an138364@anon.penet.fi
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 1995 22:02:37 UTC

Tuesday

	I beat Ann to the office on Tuesday by about five minutes.  Ann
showed up at work in a cream colored blouse over a red skirt.  She told
me that she expected to spend the day interviewing prospective
receptionists and that she had invited an office space broker to visit
her at 2:30 p.m. and that she thought it would be useful if I sat in on
that meeting.  That was fine with me.  I retreated to my office
expecting that I would spend the day watching Ann at work.  Ann busied
herself at her desk and to my chagrin she remained fully clothed.  I
realized why pretty quickly when the door to the suite opened and the
first of the candidate receptionists arrived.

	For probably the umpteenth time in the past day or so I tried to
take stock of what was going on.  I had set out to start my business
and somehow got hooked up with this person who I was wildly overpaying
to handle day to day administrative matters.  Ann seemed perfectly
competent in that respect but she had the out of left field and
remarkable penchant for mesmerizing me through the brazen display of
her breasts.  Where were we going and why wasn't I talking to her in
explicit terms about what was going on?  Obviously Ann had struck a
responsive chord tapping into a voyeuristic streak I had.  For the
moment I continued to think that I would play along t
o see where things were headed.

	That day Ann interviewed about four or so candidates for the
receptionist's job.  When I asked her how things were going she said
that she hadn't yet met anyone who seemed quite right for the job, but
if she did she would bring the person in to meet with me too.  We also
met with the real estate broker and described the space we were looking
for.  We thought that about 4,000 square feet would do and described
the layout we had in mind. Ann was quite emphatic that we were looking
for space that we would could remodel to suit our needs and that we
needed to have the flexibility to do tear down and rebuild  walls to
get things in order.  We had not discussed this and I assumed that Ann
had something particular in mind.  I did not press her on the point
however.


	Ann left at about 5:30.  I thought we had a relatively "normal"
day and that did not bother me.

	At the time I was living in a two bedroom apartment in a highrise
on Central Park South.  I  had sweeping views of the park to the North.
 Initially my habit was to have dinner out with friends, catch a movie
or a ball game or go to a club or a bar and wind up home (generally
alone but sometimes not) at about midnight or 1:00 a.m.  I had arranged
through the superintendent of the building for someone to come in three
days a week to keep the apartment clean and to tend to details like
dropping off and picking up my laundry.

	I had started to give thought to buying a new apartment and to
changing my domestic arrangements.  I wanted an apartment with more
space and I fancied the elegant pre-war apartments along Manhattan's
Park and Fifth Avenues.  I also thought that I would like a live-in
house staff who would keep my residence in order and who would prepare
meals so that I could eat and entertain more readily at home.  I
decided that I would give that project to Ann to supervise.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
If you reply to this message, your message WILL be *automatically* anonymized
and you are allocated an anon id. Read the help file to prevent this.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.

========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Captured by Ann 12/28
From: an138364@anon.penet.fi
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 1995 22:03:22 UTC

	Sharon appeared at out offices precisely at 10:00 a.m.  Allie
directed her to Ann's desk just outside my door.  Ann greeted her
brusquely and brought Sharon in to my office.

	"This is that bitch who we caught stealing at Vanities"  Ann said
as if introduction were necessary.  I motioned for Sharon to sit down.
She was clearly nervous.  She was breathing rapidly.  Ann spoke:  "I've
told this person that for the moment we won't press any charges but she
is to spend the week working here as a lesson to her."

	Sharon said that she was grateful that we were not ruining her
life and that she'd help out in the office.  Evidently she had not
anticipated all that Ann had in mind.

	Ann reached into her bag and produced the two bikini sets that
Sharon had tried to steal.  Ann handed the green set to Sharon and told
her to go into the restroom in my office and put those on.  Sharon
looked shocked.

	"I can't, I won't do that."

	"Your choice" said Ann "we'll just have to report what you did
and then you'll see what happens to your career."

	"Well maybe tomorrow."

	"No, it's to be today, right now, and you better get to it this
instant."

	Sharon recognized her plight and went in and changed.  When she
emerged she clutched the clothes she had been wearing in front of her.
"Put those down" Ann decreed.  As Sharon obeyed, I knew one reason for
her reticence.  As I had noticed when she first tried the suit on, the
front was cut narrowly, and Sharon's pubic hair was so full, there was
no way that the small strip of fabric could contain the lush bush.

	"Sit" Ann directed, still showing absolutely no compassion for
Sharon.  "This is what you can expect.  For the rest of the week you
will do work around here.  You will start work every morning at 8:30
and finish at 6:00.
  All the other people here are your bosses and you are to do what any
of us say.  We won't touch you without your free invitation or consent,
and you won't be hurt physically, but believe me you will be punished."

	Sharon was stunned and plainly shocked.

	"Now get up and go introduce yourself to the rest of the staff
and explain to each of them why you're here and the rules that I have
just explained."

	Sharon couldn't or wouldn't move.  I heard Ann speak with a
firmness I never had heard from her before.  "Do it, you piece of
shit!"

	Sharon got up and went to tell her story to those in the office.
Later Ann gave Sharon some cloth and Sharon spent the day dusting the
office more thoroughly than it had ever been.

	Riding to the office Tuesday, it first registered with me that
Sharon would be present during our special Tuesday regimen.  I asked
Ann who was in the car with me whether she thought it prudent for
Sharon to witness our Tuesday/Thursday activities and dress mode.  Ann
said that she thought that was exactly what was called for.

	At 8:30 as directed Sharon appeared.  Without comment Ann handed
her the yellow bikini and said to put it on.  Ann changed into the
bikini and I saw that she had been busy with scissors and razor the
previous evening.  Ann told Sharon that she would be cataloging our
research report file and put her to work in a desk across from Ann's.
Shortly before 9:30, when everyone else was due to arrive, Ann entered
my office, removed her dress, and wearing nothing but heels, stockings
and a garter belt returned to her desk.  Sharon was too intimidated to
say anything.  Maria and Jodi were the next to arrive.  Seeing Ann,
they knew without having to ask that it was to be business as usual.
Maria unbuttoned her blouse and shrugged off her bra and then, leaving
her slacks on, went to pour a cup of coffee.  Jodi on the other hand
stepped out of the skirt she was wearing and pulled her sweater over
her head.   Soon Allie came in, doffed her pullover top and took the
button down the front sweater she kept in the office, so that she could
easily answer the door as the need arose.

	Ann marched over to Sharon's table.  Sharon watched as I did as
Ann's impressive breasts went into motion as she walked.  Sharon also
took obvious note of Ann's cleanly shaven pussy.  "Join the crowd,
Sharon, you're top has to go" Ann specified.

	Sharon still was not following directions speedily.  Ann flushed:
"Damnit, Sharon you better start doing what I tell you!"  Ann shook as
she yelled her displeasure and her breasts quivered and oscillated as
Ann made her point.

	Docilely, Sharon reached behind her back and separated the hooks
that held her bikini top in place.  Sharon was plenty busty, to be
sure, but she was not in Ann's league in that department.  Her breasts
had a sag to them and they would shimmy and bounce with whatever
movement Sharon would make.   The rest of the morning was not out of
the ordinary.  Sharon worked on her indexing project and no one paid
particularly close attention to her.  Around noon time Ann told Sharon
that a buffet had been set out in the conference room and that if she
wanted lunch she should help herself.  After lunch, Sharon was told,
she should get some towels and damp washcloths and some spray bottles
of alcohol and witch hazel from the closet in the bathroom as she would
be in charge of "personal cleanup" which was not otherwise explained.

	Around 1:00 everyone retired to the playroom.  Ann and Maria drew
the red marbles, meaning they were to be with me, and Allie and Jodi
drew the blue marbles.  Sharon appeared with a stack of towels,
washcloths and sprays.  Sharon appeared unsure of what was to happen
until she noticed that I had taken my clothes off and that Maria had
taken her slacks off too.

	Maria and Ann were arm in arm as they came over to where I was
seated on a cushion, their ample breasts touching.  We kissed and our
tongues entwined in a three way tangle.  After a bit of this, with my
right hand fondling Maria's right breast and  my left hand lifting and
kneading Ann's left breast, Maria and Ann shifted so that they both
began to run their tongues up and down the sides of my penis.  I was
aware of the fact that Allie was kneeling between Jodi's outspread legs
and I gaged from the movements of her head that she was making swooping
upward movements with her tongue along Jodi's spread lips.  Jodi had
become increasingly receptive to the affections of the other women,
especially Allie, in recent months.

	I noticed that Sharon was seated off to the side.  She was
watching the activities before her with interest.  Her nipples were
hard and prominent.  I had rearranged things so that I was entering
Maria from behind, "doggy-style."  My legs straddled Ann who was
tonguing Maria's clitoris from underneath and was occasionally diverted
to tongue my balls.  Ann's huge breasts also were rolling against the
inside of my thighs.

	Jodi and Allie were now in classic 69, interrupting each other
only to emit  the occasional whimper and sigh.

	Finally, as my thrusting led to the sense of inevitable release,
I withdrew only to spray all over Ann's face, her breasts and Maria's
haunches.  Allie and Jodi lay in each other's arms, their faces
glistening with the other's juices.  We were all spent.

	"Get to work Sharon, clean us up."  Ann reminded Sharon of what
she was there to do.  Sharon approached Ann first, but Ann said to take
care of me first.  Sharon had a wet washcloth in her hand and was very
ginger in washing me off.  I told her that I won't break and told her
to clean me off well.  Sharon finished each of us in turn and by two
o'clock we were all back to work.

	I had misgivings about Sharon and Ann's judgment for that
 matter.  After all we had taken an outsider into our confidence, shown
her how we run our business and conduct ourselves without her having
indicated any affinity for what we are all about.  I did not share this
concern with Ann however.

	On Wednesday Sharon came to work and still had work to do on her
indexing project.  Ann, to my surprise and I am sure Sharon's was
pleasant to her.  Sharon was not asked to change from the clothes she
wore to work and by the end of the day she was chatting with Jodi and
Allie.  Just before she left, Ann spoke to Sharon.

	"Tomorrow is a day like Tuesday, Sharon.   I have some things in
mind for you so come to work tomorrow with your shortest skirt."

	"O.K."  Sharon answered.

	Thursday morning saw Sharon come to the office with a canary
yellow skirt that ended a few inches above her knee and white,
sleeveless blouse.  Ann took her aside and said that her skirt was not
short enough.  Ann had Sharon roll up her waistband so that Sharon's
skirt now ended high on her thighs and when Sharon sat or bent over
there was no way that she could conceal her panties.  Ann, in keeping
with the fashion of the day, had opened her blouse and as she walked
around the office her breasts danced in and out of view.  After Maria,
Jodi and Allie were at work, Ann called Sharon over.  Ann handed Sharon
a large white dildo and told Sharon to take off
her panties and put the dildo inside her.  Sharon offered no resistance
and followed Ann's direction.  Ann told Sharon she was to keep  the
dildo inserted unless one of the others gave her permission to remove
it.

	For the rest of the morning, Sharon's situation was apparent to
everyone else.  When she stood, the end of the dildo projected below
her hem, when she sat her skirt hiked up and her inability to close her
legs made sure that everything was quite visible.

	At one, as we retired to the playroom for the now traditional
activities, Ann asked Sharon if she wanted to draw a marble along with
everyone else.  Sharon hesitated, but then said that she'd prefer to be
on the sidelines.

	"That's up to you, Sharon" Ann explained "but you are going to
have to be something other than a detached bystander sitting on your
hands."

	"I understand" Sharon answered.

	The draw had Maria and Jodi with the red marbles which left Ann
and Allie to their own entertainment.  Jodi was in a pretty frisky
mood, and dove right down to take me in her mouth.  Maria joined in and
I settled back for a totally passive experience as Maria and Jodi
traded having me in their mouths.

	Ann and Allie were also fully engaged.  Each was occupied kissing
the other and had their fingers sliding in and out of the other's
pussy.  For her part Sharon was manipulating the dildo in and out  and
she was groaning as her self- stimulation had its effects.  I came with
force and Maria bore the brunt of my ejaculation, taking it in her
mouth.  Ann and Allie shortly seemed to achieve their resolutions.  At
that point we all focussed on Sharon.  Sharon was in the throes of
achieving her own bit of ecstasy as she pumped the dildo in and out.
Ann moved closer to Sharon and placed her hand on Sharon's thigh.
Sharon opened her eyes and nodded encouragement to Ann. Ann reached
between Sharon's legs and took control of the dildo,  while Sharon
shifted to finger-stimulating her clitoris.  Sharon came with explosive
force, and then buried her head against Ann's chest.  Ann
nuzzled Sharon with surprising tenderness.

	Later that afternoon, Ann called Sharon into my office.  Ann had
cleared what she intended to tell Sharon with me.
"Sharon, as far as we are concerned, you have squared your account with
us.  And we appreciate the good job you have done for us this week."

	"You mean you won't make me come here any more."

	"No, you're free and here, take these."  Ann handed Sharon a
large and small envelope.  Sharon opened the large envelope and found
the video I had made when she was in Vanities.  She did not ask if
there were any other copies.  She opened the second envelope and found
a check for $2,000.  Ann explained that was her salary for the week.

	Sharon sat there, finally speaking and saying how she really had
learned a lesson and appreciated how we had acted.  Ann then spoke: "We
like you Sharon, and want to make an offer to you.  We want you to work
here as our lawyer.  You know what the work atmosphere is like, and
we'll pay you $150,000 a year, which we think is more than you could
expect to make elsewhere."

	"I'll have to think about it. I'm not sure."  Sharon said.

	I spoke up.  "What is there to think about?  You know the type of
businesses that I am in and I can use a lawyer to make sure that
everything is documented properly."

	"It's not the work, I am sure that will be challenging."

	"What is it then?"

	"Well, considering how I started here, as a punishment, I don't
think I'll have the respect that I need to have from the rest of the
staff."

	"I'm sure you will, but I think we can do something that will
make clear your stature in the office."

	Ann and Sharon both looked at me quizzically.  I continued:
"Sharon, for four days Ann treated you at her whim, for the next four
days, why don't you direct Ann to do what you want?"  I was  stunned by
what I had said, but instinctively I knew it was right.  Ann looked at
me with a strange, but not hostile, expression.  She thought for a
second, and then took action.  In a move very reminiscent of what Allie
had done in her job interview, Ann dropped to her knees, looked at
Sharon and spoke.  "I am yours to direct."

	Sharon thought for a second and then seemed to decide what to do.
 "It's very simple, Ann.  For the time being you are to follow me
around on your hands and knees and like a faithful puppy, you are to
wait for me to tell you what to do.  And like a puppy, Ann, you are to
be wearing nothing, no clothes, no underwear, no jewelry, nothing."

	"Yes, Sharon"  Ann's role reversal response.  Ann took off the
blouse which had been hanging open across her shoulders to shield her
from the chill.  Sharon decided to parade Ann in front of her new
co-workers and got up to let everyone else know that she had now become
officially one of us.  The sight of Ann crawling along was pretty
interesting.  Ann really had to hold herself high off the ground to
prevent her breasts from hanging so low they would scrape along the
carpet.  By arching her back in this way, it had the effect of tilting
her butt and pussy so that her are lips were well displayed at the
juncture of her legs in the rear.  Ann and I shared a cab home at the
end of the day.  She was totally silent during the ride home.

	When we arrived home I decided that I would soak in the tub to
unwind.  I looked for Clara or Sara to get things ready and voiced a
little frustration when I saw that Clara was busy preparing dinner and
Sara was downstairs in the basement laundry room.  Ann realized what
was irking me and volunteered to get things ready.  I leafed through
the day's mail and sauntered into the bathroom off my bedroom.  Ann had
drawn the tub and she was kneeling by the side of the tub with various
soaps, brushes, and shampoos lined up next to her.  I slipped into the
water and permitted Ann to take care of everything.  I barely could
keep myself from falling asleep.  Of course, part of the washing
process required Ann to soap my balls and my cock.  Her touch had an
inevitable effect and a periscope popped above the surface of the
water.  Ann leaned over and slid her mouth over what had pro
truded.  She was unable to prevent her hair from getting wet and her
breasts were being squashed against the side of the tub.  I was a
little rough as I placed my hand behind her head and forced her to take
me deeply.  She did not resist.

	The next day, at work, Sharon decided that she would assert
herself with Ann during that day and then, she had told me in advance,
she would release Ann from the rest of her four day sentence as she
hoped simply to get along with Ann and develop an easy working
relationship.  Sharon's first task for Ann was simple.  While Allie
manned the reception area, the rest of us gathered around Ann in a
series of chairs arranged in a circle.  Ann was blindfolded and told
that she had to use her mouth to bring each of us off.  Sharon had
arranged for Jodi to relieve Allie, after Ann had relieved Jodi (albeit
in a different sense).  It took Ann about ninety minutes
to complete the circuit.  She readily identified each of us and seemed
to hesitate only when she was not sure who was who between Sharon and
Allie, but she got it right.

	Then, Sharon told Ann that she was to spend the rest of the work
day with my cock in her mouth, and then with a thought to
practicalities, said 50 minutes of each hour, the last 10 minutes of
each hour she was excused. The idea excited me, as I realized that I
would either be in a perpetual state of arousal or that Ann would have
her challenges.  Ann took a pillow and arranged it in the well in my
desk and took me in her mouth.  At the outset, she made efforts to lick
and move her head along me, but as time wore on she rested her head on
my thigh, and just held me in her mouth.  Periodically she shifted in
position to maintain her comfort.  After a half hour or so, I felt
myself getting more aroused and reached down to caress her.  Sharon
came in to announce that it was time for Ann's break, and Ann took
advantage of the opportunity to stretch her legs.  At the top of t
he hour, Ann resumed her position and I started to pay attention to
some of the paperwork on my desk.  Maria came in with a question and
while I sat at the edge of my desk with Ann's mouth wrapped around me,
Maria and I discussed rates of return on a few different investments I
was  contemplating.  Without being obvious, Ann started to twirl her
tongue around me and I became more of a challenge for Ann to maintain
in  her mouth.  Maria continued to talk to me about the analysis she
had done and stepped around my desk to  look over my shoulder at the
spreadsheet we were studying.  I was doing my best to maintain my
composure and Ann was doing her best to undermine it.  Ann won.  I
exploded in her mouth,  Mindful, of Sharon's instruction, Ann kept me
in that warm and wet haven, but a good portion of my come ran out of
the side of her mouth, down her chin and ran in a stringy, viscous mess
from her chin to her breast.  Maria noticed what had happened and
decided to help Ann out.  She bent down next to Ann and like a cat
tending to its kitten, lapped Ann clean.  As  she licked Ann's face and

chin with long swipes of her tongue, many of those swipes  passed along
the base of my cock and my balls.  That process jolted me back to a
state of arousal and, once again, more of a challenge for Ann to
fulfill Sharon's last edict.

	Later that evening, I treated everyone to dinner to celebrate our
new office configuration.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
If you reply to this message, your message WILL be *automatically* anonymized
and you are allocated an anon id. Read the help file to prevent this.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.

========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Captured by Ann 13/28
From: an138364@anon.penet.fi
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 1995 22:04:53 UTC

	Sharon appeared at out offices precisely at 10:00 a.m.  Allie directed her to Ann's desk just outside my door.  Ann greeted her brusquely and brought Sharon in to my office.

	"This is that bitch who we caught stealing at Vanities"  Ann said as if introduction were necessary.  I motioned for Sharon to sit down.  She was clearly nervous.  She was breathing rapidly.  Ann spoke:  "I've told this
person that for the moment we won't press any charges but she is to spend the week working here as a lesson to her."

	Sharon said that she was grateful that we were not ruining her life and that she'd help out in the office.  Evidently she had not anticipated all that Ann had in mind.

	Ann reached into her bag and produced the two bikini sets that Sharon had tried to steal.  Ann handed the green set to Sharon and told her to go into the restroom in my office and put those on.  Sharon looked shocked.

	"I can't, I won't do that."

	"Your choice" said Ann "we'll just have to report what you did and then you'll see what happens to your career."

	"Well maybe tomorrow."

	"No, it's to be today, right now, and you better get to it this instant."

	Sharon recognized her plight and went in and changed.  When she emerged she clutched the clothes she had been wearing in front of her.  "Put those down" Ann decreed.  As Sharon obeyed, I knew one reason for her reticence
.  As I had noticed when she first tried the suit on, the front was cut narrowly, and Sharon's pubic hair was so full, there was no way that the small strip of fabric could contain the lush bush.

	"Sit" Ann directed, still showing absolutely no compassion for Sharon.  "This is what you can expect.  For the rest of the week you will do work around here.  You will start work every morning at 8:30 and finish at 6:00.
  All the other people here are your bosses and you are to do what any of us say.  We won't touch you without your free invitation or consent, and you won't be hurt physically, but believe me you will be punished."

	Sharon was stunned and plainly shocked.

	"Now get up and go introduce yourself to the rest of the staff and explain to each of them why you're here and the rules that I have just explained."

	Sharon couldn't or wouldn't move.  I heard Ann speak with a firmness I never had heard from her before.  "Do it, you piece of shit!"

	Sharon got up and went to tell her story to those in the office.  Later Ann gave Sharon some cloth and Sharon spent the day dusting the office more thoroughly than it had ever been.

	Riding to the office Tuesday, it first registered with me that Sharon would be present during our special Tuesday regimen.  I asked Ann who was in the car with me whether she thought it prudent for Sharon to witness our
Tuesday/Thursday activities and dress mode.  Ann said that she thought that was exactly what was called for.

	At 8:30 as directed Sharon appeared.  Without comment Ann handed her the yellow bikini and said to put it on.  Ann changed into the bikini and I saw that she had been busy with scissors and razor the previous evening.  A
nn told Sharon she would be cataloging our research report file and put her to work in a desk across from Ann's.  Shortly before 9:30, when everyone else was due to arrive, Ann entered my office, removed her dress, and we
aring nothing but heels, stockings and a garter belt returned to her desk.  Sharon was too intimidated to say anything.  Maria and Jodi were the next to arrive.  Seeing Ann, they knew without having to ask that it was to
be business as usual.  Maria unbuttoned her blouse and shrugged off her bra and then, leaving her slacks on, went to pour a cup of coffee.  Jodi on the other hand stepped out of the skirt she was wearing and pulled her sw
eater over her head.   Soon Allie came in, doffed her pullover top and took the button down the front sweater she kept in the office, so that she could easily answer the door as the need arose.

	Ann marched over to Sharon's table.  Sharon watched as I did as Ann's impressive breasts went into motion as she walked.  Sharon also took obvious note of Ann's cleanly shaven pussy.  "Join the crowd, Sharon, you're top
has to go" Ann specified.

	Sharon still was not following directions speedily.  Ann flushed: "Damnit, Sharon you better start doing what I tell you!"  Ann shook as she yelled her displeasure and her breasts quivered and oscillated as Ann made her
point.

	Docilely, Sharon reached behind her back and separated the hooks that held her bikini top in place.  Sharon was plenty busty, to be sure, but she was not in Ann's league in that department.  Her breasts had a sag to them
 and they would shimmy and bounce with whatever movement Sharon would make.   The rest of the morning was not out of the ordinary.  Sharon worked on her indexing project and no one paid particularly close attention to her
.  Around noon time Ann told Sharon that a buffet had been set out in the conference room and that if she wanted lunch she should help herself.  After lunch, Sharon was told, she should get some towels and damp washcloths
 and some spray bottles of alcohol and witch hazel from the closet in the bathroom as she would be in charge of "personal cleanup" which was not otherwise explained.

	Around 1:00 everyone retired to the playroom.  Ann and Maria drew the red marbles, meaning they were to be with me, and Allie and Jodi drew the blue marbles.  Sharon appeared with a stack of towels, washcloths and sprays
.  Sharon appeared unsure of what was to happen until she noticed that I had taken my clothes off and that Maria had taken her slacks off too.

	Maria and Ann were arm in arm as they came over to where I was seated on a cushion, their ample breasts touching.  We kissed and our tongues entwined in a three way tangle.  After a bit of this, with my right hand fondli
ng Maria's right breast and  my left hand lifting and kneading Ann's left breast, Maria and Ann shifted so that they both began to run their tongues up and down the sides of my penis.  I was aware of the fact that Allie w
as kneeling between Jodi's outspread legs and I gaged from the movements of her head that she was making swooping upward movements with her tongue along Jodi's spread lips.  Jodi had become increasingly receptive to the a
ffections of the other women, especially Allie, in recent months.

	I noticed that Sharon was seated off to the side.  She was watching the activities before her with interest.  Her nipples were hard and prominent.  I had rearranged things so that I was entering Maria from behind, "doggy
-style."  My legs straddled Ann who was tonguing Maria's clitoris from underneath and was occasionally diverted to tongue my balls.  Ann's huge breasts also were rolling against the inside of my thighs.

	Jodi and Allie were now in classic 69, interrupting each other only to emit  the occasional whimper and sigh.

	Finally, as my thrusting led to the sense of inevitable release, I withdrew only to spray all over Ann's face, her breasts and Maria's haunches.  Allie and Jodi lay in each other's arms, their faces glistening with the o
ther's juices.  We were all spent.

	"Get to work Sharon, clean us up."  Ann reminded Sharon of what  she was there to do.  Sharon approached Ann first, but Ann said to take care of me first.  Sharon had a wet washcloth in her hand and was very ginger in wa
shing me off.  I told her that I won't break and told her to clean me off well.  Sharon finished each of us in turn and by two o'clock we were all back to work.

	I had misgivings about Sharon and Ann's judgment for that
 matter.  After all we had taken an outsider into our confidence, shown her how we run our business and conduct ourselves without her having indicated any affinity for what we are all about.  I did not share this concern
with Ann however.

	On Wednesday Sharon came to work and still had work to do on her indexing project.  Ann, to my surprise and I am sure Sharon's was pleasant to her.  Sharon was not asked to change from the clothes she wore to work and by
 the end of the day she was chatting with Jodi and Allie.  Just before she left, Ann spoke to Sharon.

	"Tomorrow is a day like Tuesday, Sharon.   I have some things in mind for you so come to work tomorrow with your shortest skirt."

	"O.K."  Sharon answered.

	Thursday morning saw Sharon come to the office with a canary yellow skirt that ended a few inches above her knee and white, sleeveless blouse.  Ann took her aside and said that her skirt was not short enough.  Ann had Sh
aron roll up her waistband so that Sharon's skirt now ended high on her thighs and when Sharon sat or bent over there was no way that she could conceal her panties.  Ann, in keeping with the fashion of the day, had opened
 her blouse and as she walked around the office her breasts danced in and out of view.  After Maria, Jodi and Allie were at work, Ann called Sharon over.  Ann handed Sharon a large white dildo and told Sharon to take off
her panties and put the dildo inside her.  Sharon offered no resistance and followed Ann's direction.  Ann told Sharon she was to keep  the dildo inserted unless one of the others gave her permission to remove it.

	For the rest of the morning, Sharon's situation was apparent to everyone else.  When she stood, the end of the dildo projected below her hem, when she sat her skirt hiked up and her inability to close her legs made sure
that everything was quite visible.

	At one, as we retired to the playroom for the now traditional activities, Ann asked Sharon if she wanted to draw a marble along with everyone else.  Sharon hesitated, but then said that she'd prefer to be on the sideline
s.

	"That's up to you, Sharon" Ann explained "but you are going to have to be something other than a detached bystander sitting on your hands."

	"I understand" Sharon answered.

	The draw had Maria and Jodi with the red marbles which left Ann and Allie to their own entertainment.  Jodi was in a pretty frisky mood, and dove right down to take me in her mouth.  Maria joined in and I settled back fo
r a totally passive experience as Maria and Jodi traded having me in their mouths.

	Ann and Allie were also fully engaged.  Each was occupied kissing the other and had their fingers sliding in and out of the other's pussy.  For her part Sharon was manipulating the dildo in and out  and she was groaning
as her self- stimulation had its effects.  I came with force and Maria bore the brunt of my ejaculation, taking it in her mouth.  Ann and Allie shortly seemed to achieve their resolutions.  At that point we all focussed o
n Sharon.  Sharon was in the throes of achieving her own bit of ecstasy as she pumped the dildo in and out.  Ann moved closer to Sharon and placed her hand on Sharon's thigh.   Sharon opened her eyes and nodded encouragem
ent to Ann. Ann reached between Sharon's legs and took control of the dildo,  while Sharon shifted to finger-stimulating her clitoris.  Sharon came with explosive force, and then buried her head against Ann's chest.  Ann
nuzzled Sharon with surprising tenderness.

	Later that afternoon, Ann called Sharon into my office.  Ann had cleared what she intended to tell Sharon with me.
"Sharon, as far as we are concerned, you have squared your account with us.  And we appreciate the good job you have done for us this week."

	"You mean you won't make me come here any more."

	"No, you're free and here, take these."  Ann handed Sharon a large and small envelope.  Sharon opened the large envelope and found the video I had made when she was in Vanities.  She did not ask if there were any other c
opies.  She opened the second envelope and found a check for $2,000.  Ann explained that was her salary for the week.

	Sharon sat there, finally speaking and saying how she really had learned a lesson and appreciated how we had acted.  Ann then spoke: "We like you Sharon, and want to make an offer to you.  We want you to work here as our
 lawyer.  You know what the work atmosphere is like, and we'll pay you $150,000 a year, which we think is more than you could expect to make elsewhere."

	"I'll have to think about it. I'm not sure."  Sharon said.

	I spoke up.  "What is there to think about?  You know the type of businesses that I am in and I can use a lawyer to make sure that everything is documented properly."

	"It's not the work, I am sure that will be challenging."

	"What is it then?"

	"Well, considering how I started here, as a punishment, I don't think I'll have the respect that I need to have from the rest of the staff."

	"I'm sure you will, but I think we can do something that will make clear your stature in the office."

	Ann and Sharon both looked at me quizzically.  I continued: "Sharon, for four days Ann treated you at her whim, for the next four days, why don't you direct Ann to do what you want?"  I was  stunned by what I had said, b
ut instinctively I knew it was right.  Ann looked at me with a strange, but not hostile, expression.  She thought for a second, and then took action.  In a move very reminiscent of what Allie had done in her job interview
, Ann dropped to her knees, looked at Sharon and spoke.  "I am yours to direct."

	Sharon thought for a second and then seemed to decide what to do.  "It's very simple, Ann.  For the time being you are to follow me around on your hands and knees and like a faithful puppy, you are to wait for me to tell
 you what to do.  And like a puppy, Ann, you are to be wearing nothing, no clothes, no underwear, no jewelry, nothing."

	"Yes, Sharon"  Ann's role reversal response.  Ann took off the blouse which had been hanging open across her shoulders to shield her from the chill.  Sharon decided to parade Ann in front of her new co-workers and got up
 to let everyone else know that she had now become officially one of us.  The sight of Ann crawling along was pretty interesting.  Ann really had to hold herself high off the ground to prevent her breasts from hanging so
low they would scrape along the carpet.  By arching her back in this way, it had the effect of tilting her butt and pussy so that her are lips were well displayed at the juncture of her legs in the rear.  Ann and I shared
 a cab home at the end of the day.  She was totally silent during the ride home.

	When we arrived home I decided that I would soak in the tub to unwind.  I looked for Clara or Sara to get things ready and voiced a little frustration when I saw that Clara was busy preparing dinner and Sara was downstai
rs in the basement laundry room.  Ann realized what was irking me and volunteered to get things ready.  I leafed through the day's mail and sauntered into the bathroom off my bedroom.  Ann had drawn the tub and she was kn
eeling by the side of the tub with various soaps, brushes, and shampoos lined up next to her.  I slipped into the water and permitted Ann to take care of everything.  I barely could keep myself from falling asleep.  Of co
urse, part of the washing process required Ann to soap my balls and my cock.  Her touch had an inevitable effect and a periscope popped above the surface of the water.  Ann leaned over and slid her mouth over what had pro
truded.  She was unable to prevent her hair from getting wet and her breasts were being squashed against the side of the tub.  I was a little rough as I placed my hand behind her head and forced her to take me deeply.  Sh
e did not resist.

	The next day, at work, Sharon decided that she would assert herself with Ann during that day and then, she had told me in advance, she would release Ann from the rest of her four day sentence as she hoped simply to get a
long with Ann and develop an easy working relationship.  Sharon's first task for Ann was simple.  While Allie manned the reception area, the rest of us gathered around Ann in a series of chairs arranged in a circle.  Ann
was blindfolded and told that she had to use her mouth to bring each of us off.  Sharon had arranged for Jodi to relieve Allie, after Ann had relieved Jodi (albeit in a different sense).  It took Ann about ninety minutes
to complete the circuit.  She readily identified each of us and seemed to hesitate only when she was not sure who was who between Sharon and Allie, but she got it right.

	Then, Sharon told Ann that she was to spend the rest of the work day with my cock in her mouth, and then with a thought to practicalities, said 50 minutes of each hour, the last 10 minutes of each hour she was excused.
The idea excited me, as I realized that I would either be in a perpetual state of arousal or that Ann would have her challenges.  Ann took a pillow and arranged it in the well in my desk and took me in her mouth.  At the
outset, she made efforts to lick and move her head along me, but as time wore on she rested her head on my thigh, and just held me in her mouth.  Periodically she shifted in position to maintain her comfort.  After a half
 hour or so, I felt myself getting more aroused and reached down to caress her.  Sharon came in to announce that it was time for Ann's break, and Ann took advantage of the opportunity to stretch her legs.  At the top of t
he hour, Ann resumed her position and I started to pay attention to some of the paperwork on my desk.  Maria came in with a question and while I sat at the edge of my desk with Ann's mouth wrapped around me, Maria and I d
iscussed rates of return on a few different investments I was  contemplating.  Without being obvious, Ann started to twirl her tongue around me and I became more of a challenge for Ann to maintain in  her mouth.  Maria co
ntinued to talk to me about the analysis she had done and stepped around my desk to  look over my shoulder at the spreadsheet we were studying.  I was doing my best to maintain my composure and Ann was doing her best to u
ndermine it.  Ann won.  I exploded in her mouth,  Mindful, of Sharon's instruction, Ann kept me in that warm and wet haven, but a good portion of my come ran out of the side of her mouth, down her chin and ran in a string
y, viscous mess from her chin to her breast.  Maria noticed what had happened and decided to help Ann out.  She bent down next to Ann and like a cat tending to its kitten, lapped Ann clean.  As  she licked Ann's face and
chin with long swipes of her tongue, many of those swipes  passed along
the base of my cock and my balls.  That process jolted me back to a
state of arousal and, once again, more of a challenge for Ann to
fulfill Sharon's
 last edict.

	Later that evening, I treated everyone to dinner to celebrate our
new office configuration.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
If you reply to this message, your message WILL be *automatically* anonymized
and you are allocated an anon id. Read the help file to prevent this.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.

========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Captured by Ann 14/28
From: an138364@anon.penet.fi
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 1995 22:06:52 UTC

February 1983

	"Good morning, Marie" I said to our receptionist as I arrived at
work on a cold Monday in February.  I hung up my coat and went to my
desk.  Moments later, my secretary, Gerry, brought me a steaming cup of
 black coffee and I turned my attention to the paperwork at my desk.

	There had been some changes over the past five years.  Allie and
Jodi had left.  Maria was still with me as was Sharon.  My business had
prospered.  My investments had done well, as I was interested in each
project and made sure that each made sense from multiple points of view
so that if I were building a store or mini-mall, I was concerned not
only about inherent land values but the specific plan for commercial
exploitation.

	We had not yet replaced Jodi who was our back-office head.
Looking for a replacement was Ann's job, but Ann was not due back in
the office until the next week.  She was on duty at home.

	Periodically I had found it necessary to establish certain
borders and boundaries with Ann.  Inevitably, as we dealt with each
other, I found it more and more natural to treat Ann almost as a
spouse.  I find myself caring for her, depending on her, and I ease in
to a relationship where it becomes unnatural for me to treat her as an
employee, and for her part, Ann loses that little edge which I have
always admired, namely her desire to find new ways to appeal to my
jaded erotic sense.

	About every eighteen months or so, then, I have to find a role
for Ann that reasserts our relationship.  I suppose the time I had her
comply with Sharon's directives was the first.  Now, while Clara and
Sara were visiting their mother in Brazil, I detailed Ann to take care
of our home--to make sure that all meals were prepared and to do all
the other domestic chores.

	Tonight, Ann was responsible for preparing and serving dinner for
me and my guests.  I was entertaining at home for dinner an important
advisor to one of my investing partners who lived in London.  The man
who managed that investor's affairs was also British but had just moved
to the United States.  When I invited him for dinner, he indicated that
the person who he normally would have asked to come along was herself
away that week.   Knowing that he seemed to admire Gerry, I asked him
if he would like me to invite Gerry to join us.  He seemed pleased with
the idea so I did.

	I called Ann to go over the plans for dinner.

	"Ann, we'll be home around 7:30.  We'll have drinks and hors
d'oeuvres and dinner around 8:30.  Gerry will come with me and I guess
Tony will meet us at the apartment around that time too."

	"Do you want to go over the menu?"

	"No, Ann I'm counting on you to have thought of everything and to
make sure that you serve a nice, elegant supper."

	"Will you call later?"

	"I don't know, just plan on seeing me when we get there at 7:30."

	"Bye."

	"Bye."

	I buzzed for Gerry to come in.  "Gerry," I asked "Tony was happy
that you will be joining us for dinner tonight."

	"That's good."

	"Do you like him?"

	"I work for you, Bob" was Gerry's reply.  "How can I 'like'
anyone else?"  As she spoke Gerry was fingering the buttons on her
blouse as if waiting for an invitation for her to make herself
available to me.

	Gerry was in her early 40's.  She was about 5'8" tall with
cascading, wavy golden, reddish hair which I presumed was maintained
with the aid of her beautician.  She had the type of figure for which I
was a sucker.  Full breasted, but still thin and trim.  Although Gerry
did not approach Ann in terms of the fullness of her breasts, she was
still, easily, a D-cup.  She had long legs which she frequently showed
off as her habit was to wear very short skirts.  My mind reflected back
on that comic afternoon when Gerry was hired.  Ann had brought her in
to see me.

	"Why does this job pay three times the going rate for the most
senior of executive secretaries?" Gerry had asked.

	"We want to hire people who will have loyalty to us and to the
way we do business here.  I am sure that Ann told you about our dress
code."

	"Actually not.  What are you talking about 'dress code'?"

	The look on Ann's face let me know she had skipped that part of
the interview.  She spoke up.  "We've been interviewing so many people
that I guess things blurred together and I thought I had mentioned it,
but Gerry the reason I brought you in to see Bob was that I was so
impressed with your skills."

	"So what's the story with the dress code.  for what you're paying
I really can't imagine what sort of dress code could be a problem.
You'll tell me about it later."

	"Gerry, we'll tell you about it right away, because we have to
know you are comfortable with it."

	"The only thing I wouldn't be comfortabe with is a no-dress dress
code" Gerry said, thinking she was joking.

	"Well, Gerry" I said "I'm glad you mentioned that.  Thanks for
applying."

	Gerry seemed stunned that what she intended to be a sarcastic
comment turned out to be on the mark.  "You mean that's it?  Your dress
code is that I have to work naked?"

	Ann answered.  "No, Gerry.  All we require is that twice a week,
everyone goes topless.  Complete nudity is an option  you can select."

	"Well why didn't you just say that in the first place.  I've no
problem with that.  That's how I go to the beach anyhow."

	Ann and I exchanged looks.  We were unclear whether to take Gerry
seriously.  Gerry must have realized our quandary and took matters into
her own hands.  We watched as Gerry stood up and tugged the ends of her
beige blouse out of her skirt.  Starting at the button near her collar,
she opened each and then shrugged her blouse off her shoulders.  She
was wearing a beige bra that fastened in the front.  She opened the
clasp and released her breasts from their confinement.  She looked at
us triumphantly and sat down.

	"I guess that settles that" I said.  "Welcome aboard."
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
If you reply to this message, your message WILL be *automatically* anonymized
and you are allocated an anon id. Read the help file to prevent this.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.

========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Captured by Ann 21/28
From: an138364@anon.penet.fi
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 1995 22:10:17 UTC

		Commitment and Renewal - August 1988

	Ann and I left the lounge in silence and we headed toward our suite.  I was angry and a bit frustrated.  I knew we had not taken things as far as I would have liked them to go with the nameless couple we had encountered
in the bar.  But more than that, I was not happy that it was Ann who called a peremptory stop to the development of this encounter.

	We entered our suite and, without comment, I went to the closet to hang up the sport jacket I had been wearing.  Ann must have sensed from my manner and look that I was displeased.  "Bob, didn't I do enough tonight?  I f
ought for you, I displayed myself for you in front of all those people in the club and I let you undress me in the middle of the bar downstairs."

	I turned to answer Ann and so that she was seated on the edge of the bed and that her eyes were red-rimmed with tears brimming.  I knew there was something else going on in her mind.

	"Look, Ann, I really don't understand.  I hardly had to twist your arm to do any of those things and we both know that as much as I like exhibiting you, you like having people watch and admire you.  So what is this all a
bout?"

	Ann did not immediately answer me.  She sat in the edge of the bed, sobbing softly.  Finally, she spoke.  "I guess it is because I wonder sometimes what I am to you.  Sometimes I think you think of me only as a body or a
 performer that you can place in different roles."

	 My response was not sympathetic.  "Ann, after eleven years you don't know how I feel about you?  No one else has been as much a part of my life as you have been.  You know that."

	And then I took a chance.  "Look if being with me and the life we have worked out together does not suit you, I'm not holding you back.  You're free to do whatever you want.  You've made enough money with me over the yea
rs so that you never have to work another day in your life.  If our life together is not enough for you, well then I am not going to hold you back."

	Neither I nor Ann could believe what I had just said.  For my part, I could not imagine life without Ann and the last thing in the world I would have wanted would have been for Ann to have said "Fine, I'm leaving."   And
 Ann look absolutely terrified that I might have meant what I said.

	"No Bob. No Bob. No." Ann answered me.  "I don't think I could bear to be away from you."  I sensed Ann's self-protective reaction as she seemed to pull herself, at least outwardly, together.  Ann regained a sense of pur
pose. "Look Bob, I guess I was thinking a bit too much about myself."  She continued: "You know I only want to find ways to please you.  Forget about my tantrum. Let me make it up to you."

	At that point Ann, who had been sitting on the edge of the bed, slithered off the end of the bed, and literally on all fours crawled over to where I was standing.  Now on her knees before me, Ann grabbed the front of her
 blouse ripping it open in one violent tug with the buttons flying off in different directions.  Now bare chested, she tried to insinuate herself against me and opening her mouth while tugging at my pants, she drew me in
to her.  I leaned back against a chest of drawers and remained standing while Ann kneeled before me.  Feeling a profound sense of power, uncharacteristically I found myself grabbing Ann by the hair and back of her head an
d I took over control of the rhythm with which she was drawing me in and out of her mouth.  As a result the normal languid, warm and liquid sensation I was used to in these circumstances was disrupted by the gentle abrasi
on of teeth and the guttural sounds  Ann made as I bumped against the back of her palate or her throat or as her breathing patterns were interrupted.  At the end, acting more in the emotion of the moment than by plan, I w
ithdrew just as I started to come and in so doing, and in the same way that certain feral animals mark their territory, I sprayed my essence all over Ann's face and hair.

	We did not talk much more that night and I went to sleep with some little unease.

	The vague sense of things being not quite right was with me when I woke in the morning.  I tried to place or explain in my own mind what was going on, but I was not quite able to do it.  At least not then.  Initially, I
thought the hostility I felt was towards Ann.  When room service knocked at the door with our breakfast, I told Ann to answer the door.  She was in the process of getting dressed and at that point she had been standing in
 front of a mirror brushing her hair while wearing slacks and a bra
which was sufficiently sheer that her nipples were easily discerned.
When I told her to answer the door, Ann reached for her blouse, but I
indicated tha
t she should just open the door as she was.  Ann complied and opened
the door to our suite.  The room service waiter tried to be nonchalant
about things as he arranged our breakfast service, but the frequent
glances he gave in Ann's direction let me know that this was not within
that waiter's normal routine.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
If you reply to this message, your message WILL be *automatically* anonymized
and you are allocated an anon id. Read the help file to prevent this.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.
