Copyright © 1998,   (Christopher Allan Peters).  ALL Rights Reserved
The following story is being published anonymously for the author 
(Christopher Allan Peters) by Mr Double (mrdouble@mrdouble.com).  


---------

To: mrdouble@ix.netcom.com (mrdouble)
Subject: A great story

Here is a story my girlfrend sent me.
It is a great if long story,i hope you can use it.
So here is part 1 of 4 of Aunt Carol.

-----

                            Aunt Carol
                                by Christopher Allan Peters
**This story is affectionately
dedicated to Miss Juliette Anderson and
director Henry Paris, two pioneers, never to be forgotten.


                                ******
'Understanding women' is an oxymoron. You never really understand them.
If you're lucky you survive them. Take exhibitionism for example. Why do
some women, maybe even a co-worker or the wife of a neighbor, get pleasure
from flashing hapless shoe salesmen or "surprising" pizza delivery boys 
wrapped in just a towel? Power? Danger? What possesses some women to
perform sex in front of others or even before a camera? What is the
drive that causes them to cast all caution and modesty to the wind and 
actually do it? 


The part that excites me even now, after all that I discovered that first 
summer, is what is going through their beautiful minds as they are showing
themselves? Maybe my fiance, Alicia, had it right when she told me,


"Guys are, like, so serious and heavy about sex. With girls, its different,
not such a big deal. Its just like going to the bathroom with us."


I'm not saying I understand every woman. But after that summer there were
a few that I thought I knew pretty well. The bad part, the really bad 
part that still freaks me even today, is the price of my education. It's
true. You can pick your friends, or even your lovers, but you can't pick
your family.


                                *******
I put down my suitcase and pressed the doorbell which chimed inside the large 
house. I had not seen my aunt and uncle for nearly five years and I still 
wasn't sure we would get along for the year or so I would be attending 
college and renting a room from them. This summer was going to be sort of 
a trial. School wasn't starting for another two months.


Aunt Carol was my Mom's younger sister and had been something of a black 
sheep in our family. Mom had kept contact even if others didn't. She was a 
bit wild and had married Uncle Jerry who was the quintessential loud-mouthed
salesman type. 


Mom never told me all the details but she said their wedding was pretty wild, 
especially some of Uncle Jerry's friends who were more party people than my 
Mom's side of the family could handle. I tried to press her on it but she 
told me I had better ask Aunt Carol about it herself someday.


She was always a more stylish dresser but there was definitely a family 
resemblance when Mom took off her glasses. I had visited with her about
five or six times while growing up and I'd never seen her in anything but
a dress or skirt and high heels. I used to think she was a Barbie doll
when I was little.


"Hi Aunt Carol", I smiled.


"Chris! Hi! Come on in. I'm so glad to see you.", she blurted reaching over 
and pulling me against her in a hug and kiss. 


As she pressed me against her I suddenly was aware that I was flattening her 
breasts underneath the knit dress she had on and that she was not wearing 
a bra. I felt a twitch in my crotch that wasn't at all innocent embarrassment.


"Chris, my boy, come on in and get settled.", Uncle Jerry boomed as he
grabbed the suitcase out of my hand.


He had gotten balder in the years since I'd last seen him and developed a
bit more of a paunch but he was as overbearing as ever as he showed me around
their very spacious two-story house. With no children of their own it was
no problem for them to board me in one of the five bedrooms.


As he talked I kept looking over at Aunt Carol and noticed how really 
gorgeous she was even if she was twenty years older than I was. I had never 
been especially attracted to "older" women but this felt really strange and 
dangerous for some reason. 


Some of it must have been the way she smiled at me when our eyes met as if 
she had some secret she was dying to tell me but was holding back. It struck 
me how much she resembled the actress Stella Stevens from the old Jerry 
Lewis movie. 


I also noticed she was not reluctant to gaze at my crotch when she thought 
I wouldn't notice which was something I'd never have suspected from a my own 
aunt. Of course, Uncle Jerry was completely oblivious to our little game. At 
least it seemed that way.


After some chit-chat and catching up on family matters I went back upstairs
to unpack and get settled into my new room. It was located down the hall
and across from the master bedroom and had its own bathroom. I undressed
and went into the bathroom to get ready for bed. 


Hanging from the shower curtain rod were several pairs of pantyhose, nylon 
stockings, and a rather plain white elastic garter belt. Apparently Aunt 
Carol used this bathroom to rinse her "unmentionables" and had forgotten to 
take them out before I arrived. I reached up and took down a pair of the 
pantyhose, feeling them in my fingers as my mind imagined her just slipping 
them off. They were soft, the all nude kind. I held them up to my face 
briefly but they had been washed and had only a faint detergent scent.


My penis began to swell. I draped the pantyhose over the tip and drew them 
across ever so slightly. I took down the stockings and did the same, 
letting the silky material irritate the sensitive underside of my penis. 


Suddenly, a knock came on the bathroom door and I was jolted back to reality. 


"Chris, I left some things of mine in there. Would you be a dear and hand 
them out to me?"


"Just a moment. I..I."


I quickly grabbed a towel and wrapped it around me then opened the door.
Aunt Carol pushed the door open quickly and walked in.


"Sorry to be such a nuisance but I left some rather intimate things in
here and I..".


She stopped in mid sentence. She could plainly see my erection 
tenting out the towel but pretended not to notice as I pulled the garter belt
off the rod and handed it to her. Our hands touched for a moment and again 
she smiled.


"Jerry forgot to mention that he starts a two week sales trip tomorrow.
He'll be up and gone before you get up so you won't be able to say goodbye."


She paused just a moment and then in a very suggestive voice added, "Well, I 
guess that means you'll be the man of the house for a while. Are you too big
now to give me a good night kiss?" 


I leaned over and nervously gave he a mild peck on the lips. Before I could 
withdraw she had stepped forward and held her mouth to mine much longer than 
normal decency would allow. I felt a hot surge both in my face and in my 
crotch that left me somewhat breathless. She finally backed off, turned 
on her heels, and disappeared down the hall into the master bedroom. 


The last thing I remember was the slight brushing of her skirt on her thighs 
as she disappeared through the door. I didn't manage to fall asleep for 
nearly two hours as I replayed the bathroom scene in my mind. This arrangement 
was beginning to look rather interesting.


                                ******
It was just after 9:00 when I rolled out of bed, slipped on some oversized
shorts, and started down to get some breakfast. As I came out of the room
I could here the shower running in the master bathroom and a sudden hot
thought rushed through my mind. I wonder if my aunt is now nude in the 
shower? I looked outside in the driveway and saw that Uncle Jerry's BMW was 
gone so it could only be Aunt Carol in the house. 


With my heart pounding at the craziness of it I quietly tiptoed down the 
hall and stood outside the door listening. I didn't dare try to open it but 
just stood quietly as my penis swelled again in excitement. I could here her 
moving in the shower as she washed, trying to imagine what she must look 
like all nude and wet. 


I heard the water shut off and nearly stopped breathing as she opened 
the shower door and dried herself. There was a few more moments of eerie 
silence and then, a sound similar to an electric razor but much 
deeper and heavier. I could only be from a large massager or vibrator. 
The next sound twent through me like an electric current. It was  my aunt's 
voice but in a deep, guttural moan,


"Oh..mmmmm.Ohhhhh..Yeaaaah."


The moaning was subdued but distinct as my gorgeous aunt masturbated only 
inches away with a very loud massager. From the location of the sound she 
must have been sitting on the toilet as she played the rubber head over her 
labia and clitoris. Her breathing quickened and built to a crescendo finally 
ending a long, grunting gasp, 


"Yesss..yess..mmm...aaahhh."


I was sweating and my penis was as hard as iron. I tried to visualize the
intimate scene I had overheard. Still shaking I walked back down the hall
and downstairs to try to regain my composure over some coffee and toast.
A bit later I heard my aunt's voice at the top of the stairs.


"Chris, would you help me out with something up here?".


I tried not to blush when I finally came face to face with her but I must
have turned red.


"Chris, are you all right? I hope you're not getting sick?" she asked with
mock compassion. 


She was wearing a white and yellow cotton dress with a button front and 
flared skirt that fell about six inches above her shapely knees. She had 
on a bit more makeup than usual and her blond hair was loose at her shoulders, 
held over her ears by two large combs on either side.


"I need to go out an do some shopping at the mall and I can't decide which
shoes go with this outfit? If you help me out I might let you come with
me, ok? Now, which should I wear the yellow pumps or the white strap heels?"


Now, I know computers, and swimming and stuff like that but women's shoes? 
However, as the wise man said 'I may not know art but I know what I like'.
The white shoes had a 5 inch heel and a thin T-strap that  buckled around 
her ankle. My penis voted for the white.


"The white shoes are nice.", I replied, my voice somewhat strained.


"I thought you'd like those. Well, since you like them so much why don't you 
help me on with them while I get these earrings on?"


I kneeled down at her feet facing her shapely calves that shimmered from the
sheer stockings she was wearing. I slipped the first shoe around her 
stockinged foot and as I did I inadvertently pulled her legs apart slightly. 


From my position I could make out the welt of her suntan thigh
top stockings and the pale expanse of her thigh above but couldn't see
beyond before she shifted and brought her legs into a more lady-like
posture. I fastened the first buckle on the strap. She must have noticed my 
fumbling and thought it was cute.


"Chris, don't get all nervous. I know you have been seeing several
girls at school from what your mom has told me so you aren't a complete
idiot around women."


Then she got very serious as if she was finally going to let out the secret
she had been harboring since I arrived.


"You know, dear, education is not just about books and such. Most young
guys like you are completely naive about what women are really like. And
by the time you figure it all out you're like Jerry, too old or burned
out to care. One way or another you need to learn something of the world of
women." 


She looked straight in my eyes with that half smile that made me want to
come right there.


"If any women is in the mood, no fantasy is beyond her experience and she'll 
stop at nothing to satisfy it. Not marriage vows or all the taboos of 
society will prevent her from fulfilling her needs. It's something we
must have picked up from Eve, you know, in the Bible."


She lifted up my chin in her hand and gave me a long kiss that took
my breath away for an instant. Then she laughed and got up.


"Now for being such a dear and helping me, I'll give you a treat. But first
you have to close your eyes and not open them till I say. Ok?"


I stood up still a bit out of breath and faced her as she headed out
the bedroom door. Closing my eyes, I concentrated for the moment on the
faint fragrance of her expensive cologne and another musty smell that I
couldn't yet place.


"Ok. Open your eyes."


A hot rush surged through my face and crotch almost simultaneously.


Standing in the doorway with her back to me, Aunt Carol had gathered the
skirt she was wearing in folds and was holding it above her waist.


My eyes rose from the white straps of her high heels, up her shiny calves
and over the tan welts of her thigh tops now in plain sight. Her firm, 
smooth bare thighs rose upwards to her absolutely bare buttocks, smooth 
white melons parted down the middle and with a slight fringe of her 
blond bush peeking out at the apex of her thighs. She was not wearing any 
panties or even a thong and the sight of her sudden nakedness almost 
stopped my heart. 


With a tiny squeal and a quick flexing of her right knee and calf, she 
dropped the white drape of her skirt, smoothed it with her hands, and 
proceeded down the hall to wait for me to get ready. Fifteen heart-pounding 
minutes later I was dressed and we were headed for the car to drive to the 
mall.


                                ******
I sat in the passenger seat while Aunt Carol drove the large Mercedes 
sedan. I was still trying to make sense of it all. It seemed like I
had ventured into another world where all the rules I'd ever known were
no longer valid. And still I couldn't take my eyes off my aunt as she
drove, her dress riding just above the welts of her stockings and all the
while that slight grin of expectation.


"God, Chris, how much of a hint do you need?" my aunt said breaking
the silence.


"What do you mean?" I queried in genuine confusion.


"You keep staring at my legs but you can't bring yourself to touch me. You
must have more willpower than any young guy your age to resist a come-on
like this."


I reached across and ran my right hand over her knee, slipping it under
her hem and stroking the bare flesh above the welt. She took a slight breath. 


"Much better. That feels nice. Now, how high can you go?"


My knuckles just brushed the soft curls of her pubic hair when a car pulled 
along side and I jerked away, embarrassed that we would be seen.


"They can't see in the tinted windows, Chris, so don't worry. I've tried to 
look in and you can't see a thing."


Traffic had picked up by now and we turned into the mall parking lot before
I could reach my lofty objective at the top of her thighs. I inconspicuously
brought my hand to my face on the chance that I picked up her woman scent
in my attempt but it smelled only of hand soap.


"Would you get my door for me please?", she asked casually.


I went around to her side and pulled the heavy sedan door open. Feighning
carelessness, but all the while knowing just what she was doing, Aunt Carol
spread her legs apart leaving one leg on the floorboard while stretching the
other leg as far out of the car as she could physically manage. The effect
was to pull her skirt clear to her waist and give me for the first time
in my life a momentary, unobstructed view of my aunt's open, pink womanhood.


The flash was painfully short. I blushed at the indecency of it even as
I strained for a better view. Her pubic hair was a dusty blonde and seemed
trimmed very neatly. The inner lips just peaked out and gaped a bit at
the very bottom. In the sunlight it was hard to tell if she was wet but if
she was as wet as I was hard she'd be drenched. 


Then, in a flash, she  brought her other leg around and got out, the wayward 
skirt slipping into place, frustrating me. I now knew that my function
on this shopping spree was to serve as the foil for her exhibitionist 
teasing. I just hoped my penis would not break in half before she was done.


She took my arm and we walked into the mall where she explained what she
had planned. She showed me the spot where she said I should stand if I wanted 
to learn something about women. The spot was just next to and below a rather 
large escalator with a glass side that was moving up. As I stood for several 
minutes I realized that quite without being obvious I could look almost 
straight up the dress of any woman riding the escalator over my position. 


Now, most of the women there were not worth watching but now and then a young, 
nicely dressed woman would get on and stand right next to the glass giving 
me a clear view of her pantyhose and panties as she passed overhead. 


On at least two occasions my eyes met with the woman I was watching. They 
clearly knew what I was doing but said or did nothing.


I watched as my aunt walked to the escalator and got on. She pretended to
be unaware, gliding directly over my view. I could only imagine what 
was going through her mind as she felt my gaze on her bare ass and vagina
as she rode past. 


We walked along a quiet hall. She asked me to hold the bag she was 
carrying so she could pick up a bill she had "accidentally" dropped on the 
floor. In one casual motion she drew her skirt up and squatted with her 
legs spread wide, experiencing the cool feeling as I stared across at her 
gaping, pink-tinged vagina. 


After several of these "accidents" she seemed even more agitated and we 
ended up going into the large department store. 


She grabbed a dress from the rack that was obviously the wrong size and told
me she was going to try it on in the fitting room. I thought it was odd
that it took her nearly ten minutes to discover that the dress wouldn't fit. 
That was until I saw her emerge from the fitting room  somewhat shaky and 
flushed. She had obviously just masturbated in there to relieve her 
excitement. I asked her point blank, 


"Did you just go in there an get off? I mean right in the dressing room 
where anyone could hear you?"


She looked at me with a slight smile and said, "Does this answer your
question?". 


She held her right fingers to my face and immediately I inhaled the deep, 
musky, marine scent of her intimate wetness. I was so hard and ready to come 
by this point that I was getting the shakes. I couldn't hold back doing 
something real soon but it appears she had one last tease planned.


"I must confess, Chris, that it excites me no end to go out in public in
a dress and no panties. I've done it since I was just a teen and it
still feels daring and wicked. But there is one drawback that I always run
into. I always get so horny and wet that it starts running down my legs and
if I sit on my dress, the back gets all wet. I just hate to go around with a
big wet spot on my skirt. I need to wipe myself off before getting in the 
car. I could go into the ladies room but that wouldn't be as fun as having 
you wipe me off right here."


We were standing in a somewhat deserted corridor that led to the parking
garage but still it would be risky.


"Do you have some tissues or something I could use?", I asked taking the
dare.


"I'm afraid not. Actually, the only thing I think you could use that you
wouldn't mind getting soiled are your own underpants. Why don't you just
quickly slip them off and wipe me?"


In a bizarre trance I felt myself unbuckling my belt and dropping my baggy
shorts. I felt her eyes on me as I slid down my black cotton briefs releasing
at long last my rigid erection. She gathered her dress to her waist in a 
single motion and, stepping beside her, I wiped her wetness from her bare 
buttocks and the insides of her thighs. 


We were terrified as we risked discovery to carry out this absurd 
exhibitionist act. As she dropped her dress, I slipped on my now wet, stained 
briefs that wreaked of her scent, pulled up my baggies, and followed her to 
the car. 


At this point my head was so twisted that nothing she or I did would surprise 
me. This was my Aunt Carol, my mom's sister, and yet I wanted her sexually
more than anything I had ever wanted since discovering girls. My education 
had only just begun.


                                ******
We pulled out of the garage and started down the street headed back to
the house. Aunt Carol turned to me while driving.


"I'm really very proud of you, Christopher. You're really being very mature
about my little games and all. Some boys your age would not be able to
control themselves as well as you have. We weren't really sure how you'd
react to my overtures but I think we're going to get along quite well."


She reached over with her free hand and rubbed the back of my neck mussing
my hair a bit and smiling that small smile, more of just an involuntary
parting of her lips as if she couldn't find the will to close them
completely. 


I was slightly puzzled by her use of the pronoun "we". I couldn't imagine 
Uncle Jerry and she had hatched her little seduction. I mean, what was in it 
for him taking off on his convenient trip and all.


After a short silence she continued.


"I hear you have a girlfriend. She's a senior in high school or something.
Why don't you tell me about her? Is she pretty? Are you two...serious?"


"Yeah. Well her name is Alicia Aronesti and I met her at a swim meet before I
graduated. She's a cheerleader and graduates next year. I guess we're 
'serious' if it means what I think you think it means."


I blushed. We both knew it meant that I had had sex with her which I had, 
a couple times. Alicia was a year younger than me at 19 with a model's figure. 
She had long straight blond hair that reached midway down her back. I really 
liked her because she was fun and not flaky. I really couldn't stand flaky 
or pushy girls.


"Well, do you have a picture of her? I'm really very curious to see what she 
looks like.", Aunt Carol asked.


I took out the school picture I had of her in my wallet. She was sitting 
very demurely in a dark plaid skirt, knee socks and saddle shoes, white
cotton blouse and dark blazer that made up the traditional school uniform.
I really liked the picture because I had caught her with her legs a little
too far apart. You could see a lot of her thighs but not any higher.


I handed it to my aunt whose eyes narrowed as she held it before her.


"Oh, Chris. She's really very lovely. I see they're still wearing the same
uniforms I had to wear when I went there. I guess nothing changes. Tell me
if you know. Does she also wear white cotton panties or does she do like 
the girls did in my time and wear really sexy panties underneath in protest?"


"Well, she usually wears white or pale yellow nylon bikini panties as far
as I've noticed. Why?"


My aunts eyes sparkled for a moment as if she were remembering some past
experience.


"You must call her and invite her down as soon as we get back. I'm
sure she misses you and you two can have the run of the house when I'm out."


"I don't know if her folks would agree to that. They are pretty conservative
as far as I can tell. They don't even let me take her out on a week night."


"Maybe if I talk to her and her mom we can work it out. Ok? It's worth a try."


Her hand was rubbing my thigh very suggestively and I wasn't about to argue
with her. Anyway, if she could arrange to get Alicia to come down we could
finally have sex without getting jammed in the back of my folks Buick.


"First though, since you've been such a delight I want to finish your lesson
for today with a special course in 'How to Make Love to a Mature Woman'."


                                ******
It was just after three when we pulled in and Aunt Carol told me I should
make myself comfortable in the living room while she changed from her
shopping attire. I turned on some tunes on the expensive sound
system and occasionally checked my crotch which by now had a very large
wet spot on it. I didn't want to run upstairs to change out of my soiled
underpants so instead I took off my shorts and briefs, washed off a bit in
the powder room sink, and slipped on my baggies without any briefs. 
It felt really free and wouldn't cramp my erection.


A half hour had passed since Aunt Carol had gone upstairs and I was 
beginning to wonder what she was up to when I heard her coming down the
stairs. As she came into view my mouth instantly went dry and my penis 
stiffened against my thigh.


She was wearing a sheer black chiffon and satin peingnoir robe
which only served to veil her long, black chiffon and lace nightgown 
underneath. The nightgown was very low cut, the lacy cups of the bra 
barely covered where her nipples would begin. It was slit to her waist on
both sides revealing her shapely legs clad in dark taupe nylon
stockings affixed at their welts with garter straps. 


The garters stretched from a narrow waist cincher corset that encircled her 
middle and pushed her pubic triangle and buttocks out making them more
prominent. To complete the effect she wore black patent leather strap heels 
that firmed her ample calves as she walked across the carpet to the sofa 
where I was sitting.


"I hope you like what you see?", she cooed as she slinked down next to me 
bringing her mouth to mine and crushing me to her in a long pent up embrace 
that felt like liquid silk. 


Her subtle cologne wafted in my nose as my hands slid lighter over the peaks 
of her breasts beneath the chiffon gown. I undid the front of the robe, 
threw it back and nearly tore the strap of the nightgown as I pulled it down 
off her shoulder.


"Boys like you are always in such a rush to get to the main event. Why
don't you just take a breath and enjoy the whole ride?"


She lowered the left cup of her nightgown exposing her breast. She had very 
firm, smooth breasts up to her aereola which was dark rose and about three or
four inches across with small knobs encircling her nipple. 


I held it up to my mouth and began gently licking and teasing it with my 
tongue as she stroked the back of my head. It took a few moments until I 
heard her sigh in a long breath. 


Her passion and arousal soon engulfed all her reason and restraint. She had 
undone my baggies and I lifted up to slide them off. When she saw I had 
remove my briefs and my penis was in plain view she chuckled in approval.


"I hope you don't plan on coming for a while. I wouldn't want to have you
lose interest until we've both had our fun."


She touched my penis lightly with her slender, soft fingers, pulling the 
skin back and forth with deliberateness and gently sliding over the base.


"I bet Alicia just starts stroking as hard as her little fingers can bear,
doesn't she? Doesn't it feel better when I just caress it down here at first?
Hmm...Chris?"


She slid down into my lap, her warm breath on my penis as she spoke.


"Now the tip. The tip is just sooo sensitive isn't it Chris?" 


She took her slender index finger and drew it directly across the drooling 
slit in the tip. The irritation caused me to shudder and my penis to spasm 
in pleasure. I felt her warm wet lips kiss my knob before encircling 
it and tonguing the slit to remove the fluid. She avoided any stoking of my 
shaft, especially the underside which would have caused me to explode in an 
instant at this point.


She stood up and lowered the other nightgown strap letting it billow over
her ankles before stepping out of it. Then, driven by her own wantoness
and in need of quick satisfaction, she unhooked the garter belt and garters,
rolled the sheer nylons to her ankle straps and nearly dragged me up the
stairs to the large master bedroom.


"I wish I could keep up the game a bit longer,", she said in 
a husky, strained voice, dropping any further pretenses, "but I'm afraid 
if I don't get you inside me in the next instant I'll simply come without 
you. Come over here and fuck me." 


She was laying on her back, her eyes glistening, with a pink flush on her 
chest and belly. She had her thighs wide apart and drawn up inviting me to 
penetrate her vagina, fringed by her dark blond pubic curls.


I slipped between her thighs, reaching underneath to caress the cheeks
of her soft ass then bringing my cock in contact with the wetness of her 
inner labia. I looked directly into her eyes, as she did mine. 


There was no shame or hesitation, only the kind of overpowering 
need that subsumed any sense of propriety. The fact that she was my mother's 
sister not to mention a married woman twenty years older and that this 
should never be happening meant nothing. I was about to penetrate her 
vagina and share the most intimate human embrace with my own aunt and 
no power on earth was going to stop us.


As my tip parted her lubricated labia and began to spread her open, 
she received me with a long moan of utter surrender. Her smooth 
folds drew me in ever higher until I was fully ensheathed, resting 
against her belly with the upper surface of my shaft rubbing 
unavoidably on her engorged clitoris. 


There was only the slight squeaking of the bed accompanying her involuntary 
moans and cries and muffled gasps of pleasure as we rhythmically rocked 
back and forth in our carnal embrace. With her mouth next to my ear she 
whispered almost inaudibly,


"Mmmm, yesssss..right there...mmm...ahh,ahhh,Chris..I'm...I'm going to come."


A few more thrusts and I felt her buttocks stiffen and her thighs
squeeze together. I opened my eyes to look into her face as 
her mouth gaped open. She emitted a deep, wrenching moan as if her 
whole body was tightening like a spring. My index finger reached down at
the last moment and stroked the side of her throbbing clit in a rapid 
circular motion that sent her over the top in a spasm of pleasure. She 
came with a massive cry and shudder. 


As her thighs continued to quiver under me, an involuntary
expression of her deepest passion, all the teasing, all the games, all the
feelings I experienced as she had exposed herself converged in
one moment. The sensation went from the base of my balls to the soft tip at 
the end of my penis, now being massaged by her vaginal walls. 


After a last futile effort to resist the inevitable, I exploded in an 
intense, convulsive orgasm. It was almost as if I were turning inside 
out. Spasm after spasm ejaculated what felt like a quart of semen into the 
inner envelope of her vagina. 


After collapsing against her for a moment I realized I hadn't even lost my 
erection. Which was fine with her as I would soon find out.


                                ******
"Mmm...that felt great for starters. You must have been holding
back for some time. I could feel every spurt of your come against my cervix.
Why don't you get a taste of your own come and I'll show you how much girls 
are just like boys."


I slid down over her belly drawing one of her large, erect nipples
into my mouth and fondled the underside as she lay on her back. Then, I 
lifted one of her thighs and began slowly licking down the inside toward 
my ultimate destination.  


Her inner lips glistened with a glaze of mixed outpourings. I held the lips 
apart with my fingers and bent down to lightly lick the length
of her slit. It was musky and a bit salty and metallic. As I tongued the 
side of her clitoris she moved her hand along her thigh and began playing 
with her own lips, getting her fingers damp. Then she inserted two fingers 
up into her vagina, all the while  whispering for me to lick her clit faster 
and faster. She began thrusting her hips up and down against her fingers, 
stroking from inside with greater and greater urgency.


"Don't stop yet...please darling...keep licking until...until I'm..mmm..
ready...yes, there.."


After a moment of unexpected silence her breathing accelerated and
her whole pelvis tightened. She lifted her buttocks up off the bed,
arching up with her legs.


"Get...get ready...ohhh yesss...its coming...comming...OHHHHHH!!!!"


I backed off to watch her come. She withdrew both her fingers and began 
massaging just her clit. Her vagina opened to expose the inner membranes 
and I was hit with a series of wet spurts that came from just inside on 
my cheek and nose, running into my mouth. It was much thinner than her 
lubrication but had only a faint taste and definitely was not pee. Her 
vagina seemed to turn inside out, pumping a thin stream of my semen over 
the crack of her ass and onto the bed sheet.


"Has your sweetheart Alicia ever done anything like that? I told you women 
were more like men than you ever knew. With a little practice they can 
even squirt come like a man. Of course, I've been practicing for some time.", 
she breathed.


She drew me up to her face again and softly licked the remnants of her
outpouring from my startled face.


"Now its time for you to do the same for me. I want to see and taste your 
come and don't you dare hold back a drop." Then she added, "One more little 
secret I should let you in on. Most women just love to watch 
a man come and fantasize about it quite a bit especially when they...arouse 
themselves. Watching a man's buttocks squeeze together as he reaches his 
orgasm and the jets of come shoot from his penis is a super turn on for any 
woman...if she's honest enough to admit it." 


I straddled her chest with my penis inches from her lips and began to
stroke the sensitive underside with my three fingers and thumb. Looking 
down at her open eyes and slightly parted mouth I began to feel my
orgasm rise within me. At the last moment I groaned, 


"Ohh yeah...its coming...coming...awwwhhhh."


I felt my balls convulse and a solid stream of semen shot forth onto 
her lips. She lurched up to catch the full stream in her mouth. The next 
several spurts went to the back of her throat and she swallowed every drop 
she could.


"You can't believe how I love to watch your face when you come, Chris. It's
so vulnerable and honest." 


She was already playing with my penis again, getting me hard in 
anticipation of satisfying her once more. She turned on her tummy, raising 
up on her knees and offering me a view between her thighs from behind. 


I moved behind her and she reached back and guided me into her opening. 
In this position my penis was pushing directly down onto the front of her 
vagina against the upper wall. She suddenly moaned and shrieked as her orgasm 
swept over her. I felt the sudden surge of wetness inside that accompanied 
it which triggered my own gut wrenching orgasm. I was left drained and, 
blissfully limp, not surprising after three orgasms in less than an half-an-
hour.


I must have fallen asleep for a while because when I opened my eyes it
was completely dark except for the light that came in from the hallway. 
I was lying on my stomach, aware of the sensation of a hand gently caressing 
my nude buttocks.


"Did I wake you up?", Aunt Carol whispered in the quiet darkness, "I
just wanted to stroke your buttocks for a bit. They're so hard like a man's 
but still smooth, almost like a woman's."


I could see she had put on a short nightie without any panties. She had one 
hand in her lap and was caressing herself as she massaged my backside. 
The light made the nightie transparent and I could see the contours of her 
breasts rise and fall beneath the sheer material with her breathing.
She came almost silently, then crawled back under the top sheet. I drifted 
back into peaceful, dreamless sleep.


                                ******
I had completely lost track of time. I awoke and glimpsed the clock on the 
nightstand with half-open eyes. It was just after 9:30 in the morning. I was 
nude and alone in the bed which was a mess to say the least. 


I hadn't heard Aunt Carol get up and I wondered where she might be. I also 
realized I'd fallen asleep without eating dinner which accounted for the
growling in my stomach. I splashed some water on my face and headed 
downstairs to get some breakfast. 


As I came into the kitchen I found my aunt on the phone. She was talking to 
what sounded like one of her real estate clients about an appointment later 
that day. She was topless and wearing only a pair of black pantyhose with 
no panties underneath. Her pubic hair was pressed and matted under the thin 
black seam that ran from below her navel around and up the crack of her ass. 


Her blond hair was rolled up in four or five very large curlers but she had 
already put on her makeup. I went over to her and slid one hand
between her thighs rubbing her crotch to distraction and tickling her
dark nipple with my other index finger. She tried to squirm away so as not 
to loose her train of thought, fighting back laughter as I fondled her 
crotch through the taught nylon. I reached down her front and probed her 
labia with a fast finger before she abruptly hung up.


"You horny bastard", she said pretending to be upset with me. "These
are very important clients of mine and I've been working to sell this 
property for four months and you want me to blow it by..by coming on the
phone." 


She laughed at her hyperbole. "Anyway, I just bought these hose and
if you run them with your fingernails I'll be super pissed." 


Breaking into a smile, she stepped over to me, reached between my legs, took
my semi-erect penis in her fingers, and squeezed it firmly at the base.
She drew her mouth up to mine and gave me a very warm, wet kiss that 
left a smear of fresh lipstick on my mouth. I held her for a moment while 
she took a paper towel and wiped it off.


"I really wish I could enjoy the whole day with you but this is business 
and anyway I should be back no later than three or four this afternoon."


I sat down with a cup of coffee and put a frozen breakfast in the microwave.
She sat down opposite me looking over with a rather wry grin.


"I was hoping I'd be here with you when Mrs. Grubmeyer and her cleaning
ladies come in this morning but I guess you'll have to get through it 
yourself".


"Cleaning ladies? How many do you need? Any anyway, what do
you mean get through it. I mean they're not going to jump me like you 
did, are they?", I asked laughing at my own absurd joke. 


As I began to eat my sausage and eggs she told me a bizarre story.


"Mrs. Grubmeyer is a very nice older lady in her 50's and a friend for 
many years with a very "unique" cleaning service. She brings in usually two or 
three adult women each week who share a certain fantasy or fetish that I 
don't think you, as a male, would fully understand. She hires women who enjoy 
and are very excited by doing cleaning chores and housework in a stranger's 
home while...while undressed..actually quite nude...except of course for 
their shoes or rubber gloves and such."


I swallowed the coffee that had been propelled up my nasal cavity at her
revelation and remarked, "You're kidding?"


"You might be surprised at what many women find erotic. Lots of women
like to spice up boring housework by cleaning or vacuuming in the nude, some
while their lover watches. These ladies just like doing it in strange places
and getting paid something for it as well. I've already told Mrs. Grubmeyer
you'd be here and she was delighted. I makes it even more
exciting for her helpers to know they are being watched as long as you 
follow the rules and don't...lose control. I want you to save yourself for 
me when I get back so no touching..not them and not...yourself. Ok? 
You can talk to them if you wish but they probably prefer you just act 
invisible. If this is too silly for you, you can just go out until 
they're done and I get back but...they'll be disappointed."


I imagined it might be kind of exciting to sit and watch a houseful of young,
horny lovelies prance about nude for me while dusting and washing, kind of 
like a French maid fantasy or something.


"Ok, I'll stick around I guess. I've got to get cleaned up myself first 
though and I wanted to do some laps in the pool to get ready for swim team. 
When are they coming?"


"In about and hour so we both better get a move on. Oh...and thanks again
for being so mature. You'll have fun...but remember the rules."


She gave me another kiss and I followed her up the stairs 
as she finished getting dressed. She unrolled and brushed out her shoulder
length hair then took a light gray tweed skirt and jacket out of her closet 
and laid it on the bed. She slipped on a lacy white bra commenting that
ordinarily she wouldn't bother with a bra but she wanted to keep things 
businesslike. 


She stepped into the skirt and pulled it up zipping it in back. It was 
a bit short and tight but really showed off her legs after stepping into her 
black high heels. I helped her with her expensive gold link necklace while 
she inserted in her gold hoop earrings. 


She slipped on a very light silk blouse that buttoned just below the top of 
her bra letting the tiniest bit of lace show. Finally, she tucked in her
blouse, put on the jacket, smoothed her skirt in the mirror one last time, 
and blew me a kiss as she disappeared down the stairs. I heard her car leave 
as I turned on the shower and stepped in. I left it on the cold  side to try 
to bring me back to reality.


                                ******
The chilly shower and breakfast had gotten me back up to speed. I even
took a minute to shave the stubble of hair that had been emerging on my
shins and calves. I had never developed a lot a body hair which was great
with me since I tried to keep as smooth as possible for swimming. After
toweling off I put on a pair of flip-flops and went out by the pool in the
nude to catch some sun. 


About ten minutes later, I could hear a car, probably a station wagon or van, 
pull up in the driveway and the sound of several women talking as they got 
out. Well, if they were ready for me I guess I was ready for them. 


The first woman must have been Mrs. Grubmeyer. She was slightly grayed and 
barely five feet tall wearing a green uniform dress and very sensible heeled 
black pumps with tan stockings. She spotted me as I came in and greeted me 
with a wide grin and slight German accent.


"Well, you are Christopher, yes?" as she took my hand. "We are the ladies
who will be cleaning for you. And your aunt, she has told you...all of 
what we...you understand?"


"Sure. I'm just part of the furniture so you ladies just do your thing and
don't mind....me....ah..."


I was looking past Mrs. G. at the two other women who were now coming through
the door. One was an older white woman in her 40's or 50's with a very 
nice, slim figure and dressed in a simple blouse and black slacks. Her name
I learned was Maxine and she would be cleaning upstairs. She looked only at 
my crotch as she came in avoiding my gaze for the moment. The other woman 
was black and in her early 30's I guessed although it was hard to tell since 
she was quite overweight. She wore a black dress with a white collar
which was too short for her heavy legs especially with the rather
spikey high heels she wore on her ample feet. The front was buttoned rather
low exposing her massive cleavage supported by a substantial black
lace bra from below. Her name was Tanya and she would clean the downstairs,
the bathrooms, and do the washing. She carried a large shopping bag with
her and smiled broadly as she looked me directly in the eyes, walked past 
and trundled to the large utility area next to the kitchen to "change". 


There was almost no conversation between them except Mrs. G. who was explaining
what needed to be done. She unbuttoned her dress and pulled it over her head 
hanging it on a coat hanger on the wall hook. She was wearing a white bra 
with control top pantyhose and white nylon briefs underneath. Without the 
slightest self-consciousness she unhooked the bra and removed it letting her 
breasts drop free. 


She had large aureoles and wrinkled nipples that seemed to firm up as she 
exposed them to view. Next, she stepped out of her shoes and in one motion 
slid her pantyhose and briefs over her hips and down her legs. Her pubic 
hair was thin and trimmed in a small triangle below the sensuous paunch of 
her mature belly. Her thighs were fleshy and not sinuous as were her calves 
and her buttocks jiggled some as she stepped back into her high heels. 


She took a breath and from the flush on her face and chest I could tell that 
she was genuinely aroused by the perversity of what she was doing.


"Well, first to work and then maybe we play, ya?" she grinned as she slid
right past me barely missing my rising cock. 


Maxine had just removed her things as well and seemed the most nervous. She 
had on a large diamond wedding set so I knew she was married and probably a 
grandmother. I tried read her face to get a sense of why she was doing this 
but she seemed a bit shy. I was not about to stop her from parading about 
nude before me though. 


Her breasts, although sagging a bit, still had a nice round shapeand her 
nipples were small and dusty pink. Her buttocks and thighs were a bit on the 
thin side. She had worn nylon thigh tops under her slacks and I thought her 
legs looked better with them on but she wanted to be totally nude. 


When she turned and faced me I saw that she was completely shaved which
seemed even more perverse for a woman of her years. I couldn't see her doing 
it to wear a bikini at the beach so it must have been for the shear sensation
of it. I had a lot to learn about the inner fantasies of middle-aged women. 


Then she did something that caused me to blush and my cock to twitch. She 
looked up directly into my eyes and with one hand reached down between her 
legs and began rubbing herself as if to taunt me and test her own will at 
the same time. Only when she heard a chuckle from Tanya did she end her 
tease and proceed upstairs to begin her cleaning.


Tanya waited until the other ladies had undressed in front of me to 
make sure she had my full attention. She was going to strip for me and
despite her weight she had the mind of centerfold. 


She grabbed her skirt in her hands and lifted it to her waist exposing the 
dark nylons and garters she wore underneath. The welts cut into her fleshy 
thighs as they were pulled taught by her garters. Carefully she slid off 
each stocking before pulling the dress over her head. 


She wore a black one piece foundation underneath that constrained her massive 
bosom, belly, and buttocks. It had a zipper in back which she lowered to the 
crack of her ass then dropped her top. Her black breasts flopped out and 
merged with the top of her protruding belly. Each was capped by a huge, 
velvety aereola and nipple as deep black as ebony and fully erect jutting 
out a full two inches. 


She tooka deep breath and pushed the foundation over her belly and hips 
wiggling it down her massive thighs and dropping it to her ankles. Underneath 
she had on a pair of black mesh panties that were almost transparent. She 
tucked her fingers under the waistband and sensuously peeled the final veil 
from her body. 


My mouth grew dry as I gazed at her mottled, voluptuous ass that curved up 
and out like a dark brown pillow with a deep crack splitting it in the 
middle. I took all my willpower to resist biting her gorgeous expanse of 
woman flesh and burying my face between her warm cheeks but rules were rules.


Her belly was almost as sensuous occluding all but the lowest portion
of her dark pubic hair at the apex of her broad thighs. This was a big,
beautiful woman who was clearly turned on by her ample body and not at
all reluctant to reveal it to her young admirer. 


Rather than just step into her high heels she sat down on the metal folding 
chair next to the washer. The cool metal must have surprised her as she 
pressed her bare backside against it because I noticed her quiver a bit as 
she sat. With firm deliberation she put one leg up on the washer leaving the 
other one on the ground and spreading her thighs as wide as her pelvis could 
go. 


My gaze moved from her cherub face to the dark fringe of her thick black 
pubic curls and then to the deep black outer lips of her pussy. They 
provided a dark frame for the crimson and pink inner membranes of her
womanhood that she now so shamelessly modeled for me. She was glistening wet 
and my erection signaled my approval more than words could ever do. 


She brought her one leg across the other and slid the tight high heel over 
one foot then repeated the process with the other foot making a special 
effort to open her legs wide each time. In slow motion she stood up and 
sauntered past me to her duties in the kitchen. 


I stayed only long enough to examine the chair and admire the
large wet smear she had deposited on it. It begged to be tasted but
I knew I was losing control fast. Still, I had promised Aunt Carol to save
myself for her. I resolved to just let the ladies have their fun and
enjoy the ride. Anyway, what more could they do while still cleaning this
big house in less than four hours?


                                ******
At first the three of them seemed rather intent on cleaning up. Maxine
changed all the beds, dusted, and vacuumed upstairs. She was especially
interested in the state of the sheets in the master bedroom which were 
pretty soiled and damp from my aunt's lovemaking the night before. 


After stripping the bed she lay back for a moment against the headboard and 
held the damp sheet to her face sniffing my aunt's distinctive mixture of 
woman scent and expensive cologne. My come just smelled like ..well come, 
I guess. 


Whatever it smelled like, it sure turned on Maxine because she began 
masturbating herself in plain sight of me, inhaling a long breath as she 
began. She took only a few minutes to climax, not wanting to fall behind her 
schedule and eventually reached a rather vocal orgasm consisting of a series 
of sobbing, guttural cries that left her panting on the bed. After a brief 
rest she proceeded to make up the master bed with some clean sheets.


Downstairs Mrs. G was vacuuming but in a rather unusual position. She had 
released the vacuum's handle allowing it to lie flat with the motor section. 
Then lifting it up a bit and getting on all fours she managed to insert the 
unusual phallic-like handle into her lubricated vagina from behind, pushing 
the vacuum back and forth while thrusting against it.


The buzz of the powerful motor acted like a massager and she thrust and
moaned, beyond noticing who might be watching her. As she came she gasped 
some German words and then,


"Ooooh...ya..it comes..IT COMES..YAAAAAAH". 


An instant later the handle was violently expelled while several jets of 
clear fluid  shot from inside her pussy and splashed down on a dishtowel 
she had placed on the carpet between her knees under her tummy. After
catching her breath she stood up and stretched her thighs apart wiping her 
thighs and labia with the towel.


"Good to have a towel when I come like that. It's so hard to get those
stains out once they dry in a carpet, you know.", she remarked, grinning.


Her chest was flushed in a deep pink that extended over the tops of
her breasts and down over her protruding belly. I wasn't sure how the
ladies felt but I knew it was time for me to take a breather.


I walked out through the kitchen where I found Tanya at the sink washing
the breakfast dishes. She was facing away giving me another fine view of her 
broad, coffee colored ass cheeks and mottled thighs. 


Except for her black high heels all she was wearing was a pair of yellow 
rubber gloves and her dangling earrings. Despite her weight I could tell 
from her makeup and hair that she believed she was a hot babe and kept 
herself as fresh and clean as a young girl. I grabbed a soda from the
fridge and walked back out by the pool.


After about forty-five minutes of laps I was refreshed and relaxed. The cool 
water and exercise had shrunk my perpetual hard-on for the moment and I was 
beginning to get used to this little arrangement. After all, the women 
were doing a very routine job and were just trying to just spice up their 
lives a little with this exhibitionist fantasy stuff. If I could add to
their fun then great. I really wasn't all that absurd. 


Coming back into the kitchen I noticed the place was spotless and Tanya had 
done a great job, even cleaning the tile floor. From down the hall I could 
hear the roll and rumble of the washer and dryer as Tanya finished a load of 
laundry. Then I heard a higher pitched sound...a slight, breathy cry followed 
by a deeper, intense moan. I followed the sound to the utility room where 
the laundry was being done. As I looked in my penis throbbed upward.


Tanya was sitting on the metal folding chair. Her legs were apart and resting 
on a low bench with the narrow toes of her black pumps pointing upward. She 
wore one yellow rubber glove on just her right hand which was buried between 
her thighs, two fingers vigorously probing inside her gaping, crimson gash. 


In her other hand she was holding a large, wooden, spring-type clothespin. 
On each of her massive breasts were three similar clothespins, two clamped 
on either side of, and one directly pinching her turgid, black nipples. 
Between her legs I saw four more clothespins clamped to her labia in several 
places, pulling down the pink inner lobes. 


She brought the clothespin she held open down to her belly, then feeling 
with her fingers, since her breasts and paunch blocked any view, she 
positioned the jaws directly over her throbbing clitoris. Carefully, but 
without hesitation she released the spring until the wooden pin fully clasped 
her most sensitive seat of female pleasure in its pincer's grip. If she felt 
real pain she must also have felt deep pleasure from the tender moans and 
sobs she uttered once she got used to the last clothespin on her clit. 


As she teased her clit from beneath and neared her orgasm her chest heaved 
and her massive thunder thighs quivered, squeezing together involuntarily. 
But when the final moment overtook her and her mouth fell open and she let 
go with a series of deep, contralto, 


"Oh...Oh...OHHHs." 


that echoed in the uncarpetted room above the sounds of the machines. 


What most aroused me was the expression on her cherubic face and the twin 
streams of tears that poured down shamelessly from her eyes wetting
her round, cocoa cheeks. More than anything I wanted to kiss those tears of 
pleasure...even more than I wanted to come all over her massive, tortured 
nipples.


"You know, if you all keep drippin' on my floor like that I'm gonna have
to clean it a over again", Tanya spoke to me in hoarse but friendly
admonishment, wiping the tears from her cheeks with her free hand. 


My penis was so hard, and I'd been concentrating and sharing
the sensation of her orgasm so intensely, that a thin stream of fluid had 
streamed down from the tip in a glistening thread that splashed into a 
tiny puddle between my bare feet. This time I really had to get out...
or go totally nuts with lust.


                                ******
I dressed quickly into a clean pair of briefs, jeans, and a T-shirt. I
had been here three days and I'd only used one pair of briefs which were,
however, well used. I drove to a small strip mall and got some lunch 
and tried to reconcile the images of this morning with my own sense 
of...normalcy.  


Since arriving at Aunt Carol's place I had been in a continuous state of 
sexual frenzy unlike anything I had ever felt. When Alicia and I made love 
for the first time in the back seat we were more scared than horny. 


I had picked her up after school and we'd parked out near the forest preserve
which was usually pretty private. Still, she didn't want to undress in case 
someone might see us so she lifted up her plaid school skirt to her waist
and I pulled the crotch of her white cotton bikini panties to one side. 
I wanted to lick her down there but she was reluctant so I took out my penis 
and let her put a condom on me the way she had learned in health class. 


As I penetrated her for the first time I realized she was not a virgin but 
I tried not to think of the other guy's she'd been with and soon we were 
both lost in rapturous love making. We came almost together and dressed 
quickly after a few tender kisses.


I had never felt an orgasm as intense as the one I'd had with Aunt Carol
but there was something about my orgasm with Alicia that was better. It
was a feeling of...giving.


When I got back to the house about an hour later Mrs. G., Maxine,
and Tanya had all left. My aunt was not back from her sales appointment yet 
and it was close to four o'clock. 


"Alicia. It's Chris", I said as I held the cell phone in one hand while
unzipping my jeans with the other.


"Hi. Did you get in all right? I can't believe I miss you already and its
only been four days." 


She sounded happy and relieved to get my call and her soft voice made me 
want her here even more. I told her about my aunt's house and my room and 
then we fell into lover's talk. Eventually, I got to the point.


"Aunt Carol thought it would be great if you could fly down and stay here 
along with us maybe over break. Would your folks go along?"


"Oh sure. Like my mom is going to just let me go stay with my boyfriend at
some stranger's house and not know what we're going to be doing. I don't 
think I could even ask her, I'd be so embarrassed."


"Well, my aunt said she'd call and talk to your mom and maybe she could
convince her. Is it ok if Aunt Carol calls?" 


Alicia was still skeptical but was willing to risk almost anything for the 
chance to be together and alone in my aunt and uncle's big house. She said 
my aunt could call but later when her mom got home from work. After a 
prolonged goodbye we hung up.


After undressing beside the pool, I found an air mattress and
stretched out in the water while I waited for Aunt Carol to return. 
The Mercedes pulled in about ten minutes later and she stepped out onto 
the patio looking like she had just won the lottery.


"Guess who just closed the biggest property in the county? Me,
that's who! So why don't you paddle your bare ass over here and give me 
the big kiss I deserve. I'm worth it."


She was high as a kite over her deal and I congratulated her on a nice
five figure commission. Then she asked how the cleaning ladies had worked out.
I made the mistake of commenting on how bizarre the whole thing was and how
these women seemed rather wacky.


"Hold it!...who are you to call any of my friends wacky. Just because 
they don't have bodies like twenty-something centerfold bimbos and maybe seem 
like they should be baking cookies instead of pursuing their fantasies...
You can't imagine how exciting this is for them...to step out of their dull 
world into a place where all the taboos are forgotten. If you don't like 
the service here, Chris, you can pack up anytime."


I had genuinely offended her and realized the truth in her rebuke.


"Don't get crazy. Geez, I think it was the fact that it turned me on so much
that kind of...shocked me. I wouldn't have thought...Anyway, I did manage
to keep my end of the bargain. No touching all day. I definitely need some
touching right now though."


"Well, let me get out of these things and I'll join you in a sec", she
said smiling from the end of the pool.


"Why don't you just come in like that. With the check you're getting you
could buy a shoe store and still have enough left for a new dress."


My playful suggestion triggered something in her perverse nature. With
deliberation she walked to the pool steps at the shallow end and
began descending into the water still wearing her black high heels, grey
business skirt and jacket, silk blouse, and those smoky, black pantyhose
that had taunted me at breakfast. 


The water soaked the skirt to a dark, almost transparent blue. She continued 
walking in over her waist soaking her blouse and jacket as well. I jumped 
off the mattress and swam underwater to her, admiring her legs which were 
exposed by her floating skirt. 


I lifted her up on the side of the pool still dripping and pushed up the 
clinging, wet skirt to expose her pantyhose underneath. 


The cotton crotch was dripping wet as I brought my mouth against
it and began pushing my tongue into her clit through the material. She was
frantically ripping off her jacket and blouse but only had time to pull her
lacy bra up over her breasts. I caressed her nipples long enough to get
them erect then moved to my real objective. 


The water must have weakened the crotch because I soon had poked a small hole in it
just large enough to get my tongue through. The effect of my wet tongue on
her bare clit after being stimulated though the nylon pantyhose was 
electric. She came with a deep moan, unconcerned who might hear her
beyond the walled yard. With one pull I ripped the crotch of the pantyhose
completely in two then glided my penis up into her wet vagina.


With her legs wrapped over my back we thrust together, the only sounds
being our murmurs and sighs and the wet slapping of our loins. I came inside
her in another long, pulsing, gut draining orgasm that flooded her with
warm semen. 


As I rested inside, I agitated the side of her clit and felt her shudder 
again in a climax that ejaculated her juices onto the tile beneath her 
buttocks.


We got up off the rather hard ground and resumed our lovemaking on the
padded lounger beside the patio table. This time I was underneath with
Aunt Carol straddling my hips as she impaled herself on my renewed 
erection. She was now in control, looking down and uttering her cries
and moans while massaging my penis with the folds of her very wet vagina. 


I felt my second orgasm rising...the warm wetness inside and her words
of love urging me on...closer...closer...BEEEEEEEP...BEEEEEEEP.


It was the cell phone on the patio table. I tried to ignore it but Aunt
Carol, without even losing a stroke, picked it up.


"Oh, Hi darling!". 


She covered the phone and whispered, "It's Uncle Jerry."


I felt my erection immediately shrivel in panic at the idea of
Aunt Carol casually talking to Uncle Jerry with my penis buried in her.
He had just landed at the airport and was going to be home for dinner in
about forty minutes, a day early due to a canceled appointment.


"Chris? Oh, he's fine. He's right here. You want to talk to him?" 


She handed me the phone almost bursting with laughter as I motioned her not
to make me talk to him like this.


"Hi Uncle Jer. So, you're back early, huh?" 


He was asking how I was enjoying myself and how sorry he was to have left on 
his trip so soon after my arrival. I wasn't about to tell him that his 
nephew had spent much of the last three days fucking his wife who was 
presently totally nude on top of him and giggling. 


As I stammered out my end of the conversation I kept one eye on Aunt Carol 
who had gotten off of my flagging member in disappointment and was 
proceeding to taunt me by fingering herself at the foot of the lounger.


"Well, sure we can all go out to dinner tomorrow if you want. That's fine.
Ok. I'll see you when you get here." 


As I looked up Aunt Carol placed her hands on her upper thighs, bent 
slightly at the knees, and, looking directly back at me, began to pee 
into the drain on the deck. It was a full, thick yellow torrent that gushed 
out of her and splashed onto the ground between her feet running 
into the drain.


As I hung up she uttered a long "Ahhhhhhhh" of both satisfaction and 
contempt, then stuck out her tongue at me and laughed at my totally flushed 
expression of amazement.


                                ******
That night when Uncle Jerry returned it was awkward to say the least. Both
Aunt Carol and I had dressed of course but I was sure somehow he knew what
was going on. We were all very pleasant and normal but every time I looked 
at Aunt Carol I felt a twinge of shame and guilt that I knew must be
reflecting in my face. At least for now, though, Uncle Jerry was just his
unassuming self. 


The following morning I went down to breakfast about nine and Uncle Jerry 
was already there sipping coffee and reading the paper. I had put on a pair 
of shorts and a T-shirt and was planning to go out later. 


About then Aunt Carol came downstairs and I couldn't believe
my eyes. She had on a white satin negligee cut very low with a plunging
lace neckline and two slits that went from her ankles to her waist. 
Underneath she had on only a pair of thong panties which were visible
from the side when she bent or stooped. Uncle Jerry barely looked up.


I felt my erection swelling inside my shorts. As she glided
about the kitchen behind his view she continued to tease me, pulling the
front of her negligee to one side and flashing me the panties underneath.
I knew I must be blushing but I tried to act casual as we chatted.


"Did you call your girlfriend Alicia, Chris? What did she say?", Aunt 
Carol queried.


I explained how unlikely it was that her mom would ever agree to letting 
her stay over with me. She then said that maybe she could talk to her mom 
and convince her it was ok. I got her the number and she went upstairs to 
call. I asked to listen in but she just smiled at me and said she needed to 
talk to Alicia's mom woman-to-woman for now. I wasn't sure what she had in 
mind but decided to let her at least try and went out for a walk. 


When I came back about forty-five minutes later Aunt Carol was still on the 
phone as I passed the closed door of the master bedroom. She was talking 
softly and in a voice that sounded almost suggestive but I couldn't make out
what she was saying. I heard her hang up and accidentally leaned on the 
door, opening it far enough to see my aunt standing nude at the foot of the 
bed. She was slipping the satin negligee OVER her head, obviously putting it 
back it on. I went back to my room and a few moments later she came in with 
a Cheshire cat smile.


"Alicia should be able to visit us for about two weeks. Her mom is going to
see when she can get her on a flight, maybe this Saturday. Isn't it exciting?"


"How?...what did you say to convince her. She must understand what...I mean..."


"Now, Chris. I can't tell you every thing I know, can I?" 


Uncle Jerry was downstairs watching a game on TV so I took a chance. I put 
my arms around her waist cupping her bare buttocks through the satin and 
gave her a very grateful, lingering kiss.


"You know", she breathed, "I'm really a little jealous of Alicia. I wonder
what she would think if she knew just how close we had become since
your arriving, Chris?" 


"She'd never understand. I'm not even sure I understand. I know I've never
felt so intensely sexual with anyone as I have being with you. Its
been like a different world, somewhere I never knew existed. It would be
so fantastic if somehow Alicia could be a part of it. Am I making sense?"


"Mmmm. Sounds like you've never heard the ancient Chinese proverb. Be 
careful what you wish for, darling, you might just get it".


                                ******
Uncle Jerry, Aunt Carol, and I went out to dinner that night and stopped
at a dance club for drinks afterward. She was dressed in a short, black
dress with sheer stockings and patent leather high heels with a small
strap across the instep. Uncle Jerry was not really into dancing so
Aunt Carol and I spent most of the time on the dance floor while he
watched us, sipping his margaritas. 


She was grinding up against my crotch at one point in plain sight and it 
suddenly struck me. It was so obvious. Uncle Jerry not only knew everything, 
he was probably setting it up. He was turned on by being a complete cuckold. 
I felt something click...just let go in my head at that moment. I decided to 
test my theory. I'd either blow his mind or he'd probably blow my head off.


It was late when we got back but I couldn't sleep. I waited until I thought
my aunt and uncle had fallen asleep then I got up, my heart pounding, and 
slid off my briefs freeing my penis. 


Tiptoeing down the hall I pushed open the door to the master bedroom 
letting in a sliver of light. My aunt was sleeping closest to the door
while Uncle Jerry was to her left on the bed. 


I crawled over beside the bed and slowly eased back the top sheet covering 
my aunt. To my delight she was wearing only the top of a "baby doll" nightie 
that only came to her waist leaving her bare buttocks exposed. I leaned 
across and brought my face next to the soft fringe of her pussy that peeked 
between her thighs from behind.


Softly, I began to lick her salty, moist inner lips probing slightly into
her hole with my tongue. She stirred, realized what I was planning to do
in an instant, and opened her legs to invite me in. I could hear her 
breathing accelerate as I aroused her clitoris and felt her lips open and
grow wet in anticipation. 


She might have expected me to just get her off with my mouth but that would 
not have tested my theory. Standing up, I lifted her top knee with my hand 
opening her thighs and vagina as she rolled over, fully awake. 


In barely a whisper she said, 


"Darling, please be ever so quiet. You mustn't wake your uncle." 


I didn't tell her that I had already heard Uncle Jerry wake up from the 
change in the sound of his breathing. He was just pretending he was asleep. 
I slid onto the bed between her thighs, my erection just outside her vagina. 
In a slow deliberate thrust I entered her. She moaned loud enough to startle 
me in the quiet bedroom. 


As we melted together and began to make love in earnest Aunt Carol dropped 
all pretense and gave way to her moans and cries leading in moments to a 
full throated, 


"Ohhh...mmmmm...I'm co...coming....OHHHHH."


I was afraid she'd wake the neighbors let alone Uncle Jerry lying beside
her. He rolled over and propped himself up on his elbow looking over at 
his wife and nephew having intercourse next to him in bed.


"Well, I guess you figured out our little game, eh Chris? How does it feel
to be fucking your own aunt in front of your old Uncle Jer?" 


I was looking directly at him and pumping furiously at the same time so my 
face would answer his question as I came inside her. As I inserted my tongue 
down Aunt Carol's throat in a passionate kiss, I stimulated her clitoris with 
my fingers and she arched up quickly in another heaving orgasm. 


We were drenched in sweat and thoroughly spent as we lay together for several 
more moments. Uncle Jerry silently watched us. With all pretense forgotten 
between the three of us, it was time to bring in the next student, my
innocent 19 year old girlfriend of less than a year, Alicia.


                                ******
Traffic was light on the freeway as I drove to the airport to meet
Alicia's flight. I'd taken the Mercedes partly to impress her and 
partly because it was free. Aunt Carol and Uncle Jerry had gone off to 
visit friends in Tahoe for several days.


I had been talking almost continuously to Aunt Carol and Uncle Jerry since 
our soiree about how things had gotten so weird and why. First, I learned 
that Uncle Jerry's business was primarily in the sale and distribution of the 
hardest of the hardcore porno. Mostly videos and magazines and especially
amateur tapes that other couples made and sold. He was doing very well and
I asked how he had gotten into that. That's when Aunt Carol told me his
incredible story. 


As I sat stunned she explained that the balding and paunched
Uncle Jerry I knew had been a very successful porn star in the late 70's
and early 80's. He'd made hundreds of "loops" which were short 8mm films
and dozens of feature 16mm and 35mm stuff. All this time he had probably 
fucked on camera over a thousand different women and girls, alone, in groups, 
and any way imaginable. 


Somewhere along the line he burned out on fucking for its own sake. He found 
that it took more and more excitement and danger for him to get turned on. 
That's when he met Aunt Carol probably one of the few women on the planet 
who could match his sexual creativity and tolerate his psychological game 
playing. 


They had sex together infrequently according to Aunt Carol almost from the 
beginning. What he craved, and got plenty of, was hearing her tell of her 
infidelities and her exhibitionist adventures. 


Eventually, he rigged up their bedroom with hidden video cameras so he could 
spy on her when she brought her lovers home to her marriage bed. He had even 
been spying on us the night Aunt Carol and I fulfilled one of his deepest 
fantasies, watching incestuous sex.


"Some day", Aunt Carol said to me as she noticed my white face, "maybe he'll
let us see the tape he made of us. That would be a hoot, wouldn't it Chris?"


I parked in the short-term area and went in to the terminal to find Alicia
and help her with her bags. As I turned inside the door I immediately picked
her out standing outside the baggage carousel area. I'd almost forgotten how
sweetly beautiful she was. 


She was a tall, leggy 19 year old, blond with hair falling down her back 
almost to her waist. She looked over at me and melted in a smile that needed 
no words to explain. As she breathlessly threw herself around my neck, her 
faint perfume and floral shampoo scent bringing back all the fond memories of 
our moments in the back of the Buick.


She wore only the traces of eyeliner and a pale lip gloss that she proceeded
to get all over me with a shower of wet, lingering "hello" kisses. She was
dressed in a white sweater top and a black skirt with no stockings except 
her socks and athletic shoes. We were carrying on like we'd been apart for 
two years rather than just a few days. 


Her bags finally came down and she handed me four claim checks.


"Alicia, how long did you plan to stay. I thought it was just two weeks. I
only brought three bags with me and I'm staying here a year. What did you
bring that takes four suitcases?"


"I was only going to bring one bag with me but it was my mom. First, she
agrees to let me come down here which was totally weird, and then when 
I'm packing she's telling me like to take all these dresses and shoes and 
even stockings...I mean pantyhose. It was freaky.


She even insisted that I pack my school uniform and my cheerleader outfit.
Maybe she was practicing for when I go to college myself next year, I don't
know. Anyway, I took them but I don't know when I'll have time to wear it.
Especially if we're alone as much as I hope...", she smiled dreamily at me
and made her point.


"I thought you'd like to do some skating at the beach before we head home.
My aunt and uncle will be gone for two days so there's no rush. Did you
bring your suit?"


"It's in my small bag. But won't we have to stop home for me to put it on?"


"No. Come on I'll show you where you can change".


I put her bags on a cart and got them to the Mercedes. Despite having four
bags I was able to get three of them in the trunk and handed the small one
to Alicia.


"You can change right here in the back seat while I drive. Notice the
tinted windows..."


"You're sure nobody can see in, Chris?"


"Look for yourself. My aunt ordered the darkest legal tint, and believe
me she needs it." 


Alicia looked puzzled but I didn't try to explain.


As I drove I tried to adjust the rear view mirror to watch Alicia put on
her suit but I could only get a glimpse without killing us both in a wreck.
She pulled the sweater over her head and unzipped her skirt. She had on
a white bra and bikini panties. She looked up at me in the mirror
and smiled just as she unclasped her bra and exposed her young firm breasts
to the cool air in the car. Her nipples were erect telling me she
was already enjoying her new freedom. She lifted up and peeled down
her panties over the socks and shoes. 


I only had a painfully brief peek at her soft, pale blond pubic triangle as 
she shifted in the seat looking in the bag for her suit. She pulled it on 
over her legs and buttocks then slipped her arms in the stretch material. 
It was a really tight one piece suit with very high cut legs but a tiny 
plunge neckline. Her breasts deserved better but she probably would have 
been self-conscious all day knowing how modest she usually was.


We rented inlines and spent the next two hours skating and necking. We stopped
at a sidewalk shop and got "smoothies" and some cookies to take home.
With the sun going down over the ocean and the soft breeze in Alicia's hair
it was a perfect romantic start to her stay. She looked especially tall and
leggy on the skates and I noticed every guy did a double take when she
whisked by, her soft scent trailing a moment later behind her. We pulled 
into the house and I took her bags in while she surveyed our romantic "villa".


"Oh Chris, would you believe it! A big fireplace and a pool with a spa and
big jacuzzi bathtubs. Your aunt's house is just too rad!" 


She had changed back from her suit into her culottes and sweater in the car. 
We collapsed onto the couch and started necking and fondling each other's 
body in long delayed passion. I massaged her vagina through her panties
while she pulled out my penis and was slowly stroked it with her soft
fingers. She wore pale pink nail polish on her fingers and toes that looked
like small pink candies. 


In mid kiss she breathlessly asked if I had remembered to bring a condom 
with me. I hadn't really found them than necessary since arriving here and 
fucking my aunt for two weeks but I didn't want to get Alicia pregnant like 
some of her friends.


"Maybe my uncle has one in a drawer upstairs", I said keeping my erection
as best I could while Alicia followed me upstairs. 


I couldn't remember which dresser was his and I opened one of the large 
drawers. I was filled with some of the most beautiful silk and lace lingerie 
ever made. Panties, garter belts, corsets, all very expensive and sensual. 
Alicia's eyes widened at the treasure we'd found and she held up a garter 
belt.


"It must have been kind of wild to wear these things. I bet my mom
wore undies like this. They're so...trashy...but pretty."


The drawer above it held even more interest for her. It contained several
garments all made out of...rubber. There were underpants, bras, stockings
that were like thin boots, and a short, rubber mini-skirt. Alicia took it
out and said nothing as if she'd seen something from another world. Meanwhile,
I was still hunting for the damned condoms and getting nowhere fast. 


Just then I heard Alicia say, "Chris, what is this?..."


She had opened the nightstand drawer. In her hand was a large, black rubber
dildo made as realistically as I'd ever seen. It had straps for holding 
around a woman's waist and between her legs. I didn't have to answer Alicia's
question. As she passed her hands over the surface she was clearly imagining
just what it might be used for.


"You know...your aunt and uncle...they're sort of... kinky, don't you think? 
Is this...supposed to...you know...go inside? I mean...all of it?"


In desperation I tried the bathroom cabinets but all I managed to do was
dump about twenty tampons out of their box and onto the floor. 


"Alicia, I'm real sorry babe but I don't...think...there's any..."


She was standing beside the bed wearing the tight red rubber mini-skirt and
her shoes and socks. She'd taken off her sweater and bra and was using her
arms to just hide her breasts from me. The outline of the crack of her
buttocks and the tight mound of her pussy were plainly visible underneath. 
As my penis sprang to attention Alicia sat on the bed with her legs falling
open involuntarily despite the tight skirt, inviting me to taste her budding
womanhood.


"You better promise not to come inside. It's just I can't wait any longer
I want you so much."


I pulled off her shoes and socks held her foot to my face, tasting
each toe between my lips. My tongue gently followed the contour of her
calf, behind her knee then lapped upwards over the smooth whiteness of
her inner thigh. She held the hem of the rubber skirt over her hips as
I spread her labia with two fingers and saw for the first moment the
degree of wetness a healthy 19 year old girl can produce when she's as
aroused as she's ever been in her young life. 


I wet one finger in the juices that were pooling at her opening. Her lips 
were pouting out just a bit in a deep pink display of female arousal. Taking 
my wet finger I made small, light circles around the pucker of her anus, 
teasing her into a lovely, sweet moan. It was a very light pink and 
glistening from the juices that had spilled out of her pussy and run down 
her crack. 


I brought my lips within an inch and blew lightly on her anus while spreading 
her vagina open with my fingers above. The slight stretching against her 
clitoris and the cool sensation on her anus made her vaginal sphincter 
clench a moment then release a tiny drool of lubricant onto my nose. I licked 
her outpouring from the base of her vagina, between her pouting labia, and 
then lightly over the hood of her clitoris. 


She was in raptures of pleasure and kept "oooing" and "ahhhing" with each 
tender, teasing stroke of my tongue. Before I could start lapping her 
engorged clitoris she lifted my head from between her legs.


"Chris...mmmmm...The...the first time I want to come with...with you inside
me like normal...please?"


I slid up on the bed as she arched up her thighs to receive my body on
top of hers. I tasted each of her nipples as my hand guided the tip of my
penis just outside her opening. I slipped only the warm head inside her.


"Alicia...you want it all...all in. Tell me you want my penis...all the
way in...tell me".


"Yesssss...oh god, yessss...inside...come on now Chris...FUCK me...FUCK me".


My penis glided up on a wave of wetness until I thought I was going to come 
out her navel from inside. The sensation of her warm, wet vagina squeezing
my penis inside her with each thrust was unforgettable. As our bodies  
entwined in the most intimate of embraces and our sweat mingled with the
scent of her perfume and the faint marine scent of her wetness, I felt
as if we had melted together and become one being. 


"OHHHH GOD...OOOOOO", she arched up in a rising falsetto that shook me by
its ferocity as she came. 


I barely managed to withdraw my glistening penis when I felt my balls 
convulse and I shot a long strand of white, wet semen out onto her heaving, 
sweaty belly. 


After coming down a bit and exchanging soft murmurs and deep kisses I glanced 
over at her right hand. During our lovemaking her left hand had been around 
my neck but her right hand...her right hand...had been resting on the black 
dildo on the bed beside her. Maybe it was just a coincidence.


                                ******
We made love several more times stopping only to have some dinner in the
nude. We made love in the kitchen, and in front of the fireplace on the
carpet, even in the big jacuzzi tub in the master bathroom. I was finally
drained and Alicia's thighs were sore from clenching. We fell asleep 
on top of each other in the middle of the huge sunken living room. 


By the next morning we had recovered enough to make love twice more, once 
on the kitchen counter, and then again under the warm sun by the pool. We 
gave it a rest that evening, going instead to a movie and a dance club 
afterwards.


It was the most romantic and free experience I'd known to that point. To be 
with my beautiful, delicious, sexy, horny, Alicia and feel her loving 
presence was truly how young love was meant to be. As we drove back to the 
house with the CD playing a slow ballad I noticed rain was beginning to fall 
on the windshield and I knew a storm was coming.


Aunt Carol and Uncle Jerry were due back by the late afternoon from their
trip. We had cleaned up the house a bit to get ready. I hadn't yet told 
Alicia about cleaning day, that would have to wait till Wednesday. 


She wanted to make a good impression so she had done up her hair in a pony 
tail and had put on a blue print dress that was short enough to be a shirt. 
She was bare legged except for her sandals and had put on the gold loop 
earrings I'd bought for her at the beach shop. I decided at least for 
tonight I wasn't going to greet my aunt and uncle in the nude although, 
of course, they wouldn't have minded. I also hadn't yet figured out how I 
was going to explain my "family's values" to my girlfriend without totally 
freaking her out. My concerns were naive as it turned out.


"Hi!", Aunt Carol beamed as she came in ahead of Uncle Jerry. "So, are these
the lovebirds? I hope you didn't ruin anything too expensive or get 
arrested.", she added laughing sarcastically. 


Then, her eyes met Alicia's. Alicia only looked up a minute and smiled with 
her tiny teeth but I distinctly noticed Aunt Carol's eyes narrow a fraction 
and glisten.


"And you must be Chris's girl, Alicia. We're so glad you could join us."


She had moved up next to Alicia and given her a light peck on the cheek.
When she stepped back her gaze moved from Alicia's braless breasts to the
white thighs below the hem of her short blue dress and back up as if  
she were studying a work of art.


"You're much taller than you look in the picture Chris showed us. And
this bozo is Uncle Jerry. Just ignore him if he gets too fresh won't you?"
she said only half kidding.


"Hi Alicia. Hope you like the place. Have you too been...getting to know
each other?"


"Well, its pretty romantic here and...I...well I'm sure glad you talked to
my mom and got her to let me come down. How can I thank you?"


"Oh, your mother just wanted to know that we'd take care of her little girl. 
And I told her I...we would. Chris, I hope you don't plan to keep Alicia 
all to yourself while she's here?"


"Ahh...what...mmm...what do you mean", I replied suspiciously. 


"Sweetheart, I'm sure Alicia would like to do some shopping and meet some
other people while she's with us. And it will give me chance to get to 
know her and chit chat...you know all that silly girl talk you guys
get so bored with. How's that sound Alicia? It'll be my treat at the mall."


"Ok. Sure. I've really wanted to go shopping with...well...my mom is pretty
conservative and she's doesn't like a lot of the clothes I like."


"Well, then. It's settled. Jerry, you and Chris can have a night out together
and Alicia and I will shop till we drop."


"Just stay away from the escalators", I said to Alicia as Aunt Carol winked
at me.


                                ******
Uncle Jerry and Aunt Carol spent a couple hours unpacking and Alicia and
I watched some TV on the big screen. Uncle Jerry came down first and said
he knew some great bars we could hit where I wouldn't get carded. I went
up to get dressed just as Aunt Carol came out of the bathroom wrapped in
a white towel. Without a word she pulled it off and stood nude in front of
me drying her hair with it. 


"Tell me. Are you taking Alicia to mall to shop or to ride the escalators
along with you? She's not into stuff like that, I know her". 


Aunt Carol reached her hand between her legs and wet her fingers in her 
lubrication. Then she placed her fingers in my mouth and I tasted her 
distinct woman's essence totally different from Alicia's.


"Did you ever think that you would taste your own aunt's pussy before you
came here?" 


She smiled and disappeared into the bedroom to dress for the evening.


Uncle Jerry and I were all ready to go out bar hopping as Aunt Carol came
down wearing a blue denim mini-skirt with a blouse that was tied below her
breasts and showing more cleavage than most women would be comfortable with.
She had on pantyhose with the denim skirt and a pair of 5 inch stiletto
heels that pushed up her buttocks and accented her calves.


Alicia had been sitting on the couch when she came down and I noticed her
gaze follow my aunt as she moved to the chair across from the sofa. It was
a look of demure excitement. Aunt Carol after all was quite stunning and
any young girl would be envious of her mature poise and sensuality. 


I first gave Alicia a nice juicy kiss goodbye and went over to my aunt. As I 
bent to kiss her I noticed why she was sitting where she was. Alicia
was sitting with one leg tucked under her and her short dress was lifted
just to enough to expose her white pantied crotch gleaming beneath. As
I gave my aunt a modest peck she suddenly slipped her tongue in my mouth,
unseen by Alicia, and whispered, 


"Have fun, Chris. And don't rush back too soon."


I had been wanting to talk to Uncle Jerry about his porno days so despite
my ominous misgivings, I drove off with him leaving Alicia and Aunt Carol 
alone in the very big house for the first time. We first went to a restaurant
and had some great steaks then hit a real out of the way bar downtown. It
was not real crowded and there were a few decent looking women who were either
alone or with dorky looking guys.


"Uncle Jer...I've been wanting to ask something. You were in all those porno
films. I mean I can understand guys wanting to get off with any woman but
how did they get the women to do those flicks?" 


He smiled a moment and came back,"You still believe men and women as so 
different even after all you've seen since coming here. Most women, if you're 
not a complete jerk, will fuck you in a New York second but you've got to 
read their signals and push the right buttons. They're always thinking about 
sex just like you and if you know how and when to ask you can have any woman. 
Any woman in this bar." 


To back up his boast he made me a bet. 


"Watch, I'll pick a woman in here that looks like she's primed and send 
her a note to do something...wild. If she does it I win. If not you win." 


He took a napkin a wrote down a line, 


"Sure would like to see what the rest of those legs looked like?". 


Then he browsed the bar area until he spotted a woman in her twenties wearing 
a short, black skirt and hose. He got up and casually drifted over to her, 
laying the napkin beside her on the bar. She glanced down, blushed, and 
smacked him broadside across his grinning face, then walked off indignantly.


"Well, nothing's 100 percent accurate. Maybe I'm a little rusty. I know
a better bar that we can try just a few blocks away." 


I was laughing so hard I almost lost the two beers I'd downed. 


The next bar was a bit smaller with a well lit dance floor. There were guys 
dancing with girls and several girls dancing with girls but no guys dancing 
with guys so I figured we were on friendly turf. 


We sat at a table across from the bar and scoped the talent for about ten 
minutes getting buzzed in the process. An Asian woman about 35 or so who had 
been dancing with a black guy sat down on the wooden bar stool. She was 
wearing a pale blue and white dress with a broad white collar and a daring, 
short skirt that was tightly pleated and swished on her legs provocatively 
as she danced. 


Uncle Jerry spotted his prey and dropped the napkin beside her on the bar. 
Very casually she read it and looked back at him with a cool smile. The 
crowd in the bar bustled about as Uncle Jer returned to the table with me. 
As we watched the woman waited for a discrete moment. Then, she slid from 
the stool hiking her pleated skirt to her waist. 


She had on tan thigh tops underneath and, to our utter delight, was quite 
without panties. In fact she was closely shaved and her thick pussy lips 
framed the thin pink flesh of her inner labia which gaped naturally as she 
spread her legs to get down. It was over in five seconds but everyone, 
including the Asian woman herself, seemed to enjoy it.


One of the waitresses came over dressed in a pair of nylon jogging shorts and
a small T-shirt that bulged from her breasts beneath. Jerry asked her
if she was married and she said she was. He then came up with some lame line 
about this being his last night of freedom before going back into the pen 
for indecent exposure. All he wanted for his last request was to have her 
pull up her top and drop her pants for ten seconds. 


Without even a comment she told him to take out his watch. She very casually 
lifted her top letting her well augmented breasts spring free.  She had large 
aureoles and her nipples were erect. Slipping her thumbs in her waistband 
she pulled her shorts completely off including the pair of white 
thong panties that she wore underneath. 


Uncle Jerry grabbed one of her bare ass cheeks and gave her pubic patch a 
big kiss just as time ran out. Then she just pulled up her pants and panties, 
slipped on her T-shirt, and got our drinks. We gave her a very nice tip.


"Ok, Chris. Now it's your turn to try to read the women in here."


There were two women I'd been watching for a bit. One was a bit older, about
35, the other much younger, perhaps 25 or so. The older woman wore a white
blouse with a pearl necklace and a black A-line skirt with a wide belt that
had a large Rhinestone buckle. She wore black hose and black T-strap high
heels and looked very dressy with long dangling earrings. The younger woman
was far more casually dressed in a safari type shirt tied below her breasts
and rolled-up shorts. She wore socks and hiking boots which were 
light tan. She had short cut black hair and a small cameo necklace around
her throat. The older woman was a brunette with shoulder length hair tucked
up atop her head. 


I wrote out my request on two napkins and sauntered over to the bar laying 
them in plain view of the two women. If all worked out this would be kind of 
a contest. I sat back down and watched as the older woman fidgeted on her 
seat uncertain what to do but intrigued by my request. 


After a moment I saw her lean forward a bit on the stool, her lips
parted open and her eyes focussed across the bar on the wall. She rested her 
hand on her skirt over her thighs. She drew the hem up about an inch just to 
clear her thighs, then separated her knees about six inches. 


Her faced flushed red as a stream of yellow pee began cascading from the lower
hem of her skirt that she was sitting on . As I'd requested, she was wetting 
herself in public while fully dressed. The music had stopped and those 
nearby turned and watched in stunned delight as she continued to let her 
piss flow. 


Meanwhile the girl in the shorts had also begun to pee, the crotch of her 
shorts quickly saturated in a dark wet spot as a full stream squirted from 
her leg opening and out onto the bar floor. When the last drops had hit the
floor there was a smattering of applause and some chuckling from the
enthralled impromptu audience.


"Holy shit, Chris. I've never seen women do something like that before. You
must have picked the kinkiest women on earth. Talk about beginner's luck."


It wasn't until some time later that I recounted to Aunt Carol the night 
out with Uncle Jerry. 


"You didn't think those were simply strange women, did you Chris? Jerry 
owns that bar. Everyone there was probably one of his old friends or their 
spouse from his film days. They have a kind of club and  get off doing wild 
things for each other like that. Women don't just pee themselves in public 
even if they're totally drunk, at least not intentionally like that. 
I'm sure his friends appreciated your imagination though. They'll be talking 
about that for years."


                                ******
It was after two in the morning when we closed the last bar and headed
back to the house. As we turned onto the driveway Uncle Jerry pointed up
at the light in the front bedroom window.


"Well, it looks like we better find a spot to sack out tonight", he said
as he backed the car out of the driveway heading back onto the street.


"Hey, what are you doing? I'm beat and I want to get to bed. What's the
problem?"


"Don't argue, Chris. The light in the room means DO NOT DISTURB. It's a
signal that your aunt and I have used for a long time. It's better if we
just try again tomorrow morning."


"What's going on? Aunt Carol and Alicia couldn't have been out shopping this
late. It's almost 3 AM."


"I suppose I shouldn't tell you this just yet but there's no way they could
have gone anywhere tonight. The Mercedes has a dead battery and I won't get
to it till tomorrow at the earliest. We'll go back to my office and just
nod off till morning. It's really for the best, you'll see. Relax."


We drove back to his business and I collapsed on the leather sofa while he
propped himself in a chair and nodded off. 


Sometime later I felt him shaking my arm to wake up. I felt like a used 
dishrag and had a really stale beer taste in my mouth so I cleaned up a bit 
in the bathroom before we drove back again to the large house. It was just 
after 10:30 in the morning when we pulled up again. Uncle Jerry stopped at 
the curb and explained,


"You go in and see how things went last night while I go over to get the 
battery. I should be back in an hour or so with breakfast."


I let myself in the front door and turned toward the living room. The house 
was silent except for the ticking of the large grandfather clock in the hall. 
What I saw began to send a shiver of shock down my spine. 


Strewn about the furniture were a remarkable assortment of women's clothes 
and lingerie. What caught my eyes immediately was the dark plaid jumper that 
was lying inside out on the sofa. It was Alicia's school uniform. It sat 
beside a pair of white girls knee socks, plain nylon bikini panties, and 
the lace bra she had worn when she arrived. There was also a black lace 
teddy, and an assortment of nylon stockings including a very suggestive 
pair of fishnet pantyhose strewn on the floor. There was also a white corset 
with light blue bows up the front that still had stockings attached to its 
garter straps. It was if a tornado had hit a lingerie shop. 


Further up the stairs was a denim skirt and silk blouse that I recognized
from the night before when I had seen Aunt Carol come downstairs before we
left. The pantyhose and black mesh panties she had been wearing were a few
steps up the staircase. I also noticed there were three wine bottles, all
empty, lying on the floor in various positions. 


I went into my bedroom to see if Alicia was there but the bed was still made. 
I did find her cheerleader outfit in a heap at the foot of the bed and the 
red satin panties that went with it. They were stained and damp across the 
entire crotch. I nearly tripped on the athletic shoes and bobby socks that 
were lying on the carpet nearby. As I got down the hall closer to Aunt 
Carol's room I was also aware of the very strong scent of woman mixed with 
cologne and wine. 


I pushed open her bedroom door expecting the worst. There, asleep was Aunt Carol, 
alone and breathing softly. She was nude except for a black patent leather
garter belt and black seamed stockings she was wearing and her legs were
splayed open giving me a wonderful of her snatch as she lay on her stomach.
It seemed brighter red than I had remembered and her labia were like thick
flaps that folded like rose petals over the opening below. Her pubic hair
was slicked down and looked crusted with copious amounts of her wetness.


My penis stiffened at the sight and I ached to fuck her while she was 
sleeping but I had yet to locate Alicia. She was not anywhere upstairs but
I did find several short ropes and a pair of handcuffs in the back bedroom as
well as a velvet ottoman that had wet stains in patches over the top surface.
There were also at least a dozen candles on tables and chairs, the small
votive type that made the room look almost like a shrine. The smell of burned
candles was also strong although none of them were still lit as far as I
could tell. 


I returned to the downstairs, walked through the kitchen, and then noticed
the door to the utility room was closed and bolted which was unusual. I
slid back the bolt, opened the door, and found Alicia. 


She was lying absolutely nude on the bare vinyl tile, sleeping soundly 
despite the chill and the hard floor. Her buttocks were facing me and to my
shock I saw she had several bruises across her perfect white buttocks that
looked like random horizontal stripes. I also noticed that the room smelled
heavily of her pussy juices and urine. 


As I gently rolled her over I looked at her breasts. Her entire aureoles and 
nipples were caked with hardened candle wax and bits of wax were in her 
pubic hair and on her thighs. She even had flakes of wax on her face and 
long hair which was quite matted and snarled. 


As much as I adored her and her attention to personal hygiene she needed a 
shower badly. As I turned her face to me to wake her I saw her
mascara was all over her cheeks as if she had been crying very hard. She
opened her eyes and in a cracked, raspy voice said, 


"Mmmm...good morning...can I come out now, Mommy?" 


She was still half asleep and as she came around she realized it was me and 
not...Aunt Carol.


"Alicia, are you all right? What the hell happened here last night? What did
Aunt Carol do to you?" 


Her tear stained eyes locked on mine and the corners of her mouth turned up 
a tiny fraction but she refused to answer any of my questions and looked 
down silently. 


"Why won't you talk to me? What's wrong?"


"Nothing is wrong, darling", Aunt Carol said from the doorway, "she
just wants to please me. And that means she is only to speak to me until 
I say otherwise. Now, my little pet...", Aunt Carol cooed looking down at  
Alicia's tear stained face. "Why don't you give me a nice good morning kiss 
like you did last night?" 


With that, Aunt Carol bent over and placed her hands on her thighs as Alicia 
crawled behind her. Alicia took my aunt's cheeks in her fingers, spreading 
them apart. Without hesitating, Alicia, my sweet 19 year old girlfriend, 
began to tongue Aunt Carol's dusty pink anus making wet, slurping sounds 
that had her moaning almost instantly. 


"Ohhh...ba..baby. Your tongue feels soooo good on my ass hole. Do you like
licking my tight ass hole? Huh? Lick it all over." 


After a few moments my temples were throbbing in synch with my penis trapped 
in my jeans.


"Now,", she said lifting Alicia's face from her backside, "Let me taste
you, darling. Come give me a kiss like you did the first time last night."


Alicia raised up and the two blond women, one serene and mature, the other 
innocent and flushed with youthful passion, wrapped themselves in each 
others arms pressing their mouths together and intertwining their tongues 
in a grinding French embrace. 


"We better not get carried away this early", Aunt Carol said hoarsely, "We
really need to get a move on if we're going to the beach by lunch." 


She had Alicia go into the kitchen and make coffee for us while she sat with
me and gave me my next lesson in the ways of women.


"I bet you thought I was a miracle worker when I told you I had gotten 
Alicia's mother to let her come down here. Well, her mother, Samantha, was
a school friend of mine from high school days. 


Samantha was a senior when I was just a freshmen and it was incredibly cool 
to have a senior pay attention to you. Anyway, she wasn't always such a 
straight-laced mom, in high school she was a little...well wild. She had 
another friend named Patty who could get her folks car and we'd drive around. 


I was definitely the cutest of the three of us. Patty had glasses and wore 
her hair in braids. She was developed more than either Samantha or me. 
At first, we'd just ride around after school in our uniforms, talking about 
boys and smoking cigarettes to be cool. We'd roll up the waistband of our 
school skirts to make the real short and then go into stores where we knew 
guys were just to tease them. 


Samantha like to dare me to do things and one time she dared me to moon this 
burger place where this guy she liked worked. So, we drove around while I 
took off my little panties in the back seat, then I rolled down the window 
and at the appointed moment stuck my bare ass out the window. I made sure my 
pussy was visible as well which really turned me on. I can still hear the 
great whistles and howls I got from those guys as we drove past. 


When I was done I noticed Samantha was watching me as well as I put my 
panties back on and was real quiet. 


I got invited to Patty's house with Samantha for a sleep over. I had wanted
to feel another girl's breasts for a long time so when we were getting
undressed for bed I started touching Patty's big knockers. We both got
real excited all of a sudden and started pretending to make love like she
was the girl and I was the guy, rubbing our panties together at first, and
then taking off the panties and really doing it. Samantha was just watching
and she started fingering herself eventually coming loud enough that Patty's
mom called out to see what we were doing. 


Shortly after that Samantha set up the ultimate dare. She had told some guys 
from a frat house that they could watch two girls get it on if they paid her 
a hundred dollars.


She wanted Patty and me to do it in front of about eight guys which 
turned me on immediately but Patty was too scared. Since Samantha had 
already taken the money she decided she'd have to do it instead. We got
there in our plaid school jumpers, knee socks and saddle shoes, and started
dancing around and lifting our skirts, stuff like that. The feeling I got 
from showing myself and having all those guys watch me was fantastic. 


We finally started kissing and stuff, then sucking each others nipples and 
by the end we were on the carpet 69'ing, both of us wet  as could be and 
coming in buckets while these jocks whooped it up around us. 


When I talked with Samantha, Alicia's mother, the other day and we recounted 
our time together we got so hot that we ended up stripping and getting off
together over the phone. She told me afterwards it was the most fun she'd
had in years. 


We lost contact after high school but...well, it was very
sweet. When she agreed to let Alicia come down here, Chris dear, it was
because she wanted Alicia to experience some of that same excitement before
she gets caught up in all the normal constraints of life."


"Is Alicia...now...like a lesbian?", I asked thinking she no longer would
want to make love with me.


"God no, you goof. She's as wild about you as ever but she's been to 
emotional places you're still learning about. I bet you didn't realize
for instance that she really responds to mild pain. Have you ever tried to
spank her or pinch her nipples?"


"Not really."


"Well, she loves it. She took six or seven smacks with my little birch cane
last night that would have brought tears to my eyes but she kept asking for
more. With her fair skin I didn't want to bruise badly on her first 
experience. Did you see the wax on her nipples and thighs? I thought she'd 
never stop coming when I dripped the candles onto them while holding my 
big massager between her legs. Pain and pleasure are just a matter of 
degree for lots of women I've known but Alicia really got into it deep
for a girl her age."


Alicia had brought in the coffee and handed us each a cup.


"Well, my darling", Aunt Carol said to her,"You're truly magnificent and its
time to get back to reality for a while. Say good morning to your lover
in a proper way."


Beaming, Alicia said to me "Good morning my sweet, dearest, sexy, fantastic,
...", and smothered me with grateful, passionate kisses.


"Now. I hate to say it Alicia but we really...need a bath. Why don't we get 
cleaned up". 


"I'll say you need a bath", Uncle Jerry chimed in holding a bag of groceries
in one hand and his nose in the other. Alicia stood facing my uncle in the 
nude for the first time since they'd gotten back from their trip but she made
no effort to cover herself, even her vagina. 


"I see Carol and you had a real ladies night out last night", he said 
looking at the smiling Alicia.


Then he turned her around and saw the fading bruises on her buttocks and
thighs. 


"Carol, if you treat our guests this way all the time they won't
want to come back,", he joked as he bent down and gave Alicia a soft kiss 
on her striped butt. "Look, Mrs. Grubmeyer is due with her
ladies this afternoon to clean. I'll put the battery in the Mercedes and
start breakfast and Chris, you can go help your girlfriend and aunt get
a bit more presentable. Did you have any plans today? I won't be able to
stay long. I need to drive up to LA and drop off some merchandise."


"I thought the three of us could go to the beach.", Aunt Carol suggested.


"That's fine with me. Alicia and I had a great time there the other day".


"Well, I think we'll try another beach that you haven't been to I'm sure.
It's a little more...liberated...than the beach you were at.", she said with
a small smile.


I went upstairs to the master bath behind Alicia and Aunt Carol. I thought
we'd all take a shower together in the large shower stall but it was more 
complicated than that as I found out. 


My aunt's large home included a European style porcelain bidet. Alicia had 
been to Europe with her family a couple times so she knew what it was for
and seemed unusually eager to refresh herself. She sat down on the bidet
and adjusted the upward spray to wash her vagina. It seemed like she was 
doing a more than adequate job. I was just about to say something but Aunt 
Carol just tugged my arm and signaled me to be still with her finger. 


Alicia started breathing deeper and uttered small moans of mounting pleasure 
that could only mean she was about to come from the spraying water on her 
clit.


"Oh...ohhhh...I'm...yesssss...I'm COMMINGGGGG." 


She convulsed in an orgasm that left her quivering and gasping for breath. It seemed her orgasms
had intensified and deepened noticeably from her lovemaking with my aunt.
Aunt Carol picked her up in her arms and gave her a kiss and a hug calming
her for the moment. Then Aunt Carol washed herself while Alicia started the 
tub.


"I was only eleven the first time I tried a bidet when we were in France.
I really wished mom had gotten one for our house.  Of course, we still
had the water massager. That was almost the same." , Alicia revealed 
wistfully.


Both women got in the warm tub and I proceeded to sponge their breasts and 
backs. Then Alicia stood so I could wash her legs and ass. After using the 
hand jet to wet her hair I washed first Alicia's hair and then my aunt's 
blond tresses. Both of them looked like wet puppies when I was done. 


After toweling them off I got in the still filled tub and washed myself 
while Alicia brushed out her hair and rolled it in curlers. There was only 
one blow dryer so Aunt Carol let Alicia go first. Then she took a pair of 
barber's clippers from the cabinet and sat on the lid of the toilet with her 
legs apart.


"I haven't shaved myself for a couple years but if I'm going to go to a 
nudist beach I certainly want to be a...nudist." 


She snapped on the clipper and quickly reduced the entire extent of her 
pubic patch from her belly to her anus to a ball of wet hair on the floor of 
the bathroom.


After applying shaving gel she carefully removed all trace of stubble and
rinsed off. Her vulva were perfectly smooth and white making her inner lips
look even more pouty and prominent.


Alicia was excited by the way it made my aunt's vulva stand out between
her thighs. She had always trimmed herself for her bikinis but hadn't ever
taken all her pubic hair off. It hadn't been that long since it had finally 
come in, being a very light natural blond. Still, the strange way
my aunt's vulva looked, smooth and bare, on a mature woman, turned her on.


With a little assistance from Aunt Carol, Alicia meticulously 
shaved her pubic hair as well. Both women were as bald as billiard balls 
and looking good enough to eat but I resisted the temptation in the 
interest of getting to the beach before the sun set.


They retired to the bedroom to put on the rest of their makeup and slip
into enough clothes to get us to the next stop on my aunt's exhibitionist
tour.


                                ******
We were driving along a winding coastal road well off from the freeways.
Aunt Carol had on a blue bikini top and a wrap skirt while Alicia was
wearing a long white sun dress that was bare at the shoulders with an 
elastic neckline that flattered her modest cleavage. She had on flat
beach sandals made of rope and cork that cradled her slim, pink toed 
feet. Her makeup was a bit overdone as if she were going out on a date 
rather than going to the beach and included eyeliner and shadow, lip gloss, 
and blusher. It made her look more mature than I had ever seen her. She also 
wore the simple gold hoop earrings I'd bought for her last summer. 


Aunt Carol was also stunning even down to her designer sun glasses which 
must have cost a ton. 


Suddenly, she pulled off down a dirt road which led to  a clearing behind a 
row of trees. There were ten or so cars parked there but it was far from 
crowded. The overcast had burned off by now but it was still partly cloudy 
and cool by the ocean. 


Although I had a fair tan from being out and swimming, Alicia was not a sun 
worshiper and was a uniform translucent white except for her nipples. As we 
got out Aunt Carol suggested we put on our sun screen right there and leave 
our things in the car. 


She was the first, dropping her bikini top and untying her waistband letting 
the wrap skirt fall open to reveal her nude form beneath. Even with all her 
poise it was clear that she was both excited by and terrified of her exposure 
especially the absence of her pubic hair. There was no shred of modesty 
possible like this. Her every arousal would be visible and the disapproval 
of the more conservative nudists would be awkward.


Alicia got out and took a deep breath, then looked back at me and grinned
somewhat sheepishly at what she was about to do. She reached down and gathered
the hem of her white dress in her hands lifting it up in folds and pulling
it over her head. 


The cool air perked up her tender nipples and I pressed my hand against the 
left dimple of her back above her buttocks. She winced a bit and I knew she 
could feel the bruises that striped her otherwise smooth, flawless skin. 
They were just dark enough to be identifiable as due to only one possible 
cause, corporal punishment with a thin rod or strap. Alicia had not tried to 
cover them with makeup almost as if she were...proud of them. 


I dropped my shorts just as two elderly ladies came up the path
walking back to their car. They must have been in their 60's  and were
wearing nothing but large brimmed hats and sunglasses. My eyes couldn't
help glancing at their breasts and pubic patches just beneath their
protruding bellies. One woman was uniformly bronzed with no tan line but
the other woman had the white shadow of her missing bathing suit contrasting
with her tan thighs and shoulders. They looked my way and smiled but frowned
and made a whispered comment when they glanced at Alicia's stripe marks and
shaved vulva. 


Aunt Carol put on a large straw sun hat and tied it under her chin. I was 
already smearing Alicia with sun screen literally from head to toe in hopes 
of keeping her from burning. It also hid the stripes just a bit which made 
me feel better since I didn't want to get arrested for abusing her.


As the three of us made our way onto the sand I was surprised how comfortable
I really felt. There were a couple families having a picnic near the 
entrance with mom, dad, and the three teenage kids all as naked a the day 
they were born. Further up there were several women who were certainly
model types from the perfection of their figures. I felt my penis begin to
swell as I gazed at a gorgeous woman sitting on a towel with her one leg
up giving me an unimpeded view of her delicious vagina. She had no tan line
and was obviously not new to this experience. 


From the corner of my eye I could see a couple behind the screen of a 
temporary cloth cabana. They were rocking away and locked in intercourse 
oblivious to anyone. 


There were also a lot of single guys who were wearing bathing suits and walking
around with cameras around their neck. One guy with black hair and shades 
saw Alicia and Aunt Carol and almost tripped over himself as he snapped 
their pictures without even introducing himself. This happened two or
three times which pissed the hell out of me but only seemed to make the
women bolder. 


We eventually settled on a spot and set up our umbrella and
blanket. Alicia and Aunt Carol went down to the water while I sat watching
the scene. The mixture of older types with young, sexy women and couples, was
interesting. Several older couples said "Hello" as they strode by arm in
arm, beautifully and unashamedly naked in the warm sun. When the ladies
got back they toweled off quickly and sat on either side of me. After a
moment Aunt Carol spoke.


"Now, Alicia I wanted to show you the road to a man's heart and it ain't 
through his stomach. Just relax Chris, I want to give Alicia her first lesson
in sucking a man properly." 


I felt a hot flush of excitement and my heart started pounding wildly. Right 
here, she was going to suck me and have sex with me in plain sight. I was 
still soft when I felt her fingers glide over my sensitive tip.


"Watch as his penis begins to unfold and swell when I touch the tip. Men are
so sensitive there it hurts unless you touch it correctly. Look how
strong and firm it's getting as he starts to get turned on from my touching.
Now, I'll just start to lick the little slit with the tip of my tongue. Not
too fast. Just enough to taste his delicious come welling up. Are you
enjoying this, two women totally focussed on stimulating your beautiful
penis?"


I tried to control my erection but she was just irritating the tip and I
couldn't have stopped it if I tried. There were two guys with cameras getting
set up just down the beach but I was beyond caring even as I heard the first
shutter clicks.


"Here's the secret, Alicia, listen carefully and watch. Keep your fingers
down here at the base. Press firmly but don't squeeze or you'll cut off his
erection. Just stroke down here starting out slow and building up. Whatever
you do don't slip up over the underside of his shaft or he'll come too quick."


Alicia had taken over stroking the base of my penis with her fingers while
caressing my balls with her other hand. Occasionally she would dip her mouth
over it and lick the pool of preseminal fluid as if it were sugar syrup. 


Meanwhile, I had reached behind Aunt Carol and was running my finger up and
down her labia which were wet and open. It was more than my stimulation, she 
was overwhelmed by the perverse exhibitionism of what we were preparing to 
do. 


She let out a moan and then raised her leg over my shoulders and straddled 
my chest facing away. Her fragrant, shaved vagina gaped inches from my face 
and I lifted up, spreading her with two fingers, and began to tongue her 
from her clit to her asshole.


"Ohhh....yessss...care...careful Alicia, not too high up...ahhhhh...I...I
want him really wound up...oh god you eat pussy great Chris. Oh shit....
ohhh...I want to com...come...ohhh noooooo...I'm....comingggggg...ahhhhhh".


Here crescendo carried up the beach and the camera clicking was continuous
by this time. She kept thrusting her pussy down onto my face and had 
two more shrieking orgasms which squirted her fluid onto my chest and chin.
I was ready to come and Aunt Carol knew it.


"You have to feel his first spasm. Its just a little spurt but that will
tell you he's just about to come and can't stop. Wait for that moment".


"Oh man...oh Alicia that feels so fantastic. I want to come so bad. Its close
yeah...ohh shit I'm going to...to come...AAAAAHHHHHHHH".


"Now quickly Alicia, slide up over the shaft underneath and stroke him 
very quickly and lightly. Get you mouth over the tip, sweet, and...that's
it, quickly, up close...he's coming...yes, isn't it beautiful. OH CHRIS!".


It's really hard to accurately describe the sensation that I experienced when
I was in the throes of this wonderful, impossible orgasm. My penis was
hypersensitive from the subtle stimulation that laboriously had brought me 
close to climax. The urgency, the inevitability and complete surrender to the
desire to come would have happened if she had just continued to stroke my
base. But when her slim fingers slid up onto the underside of my shaft,
where the sensation is 100 times greater than at the base, and I
felt Alicia's wet lips wrap around my tip, with the unique, pissy, woman
scent of my aunt filling my nostrils from her intimate vaginal outpourings.


I experienced such a total convulsion of sexual pleasure that I...I...
started to cry. Not really balling or anything but it was just such a
release, so total and spiritual that, even with the jerks with cameras,
and the other people on the beach watching, I just welled up with tears and
it took a few deep breaths and Aunt Carols soft kiss to bring back my
composure.


"Whoa...that was...incredible...God Alicia, I...I love you so much".


She moved up next to me and we embraced, my own semen spattered across her
face in white smears that I licked off and shared with her as we twisted 
our tongues together.


"If I hear one more fucking click from you assholes, I'm going to bust your
fucking cameras over your heads", I said to the four or five that were snapping
away.


"It's a fucking public beach. Go fuck in the bedroom if you don't want your
picture taken, asshole", a big, black guy in a white T-shirt and black 
shorts shot back. He had a small video camera and was taping everything.


Alicia was incredibly horny by this point and was eager to do something
even more outrageous. 


As I recovered from my orgasm, Alicia and Aunt Carol got on all fours on the 
blanket and were positioning themselves for some mutual oral sex. Alicia was 
on top with her shaved vagina over Aunt Carol's face while Aunt Carol was 
spread open by Alicia's fingers as she lay below. The sound of slurping, 
sighing, and snapping of cameras continued for several moments as first 
Alicia and then Aunt Carol were overtaken by their very expressive orgasms. 


Fully restored, I slipped behind Alicia and entered her from behind with my 
balls brushing on Aunt Carol's nose and mouth. She loved it and was rubbing 
Alicia's clit from below while licking her juice off my shaft as it 
plopped onto her face. At the last moment I pulled out shooting a full load 
of semen onto Alicia's crack and down over her vagina. 


Aunt Carol spent the next ten minutes cleaning her with her tongue and 
making her to come twice more.


Not wanting to be the last one out and reveling in the exhibitionist orgy,
Aunt Carol entertained the last of the camera guys by masturbating herself
to orgasm with her fingers and coming so loud that an older women nudist
in her 60s  actually came over and asked her to quiet down or leave. 


Aunt Carol seemed almost apologetic once she regained her composure saying 
she was sorry but adding that she hoped the woman understood from her own 
experience how good it feels to really let go like that. The woman looked a 
moment and said nothing, returning to her male partner sitting on the blanket 
nearby.


We were refreshed and invigorated by our outdoor orgy and Alicia would have
like to fuck some more but we needed to get back. As I was heading back to
the car I looked over at the older woman that had reprimanded Aunt Carol.
She was on her back with her legs up and open wide and her right hand
sliding up and down over her clit as her male partner, a man with gray
hair and beard in his 60's or so looked on with a swelling erection. She
suddenly arched up off the blanket and let out a gut wrenching, 


"OHHHHHHH."


and promptly came for about ten seconds. As I passed her panting and 
flushed on the blanket I gave her a big thumbs up sign and she smiled back.


                                ******
After dressing beside the car we prepared to leave for home.


"Chris, I'd prefer if you drove this time and Alicia and I will ride in
back if that's ok?"


We wound our way back to the freeway which by now was getting into rush hour.
There were cars on either side and we were down to about five mph due to an
accident. It would take nearly an hour to get back at this speed. Aunt
Carol was not upset.


"There's something I've wanted to try with Alicia and this seems like as
good a time as any. Alicia, why don't you take off that pretty dress and
move over next to me?"


"Right here on the freeway? Are you sure the cars can't see in even if 
they're right next to us?", Alicia replied somewhat sarcastically it seemed
since I could already see her lifting the white skirt of her sun dress
over her waist and pulling it off over her head. 


Her shaved pubes and erect nipples made my penis stiff against my shorts 
so I unzipped my fly and let it stand free.


"This may take some time and I need you to focus on what I say, ok Alicia?
The first time finding your G-spot is always the hardest because you can't
see it real well and have to go by feel mostly."


Aunt Carol had Alicia sit forward on the car seat with one leg across my
aunt's lap and the other against the door. She started stroking just the
outside of her labia getting her fingers nicely wet before easing two
of her digits into Alicia's young, tight, vagina. She was pressing in and
up slightly.


"Now, this is where I need your help. You have to relax a bit and not try
to grip me just yet. That's it, just let yourself fit around my fingers.
I need to feel for your little love spot. Its a little pad on the upper
part of your vagina just behind your bone. How's that? Do you feel anything
kind of like a little sharp twinge?"


"Oooooo...mmmm...yeah, you...you just hit something that hurt a bit. And it
really feels like I have to pee just now."


"That's good. Don't worry about having to pee. You're sitting on your towel so
it won't stain anything. Now, it has to build up so don't rush, Alicia. Just
let me keep pushing and stroking it till it swells up some. It's actually a
little sponge that fills up with your juices when it gets irritated. Does
it still feel like you need to pee?"


"Ahhhh...no really, not...its...its more like a cramp or itch way inside...
I can't...oooohhh...it really is feeling good. Can I just touch my clit?"


"Only touch it but don't start stroking. You'll come too quickly and won't
build up to it so you get the best ejaculation."


I could hear a rhythmic, wet, churning sound as Aunt Carol thrust her fingers
more and more vigorously inside. Alicia's breathing grew suddenly shallow and
I thought she was going to come. My aunt's fingers and hand were wet with
Alicia's juices as she massaged away inside.


"Ohhh...yeah, right there...push up, harder...HARDER damnit...mmmmm...I'ts...
it's....com...ohhhhh...DON'T FUCKING STOP, Shit, what are you doing?"


She'd taken Alicia right to the edge then stopped abruptly.


"The more times you go to the edge and stop before you come the more you
will squirt, believe me. If you can take it a few more times it'll be worth
it. You've really got a big spot, Alicia. Just take a breather."


Alicia just caught her breath when Aunt Carol started in with the churning
sound. Having found her spot Alicia quickly got right to the edge of orgasm
again when Aunt Carol stopped. Alicia's chest was flushed pink over the
tops of her heaving breasts and her face and belly were drenched in sweat.


"Just once more should be enough without wearing you out I should think", 
Aunt Carol said not mentioning her rather tired fingers and cramped hand.


It had been about half and hour since Aunt Carol had first entered Alicia 
and Alicia was going to come this time or go nuts. Once again she began
the churning as Alicia, now complexly lost in ecstasy, was thrusting up her
hips and screaming in pleasure while just on the other side of the car window
there was a car with three girls patiently waiting in the traffic jam and
oblivious to her fervent display. She squeezed her thighs together which
were quivering in nervous energy as her orgasm, intensified beyond her
wildest expectation, was about to overtake her.


"When you start coming, push like you want to really pee hard. It won't be
pee you feel coming out so don't hold back. Let it go all at once. You can
start stroking your clit as hard as you want now. Just go for it girl...
that's it...rub that sweet pussyyyy...ohhhhh...yeah, so sweet...rub that big hard
clit while auntie makes you come inside...yeahhhhh...that's it...push it...
PUSH IT..."


Alicia suddenly stopped the almost continuous moaning and murmurs she had
been making and her mouth formed a silent, big round "o", then curled into
a spectacular series of expletives and unintelligible sounds that only
made sense inside her exploding female animal brain. 


As my aunt withdrew her now cramped fingers from inside I looked directly at 
Alicia's now gaping opening. As she came the pink, inner membranes seemed to 
turn inside out and overlap her inner labia in a series of short spasms. 


At the same instant jets of liquid spurted a full two feet from her opening, 
splashing on the leather console and draining onto the car's carpet. Her 
face was contorted and dripping with sweat as she started screaming at the 
top of her lungs with each spurt,


"OH...FUUUUCK...FUUUUCK...FUUUUCK." 


I looked down at my erection and realized I had ejaculated in sympathy with 
her without touching myself. My come was running down my penis and over 
my balls. Rather than let it stain my shorts I scooped it up on my fingers 
and licked up every salty drop.















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com
site mirrors at:
http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/mirrors.htm

Be There.....