Copyright © 1998,   (Christopher Allan Peters).  ALL Rights Reserved
The following story is being published anonymously for the author 
(Christopher Allan Peters) by Mr Double (mrdouble@mrdouble.com).  


----
Date: Mon, 25 Aug 1997 
To: mrdouble@ix.netcom.com (mrdouble)
Subject: Aunt Carol 4
----


Part 4 of 4
                                ******
Aunt Carol, Alicia, and Samantha were finally off to the spa and shopping
and the house was at last quiet. I went into the master bedroom, sat
on the side of the bed, and dialed the all too familiar number. It started
ringing and I could hear my heart pounding in my ears. Two more rings,
then three...damnit she was out somewhere and I'd have to try later. I
wanted to do this now before I lost my resolve. Five rings, six rings, she
never takes this long to answer. Then, I heard the receiver lift, and a
breathless but very familiar, slightly hoarse, lisping voice spoke to me.


"Hello?"


"Mom, it's Chris. We're back."


"Chris...I was...afraid you weren't going to call...How was your trip?
How's Alicia doing?"


"Alicia? Yeah, Alicia's doing fantastic. She's like a kid at Christmas and
a birthday party all rolled into one. Everyone down there was real impressed 
and thinks she's going to be...big."


"Little Alicia Aronesti. I never would have thought she was...the wild type.
You'll have to tell me about it."


"I've been getting kind of wild myself. Did you talk with Aunt Carol? I...
slept with her."


"Yes. She told me about it. While she and Jerry were up at Tahoe. I would
say sleeping with her was putting it mildly."


"And Alicia, of course...and her mom, Samantha."


"Yes, dear. And at the beach. And Uncle Jerry's club. We've talked.
If you're trying to make me jealous...you're succeeding, darling."


"And with Juliette Anderson. I fucked the actress Juliette Anderson in 
Mexico."


"You fucked JULIETTE? That woman must be over 60 by now. You fucked a 60 year
old woman? She was just supposed to show you the tape, not fuck you."


"Well...it worked. I think I understand what you couldn't tell me all the
years I was growing up. You were pretty fucking wild yourself, Mom!"


We started laughing together till tears came to my eyes. It was part release
and part excitement.


"Which one did she show you?", Mom asked.


"Ah, it was the Candy Stripers. Why? Were there a lot?"


"Not a lot. I only did it for about two years. The Candy Stripers was
probably the most commercial film I did. The other stuff was just loops."


"Did you really put your hand up into that other girl? I thought it was
some trick shot."


"Its not a trick. Its just another experience some women like called fisting.
The girls screen name was Montana. She made a career doing it on camera.
She was even wilder in private. The sad part was they had to cut all those
scenes from the film because the industry was afraid it would look like
violence against women. If they'd felt her come inside like I did they
would have changed their minds. She loved it".


"I was thinking it must have felt like...childbirth or something."


"Hardly darling. When I delivered you I can assure you the last thought
on my mind was having an orgasm. Although...you were a fun baby to 
carry. I guess I shouldn't be telling you this."


"What do you mean?"


"Well, when I got pregnant with you your dad just lost all interest in sex.
He said I looked...heavy, you know, fat. I couldn't go all those months 
without...satisfaction...you know me." 


"Yeah. So I guess there were...other...men?"


"Yes. And women. Not many especially when I was late term and really big.
But it was very sensual with a few. They were curious and I was horny.
What a combination. My best times though...were alone...or at least just
the two of us, you know. I'd touch myself and feel you inside my big 
belly, and I'd be coming while you were turning or kicking inside like you
could feel me inside. God, Chris this is so private. I've never told another
living soul, not even Carol."


"Its...beautiful. I never would have thought a woman...about her baby...
that way." 


I was shaken and excited at the same time. Given what I knew I was afraid
to ask if Dad was my...real father. If not, then who?"


"And Uncle Jerry? Did you...ever...feel anything for him? You looked so
sincere and affectionate when you were...making love on the gurney."


"Did I love him? Sure. For about four hours. Like the other thirty or
forty men I fucked on camera. It was the most exciting, dangerous, thing
I'd ever done. You know...now...what I mean. All the rules are...suspended."


"So where did I fit in?"


"I wanted the wild part of being a woman but I also wanted the...other part,
too. I wanted to have a baby, and a happy marriage, the normal stuff
as well. I got part of my wish anyway. Your dad is your father, don't worry."


"Did Dad know?"


"He knew. He thought he could deal with my past but when I started...finding
other outlets for my...like Aunt Carol...he just couldn't cope. That's
why he left. The reasons I told you at the time were nonsense."


A very strange thought crossed my mind.


"Did you and...Aunt Carol ever...do it?"


"Carol is my dearest friend in the world besides being my sister but no, 
Chris we've never been intimate like that if that's what you mean. 
We've been intimate in ways you will never understand. Like in planning your
stay with her and Uncle Jerry for the last year. When I told her what
I wanted to do I had to reveal my most shameful desires to her. I knew she
would understand and help me with my two wishes. 


The first, darling, was to tell you about my past in a way that wouldn't 
drive you away like your father. Whatever else happens Chris, know that I 
love you and all the years of growing up with me as your mother are 
treasured memories for me as well."


There was a pause. I could hear hear shifting or moving. Her voice continued,
sounding a bit more tense.


"The second...will have to wait until...we can talk in person." 


After several seconds of silence I tried to renew the conversation.


"Did I interrupt you when I called? I didn't think you were going to pick
it up."


"You caught me in the shower. I've been lying here on my bed naked 
and soaking the comforter this whole time we've been talking...Chris?...
Chris? Are you still there?"


"I...I just...came all over my...hand...Mom. I just couldn't stop it."


I heard a sound over the phone that seemed like it was being pushed into
a pillow or comforter, trying to prevent me from hearing what was happening.
It was only partly effective. Very dimly, as if from the other side
of a thick wall, I heard my mother...come. A long, slightly Southern moan
I'd heard before.


"I want to come home, Mom. For a few days or so. We can...talk."


"Yes, Chris. I think you should." she said sniffling as if she was trying to 
stop tears, "You have two weeks till classes start. Can you fly back with Alicia 
and her mom? I'll send you the money."


                                ******
I spent the morning resting, working out, doing some laps in the big pool.
Swimming and school were only a few weeks away and at some point I had to
get off the tornado. I was beginning to doubt that a life of abject debauchery 
and incestuous sex was conducive to academic achievement. Naaaaa.


It was after one when I got a call from Aunt Carol telling me I could meet
her, Alicia, and Samantha down at the shopping mall in thirty minutes. I
wasn't sure what she had in mind but I knew I could count on her imagination.


I found the threesome waiting for me in the food area. They were looking
really dressy and refreshed from the spa treatment and expensive makeovers
they had, all a treat from Aunt Carol. Alicia in particular was stunning,
like a model, in her print dress, white stockings, and white high heels.
They were the shoes Aunt Carol had worn when she first teased me and she
had let Alicia borrow them.


We wandered to several stores all the time touching and playing little
intimate games. It was intoxicating to be the focus of three such gorgeous
women as they held various items of clothing and lingerie against them
and asked my opinion, like being a sultan. The salesgirls fell into one of
two camps. Either utter contempt and disgust or sheepish, grinning envy. Some
knew what we were up to but most were oblivious.


When we got to the escalators Aunt Carol said nothing to Alicia or Samantha.
I was disappointed a little that she didn't think to include them in her
little exhibitionist head trip. Then I realized. She didn't need to.


Alicia came to the escalator and took in the whole scene in a glance. The
glass side, the strategic location of the benches below. She got up against 
the glass side on her left in her shortish, flowing skirt, and put her right 
foot one step higher than her left foot. In this position she was standing 
almost facing the glass. 


As she glided up to the next level I watched inconspicuously both her face 
and that of the three or four young guys who had seen her coming. They 
locked on her like they had radar. She merely glanced once or twice into 
their hapless eyes then looked ahead nonchalantly. 


When I thought she had set up her flash to perfection she demonstrated why I 
was just a guy and she was the lady master. Reaching for the shoulder strap 
of her purse which she was carrying on her left, she hooked her fingers into 
the light material of her dress underneath and lifted both as if to prevent 
the purse from slipping. It was so subtle and so effective. Her hem was
raised almost to her buttocks by the pressure of the purse and the tilting
of her hips as she shifted to pull up the bag. A blind man would have 
had no trouble seeing her vagina as she passed overhead, panty-less, shaved, 
and carefree.


Samantha was not yet the pro that Alicia had become but she saw what
Alicia was doing without a word being spoken between them. As her turn
came, Samantha took a breath and felt the hot eyes of the young high schoolers
below going up her stockinged thighs, clear up to the crotch of her marine
blue satin thong panties.


I wasn't going to spoil their fun by pointing out that I knew what was going
on. It was better to let them feel they had this little secret. It had
the expected effect however because Alicia became even more affectionate
than before and Samantha and Aunt Carol were making plans out of my
earshot. Alicia waited until we were all back together in a semi-secluded
hallway to make her proposal.


"Chriiiis.", Alicia said getting even more cutely than normal. "You're going
to think this is really silly and dumb but there's a fantasy that I've had
that I want to try. I've always thought it would be so hot to like sneak a
guy into a woman's dressing room, you know, a nice one with a door, and then 
be having sex while all the other women are just...changing next door and
stuff. We'd be like doing it right next to them and they wouldn't know."


"Yeah. Fun all right, and real illegal. Do you know what the fine is for
something like that? Probably jail time."


"It's only a misdemeanor.", Aunt Carol said. The fine is trivial unless you're
being lewd in public where children might see. That could get you jail time."


"You sound like you've researched this.", I came back surprised.


"Just experience.", she grinned.


"Oh come on Chris. I go in first and make sure it's all clear then you
join me. We'll just go in...do it...and get out. Maybe two minutes.
It'll be such a hoot."


She was rubbing my leg. My resistance collapsed.


The best fitting room was the one at the upscale department store. First,
they were large enough for two, and second they had doors, and full-length
mirrors, and carpeting inside that would dampen any sound we might make.


Alicia walked in and then waved me in behind her. We went into one of the
empty dressing rooms with rooms on either side. There were women already
in the other rooms since it was a fairly busy time. Immediately Alicia started 
taking off her dress.


"Hey.", I whispered, "I thought you would just lift it up and I'd pull out
my penis and get on with it. What are you doing?"


"No Chris. You have to undress totally. That's the really hot part, come on."


She was rolling off her white thigh tops to be totally nude and I undressed
completely against my better judgment. We made a beautiful pair in the
full length mirror as she started sucking me to erection. There were no
ceilings on the room, of course, so all sound would easily travel over the
tops of the walls to the adjacent booths. 


Other women were now coming in to try on their outfits right next to us.
It was so quiet I could hear the sound of their zippers being lowered and
the material of their clothes rustle as the took off their own clothes and
slipped into the store clothes to see how they fit. Alicia was using her
best 'stealth' suck but she occasionally let a smack go uncensored. Then
she mounted my hips facing away so she could watch us fuck in the mirror
at the same time. 


I was overwhelmed by the sense of excitement. This was real. We were nude 
in this dressing room with other strange women coming and going around us...
and it was the real world. Not some phony set, or secret bar, this was 
reality and we were tempting fate every second we continued. The more we 
got away with the more I felt...nobody really minded.


Her wet vagina made a sucking sound of its own as she thrust herself up and
down on my shaft, slapping her buttocks onto my thighs. It was really
exciting trying to be so quiet, not wanting to be discovered, listening as
the unsuspecting women next door went about their innocent business. Would
they have liked to watch the attractive couple fucking? Maybe join in?


Alicia started moaning, her high, gutsy, cry of pleasure leading to her
orgasm. I was watching my penis sliding in and out of her pink vagina in
the mirror, and her expression of rapture as she came in full abandon.


"Ohhhhhh...Yessssss...Ohhh, Ohhh, Ohhh, Ohhh."


I contained myself about a millisecond longer before pulling out and
shooting my come onto the carpet between her legs. Squeezing her 
breasts from behind, I suppressed my own gasps by burying my face in 
her soft, blond hair along her neck.


We dressed quickly aware of the busy traffic coming in and out. Several women
were in rooms on either side of us. Alicia peeked out the door and when
it looked clear we scampered out, breathless but relieved we weren't caught.


We caught up with Aunt Carol and Samantha who were sitting outside the store
and laughing at some shared joke. I asked Samantha what they were laughing
about.


"You thought you were so smart in Mexico about the resort being a setup. 
Well, you don't know very much about department store dressing rooms, 
I guess.", she said unable to fight back her laughter.


Aunt Carol finished her thought for her.


"All those rooms are monitored by security women behind the mirrors. They're
looking for shoplifters. I guess they didn't think you were there to
steal anything so they just let you have your fun. It probably made their
day as well, if I know anything about the women they hire."


"I'm surprise you didn't know something like that, Alicia. Its common 
knowledge among women. What were you thinking?", Samantha said to
her daughter, chidingly.


With a suspicious grin Alicia just said, "I...I must have forgot."


As the four of us drove back home I thought about what Alicia and I had
done and why it was such a turn on for her. I realized it was the mirror.
When we were fucking she wasn't watching me, she was watching herself as
if the beautiful image she saw was another woman, more perfect, more
desirable, than little Alicia Aronesti she felt like inside. I knew now
that her satisfaction in doing porn and the wild exhibitionist things that
we'd done this summer was not sexual. It was pure...narcissism. Not that
it wasn't justified.


                                ******
Our plane got in ahead of schedule. Alicia and Samantha kissed me goodbye,
thanking me for the most incredible two weeks of their lives. I promised to
call Alicia when I got back to my aunt's in about a week and then they grabbed
a cab and were off, back to their home in the valley.


Not wanting to have Mom pick me up, I took the shuttle back home.
I wanted to be home first, before she got home from her hospital administrator's
job around five thirty. I put my bags up in my room which looked reassuringly
familiar after my three weeks at Aunt Carol's. I walked by my mom's room
and looked in. It was all neat and clean and sunny. Familiar as well, 
yet I felt...threatened, intimidated by it. I went down to the kitchen and
got a snack, sitting a the kitchen table. I heard her car pull into the
car port and her steps coming up the walk.


"Hi Chris. You made it."


"Hi Mom."


There was a painfully long silence. Then she spoke.


"Don't I at least get a kiss hello?"


"I'm not sure. Not yet."


She put her bag on the counter. She was wearing a light yellow woman's
suit with a straight skirt and yellow pumps. The jacket had three large 
white buttons down the front and white piping. Under her jacket was
a white silk blouse, open at her neck. She wore a strand of pearls with 
gold earrings. She had on her sunglasses which she removed putting on her 
large framed eyeglasses. 


As she switched I could see how she resembled Aunt Carol in little ways. 
They had a similar nose and mouth, small with a little upturn like Meg Ryan
almost. Mom's face was rounder without the perfect cheekbones Aunt Carol 
had but softer, a girl next door face. She'd had her hair done since I had 
been away. It was a little lighter blond and cut to her shoulders, permed in 
a tight cascade of curls all around. 


She was just about to come over when the phone rang. She shook her hair 
back and removed her left earring before putting the receiver to her ear. 
As she talked she looked directly at me.


"Hello. Hi. Yes he's here. He's sitting in front of me in the kitchen. No,
I just got in the door. Will you relax, Carol? I will call you back, soon.
Not tonight. Sure. I love you too. Bye."


"Was that Aunt Carol? Checking up on us? Seeing if we had...done it yet?"


"I can see this is a mistake. I thought you understood by now."


"I don't understand anything anymore. I'm totally screwed."


She sat down across from me at the table wanting to touch me but reluctant.


"How did you feel, Chris, when you were in bed with Alicia and Samantha? Were
you disgusted? Ashamed?"


"That's different."


"Why, it's still...incest. What about Aunt Carol?", she asked.


"WHAT ABOUT UNCLE JERRY! FUCK!"


"I'm not proud of my past, but that's who I am. I never regretted a single
thing I ever did then and I won't start now. You've got to deal with your
life but I know how I feel...about you."


I looked up at her. She was different. I was different. My summer of 
disrepute had transformed all of us. I was sitting next to a beautiful,
lusting woman.


"You...you were...so beautiful...then.", I said picturing her on her back
with her legs up on the gurney about to be penetrated by Uncle Jerry.


"Thanks. What am I now, Marge Schott, maybe?", she came back, completely
cracking us both up. I knew I had inherited her gene for humor.


"When did you know that you...wanted me...sexually, the first time?"


"We were lover's before you were ever born, darling. When you were inside
and I came with you in me, kicking and rolling. It was a special experience
for me as a woman. 


Once you matured and I saw you swimming, or just going about the house in
you briefs I had...feelings. At first I thought it was just a thing
for young men. I even...slept with some...some of your friends.
You never knew any of this, of course. I tried to pretend they were... you 
but...Its just how I am, I guess. I was always just a little...wild."


I heard traces of her Georgian accent creep into her voice as she spoke. It
was coming from somewhere I had never been. She removed her glasses, 
laying them on the kitchen table.


"Touch my face, Chris."


I brought my fingers to her cheek. Her skin was warm, softer than Samantha's
and lighter. I traced her lips with my index finger tip and she took it
between her teeth, biting it and smiling. I stood and she stood against me, 
nearly as tall in her high heels. My arms encircled her waist drawing our 
pelvis' together in defiance of the strictest of all taboos. 


As her eyes closed and our lips and tongues finally came together, I felt 
only a woman, a lusting, passionate woman. It could have been Alicia, or 
Aunt Carol, or Samantha, or Kim, even Juliette. The smell of her hair, the 
sound of her breath in my ear, the feel of her ass through the tight
yellow skirt, the pressure of her breasts as they flattened against
my chest. Not some video dream for adolescent moron's to whack off to while 
smart old guys scam them for millions. This was the real thing, 
three dimensional, multisensory, analog, flesh and blood...life 
giving...woman.


I slid down to my knees facing her. Reaching behind her legs, I took her
knees in my hands. Her pantyhose were like a sheer second skin that shifted
over the warmer flesh beneath. My hands roamed upward taking the hem of
her yellow skirt with them, pushing it up over her thighs, compressing
it around her waist. The pantyhose were sheer all the way to the 
waist, veiling a pair of black lace thong panties. I drew the 
pantyhose and panties down together from behind, pulling the stretch
material off her ass first and letting the front spring down in stages
like an upside down curtain.


Her belly above her pubic hair was inches from my face. I kissed her there
lightly several times, tickling her and making her abdominal muscles
tense. Her skin smelled familiar, Jergen's lotion I think. Her pubic hair 
was dark blond, almost the exact shade as Aunt Carol before she went bare. 
It had been trimmed neatly in a small rectangular strip perfect for bikinis. 
I brought the pantyhose all the way down to her ankles where she stepped out 
of her shoes, removed the pantyhose from each of her feet and then...put 
her yellow pumps back on.


Her gesture did not go unappreciated. Any "ordinary" woman, that is, a woman
not fully attuned to her animal self, not well schooled in the erotic mind 
of the hapless male, would never have put those tight, uncomfortable shoes 
back on. But she did. Not just for me. It was for her, too.


With only minimal pressure I raised her right thigh and rested her shoe
on the kitchen chair beside us. She was now open, vulnerable, wanton.
I spread the inner lips of my mother's wet, pink vagina, leaned against her,
and ran my tongue from their lowest extent to the swollen bud of her
shrouded clitoris. 


Her taste and smell was, of course, her own. Not even close to Aunt Carol. 
But it did its magic. If there were even the slightest shred of moral shame
left in me, this act, this scent, like a pungent potion, cured me. I was
hers. See you in Hell, Oedipus!


I licked her with all the skill and desire I had gained over the summer from 
my loving instructors. She was moaning, gasping, as her darkest, wildest, 
most perverted wish was coming true right between her legs. I brought her
right up to the edge three or four times, feeling her spring tighten and
then...pulling back, nuzzling her thighs. 


I straightened up and she let her skirt drop. We kissed. Deeply. Covered in
her juices. Then I reached under her bottom and picked her up in my arms,
Rhett Butler style. It was her favorite movie. I carried her with her 
head against my chest to her bedroom down the hall, no longer intimidated.


                                *******
"Carol was not kidding. You do have a tongue like a fucking snake.", she
said to me, her lust mixing with her sense of fun.


"Were there any other bits of wisdom Aunt Carol shared about me?  
Was she debriefing you on my performance over the summer?"


"Oh. Just a few. Nothing that a man would appreciate."


"Like?"


"Like you have a really big vein on the top of your penis. When she was
sucking you she could feel your pulse on the roof her mouth. Stuff like that."


"Bizarre. You don't taste anything like her. I like you better."


She was intent on having me nude at the earliest possible moment and I
was glad to comply. I sat on the edge of the big king sized bed that she
had only partially filled since Dad left us two years ago. She took a
few steps back so that I could take in her whole body as she stripped for
me...and herself. Behind me, strategically in her line of sight, was the
large, tilting full-length mirror. She could watch not only herself but
my reaction at the same time. She had a rare kind of sensual intelligence.


The yellow jacket was first, tossed onto the low chair like a big banana
peel. Then her silk blouse. She pushed each button through its hole with
agonizing deliberateness, then let it fall open exposing her black bra
beneath. She stretched her upper torso arching her back and holding her arms
out at her sides, letting her blouse fall onto the floor of its own will.
Her eyes went from mine to her reflection in the mirror and back again, 
drawing power from both sources.


She lowered a single strap of the bra but not the cup, then did the same
with the other strap. Her face was transfixed as she focussed on the 
sensation of her lace bra cups on her nipples inside. Her hidden charms,
the joy of her womanhood, all this she kept veiled for just a few more 
delicious moments. Her hands pushed up under the lace embroidered black cups, 
releasing the front catch and propelling the empty bra onto the floor behind 
her.


I had seen her breasts before. Accidentally. Coming out of the shower too
fast. Changing shirts to go out. That kind of thing. Just flashes, lost in 
time. I had never seen them as they were meant to be seen. Warm, velvety, 
voluptuous gifts from nature. Her aureoles were broad, much wider than
any of the women I'd known. They were a dusty rose and capped by a thimble
sized nipple, each with its own little "smile" folded into the sensitive 
flesh. Small bumps encircled the outer edge. Her head was back as she
offered them to me for viewing only just now, thank you. Her eyes scanned
the mirror longer and her breathing was deeper.


Reaching around the back she found the zipper of her skirt and released it.
Only her hands and her sense of modesty kept the snug fitting yellow
skirt from falling to her feet. Putting her hands on her little Gauguin
saddlebags she began easing the yellow fabric over her bare buttocks and
thighs beneath. The sensation on her skin was reflected in her face, a
mixture of pleasure and surprise. I'd seen the same expression in Alicia's 
face as the honey ran down inside her gown and over her vagina. Beyond a
certain point the mystery was over and she let the skirt fall, folding 
over her shoes.


She looked again in the mirror, cupping her breasts, caressing her belly
and thighs. No long shrouded by the necessities of modesty she was
free. And I was real hard.


She came over to me wearing just the yellow shoes and the single strand of
pearls around her throat. There was a control on the nightstand and she 
dimmed the lights to just a yellow red glow. Her hand began working my penis 
up and down at the base only. She must have been trading notes with Aunt 
Carol again. It felt wonderful. Intense, but controlled. No sense rushing 
this kind of sin. 


Her mouth glided down over my penis and she tasted her son's semen at the
tip. I held her blond curls in my fingers and felt the small, soft hairs
on the nape of her neck. The velvet white skin of her back was stretched over
the ridges of her spine as she leaned into my lap. It was time.


We were so primed by now that no force on earth, no edict from above, could
have stopped what we were about to do. She lay back gracefully, partly
propped by her pillows, and drew up her thighs, offering her vagina to
me in total surrender to her libido. I moved between her legs, cupping
her buttocks, pulling them open, pressing her thighs against her breasts.
Her hand took me, rubbed me gently over her lubricated inner lips till I
found the keyhole to heaven. We looked right into each other's eyes,
more conscious and clear than any time previous in either of our lives.


After a moments pause to savor the utter wickedness of our act, I entered 
her, sliding up into her vagina in one long cataclysm until my balls were
banging her labia. Her fantasy fulfilled, she sighed long and deep before
thrusting her hips upwards and demanding total release. 


We were fucking. Like with Aunt Carol but...wilder. She really liked it...
rough and dirty. Holding me into her she moaned,


"Yes. Put that cock into me. Hard damn it. Fuck me harder. Ooooo. Yaasss.
Fuck my pussy with your big hard fuckin' cock."


We were quickly covered in sweat as we copulated in total abandon. Not
content to remain on her back, she got on top riding me to her first
orgasm.


"Fuckin' sooo goood. Oh fuck....Oh, I'm comin'. Oh God, YAASSSSSSS...
Ohhh, Ohhhh, Ohhhhh, Ohhhhhhh."


Not missing a beat, I stood up with her still impaled, her legs wrapped
around my waist. It was totally crazy as if all the slow build up was now
crashing downhill in runaway wildness. I read her so well. She was so
fucking bad right now in her mind that any humiliation or shock was
accepted as just punishment, what she deserved for being so perverse as to 
fuck her own natural son.


I carried her to the bathroom in a frenzy. She was gasping and wide eyed
wanting me to prove that she had perverted me in her own image. I forced
her onto her knees before the toilet. As I entered her from behind I
vilified her verbally,


"You fucking slut! You want to fuck your son! Fuck him you slut! Make him
come in his mama's pussy! Make you son fuck you. SLUT!"


I forced her face into the toilet, pushing her underwater as long as I
dared without killing her, then letting her up long enough to breathe
and take a few more deep, cervix pounding thrusts. I repeated the
dunking, her hair now dripping, her expression pain and humiliation.


"Come you fucking slut. Come because it feels so good with you son's
cock in you and you wanted it all along all these years. Come and let him
hear your orgasm. Let you son hear you come like the slut you are. Come
you bitch."


"Awwwww....fuuuuuuck me...I'm so...so bad...I'm gonna come again. Your mom's 
gonna come, Chris...YAAAASSSSS, Ohhh, Ohhh, Ohhhh."


I quickly pulled her dripping face to me as I withdrew. I exploded directly
into her gaping, gasping mouth, almost choking her with my jet of come that
hit her in the back of her throat. I was out of breath and...laughing.


"Hey, it does taste like pineapple juice. Alicia wasn't kidding.", she said
grinning from ear to ear.


"You need a fucking towel, that's what you need. Here."


I tossed her a bath towel and she wiped herself off still laughing and
swallowing my hearty load of come.


"I guess you did learn something after all this summer. You read me like
one of your fucking college texts, didn't you, Buster."


She snapped the towel at my ass. Thank God for that humor gene.


                                *******
The summer of our disrepute turned into a year of living outrageously for
Mom, myself, and especially Alicia and her mom, Samantha.


Not long after her dad returned from Europe, Alicia and Samantha told him
about the porno business and Alicia's career plans. To their surprise he
was very supportive although the ten thousand dollar check they waived
under his face probably had more to do with his enthusiasm than anything
they might have said. He figured he had been making money selling Alicia's 
panties all these years, now it was time to make some real bucks off her.


I spent most of my weekends either driving down to Mexico to watch Alicia
working or back up to her place to visit her. Samantha had taken on the 
role of Alicia's manager and was doing a good job of it getting her both
explicit and cable porno roles. She did the cable stuff because the pay was
good but they spent to much time blocking penis' from view and not enough on
the really nasty stuff she loved. Samantha enjoyed either style equally as long 
as she got to the wrap party. That was her time to be 'wild'.


The rest of the time I seemed to spend on the phone with Alicia calling from 
Aunt Carol's. Alicia had this amazing ability to become wherever she was.
She would tell me all this petty high school shit about her girlfriends and
their jerk boyfriends and then in the next sentence be talking about fucking
on a boat off the coast of Mexico with eight other actor couples and a film
crew.


Aunt Carol and Uncle Jerry were great to be with even when I wasn't having
intercourse with her. She was really proud and excited about my coming together
with my mom not so much because it aroused her, which it did, but because
she knew how much the lifelong fantasy had meant to her beloved sister, my
mom, Karen. They also helped me out with school and clothes money. Uncle
Jerry had asked if I wanted to do some porn stuff but I preferred living it
through Alicia. Aunt Carol's imagination never ceased to amaze me. She 
managed to assemble seven of her dearest lady friends for a bridge party one 
afternoon and, as I found out, I was the desert. It was sheer debauchery for 
four of the wildest hours I ever spent.


Mom and I 'fooled around' a few times after our initial coupling, when the
mood hit us. We soon discovered another game that was almost as
much fun called 'Shock the Date'. She had been dating several different
guys and one in particular, Alan, thought he was a pretty wild dude himself.
Mom told me about their lovemaking in graphic detail and said he was a very
passionate lover. But he had an arrogant streak that irritated her. On one
occasion when I was staying at home, she brought him back to sleep over.


He was being real cool about it but he clearly felt a little uncomfortable
sleeping with my mom right in front of me. We both acted our usual selves
waiting for good opportunities to fuck with his mind. Like French kissing
good night with our crotches in contact. 


"You two are...reeeally close.", he felt compelled to mention after one 
such lengthy exchange.


Or walking into my mom's bathroom as she was showering to take a piss while 
Alan lay in bed, stunned.


The real fun test came during breakfast, much like the scene Aunt Carol
played with me and Uncle Jerry before I knew the game. I sat sipping coffee 
and reading the paper while Alan sat to my right. Mom came down in her silk 
print robe that tied in front with a black sash. 


Somehow, the black sash 'accidentally' came undone and the robe
fell open. Underneath she was deliciously nude. The robe parted on either
side of her large nippled breasts and gave both Alan and me an unveiled
frontal view of her nakedness from her head, to her blond pubic hair, to
the tops of her feet. 


She stood motionless as if still unaware of her exposure for several long, 
dangerous seconds. I could see Alan's face peripherally and he was flushed 
red in shock. I feigned indifference despite my erection and continued to 
sip coffee and read. 


Mom told me later she was prepared to totally shock him by fucking me in 
front of him but she actually liked him and didn't want to freak him into 
breaking up. Good thinking Mom. She was so fucking wild.


Sometime around February I decided to ignore Samantha's warnings and ask
Alicia to marry me next summer after she had graduated. I wanted to tell
her in the most romantic way I could and fortunately I got help from
Jim and Kim. Jim called me at my aunt's and invited Alicia and me to stay
with them for skiing and...other recreation over a weekend. I told Jim
my intentions and what I wanted to do and he was gassed. He said Kim was
screaming in silence and jumping up and down when he told her as well.


I drove up and picked up Alicia after school. We had never been skiing but
we rented all the stuff and drove up into the mountains to Jim and Kim's
place. They had a nice wood and stone two story cabin home about four miles
from the ski runs and after unpacking we were off to the slopes. 


With all the sex I'd been getting it was nice to just have some with some
friends in a romantic setting like the mountains in February. Kim
and and I flirted outrageously while Alicia and Jim were more intent on
learning to ski than anything else. I just prayed she didn't break something
before I could pop the question.


That evening we had dinner at the cabin and Jim built a big fire in the
fireplace. Then he brought out his video camera while Alicia, Kim, and me
got reacquainted. It was delicious, slow, lovemaking, undressing in front
of the big fire. Feeling the warmth on our bare skin as we touched and tasted
and experienced each other sexuality. 


Kim made love to Alicia with a sweetness that revealed a deep affection 
beyond just the physical arousal of their nubile bodies. In our last act, 
Kim got on her back on the rug before the fireplace and I entered her vagina 
while Alicia straddled her face and received Kim's tongue on her vagina and 
ass. 


I watched Alicia's arousal as she watched mine, tied together through Kim's 
perfect body beneath us. As Alicia exploded in her orgasm, her face moist 
with perspiration, I joined her, pulling out and shooting my load onto Kim's 
navel.


We came down slowly, not wanting to ever lose the moment. With the video
camera still rolling I reached under the rug and took out the engagement
ring I had put there.


"Alicia. Will you marry me?", I said in a near whisper.


Her eyes welled in tears and she fell into my arms as Kim experienced her
own orgasm with her hand beneath us.


"Yes. Oh yes, Chris. I love you. I love you so much."


Even Jim had to take down the camera to wipe his eyes. Where is that
freeze frame button on life when you need it?


Samantha was dubious but understanding. Just as long as we both were ok
about the porno business I guess she could bless our marriage. Her dad
went along out of deference to Samantha who was now managing the home
finances as well. 


The wedding was going to be in June and Samantha, Aunt Carol, and Mom 
had a new project to plan between them. First however, I had one fantasy
of my own to play out and it involved graduation day.


Alicia's high school graduation was held outdoors on the front lawn of
the high school. Samantha, Aunt Carol, and Mom all were dressed to kill.
Each tried to outdo the other for style from a basic white mini-dress with
patterned white stockings (Aunt Carol), to a more mature print silk dress
(Mom) with suntan stockings and white lace garters. Samantha wore the navy
and white polka dot outfit she'd worn in Mexico the first time she met us 
there. Fond memories no doubt of her 'coming out'.


Alicia came up to me in her cap and gown smiling broadly. 


"I wanted to show you a little something I did at the last shoot. Some of
the other girls dared me to do it and I showed them."


She unzipped her gown in front. Except for her shoes and the pearl necklace
my mom had lent her she was nude underneath, her blond pubic hair now
fully regrown. There were two minor accessories that had been added. Through
each of her pert nipples she wore a gold loop which pierced her flesh but
didn't seem to be hurting her."


"Like them?"


"Don't they hurt?"


"Just when they pierce you. Once the hole gets set its just like earrings."


I kissed each of her nipples then kissed her on the lips and told her to
get going she was going to be late. And have a couple sodas before the
ceremony.


I went back to the seats where Mom, Aunt Carol, and Samantha and I were
sitting. They were each sipping on the sodas I'd brought them and we
chatted before the ceremony began. Alicia walked up to receive her diploma
and her mom applauded proudly. Alicia hadn't counted on the angle of the
sun and the sheerness of her rayon gown. For the most delightful fleeting
moment as the sun passed through her gown, her spectacular nude silhouette
underneath was visible. No one said a word. It was just an 'accident'. 
Whatever shock or arousal any of the crowd felt, it went without comment.


The four of us got up from our seats before the commencement speech was to
begin. Knowing the speaker, it would be some time until the ceremony would
end. Alicia came down from the stage and made a detour down the walkway
leading back to the school. It was Saturday and the building was empty 
but not locked because of the ceremony. Trying to look like we belonged
there, the ladies and I slipped in the double doors, scampered across the
tile floor, and opened the door to the principal's office with a credit card.


No one spoke. Alicia was the first to undress, unzipping her gown and letting
it billow onto the floor. Aunt Carol removed her dress and stockings, Samantha
was close behind, even my mom was getting into the spirit and stripping as
quickly and quietly as she could. I had set up my still and video camera and
was capturing the entire show for posterity. The room looked like a ladies
locker room with four gorgeous nude women standing about.


Alicia took a seat on the black leather couch in the principal's office, then
Aunt Carol and my mom sat on either side of her their thighs touching 
Alicia's. Samantha sat between her daughters feet on the carpet in front of 
the couch. 


On my cue they each got into position, drawing up their legs and sliding their
butts to the edge of the sofa, then spreading their vaginas with their fingers 
from below. I could see each of their faces through their legs and they were 
smiling at the silliness of my request.


I scanned the four women now before me with the video camera. Each had a
distinct vagina so unique to her yet so alike. Both Aunt Carol and Alicia
had grown back their pubic hair which made three blonds and a brunette by my
count. Their was a spectrum of pink labia from Alicia's pale pink, to
Samantha's deeper crimson with Mom and Aunt Carol very close in color and
even shape. All of them appeared very wet and aroused which turned me on
like they couldn't have imagined. I said I was ready.


The several sodas I'd given them made the last part easy. All four women
had very full bladders and were anxious to get this part over as soon a
possible. Alicia was first, shooting a clear warm stream out in an arch
several inches in front of her. The sound of her pee spattering on the
leather sofa inspired both Mom and Aunt Carol who began peeing about the
same instant adding to the clatter on the leather. Now it was up to Samantha.
She didn't let me down. After making that gesture of licking her teeth,
she let go with a fountain, pushing it with her abdominal muscles as far as
she could shoot it. I'd done it. A perfect intergenerational four-way
simultaneous piss shot. Lets see you top that, Henry Paris?


Holding the camera to my eye, I couldn't resist.


"Hey, Alicia Aronesti. You just graduated high school. Now where are you
going?"


"I'm going to fucking Disneyland!", she shouted gleefully.


And so were we all. So were we all.



















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com
site mirrors at:
http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/mirrors.htm

Be There.....












