Copyright © 1998,   (Christopher Allan Peters).  ALL Rights Reserved
The following story is being published anonymously for the author 
(Christopher Allan Peters) by Mr Double (mrdouble@mrdouble.com).  



-----
Date: Mon, 25 Aug 1997 
To: mrdouble@ix.netcom.com (mrdouble)
Subject: Aunt Carol 3
----

Part 3 of 4
                                ******
I walked down the carpeted hall to the end where the large oak door was
just barely open. In ordinary black letters it read "Juliette Anderson,
Executive Director". I was about to knock when Juliette's voice called
from inside.


"Come in Chris and have a seat. I'll be off the phone in a sec."


I went into the outer room of the suit. There was a black leather and 
stainless couch and matching chair and a very expensive crystal coffee
table which looked like a block of ice. There were some books and magazines
on it in English and something like German but weirder looking. Maybe
Danish. Across from the sofa and chair and canted at an angle was a huge
50" wide screen TV. There was another oak door that led to her desk area
but I didn't want to disturb her if she was in conference. It was very
quiet away from the chaos of the set.


"Like my pet?", Juliette cooed as she stepped through her office door. She
was wrapped in a fur coat which was a little strange for Mexican summer but
could explain why the air conditioning was on so high on the second floor.


"Its ermine. I'd never actually kill the poor little things to make a coat
but these were already dead so, what the fuck. Its not just any ermine
coat, it has a special little secret. Can you guess the secret, Chris?"


"Well, for starters, I would guess that you're totally nude underneath it.
Is that a fair bet?"


"Very good, my dear Holmes. But that's not the special part my sweet, 
or the fact that it set me back about seventy-five thousand dollars, either. 
No, the really nice part about this coat is that it's double-sided, there's 
ermine on the outside and there's all this soft, cuddly ermine on the inside 
as well. You can't imagine how it just tickles a girls...everything to wrap 
her nude body in seventy-five thousand dollars worth of the softest fur on
the planet. 


Now take off those fucking clothes before I have to spank you
for being such a bad boy. Imagine making you girlfriend's mom do all that
nasty stuff and then...my goodness...actually fucking her in front of her
own daughter. Just shameful."


I peeled off my jeans last and stood for a moment as her eyes drank me in
from head to toe. Her lips parted involuntarily as she glided up next to
me, pulled open her ermine coat and pressed her very warm nude body
up against me. She draped the oversized coat over my shoulders so that the
furry insides were swishing over my buttocks and we locked our mouths in
the most primitive and carnal of French kisses.


Her breasts were stretched and a bit lower, but as my hands brushed over
them they had the supple texture and fleshy voluptuousness of a younger
woman's. My hands roved over her ass cheeks behind, lifting them and
caressing them in circles. Her skin wrinkled with pressure unlike Alicia's
elastic melons or even Samantha's mottled cheeks but...it still...felt like
a woman, nothing like the muscled sinews of a man's ass. She was also a
great kisser, able to hold her breath longer than a woman half her age.


There was still one test of Mother Nature's bounty to women that I had to
make. I brought my hand around her belly, slowly easing down over her
ticklish pubic triangle. It was sparser and lighter than the natural blond
bush of her youth that I had admired so much in the mirror scene. My finger 
slid along the insides of her pussy lips and she shivered and pressed up 
against me a bit more in rising passion. She was outrageously wet, 
eighteen-year-old-girl-on-her-first-date-with-the-high-school-quarterback 
wet. Her eyes opened and looked at me knowing that she had passed the test.


"If you know how to live your dreams as a woman...you never lose it." 


She kissed me again before adding, "Of course, I also recommend a balanced 
diet, regular exercise, and very expensive hormone therapy. Along with a 
shot of strawberry lube."


I tasted my finger and...strawberry. Ok, so maybe you can't totally fool
Mother Nature. But it wasn't all strawberry. There was another scent there
that I tried to place. It was a woman's scent for sure but more complex.
It smelled like sandalwood incense fanned through an old, musty movie theater.
Like pine oil cleaner in a murky men's restroom. Like thousands  of old men 
staring up at a beautiful woman on screen, exposing her genitals and her 
soul for them while they jerked off into a tissue in worship. It smelled 
like a legend.


"I want to put on a video while we...warm up."


No fucking way. I was about to fuck a legend and she thinks I need to
watch a porno flick to get in the mood. Talk about killing the moment.


"Juliette, I really don't want or need to watch a stupid..."


"Shh. Humor me. Its an oldie but you might get a kick out of it."


She clicked on the wide screen and started the VCR. It was a flick I had
never found in dad's stash called "Candy Stripers". The premise was there
were these young nubile little hospital helpers called Candy Stripers that
wore semi-nurses uniforms with peppermint strip aprons and helped the nurses. 


Apparently the nurses and doctors and patients were also supposed to help 
themselves to the candy stripers as well. It was 35mm film on video which 
was another problem. I preferred the hard reality of video to the dream 
quality of film. Just my own bias I guess. The titles ran but Juliette was 
now performing oral sex on my erection and my reading ability was impaired. 


This tape had also been edited because all of a sudden we were at some 
middle scene. One of the nubile nurses was supposed to send a candy 
striper to look in on one of the female patients who needed some "therapy". 
The female patient, a thinnish looking dark haired girl in a long black
chiffon nightie pulled above her waist, was masturbating with a very 
ripe banana and clearly enjoying it. This was when the candy striper came 
in and "surprised" her.


Juliette had taken a breather at this point. As the girl came in she was
facing away from the camera and then turned for her first frontal shot.
There are moments in everyone's life that transform them, chaotically.
That was then and this is now. This was one of those moments. The
girl in the scene was unmistakable my own mother. 


As she was 22 years ago,  of course. She had straight, long blond hair with 
short bangs, not the cascading darker blond shoulder length perm she has now. 
She wasn't wearing her glasses either. But it was Mom. Beautiful, voluptuous, 
and utterly sensual in the short, crisp white uniform, with white stockings 
and shoes, and subtle but sexy eye and lip makeup that I'd never seen her 
wear in the 20 years I'd been her son. The connection was hard to make both 
in my brain and in my penis. This was Mom, do-your-homework-bringing-me-soup-
when-I'm-sick-listen-to-cry-when-Dad-left, Mom. 


She moved to the side of the other girl's hospital bed and watched her 
masturbating with the banana for a moment. Then she began to kiss her while 
her hand went down and massaged the girl's vagina. 


It was not acting beyond a certain point. You can't pay women enough to "act" 
what they do on camera in hard core porn. It was real. It was Mom becoming 
genuinely aroused with another woman in front of a roomful of camera people 
and sound technicians. 


Juliette had removed her coat and mounted my rigid penis taking her own 
pleasure and watching mine at the same time. She was open and wet and I 
glided easily up into the vagina that had held Leslie, and Holmes, and 
Gillis. I was in the Pussy Hall of Fame. 


Mom...Karen...lifted her uniform over her head and slid off the white 
stockings on her legs, unveiling her nude young body for all to see. Her 
breasts were firm and rode high on her chest with smallish but visibly erect 
nipples. She had wonderful, wide thighs and hips, not heavy but voluptuous 
like a Gauguin woman. Her bush was trimmed in a narrow strip of light blond 
curls. She was determined and confident and totally aroused, as I'd seen 
Alicia get when her hormones kicked in during the double penetration shot. 


She and the other girl now moved into 69 position and began eating each other 
in the bed. The camera shot was over the head of the dark haired girl looking 
up at Mom's gaping pink vagina as she was spread open. Her inner membranes 
were wet as her clit was vigorously sucked by the girl below her. She was 
licking and sucking the other girls vagina from above. 


The sound was not synched well until my mom exploded with a very real, very 
vocal, orgasm. It was her voice, that slightly hoarse, lisping voice that I 
knew from my earliest moments of life. It even had the faint echoes of 
her accent from her humble roots in Georgia that she tried so hard all her 
life to cover out of shame. It only crept back in when she was out of 
control...either real mad...or about to have and orgasm on film. She was 
actually coming with a Southern accent.


Juliette made one final thrust with her hips just as the sound of my Mom's
orgasm began and...I came inside her...aching, thrusting, panicked, scared,
horny, confused, drained. I came with the sound of my own mother's orgasm
in my ears and I knew I had crossed the line.


My orgasm didn't even dent my penis, as Juliette no doubt expected from her
twenty year old lover. She resumed as my mom was fingering the other girl,
first two, then three, and finally inserting her entire hand in her
well lubricated vagina. With her hand inside, my mom began stroking the
writhing woman as lust overcame all sense of modesty. It looked almost
surreal to see my mom's arm terminated at the wrist inside the body of another
woman as if it had been amputated. The woman came on cue with sweat visible
on her face and chest from the exertion and pleasure. 


Then the tape made another jump to the finale shot which looked like it 
would be the classic group sex curtain call. One pair caught my immediate 
attention and stiffened my cock inside Juliette, poking her cervix and 
causing her to wince. Laying on her back on a hospital gurney cart with her 
uniform skirt up over her waist was my mom. She was in white stockings and 
a garter belt but no panties and her pussy was open and inviting with her 
thighs drawn up in expectation of imminent penetration. And who should it
be that was imminently going to penetrate her but...Uncle Jerry...with
a really nice, well-veined, no-flex-about-it hard-on that told me he was
really going to enjoy this. 


They both enjoyed it. From the first moment of slow penetration, to the 
sounds of murmured cries and grunts and moans, to the frenzied, almost 
violent thrusting as their climax approached, there was no doubt that these 
people, at this moment, forever frozen in time, were in the throes of real 
sexual pleasure, so ubiquitous, yet so prized for its pure joy. 


They were looking right into each others eyes as my mom came first
and then Uncle Jerry, shooting his come onto her belly and garter belt and
falling against her heaving chest where they exchanged satisfied kisses.


Juliette came for about the third time as she extracted her pleasure from
my iron penis inside her. I finally came as well, arching up into her
and trying to pierce her navel from the backside as I convulsed in a
second gut wrenching orgasm.


"So that's how you knew my mom. She was in porn...with Uncle Jerry. Did
you ever work with her?"


"No, darling. She was just another young girl in a sea of young girls that
got into porn in the early days. It was the age of free love and birth 
control pills and some of the girls just got a little wild. I just admired
her honesty. She was hot wasn't she, Chris?"


"I'd say the half cup of semen in your pussy would confirm that opinion.
Juliette, how can I ever go home or look at her again...my mom...and see her...
as...a sexual woman, with this secret life that she hid from me so long?"


"Jerry gave me the tape when we set up Alicia's contract. I wouldn't have 
remembered her without it. It was...a gift...the whole thing with staying 
at your aunt's was part of her...plan. Your mom, Karen wanted to tell you 
everything herself but couldn't risk it until she was sure you'd 
understand...how she could have been like that...and is...like that. You 
had to experience the freedom and joy of it. Talk to her. She wants you to 
call her."


"Not tonight", I said slipping on my jeans and staggered through the
large oak door. The fucking tornado wasn't about to let me off.


                                ******
I found my way to the Club on the other side of the studio. The
music was typical dance crap but the pounding four beat was about all
my brain cells could handle at this point. I picked up a pina colada,
double rum this time, and looked for Alicia and friends. I found Alicia
sitting alone at a small table with three other chairs. Samantha was
no where to be found.


"Well, how was the big, famous director? I never heard of her before 
yesterday but everybody around here thinks she's some kind of...god or 
something."


"Ever have a day when you feel like you're living in a Greek tragedy."


"What's a Greek tragedy."


"A play, a story like. Did you ever read Oedipus Rex?" I was being a bit
condescending with Alicia. Very passive-aggresive.


"Well, actually this year we're reading Gulliver's Travels. Its kind of
rad. Little munchkins and stuff. Is edi-pus wrecks in Senior year?"


"I don't think so Alicia. Anyway you wouldn't like the ending."


"Why don't you ask me to dance? Kim and Jim are already out there and
I want to dance on the glass floor and have everybody looking at my
pussy. God, this club is so wild. I can't believe there are places like
this."


Out on the acrylic dance floor were about fifteen couples, guys with girls
and some girls with girls. I spied Kathy, the camera girl, dancing with
Rachel, the AD. Kathy was no longer wearing a T-shirt and jeans but had
put on a little leather mini-skirt with boots. She was topless and swinging
her boobs to the beat with all her heart. Rachel looked a bit reserved
wearing a tube top and denim shorts but I guess not all the women working 
there could be expected to be as exhibitionist as Alicia and her co-stars.


There were overhead strobes pulsating with the music and there were under
skirt strobes from the occasional flash picture taken from the pit below.
It was about six or seven feet below the glass floor and rimmed with neon
and fluorescent lighting that shined upwards...for better viewing. 


There was a flurry of flashes as Alicia and I stepped out onto the clear 
platform and started dancing. It was somewhat disorienting at first to look 
down into the pit, like you were going to fall or something but I kept 
looking forward at Alicia and she looked at me and we quickly adjusted. 


We had gone dancing before and I knew she was a good dancer even when she was
wearing panties. But the excitement of having all those unseen eyes peering
up her short skirt at her legs, ass, and vagina really made her loose. 


Frankly, I was getting as good a view of her pussy topside as the folks
below as she spun and squatted and just plain lifted her skirt up off her
ass every other step. She might as well have taken the damn thing off but
it was her trip. 


As we circulated we bumped into Kim and Jim who were into their own little
dance routine. Kim was as free as Alicia and was flashing her pussy at me
in a universal sign language that needed no words. She was looking for the
polite moment to start the evening rolling. As usual, Alicia came to her
rescue asking Jim to dance with her next.


Without being able to read her Amslan I was afraid I'd be at a disadvantage
since she could still read my lips. The next tune was a ballad and it was
time for some slow dancing. She was perspiring a bit from the wild dancing
as I put my arm around her and drew her ample chest against me. I was 
dying to ask her how she felt in her short skirt, with the people below
watching her but I wasn't sure I'd get an answer. I decided to see what
she would say.


"Kim. You're really beautiful and hot. You must enjoy all the attention from
the guys and the other girls. I have such an erection right now just looking 
at you standing there. I can't imagine what the people in the pit must feel. 
Just...tell me how...as a woman...it feels to be so...vulnerable and exposed."


She smiled up at me and licked the bit of perspiration from her upper lip.
Then she began working her face down my chest, wiping me with her body at
the same time lowering herself into a squat that opened her vagina to full 
view below us. 


She lingered at my bulging crotch and smelled my well used penis inside my 
jeans. Then she let her legs slide out in front of her and around me so that 
her skirt was flared out around her and her vagina was kissing the clear 
floor below up. 


She spent several tantalizing moments rocking and grinding her pussy against 
the floor then began her slow climb back up my torso finally ending her 
exploration in a tongue wrenching French kiss that left me breathless. She 
had made her state-of-mind quite clear, I thought.


She took my hand and led me to one of the side areas with cushions and
dim lighting. There were other couples copulating in every known position
and some I hadn't tried yet. The sounds of lovemaking were regrettably
drowned out by the incessant music except for an occasional soprano
shriek of "Ohhhh God. I'm COMINGGGG". 


We found a free area and Kim undressed to her garters and stockings as I 
peeled off the jeans. We fell together with no conversation needed. I spent 
several minutes exploring her voluptuous breasts and then got between her 
legs and licked her to orgasm. She came with all the power of any woman but 
her voice was more gasping and breathy rather than a musical tone. She had 
learned to come without revealing her lack of speech but it felt like she 
was holding back with me as a result.


"Kim. When you come with me. Don't think about me or how you sound. It's not
for me, its for you. Let go."


Her eyes narrowed and she pressed my hand which was laying on her still
heaving breasts. I began to lick her again, slowly at first, then building 
to her climax with two of my fingers in her vagina. At last she arched up
again but this time emitted the sound that was in her heart. It was a dull
"woooo" repeated rhythmically with her spasms that lasted about ten seconds.
It had been some time since she'd allowed herself to expose her voice to
another man other than Jim. It was almost more intimate to her than her
genitals which she proudly displayed on camera and in her private life. Then
it was time for her to give back the pleasure.


She sucked me like a pro, which she was, without getting me over the top and 
without complaining about the strawberry lube taste from Juliette's pussy. 
Then she straddled my hips and impaled herself on my penis, wetting it in 
her soft, flooded inner folds. 


I was guiding her thrusts when she lifted up and reached behind her grasping 
my penis in her slim fingers. I felt her guiding me to a spot where I'd 
never been, much higher than her vaginal opening. She was easing me into 
her ass. The lubrication from her vagina had eased the way and like a sausage 
going into a glove I ended up with my penis deep inside her warm rectum. 


It was harder and less slippery than her pussy and the thinner walls 
stimulated me in a totally different way. Her pleasure was as much in seeing 
my expression as in the rather strange, urgent sensation of having a warm 
object up her bowels.


I thought it would take longer to come than it did but the muscular gripping
was very exciting and after only a few rapid strokes I withdrew and shot
a thin strand of semen up over her back.


She had just rolled over off me when who should appear from the murky
darkness but Trey and Samantha, arm in arm, with Samantha's head 
against his chest. She had a dreamy expression of utter satisfaction.
Somewhere during the evening she had lost her dress, bra, and panties and
was strolling about in her garters and stockings. How enchanting.


"Hey man, care for a drink", Trey said handing me a styrofoam cup. He was
wearing only his black boxers and looking pretty smug. I was pretty dry
and needed a good slug of pineapple juice. I had taken two really good
gulps before the taste hit me and I spit the remainder into the cup.


"What the fuck is this?", I blurted in disgust wiping my mouth.


"Piss man. Fucking piss fresh from Mrs. Robinson to you. She said you'd
like it, man. Now you all grossed out. I thought you was a baaad mother 
fucker, Chris."


"Not yet, Trey, not yet", I said but the music was too loud for him to 
hear me.


I told Kim I wanted to wash up and that she should try to find Jim and
Alicia, then I'd join them. She put her dress back on and gave me a nice
kiss before dashing off toward the dance pit. 


I found my way to a bathroom and was washing off my nude body with some wet 
towels. The bathrooms in the Club were a lot nicer than the one Alicia had 
used next to the makeup room. Then I noticed that there were no urinals 
anywhere. Two young girls came out of their stalls at about the same time 
and just giggled as they walked past me. Oh well, any port in a storm. 


I made my way back over to the dance pit and walked down the steps to see 
what all the fun was about. Jim and Alicia were lying there in a nice lip 
lock which I interrupted.


"Are you two coming or going, no pun intended?", I quipped.


"Jim and I just had a wonderful time together. We really must go visit them
in Arrowhead, Chris. He's got this wonderful chest full of hair that felt so
go when I was rubbing my pussy on it..."


"I get the picture, Alicia. Maybe if I didn't shave for swimming you could
fuck my chest hair?", I said, teasing her.


Kim came down from up on the dance floor and grabbed Alicia's wrist. They
made their way up top to dance while I tried to learn something about the
world we now were in.


"Kim is like an electric dynamo when she gets going. And she's just so
gorgeous. Its just...well, sort of unusual with her hearing and everything
that she would be doing videos. How does she get around that?"


"At first she just did doubling, you know, body double work for girls who
couldn't do anal. And also group stuff, the big orgy shots at the end where
everyone fucks everyone and all the sound is dubbed over crappy music. Then
she got her tits and ass done and they tried to work her into starring shots.
They're starting to use her with her signing, kind of the Marlie Mason of 
porn. The producers are very supportive and...some guys almost find it...
sexy."


"It is kind of sexy. I mean she has to say with her eyes and hands and body
what the other girls can do with lines. Looks like she and Alicia are 
practicing up there."


Above us the acrylic plank dance floor hung like a transparent ceiling. There
were about ten couples still at it. Most of the women wore dresses or skirts
and put on a very stylish show. There were panties and thigh tops with an
occasional pantyhose conservative drifting overhead. Most of what you could
see was the weird shuffling of shoe bottoms, gum and all, the swirl of
a skirt here and the flash of a pantied crotch there. It was all pretty
faceless from this angle. 


Then there was the Alicia and Kim class. Their dresses were so outrageously 
short and flowing that it was silly for them to be wearing them at all, 
mostly just the idea of a skirt. Kim wore stockings and garters but Alicia 
had lost her suspender hose in her encounter with Jim and was bare underneath,
shaved pussy and all. 


They were both very good dancers even in the spindly high heels they wore 
but it was really misleading to call what they did dancing. They were making 
love in the vertical position. It was like a challenge game to see who could 
excite and one-up the other.


They would come together just long enough to touch lips and breasts then
move apart, swaying their bodies suggestively as their feminine
instincts inspired them to do. It was hot from any angle but from below, 
looking up at the bottomless bumps and grinds, it was cardiac arrest time.


Alicia drew on some of her athletic background and did a few splits right
onto the glass floor leaving delicious smears from her overflowing vagina as
it pressed up against the cool surface. They kept it up for about two long
dance numbers before I saw them skip off to the outer corners to work off
their pent up lust in a more traditional way.


"How did you guys end up here?", I asked Jim as the girls disappeared.


"I apprenticed in Hollywood right out of junior college and got my 
jouneyman's card so I could work film. Until Kim went full time about
two years ago I just moonlighted with the porn video stuff. 


I met Kim through a film I worked on about the hearing impaired. You would 
not have believed her when we first met. She was super shy and introverted 
especially with guys...because of her speaking and hearing. She dressed real 
conservative...I never saw her in a dress unless she was going to temple, 
always pants or shorts. 


We dated for about a year before she came around to telling me her
interest in...other girls. That's when I took her to one of the porn jobs
I worked. She just stood in the back and watched everything but it began to
open her eyes and her mind. She was so horny after watching that we'd go
back and fuck for hours and I could see the energy that was pent up inside
her. We were married about then and she kept coming to the porn jobs to get
pointers. 


About then we also met another couple with a really liberated wife 
and...started some swinging. Just light stuff at first, you know, flirting 
on dates, and walking arm in arm with the other guys wife, stuff like that. 


Then we finally broke the ice and Kim had her first experience with another 
man and a woman in the same night. It was like opening the flood gates for 
her and she has never looked back. She got a whole new wardrobe and had her 
hair done like it is now. 


The next real step is when she did an amateur video with me. Just some stuff
of us making love, nothing big, but the camera watching her just turned her
on like you wouldn't believe. She could see how beautiful and sexy she
looked fucking on tape and it masked her...imperfection. She asked me to
try to get her into one of the porn videos. 


Her first job she had to double for two other stars who wouldn't take it up 
the ass on camera. They used body makeup to make her look different for each 
shot but I could tell her ass and pussy in the dark. She did great and they 
used her in some other scenes as well where nobody cared about lines. 


Once she made some money she had her augmentations and started working full 
time. I still just moonlight with the crew but I'm thinking of retiring from 
the legit work and just doing porn. You meet a better class of people."


We'd been looking up skirts for about half-an-hour and it was getting near
time to hit the road back to Aunt Carol's. It was after eleven now and it
would take us an hour to get back over the border this time of night. Samantha
would ride back with us, stay with my aunt for a few days and fly back with
Alicia on Saturday. Two weeks I won't be forgetting soon and neither with
the Aronestis.


Making our way past the writhing and moaning bodies that were still fucking
in the dark recesses of the outer areas, Jim and I came to one where a 
crowd of about eight to ten were standing in various degrees of undress.
None were nude so I figured they were probably from the resort...tourists
so to speak. As I moved inside to look for Alicia I discovered what the
crowd was watching. 


In the subdued light of the cubicle were the three women, Kim, Alicia, and 
Samantha. Kim and Samantha had on their stockings and garters but nothing 
else while Alicia was naked as the day she was born to Samantha. Kim was 
eating Alicia as Alicia was eating Samantha as Samantha was eating Kim. 
A three way daisy chain of contorting, ecstatic, passionate woman playing 
out a hedonist fantasy for an admiring but unaware audience.


Kim's face glistened from Alicia's ejaculations, how many was anyone's guess.
Alicia held her mother's clit in her mouth and was pulling it out with her
lips rather violently. Samantha dove into Kim's pussy with delight, then
had to pull her head back in her final orgasm of the night.


"Yesssss...ahhhhh...Alicia that's it suck my pussy...suck that clit...right
there...right...OHHHHH...OHHHHHHHHHHH...I'm COMINGGGGGG".


The tour party sighed their approval not knowing the rarity of what they
had just witnessed. Real incest. I wondered how they would individually
react if they knew. Shock. Disgust. Lust. I knew what it did for me but
then I was...different after tonight.


As Alicia and Samantha began getting dressed for the ride home, Juliette
came by. I hadn't seen her anywhere in the Club until now. She had on a
red satin teddy with sheer red stockings and garter belt beneath. The teddy had
small sequins sewn into the lacy cups of the bra. We spoke only briefly and
she gave me back the tape she'd gotten from Uncle Jerry. 


"Don't be too hard on her, Chris. She made choices, some good, some not so
good. I'm sure she loves you...you're all she's got now. Try to understand
her...as...a woman."


                                ******
We arrived back at Aunt Carol's around three AM. I used my key to let us in
and tried not to wake my aunt and uncle. I let them use the room Alicia
and I had been using and I went into the smaller back bedroom with all
the candles to sleep.


Sunlight through the window woke me around 9:30 and I wandered into the
large master bath to freshen up a bit before everyone got up. I had a
rancid taste in my mouth and needed a shower. As I was standing over the
john taking a pee, Aunt Carol came bounding in without so much as a knock.
She was wearing a long off-white satin negligee with a plunging neck that
almost reached her navel, trimmed in matching lace. Her breasts were only
moderately inconvenienced by the restraint and the outline of her nipples 
was plainly visible.


"Excuse me, can I get a little privacy here?", I protested.


"Oh for heaven's sake Chris, I don't thing we have many secrets around here
any more, do we, darling? You've seen me peeing and I didn't hear any 
objections?  All of a sudden you're Mr. Modesty. Anyway, Did you see 
the tape?"


I started the water in the separate shower and tested it for temperature.


"I saw it. I saw her fucking her pussy off. I saw her fucking Uncle Jerry,
as a matter of fact. You two ever share anyone else?"


"That was before I knew your Uncle and besides, I knew what he did when I
married him. Karen never cared for him, she fucked him in a movie. She
introduced us that's all. Jerry and I got married for a lot of complex
reasons. He was my ticket to the wild world, and I was his...lost desire.
He never touched Karen off the set, I swear it."


By now, Alicia had awaken. She came in wearing only her white bikini panties
which she proceeded to lower and sit on the toilet, then peed away as if Aunt
Carol and I were invisible.


"Alicia, does the phrase 'Familiarity breeds contempt' mean anything to you?",
I said shaking my head.


"Huh? Who are you talking about?", she asked sleepily.


"My sister, Chris' Mom. Karen.", Aunt Carol responded.


"When I went up to see Juliette last night, we watched and old porn movie.
An old porn movie with Karen Cortland where she fucked a woman in a hospital
bed and then fucked Uncle Jerry on a gurney. My mom did porn flicks before I 
was born and I never fucking knew at thing."


The water cascading over my face and hair seem to quench my anger. 


"Your mom. YOUR MOM did porn movies in the early days. Cool. She was always
pretty without her glasses but I never thought she would...could...", Alicia
said, astonished.


Alicia started the water in the big jacuzzi tub which was filling for
her bath. Aunt Carol took off her negligee and was getting into the
water with her when Samantha came in to see what the party was about. Her
hair was totally mussed and she had on a black bra and spandex panties.


She walked nonchalantly over to the toilet, dropped her pants, and sat
down for her own nice pee, not even bothering to flush from Alicia's
use. Her legs fell open enough for me to see the yellow fluid drain
from her body into the bowl. I thought his must be what it's like to have 
sisters.


"So, Chris. Did seeing the movie..like...turn you on for her? It must have
turned you on, didn't it? I bet she's really a turn on in bed."


"Alicia, its my own mother, my MOM we're talking about. I can't...ever...
it's not..."


"What? Right?", Samantha said standing and removing her bra to get into the
hot shower with me. "What about Alicia and me? Is it all right for us and
not for you. And what about your aunt. She's your blood aunt, darling, and you
fucked her dozens of times by now. You've already committed the big I, 
my dear, its only a matter of how far you take it from here."


She had reached up and was stroking my wet penis as she stood next to me
in the shower giving me my first erection of the day. Alicia was sucking
Aunt Carol's tits as they were making their plans for later.


"First, us girls are going to my spa for a complete body treatment. Skin,
nail, hair, the works, my treat. Then, we'll have lunch in the village. 
I know a darling place with the best pasta salads. Then, we'll head over to
the mall and shop till we drop. How's that sound ladies?", Aunt Carol
beamed.


"Where does that leave me?", I asked feeling a bit abandoned. 


Samantha took my own hand and wrapped it around my erection, smiling. Taking 
my hint, I got out of the shower and let her wash her hair in peace.


"Call her. Soon. She wants to know, Chris. She's probably dieing from not
getting your call last night. Please? Call your mother and talk. Alone
if you prefer.", Aunt Carol pleaded.


"Can I stop by the mall later?", I asked.


"Of course, I can't imagine enjoying it without you to...observe.", said
Aunt Carol as I slipped out the door to dress.


I dressed and went down to get breakfast. There was one other person I
needed to talk with.


"So, Uncle Jerry. You looked better with your hair."


"Yeah, well, that was about forty pounds ago too, I guess."


"You FUCKED my mom."


"Chris, I fucked over a thousand women on camera. It was nothing, believe me."


"How about off camera? Aunt Carol says you never fucked her off screen."


"Of course not. I never did stuff like that. It wouldn't have been...proper."


"Wait. You fucked over a thousand women with husbands and boyfriends,
fathers and mothers, brothers and sisters, you know, real lives, and you 
were worried about being 'proper'. What exactly does 'proper' mean?", I asked,
exasperated.


"You can't mix the private with business. Could you, could any normal
guy could hold his erection inside a woman for minutes while waiting for
a camera reset, then go back to fucking her until you get a ten second
notice to come, then come on cue watched by half a dozen other people if 
he was worried the woman would 'like' him afterwards? It was masturbation
with props. It's one of the reasons I had to get out. Psychological impotence
I guess they called it. Until I met your Aunt I didn't think I'd ever get
back my manhood. With her the excitement was real again."


I related the events at the factory to him and he smiled. He was especially
proud of my game with Samantha.


"You have the same gift as Carol. Its the reason I still love her more than 
I can express. Its her imagination. She can see the sexual essence of a
situation and milk it for all its worth. You've got it too. You and Alicia
should share a lot of pleasure together."


He paused, then added,


"I'm heading out. Don't wait too long to call your mom. This has all been
her idea. I wouldn't have involved you but she got Carol's wheels rolling
and the rest...I hope we didn't make a mistake."

















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com
site mirrors at:
http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/mirrors.htm

Be There.....








