Copyright © 1998,   (Christopher Allan Peters).  ALL Rights Reserved
The following story is being published anonymously for the author 
(Christopher Allan Peters) by Mr Double (mrdouble@mrdouble.com).  

----
To: mrdouble@ix.netcom.com (mrdouble)
Subject: Aunt Carol 2
----


Part 2 of 4

                                ******
Alicia was still wiping herself off with the beach towel as we pulled into
the driveway. Her cheeks were streaked with mascara from the tears that
had flowed at the peak of her wet eruption. Aunt Carol was busy wiping off
the carpet and console of her expensive Mercedes which had received the
bulk of Alicia's torrent. Alicia didn't even both to put on her dress as
we got out of the car in the driveway but just walked, a bit unsteadily,
up to the portico ahead of Aunt Carol and me. 


The house had been completely cleaned in our absence by Mrs. Grubmeyer's 
lady friends. I went up to myroom to wash up and relax. Alicia had already 
gone before me and was face down on the bed, sound asleep. I put the 
comforter over her nude form and laid down next to her for a quick nap. 


The next thing I remember Aunt Carol was tapping on the door and telling us 
to get up come downstairs so we could decide where to go out for dinner 
tonight. And we needed to talk with Uncle Jerry. He had some incredible news 
for us. It was just past six.


Alicia came down in just her silk kimono looking refreshed and ready
to enjoy a night out. She sat next to me on the large sofa and I put my arm
around her neck as Uncle Jerry, just back from LA, began his news.


"I've been talking with Carol about this since you came down, Alicia, and
I think I've finally set it up. We weren't sure you would...respond...to
...being watched and even photographed having sex. Carol says you really
got off today at the beach?"


"I had totally never even thought of doing something...you know...fucking,
with people...like...taking pictures of me and stuff. It was outrageous. They were
so hot and wanted me but I was like behind this glass and I could do absolutely
anything I wanted and they could just watch me. It felt so...powerful...
they were people I'd never see again and I wanted them to see me just come... 
God, I'm getting wet again." 


Sure enough as she got up she had a growing wet blotch on the back of her 
kimono.


"I think she can handle it Jerry, don't you?", Aunt Carol said smiling at
Alicia's unintentional demonstration of her arousal.


"Well, here's what happened. I met with an old friend who told me about a
porn shoot they are doing across the border tomorrow. The girl they had scheduled
to star in the scene got her period early this month and now they need to 
find someone to fill in fast. I told him about Alicia and showed him your 
school picture. He said you looked perfect but he was reluctant to use a 
virgin. That's a trade term for a girl who hasn't made a commercial video yet. 


I told him that Carol had been with her and would vouch for her gladly. It's 
a big risk because even though it's just video it's still expensive to shoot 
and they can't have the talent, that's you Alicia, get scared and bail on 
them." 


Alicia took a moment to think about what she would be agreeing to.


"Would I be famous and... would my mom and dad and friends see me too?"


"These videos sell to a special clientele but you have to expect they'll 
find out so you need to tell them something to prepare. It's really up
to you how you handle it. Each girl is different."


"I haven't been with a lot...of guys...I mean...Chris...I don't know if I'd
like it with someone...just a complete stranger." 


She was looking at my face not sure how I would react to seeing her fucking 
other men and women when I couldn't be with her.


"I love you Alicia. I love coming together, feeling you under me,
tasting you and...But when I watch you, like with Aunt Carol today, it's like
I'm inside you. Feeling what you feel and wanting it to feel as good as 
possible for you. The more you get off on it the more I feel and...want
you."


"You're so awesome!", Alicia said bringing her mouth to my face and kissing 
me while her hand brushed over my bulging shorts. "This is just too wild...
God, I just have to get off, and everyone will be watching me."


"Its an incredible chance. Some girls fight like crazy just to get a walk
on and you're going to be in two major scenes first time. Its not all fun
though. There's a director and usually two or three cameras and sometimes
you have to stop in mid scene to move the cameras. It'll be a closed set but
I think they'll let you on Chris as her boyfriend."


"They better let Chris be there or I'm not doing it", Alicia pouted. 


"Also, I called Alicia's mom, Samantha, when Jerry told me. She's going to
be flying down as well for moral support. You can call her tonight. She
sounded really excited that her little girl was going to be famous. She'll
tell your dad when he gets back from Europe. No sense causing a big stir 
right away. She hoped Chris wouldn't get crazy or jealous, either. 
It's really a business and good actresses can do really well. I think she 
was just a little envious, too." 


Aunt Carol had worked another miracle.


Uncle Jerry and I looked over the model release forms and contract. Because
it was outside the country she wouldn't need a union card to work and the
local folks had "greased" the way on the work permit. As Alicia signed the
forms Aunt Carol got her mom on the cell phone and handed it over to Alicia.
From the conversation it appeared the three of us would all be staying in
the same hotel room due to a room shortage. After an exchange of excited 
"I can't believe it, I can't believe it" she gave her mom a big kiss of 
thanks over the phone and hung up.


"Well, now that its settled why don't we go get some dinner at a really nice
place and celebrate the new star", Aunt Carol said. 


With that she and Alicia trundled upstairs holding hands and chattering 
excitedly about her video debut. Uncle Jerry and I washed and dressed 
quickly and waited for our "dates" to join us. Aunt Carol was first and had 
put on a very elegant black brocade evening dress that plunged down the 
front and revealed the full extent of her voluptuous cleavage. Her skirt 
hugged her ass like a thin black skin and was slit well up her thighs 
showing just the hint of her black stocking welts when she let the hem fall 
open.


"And now, I give you the next superstar of porn, the fabulous...Alicia
Aronesti."


Alicia stepped into view like a phantasm of erotic perfection. Her soft blond
hair was piled high on her head in an elegant sculpture. Her makeup made her
appear much older than her 19 years. She had on dark eyeliner and daring
faux lashes that framed her sparkling gray-blue eyes. Her blush and
eye shadow reflected the erotic passion that I'm sure Aunt Carol had felt
as she lovingly applied them to her budding protege. Her mouth was carefully
done with lip liner and a pale but bawdy reddish-pink that captured her
inner mixture of innocent girl and worldly woman. 


She wore a black dress with a velvet bodice and built in bra that pushed 
up her young breasts into a deep cleavage that threatened to spill out at 
her next breath. The skirt was light and tightly pleated swishing 
seductively against her mid thighs as she descended the stairs. Its was 
dangerously short and sheer considering  she was wearing only black seamed 
stockings and a black garter belt underneath. 


She stepped from the last stair in her stiletto pumps with rhinestone 
adornments and very proudly lifted her pleated skirt to her breasts to 
display the red bow on her black garter belt which contrasted so starkly with the smooth
white of her bare buttocks, thighs, and her newly shaved pussy. She made a 
complete turn holding her skirt and modeling her charms for her three 
transfixed onlookers. I completed the work of art by tieing a velvet 
ribboned cameo necklace about her throat and kissed her bare shoulders in an 
act of complete submission to her sexual power. 


Dinner, conversation, all the rest were a blur as I could
only keep my eyes on my beloved Alicia, the little high school senior that
I had invited only a week before and who was now about to break a thousand
hearts as the next porn star of the decade. Fucking her tonight would have
been a sacrilege and we slept in separate rooms to make sure we were both
rested for her erotic premier tomorrow.


Uncle Jerry went over the directions with me over breakfast. Alicia would
have to be there for makeup and rehearsal about 3:00. Her scene would start
around 4:30 or 5:00 depending on whether the previous scenes were completed.
Meanwhile,  Aunt Carol was getting Alicia ready and explaining some of the
things she should expect so she wouldn't be totally freaked out. One was
that she would get a pelvic exam by a doctor before she would be allowed to
do any scenes. This was to protect the other actors from any diseases and 
also was reassuring to know that everyone goes through it each shoot. 
The second was a even more delicate and she tried to break it to her gently.


"They also may want you to do a scene that involves...anal sex. You
have to be really clean...you know...back there and wash yourself out before
and especially after. Have you ever had...an enema?"


"Just from those bottled things I think. Once, when I was little and
constipated. Mom gave it too me but I don't think it was so bad."


"Well this is just like that only a little more...thorough", Aunt Carol said
as she folded the red rubber bag with the white hose and plastic nozzle and
placed it under her panties in the suitcase. "I know you seemed to enjoy
the candle...the other night when we were...playing. Real anal intercourse
might...hurt a bit...if you're not stretched...you know...used to it."


"I've played with my ass, you know with fingers and such when I played with
myself but Chris has never...done it. How long does it take to get used to
it?"


"Let me see if I can find something that might just make it easier."


Aunt Carol packed Alicia's suitcase which included her school uniform and undies.
They would be her costume for the first scene. Alicia had really gotten dressed
up in a white wrap dress with a blue collar and trim. It wrapped around her
and tied at the waist making it easy to undress. Underneath she
put on a pair of suntan suspender hose that fit her legs all the way up like
pantyhose but just snapped across the waist with no panty part. This
left her shaved pussy and inner thighs bare and, given the way the wrap 
skirt fell open when she sat, was incredibly erotic. 


I put on a white fitted shirt and hugged my swimmer's torso snugly and black 
casual pants with no briefs underneath. I took along a single change of 
clothes since we'd be back in two day's at the latest. We were just about to 
go downstairs to leave when Aunt Carol came out of the master bathroom with 
one of her "toys".


"I knew I still had one of these." 


In her hand she had a flesh colored piece of spongy plastic that looked like 
a small disproportioned penis. The middle was wide and quickly tapered to a 
blunt end like the tip of a finger. She told Alicia to undo her dress and 
hold it to one side. Alicia bent forward and spread her luscious cheeks 
exposing her puckered pink anus. After daubing her with clear lubricant, 
Aunt Carol eased the plastic plug into Alicia's rectum.


"Ooooooo, it feels cold and slippery.", Alicia said taking a quick breath
first.


"It'll warm up and you won't notice it after a bit. Once it plops inside
your body will keep it in you. Just take it out if you need to...go. I
would like it back!"  


Alicia laughed as my aunt wiped her cheeks scrupulously clean of the excess 
lube. Then she tied her dress around her and we headed downstairs.


I had rented a car for the trip knowing that vehicles tended to get "misplaced"
once they cross the border. We packed the trunk and  Aunt Carol gave Alicia 
a last good luck hug and kiss in the driveway. Then she came around to me 
and in a tender voice said, 


"This is going to be hard for you, darling, even if you don't really think 
so now. Just remember she wants to go home with you when the filming is over." 


She gave me a very wet French kiss and squeezed my penis through my pants. 
Uncle Jerry was less affectionate and just shook my hand. I noticed Alicia 
was acting reluctant about getting in the car and it worried me.


"Hey, Alicia. Are you...getting...nervous about this. I mean you can still..."


"God Chris! I'm not nervous, I'm just so horny thinking about doing it...and
with this thing up my ass...it's making me real...wet. If I sit on my 
white skirt all the way down its going to have one big wet spot on my butt."


"Well, either go in and put on panties or...just sit right on the seat. Lift
up your skirt and sit on the leather upholstery. I'm sure the next guy who 
rents the car will be eternally grateful for your unique auto air
freshener."  


She tried hiking up the back of the wrap dress but it pulled the front open 
exposing her stockinged thighs right up to her shaved crotch.


"This'll do for now. Just try to avoid taking too long to pass truckers, ok? 
These windows aren't like the your aunt's car." 


She sat back and started reading one of her school books.


                                ******
I took about an hour to get across the border. We had to wait at the 
checkpoint and naturally ended up right next to a big rig. The driver could
look down right at Alicia's crotch while she read and ignored
his appreciative comments. I finally found the road we needed to get to 
and followed it for about two miles to a large brick building.


"Is this the movie studio or an old Chevy plant?", I muttered as we rolled
up to a guard station by the gate. 


An old man came out and asked if we were in the right place. Then he looked 
over across me at Alicia who had inadvertently twisted in her seat and had 
her legs apart. Her vagina was gaping and moist and the old man almost 
started drooling on my hand resting on the window.


"Geez, I guess you folks are in the right place. You can park over by the 
main entrance. Nice seeing you, honey"


Alicia was laughing all the way into the parking lot. She got out and
smoothed her skirt covering herself for the first time since we left the
house. The leather seat was wet from her as expected but we were late and 
didn't have time to wipe it off. 


I carried her suitcase and cosmetics case as we went into the lobby. We 
passed two gorgeous girls sitting in the "waiting" room who got up and left 
when their ride arrived outside. Then I went up to the receptionist.


"Hi. This is Alici..."


"Hi you two. Come on in. I'm Rachel, the A.D. that will be working on
Alicia's scenes. That's assistant director if you didn't know." 


We were greeted by a woman about twenty-five or so wearing a sweater and
jeans and carrying a clipboard. She was pretty in a cute way but not in a
league with Alicia...or even Aunt Carol for that matter. She gave Alicia
a pleasant hug.


"Juliette is just so happy that we were able to get you on such short notice.
Juliette is our director and you'll love her. She's a pro and real
easy to work with, a woman's director if you know what I mean. 
You'll meet her in a bit but we need to get you ready and into makeup. 
Come on and follow me." 


I didn't really know what she meant but she was all business in a "perky" 
way. I gave her the package of contracts and the model release forms which 
she looked over as she took us through the "factory".


"There is one main studio where we do the shooting which has all the sets
in it already. We just move from set to set. This used to be a bra factory
but they all moved to China so they bought it real cheap and put in the
lights and sound stuff. We do so many videos here it takes a traffic cop
to organize things." 


She was only partly joking. We ended up in what looked like an office with a 
wooden table, a desk, some chairs, and a platter of bagels and cookies with 
soft drinks. If this was glamorous I'd hate to see cheap.


"Help yourself to the food. It's only 3:00 and we are running a little late
so relax. God, I love your dress Alicia. Most of the girls here show up in
sweats or jeans. It's nice to have someone with some class around here.
I need to let Dr. Ortiz know you're here so he can come in and check you.
It's a drag but you know...you can't be too careful. I'll be right back."


Alicia was looking cool and collected while I felt like there were butterflies
in my stomach. This was too real, and too weird. 


She very demurely undid her dress, removed the plug from her ass, and placed 
it in her bag before the doctor came in. There was two short knocks and then 
Dr. Ortiz stepped in.


He was a dark Hispanic about thirty-five or forty with a dark mustache 
wearing a white lab coat that hung open. He said hello to Alicia and 
basically ignored me as he explained what he would be doing. 


"It's all very easy my dear, just like at your gynecologist. I just need to 
take a look and make sure you're not going to spread anything to the other 
actors. So, lets just have you get undressed and sit up on the table like 
so and...open your legs. You can take off your pantyhose and underwear but 
leave on your dress if you like since we don't usually bother with gowns
and such. I keep asking for a decent exam table but will they get one? No.
They make millions and I'm lucky to get a new box of latex gloves every
month." 


Alicia simply unwrapped her dress and laid it aside on the table. She didn't 
have on a bra and there was no point in taking off the suspender hose for a 
pelvic exam. Dr. Ortiz tried not to show his interest but his eyes were all 
over Alicia's lovely form and he was impressed by her lack of modesty. She, 
of course, was loving the whole exhibitionist fantasy trip of it. He put on 
a latex glove and applied a dab of K-Y. As she opened her legs he noticed 
that she was already incredibly wet and removed most of the K-Y.


"Mmmm. I see we have a real eager beaver here, don't we young lady", he 
quipped. "No pun intended. Nobody here gets my jokes but...no matter." 


His right hand fingers began to enter her and she inhaled sharply.
Not having ever been to an exam like this I had no idea how long it should
take to check things out. As the moments passed I sensed we were into overtime.
I also noticed that Ortiz had his other hand across his front and was stroking
his penis through his pants as he probed Alicia. She was starting to sound
very aroused. I could see he had his thumb sliding over her clitoris as he 
was probing.


"You have a very well developed urethral sponge, did you know that? Have
you ever experienced an ejaculation during orgasm perhaps? Yes, very large
and firm. Did you feel that pressure." 


His fingers were stroking his cock in unison with his thumb on her clit and 
as I watched she arched up lifting her buttocks off the table and started 
coming.


"Ohhhh, yeahhhhhh. That feels so gooood...God, I'm....I'm COMINGGGGG". 


As Alicia fell back for the moment and Ortiz turned toward me I noticed 
the swelling wet spot on his dark pants in front.


"Are you really a doctor?", I said skeptically. 


Before he could answer or Alicia could get her legs together there were two 
short knocks on the door and then Rachel burst in followed by the director, 
Juliette.


"Alicia. This is our director Miss Anderson but all the girls call her
Juliette. Juliette, this darling girl is Alicia and she's going to be doing
Scene 49a tonight and 50 tomorrow for us."


"Hi, Alicia. Don't get up on my account.", Juliette said smiling warmly,
while looking right between Alicia's parted thighs. 


She went over and gave her a peck on the cheek then helped her up off the 
table while Rachel gave her a terry robe to put on.


"She's ok to work. No active sores, no apparent clymidia, just a normal
and very healthy girl", said Ortiz as he pulled the latex glove off his
exam hand. 


Rather than dispose of it he put it inconspicuously in his lab
coat pocket. A well scented souvenir no doubt for some late night jerking
off. What a creep. 


"Oh, and she's got a great Graffenberg. She might be a squirt star with 
practice."


As Ortiz closed the door behind him Juliette spoke to Alicia. 


"I see you met the resident quack. He really is a doctor just to ease your 
mind but he just works for us. Not that the pay is real good but he knows 
what we like and gets what he likes. Doesn't he?".


"God, yes", Alicia said looking at the older blond woman standing across
from her, "I've always fantasized about coming like that when the doctor
was examining me. When he started on my clit I knew he wasn't a regular
doctor but no way was I going to stop him. It was fantastic."


"Well, it kind helps get the girls in the mood for the scene. The guys
are always ready. The biggest problem with them is keeping them from coming
before we've got the scene, the assholes."


"Juliette, this is Chris, Alicia's boyfriend", Rachel turned her to me.


"Hello Chris", she said extending her long nailed fingers for me to grasp.
"You look like you're more scared than Alicia, darling."


No. This wasn't happening. I was in the middle of a fucking bra factory in 
Mexico with my 19 year old girlfriend about to be in her...our, first porn
video and the director just happens to be Juliette Anderson. JULIETTE
FUCKING ANDERSON. AUNT PEG. 


I'd been breaking into my dad's stash of porn tapes since I was 11 and he 
had every one of the Aunt Peg series and bunches of her Swedish Erotica 
loops. He was a Juliette Anderson freak and he turned me into one from 
watching her perform while I jerked off trying to keep up with her orgasms. 


She had such a beautiful mouth, so red and full, and her short, almost 
boyish blond hair was in real contrast to the other big hair babes she 
starred with. She was lesbian chic before there was lesbian chic.


"Yes, darling. I am Aunt Peg. You weren't hallucinating. I'm behind a video
camera now but still in the business."


"Miss Anderson, I mean Juliette, I have jerked off to so many of your
films I...I feel like...like".


"Yes, Chris. I can see what you feel like from that rather impressive bulge 
in you pants". 


Her eyes drifted skillfully to my tenting crotch. Her smile was definitely...
flirtatious. 


Although she was mid 60's in age it would be hard to say she looked over 50. 
I guess a life of orgiastic sex on screen with virtually every major male 
and female porn star of the '70s and early '80s kept a girl young after all. 


Her hair was still done in the stylish, blond boycut and her face, although 
fuller and more furrowed, had all the sparkle and allure of the passionate 
woman inside. Her trademark breasts were favorites of mine with her large 
aereoles and nipples that said her lines for her when she was genuinely 
turned on. The were also a bit bigger and lower but she could obviously 
afford the constant vigilance of a high priced cosmetic surgeon and she took 
good advantage of it. 


She was wearing a black nylon teddy as her top, and a gray and black checked 
wool skirt which came to her mid thigh. Her legs were still in great shape, 
under the dark patterned stockings that she had on. She also wore high heeled
sandals with an ankle strap that I would have paid dearly to just bend and
kiss.


After disarming me totally she turned back to the business at hand.


"Have you ever acted before, Alicia. Good, I hate fucking actors. What I
need is horny. You can have all the Actor's Workshop and method shit,
give me a good, screaming orgasm from a really horny lady in heat. That's
what we try for. We can fake the lines and hitting the marks but if you
can't come with that big, ugly lens three inches from your face or your
cunt we don't have a video. It's not about acting, it's about truth. 


The girls that work in porn either love it for life or get out fast and 
marry an insurance salesman and move to La Jolla. Is this a trip you really 
want to take, precious? Be honest.", she said brushing Alicia's hair back in 
a gesture of support.


"I can just come as often as I can. With everyone looking at me?".


Juliette's face softened. She knew Alicia was what she was looking for.


"Just don't hurt yourself or the camera people and it's all your trip, baby
doll. Now, here's scene 49a. You brought your school uniform with you and
those girls white panties I hope? Fabulous. It's better to wear your own 
stuff in a scene than a costume to get into it better. Trust me. Ok, In this 
scene you're the little school girl who snuck into the football players
locker room to watch the guys strip. Except they find you in one of the
lockers and decide to give you a real treat. There's four guys in this
scene, all black and hung like horses. I know, I've worked with them on
ten of these fuckfests. That's why we call them the four horsemen. 


Anyway, I...you have two main shots in this scene which the girl you 
replaced was hired for. One is a good DP shot, that's double penetration if 
you're wondering. The other is the final come bath where the guys jerk off 
all over your face and tits and stuff. Its really hot when you see it. 


Anyway, you can play with each of them as long as you want but don't let them 
come too soon and don't let them fucking come inside you. If they do you 
tell me and we send them back and they don't work with me again, ok? The 
rest as we say is improv and hormones. Tomorrow now - there you're going to 
need know lines but we'll cross that bridge later. For now, we need to get 
you ready. 


Rachel will prep you or you can have Chris help you if you would feel better. 
Just remember, don't look at the cameras, make them look at you. Just imagine 
all those stiff cocks and wet pussies out there in the dark wanting to get 
off with you and living their most intimate fantasies through you. You won't 
disappoint them will you, Alicia?"


"No way. This is just too wild. I can't believe I'm doing this and its real."


"Rachel take Alicia over to makeup. We'll be right over I just wanted to talk
with Chris for a minute."


Alicia started to pick up her suitcase and cosmetics case.


"Put those down dear. You don't carry anything yourself. Things are done
for you. You're the star. It's your pussy up on the screen that sells these
videos. If it weren't for you we'd all be back doing infomercials for fucking
blenders. Chris will bring your things to you when we're done talking." 


She was like some warrior goddess. Why did she want to talk with me, alone?


"Chris. You're new at all this and a gorgeous, healthy male so I wanted to
warn you about the Choke. It's a feeling you're going to get when you see
Alicia on the set, getting fucked like crazy and she'll moan or say something
that you've only heard in bed with her and it will sound...real. She's not 
going to know what she's doing because she'll be lost in it but 
you'll hear it and it will make you go crazy if you don't control it.  


Darling, understand she is always going to go home with you but while she's 
up there its all her trip. If you can't handle the Choke then stay back 
here and don't watch. If you can, you may just enjoy this business and 
survive."


"Thanks Miss Ander...Juliette. God, I loved you in the solo scene you did in 
the motel room with the mirror between your legs. Your pussy was so open and 
wet with those big voluptuous labia all spread out like a pink flower and 
you were stroking yourself with your long red finger nails...I guess it's 
all is just a business."


"No, Chris. It was my trip in my time. It was as real to me as it was to
you watching, believe me."  


She lifted my face up under the chin, smiling.


"We always have a wrap party after the last shot tomorrow. Why don't you 
stop by my office upstairs, I'd really like to...talk about my old movies 
with you?" 


She gave me a kiss directly on the lips. Her perfume was a faint patchouli 
scent.As she was ducking out the door she looked back at me with a very warm
smile. 


"You know, I can really see the resemblance. You look so much like
your...Karen...ummmm...Cortland...yes that was her name Karen Cortland. 
Anyway, bring Alicia's things next door and I'll see you on the set."


Ok, so where's the guy who comes out from behind the wall and says you're
on Candid Camera. I mean this one blows my fucking mind more than anything
I'd experienced since coming to stay with Aunt Carol. How the fuck...how the
fuck in the world does Juliette Anderson, porno star...HOW DOES
SHE KNOW MY MOTHERS MAIDEN NAME?


                                ******
Still reeling, I picked up the two suitcases and found my way to the
makeup room. I spotted Rachel and another younger girl. There were also
four black guys sitting or standing about. One was reading a paper, another
was listening to his stereo on headphones. Two others were playing cards
and joking. The room was clouded from the cigarettes the two guys were 
smoking as they played.


"Say man, you want some pineapple juice.", the tall guy wearing a tank top
and khaki pants said to me. 


I took a glass from him since that seemed to be the only beverage that they 
had in the room with them.


"Is the white dude in this, Rach? I thought this was a interracial trip this
scene?"


"Chris, this is Trey, Marcelus, Tony, and Alphonso. Guys this is Chris. He's
with Alicia."


"You one lucky man there Chris. She is hot to trot and we are the horses she's
gonna be riding." 


Everyone laughed which kind of broke the tension. I hadn't seen Alicia.


"Alicia's in the bathroom getting ready. You can go in if you want and help.
She needs to get...washed out first front and back, then a shower but don't
get her hair wet for god's sake we only have 45 minutes till the taping.",
Rachel explained.


I brought the suitcases into the bathroom with me. It was really just an 
industrial bathroom with a high ceiling and some shower heads coming out of 
the gray cinder block walls. My shoes echoed on the concrete floor and I 
walked in and put the suitcases on a wooden table nearby. The two toilets 
had stalls but no doors on them and there was only some fluorescent tubes 
and a small half open window for light. The sinks were just ceramic tubs 
with a ring all the way around that sprayed water when you stepped on the 
pedals on the floor. It was clean but ugly as hell. 


Alicia had just flushed the toilet as I came in and was nude except for a 
white towel wrapped around her hair. She was as poised as if she were 
getting ready for the prom. 


"Well, I guess we better get ready?", she said in anticipation of her 
cleaning out.


I unpacked the red bag and hose from the suitcase and started to fill it up 
with lukewarm water. Rachel came in and handed me a packet of antiseptic 
that she said I should dissolve in the water. It was there to keep down 
yeast infections in the girls which was a real occupational hazard. I hung 
up the bag and Alicia leaned over one of the ceramic tubs, holding her ass 
cheeks apart. God, I wanted to fuck her right there but the schedule wouldn't 
let me. I daubed her with some liquid lube and made sure I got the nozzle in 
the right hole.


"Tell me when you've had enough, Ok Alicia?".


As I released the clip I could hear the water surge and gurgle as it flooded
into Alicia's tender bowels. She was taking deep breaths and sighing, 
"Ooooooo." between. 


I was amazed as the large red rubber bag finally collapsed and fell 
empty, the entire warm contents having been transferred into Alicia's belly. 
When she stood up her tummy was bulged out and her back was arched almost 
like she was pregnant. She massaged her protruding belly sensuously enjoying 
the odd sensation of pressure and urgency within her abdomen. 


Eventually urgency won out. She barely made it to the nearby toilet before 
I heard the explosive gush of all that water reversing the way it went in. 
She made sure she was quite empty and clean before wiping up and stepping 
into the next stall. This had been a regular toilet but was now a bidet and 
Alicia knew just what to do. 


She was taking a bit too long and I could see she was getting turned out 
from the water spray on her pussy. Rachel knocked on the door with the 30 
minute notice and it brought her back to reality. Finally, she showered and 
meticulously shaved her legs, arms, and pubic area before wrapping herself 
in a towel and returning with me to the makeup room.


As she came in the eyes of the male talent all turned her way. Without 
looking up she reached up and undid her towel flashing everyone with her 
translucent white nude form and smooth shaved pussy lips. No one said 
anything but they knew this was going to be a great scene. As she turned her 
buttocks to Rachel the assistant noticed the well faded cane marks striping 
her otherwise perfect creamy flesh.


"I guess I got a little carried away the other night when I was fucking 
Chris' aunt. No real harm done though".


This revelation even shocked Rachel who had no doubt seen about everything
in the porn business.


"I've got some very light body makeup in my kit and we'll touch you up. I
don't want to cover you because you have such beautiful skin but the marks
wouldn't fit the character, otherwise I'd leave them. Love taps you might
say." 


Rachel prepared some makeup and applied it lightly to Alicia's backside
blending it with her pale skin. Then the younger girl in the room undid the
towel on Alicia's head and brushed out her hair. The quickly pulled it all
back accept for her short bangs and pinned both sides off her ears with
barrettes while the bulk of her hair was clipped with a wide blue bow. She
was beginning to look like the high school girl she really was...or at least
as I remembered her when we first met. 


They used very modest eye makeup but her lipstick was a hot candy pink and 
very glossy. Finally she put on a pair of white lacy bikini panties and a 
bra under her white cotton blouse. She stepped into her plaid school skirt 
and zipped it in back then rolled the waist to make it hit her at the top of 
her thighs. One bend and her panties would be flashing like a white beacon. 


She slid on her knee socks and I helped her with her saddle shoes while 
Rachel decided if they would use her blazer. After some discussion she put 
it on. She looked like the perfect mixture of innocent school girl and 
provocative slut. It was show time. Rachel was alone with just Alicia and 
myself.


"Alicia, you look absolutely devastating and you're going to be terrific.
Just remember what Juliette told you and follow her instructions on the
set. And just keep thinking of all the horny guys and gals who will be
watching you, just you. They all want you and love you more than anything.
The sexiest thing you can do is let it all go, girl, and don't hold back. 
This is your trip."


                                ******
I followed Alicia and Rachel down a hallway and through a double door onto
the "set". It was a large warehouse area about the size of a small
small gymnasium with black walls and no windows. I immediately noticed it
was much warmer and more humid than the makeup room. We walked around a 
plywood wall and out front of the set that Alicia would be appearing on. 


It looked like a typical school locker room with some green metal lockers 
and benches for changing. There was also a weight machine with a bench and 
an oversized wooden table with a plastic and foam exercise mat over the top. 
Several more mats were on the floor and some phony hanging industrial lamps 
completed the effect. 


The male talent was already sitting on the table and benches reading or 
talking to one of the four or five technicians that were adjusting things. 
There were two large video cameras in front, one a shoulder mounted unit and 
the other on a low tripod. A boom mike was beside it almost in contact with 
the floor.


Beside the tripod camera was Juliette, sitting in a low canvas chair with her
legs crossed, pushing up her checked skirt.


"Ok, talent on the set. Lets get the light and sound check and I want Kathy
on the close up camera. She's better looking and her breath doesn't smell 
like what Buster had for lunch." 


She was kidding with the other male cameraman who smiled back as he adjusted 
the tripod video camera. She put on a headset with a small mike and told the 
technician running the audio mixer to get ready. 


Alicia looked like a toy beside the four black studs she was about
to fuck. They were semi-dressed in shoulder pads and ripped T-shirts, some
with long spandex shorts and one with just a jock strap that crisscrossed
his black buttocks and swung outrageously when he walked with his near
erection inside. Kathy, the girl camera operator, was wearing jeans and a
white T-shirt with no bra. Her nipples were hard against the fabric even
as she busily adjusted her camera and headset. There was some sound checks
and Kathy held a light meter up to Alicia's face and frowned a bit.


"You've got a really high albedo, you know.", Kathy commented to Alicia.


"Thanks, you're kind of cute too. Try not to get my pussy juice all over your
big camera, will you.", Alicia responded with a haughty, bitchy tone that
was pure bluster. 


"Chris, would you come over and sit next to me?", Juliette requested as
she motioned me over to the chair next to hers. "Alicia, I want you to
open the middle locker and kind of crouch down inside. Trey, Alfonso, you
guys get over stage left. Tony you're going to open the locker but don't
block the opening. We need to see up Alicia's skirt as she's crouching.
Marcellus, you get by the weight bench until Tony drags her out. And lose
the magazine ok? Places."


I could hear the voices in Juliette's headset as the camera, sound, and video
technicians all clicked into operation with a kind of professional indifference
that pissed me off. These people were just doing jobs like all the millions of
slobs in the world with car payments and orthodontist bills and mortgages. It
just so happened that their job involved video taping my real girlfriend in
her most intimate and personal of acts; acts that would require her to
display her inner most emotions and expressions for others to watch and
experience through her. If I had been on that set crouching in the locker,
knowing that I was about to expose my sexual soul I'd at least have 
expected those watching to be aroused with me like human beings. This was 
cold. Fuck them.


"Roll tape.".
"Speed."
"Slate."
The LED marker slate was held in front of the tripod camera for the click.
Beep, beep, beep, BOOOOP.
"Action."


The black guys started joking with each other until one of them heard 
something and opened the locker. Juliette was watching two monitors on a 
low table just to one side and below her feet. The camera was focussing on 
Alicia crouched in the locker but it was too high and her skirt was blocking 
the shot of her pantied crotch which Juliette wanted.


"Cut. Buster dolly left and get that thing down under her skirt. Alicia can
you just hike up your skirt a bit, sweety. We want to see those lovely white
panties and your skirt's in the way." 


Alicia pulled it to her waist and opened her thighs a bit more. 


"Just push it back down a bit, hon. Don't be in a hurry. Great." 


As the camera moved in closer Juliette remarked in a low voice, "Yeah. 
Look, she's wet the panties clear through in the crotch. Don't lose that. 
Places. Roll tape."


The next take got what Juliette wanted. Alicia was crouched looking very
submissive with a big wet stain on her crotch from her very real arousal.
I could almost sense her heart pounding at the excitement. If this was going
to be a really hot shot Juliette didn't want to interrupt the action if she
could help it. Just let nature take its course and hope for the best. She
was a pro. 


The dialogue was pretty insipid but necessary to justify the scene. Alicia 
was contrite having been caught in an initiation dare. Her sorority had told 
her she had to spy on the football players, blah, blah, blah. Alicia started 
turning it around saying she didn't want to get expelled and she'd do 
anything for these guys if they kept this a secret.


Anything consisted first of a rather impromptu tease with Alicia standing
on one of the benches and hiking her plaid school skirt with a little pouty 
girl look while she flashed her very damp panties. She peeled them down in 
back and showed them her ass but didn't want to take them off too fast. She
always enjoyed fucking in the back seat with just her legs up and her panty
crotch to one side. I imagined she was setting up for something like it.


When she teased them with her shaved pussy the guys started getting serious
and started feeling her legs and tits through her clothes. Acting time was
over, now it was fucking time. The guy in the jock strap was first to 
bring out his penis. It was dark and circumcised with a much lighter tip.
It was also a big wider around than my penis. Alicia began to stroke it
at the base, teasing the wet tip with her tongue. She was getting him
really hard without taxing his restraint too soon by stroking his shaft. 
She had learned well from Aunt Carol. 


The contrast between her fair blond feminine figure and the muscular, 
glistening, black male she was masturbating aroused deep, and even dangerous 
emotions of racial animosity in me that I expected, but not so strong. 
I was forced to sit with my penis pressing into my crotch in pain while this 
black stud pleasured himself with my woman.


She could barely get four inches of his organ into her mouth without gagging
but like a real trooper she kept sucking him while stroking his sagging balls. 
She repeated the act with two of the others now all nude except for Alicia 
who still was in her full school outfit. 


She took off the blazer and blouse and then teased the boys by dropping her 
bra cups but leaving the bra still hooked around her chest. Her white melons 
were quickly attacked by the ravenous dudes bringing her nipples to their 
full glory. Her voice had been artificial until now but I heard her sigh in 
pleasure as her nipples were being sucked and I knew she was fully turned 
on and losing control.


She lay back on the bench as one of the men lifted her legs pushing up the
plaid skirt. Then, as I predicted, she took his penis in her hand as he moved
between her open thighs and pulled her nearly transparent panty crotch to
one side. On the monitor closeup I could see her open pink lips, gaping in
complete arousal and glistening in the bright lighting like syrup. Taking
a short detour the guy bent down to her crotch and began licking her pussy
and sucking the nectar that had pooled there.


I had made love to Alicia every which way and had even watched as she and
my Aunt went down on each other at the beach but I had never seen her with
another man until now. Watching her enter into intercourse I could see her
arousal overtake her. As his tongue worked up and down her lips and teased
her clit her breathing quickened and her moaning and murmuring sounded 
intimate and familiar, unlike anything she could fake by acting. 


Finally, he straightened up and let her guide his fully erect black penis 
into her overflowing vagina to feel the wet inner folds, a part of her body
only a few fumbling teen boys and myself had enjoyed before now. He glided 
up into her and pressed against her bare breasts then brought his mouth to 
her and they embraced, exchanging soulful kisses as their tongues danced in 
pleasure together. 


The thrusting was uninterrupted for about three minutes. Then Juliette 
called "Cut" to get set up on the next shot. Alicia was left panting and 
flushed as the scene moved to the mat on the floor. She undressed to 
just her knee socks and saddle shoes and eventually the scene continued with 
each of the black studs getting to experience the warm recesses of Alicia's 
womanhood. She had been close to coming about five or six times but always 
got interrupted for a change of partner. Finally, it was time for the big 
shot.


Alicia sat astride one of the men and impaled herself on his shaft, riding
him until he was really good and hard and could sustain the awkward position
needed for the shot without losing his erection. Then, Rachel stepped forward
and inserted a fingerful of clear lube up Alicia's well exposed anus and
wiped the excess. There was no pause in the action, the scene was just too
hot and everyone was into it, especially Alicia. 


The second guy, Trey, still erect from fucking Alicia's vagina now moved 
behind her, bent into place, and began entering Alicia's virgin asshole. 
Despite the stretching from the butt plug I could see Alicia's face tighten 
and her teeth clench as the large black penis began to rent her from behind. 


It was real and it was painful. Some primordial sense of anger suddenly 
swept over me demanding that I rush over to the set and throw this fucker 
across the room and bash his brains in for hurting my lover like that. 
Juliette noticed my hands were balled in fists and gently reached over and 
put her hand on my forearm. I looked at her and she smiled holding her 
fingers to her throat. I understood.


Double penetration is not hard to do but its hard to get good camera angles
because the natural positions block the parts the audience wants to see.
The anal partner has to ride unnaturally high and the woman ends up with
a lot of weight on her hips as she's trying to keep fucking the guy that
in her vagina. It's always a compromise between the best shot and the best
action. What no one had counted on was just how horny Alicia and the two
black dudes were at this point. 


All three were drenched in sweat which rained down on Alicia's back from 
above. Her vagina was awash and even her anus had developed its own lube from 
the friction of the large penis up inside her.


Her sounds and face indicated she was a bitch in heat beyond caring if her
own mother walked in on her at this moment. I could feel every thrust in my
own penis and was rocking in synch with the action occurring a few feet from
me. It was bizarre watching this frenzied nude threesome locked in shared 
sexual passion, surrounded by the artifacts of an indifferent technology, 
a cold electronic eye, feeling nothing.


Juliette whispered for Kathy to get the hand-held lower. There was a sense
of awe that enveloped even the most hardened of the porn crew.
As if it were choreographed by Mother Nature herself I watched the most
perfect three way come shot ever filmed unfold. It began with Alicia  
nearly screaming,


"Oh, god. I'm...I'm goi...I'm going to come...yesss...Oh shhh...Oh I'm
COMINGGGGG, Ohhh, Ohhh, OHHHH". 


Almost immediately the guy beneath her, driven insane by her vaginal 
massaging, withdrew his glistening cock and shot a solid load of semen up 
over her ass cheeks and back. With her vaginal opening gaping open from the 
withdrawing penis, my darling Alicia orgasmed, ejaculating  several spurts 
of clear fluid that ran deliciously down the jerking penis below that was 
smacking against her butt. 


A second or two later the guy in her ass withdrew at the last instant barely 
getting out before shooting his own full load of hot semen against her tight 
puckered asshole which then ran down over her vagina and drooled down onto 
the guy below. 


Alicia and her co-stars rolled onto the mat and caressed one another long 
enough to close the scene. 


"CUT."


There was a moment of silence, more from awe at what they had just seen than
any professional discipline, then spontaneous applause broke out among
the crew. 


"You better have that all on tape or I'm personally going to cut your balls 
off.", Juliette warned, only half kidding. 


She leaped out of her chair and called, "TOWEL", then grabbed the white 
terry towel and brought it to Alicia on the mat still woozy from her orgy.


"Darling, that was absolutely the most fantastic...how did that feel, 
Alicia, coming like that with the camera on you? Did you love it?"


"It was so awesome...just fucking with all you watching...and the...the
camera. I just looked straight at the fucking sound guy staring at me
and just came...looking right at him while he watched me. God, I don't...
I don't want it to stop".


As Alicia was getting toweled off by Rachel,  Juliette gave her a sweet kiss
on the forehead.


"We're going to take a break to reset the lights for the come bath shot so
just relax. Alicia, you are one horny little lady but I adore you."


I wanted her so much, all sweaty and panting and streaked with semen. The
next shot was just her getting covered in semen as the four studs jerked 
off over her face and tits. As she stroked two of them at a time they would
break off and take over their orgasm making sure to get the biggest spurts
to land on her mouth and face. After all four had discharged on her she was
left lying on the mat, her face and hair dripping with the still warm semen.
I grabbed a towel and looked down at her as she looked up at me.


"God, Chris. I hate to say it but I'm still so horny. I...I want to fuck...
you, right here, now. Get those fucking clothes off and fuck me. I don't
care who is watching or sees us just, please make love to me".


Silently, I undressed as the technicians beside me were disassembling the
equipment. I moved between her thighs now spread open to receive me and
entered her familiar vagina, now soft and very wet from her vigorous 
fucking and coming. 


As her passion rose she held me to her and begged,


"Chris, I want you to come...inside...come inside...darling...I
want your come in me. Ohhhhhh."


I fought my every instinct and let my load go inside her beloved vagina 
mixing for the first time with her copious wetness. It was the closest
I'd ever felt to her and we kissed for nearly ten minutes as we came down
from our love making. The semen that streaked her breasts tasted sweet like...
pineapple juice.


"For my...personal collection.",  Juliette said as she stepped from the
shadows wearing only her black teddy and patterned thigh top stockings,
holding her 8mm video camera.


******
Rachel was standing by the door leading from the set as Alicia and I walked
around to the backside. I was holding my clothes while Alicia had picked up
a terry robe tossed on the mat by one of the crew. 


"Alicia, this is Gunther. He's a friend of the producer and wants to talk
to you about...some extra work.", Rachel said somewhat distastefully.


She introduced us to a German guy about 25 or 30 with a Van Dyk beard and 
shades. He had two expensive professional cameras around his neck and spoke
with an accent. He said he worked for a European publisher that specialized
in "unusual" porno and was willing to give us a grand if Alicia would let
him take some shots of her "cleaning up". 


I thought the idea was as weird as this guy looked but before I could tell 
him to kiss off Alicia looked at him with her new, tough bitch expression 
and said she'd give him all the shots he wanted.


We returned to the makeup room where the last of the male co-stars had already
split and went into the empty, echoing toilet area. 


Alicia took off her robe and stood under the spray of the shower rinsing the 
semen and sweat off her creamy white body while the German guy snapped a few 
setup shots. She teased him as long as possible playing with her tits and 
vagina but both of them knew what he was after. I had refilled the red 
rubber bag and hung it where she could get to it. She didn't bother with 
lube but just slid the plastic nozzle up into her ass and released the clamp 
for her second 'purging' of the day. 


She was 'ooing' and 'ahhing' and the water gurgled into her and the German's 
cameras were clicking and whirring like mad. After she emptied the bag she 
jerked the nozzle out and dropped it to the tile floor. Her belly was  
protruding and she massaged it as she had before. Finally, she leaned over 
the ceramic tub playing with her vagina and clit between her legs as the 
German guy kept getting closer and closer for better shots right behind her.


When she had him within a foot or so of her buttocks she grabbed her clitoris
in her thumb and forefinger and stroked herself briskly, knowing this would
make her come very fast and hard. She threw her head back and her thighs
shuddered as her orgasm swept over her. As it subsided she immediately
experienced a very intense urge to void her bowels.  She squeezed against 
the side of the tub while grabbing her ass cheeks in her hand and spreading 
them to the max. 


She let out a long, "Oooooooooooo," as if her guts were splitting, which they
probably were. Her anus opened to about an inch in diameter and a 
round, smooth column of water arched from her hole. Its trajectory made a 
perfect hit on the chest of the German photographer and trailed down over 
his cameras taking at least five seconds to dissipate.The German was so 
shocked that he fell backward onto the wet puddled floor further soaking his 
brown pants. I was laughing, of course, as was Alicia. He still gave us the 
grand.


"I've felt like that when I was sick but I never felt like going like that...
just for...fun. Guys are such perverts! I could throw up and it would turn 
some guy on.", she said afterwards trying to fathom the unfathomable.


Alicia cleaned up up quickly and spent several minutes putting on fresh 
makeup and changing back into her white dress and suspender hose even though 
we were only going to go back to the resort for the night. It was if she had
to reestablish her femininity and modesty after the utter debauchery
that she had displayed before the cameras, and after. Dressing up separated 
her from that world for the time being and she could just be a normal, 
private, and very beautiful young woman.


We got back in the car which was infused with her woman scent. The sun
had dried her wetness on the leather turning it to white, powdery stains.
We had about a forty minute drive to get from the studio to the resort and it
would give us some time to chat about the days events and what was to come.


"I guess the scene tomorrow should be fun. It's with four other girls or
something", I began. "Alicia, I...well I didn't realize you...liked girls
until you had your night with Aunt Carol. I mean...have you...do you like
girls better or the same or what...and when did you...like decide?"


"You sound like you're jealous or something. I don't like girls
or boys better, its just different. And I really haven't done anything with
girls other than your aunt. I really only can think of two other times I
had anything, like, sexual to do with another girl and they were really
pretty harmless. 


There was this girl named Cindy Holt that had tried out for cheerleaders but 
didn't make it because she was a little heavy. This was my sophomore year 
two years ago when I was first on the team. She used to try to hang out with 
me and carried my books and stuff which was kind of weird. I guess she liked 
me because she was always looking at me and I had really developed my figure 
that year. 


One day after practice I was late getting off the field and when I got back 
to the locker room to change everyone had gone. I got undressed and into the 
shower but I forgot to pull the plastic curtain over the stall since I 
figured I was alone. 


After I started I looked over and Cindy was standing in the doorway just 
watching me shower. I realized I liked her looking at me and I just kept 
washing myself letting her get a good look. But she never came over or did 
anything, she just watched and then left. I remember that I felt really 
horny from the experience and was, you know, wet.


Anyway, the next day I went into the girls bathroom to take a pee and Cindy
followed me trying not to let me see her. I got in one stall and I heard her
get in the stall next to mine. I pulled down my panties and started peeing
which usually made a loud noise in the tile bathroom but I didn't hear 
Cindy start to pee. When I stopped and wiped myself I could hear her
rubbing herself. It was kind of a rhythmic, mushing wet sound that any
girl would know right away. I waited and listened getting hot thinking about
it and my hand started touching myself as well. I could hear her breathing
and moaning and she could hear me and we excited each other without even
touching. It was so secret and dangerous at the time. We both had orgasms
and mine lasted a long time I remember because I was so worked up. We never
talked about it though and she moved away about two months later. Does that
qualify as sex with a girl?"


"I suppose but weren't you curious what she would have felt like or tasted
like. I mean, didn't you want to really experience her instead of just 
imagining it".


"I've always wanted to really caress another woman's breasts. I had such a
dreamy time with Carol, she has such gorgeous breasts and I explored her
with my hands and mouth for an hour. We didn't ever rush anything that entire
night which is something that you guys can't seem to do. It took me...back...
to my first...experience...with another woman.


I was 13 and really worried that I wouldn't get a figure or develop breasts,
you know, like all late bloomers. Anyway, it was my parents anniversary and
my mom had gotten all dressed up and made a big dinner and everything. She
even had me go off to bed early so she could have a romantic night of it.


Well, after about half-an-hour my dad called and said he was with a big
client and wouldn't be home until after eleven. My mom was really pissed and
slammed the phone down. I guess she opened the bottle of wine she had and
drank most of it because when I got up around ten the lights were still on
in the living room and she was passed out on the sofa. I felt real bad for 
her, I'd never seen her drunk like that in my life before. 


I got her up enough to walk her back to her room and try to get her into bed. 
She was fumbling with her dress and I got it off her along with her slip. 
What I hadn't expected was that underneath she had put on this white corset 
with long garters and sheer stockings. She never wore underthings like that 
and they looked so pretty and feminine. She had nice breasts and a woman's 
figure with hips and I...I wanted to see her naked.


She was pretty groggy and didn't resist as I unclipped her stockings and
took off her corset. She still had on a little white G-string panty
underneath. I helped her stretch out on the bed and put her clothes away.
When I thought she was asleep I stood next to the bed with the light still
on and just looked at her breasts. She has very large nipples and they
looked so beautiful as they rose up and down when she breathed. 


I had on just a short chemise top and my panties and I remember reaching up 
and lowering my panties to my thighs and touching myself while I looked at 
her. I touched my finger to her right breast and then let my hand rest on it 
as I played with myself. She had bluish veins around the dark part and I
wanted to kiss them so badly. 


Before I could come I heard my dad's car pull up and I nearly tripped over 
my panties as I ran back to my room. My heart was pounding a mile a minute 
afraid that my mom would remember but she didn't...except for...


The next day when she had a hangover I guess we got in some stupid argument 
about clothes. I was sassing her and she just lost it. She grabbed me in the 
bathroom and sat on the tub taking me over her lap. I had on just my panties 
and bra and she pulled down my panties and spanked me really, really hard 
with the bristle side of her hairbrush. I was in tears for hours and totally 
shocked because it was the first and last time she ever did anything like it 
to me. I guess I kind of reenacted that scene with your Aunt Carol except we 
got carried away and she used that little whippy stick of hers."


"Did you ever tell this to your Dad. He is so uptight he probably would have
really punished you."


"No, I never did but not because of that. My Dad is not all he seems either. 
I never told even my mom this but I haven't been able to wear the same pair 
of panties twice since I was 14. He would go into my laundry hamper and take
them out."


"What would he do, get off with them?"


"No, even weirder. He was selling them to some old men who would write him
letters asking for them."


"How did you find out he was selling them", I asked utterly amazed at what
I was learning about Alicia's growing up female experience.


"Well, one time I got my period early before I had remembered to put in a
tampon and I totally ruined my panties, I mean they were stained in...well,
you know. Anyway, I tried to just throw them out in a plastic bag but the
next day the bag was gone from my bathroom. Then Saturday, out of the blue,
he just gave me fifty dollars to buy some nice clothes. He also gave me
extra money just for buying panties which I had to do every other week or
I'd be going around bare-assed at school. He never told me directly but I 
figured it out over time."


"Geez. Back to your mom. Isn't she suppose to meet us in the lobby at the
resort. I still don't know why she decided to come down here to see her
daughter work in a porno movie. It's a little bizarre. And something else.
When I was talking with Juliette before the scene she said something that
really freaked me. She said I looked just like Karen Cortland. That's my 
mom's name before she got married. How could she know something like that?"


"Its probably just a coincidence or something. Did your mom ever meet her
like when she was younger before she was married to your dad?"


"No way. Mom has never even seen a porno movie in her life unless maybe Dad 
showed it to her. But to actually meet a porno actress. No way, I just can't 
see it. Not Mom".


The Aqua D'Oro resort entrance was just up on the left and I pulled into
the lot. I took our bags to the bellhop and went up to the desk to sign
in. There were two very attractive girls behind the desk in tailored 
suits. Our eyes met and they smiled, and I smiled, and the wheels all
clicked into place. Holey shit Uncle Jer.


                                ******
The resort was only a few years old and very elegant with a large lobby
adjacent to the dining area. It was built in a semi-circle around the
large outside heated pool facing the Pacific ocean. We would be on the
seventh floor facing northwest with a terrific view from the individual
room balconies. Samantha was sitting in one of the oversized chairs reading 
with her legs crossed and spied us when we came into the lobby.


"Alicia, sweetheart, Hiiieee. I made it.", she chirped giving 
Alicia a kiss and a hug. 


She was in her 40's, just a few years older than Aunt Carol. She was wearing 
a navy and white polka dot dress with a loose pleated skirt that fell about 
six inches above her knees when she stood. She was almost the same height in 
her navy and white high heels as Alicia at 5'8 but while Alicia was blond 
and fair she had auburn short hair that was flipped under and skin that was 
darker from her makeup.


She was pretty with a slight overbite that made her lips seem to be slightly
parted at all times. She wasn't a size 6 but she carried her fuller figure
nicely and I noticed she was wearing Chanel which I found very...elegant. I 
greeted her with a friendly kiss which I tried to sustain to enjoy her 
fragrance but she eased away, a bit embarrassed.


"Well, I guess you two have been having quite a time. First, getting to be
together at your Aunt's and now this Mexican holiday. Alicia, I hope you're
using protection. You can't be too careful at your age." 


She was doing her mom bit to a tee as we walked over to the dining area. It 
was just after six thirty. The dining room was busy but not crowded. Most of 
the guests were young or middle aged couples and some seniors. There were no 
children anywhere which was not unexpected, this was billed as an adult 
resort.


I listened as Alicia and Samantha danced around the truth of what Alicia
was involved in. I finally broke into the chitchat as the waitress took our
drink order and left.


"Did Aunt Carol explain to you the kind of video that Alicia is making? 
These are kind of...adult...you know."


"Well, she was just so wonderful on the phone about the whole business and
the amount of money that Alicia could make. She did mention that their might
be some occasional nudity but, you know, even the big stars are doing things
like that. Its not such a terrible thing anymore". 


Seated beside us within earshot was a senior couple all very dressed up, he 
in a suit and she in a print evening dress and diamond earrings. He was 
probably a CEO of some big corporation on holiday. I noticed the woman was 
glancing our way as she heard bits and pieces and scowling her indignation 
at such talk.


"Mom, its a little more...personal than that...I mean...weell, Chris, what
do I mean?"


"Ah...Samantha it's that instead of just...play acting, you know. Well, it's
more realistic and visu...there's not much left to the imagination...ahhh."


Samantha looked directly into my eyes with a sudden expression of recognition
that pierced the bullshit like a bullet.


"I assume you mean like fucking and sucking. Is that what they have you do,
Alicia, fuck and suck?" 


The woman beside us uttered an audible gasp and glared our way as Samantha's 
words carried beyond our table and silenced a section of the busy room.


"So... you know... everything. My Aunt told you about Alicia and her and me 
and...videos."


"When your aunt first called and we got talking, I don't know, it rekindled 
something in me. Our little sex show in front of the fraternity boys was one 
of the most exciting things I'd ever done in my life. I was so free when I 
was young but...it all changed with marriage and a child, or at least I 
thought. Your Aunt got me thinking about it all over and I realized how much 
I'd missed by...being safe. I just...I just wanted Alicia to know...how it 
really felt to be that wild and outrageous...beyond shame." 


She looked down at the table and then up at Alicia's gray-blue eyes, so like 
her own and continued, 


"I knew you were more like me than I had imagined from the time you were
barely 13. When you found me drunk and got me ready for bed that time on  
our wedding anniversary, I was only partly asleep. I'd had a lot of wine
but not so much that I didn't remember you undressing me, and then...touching
me on my breasts. I never spoke to you about it because I was...I was too
ashamed of myself. I could have stopped you Alicia, darling, but I didn't
because, maybe it was the wine...I don't know but...I was aroused by it, very
much. I was hoping you would take off the little G-string panties I had on and...
touch me there like you were touching yourself. God, with my own daughter.


It was so sick that I was afraid to look at you the next day. All that 
emotion came out as anger when I spanked you so hard. I'm so sorry for that
darling, I know you never understood what I was feeling. I've never told
anyone this until now, not even your father who would have left me if he'd
known I'm sure." 


The waitress had returned with our drink order. She was a very leggy redhead 
wearing a too short pleated black skirt with no hose and stiletto heeled 
pumps.


"Let's see. The carafe of house red for the ladies and for the gentleman
the grande pina colade, no rum. Kind of a waste of time isn't it?" she mused
as her eyes shot a glance to my crotch undetected by either Alicia or 
Samantha.


"I just had a taste for the pineapple juice, you know.", I returned looking
at the inside of her silky white thigh just below her ridiculous skirt. 


She dropped her pen from the pocket of her white starched blouse that was 
open to expose an ample bit of cleavage. I knew just what she was going to
do next and both Alicia and her mom were distracted as they poured out the
wine they had ordered. My only concern was the scowling matron at the next
table who was looking directly at me. 


As I returned her eye contact our waitress bent forward keeping her knees 
nearly locked to pick up her trusty pen. Her skirt lifted in back giving me 
a glorious flash of her natural red fur piece framed by her white thighs and 
lower buttocks. 


I slid my hand inconspicuously up the inside of her smooth inner thigh and 
stuck my extended thumb directly up into her waiting snatch. Her thighs 
clenched a moment until I withdrew my moist prize. Without comment, she 
straightened up and continued on her way, so much the happier I suspected. 


Locking eyes with the now flustered matron I held my thumb under my nose and 
inhaled the fresh, distinct scent of the waitresses' womanhood then sucked 
it clean and smiled. Utterly appalled, she threw her napkin onto her plate 
and demanded that her husband and she leave that instant in a real snit. 
I rejoined the conversation between Samantha and Alicia.


"When you...started to really become a woman...and were so beautiful and
fresh and young I...envied you, and hated you, and...oh god...and...wanted
to...hold you...so bad. Do you remember all the chats we had...while you were
in the bathtub. I'd always come in and talk with you about woman things and 
such."


"I kind of enjoyed it with you there and me nude in the tub. It felt like
we were real close and I could be myself with you like best friends. Did 
it...turn you on to see me...like that?"


"I would plan my whole day around those moments. It was like a dream for me
but I had to pretend it was just fun and harmless. All these years."


"Mom, this isn't supposed to sound strange and I don't want you to...when
I was with Chris' Aunt Carol I...we got into pretending when we were really
heavy into our love making and I...was calling her...Mom...as we were like
doing it. It felt so incredibly perverse and exciting and I got off on it
really hard. This is really heavy but...god, I can't say it...I think we
should...really try...I mean." 


Alicia and Samantha were syllables away from  transgressing the most 
powerful of social taboos. Nothing Samantha had  fantasized about would be 
equal to the actual consummation of such a shocking and unimaginable 
violation of decency and morality. If it was not done  correctly with both 
of them fully prepared for the act it could destroy their real relationship 
for the rest of their lives. 


I knew Alicia had learned well from her experience with my aunt and 
performing on the video but I still doubted Samantha's resolve. She would 
need to be brought to her daughter in such an aroused, irrational state that 
the consummation of incest would be inevitable and profoundly pleasurable 
for both of them. She needed a crash course in letting go. 


I spoke to both Alicia and Samantha of my concerns and from Samantha's 
expression I knew I was right. Then, I described what I believed was needed 
as I spoke directly to Samantha,


"Your fantasies are all well and good but until you've put aside all your
deepest reflexes of decency and morality you won't be able to cross over
from fantasy to actual experience. The inhibitions are there even
if you don't think they are. They'll interfere and the result will be 
humiliation and frustration rather than...joy. 


Alicia, I need to be with  your mom for about and hour, alone. If you like 
you can sit out by the pool and I'll call you when I think its time for you 
to join us. Is that ok?"


She rose slowly from her seat and went to her mom's side. Samantha was still
looking down at her plate uncertain of what she was going to do. Alicia
took her mother's hand from the table and brushed it across her breasts 
before touching it to her lips.


"I'll be there, mom, no matter how you feel. I love you in so many ways
already. This will be just...one more." 


She turned and disappeared out the large glass doors that led to the pool. 
There was still a good two hours of summer light and a gentle breeze was 
blowing in from the ocean.



                                ******
"I want to play a childish game with you Samantha but if you agree to play
it will be one of the most difficult games you've ever attempted. Its Simon
Says and I'm Simon. Simon will never tell you to do anything that is harmful
or illegal but everything else...imaginable...is fair game. Simon will tell
you what to do but I will be your will, not Simon's, that makes you actually
do what he asks. You must decide to act quickly without censuring yourself
or you won't enjoy the liberating benefits. And you must allow yourself to
experience the reality of your acts...you must be clear and aware of what
you are doing, no drugs or alcohol. Now, Samantha, do you understand the
game and are you ready to begin?"


She was struggling against all that she had ever known as a proper woman.
She could scarcely imagine what I would be having her do, yet she had to obey 
me completely...and...submit herself to me. With an arrogant sniff that 
tried to mask the faint tears welling in her eyes she replied, 


"Sure, what the fuck."


Her first command was to simply turn her chair so that she was facing
out into the center of the dining room with her legs out from under the
table. There were perhaps eight or ten couples and singles enjoying their
meals, unconcerned with the attractive woman in the navy and white polka dot 
dress that was seated across from them.


"Simon says, open your knees six inches."


She looked down, her face flushed in shame. I reminded her of the rules and
repeated Simon's demand. Slowly, her knees separated, drawing her skirt
up on her thighs. 


Simon next demanded twelve inches. Her crotch was now in plain sight although 
it was veiled by her sheer panty hose and the white bikini panties she was 
wearing underneath. I watched her face, trying to experience the emotions she 
was feeling. She was exposing herself in violation of all she had ever 
learned about being a 'lady'. Sure, you could see more at the beach in a 
bikini but that wasn't the point. It was her open thighs that was most
shamed her. This was an unmistakable signal from Samantha that 
she was receptive...she was prepared for, and wanted intercourse. It was
basic body language for, 'Fuck me' and every man and woman in the dining room 
watching her knew it.


After several long seconds we got up and headed for the elevators to
take us up to our room where the came could proceed even further. As luck
would have it the matron and her CEO husband were waiting for the same
elevator. She refused to acknowledge our existence however her husband did
smile at Samantha and let her on ahead. I whispered her next demand as I
stood beside her on one side of the elevator while the older woman and her
husband stood opposite us on the other wall. 


When the door closed I touched Samantha's hand as a signal that Simon had 
just spoken. Trembling, she lowered her hands to her thighs and began 
gathering the material of her dress in folds pulling the entire skirt above 
her waist. She was standing fully exposed in her pantyhose and panties as 
the astonished woman looked on, speechless. Finally, Samantha reached under
the waistband and slid both undergarments off her hips and onto her thighs 
exposing her pubic triangle. In a shocked, indignant voice the woman said, 


"My dear woman, lower your skirt immediately and cover yourself or I shall 
have you arrested. You are a slut and should...should be...LOWER YOUR SKIRT
THIS INSTANT!". 


The door opened with Samantha still holding her navy and white polka dot 
pleated skirt to her chest, her sheer stocking shimmering on her legs with
her buttocks and vagina completely exposed. Still huffing, the couple hurried 
out with the husband looking back over his shoulder all the way.


I let her draw up her undies and drop her skirt long enough to find our room.
Once inside we began again. Simon instructed her to open the heavy drapes
that covered the room windows and pull back the sheer curtains as well. The
large patio doors looked out on a small balcony with a simple wrought iron
railing. Beyond the balcony was a view across the semi-circle of the resort
to the rooms on the other side and just to the left a view of the blue
ocean. Seven stories below was the pool which could only be seen while
standing on the balcony itself. We could hear the splashing and frolicking
of the vacationer's below.


"Simon says, walk over to the window and stand there facing out as you
remove your dress". She could only imagine the unseen eyes that might by
chance be looking across at her as she unzipped the dress and lowered it
to her ankles. She wore a white lace bra that matched the panties she had
on under her hose. She expected me to next demand she remove the bra but I
preferred a more direct approach. I instructed her to remove her pantyhose
and panties together while still facing out. 


Her breathing quickened as the utter excitement of what she was doing in full 
public view began to arouse her as she hadn't been aroused in years of proper 
marriage. I watched her reflection in the glass as she stepped out of her 
shoes then slipped her fingers in the waistband of her panties underneath 
again and drew both undergarments down over her thighs and calves together, 
finally tugging them off each foot.


She had dark brown pubic hair that spread in a triangle from thigh to thigh
and up nearly to her navel. It was thinner at the upper edge and I could see
her Caesarean scar veiled beneath. With her face and chest flushed she 
removed her bra next and at last stood utterly nude before the well lit
window.


Had she sincerely balked at any of my requests I would have gladly
stopped the game, no questions asked. I wasn't going to make her do anything
she didn't have the will to do. But she never even hesitated at my requests, 
complying the first time in total obedience.


I undressed behind her before giving her the next command. She
was instructed to climb atop the small writing desk to her left,
in plain view of the window. She was on all fours as I strolled behind her 
and spread open her pussy for the first time. 


She had thinnish labia, similar to her daughters, but much more crimson
befitting her maturity. Her clit was also quite prominent from her years of 
solitary masturbation, I suspected.


I tasted her wetness and she moaned in pleasure. It was totally different 
than either Alicia or my Aunt's scent. The slight urine quality was mixed 
with a very distinct musk scent and the general fragrance of her cologne. 


As I penetrated her from behind she eased back into my advancing penis. 
It was quickly enveloped in her warm, well lubricated inner folds. She was 
looser than Alicia, of course, due to childbirth but had the same muscular 
control which was distinctive for her and Alicia and not present in my 
aunt's vagina. 


As I thrust in and out slowly I reached down and picked up the hotel phone.


"Yes, I'd like you to page Alicia Aronesti at...mmmm...at the pool please,
I'll hold." 


We continued to fuck, Samantha was now fully aroused, moaning and murmuring 
incoherently. We could hear the loud speaker as Alicia was paged.


"Would guest Alicia Aronesti please pick up any of the house courtesy phones.
Alicia Aronesti."


A few moments later I heard Alicia come on the other end.


"God, Chris. I've been sitting down here and wondering what you were doing.
Are you in the room? Where's Mom?" 


I reached around Samantha's waist and began vigorously massaging her 
engorged clitoris with my two fingers. Its was wet and slippery. I
pulled out my penis and began rubbing it over her clit as well.


"Wait, Mom wants to talk to you", I said. I had carefully timed my
response to coincide with the rising crescendo of Samantha's long delayed
and very intense first orgasm. As the phone was held beside her she began
coming, 


"Ohhhhh...God that's so good...I'm going to...come...now...OHHHHHH."


"Alicia, you still there?"


"Chris, you're such a crazy fuck. God, I want to come up so bad. When can
I come up?"


"Wait, I have one more demand for your mom. Can you see up to our room
from where you are?". 


Alicia began looking up and then gasped at what she saw. 


"You're fucking her on a desk! Everyone down here can see! My God, Chris
you'll get us arrested! You crazy bastard."


"Keep watching." I said as I withdrew my penis and explained the last act
of exhibitionist perversion to the now liberated Samantha. 


She went to the sliding windows and opened them deliberately then strode out 
onto the balcony totally nude except for her high heels. The slight breeze 
flipped her shortish hair and the golden light from the setting sun turned 
her skin a reddish bronze. She positioned her self momentarily with her legs 
slightly bent and spread open. 


She made a curious gesture I hadn't ever seen of licking her teeth as if to 
clean them of her lipstick then parted her mouth in a churlish, arrogant pout. 


In front of the assembled guests below, those watching across from the 
opposite rooms and, of course, especially in front of her own 19 year old 
daughter, she let down a twisted yellow ribbon of her piss that cascaded from 
her vagina. It splashed onto the concrete patio, rained over the edge, and 
finally, evaporated in the air.


"God, Chris can you imagine what must be going through her head, just peeing
with everyone watching. I can't wait any more. I'm coming up."


Samantha calmly returned to the room closing both the patio door and the 
sheer curtains but leaving the drapes open. I took her in my arms and we 
embraced, the game having ended for now. 


We fell back onto the bed and I entered her again feeling the tiny droplets 
of her pee on my belly as I penetrated her. It was rapturous but I resisted 
coming and turned her on her side facing away from me. I lifted her thigh so 
that I could enter her from behind and below, holding her against me and 
caressing her breasts as we thrust. She was lost in pleasure in the fading, 
shadowy twilight that spilled in through the window.


I heard Alicia come in the door and watched as she glided, almost transfixed 
over to the bed where her boyfriend was presently fucking her mother. She 
untied her dress and let it fall to the floor but retained her stockings and 
shoes. 


She moved onto the far side of the large bed and began caressing her mother's 
breasts with her hands. As she brought her mouth to her mother's and embraced 
her as only a lover would ever do, with tongues and sweetness and...lust, I 
could no longer contain my own orgasm. I ran my hands over Samantha's face, 
through Alicia's long hair and then back, discharging a huge load of hot 
semen into Samantha's wet vagina.


Having spent my load, I passed the torch to my beloved Alicia to consummate
perhaps the rarest of all perverted acts that violates the most sacred of 
taboos, mother-daughter incest.


                                ******
I wish I could say that their lovemaking was somehow more animated or 
spectacular but it was much like what Alicia had done with Aunt Carol.
They caressed each other's breasts and nipples with mouths and fingers,
spending a long time just whispering to one another between outbursts.


Alicia was the first to receive oral sex from Samantha and experienced her
first of about four orgasms that I counted during their encounter. Alicia
wanted desperately to reciprocate and spent nearly fifteen minutes toying
with her mother's vagina before letting her come in ecstasy. They rested a
bit before moving into 69 position with Alicia on top. As her mother licked
Alicia's vagina from below she inserted two fingers into her and massaged
inside. Alicia responded with a very sudden sharp orgasm and several spurts
that left her mother smiling and relieved. Between muffled love making she
whispered that she had once had that happen and thought it was pee but now
that she had tasted it she knew it was really just wetness from inside.


What the observer could not see was the internal, subtle communication that
was transpiring between them. They were touching in a way that reshaped all 
that they had been or would be. All the denial and fear and shame were 
joyfully forgotten leaving only this moment, this fulfillment, of an 
unspeakable passion that has been experienced by only a few thousand women 
in all of human history. 


When each had been satisfied the two women,  mother and daughter, lay naked 
and unashamed, wrapped in each others arms, sleeping peacefully on the king 
size bed. I was left to my dreams for the moment, in awe of the power of 
such passionate women.


My reverie was brief. Sometime in the wee hours I came out of my groggy
sleep distinctly aware that I had an erection and that someone was giving
me head. Only a single room light was on but as I peered through
half open eyes I could see the nude forms of Alicia on my left and Samantha
on my right. Samantha was sucking me as Alicia looked up smiling.


"You weren't supposed to wake up. We were trying an experiment to see if
we could make you come in your sleep. It happens to us girls a lot but
Mom said it couldn't happen to men. I guess now we'll never know."


I rolled onto my back and the two women continued their playful exploration
of my penis and balls like I was a science experiment. Samantha was stroking
my balls with her finger nails while Alicia tongued just my moist little
slit. They'd ask what felt best and giggled like schools girls while they 
drove me nuts. 


I reached down and began stroking Samantha's labia through her wiry dark 
bush which was wet. Her pink inner membranes contrasted with the darker hue 
of her protruding labia which curled about her vaginal opening. Taking my 
hint she slid up the bed, lifted her left leg over my chest and straddled me,
facing my feet. I eased her hips up towards my face and spread her open with
my fingers. 


The her pubic hair was encrusted with drops of dried come and her own wetness 
As I penetrated her with my tongue a thin strand of my semen from this 
afternoons fucking rolled onto my tongue. I fell back on the pillow and in 
perfect, stuporous, Homer Simpson style exclaimed, 


"Mmmmmmmm...peeen-yaaaaa colaaaadaaaaa." 


Alicia mounted me facing her mom. My well primed penis once again was 
ensheathed by her warm, muscular, and very lubricated young vagina. As she 
used me, she felt her mothers breasts. Samantha returned the gesture, then 
let Alicia suck her while I was sucking her clit into my mouth. It was a 
truly joyful orgy of complete hedonist abandon. 


I thought afterward how simplistic and unsatisfying watching sex was compared 
to the multi sensual experience of doing it. The feel of the women's 
skin, Alicia so smooth like doeskin or velvet while Samantha's skin was more 
mottled with tiny, nearly invisible hairs on her buttocks and around her 
nipples. 


The smell of their hair which was different from their skin which was 
different from their genitals. The soft pendulousness of Samantha's breasts 
which Alicia massaged gently as she ground against me, coming at least twice 
in short succession. 


The sound of each of their voices, not just as they convulsed in heart 
pounding orgasm, but all during sex as they whispered and murmured and even...
laughed playfully. I began to understand why most women find porn so totally
unsatisfying. They delight in all the senses while paper and video tape are 
flat, lifeless...boring, compared to the textures and smells and sounds of a 
real living human being. Still, I mused, real life does have its limitations. 
There's no freeze-frame button.


Alicia dismounted me so that she and her mom could enjoy making me ejaculate
together which was their real objective since waking up. She had told me
when she first came to visit how much she loved watching a man really shoot
his load, the animal-like sense of it. With both Samantha and Alicia's faces
inches from my penis Alicia began stroking my whole shaft with her slippery
fingers. When she felt my first pre-ejaculation spasm she looked directly
at her mom and took my penis in her mouth about three inches just enough
to capture every drop of my volcanic ejaculate which took about ten seconds
to subside. 


Laying back, I could see in the subdued light as Alicia slid over to Samantha 
and embraced her lips with my semen still in her mouth. Then Samantha, now 
on her back, opened her mouth while Alicia, holding herself by her arms 
above, opened hers as well. A large glob of semen mixed with saliva rolled 
off Alicia's pink tongue directly into Samantha's gaping mouth and, with one 
hedonistic swallow, down her throat.


Alicia was sitting opposite her mom and fingering herself. Samantha sat up
and locked eyes with her daughter and began doing the same as they
competed to excite the other and intensify their onastic pleasure. After
two orgasms like this I finally had to break in.


"Will you two give it a rest already? We've go a full day of video fucking
tomorrow and you're going to be too sore to fuck anyone at this rate Alicia."


She pummeled me with a pillow in protest but agreed she'd had an incredible
day and she needed to build up for tomorrow. For now she retired to the
other bed while Samantha and I cuddled a bit before falling back asleep
in each others arms.


The sound of the 9:00 wake up call startled me from a sound sleep. I rolled
out of bed right over a big wet spot on the sheet and splashed some water
on my face before waking Alicia and her mom, neither of whom even stirred
when the phone rang. I gave them first shot at the bathroom since the
ladies would no doubt take longer to get ready and made some coffee for
all of us. I brought their cups into the bathroom where Alicia had run the
large tub.


"Care to join us?", Alicia offered.


"Hey, you've got a 10:30 call and if we start into this shit again you're 
never going to make it. Can we just think about business for ten minutes, 
sweetheart?"


My concerns went unheeded as Alicia and her mom were determined to reenact
and fulfill their bathtub fantasy this time with the freedom to consummate
what had only been suppressed dreams before. They got in the tub and washed
each other, mixing it with playful lovemaking but nothing real wild.
After a bit they got out, dried off, and went to work putting on their
makeup and brushing out their hair, both still nude with no concern for
privacy. 


Samantha had brought Alicia a change of clothes, a short, print tunic dress 
with spaghetti straps which barely covered her buttocks. In the interest of 
preventing a big mother-daughter fight Alicia agreed to wear the white thong 
panties her mom had brought but only after a protest. There was no question 
she would  not wear the matching bra. 


She stepped into white, high heeled sandals with an ankle strap that raised 
her hem even more provocatively and bent over to buckle them giving me 
another reason to love her from any angle. I meanwhile was checking the 
weather channel and praying for a Santa Ana wind.


Samantha had packed something a little more exotic for herself including a 
matching satin bra, panties, and garter belt set in a shade of bone and 
real, old-fashioned silk stockings, the kind with seams up the back and wide 
welts. They were a bit big for her and came high up her thighs without 
rolling over the welt. 


She adjusted her garters to snug up the stockings then pulled her dress, 
a very lightweight white cotton summer caftan made from nearly see-through 
India cloth, over her head. Her undies were discernible under the dress at 
close range but it was far too warm to bother with a slip today. Anyway, it 
made her feel more daring and she wanted to be daring on this trip. 


When Alicia said it might look even nicer without the bra Samantha retorted 
that it was more a concession to the effects of childbirth and time than 
modesty. She was gorgeous, they both were gorgeous, as my unrestrained 
erection was attesting.


They decided to get some breakfast in the dining room and wait for me to
join them. Samantha tried to prepare herself for the inevitable glances she
was sure to get from the guests who had witnessed our fun and games last
evening. I showered and shaved and was doing my teeth when the room phone
rang. With a mouthful of toothpaste foam, I answered.


"Yeah?"


"Ah, Chris. I think you need to come down here like, right now. It looks
like...ah...we may have a little...problem". It was Alicia. "There's this
woman...and...well, she called the...cops."


"There's no problem", I returned cutting her off. "Wait, there and I'll 
be right down." 


With the resolve of Dirty Harry I grabbed one of the face towels from the 
wash basin and tucked it around my waist. It was open along my right thigh 
up to my buttocks but my cock was veiled at least from the front. With an 
expression of complete determination I opened the room door and strode to the 
elevator, riding it down to the now bustling lobby.


There were several young and middle-aged couples milling about who took
and obligatory look at my muscled physique and loincloth attire but 
seemed eerily unconcerned or shocked. Alicia's face turned even whiter
than it already was and her eyes opened up like saucers. Samantha, perhaps
more experienced in these matters, merely snickered.


"That's one of them. That's one of those disgusting people from last night",
the matron we had teased last evening shouted rising in righteous indignation
and pointing me out to the Mexican cop who was taking notes. "They're all
perverts and I want them arrested this instant. You all saw them last night".


She was addressing some of the milling guests.


"We could see them from our room on the other side, the hussy. She took off
every stitch of her clothing and then...I can hardly say it...then she began
to...wee-wee right in public. My God, a grown woman wee-weeing like that.
Isn't that illegal here, officer?" 


Her husband was looking through Samantha's dress at her stylish 1950's 
stockings and trying not to grin from behind the folds his wife's flared 
skirt.


"Officer",I said in a subdued voice, "perhaps I should give you my account
in private, over here."  


We stepped aside out of earshot.


"Eees what the Senora saying, so, Senor?", he queried.


"Well, I'm afraid its all quite true and we're terribly sorry if we caused 
a fuss. But you see my girlfriend over there." 


I pointed to Alicia and his eyes scanned her torso.


"The senorita is mui bonito. You are one lucky muchacho."


"Yes, well she and me and the other senora, that's her mamasita, are 
expected over at the big factory in about 45 minutes. You know about the 
factory, of course?"


"Ah si, the factory. You are with the factory people, then?"


"That's a big si officer. I'm sure your supervisors will be most grateful 
if you were able to dispose of this matter...discreetly."


"Mmmm. Well, I am beginning to see your point. Let me see what I can do."


We walked back over to the red-face elderly woman.


"I'm sorry Senora but there seems to be a problem with your story. If you'll
just come down with me to the estation I would like to question you about...
some reports of some wealthy older women involved in a very big smuggling 
operation."


As he led the white-face ranting woman and her CEO husband from the hotel 
I could hear the last parts of the conversation. 


"Please. Senora there are only a few questions and a...small cavity search...
and you will be on your way in no time."


I smugly turned and walked back to the elevator leaving Alicia and Samantha
sitting in dumbfounded wonder. As I got on, two absolutely perfect 10 women
in their early 20's got on in front of me both in the most insignificant of 
thong bikinis and wearing high heels. We exchanged flirtatious smiles and I 
let the door close before pulling the front of my towel back. I stood behind
one of the girls, the dark haired beauty by chance, intoxicated by the scent 
of...cocoanut oil and shampoo. I held my penis and lightly stroked it over 
her fully exposed velvety buttock cheek letting my drop of seminal fluid 
streak her oiled flesh. She was still and silent except for a tiny gasp of 
recognition at my first contact. When she got out she walked away perched on 
her stately high heels like the naughty thoroughbred of sex that she was.


"What the fuck is going on here, Chris? I was sure we were in deep shit",
Alicia said as I returned now in my shirt and jeans and sipped my pineapple
juice.


"You're incredible with sex Alicia but you still have a lot to
learn about the world, darling. I wasn't really sure what was going on myself
until we checked in last evening. Did you notice the two girls that
checked us in at the desk? They were the same girls that had been sitting
in the reception area at the studio when we first arrived. They work in the
videos, sweetheart, and they work here...and its all the same job. 


There's two groups of people staying here but you can't tell the players 
withouta scorecard and that's intentional. The first group is just ordinary 
folks from Peoria or Ontario that find out about this place and just want a 
very different adult vacation. A chance to vacation with porn stars. 


You see,the other group of people here are other porn people, actors, crew, 
and...families. They like the fact that they can stay in a luxury resort
as a kind of perk for their services and...they know that all the rules are
off. Its kind of the price of staying here and the other group knows it. They
never know what outrageousness might just occur at any moment and the porn
people can live out their real world exhibitionist fantasies in semi-security.
Some time I'll have to tell you about the night Uncle Jerry and I hit the
bars while you and Aunt Carol were getting to know each other. It was all
arranged and it looked so fucking real and...it's like a fucking 
Disneyland for adults."


"You...you bastard Christopher! Do you have any idea the torture you put me
through last night with our little game? Why didn't you tell me what this
place was about...I was baring my...I mean...doing that in public and...I
was so humiliated...but if I'd known..."


"If you'd known and peed in front of everyone it would have been just acting, 
safe, insulated, and dehumanized. And it wouldn't have proved a thing except 
you could perform like the other zombies on the videos. What you did you
believed was absolutely real, something that you could never separate 
from your private life the way the porn stars do with their scenes."


"If this was all a setup than how come that old bitch freaked and called the
cops on us?", Alicia cut in trying to prove I wasn't so damned smart after
all.


"Either she has a very bad travel agent or, as I suspect, that's her trip...
you know the blue-nosed, tongue clicking disapproval at the debauchery just
before retiring with hubby and recounting the entire sordid scene as they
fucked their asses off. Was it just me or did you hear a real muffled buzzing
coming from under the front of her dress, like about where her pussy should
be?"


"Yes, I heard that but I thought it was some little motor somewhere. It
was probably one of those vibrating egg things...they keep sending me the
catalogs for those things...I've never actually tried...", Samantha said 
blushing at her accidental revelation that she had experimented with toys. 


It seemed somehow quaint at this point.


"And the cop? Huh?", Alicia whined.


"When Uncle Jerry had you sign your contracts and release forms did you
bother to actually read them? I did. The contract was with 'Excelsior
Productions, Inc.' and, in little tiny print it said,  'A Division of Ancora 
Corp'. Now, if you look outside at the resort sign what does it say, under
'Aqua D'Oro Resort'?"


"It says 'Aqua D'Oro Resort, by Ancora'. So the resort owns the video 
factory?"


"Probably the other way around. The porn finances the resort but it all
goes in one big pot eventually, Ancora Corp. This hotel and most of the 
oceanfront property is all owned by, and for Ancora Corp. And with that kind 
of money and this being Mexico and all, they also own the police, fire, city 
government and most of the military in this area, I suspect."


We finished and went to the desk to check out. The Hispanic male clerk
was standing against the high desk and completed our phony bill. He looked a
bit dreamy and when Alicia reached over to hand back his pen he took her
fingers and held them to his nose and lips giving her a small kiss.


"Miss Aronesti. On behalf of the staff of Aqua D'Oro I want to express our
delight in having you stay with us along with your...imaginative...relations.
Please come back whenever you wish and...indulge...yourself, all complementary
of course."


"My pleasure, I'm sure. I should...like... be able to afford it after doing
my video don't you think? Chris? CHRIS?"


He seemed to stiffen and shift back a bit. Alicia and I looked down together
to see he had dropped his pants to his ankles and was about to ejaculate
all over the face of a darling black beauty who had been sucking him off
under the desk even as we were speaking. He shot his load across her chocolate
cheeks that drooled off onto her large black breasts below. She was nude 
except for high heels and a little starched maid's apron. 


I took Alicia's hand and escorted her out the door as several strangers 
smiled admiringly at her...and her mom. Ah yes, the happiest fucking place 
on earth.


As we came out of the resort heading for the car a white stretch limo rolled
up to the curb. The door was opened by the driver who said he had been
sent to pick up Miss Aronesti. I was all set to get in when I saw that the
limo was nearly full with the six female co-stars that were in the video with
Alicia. There was only room for her. As she got in, the other girls immediately 
started fooling around with her. She was nicely dressed compared to most of
them and they had her dress nearly off almost by the time the driver had
closed the door. 


"Where do they find these nymphos?", I remember thinking as they drove off. 


Samantha and I got in the rental car after loading the bags and rode to the 
factory listening to the radio. It was the first moment I fully realized how 
Alicia's life had changed...forever.


                                *******
Alicia disappeared into a rehearsal set almost immediately after arriving.
She had to do a scene in her school uniform to set up the locker room
shot yesterday. It was all lame dialogue and such, not exactly Merchant and
Ivory, but honest. The scene was shot with Rachel, the AD, actually directing
this time. Juliette preferred working on the hard-core scenes. The others
tended to depress her according to Rachel. 


Then it was off to do another setup scene for the big messy finale to be 
shot around five. Alicia was to wear a silver metallic prom gown that hugged 
her like a second skin, with shimmery thigh-top nylons and matching shoes. 
With her hair piled elegantly atop her head and in full evening makeup she 
was a queen. 


Samantha and I kept out of the way as she rehearsed her lines with the six 
other girls in the shot. There were two that actually looked about Alicia's 
age, the others were hardly high school material but nobody would really 
notice  much once the clothes started coming off. 


It was nearly time for the final scene and Juliette had come down to get set 
up. She came over to me and Samantha, sitting on a table near the set.


"Hi Chris! Hope you're ready for some real wild fun today." 


I couldn't tell from her expression if she meant the scene or something else. "And


"This must be Alicia's mom, Samantha is it? You must be so...thrilled
to have a daughter as beautiful and talented as Alicia with such an...
appetite for...pussy?" 


Her eyes held Samantha's for a moment. There was no sense pretending this 
was Hollywood. Juliette wanted to understand what Samantha was really doing 
here and to test her resolve to endure it. It was hard for her to imagine 
how a mother could watch with dispassion as her own daughter performed sex 
acts in public for money. 


Rather than being shocked, Samantha welcomed Juliette's tough, brutal honesty.
She had been pretending far too long herself about her feelings and her life 
and it was a relief to be direct with another woman.


"I just want what's best for Alicia. If she's half as passionate fucking
other women and men in your video as she was with me, her mother, in our bed 
last night, I know she will bring pleasure to everyone that sees her."  


Juliette was impressed. There were lines even she had never crossed in her
long, hedonist private life, dark places that she had refused to explore. 
Incest was one of these. Not in real life anyway. Aunt Peg...Taboo...  
that was all just so much play acting and fantasy. When she occasionally
crossed paths with people who had been to these places she always felt 
admiration and even...reverence. She gave Samantha a small kiss of 
spiritual kinship. 


"I heard about your...incontinence...problem over at the resort. Very kinky.
I don't suppose this bad boy had any part in it now, did he?" she asked 
Samantha rhetorically as she squeezed my ass through my jeans hard enough 
to hurt.


"I could never do that on camera the few times I was asked. Just wouldn't 
come out when the director told me to do it. Now C.J., C.J. Laing. There was 
a girl that could pee on cue like a fire hydrant. Too bad about the drugs 
though. God, what a fuck up." 


After pausing a moment she continued, 


"Well, got to go. Nice meeting you Samantha. Very nice. Oh, you're both 
invited to the wrap party after the last shot. And Chris, don't forget our 
little soiree. I can't let little Alicia have your big, beautiful cock all 
to herself now can I? Byeee." 


She headed back to her director's chair ready for Scene 50.


The set was a remarkable reproduction of an institutional kitchen all in
stainless and tile. There were overhanging ventilation hoods with pots and
pans dangling beneath, and a large industrial mixer with a 15 gallon 
stainless bowl which sat on its own stand on the floor. 


Layed out on the stainless counter tops were about five grand worth of every 
kind of cream pie, frosted cake, and gooey whipped cream pastry imaginable. 
They were under plastic sheeting to keep fresh until the scene was started. 


There was also a false floor of vinyl tile on top of a layer of plastic 
sheeting which protected the wood sound stage floor beneath. There would be 
three cameras for this scene, two hand-held that were wrapped in plastic 
wrap as well except for the lenses. The plastic wrap wouldn't crinkle on 
mike the way the plastic sheeting would. I half expected Gallagher to show 
up with his mallet for this scene but Juliette had something hotter in mind.


The "talent" for the finale would include Alicia and her six new nympho
girlfriends all of whom were already experienced in the porno industry.
They arrived giggling and adjusting their costumes and lingerie with a kind
of anxious energy that infected the whole crew. 


Alicia fit right in helping one girl with her zipper and another with a 
faulty garter tab that kept slipping off the nylon stocking it was supposed 
to hold. Alicia's silver mettalic sequened gown with stockings and silver 
heels was spectacular but the other girls were beautifully decked out as well.
One dark beauty was in a burgundy and black velvet gown, and another darker 
blond girl with enormous tits was wearing a black satin evening gown with 
seamed hose and strap high heels.


There was an all white lace ruffled gown with thin spaghetti straps worn
by a very tall, statuesque brunette with the most perfect shapely legs I
had ever seen. She was an exercise instructor at the resort when she wasn't
doing porno. All of them had on evening makeup with their hair either
piled high or hanging sensuously in long falls or curls. Even the jewelry
was dressy and sparkling, with simulated diamonds and pearls adorning their
ears and swinging suggestively against their bare necks below.


The prop master then briefed them on where things were and what to look out
for once things got hot and heavy.


"Don't whatever you do get any of the salad oil in your eyes or we'll have
to stop and rinse it out. And don't swallow any of the stuff that goes up...
anyone's...well, you know the rules. Its not very healthy and we don't want
people showing up with E-coli infections. 


Now, up here in the cabinets are the large cans of stuff, chocolate syrup, 
honey, salad oil, and my favorite, chocolate and vanilla pudding. These are 
gallon cans with the lids already off and filed so nobody will get cut on 
the edges. They've been sitting in the lights a while so they shouldn't be 
real cold but don't count on it. The brownie mix is in the big stainless 
mixer bowl but don't dump that until Juliette says, and be careful, 15 
gallons of chocolate brownie mix weighs about 50 pounds. Now, for the water 
system...".


As he continued the girls were squealing and laughing at what they were
going to do like kids waiting for a birthday party. Juliette was about
ready and the crew was in position. 


The premise was that the girls were at the prom but decided to vandalize all 
the party stuff in the kitchen to get back at the principal and...so on. 


To me there was really only one partof the scene that would take real 
imagination. Everybody already knew how the scene would start with all the 
pretty girls parading ominously through the pastries and deciding where to 
strike. And everybody knew where things were going to end up, in a total, 
fucking mess. The real trick would be to connect the two visuals in a way 
that made it believable and...sensual.


"Lights."
"Roll tape."
"Speed."
"Slate."
Beep, beep, beep, BOOOOP.
"Action."


The girls came in on tiptoe and flipped on the dummy light switch. The set 
was illuminated fully and the time clock on the lifespan of the five thousand
dollars worth of pastries started ticking down. 


There was some dialogue and a few camera relocations before things got 
serious. One of the girls strolled slowly by a large iced cake and swiped a 
long finger full placing it in her mouth and savoring the sweet taste. Then 
another began licking the creamy edge of a puff pastry getting traces of the 
white whipped cream on her mouth and nose. So far the dieter's in the 
audience were getting excited but still no sensuous transition. 


Then, calling up some inner childish, animal genius Alicia set up in her 
mind the moment of truth.  She was leading the story from silly to sensuous 
and Juliette, always the pro, followed her with two cameras. 


She glided over to one of the stainless steel cabinets above the counter and 
opened it. It was high enough to make it difficult for her, even in her heels,
to reach up and bring down the heavy cans. 


The camera followed up her arm to her hand as it traced up the side of a 
large one gallon industrial can of chocolate syrup, trying to reach it and 
take it down. A wide shot showed her extended, stretching and pulling up the 
hem of her silver gown over her white and silver thigh top stockings. Her 
right heel popped out of her silver pump as her stretch reached a climax. 


With exquisite timing, she hooked her index finger over the edge of the large 
can and...tipped it on its side against the shelf.


A dark chocolate ribbon of sticky sweet syrup cascaded from the shelf and
ran perfectly over Alicia's exposed neck. Her low cut gown and full cleavage
provided the perfect channel for the syrup, funneling it between her
breasts. As the camera pulled back it showed her dress amazingly clean with
the brown torrent draining down the front of her tight dress. What it also 
showed was the exquisite pleasure and surprise in Alicia's young face as 
the cool, thick syrup spread inside her dress, over her breasts, down
her warm belly and back, down the crack of her ass, unimpeded by panties, and
between her thighs. 


It was all happening inside her silver evening dress in slow motion and yet 
we felt every drop against her skin from her expression of rapture. The 
camera slowly panned down to her legs as the sticky chocolate streamed from 
her hem in front and back and ran down the insides of her parted legs, 
pooling between her silver pumps in a brown puddle. 


Climbing up on the counter she cautiously brought down the next can to be 
'experienced', USDA 100% Pure Honey. She sat on the counter, her silver gown 
now tugged up and her legs spread to show the brown stains down her upper 
thighs, the ruined stockings, and her pink shaved vagina perfectly 
lit from the front by the fast thinking crew. 


She threw back her head and tipped the entire gallon can down her front 
closing her eyes in delight. Looking up her gown, the ribbon of golden honey 
could be seen descending slowly across her spread lips like a transparent 
curtain. The thought on every man and woman's mind at that moment could only 
be, "Oh God, what must that feel like!" 


She lowered the straps of the silver gown to reveal her glistening breasts, 
their nipples full and ripe from their cold annoiting. She cupped her 
breasts underneath and slid her hands over her slippery flesh then reached 
down inside her gown. Her hand was visible from the low angle as she pried 
open her labia and massaged in the chocolate and honey. She then took her 
hand out and brought it to her lips, licking the strange mixture of chocolate,
honey, and her own woman's wetness from each finger.


As the other girls took the cue, the gowns and undies started coming off
and the scene turned to pastry. The voluptuous dark blond had a shaved
pussy as well and made good use of it. She positioned her bottom directly
above a very large banana cream pie on the floor and, at Juliette's visual
cue, proceeded to sit directly in it, driving the cream filling and whipped
topping up over her belly and ass. Alicia, now nude except for her thigh
tops, joined her on the floor and began eating the cream from between
her open legs. The blond was genuinely turned on and Alicia wanted
desperately to lick her to orgasm but, alas, there were so many pastries
and so little time.


Two girls got on the floor together in panties and bras while a third dumped
a two gallon can of salad oil over their hair and bodies. They fell onto
each other, pressing and rubbing their breasts and nipples against the
other's as the white bras and panties became transparent from the oil.


Alicia took a large chocolate cake with chocolate icing and mashed it
against the breasts of another brunette smearing it down her entire front
and licking the sweet icing from her pert nipples. Cans of chocolate 
pudding then appeared poured over the writhing bodies of two girls now
locked in 69 position and determined to get each other off no matter what
the fucking director asked for. 


It was soon clear the girls had made as much a mess as they could with the 
pastries and were so horny all they really wanted to eat was each other. 
Juliette insisted they dump out the vat of brownie mix which spilled on the 
floor and formed a big brown puddle for Alicia and her blond friend to 
wrestle in. 


It was funny how the girls naturally found partners they preferred from the
bevy of equally gorgeous nymphs. Call it chemistry. With the scene of
utter debauchery 'in the can' Juliette whispered some last instructions 
to the crew in their headsets and shouted, 


"Cut." 


A brief moment of silence followed as the tape technician verified a good 
signal and sound on the tape with a ten second playback. Then Juliette gave 
the signal that the whole crazy crew had been waiting two weeks for.


"Ok kids. We're clear. Everybody out of the pool. That's a wrap."


Before leaving the set the girls were treated to a quick cold water hose
down that served two purposes. First, it knocked off most of the big 
chunks of cake and icing from their body cavities so they wouldn't be
dropping pieces in the hall on their way back to the dressing rooms. Second,
the cold water subdued some of their raging hormones long enough to get
them off the set in the first place so the crew could begin breaking it
down. They lined up one by one and got hosed, squealing and laughing
as the spray jet shot cold water through their hair, between their legs, 
and across their ass cheeks.


I stayed back letting Alicia have her fun. I noticed as she left the set
she was holding hands with the buxom blond older girl she's gone down on
in the scene. It was almost like a school mate or something but it also
helped steady them both as they walked across the slippery mess.


Juliette disconnected herself from the headset and got up out of her
chair.


"I have some business to attend to but I really do want to talk with you...
personally upstairs in my office...say in about half-an-hour. We can
come back to the party after we're done...talking", she said to me between
interruptions from the crew's last minute requests. 


I nodded and she was gone.


"Well Samantha, how'd you like the scene. Wasn't Alicia fabulous?", I said
as she walked up to me from where she had been viewing the scene.


"Pretty wild...Alicia was always such a neat girl. It must have been
a hoot to just let go and make a mess like that. Did you see when the
honey went down her dress? I had shivers just watching her face and 
imagining the sensation of...still. I didn't see her come at all in the
scene, did you?"


"You're right. She was turned on but they kept interrupting everyone before
they could get off. I bet she's really wound up."


Then, in a moment of candor, I changed the subject.


"You know, Samantha, at some point this whole wild thing has got to end.
I mean, since I came down and fucked Aunt Carol, and then Alicia came, and
now with you getting involved and all...I feel like I've been caught up
in some giant, perverted tornado like in the Wizard of Oz...at some 
point...we all have to go back to Kansas. I've really been thinking...
maybe Alicia and I should...get married...you know, once she graduates.
You'd be a great mother-in-law.", I said smiling.


"Only if you let me come along on the honeymoon. We could all share the
wedding night together couldn't we, darling. Chris, listen to me. You're
both way too young for marriage. You've got school and Alicia...she has
the talent to really make something exciting of her life. Don't clip her
wings so soon, sweetheart. 


For me, I've spent too many years in Kansas and, fuck it Chris, I'm never 
going back. I decided that the night your aunt called and we got into it 
again. I had never masturbated on the telephone with anyone, man or woman, 
before that night and it awakened something in me that I thought was long 
dead. You helped me to so much last night darling I can't tell you. I found 
that it was all right to be the woman I wanted to be and not some socially 
acceptable stereotype. 


When I was nine or ten I went to visit my cousins up state. They
had four kids, two girls and two boys. The boys were older than me,
twelve and eleven, and the girls were my age and younger. My cousin
Emily was my age and had long red hair that she wore in braids. 


We had all gone to the beach one day and had been playing in the sand and 
teasing Emily's brothers. At one point I had to pee and I told Emily and we
decided to take her little sister with us behind the bushes to pee since
there were no bathrooms on the beach. We all walked back together and
took off our suits so we wouldn't mess them. 


There was a little sand pit that the three of us stood around and we linked 
arms and just started peeing...three little girls just having an innocent 
pee. Emily and I just had the beginnings of pubic hair, peach fuzz, but 
her sister was still smooth. Breasts were still a couple years off. 


I looked up at one point and I could see my boy cousins under a bush watching 
us like that and...I felt aroused for the first time I could remember...not
just an innocent tickle but the real thing...a hot flush of sensation in
my clit and inside my abdomen that made me want to touch myself. I was
looking over at Emily and she could see the expression on my face but we
just stood there in silence. I guess she saw them too because she got mad
and chased them off and then we got dressed. I used to think about that
day when I would lay in bed at night. I wanted so badly to really do it
and I stopped myself...like a good girl.


Last night you took me back to that beach...to that first intense sensation
when I discovered what a woman's...a grown woman's body could experience.
Whatever you and Alicia eventually do, I will support you. But I can't
go back to where I came from. Not any more."


"There's someone I'd like you to meet. You feel like your up for a little
fun. Wait here and I'll see if I can...fix you up for the party."


I grabbed a two paper cups from the back table filled with refreshments for
the cast and crew. Then I walked over to Trey, the thin, tall black stud that
had taken Alicia's anal virginity in front of me yesterday. He was bullshitting
with some white girl who was in the process of brushing him off coldly.


"Trey. Chris. Remember me. Alicia's boyfriend."


"Chris, yeah, my man. You like our scene man. She is gonna be big in this
biz, you watch."


"I wanted to ask you something but I didn't get to talk to you after the
scene. You fucked Alicia in both her pussy and her ass. Is it...like...
different...you know...how does it feel different?", I asked as I handed him 
one of the paper cups in my hand.


"You mean you ain't done that little woman up the ass yet. Chris, you're
leading a deprived existence. Yeah, it feels different, sure. More with
older women you know, when they get fucked out in their pussies their asses
still are...tight. 'Course Alicia, now she's special, you know, she got that
pussy muscle thing and being young and all its pretty much a tie in my
book. You saying she ain't done anal until me?"


"Not that I ever heard about. She was an anal virgin till you popped her
yesterday, right in front of me."


"Hey, no hard feelings, man. Its a job but somebody gots to do it. I got to
admit she really got me off with her pussy squirting and the way she dug
it. See, women don't get the same pleasure from anal as pussy sex. Its more
just the nastiness of it like admitting they're this fucking animal inside
instead of a good girl. Virgin-whore, virgin-whore, that's the whole trip
with these girls. You and me we'd go out and play ball or get in a fight
or something to just get the energy out...but these women...they just
use the sex...like they was getting back or something." 


He took a sip from the cup I'd brought him.


"I see you found the drink...pineapple juice...man, the ladies just love that
come when it tastes like pineapple juice."


"There's a lady I'd like you to meet. The brunette in the white see-through
dress over by the wall."


"Mrs. Robinson? That's what we call older chicks that get off with porno
people. She fucking you?"


"That's Alicia's mom, Samantha, and yeah, she's fucking me...she's even
fucked with her daughter and me. Does this interest you?"


"Whoa, you into some real heavy shit there. You sure she likes...dark
meat? Don't want trouble, you know, with the authorities."


"Right now she would fuck a horse if she could find one. Come on, I'll
introduce you." 


I strolled back to Samantha with Trey in tow and introduced him to her. 
Her expression said it all...no problem.


"I've never seen a black man's...of course everyone thinks that they're so
much...larger, but its' just a myth isn't it?" 


As they casually walked toward where the party would be I was sure Trey 
would be correcting Samantha's misunderstanding very soon.


"Chris, over here." 


It was Alicia all washed up and pretty in her tiny chemise dress and 
platform heels. She had on a pair of black suspender hose this time. Her hem 
fell just below the darker reinforced portion of her hose at the tops of her 
thighs. She was still holding hands with the voluptuous, absolutely perfect, 
buxom blond girl she had done the scene with, now washed and made up and 
dressed in a black lightweight dress, incredibly short with a loose pleated 
skirt that barely covered her black stocking tops and garters when she was 
standing straight up. Next to her was a guy about 30 with long black curly 
hair that covered his ears. He was in good shape but not a muscle freak. I'd 
seen him in the video booth with the technical crew.


"Chris, this is Kimberly and her husband Jim. Kim had been in a bunch of 
these videos and she is so hot...I just love her, and Jim is with the video 
crew."


Kim made some motions with her hands and Jim translated.


"Kim says she saw you at the resort fucking Alicia's mom in the window and 
she said she had to meet you in a hurry. Anybody that crazy must be a great
fuck." 


Kim was hearing impaired. She could speak a little but used Jim
to communicate her Amslan. Looking at her sparkling blue eyes and full,
voluptuous lips I wished to God I had learned Amslan so I could tell her
how beautiful she was without words. Of course, there are other ways of
non-verbal communicating.


Alicia told me that Kim and Jim lived up at Lake Arrowhead and just came
down for work. Jim was watching Alicia's mouth as she talked and I knew
he was as smitten with her as I was with his wife, Kim. Kim broke in and
Jim translated.


"We want you two to come stay with us for a long weekend up at Arrowhead.
We can do some of the clubs and kind of flirt...and get into it. Jim really
likes watching me get off with other guys and I know he'll enjoy watching
us fuck". 


She was looking at me as she signed but it was Jim's voice that
I heard. It was wild, but confusing. I also assumed by "us" she was
including Alicia and that Jim was going to fuck Alicia. Actually, I liked 
the idea. He was good looking and healthy and I know she'd really get off
with him. I wasn't worried about losing her, he had his hands full with his
own wife, Kim.


Jim said we should all go over to the Club at the other end of the studio
where the wrap party was getting under way. We could experiment a bit
and see if the chemistry was there. The Club was built just for the porn
crew and, as a special, invitation-only treat, couples from the resort who
weren't in the business but just liked "swinging" and stuff. Then he
described the central feature of the Club.


"It's really state-of-the-art with a great sound system and D.J. The really
cool part is the dance floor. Its about twenty by twenty and its solid 
acrylic...you know...transparent. Its built over this carpeted pit with
cushions and ledges in it where people can just lounge and...experiment...
while looking up and...enjoying the view as the ladies dance overhead. Its
a real turn on for the girls who like to show off and it ain't bad for the
dudes either. Kim wouldn't miss it. Its so hot without panties but some
of the women, like in the crew, aren't quite that...free."


I was sold but I had one other piece of business to attend to...and it
didn't involve Alicia. I explained that I had to talk to Juliette, the 
director, and said I'd join them when I was done. Then Kim spoke through Jim.


"Juliette asked to see you? She only does that for special people. I can't
believe she's going to fuck you. She's like a goddess around here. You better
tell us everything when you get done."


"She's sort of...old...isn't she Chris?", Alicia broke in. "I mean my mom is
older but Juliette...its about a forty year difference. Does she turn you
on?"


"When I look at her it triggers something from my memory that I can't 
explain. Its not her body alone...she's still pretty healthy...its that
image of Aunt Peg, with the mirror between her legs...yeah, she turns me
on." 


Alicia and Kim and Jim followed Samantha and Trey out the back of the
set and toward the Club. It was quiet on the set and only the maintenance 
lights were on. I went up the stairwell to the mahogany and leather appointed
suite that served as Juliette Anderson's executive director's office.

















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com
site mirrors at:
http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/mirrors.htm

Be There.....