Copyright © 1998,   (Jeune Amant-Chan).  ALL Rights Reserved
The following story is being published anonymously for the author (Jeune Amant-Chan) 
by Mr Double (mrdouble@mrdouble.com).  




                                              WARNING!

     This story contains sexual scenes involving minor children and teens, both
boys and girls. This story also contains graphic descriptions of both the 
male and female bodies, things that would make Senator Exon and his 
idiotic bible-thumping cronies want to get re-baptized a thousand times over.
If you find this type of material offensive, exit now and read absolutely NO 
FURTHER. Also, if you're under the age of 18 or the legal age in your country, 
do not read any further than this. I MEAN IT!!!

     Let me make it very clear that I do not advocate the breaking of any laws
in your state or country, no matter how stupid or idiotic they may seem, or
how much your government is trying to take away your right to do what you
feel is appropriate. Look, it's just not worth it, no matter how much pleasure 
you get. Believe me. Please jack off as much as you want to and derive as much
pleasure as you can from this this story, whether you're a guy or a girl. I know
I did while I was writing it down. :)

     I won't say whether or not the events contained in this story actually 
happened or not. They may have happened entirely, or none of them may be 
true. Maybe someday, if people actually care, I'll put together a list of which 
stories happened to me personally, and which ones I made up from my own 
mind. But for now, I'll keep you guessing.

                                   Jeune Amant-Chan

Carrie and Me (Part I)
By Jeune Amant-Chan

     I met Carrie while playing around on AOL one day about a year ago. 
Just went into one of the chat rooms, and there she was. We clicked almost 
immediately, and we became friends. 
     First, let me tell you a little about Carrie and myself. She is 14, I
am 15. She has beautiful shoulder-length blonde hair, and I have short 
brown hair. She has sexy green eyes, I have dark brown ones. She is fairly 
short (around 5'3") and I am tall (6') As you can imagine, we're worlds 
apart.
     But we're not completely different. We both live in the same town of 
the same state. We both have big families--three siblings each, all younger.
And we love each other.
     AND we share something that unites us--a dirty little secret that 
neither of us was comfortable with discussing until we met each other. You
see, both Carrie and I are sexually attracted to kids. For both of us,
this means not only kids our age, but younger, about as far as you can go.
For me, the younger the child, the more I was turned on; for Carrie, it's

all the same to her.
     We had been chatting awhile between one another that first time, when
I asked her one of the routine questions, "where do you live?" She told me
what state, and I replied that I lived in the same state. The rest of the
conversation went like this:

PETER5735: Really! I live in the same state! What town?
CARRI4741: Portsmouth *
PETER5735: Me too!
PETER5735: I think I've gotta meet you.
CARRI4741: I think I'd like to meet you, too. You sound like a nice guy.
PETER5735: Thanks :) You sound like a nice girl
 
* (Not the real name of our hometown)
...

     It was then that I took the time to look at her profile, a feature on
AOL. It seemed pretty normal and was actually turning me on, reading the
description of my type of girl. And then I got to the "Comments" section.
Underneath, it said: "Looking for guy m/13-16. No pedophiles...unless
you're a GOOD pedophile."
     This immediately raised my eyebrow as well as my cock, as I realized
that there might possibly be someone else...a GIRL...that felt the same as
me. With shaky fingers, I typed in the instant message box: "'Good pedo-
philes'? Is there such a thing? Are you into that kind of thing?"
     Her response was curt, yet revealing: "So what if I am?"
     I seized the opporunity. "I am too, I think," I typed.
     After a few confidence-shattering seconds (I thought she was about to
report me to the AOL nazi police brigade or worse, the REAL police), she
replied: "Oh my god. You mean you like..."
     I finished her sentence. "kids? Yeah, I do. What about you?"
     The reply was immediate: "Yeah. Omigod, this is so cool. I thought
no one else ever felt this way."
     "I know. I thought that, too."
     Actually, this was a half-truth. I knew that it happened, but not with
normal people (which Carrie seemed to be).I mean, I had heard about the 
many incidents of adults having sex with or molesting kids, so I assumed 
that the only people that felt that way about kids were sickos and crazies. 
This led to me feeling bad and dirty whenever I thought about having sex
with a child, and I spent quite a portion of my early teen years wondering
if I was going to end up on the six o'clock news one day, being carted off 
to jail. To say the least, these were very anxious times for me.


SIDE NOTE (ABOUT ME)

     I can't say that there was any one specific moment where I became 
attracted only to kids. As a child myself, I was fairly normal. The one 
thing that I remember, though, was that I masturbated quite a lot, like 
4 or 5 times a day (which is a lot for a young boy). I can't quite remember
when I discovered it, either. It must have been when I was four or five, 
and certainly was when I was on the toilet, that much I do recall. Like 
many little boys, I masturbated for the pleasurable spasms that would rush
through my little penis (which couldn't have been longer than an inch and
a half or so, hard). 
     As I got older, I began experimenting with different ways of jacking 
myself off--sometimes I would stick my finger up my bottom and rub my balls.
Other times, I would be in the bathroom and I would wrap my little ass in 
toilet tissue, making a paper diaper securely taped together with scotch 
tape. Then I would piss all over myself, letting the tissue turn yellow, 
and sometimes would push out my little plops of shit, rubbing it all over 
my ass as I came. Sometimes, I would take the easy route, taking a cloth 
diaper left over from when I was a baby and rubbing myself in it until I 
came, taking in the pleasurable soft cottony feel. One time, I even peed 
into a cup and drank a big swigful of my own urine (I didn't like it). 
Despite all this sexual activity, though, I never ended up with a diaper
fetish or any other such fetishes.
     When I got into elementary school, I had the normal little crushes on
girls in my class. One of the things I now pride myself on is that I never
went through the "girls are icky" stage; I always had a fairly good 
relation with all the girls in my classes. I never got to profess my love
to any of these girls, though. 
     As I got older and moved into junior high, though, I found that the
types of girls that I liked hadn't changed--I still thought that fourth
and fifth graders were cute, pretty, etc. This wasn't so much of a problem,
because being in the sixth, I was only one grade ahead, and I figured I 
would change. But I didn't. I think I realized that I truly liked younger
girls when I was twelve or so, the summer that I had my first fully "wet"
orgasm. I still figured I would change. But I didn't.
     I should note that I was never sexually abused in any way, nor was I
ever physically harmed. I just felt this way, and I didn't know WHY. 
Eventually, I stopped asking and just accepted my feelings. And that's
when I met Carrie.

     After a few more converstaions every Friday night, we decided to meet 
one Saturday in a large public mall at the center of the town. I saw her at 
a table in the food court, but didn't know it was her. The girl at the 
table looked like her description, but I couldn't tell for sure. Finally, I 
gathered up enough courage to go over and talk to her.
     "Um, excuse me. Are you Carrie?"
     She looked up. "Oh my god, Peter, is that you?"

     "Yeah."
     We sat there speechless for a second. She was the most beautiful girl
I had ever seen in my entire life, and I just couldn't say anything. 
Finally, she spoke up.
     "Umm...you know how we were talking on the computer about...well, you
know..." She blushed.
     "Yeah, I remember."
     "Well, um, I was going to wait until later to ask you this, but well...
maybe you can come back to my house and we can talk for a while. About..."
She searched for the right word. "...stuff."
     My heart jumped right through my throat and probably lodged itself in
my brain for a second. I mean, I had done things with girls before (kissing
only, though) but no one had ever invited me to her house before. Carrie 
looked up at me hopefully with her gorgeous green eyes, waiting for a 
response. When I had collected myself enough to talk, I said, "Yeah, I...
I would love that." 
     She smiled with her pink, round lips, a dazzling smile. I couldn't 
resist taking her hand as we got up and walked out of the food court and
into the street level. For a second, she looked up into my eyes as my hand
touched hers. And then, in that one instant, there was an unspoken 
understanding between us: we liked each other. She held my hand a little
tighter and kept smiling. 
     Carrie and I walked out of the mall and wound through the many 
sidewalks and paths that led to her house, all without saying a word. We 
got to her house and went straight inside to the kitchen, where we stood
for a second.
     "My parents aren't here now," she said, making my heart beat faster.
"They went to visit my aunt. They won't be back until late tonight."
     I paused. "Do you have any...um...brothers or sisters?" I asked.
     She smiled even wider. "Yeah. Do you?"
     "Yeah, I do too,"I said, getting hornier by the second. "How old are 
yours?"
     "My sister Jessie is 11, my other sister Courtney is 7. My brother
Adam is 5. What about yours?"
     "Well, my brothers are named Robby and Kenny. They're twins--they're
both six. And my little sister's three. Her name's Nikki."
     I paused for a second and let that all sink in. "So, um, where are
your brother and sisters now?"
     Carrie flashed a short, evil grin. "They aren't here, either. Jessie 
took them down to the park. They won't be back for a while, either," she 
said, edging closer to the kitchen door. "Um...wanna check out my room?"
     "Sure," I said, my cock rising instantly in my pants.
     We went out the kitchen door and entered Carrie's room, where the bed 
was near the very center, covered in a light blue bedspread. The walls were
covered with drawings, and a couple of nightstands sat next to the bed.

We sat down on the bad next to each other, and looked deeply into one 
another's eyes.
     I broke the silence. "So, how long have you felt this way about kids?"
I asked, taking her hand once again.
     "Practically forever," she said, blushing and looking down. "I mean...
um, I, you know, played with myself when I was little and...well, I had
a crush on this boy in my class and I always thought about him when I...
well..."
     "Masturbated?" I asked.
     She looked gratefully into my eyes and giggled. "Uh, yeah...
masturbated. And well, with my sisters around...I saw them naked a lot and
I started thinking about them too when I.." she paused. "..masturbated. 
And then, when my brother was born, I helped my mom change him sometimes
and I saw his weenie. It got hard one time, just like that, and I didn't 
know what was happening. I touched it. And I thought about him, too, when
I did it. I still do. It's just...sooo sexy," Carrie finished.
     "I do that, too. With my brothers and sister, I mean."
     We paused for a second and searched each other's eyes some more. 
Finally, I knew I had to tell her what I had been feeling ever since I had
met her in the mall.
     "Carrie?"
     "Yes, Peter?"
     It all came out in one burst. "Carrie I think you're the most 
beautiful girl in the entire world and I really like you."
     She smiled her golden smile, reached over and hugged me tight. "Ohh,
Peter, I like you too!" she said, her head sunk into my chest. "You're the 
best, most gorgeous guy I've ever seen, and I love you!"
     I hugged her back tightly, lovingly. Taking a chance, I rubbed her back
up and down soothingly, massaging feelings of love into her body. 
     She responded immedately by softly moaning in pleasure--not lewdly,
just quietly. Going a little further, I moved my head back a little and
nuzzled up to her forehead, planting a soft kiss right below her line of
golden blonde hair. She smelled so nice and sweet there, I lingered and 
inhaled her wonderful scent.
     Carrie slowly pulled back and looked up at me for a second, then leaned
over. Our lips met in a tight lock of passion, and I slowly moved my right 
hand lower to her tight bottom, my left one sliding up to support her head.
She didn't hesitate when I leaned back on her bed, gently pulling her on top
of me. I could tell that she could feel my throbbing cock pressed up against
her stomach, and that she liked it. Carrie came up to breathe and then came 
right back at my mouth, this time softly pushing her pink tongue into it. 
Our tongues intertwined and our saliva mixed as we succumed to passion. 
Carrie slowly lifted off my shirt and tossed it aside, nestling against my 
chest like a child on her father. She didn't even try to stop me as my 
roving hands penetrated her waistband and entered her shorts, feeling the 

rounded cheeks of her soft, silky bottom.
     I could feel her average-sized breasts through her bra, rubbing against
my chest. Her nipples were hard and erect and they made me want to rip her
clothes off right there and fuck her hard. But I exercised what little 
control I had remaining, and instead tried to move my hands down further 
into her pants. Unfortunately, due to their tightness, it didn't work. 
Carrie felt my hands getting lodged tightly down there and pulled hers off 
my shoulders, reached down and started undoing the button to her shorts. 
Then, she pulled down the zipper and opened them up fully. I couldn't
believe it! Here I was in a girl's bedroom, only fourteen years old, and a
girl was pulling down her pants for me!
     Carrie looked up at me contentedly with her dazzlng green eyes, giving 
me permission to go further. And I did, easing down her cottony pink panties
and slipping my fingers into the crack of her bottom, up at the top where 
the two cheeks met. It was so smooth and rounded, her white girl skin 
feeling so satiny and sexy, so unlike mine. The sexual feelings rippling
through her skin were so strong, they moved me to slip my hands down to the
bottom of her butt cheeks, moving my fingers in between her legs. 
     The wetness there was unbelieveable! My fingers quickly slid from the 
skin just in front of her anus, all the way to her moist outer lips. The
instant I touched her labia, she let out a soft, yet high-pitched squeal, 
like the kind that a little kitten would make. For that one second, I pulled
Carrie even closer, tighter, and stopped rubbing and kissing her, just 
holding her body in my arms. Nothing could in my entire life--then OR now--
could ever replace the intense feelings suring through my body--sexual 
desire and all-enveloping love for this girl mixed together.
     We lay motionless for a few seconds, drinking in each other's presence
and feeling each other's touch. Then Carrie said something that would
etch itself in my mind forever:
     "Peter...I've only known you for a few weeks...and I've only been with
you for a few minutes...but I know you're the one. I love you so much. 
You're the only one that's ever understood what I'm feeling. And I've never
felt this way before about ANYBODY! I...I guess what I'm trying to say is
that you're the only boy I've ever loved and...and I want you to be my 
first."
     I couldn't believe what I was hearing. "Your...your first?" I 
stammered.
     Our eyes met in an affectionate gaze. If I didn't understand what she
was saying with her words, those lovely green eyes made it clear: she wanted
me to do it with her.
     She spoke up again. "Yeah...um, I want to do it with you. Are...are
you a virgin like me?"
     I responded quickly. "Yes."
     "Please, Peter...do it with me...please?"
     I took my right hand off her rear and ran my wet fingers through her

soft blonde hair, caressing her bottom with my other hand.
     "I...I don't know," I faltered, not knowing what to say. "I mean, I
really want to. You're the sexiest girl I've ever seen. But...sex? I mean,
we could get in a lot of trouble and you could get pregnant. I wouldn't 
want to do that to you, Carrie. I love you too much."
     "I think I've got what we need," she whispered in my ear and pulled 
away, going over to the dresser next to the bed. Carrie opened the top 
drawer and pulled out a small wooden box, from which she extracted a square
plastic package and a tiny yellow tube.
     "What--what's that?" I asked. I knew, but I asked anyway.
     "It's a condom and some jelly," she said anxiously. "They're supposed
to keep a girl from getting pregnant."
     I was dumbfounded. "Where did you get those? I thought you said you
were a virgin."
     She looked down and blushed. "I am. But my cousin came to stay with us
a couple of months ago and we talked about boys and sex and stuff. And...
she gave me these things and told me how to use them," Carrie expained, 
pausing for a second. "So, um...will you do it with me now, Peter?"
     "Yeah," I responded, touching her hand with mine. "I will."
     We lay back again, and Carrie helped me undo the button on my pants
and then pulled them down, exposing my underwear. She paused momentarily
and gently rubbed my pulsing cock through the cottony briefs.
     "Ohhh...It's sooo hard!" Carrie exclaimed. "It's like...like a steel
bar!"
     "Yeah...oh, God..."
     Carrie began to freak out, looking very scared. "Ohmygod, Peter! I'm 
so sorry! Did I hurt you? What's wrong? I'm so..."
     "No, no, no...It's ok," I comforted her. "That felt really good. It's
like you stuck it in an electrical socket!"
     She calmed down again, and I pushed down my underwear, exposing my 
cock and scrotum, with its hairless base (which I had made a habit of 
shaving every week since I started getting hair there--it felt so much more
comfortable). We knew it was time. Opening the package with my teeth and one
hand, I slipped out the rubber sheath and carefully placed it on my super-
hard penis (which had, at that point, reached seven inches--longer than I
had ever been before). Carrie helped slide it on and adjust it properly. 
Then, she turned over on the bed and opened her legs as wide as she could,
baring her beautiful pink vagina lips and ruby red clit, surrounded by a
very light, barely visible peach fuzz. Carrie took the tube of jelly (which
I later discovered was spermicide) and squirted some on her moist pussy,
which was leaking its juices onto the bed, pushing the stuff deep inside of
her. Then, with one short glance at each other, we knew we were ready.
     I climbed up to her part of the bed and placed me hands next to 
Carrie's shoulders. She was still lying spread-eagle underneath me, with 
her bottom turned up just a little bit. I took the opportunity to guide my

throbbing penis to the mouth of her vagina and rubbed it up and down against
the slit for a few seconds, soaking it in her rapidly flowing juices. Then, 
in one move, I slid the head of my cock into her needy pussy, rendering me
about an inch inside of her. The feeling was incredible! The rippling tube
of love surrounded my penis head and contracted around it. The moment I
inserted it, Carrie started moaning louder than before, panting and crying 
out at the very same time. After a few seconds of pushing my way in and out
gently, I felt some resistance and I knew it was the "cherry" that I had
heard so much about from all the other guys, "how you could tell a girl's
a virgin," as they said. So she wasn't lying.
     As I touched my cock head to the tight wall inside her, Carrie yelped,
looking like she was in pain. 
     "Are you all right?" I panted out into her ear.
     "It hurts a little," Carrie moaned, showing her discomfort. "I think...
My cousin told me that it hurts a lot the first time when a boy breaks your
hymen, but..."
     "Should I stop?" I interrupted. "I don't want to hurt you."
     "No, please don't," she pleaded. Then Carrie looked up at me with her
big, angel eyes and said the words I was waiting to hear. "Do me. Please?"
     I leaned down and kissed her full on the mouth. "I love you, Carrie," 
I said, gently nuzzling my head around her neck. 
     With my bottom held high in the air I pushed forward, frantically 
trying to restrain myself from plunging ahead and ripping her apart. As I
clutched at her sides and massaged her beautiful breasts, I felt spmething
stretch around my penis and delicately tear, with a soft ripping sound. But
even though I tried to be gentle, Carrie screamed out loud, digging her
fingers into my back. Tears came to her eyes, and one rolled down her cheek.
     "I'm sorry! I tried to make it not hurt, I really did!" I exclaimed,
caressing her and trying to make her feel better.
     "I know you did, Peter," she said, tears now streaming down her face. 
"Can, um...can we stop for a second?"
     "Sure. Anything you want," I said soothingly, starting to pull out of
her.
     "No, no. Stop. Don't pull it out. Just hold still for a second,"Carrie said 
softly, weeping in pain. 
     I began kissing her again, this time touching my lips to her small 
upper one, and then to her lower one. Her sugary taste kept me from moving,
as I focused all of my energy on kissing her and not hurting her anymore.
My hands moved through her hair and felt her wrestling with the pain in her 
abdomen, her small tube clutching and then releasing involuntarily. After a
few minutes of this, the muscles in her shoulders and vagina started to 
relax, and she no longer looked like she was hurting. The tears began to
subside, and I moved my hand from her hair, wiping her eyes with my thumb, 
one first, and then the other.
     "Are you ok?" I asked, concerned.

     "Yeah, I'm fine now. Thanks for being so understanding," Carrie said,
smiling and squeezing me hard with a big hug. "I think I'm ready again."
     "I'm sorry it had to hurt so much," I said, thankful that she was ok.
"If I could have stopped it from hurting, I would have."
     Carrie kissed me again. "I know. But it won't ever hurt like that 
again, that's what my cousin said."
     While shifting to kiss her back, my penis slid in a little more, and
a loud, impulsive moan escaped Carrie's mouth, this time one of pleasure.
     "OHHHHHH...It feels so good now!" she exclaimed, sliding her hands
down my back and resting them on my side. "Move it in now, ok?"
     I was happy to oblige. Pushing hard, I found that my cock slid easily 
into Carrie's vagina, with all the extra fluid that I felt leaking out of
the opening. It took only one more push in and out to lodge my cock as far 
in as it would go, all the way to my balls. Her vagina was so tight, it 
was unbeleveable! Its walls pressed and kneaded my hard, spasming penis as
it pumped in and out, trying to make me cum. But I tried to control myself
and held back, having heard from the guys in my gym class that girls take
a lot longer to climax.
     Carrie was going wild as I thumped against her, pressing myself deeply
into her belly. She clutched at my sides, and then my shoulders, trying to
work out the feelings that were shooting through her body. Her legs kicked
and squirmed under me, and she finally pulled them up and wrapped them 
around my back, like an animal hanging on to its mother.
     I got an idea just as I pumped in for the fifth or sixth time. Kissing
Carrie briefly on the cheek, I unwrapped her legs and arms from me and moved 
back. I saw a look of panic cross her face for a second--I think she thought 
I was going to stop and abandon her. But instead, I sat on my legs, my cock
still tightly wrapped inside her, and began to thrust in and out that way.
Then I moved my hands to her thighs, lifting them up high in the air and 
resting her knees on my shoulders. Finally, I moved my hands down to her
privates (which, by that point, weren't very private anymore).
     I gave my fingers' attention to her clit, which had doubled in its size
since I last saw it, now as big as a shirt button! She squealed as I 
touched it directly, and I remembered something else I had learned about 
girls in sex ed: "the clit is the most sensitive part of the girl's body, so 
you never touch it on top, because it'll hurt the girl." But Carrie didn't
seem to mind too much. She just kept on moving her hips in time with my 
thrusts. I made sure, though, I would never make that mistake again. 
Instead, I started feeling her clit around the edges, and she squealed 
again, but this time, there was no trace of pain in her voice. Just extreme
pleasure.
     I could tell from her rapid thrusts--she was starting to get ahead of
me--that something big was about to happen. Thinking quick, I stuffed my 
thumbs in the creases between her thighs and her vulve and rubbed hard. 
What happened next absolutely defies description. Carrie screamed out loud,

squeezing my bottom cheeks HARD. Panting and screaming out her first orgasm
with a boy, Carrie went on for another minute, clutching at my cock with her
vaginal muscles. By this point, I couldn't hold on any longer. 
     I quickly returned her legs to their normal position, which immediately
wrapped back around my body. I began thrusting at Carrie's still spasming
vagina, pistoning in and out of her like there would be no tomorrow. She
could feel that I was about to cum, so she pulled as hard as she could on my 
bottom, driving my cock farther inside of her than ever before. Just as she
did, I could feel my load rising inside my abdomen, ready to come out. I
placed my mouth by her ear and moaned out loud. Carrie kissed me deeply and
held on for dear life as I pounded away to my climax. Finally, I couldn't 
stand the pressure any more and I let go, spraying my cum all over the
inside of the rubber. Four, five, six squirts shot out and I wasn't done
yet. I pumped out my white spermy load, counting each time I let my cock
shoot. By the time I stopped, fourteen spurts of semen loaded the condom
I was wearing, stretching the head considerably. 
     We lay completely exhausted, my cock still inside of her, as we rested. 
     "Thank you, Peter," Carrie said, giggling drunkenly. "That felt sooooo
GOOD! It was like being in heaven!"
     I was speechless for a second. "Yeah..." I said in a raspy, panting
voice. "Like heaven...You were GREAT!" 
     "You were, too," she said, kissing me lightly on the neck. "You're
the best guy in the world. You're so gentle, so sweet."
     "Thanks, I..."
     I stopped as I heard something rustling in the hall. Apparently, we
had been so engulfed in each other's bodies that we had shut out the entire
world, and hadn't heard the front door opening. Because there, standing in
the doorway, were two girls, one taller than the other, and a short boy--
Carrie's brother and sisters. And they had seen EVERYTHING.















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com
site mirrors at:
http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/mirrors.htm

Be There.....