Copyright © 1997, (Double Secret Author),  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




"Fun With Doggies"

Written by:  (Double Secret Author)

	Cheryl McGurn thought as she ran home from school that she had 
always liked animals. Even when she was little the pretty child had loved 
romping with the family pets. Now she was a big girl of eleven she still liked 
playing with them, but now she liked to play special games. She was glad her 
Daddy had a boarding kennel, where there were lots of dogs for her to play 
with. 

	As she went into the kennel she saw that the girl who helped her father 
with the dogs had left for the day, and there was a note on the table from her 
father that he would be back around six. Good, she thought, it's only four, I've 
got lots of time. She locked the door from the inside so she wouldn't be 
disturbed, and went out to the kennel area where she picked out a Great 
Dane and a Golden Lab and took them into the grooming room. Then the 
eleven year old girl took off all her clothes.

	She lay down on a foam mat of the floor and let the two dogs smell her 
all over, spreading her legs and letting them both get a good sniff in between 
the thick bulges of her hairless cunny lips. She let a little piss dribble out her 
peehole and watched as the two dogs put their noses right up against her to 
sniff the young girl's urine. The small stream of piss dribbled down her crack 
past her cunny hole. The Great Dane snuffled her and Cheryl reached down 
and held her cunny crack wide open so he could get his nose right up to her 
private parts. She let a little more piss out and the dog stuck his tongue out 
and lapped at it, making Cheryl suck in her breath and twitch at the feeling. 
Wow she thought, He likes my pee! The young girl let her piss dribble out 
slowly and the dog lapped and licked at it and her tender young cunny. When 
she had finished peeing she looked up underneath the dog and saw the huge 
animal had an erection.  His penis was protruding from the fuzzy brown 
sheath that hung beneath his belly, a good eight inches long and tapering 
from the deep pink tip to a thickness of about an inch and a half at the base. 
She urged him nearer and gently touched the animal's penis, lifting it and 
caressing it as the animal stood still beside her.
	Cheryl liked to masturbate dogs. The pretty child loved to lie down all 
naked and fondle a dog's dangly sheath until he got an erection and his penis 
slid out into the open. She liked to see how long and thick she could get it, 
just by playing with it and with his balls, and then she would gently 
masturbate the animal until he shot his cum. She liked to watch the long 
streams of whitish-clear liquid squirt from the animal's cock to land in sticky 
clumps wherever she pointed it. Sometimes she would lie him down on his 
side so he could thrust his hindquarters back and forth and make his cock 
slide back and forth inside her hands, and sometimes she would lie down and 
get the dog to stand straddling her, so that when he shot his cum she could 
make it squirt all over her naked body. She had found that two dogs at a time 
was best, because after one dog had squirted his semen onto her, the other 
one usually liked to lap it up, and if she squirted it onto her titty bumps and her 
cunny crack, the dog gave her a nice licking.
	David McGurn parked the truck out by the entrance to the boarding 
kennels he owned and came in the back door. He heard a small scuffling 
noise in the grooming area and looked around the corner. His eleven year old 
daughter was lying naked on a foam mat on the floor, facing away from him. A 
Great Dane was standing straddling the young girl's slender body, and the 
young girl was masturbating him with both hands. "Come on, doggy, come 
on," she said, "Let's see all that lovely stuff come squirting out that nice big 
thing of yours. Splash it all over my titties and my trickle!" As David watched 
the dog shivered and a long stream of clear liquid shot out from the tip of his 
penis and splashed against his daughter's chest. The dog whimpered as the 
girl kept masturbating him and made a second large jet of semen spurt out . 
She pointed the stream of animal cum at her naked cunny, gasping with 
pleasure as the hot sticky liquid hit her on her tender private parts. David 
watched his daughter cover her sex parts with dog cum, and then when he 
was finished the Golden Lab came over and sniffed her, licking and lapping 
up the other dog's cum from the girl's body. When he was finished Cheryl was 
writhing with the pleasure of her orgasm, and the dog had an erection, so 
Cheryl gently masturbated him till he came. This time she made all the dog 
cum squirt straight onto her cunny, which she rubbed with one hand while she 
masturbated the dog with the other.
	David made a little noise and Cheryl turned around and saw him 
standing there, holding onto his erection as he watched his daughter 
masturbating the dogs.	
	Cheryl told her father about the first time she had done things with 
dogs. It had been on her trip to her uncle's farm the previous month. Her uncle 
bred Golden Labs, and he let the pretty young eleven year old  help him while 
she was there for her vacation.  He showed her how to clean out the cages 
and bath and brush the dogs. She helped his daughter Julie, who  was about 
the same age as Cheryl. After a couple of days Julie let her help her 
masturbate the male dogs. She explained that they only mated with the 
females when the females were ready for them and that in between times, the 
males had to be kept all ready. She told Cheryl how she got the cock all hard 
by playing with it and letting the dog smell her between her legs. Then she 
rubbed the dog's cock back and forth until the animal's thick streams of 
semen came shooting out. Julie told her cousin it was better if she was naked 
so that the stuff wouldn't make a mess on her clothes. "Anyway," she said, "I 
like making them squirt it at me, it feels nice when it hits me, and then they lick 
it off. Watch." The young girl slipped her T shirt off and pulled her shorts and 
underwear down and off. Cheryl looked at her  naked cousin. "You're starting 
to get nice tits," she said. Julie looked down at herself. "I know," she said, "It 
feels nice when the dog stuff hits them and when the dogs lick it off them it 
feels even better."
	Julie called one of the big dogs over and reached underneath him and 
fondled the sheath that hung beneath his fuzzy belly for a minute or two until a 
pink tip appeared at the opening and extended into view. "See how nice and 
big it gets when you play with it?" asked Julie. The dog's penis was about six 
inches long and tapered from a base about an inch across to a deep pink 
point. "What do you do now?" asked Cheryl, wide-eyed. The innocent young 
girl had never seen an erection on a man or boy before, let alone on a dog. 
"He likes it better when he's lying down," replied Julie, gently moving the big 
animal so he was lying on his side. This time when she began fondling the 
animal's penis he thrust his hips forward and back. "He likes helping me," 
said Julie. Soon his movements came faster and Julie said, "He's going to do 
it now, watch," and she moved closer and pointed the dog's penis towards 
her. A long squirt of a thick clearish-white fluid shot out the pink tip of the 
dog's penis and splashed against the eleven year old girl's naked titty bumps. 
"Wow!" said Cheryl, wide-eyed. "Ooo, that was a good one!" said  Julie as a 
second long stream of dog semen hit her on her belly and dribbled down. 
After three more long ejaculations the animal's penis stopped, and Julie let 
him lick his semen off her. 

	Then she let Cheryl  do it to one of the others. Julie showed her how to 
clean up the mess of dog cum by licking it off her fingers. "Actually," she 
admitted, "I usually suck them off so that stuff doesn't go all over the place. I 
don't like to miss any because it tastes so good."  "Does your Dad mind if you 
suck them off instead of masturbating them?" asked Cheryl. "Naw," replied 
Julie, "He doesn't care. He lets me do it to him, too." "Gee," said Cheryl, "Do 
you think he'd let me do it to him?" "Sure, I guess so," shrugged Julie, "Just 
tell him you're learning to jerk off the dogs, and ask him if you can practice on 
him and jerk him off." That evening after supper Cheryl found her handsome 
uncle in the TV room. "Uncle Jack, Julie's been teaching me how to jerk off 
the dogs, and I want to make sure I'm doing a good job. Can I do it to you and 
you can tell me if I'm doing it right?" 
	Uncle Jack looked at his eager niece. "Sure, honey," he said. "What do 
you have to do first?" "Get it all hard," replied the child. "How did you do that?Ó 
asked her uncle. Cheryl was feeling funny in between her legs. She wanted 
her uncle to look at her there. "I let him sniff my trickle," she replied, lifting her 
skirt to show her horny uncle her thin white cotton underpants. "Sounds good 
to me," said Jack, "You lie down and I'll play doggy. Woof woof!" Cheryl 
giggled as she lay down on the floor and flipped her skirt up to her waist. Her 
uncle knelt between his niece's outstretched legs and leaned forward. "I smell 
a nice young trickle here," he said, "Woof woof!" 
	Cheryl giggled as she watched her  uncle pretending to snuffle along 
her bare legs and up them towards her crotch. He sniffed her cunny through 
the thin material of her underpants, pressing his face into it and making 
growling sounds. "I know there's a trickle inside these underpants," he said in 
a growly voice, "I can smell it but I can't see it." "Oh!" said Cheryl, "Here it is, 
doggy," and she pulled the crotch of her underpants off to one side. "Woof 
woof, now I can see it," said the child's horny uncle as he looked at the tender 
hairless cunny. "I wonder what it smells and tastes like," and he prodded the 
child's sensitive cunny area with his nose and lips, then began licking up and 
down along her cunny crack. 
	"Oh, Uncle Jack! I mean Oh, doggy!" gasped the child as her uncle 
licked her hairless vulva. "That feels so good!"  The horny man licked all over 
his young niece's fat cunny lips, probing inside them at her little clitoris and 
tickling her pee hole with the tip of his tongue. "Oh, doggy!" repeated the little 
girl as her hips jerked up and down and she came. When she had got her 
breath back she looked at her uncle. "Oh, wow!" she said, "Did that ever feel 
good!" Then she remembered what she was supposed to be doing and 
looked at her uncle. "Did that make your thing - I mean your cock - all big and 
hard, Uncle Jack?" He smiled  and stood up in front of her. "You can see for 
yourself," he replied. Cheryl scrambled to her knees in front of her uncle. She 
was eager to see his cock, and pulled his pants and underwear down, 
releasing his cock which swayed out about her small face. "Wow, yeah!" she 
said, admiring the eight inches of the uncle's cock. 
	"See, you did a good job getting it all big and hard," he told her. "Now 
what are you going to do with it?" Cheryl looked up at him. "Julie said I could 
either jerk you off or suck it, is that right?" Jack's cock throbbed and jerked as 
the horny man thought of his lovely young niece's offer. "You can do both," he 
said, "You can start by jerking it, and then lick it all over and see how good 
you are at sucking it." At his suggestion they both took off all their clothes and 
as the fifth grader explored her uncle's big penis and fondled his balls he ran 
his hands over her small titty bumps and fingered her in between her legs, 
cupping her hairless cunny and slipping a finger into her slippery crack. He 
showed her how to masturbate him, and then how to lick and suck on the 
head of his cock as she pumped her hands up and down on his cock. 
	"You're doing a good job," he told her as she bobbed her head up and 
down on his thick cock, her lips stretched wide. She raised her head for a 
minute. "You can make your stuff go in my mouth," she said, licking her lips, "I 
tasted some of the dogs' stuff and I like the tast. I wanna see if yours tastes the 
same." Her uncle nodded and she put his cock back in her mouth and 
resumed sucking until he came with a flood of hot thick semen, coating her 
tongue and filling her mouth. "mmm, mmm, mmmf, glllrg!" she mumbled as the 
squirts of cum filled her mouth almost faster than she could swallow. When he 
was finished she licked the last traces off his cock and sat up, licking her lips. 
"Mmm, that was gooood, Uncle Jack!" she exclaimed. "Glad you liked it," he 
smiled back at her, "You can do that any time you want to." "Am I good 
enough to do it to the dogs?" she asked, her face serious. "Well, I think so," he 
said, "Tell you what, when you do it I'll take a video of you so we can make 
sure you're doing it right." 
	Cheryl thought this was a great idea so every time she and her cousin 
sucked off the dogs or jerked them off, Uncle Jack took a video. They watched 
them in the evenings, because the girls liked to play with themselves while 
they watched the red doggy cocks buried deep in the fresh young mouths, or 
the thick streams of gooey white animal cum spraying their faces and naked 
tits. After they had watched the videos and got themselves all horny, Uncle 
Jack would let them suck his cock while he fingered their little cunnies. 

	From then on Cheryl had loved to have all sorts of fun with doggies. 
She told her father that she would show him how she used to do things with 
nice Uncle Jack, and David let his little daughter take his cock out and kneel 
in front of him, looking up at him as she sucked on it. It wasn't long before 

the nice big warm thing in her small mouth went squirt squirt squirt and 

filled it up with that lovely slippery gooey stuff that she loved so much. 

Cheryl sighed with pleasure as she gulped down her father's sticky semen. 

She was so happy to have her Daddy's cock to suck on as well as the dogs'!















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....