Archive-name: 3plus/confess.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Kathy;s Confession


My name is Kathy (I'll just leave this on a first name basis) and live
in one of the suburbs of Dayton, Ohio.  I've read a number of stories of
sexual exploits on the local bulletin boards, some which obviously were
fantasies, some which I believed to be true.  After reading a few of
these, I debated telling "my story"...which occurred during my college
days which I think of as my "bad girl" days.  After thinking about it,
I've decided to go ahead and tell this story through a bbs because it
seemed the most anonymous way to do it.  I've told very few people,
but lately have had the urge to tell the story.

I came to Dayton in 1976 from Indianapolis to attend the University
of Dayton.  I was 18, just graduated from high school and wanting to get
away from home but not too far away, so Dayton seemed perfect.  I wasn't
a virgin, but wasn't terribly experienced sexually, either, having had
two serious boyfriends and one one-night-stand.  My senior year steady
had gone off to college in Michigan, so I felt like I was free to date
when I got to Dayton.  So, I moved out to Dayton and started college.
I've always been pretty outgoing, so I quickly made a number of new
friends, most of who liked to party.  Early in the first semester, I went
with three other girls in my class down to Flanagan's bar near campus.
We were there for awhile splitting pitchers of beer and got talking to
three guys sitting at a nearby table.  I hit it off with one of the
guys and spent a while talking to him.  He told me his name was Bob
and was down here visiting friends, but was a junior at Ohio Northern.
He was about 6', tanned and very muscular.  I was very attracted to
him and found myself thinking "Hmm, I don't know this guy very well,
but with a little effort on his part, I could be had tonight"...
We kept talking and he told me that he was very attracted to redheads.
(I should describe myself, I guess...I was 18, 5'7, 125lbs, 36-26-35,
red hair (carrot top))  After talking for awhile, he asked if I wanted to
leave...which we did.  We made some excuses to the others and left for
his car which turned out to be a van.  We got into the back of the van,
started kissing and he wasted no time in getting my blouse off of me.
By that time, I was very turned on and was kissing him passionately while
unbuttoning his shirt. I whispered "I don't normally let guys pick me
up in bars like this..."  He said that he believed me but was glad the
two of us had gotten together.  I slid his shirt off of him, revealing a
very muscular chest.  I was kissing his chest while he unsnapped my bra.
He gently maneuvered me onto my back and unsnapped my jeans.  At that
point, I was as horny as I could get, squirming to let him get my pants
off and saying "Bob, I want you, I want you so bad".  He quickly took
my panties off and then started undoing his belt.  I heard myself say
"Please let me do that".  He agreed and came closer, kneeling next to me.
I propped myself up and started undoing his belt, undid his pants and
unzipped him, dropping his jeans down around his knees.  I kissed his
stomach above his underwear band and said "Bob, let me blow you".  I got
no argument as I pulled down his underwear and started to suck, stroking
his balls with one hand and rubbing his ass with the other.  He positioned
himself on top of me, letting me suck while gently thrusting in and out
a little.  In high school, I had blown my other two boyfriends and didn't
mind doing it, but I found that this night I was really enjoying it.
I wanted it to last for a while so I sucked slowly while maneuvering my
tongue around.  I laughed to myself thinking "If my friends in the bar
could see me now".  I knew Bob was really enjoying having his redhead
suck him as he was looking down at me and smiling ear to ear, which
turned me on even more.  He was reaching behind himself and fingering
me which was driving me wild.  After about 5 minutes more of sucking,
I could sense he was about ready when he asked if I would do something
for him.  I nodded with stopping from working on him.  He said, "Let me
come in your mouth, Kathy".  I looked up, wide-eyed, having done that
once before but only accidentally.  He looked down, smiling and nodding
his head and said "Don't stop, I'm close, just squeeze my ass if it
is okay".  I looked up at him again, closed my eyes, and felt my hand
squeeze his ass and pull him closer.  It seemed like only a few seconds
when he exploded in my mouth.  A lot went immediately down my throat,
and I swallowed the right a few seconds later.  He rolled backwards off
of me and laid on his back.  He rested for a second, then quickly slid his
head down between my legs.  I willingly spread my legs and got treated to
the most tantalizingly slow licking I had ever had.  He was damn good and
obviously loved oral.  He licked me slowly, literally driving me wild.
He had me dripping wet and had me begging him to fuck me.  I was so
wild, I was offering to blow him all night if he would only fuck me.
I knew what I was saying, but in my mind, couldn't believe I was begging
a man to ball me.  He kept licking, getting faster and faster, until I
finally came in the most massive orgasm I had ever had.  In the meantime,
he had evidently gotten hard again, recovering from my blowjob.  As I was
still recovering from being eaten, I felt him lift my legs and put them
on his shoulders.  He asked if I still wanted to be fucked, to which I
said "Yes, do it...fuck me". He did.  He literally pounded me for about
fifteen minutes, causing me to come at least 3 times.  He rolled me on
my stomach and kept pounding me from behind.  After a few more minutes,
he finally came and we both collapsed, exhausted.  We fell asleep for
about half and hour and then got dressed and he took me home. Before he
left, we traded phone numbers and he said that he would be coming down
in a few weeks and could we get together.  I said yes, and we made a
date for that Friday night.

Well, something came up at the last minute, and Bob couldn't make it that
weekend, having to cancel at the last minute.  I kidded with him on the
phone asking him if he had met another girl. (He had a girlfriend up
there already, but I didn't know that at the time).  So, with nothing
better to do, a couple of us hit Flanagan's again.  We met some folks
there that said there was a good party in the UD "ghetto" (off campus
private housing to you folks that don't know the area).  So, around 9
that night, we meandered over to a house where a party was in full swing.
I talked, danced a little, drank some beers.  I wandered around the house
and found a poker game going on with about ten people, girls and guys,
in one room.  Someone in this house was obviously a serious poker player
because they had a regular table and they were all playing for money.
I watched for a while until one guy quit and they asked me if I wanted in.
I've always loved poker and was pretty good having been taught by my
older brothers, but by the looks of the table, the stakes were pretty
high and I only had ten dollars on me.  I said, no, too rich for me,
I only have ten dollars.  They said the stakes weren't high, it just
looked like a lot of money because there were so many players.  So,
I bought in with my ten dollars and promptly went on a winning streak,
at one point being up by about a hundred dollars.  By that point, it was
about 1 am and the party downstairs had ended and the game dwindled down
to me and three guys who were determined not to let a girl beat them.
I knew I should have quit because I was getting tired, but part of
me wanted to wipe these guys out.  My luck turned, though, and pretty
soon I was down to about two bucks.  I lost that and announced I was
quitting and going home (my friends had left hours before, appalled at
my poker playing).  One of the guys, Jim, looked at me and said "Hmm,
not a true gambler quitting like that".  I said, "well, I'm broke, you
guys won".  Jim asked me if I'd be willing to put up a piece of clothing
as collateral, if so, I could stay in the next hand.  He said, anything
would do and I wouldn't have to give it up unless I lost.  I was wearing
shoes, socks, jeans, panties, bra, blouse and a sweater over the blouse,
so I thought "I have enough clothes to win a hand or two without having
to show anything".  I agreed and the shoes became collateral.  I lost
those, and put up the socks as collateral the next time, also losing.
The third hand I used the sweater and won, and I was happily back in
the money.  I won a few more hands but was soon broke again and decided
to try one more hand with the sweater.  I lost, drawing nothing better
than a pair of fours.  At that point, I decided to quit, but the guys had
one last proposition for me.  Jim (obviously the bold one) looked at me
and said "Are you willing to put it all on the line?"  I said, "what?"
He said "will you put all your clothes on the line against the whole pot
of money?"  The pot was big, about $250, so it was tempting.  There was
a bit of an argument among the three of them, but they finally agreed.
Jim said, "it's been a long night, and we'd like to end it by having
you up on the table dancing and stripping for us".  I said, "Yeah, I bet
you would like that".  I thought about it, and finally said, "I'll bet
but on these terms: I'm outnumbered, so one hand isn't fair.  We play
three hands. If I win one of them, I get the money.  If I lose, we'll
close the drapes, I'll get up on the table and do the best strip-show
you've ever seen".  They quickly agreed and we started to play.  I lost
the first hand and starting wondering if this had been a smart idea and
if the beer had gotten the better of me.  We played the second hand, I
got 2 pair and felt confident but one guy had two pair also,king high.
Another lost hand.  I was visibly nervous at this point, knowing it
was all coming down to one hand.  The guys were being nice though,
although they couldn't help but smile.  The last hand was being dealt
while I was thinking "geez, in a few minutes I might be naked in front
of three guys".  I chuckled nervously inside thinking that at least they
were good looking guys.  I looked down at my hand and saw two eights
and a Jack and a five and a seven.  I kept the eights and drew three.
The draw was three fours...I had a full house...I was going to win!
Two guys had nothing and Jim was grinning.  He asked what I had and
I showed the full house, smiling.  He looked and said "Yes!" and put
his hand down.  I looked down at four tens and realized I had lost.
At that point, I didn't move. One guy put the top on the table while
the other shut the curtains and put some music on.  Jim came up behind
me and whispered "It'll be all right, Kathy. Show us what you've got.
This will be our secret."  He kissed me on the cheek and patted my ass and
sat down with the other two guys in front of the table.  I was nervous,
but determined not to let it show.  I thought "Well Kathy, you put your
ass on the line and now it's time to pay the bet". I climbed up on the
table thinking "All right, here goes...I'm going to do one damn good
strip for these guys".  I started dancing and swaying to the music and
after a minute or so started unbuttoning my blouse.  As it fell open,
I swayed and jumped a bit letting them see my bra jiggle.  I turned my
back toward them and let the blouse fall, turning around and continuing
to dance.  I danced some more and then undid my jeans, sliding them down
around my hips and finally dropping them and kicking them off the table.
I danced around in my bra and panties, wishing I had worn my black or red
set..haha..if I only knew I would be stripping!  The guys knew it was
payoff time and were fixed on me as I danced.  I reached around, undid
the bra but held it up in front, letting the straps fall down my arms.
I suddenly realized that I was starting to enjoy this a little myself.
Something inside me said "DO IT! SHOW 'EM YOUR TITS!  MAKE THEM CRAZY".
I did, I dropped the bra, danced, swayed and jumped, shaking my breasts
in front of them.  I dropped down to my knees, got on all fours and
pulled my panties down in the back.  I got back up, danced some more,
then went down on my back, lifted my legs, and pulled the panties off
and tossed them.  I spread my legs, giving them a full view and then got
back up and danced.  I faced away from them, bent over and gave them a
rear view and ran my finger across the lips.  The embarrassment was gone
as I realized that I really was turned on...  I went back on my back,
did one more leg spread for them and then stopped and laid on the table.
The guys applauded wildly...  I thought "my first strip got rave reviews".
I looked up and noticed that Jim was standing right next to the table
looking down at me.  He said "You were great, Kathy.  You have one hell of
a body and you do know how to shake your ass".  I looked up and managed
a smile, too tired to say anything.  Jim had other plans though...he
quickly inserted two fingers in my pussy and said "Hmm, seems like you
enjoyed the strip too.  Looks like Kathy likes being naked in front of
us".  He started pushing his fingers in and out and I protested saying
"I didn't agree to this".  He said, "I know, but it doesn't seem like
you mind too much. I think you're turned on by being naked in front of
three horny guys".  He kept fingering me and I was getting wetter but I
didn't stop him.  After a minute, I suddenly realized that I WAS turned
on and I was bucking against his hand which he had stopped moving.
Our eyes met, and I knew I had been caught.  I said, "I'm turned on,
very turned on".  He laughed and said, "I think we all are" and pulled
me up and kissed me while finger fucking me.  We stopped kissing and I
said "Am I going to be gang-banged?"  He said, "Is that what you want?"
I said, "yes". Jim said, "then just ask, all you've gotta do is ask".
I managed to squeak out "I want to take you all on".  I had pretty much
lost control to my desires at that point and said I wanted to blow Jim
in front of his friends.  He didn't put up any argument.  I knelt down,
feeling incredibly horny that I was going to blow a guy in front of
two others and sucked Jim off while the other guys watched wide-eyed.
After I finished, I was picked up by the guys and carried to a bedroom
where they took turns eating me and fucking me and letting me suck them.
Ron, a stocky blond who had been the quietest, turned out to be the
stud of the bunch--he balled me three times that night--once from behind
while I was down on all fours blowing Jim for the second time.  By 8 am,
I had spent most of the night with my legs in the air and was worn out
but happy.  We did the three on one thing several more times that year
until they all graduated in May.  I never heard that the story got out,
probably because they had steady girlfriends and Jim was getting married
in June.  I didn't do any more group sex during my remaining three
years in college, mainly because the opportunity never seemed to arise.
Although I had become a seasoned pro at it over the year, I wasn't quite
ready to initiate it.

I lost track of those guys after the end of my freshman year, but toward
the end of my junior year, I got a call from Jim, who wanted to get
together for lunch.  I was a bit leery about that because of our past
together and the fact that I knew he was now married.  He seemed to
sense my uneasiness about meeting and said that it wasn't a "date" but
really a business meeting as he wanted to talk to me about my working
at the company he was with.  I agreed to meet him the next day at a
local restaurant.

When I got to the restaurant, he was there waiting at the front door.
"He really does look good", I thought.  He was tanned and obviously
working out regularly.  He hugged me a gave me a peck on the cheek and
said I was looking great.  I pushed aside the feelings that brought
back, reminding myself that was a long time ago.  We were seated and
ordered lunch and talked some about old times, friends, his wife, etc.
He ordered me a "Long Island Iced Tea", a drink which I had never had.
I drank that down quickly because it didn't taste strong and ordered
another.  About halfway through that, I realized I was a little buzzed.
Jim started talking about his work, saying that he was in sales and was
currently bidding on a large contract with an out of state company and
the deal was between his company and one other.  He said he had invited
the guy who was going to make the final decision to see the offices and
facilities.  I said, "Oh, sounds interesting, but where do I fit in to
all this?"  He said that he'd be meeting with the guy all day but would
like for someone to take him to dinner and show him the town that evening.
He said that he would rather someone pretty take him out rather than
doing it himself.  I said, "Oh this is some kind of blind date? You know,
I've got a steady boyfriend now and don't date...especially blind dates".
"Well", he said, "I rather it not look like a date, anyway.  I'd like you
to pose as my secretary.  I want to set up dinner and then back out at
the last minute and pretend to ask you to sub for me."  I thought about
it and said, "I don't know, not really my style".  He said "this is a
great deal for you.  All you need to do is come to the office in the
afternoon and act like you are working while he is around and then meet
him for dinner and dancing.  Buy a nice dinner dress and the company
will pay for it.  The whole evening is on the company tab and you get
paid $500.00."  Finally, it hit me..."Jim", I said, "You want me to ball
him, don't you?" I was incredulous.

I had done a lot of crazy stuff but had never gotten paid for it.
He looked a little embarrassed, but said "I need to pull out all the
stops on this deal, Kathy.  This might just be the edge.  I need someone
that I can count on".  He moved closer and put his hand on my knee and
looked at me and said "I know I shouldn't be saying this, but you're
damn good in bed.  If anyone deserves to get paid for it, it's you."
I actually blushed at that, not sure though if I was being complimented.
The waitress came back and he ordered me another drink before I could say
no.  After a minute or so, I gulped the drink and finally said "Jim, you
of all people know I love sex but, geez, this is like turning a trick."
He grinned and said, "Exciting thought, though, isn't it".  He said "don't
answer yet, just think about it."  We talked some more and the waitress
brought the check.  I was starting to notice that Jim was doing a lot
of looking at my chest and thought "I wonder if he is going to try to
make me".  He paid the check and said "Let's drive around and talk a bit."
I said okay and we went off in his car.  He said that he thought about me
a lot and missed the days of our group sessions, saying it was the best
sex he had ever had.  We had driven out by the Dayton Mall and he pulled
into the lot and parked.  He looked at me and said that he wasn't planning
on coming on to me but that seeing me again had turned him on.  He took
my hand and put it on his pants and I could tell he wasn't kidding.
I shouldn't have, but I gave him a little squeeze through his pants.
He put his arm around me and pulled me closer and starting kissing me.
I responded, not being sure if I was excited because of the drinks,
Jim, or the fact that someone's husband wanted me.  He unbuttoned a
button on my blouse and slid a hand inside and into my bra.  He said,
"it's been a long time since I felt them".  He then slid his hand up my
leg and started pressing my pussy against my pantyhose.  We kissed and
I suggested a motel.  We went to a motel and quickly got into bed and
went at it like old times. When it was over, we laid there and cuddled.
I kissed him and said "Jim, I'll do it.  I'll be the company whore."
He said "are you sure?  I didn't mean to pressure you."  I grinned and
said, "Jim, I want the job.  I'm applying for it.  Hire me."  He laughed
and said "the job is yours."

Well, I went through with it.  The guy was about thirty, pretty average,
not bad in bed, although I wore him out.  And getting paid for it was a
turn on, I must admit, although I never did that again and don't recommend
it these days.  Jim got the contract and eventually moved out of town.
I still get Christmas cards.

Well, that's my confession.  These days, I'm a 34 year old housewife.
I might pass you in Kroger.  But I won't tell this story there.

--
