Archive-name: Family/cotton.txt
Archive-author: Day Dreamer
Archive-title: Niccole's Cotton Panties


                        An Adult Fantasy

         I'm not usually given to voyeurism, but this time I couldn't
         help myself.  Niccole, my eighteen-year-old niece, had left
         her bedroom door open, and there I was, standing in the
         hallway outside watching her put on her nightie.  The thin
         material of the night gown had tangled in her hair and was
         bunched up, covering her face.  Concentrating on trying to
         separate hair and gown, and unaware of my presence, she was
         oblivious of the scene she presented.  And a delightful scene
         it was.  Even though I knew it was wrong to peep like that,
         even though it was the forbidden fruit of my own niece I was
         watching, I was caught up, mesmerized, unable to tear my eyes
         away.

         I could hardly believe how Niccole had changed in the last
         several years.  The last time I had seen her, about four
         years before, she was just a thin, straggly girl with braces
         on her teeth and an almost flat bosom just beginning to show
         the swells of womanhood.  From what I could now see, it was
         obvious that womanhood had not been long delayed.  Niccole's
         body was now fully developed, and she was definitely and
         completely a woman.  Her breasts were large and firm,
         standing out from her body with only little jiggles to betray
         that they were flesh and blood.  Brown nubbins of nipples
         topped them, each circled by its wide, crepe-crinkled areola.
         The breasts were supported by a thin waist, no more than
         twenty-two inches at the most.  From there her hips flared
         out, forming the graceful lines of her thighs, each wide at
         the juncture of her vee, then tapering to her perfectly
         formed knees and calves.  An unbidden surge of arousal flowed
         through me.  Despite her being my niece, despite Niccole's
         mother--my divorced older sister--being asleep in her room at
         the end of the hall, I felt myself swell, my cock becoming
         rigid and gristle-like.

         One aspect of the scene puzzled me, though.   Niccole, very
         obviously a mature, grown woman, was wearing plain, white
         cotton panties.  Not high-cut or bikini, but full-cut panties
         that covered her in thick material from waist to thigh.  In
         stark contrast to the message sent by her fully developed
         body, the panties imposed a virginal, little-girl aspect on
         her appearance.  I thought all girls got rid of cotton
         panties at the onset of menarche, that silken underwear and
         womanhood came at the same time.  I had to admit, though,
         that her cotton panties worked a strange magic on me.  They
         made her concealed treasures even more forbidden, more
         school-girl alluring, than any silken panties could have.  I
         couldn't tear my eyes from the scene, but continued to watch,
         pre-cum beginning to leak from my hard cock.

         Niccole's nightie finally came loose and dropped around her
         body.  When it did, she looked up and saw me standing there,
         watching.  Our eyes met and held for a moment, silently.  I
         came to my senses at that point and started apologizing,
         almost stammering in my desire to explain away my voyeurism.
         Niccole just smiled shyly and said, "I'm the one who's sorry,
         Uncle Will.  It's my fault. I shouldn't have been changing
         clothes with my door open."

         As much to show she wasn't angry as to continue the practice
         she had followed since I had been in her house, Niccole came
         up to me and gave me a goodnight kiss.  Usually it was just a
         peck on the cheek, but this evening she kissed me lightly
         upon the lips instead.  She must have just licked her lips
         because the kiss was moist and warm.  Her breasts, the
         nipples clearly showing through her thin nightie, brushed
         across my chest during the kiss.

         The next morning, my sister Ann left for work before either
         Niccole or I had awakened.  I had been staying with her and
         Niccole for two weeks and would probably be there another
         couple of weeks.  I had taken a new job in their town and Ann
         insisted on my staying with them while waiting for my work to
         start and construction on the apartment I was going to rent
         to be completed.  Even though I helped pay expenses and I
         knew Ann was pleased to have a man around the house, I still
         tried to take care of some of the housework and cooking.  For
         mornings, that meant breakfast for me and Niccole--Ann only
         had a quick cup of coffee before work.

         The smell of bacon and eggs must have lured Niccole out of
         bed because she appeared in the kitchen just as I had it
         ready to serve.  "Your breakfast is served, princess," I told
         her, putting her plate on the breakfast bar.  Clad more
         modestly now in a robe, Niccole got up on a bar stool and
         started in on her scrambled eggs.  I sat across from her and
         began to eat mine.  We ate in silence until we finished, and
         then I poured us each another cup of coffee.

         Sipping my coffee, I once more told Niccole I was sorry about
         watching her the previous night.  She smiled, reached out and
         patted my hand, and said, "Oh, Poo, Uncle Will.  You just
         stop that.  I just stood there with my door open and put on a
         show.  It was my fault, and I hereby officially apologize.
         I'm used to just us girls being around the place and forgot
         about having one you men-folk types around.  Now, I don't
         won't to hear anymore from you about it.  Especially you're
         saying anything to my mother.  Okay?"

         I continued to hold her hand, stroking and squeezing it.  I
         smiled back at her and said, "Okay.  If you say so, it's a
         deal."

         "Including the part about mother?"

         "Especially the part about Ann," I said, smiling even wider.
         "But there is one more thing I would like to say about it."

         "There is?  What's that?"

         "Well, as you know, there wasn't much left to my imagination
         last night, and I want you to know that I think you have
         turned into one hell of a beautiful woman."

         Niccole blushed a little and seemed very pleased.  "Thank
         you, Uncle Will.  That's a real sweet thing to say, and
         you're very sweet for saying it."  She leaned across, kissed
         me lightly on the lips, and said, "Thank you, again."

         Niccole then looked down at her plate and was silent, almost
         pensive.  "What's wrong, Nikki?  Is something wrong, Baby?"
         I asked.

         "There was something bad about your seeing me like that.  You
         were able to see my darkest secret,"  Niccole said, looking
         at me with a sad expression.

         "Well, you did have on panties so I couldn't see everything
         about you, but if what I saw was a dark, bad secret, then all
         girls should have the same secret," I replied, laughing
         softly.

         At first she looked puzzled, but then she put her hands up to
         her breasts, cupping and squeezing them.  "Oh, you mean
         these.  No, these aren't what I'm talking about.  Besides,"
         she said, starting to smile a little, "I could hardly keep
         these secret."

         Suddenly, Niccole reached down and pulled the hem of her robe
         up to where the edge of her panties showed.  "This is what
         I'm talking about.  Cotton panties!  White cotton panties!
         Just like training panties!" she said angrily.  "I'm not a
         little girl anymore, I'm a grown woman--a grown woman who has
         to wear little girl's cotton panties."

         "Why do you wear them, then?  Why don't you get some grown-up
         panties?" I asked, not understanding her anger.

         "Because Mother still buys all my clothes for me, that's why.
         You know my mother.  You ought to, she's your sister.
         Conservative and practical to a fault.  She still thinks of
         me as her little girl and buys me cotton panties."

         "Have you ever said anything to her about it?" I asked.

         "Yes, but all she does is smile and say, 'Well, cotton
         panties are cheaper, you know.'  That shuts me up because I
         know that we don't have much money.  Between my college
         costs, what little she makes on her job and what I make on my
         part-time job, there isn't anything left over for many
         frivolous things.  It's taking every cent we have between us
         to pay for college and necessities."

         Niccole sat there, dejected, and started to cry softly.  "Oh,
         God, just listen to me," she said.  "I sound like all the
         selfish bitches in the world rolled into one."  She looked up
         at me, drying her tears, and said, "I'm sorry about this
         tirade, Will.  I'm not really selfish.  It's just that every
         now and then, I get frustrated and blue.  I sure wish I could
         grow up and get this part of my life behind me."

         "Well, I don't know whether it will help you feel better, but
         I can tell you this:  In those cotton panties last night, you
         were about the sexiest woman I've ever seen."

         Niccole reached out her hand and took my other hand so that
         she now had both of them.  "Will, you are about the nicest
         uncle a girl could have."  Then, laughing through her tears,
         she added, "Or do you tell that to all your naked little
         nieces?"

         I couldn't help but laugh in return.  "Since my only other
         niece is two-year old Susie, that would be hard to do."

         "That a very nice compliment, and I thank you for it, but it
         doesn't do much for my confidence around boys.  I've had a
         number of dates and have gotten pretty hot and heavy with
         several boys, but when time comes to get down to the nitty-
         gritty, I think about the boy seeing me in cotton panties and
         back off.  Now that really has been frustrating," she said,
         with a little rueful laugh.  "Although Mother doesn't know
         it, I've been on the pill for two years.  Except for a couple
         of times when I was in a bathing suit and didn't have to
         worry about the boy seeing my panties, being on the pill
         hasn't done much for me.  I know it's probably all in my
         head, particularly since you said they are sexy, but I really
         feel stymied by the curse of cotton panties."

         "I'd like to play Dutch Uncle, if you'll let me," I said.

         "What do you mean, Dutch Uncle?"

         "Wait here," I said.  I went to my bedroom, got my wallet,
         and took out a hundred dollar bill.  I folded it into my hand
         and went back into the kitchen.  I reached out and took
         Niccole's hand and put the bill into it.  "This afternoon,
         before you go to classes, I want you to go to the store and
         buy yourself some of the silkiest, sexiest underwear you can
         find.  I know you'll have to hide them from your mother, but
         at least you'll have them for dates and whenever else you
         want to feel sexy and good about yourself."

         "Oh, I couldn't do that," Niccole said, softly.

         "That's why I said 'Dutch Uncle,' Niccole.  It's against the
         rules to say 'No' to a Dutch Uncle."

         "Oh, Will, I like 'Nice Uncle' better than 'Dutch Uncle.'"
         She put her arms around my neck and kissed me full on the
         lips.  The kiss was hard and wet, becoming more moist as we
         held it.  Instinctively, my lips started to part.  She felt
         the movement and parted hers.  Our tongues touched
         momentarily, sending a jolt to my pleasure center.  Niccole
         quickly broke the kiss, pulling back.  "Uncle's naughty,
         too," she whispered.  Her eyes sparkled, and I could tell she
         was excited.  "I can hardly wait to go shopping this
         afternoon," she said, going to get ready for school.

         That evening, after Niccole got home from classes, she passed
         me in the hall and whispered, "I got to go shopping this
         afternoon, and I bought some of the nicest silk undies you
         can imagine.  In the morning, after Mom goes to work, I'll
         show them to you."  She seemed pleased with herself, and I
         was pleased for her, pleased I had had a part in making her
         so happy.  That night I dreamed about Niccole.  In my dream,
         though, she wasn't dressed in frilly underthings, but in
         plain, white cotton panties.

         The next morning, I got up and fixed breakfast as usual.
         Niccole came in, looking absolutely beautiful.  It was
         obvious she had been up a while.  Her hair was tied back in a
         ribbon, and she had put on just the lightest amount of
         makeup.  Stunning, I thought to myself, the only possible
         word for the beautiful girl standing there in robe and
         slippers is stunning.  I sat our breakfast and coffee out and
         sitting across from each other, we ate.  Between almost every
         bite, Niccole smiled at me, smiling as though she had a
         secret she was bursting to share with me.  When we finished,
         we put our plates in the sink.  Niccole then turned to me and
         gave me a fluttery, light kiss on the lips.  It felt like I
         imagined a butterfly lighting on my lips would feel.  "What's
         that for?" I asked.

         "For being such a nice uncle," she said, smiling softly.

         "Being nice to you is awfully easy," I replied, smiling back.

         "I'm glad you feel that way, because I spent almost all your
         hundred dollars," Niccole said with a musical little laugh.
         "Now I'm going to show you what you bought for me.  You wait
         here and I'll call you when I'm ready.  Okay?"

         "Sure.  I'll be waiting right here," I answered.  I was a
         little perplexed by her words, wondering what she might be
         planning.  I expected Niccole to produce boxes from the
         department store and let me see the undergarments she said
         she had bought.  Apparently, she planned something else.  My
         pulse beat a little faster, thinking about the various
         possibilities.

         "Okay, you can come look now," Niccole's voice came from down
         the hall.  Following her voice, I went down the hall to
         Niccole's bedroom.  The door was wide open and I moved in
         front of it and looked into the room.  Standing there, in
         exactly the same spot she had been the other night, was
         Niccole.  The scene was different from that night, though.
         Niccole now stood there dressed in a pair of pale yellow,
         lacy bikini panties and a filmy, see-through bra of the same
         color.  She had on just those two bits of silky wisp and
         nothing else.

         My use of the word "stunning" in thinking of Niccole had been
         truly prescient because seeing her standing there with a
         demure, sweet smile on her face did in fact stun me.  She was
         a lovely young sex goddess, perfect by any means of measure-
         ment.  She was the vision I seen in all my boyhood wet
         dreams, the central theme of all my erotic fantasies, the
         pure personification of feminine sexuality.  "Well, what do
         you think?" Niccole asked.

         My mouth was so dry I could hardly speak.  I stammered, "My
         God, Nikki!  Stunning!  Absolutely stunning!  But I shouldn't
         be doing this.  What if your mother should come in, what
         would she think?"

         "Mom's never here this time of day, so don't worry about it.
         As far as your seeing me this way, you saw me with less than
         this on the other night, so you're not seeing anything you
         haven't already seen.  I'm not embarrassed, so don't you be
         either.  In fact," she said with a smile that was no longer
         demure, "I'm kinda enjoying this.  Now you go back to the
         kitchen and let me change into another pair.  I want you to
         see me in all my new things."

         As I left the room, I realized I had a raging hard-on.  I was
         naked under my robe, and my boner was pressing against it,
         causing the front to bulge out.  God, I hope she didn't
         notice, I thought to myself.  By force of will I tried to
         make the hard-on go down, but had little success before
         Niccole called for me to come back.

         When I returned to Niccole's room, she had on a pair of loose
         silken panties and a matching camisole, so sheer as to be
         virtually transparent.  The dark points of her nipples poking
         against the fabric and their encircling areolas were visible
         through the sheer silk.  I could detect just the hint of the
         large dark mass of her bush where the panties covered her
         vee.

         "Well, what do you think?  I hope you like them, because I
         love them.  They feel just like I imagined they would.  The
         cloth is so smooth against my skin.  Come feel how smooth the
         cloth is."

         Almost in a trance I reached out to her and rubbed my hands
         over the fabric covering the tops of her shoulders.  The
         fabric had to indeed be silk because it was so slick, so
         smooth, so sensual in its texture.  Niccole took my hands and
         put them on her front, right on top of her semi-revealed
         breasts.  "Here's where it's the smoothest," she said.  "Feel
         here."  I stroked my hands lightly and lovingly over the
         swells of her breasts, paying particular attention to the
         nipples.  Niccole crooned, "Ummm, yes, so smooth, so smooth."
         Then, taking my hands again, she brought them around so they
         rested on her buttocks.  "Feel my panties, too.  They're even
         silkier," she whispered.  I moved my hands all over her
         buttocks, feeling the deep cleft between them and then
         further down.  She moved up against me, putting her breasts
         up against my chest, rubbing them over me.

         "Oh, Will, I just knew silk underwear would make me feel
         sexy.  My God, but do they.  I'm even getting wet.  Here,
         feel my wetness."  She took my hand and put it right on top
         of her crotch, and I could feel how right she was.  The
         crotch of her new panties were soaked, and I could feel the
         dampness all over my fingers.  I could also feel the contours
         of her pussy under the fabric--the lips swollen and very
         noticeable.  She rubbed up against my fingers and moaned,
         "Oh, God, Will, they make me feel so sexy.  You make me feel
         so sexy."

         "Oh, golly, Will, here I am getting carried away.  What you
         must think of me.  I've got one more pair to show you, and
         all I'm doing is enjoying each pair as I put it on.  You do
         your disappearing act again so I can change into my last
         one,"  Niccole said.

         Dutifully, I went back into the kitchen to await Niccole's
         call.  I realized that I was so filled with lust that I was
         panting.  God, didn't that girl know what she was doing to
         me.  The feel of her sopping sex under her panties had made
         me even harder than I had been and the whole front of my robe
         was getting wet from the flow of pre-cum soaking into it.
         The girl's no virgin, I thought, so she must know enough
         about sex to realize that seeing her like that would cause
         even dead King Tut to have an erection.  I stopped worrying
         about her seeing my hard-on and waited for Niccole to bid me
         return.

         "Okay, Will, I'm ready," came Niccole's voice.  Eagerly, I
         went to her room to see what her last purchase was.  If it
         was better than what I had already seen, I wasn't sure I
         could resist making a pass at her.  I walked into the room
         and Niccole said, "I saved my favorite piece to last.  I
         think this is the prettiest and sexiest of them all.  What do
         you think?"

         What I saw practically kept me from thinking at all.
         Niccole was clad in a smoke-gray, spider-web-sheer teddy.  It
         covered her shoulders with narrow button-up straps and fell
         down her body in diaphanous folds, clinging and molded to
         every part of her body.  Her breasts pushed out the front of
         them, her nipples like small fingertips punching out the
         sheer fabric.  It then draped down to her little tummy,
         slightly rounded, and then down to the vee.  It pulled tight
         in the vee, the deep crease of her vulva clearly showing
         through the skin-tight fabric.  Soft curls of pubic hair
         peeked out from under the teddy's hem where it turned under
         to caress that secret core of Niccole's femininity.

         "You like?" she said, turning slowly around like a model
         showing a new design.

         "Like?  My God, Nikki, you're like a wet dream come to life,"
         I blurted out.

         Niccole laughed a musical laugh and said, "Good!  It looks as
         sexy as it makes me feel then.  Just come and feel of this
         one.  If you thought the other was smooth, feel this one."

         I wanted to feel more than the teddy--I wanted to feel every
         inch of Niccole, explore every crevice, run my tongue over
         every part of her body and taste every part of her.  She took
         my trembling hands and put them right on top of her breasts.
         "This part here is the smoothest," she whispered.  I ran my
         thumbs over her nipples, and she shuddered.  I circled my
         finger tips around the whole of each breast, and she sighed.
         "See.  I told you it was smooth," she whispered.  "Thank you,
         Will, thank you.  When I wear these I know I'll feel like a
         woman, just as I do now.  Thank you so much." Almost as if to
         affirm her appreciation, she put her lips to mine and kissed
         me.  Her arms wrapped around my neck and she drew herself up
         tight to me.  If I had had any doubts about her knowing about
         my hard-on, they were gone now.  My cock was jutting out
         against my robe and Niccole was pressing herself hard against
         it.

         This time it was Niccole who opened her mouth and gave me her
         tongue.  It licked back and forth against my lips and I
         opened them in invitation.  Her tongue came into my mouth,
         exploring, seeking mine.  I gave it to her in swirling
         motions, making love to her tongue with mine.  She drew her
         tongue back and opened her mouth even wider, asking for me to
         find it.  I delved my tongue into her mouth and immediately
         it found its goal.  Both our breaths were coming faster and
         harder now, and her arms wrapped even tighter about me.  I
         dropped my hands down to her buttocks and softly rubbed and
         kneaded them, pulling her pelvis even closer to mine.  My
         cock rubbed hard against her sexual center and she moaned
         into my mouth.  She finally broke the kiss and asked, "Is
         it wrong for us to do this, Will?"

         "Does it feel wrong, Nikki?"

         "No, it feels exactly right.  If you had said 'yes' I would
         have died right here on the spot."  She put her mouth up to
         my ear and whispered, "The buttons are right there on the
         shoulders.  Undo them.  I want to be naked."

         I put one trembling hand to her right shoulder and unbuttoned
         the little pearl button.  The strap fell loose and down her
         back.  With my other hand I loosened the other button.  The
         whole back of Niccole's teddy fell down her back, hanging in
         folds over her buttocks.  I couldn't resist running my hands
         over the bare exposed flesh.  I made my touch soft and
         stroking, moving in little circles down her back.  I reached
         the outward flare of her buttocks and caressed them, just
         touching with my fingertips in little feathery strokes.  I
         moved down to the half-moons where the buttocks joined the
         thighs and took her buttocks in my hands and gently and
         softly stroked them. The skin was exquisitely smooth,
         smoother even that the silk that had just covered them.
         Niccole was holding me tight now, and her breath in my ear
         was speeding up, almost a panting sound.  "Oooh, Will!
         That's so nice," she murmured.

         I moved one hand into the deep cleft between those sweet
         cheeks and inched it down, delving under the silk, searching
         for the treasure I knew to be hidden there.  My fingertips
         brushed across her little crinkled anus and she caught her
         breath as I lightly stroked it in circles.  It was moist,
         dampened by the flow of her feminine arousal.  Delving even
         deeper, my fingers found downy hair and then the very bottom
         of her vulva.  It was soaking wet with the slick, hot starch
         she was secreting from the font hidden even deeper between
         her thighs.  I stroked this area in a little circle, moving
         my finger lightly in the outpouring lubrication.  Her pants
         now turned into moans, and she ground her pelvis into mine,
         moving it in small circles.  Niccole turned her face up to
         mine, her parted lips hungrily searching for mine.  They
         found each other and we kissed wetly, open mouth to open
         mouth, tongue to tongue.

         Niccole moved away from me and our mouths came apart.  Until
         now, the front of her teddy had been held up by the pressure
         between our bodies, but with that pressure removed, gravity
         took over, and the entire front of Niccole's teddy fell down.
         Snow white hills, heaving up and down from her breathing,
         were revealed to my hungry sight.  The sheer fabric fell
         more, falling completely off her body and to the floor.  She
         stepped out of her teddy and took several steps backward,
         eager to show her body to me in its entirety.  She was
         beautiful.  I could no longer think of her as my niece, but
         only as a desirable woman that I must make love to.

         As in a trance, I reached out to Niccole and touched those
         magnificent breasts.  She arched her back, seeking to make
         them as accessible as possible.  I dropped my hands lower and
         stroked that little tummy, drawing circles around the cavity
         of her belly button.  But my goal was a different cavity, the
         cavity of her woman essence, the secret grotto buried away in
         the recess hidden between her thighs.  I moved my finger into
         the soft curls that spread fully over her Venus delta.  My
         finger encountered the top of her crease, that cleft that
         started between her buttocks, moved down into the swamp of
         her femininity and then up to part the Mons Veneris.  My
         finger dipped into the liquid, sopping crease and found a
         fleshy button--her ripe, swollen clitoris, the very center of
         her flowing pleasure zone.  She threw her head back and
         hoarsely moaned, "Oh, God, Will!  Yes!  That's the spot!
         Right there!"  Her pelvis thrust in and out, moving her
         clitoris to and fro under my slickened finger.

         Needing to share her pleasure, Niccole reached out and untied
         the belt of my robe.  I was nude underneath, and I knew she'd
         soon be treated to the undeniable proof of her desirability.
         My robe fell open and she reached up to my shoulders, pushing
         it off.  I let it fall off my arms and on to the floor.  Now
         we were both nude, fully visible as male and female.  My cock
         jutted out from my body at an almost perfect ninety degrees.
         It was wet, slick and glistening from my flow of juices, the
         lubricants that had been flowing out in anticipation of the
         thrusting plunge into Niccole's hot core.  Niccole was also
         wet.  As her soaking panties had indicated, her love juices
         were copious, flowing over the entire area between her
         thighs, coating it in preparation for being loved, for being
         plumbed to its deepest depth.

         Niccole reached down and grasped my cock.  It was engorged,
         swollen, its head ripe and bulbous.  She stroked it, and it
         jerked and poured out some more pre-cum fluids.  My hand
         worked in her pussy again, and I could tell from the urgency
         of her stroking of my cock that she was near climax.  She was
         driving me close to my own orgasm also, and it was much too
         early.  I wanted to defer that sweet pleasure and concentrate
         on Niccole.  I suspected she was multi-orgasmic, and I wanted
         to bring her to the plateau of ultimate pleasure at least
         once before climbing to that peak together.

         Reluctantly, I removed her hand from my cock and gently
         pushed her onto her bed.  She fell onto her back, her legs
         hanging off and on the floor--a position perfectly suited to
         my planned ministrations.  I knelt between her legs and
         spread them wide.  The center of her sex was right before me
         and I paused, savoring the sight and aroma of Niccole's
         arousal.  Then I lowered my head and fed on her.  My tongue
         stroked up and down the swollen labial lips and brushed
         lightly over the clitoris.  Niccole jumped at the contact and
         muttered hoarsely, "My God, Will!  No one's ever done this to
         me before.  It's fantastic!  Oh, yessss, its sooo goood."

         She moaned continuously, a soft, mewling sound of pleasure.
         Her pelvis moved almost convulsively, up and down, in
         circles, as if it were not a part of her.  I pushed my tongue
         down to the entrance of her vaginal tunnel and pushed it in,
         extending it to the maximum.  I ran it in and out,
         feverishly, mimicking the action my cock was throbbing and
         aching so much for.  Niccole arched her back and pushed her
         whole open, gaping sex up to my mouth.  "Oh, I'm there!  I'm
         coming!  I'm coomminnngg...ooooohh."

         She locked her legs against my head, as spasm after spasm
         rocked her pelvis.  I felt the heat of her climax flow into
         my mouth, her juices even more copious than before.  I rode
         her through her convulsions and spasms, barely moving my
         tongue in her pussy as she slowly and gradually came down
         from her climactic peak.

         When she was still, I stood up, my throbbing cock standing
         out over her belly.  It was dripping with pre-cum and a drop
         fell on Niccole's stomach, just above her pussy.  She dipped
         her finger into it and smoothed it over her skin.  Her hands
         then reached up and clasped my cock, stroking it, lightly
         caressing its full length.  She looked up at me and
         whispered, "I want it in me, Will.  I want all of it.  I want
         you to fill me up."  She spread her thighs wide open and
         guided my cock down to the shadowy hole in her gaping woman
         sex.  I pushed forward, assisting her, letting her steer me
         home.  The head just nudged into that tight recess and
         entered into her.  Her hands fell away.  Now I was in
         command.

         With a gentle pressure, I pushed my cock into Niccole's hot,
         soaking woman hole.  Unhurried, I moved in, inch by inch,
         savoring the pleasure of first penetration.  She was very
         tight.  She might not have been a virgin, but her love cavity
         hadn't been much used.  Its walls grasped my cock as it
         slowly reamed its way into Niccole's deepest recesses.  Then,
         with only a small, final thrust, I was all the way in, buried
         to the very base of my cock in Niccole's warm, wet cunt-hole.
         Her legs came up and wrapped around my back, her arms
         encircled my neck, and her mouth came against mine, open,
         wet, and loving.

         I withdrew about half my cock and plunged it back to the hilt
         in one sharp thrust.  She gasped into my mouth and drove her
         tongue into it, imitating the action of my cock below.  Then
         I started the rhythmic motion of love, pushing my cock in and
         out, twisting my pelvis--reaming, withdrawing, thrusting.
         She took up the rhythm, matching me stroke for stroke.  She
         was breathing hard and fast, and I was beginning to gasp and
         pant.  She started moaning and mewling with little soft
         squeals.  The whole lower portion of her body thrashed about
         and her legs pulled tighter and tighter around me.  Her arms
         clenched tightly around my neck and her tongue was like a
         wild animal working in my mouth.  She was in a sexual frenzy,
         and it was pulling me to the feverish edge of my own climax.

         Niccole came and came and came.  Like fingers working inside
         her, the walls of her pussy clutched at my cock.  Her pelvic
         muscles spasmed and shuddered, and each small convulsive
         movement transferred to my sliding, thrusting cock.
         Suddenly, my cock jerked, and great gobs of juice jetted out,
         making her pussy even wetter.  "Yes!  Give it me!  Give it
         all to me!" Niccole shouted.

         My orgasm went on and on, and come still spurted out.
         Gradually, I came down to just the small, feeble spurts.
         Then, just the warmth of my cock soaking in our combined
         juices.  I collapsed on Niccole, unable to stir, feeling as
         though I was turned inside-out from the massive orgasmic
         surge.  We were both panting, gasping for breath.  Slowly, we
         came back to earth, and I rolled off her and we laid side by
         side, holding each other, fondling, caressing, murmuring.

         Niccole didn't make it to classes that day.  Instead, she
         made it with me.  In the bedroom, in the living room, and
         once in the shower.  Not once did she have to put on her new
         panties.

         I am still Niccole's "Nice Uncle," and she visits my
         apartment as often as we can work it.  Each time, "Nice
         Uncle" has her a new pair of panties, and each time she
         models them.  When we're through, she leaves her cotton
         panties for me.  At night, I hold them under my nose and
         inhale Niccole's redolent woman-smell, anticipating her next
         visit.

--
