
An Evening with Crystal & Steve

One day between classes, I met this girl named Crystal.  We
started to get to know each other and she asked me if I would
like to come over after my last class.  I said sure, and that
night we were sitting having a couple of drinks when she asked
me if I ever went to topless bars.  I said I went to them once
in a while.

She asked me if I would like her to dance for me since she
was an exotic dancer.  I quickly agreed, and sensuously,
she disrobed down to high heels and a belly chain.
She danced superbly, with verve, and was very sexy.
Never once did her eyes leave mine as she danced
noticing the unavoidable bulge in my jeans, she asked if I
wanted to open my fly. I said nothing, sitting there in a
sweat.  I found myself opening my fly and taking out my dick.
She stared at it as she continued to dance.  Almost
unconsciously, I found myself stroking my rod.  She said she
liked watching me do myself.  Soon she stopped dancing and
walked across the room to me and without saying a word, took my
cock into her mouth.  I have never gotten head anywhere that
good!

Just when I was about to come, she grabbed my throbbing
tool, expertly, and stopped my orgasm.  This exquisite teasing
went on for about ten more min.  Next she stood me up and
began to take off my clothes.  Could you believe her friend,
Steve walked into the door!  Crystal said relax he likes to
watch.  Steve came over and sat next while Crystal continued
to tease my cock.  Next I felt Steve's hand rubbing my neck
as Crystal continued her sucking.  After a few minutes more
just as I was ready to come, once more Steve's mouth moved
to mine as she continued stroking my pole.

Within a few more minutes, Steve's had replaced hers on my
tool and his neck rubbing persisted and felt very good.
He stroked me so well and gently I didn't object.
Crystal whispered in my ear,"Just let it happen.  You'll
love it!"  So far, I was.   Shortly, Steve's mouth replaced
his hand in my lap.  I found myself putting my hand on top
of his bobbing head as Crystal licked my neck, ears and lips.

Then I was turned over on all fours. Crystal moved behind the
couch and lay in front of me. Moaning, she felt for her
clit, staring at my eyes all the time. Slowly I felt Steve
enter my anus from behind. As he stroked in and out
he reached around my waist and continued stroking my cock.


Steve's hand pumped faster and faster. Crystal moaned again
very loudly and rolled back and forth on the floor as she came.
The feeling of his ejaculation into my backside touched off my
own orgasm. I had never had such an intense one. After a few
minutes I regained my composure enough to dress and let myself
out. I did, however, promise to return next week. Both Steve and
Crystal promised me the best fucking of my life. I don't know
exactly what those two have planned for me but whatever it is,
I am 100% up for it.

