                           "The C-Bar"



     It was Cari and Gail's very first visit to a cum bar
and both girls were excited.
     "Gee, do you really think we'll get in?" asked Cari a
bit nervously.  After all, she and her friend had only just
turned fifteen a few days ago and twenty-one was the
absolute youngest legal age for admittance to a registered
cum bar according to the latest writ of the Council of
Virgins' Law-creed.  Briefly the girls had discussed trying
to slip into a non-registered bar, but popular rumor was
you could never tell what you might be served in one of
those places.
     "Sure," said Gail, tossing her healthy sheaf of long
blonde curls, her blue eyes flashing.  "Aunt Jennifer said
these fake I.D.'s should work fine, just as long as we used
a bit more makeup than usual.  And you padded that bra of
yours a little," she added with a taunting giggle.
     Gail herself of course had not needed any extra
padding upstairs.  The dark-haired beauty looked every inch
a woman of twenty-one or even older.  It was Cari who
looked no more than her fifteen years.  The long-awaited
blooming of her small breasts had only begun over the past
six months or so, and even now amounted to no more than
peach-sized swellings, their summits capped with ripe pink
cherry nipples that ached deliciously when Cari "exercised"
them in bed each night before sleep, an exercise that
unfailingly led to a brisk session of exercise farther down
in another portion of her trim young body before sleep as
well.
     "Here we go," hissed Gail as the two approached the
double-doored entrance to the establishment named "Sonya's
Cream Palace" on the glittering sign set high above.  "C.
of V. c-club license # 23608" was imprinted on the mounted
certificate lower down and to the right.
     First Gail and then Cari flashed their I.D.'s and
sweated out the long seconds as the greeter girl examined
them closely.  There was an unbreathing pause as the g-girl
glanced up from the celluloid covered cards and into the
desperately calmed faces of the two young women who had
presented them.
     Cari felt her heart stop as the g-girl shifted her
eyes from Gail's to her own.  The g-girl pursed her white-
lipsticked lips (the color all greeters at c-clubs wore)
and seemed to consider a moment.  Somehow Cari knew she and
Gail were dead, found out.  Her mothers would kill them
both, simply kill them.  They'd be grounded for life, lucky
to get out of their domes even when they did turn twenty-
one.
     Her mom might even take away her vibratron!  This idea
was particularly scary to the young girl.  Despite all the
talk in the media about teenage girls becoming hooked on
the electronic devices, her mom had let Cari keep hers so
far, although she had extracted her daughter's promise to
keep her use of the thrilling banana-shaped toy at an
absolute minimum, something Cari had found it far from easy
to do.    She'd learned lately to cover her head with her
quilt and even two pillows when she slipped in a extra
late-night session.  It was the only way to keep her sharp
little screams of pleasure from being heard throughout the
dome and cluing her mother to her above normal use of the
thing.
     But, god, what if her mom took her toy away entirely? 
Her passionate young body might burst without its
accustomed method of release!
     Cari felt like crying, she was so afraid, as the
seconds of the g-girl's silent scrutiny drew on and on.
     Finally, the woman looked about her, as if checking to
see if anyone was close enough to the three to overhear
what she was considering saying.  Then she leaned down
close to the girls and whispered between barely parted
cream-colored lips.  "Go on in," she said.  "THIS time,"
she added.  "But don't you girls ever come back here again. 
Not until you're REALLY twenty-one."
     Cari stood open-mouthed in shock.  Gail grabbed her
arm and pulled her quickly through the now open doorway and
into the darkened c-bar.
     If it hadn't been for Gail, Cari remembered
afterwards, she herself would never have gotten through the
events of the next few minutes.  Even with all the examples
occurring all around her in the warm, dark, womblike bar to
show her how things worked here, she would never have
gotten up enough nerve to finally take things "in hand"
without her friend there to prod her.
     Through the synth-smoke filled interior Cari could
make out only dim indistinct shapes apart from the strobe-
lit action on the huge dance floor.  Fashionably dressed
young women twirled there on the meters-wide polished steel
circle in couples and triples, moving in complete and
frantic abandon, as if under the stimulating effects of one
of the Old World drugs of the early 1990's.
     Cari noticed several groups of females nuzzling each
other intimately in mid dance.  Gail must have noticed this
blatant lesbian activity as well because she nudged an
elbow softly into Cari's side, pointed to these dancers and
grinned.
     Cari and her friend had been experimenting with some
girl-on-girl play of their own of late at Gail's
instigation.  Nothing serious, Cari insisted to herself,
just a little necking and almost innocent groping, though
their last session, in Gail's bedroom when her parents had
been out for the evening, had led to one actual orgasm for
each of the girls at the hands of the other.
     Gail had screamed out at hers, and Cari had herself
been unable to hold back a peeling cry of ecstasy as her
friend had finger flicked her little clitty over the edge.
     That had been Cari's very first climax at the hands of
another.  She still preferred the thrills she received from
her vibratron, though.  She liked it better when she and
Gail lay in one or the other's bed together and vibe'd off
side by side.  Cari supposed she was simply more into sex
with males than with her own sister females, and she
couldn't wait until she was finally of pairing age.
     At fifteen, Cari's age of consent and pairing was a
long way off, and no matter how badly her developing young
body might ache for mating, she'd just have to wait.
     But here, tonight, thanks to her Aunt Jennifer who
well understood a young girl's yearning curiosity and
awakening sexual hunger, Cari was approaching a crossroads
of a similar kind.  She was actually in a registered c-bar! 
And soon, very soon, she'd be taking a closer, though
premature as far as the government was concerned, step
toward her womanhood.
     Gail's voice startled her from her reveries.  "Look,
there's the bar, it's in there!"  She pointed to a smokey
blue blur at the far end of the big room and tugged Cari
along with her off in that direction.
     As the two girls approached the details of the bar
area became more distinct, until Cari felt a deep, sudden
blush.  Oh, my god, she thought to herself.  It's really
true!
     The bar itself was a gleaming length of golden yellow
allow, nearly forty feet long, fronted by dozens of fixed
position bar stools in a deep metallic blue.  Light seemed
to filter out from within the substance of bar and stools
alike, though some additional illumination came from
glowing fixtures set at intervals upon the long counter's
surface.  These fixtures were fashioned in the unmistakable
likeness of an item of human anatomy Cari had never seen
before other than in the text-disk illustrations she'd
studied in the medical library at school.
     But what really made the cute little fifteen-year-old
blush was what was molded to appear frothing up out of the
rounded tip of each lamp.  Milky white, rich looking,
pearly eruptions, frozen in time in the artwork of the
lamps, which pulsed there in the throbbing light of the
bar.
     And beyond the bar, attended by the dozen or so near
naked young female c-bartenders?  Just as her Aunt Jennifer
had said.  Men.  Naked men, naked and hairless.  Bred
hairless, Jennifer had told she and Gail.  Men that had
been bred and trained from birth by the government
exclusively for their duties in the government run c-bars.
     Males bred for one purpose and one purpose alone.  To
provide their rich, thick male cream on demand for the
nourishment and entertainment of females.
     Adult females, Cari thought suddenly, darting her eyes
about her, looking fearfully to make certain she and her
likewise underage friend had not been noticed as such.  But
everything appeared normal, or at least what passed for
normal in a c-bar.
     At nearly all of the bar's blue metallic stools sat
thirsty young woman.  And before each of these women knelt
handsome, naked men, erect and hairless penises jutting
eagerly forward at the level of each young mouth.  Aunt
Jennifer had said that each male knelt upon a specially
fitted platform imbedded in the counter's surface so that
the offered sex could be adjusted by the nearest bartender
to the level of each customer's mouth.
     What else had Jennifer said?  She had told about the
breeding program that selected the most prime males from
the government's breeding pool, not for fertility in this
case, but for taste, flavor, richness, consistency and
output.  Especially for output, she'd said.  The finest c-
bar males could spurt up to an ounce of their sweet semen,
cream sweetened even beyond specially bred nature by
special diets heavy on things like cinnamon and nutmeg and
clove.
     Cari watched as a newly arrived young woman seated
herself upon one of the few vacant barstools, fished her
government debit card from the small male-skin pouch that
hung about her neck and slipped the card into the slot in
the bar before her.  Buttons glowed there in response and
the woman pushed several of them.
     She's placing her order, Cari realized, remembering
her Aunt Jennifer's instructions.  "Now, you girls don't
run up my debit balance, you here?  Just two drinks for
each of you, okay?"  "Yes, Aunt Jennifer," the two fifteen-
year-olds had assured her.  Just two drinks each.  Two warm
gushing drinks of sweet male honey, then they'll leave and
come running back home early in case one of their mothers'
happened to call to check up on them.
     The woman pushed a final button in the bar and a
bartender appeared to deftly hand the woman an immaculate
looking white silk napkin.  The woman tucked the napkin
into her lap and watched, along with a hugely wide-eyed
Cari, as a male of the type the woman had selected rose up
on a hydraulic lift from an opening in the bar and hushed
to a stop with an as hugely erect, angry red penis jutting
eagerly forward at the level of the woman's face.
     The bartender who had proffered the woman the silk
napkin now used unseen buttons on her side of the bar to
adjust the level of male penis against female mouth.  The
young female customer nodded when the position was
satisfactory, and then, with switches of her own, caused
the male figure to glide forward toward her until her open
mouth had engulfed the rose-colored mushroom tip of the
penis she would soon be drinking from.
     The male figure was naked, and he knelt proudly
upright with hands bound together behind his back. 
Jennifer said that this was for the safety and convenience
of the customers as orgasming males were sometime apt to
lose control.  As it was, each male would have been highly
trained to restrain all but the tiniest involuntary
movements, allowing their temporary female mistresses to
have absolute control over when they would reach their
ultimate release.
     The eyes of the fellated male were aimed forward, as
were those of all the other males being suckled, and each
looked upward at a slight angle as well; they were not
permitted to look down into the faces of the young women
who sucked and drank their essence.  They were trained to
remain as aloof and detached as possible from their
pleasure, though at that instant, even above the loud,
raucous throbbing of the music, Cari clearly made out the
guttural, deep, animal grunt that she instinctively knew to
be the barely suppressed cry of a male erupting forth his
cream.
     Cari stood there frozen.  She couldn't quite believe
it, even while seeing it with her very own eyes.  It was
like a dream!  She found herself licking her lips as she
watched the woman draw the long, thick male penis deeply
into her throat, something Aunt Jennifer had cautioned the
girls not to try on this first visit.
     Once again it was her friend Gail who startled Cari
from her wondering trance.  "Come on!" said the girl. 
"Aunt Jennifer said what we want is all the way down to
there on the left!  Let's go!"
     Cari hardly felt the girl take her arm, as she was
drawn along.  What they wanted?  Oh, yeah, now she
remembered.  The boys.  The boys!  Jennifer said that since
the girls were limited to only two drinks a piece, they
could go for what she called "the good stuff."  Boys.  Boys
of Cari and Gail's own young age.  Perhaps even a bit
younger, Jennifer had said, "if it's a good night!"
     Time for young Cari seemed to flash past from this
point on.  One instant she and Gail were seated upon
adjoining stools, Gail doing the business of inserting
Jennifer's debit card and entering the access code she had
given them.  And then Cari was seeing the most incredible,
wonderful, unimaginable sight she'd ever seen, a vision
she'd remember the rest of her life.  A gorgeously tanned,
deliciously muscled, and beautifully naked male was
floating up from the bar before.  "Thirteen," the bar's
readout display said.  "Blonde hair, blue eyes."
     God, he was beautiful!  Cari couldn't take her eyes
away from him even for long enough to check out her friend
Gail's selection as it rose into position a moment later.
     Eyes as blue as tropic ocean waters, hair as gold as
sunlight, skin naked and honey-brown.  Then Cari's eyes
dropped to the real prize.  Seven inches long, slender in
it's youth, the rod of erect male flesh stood out strong
and stiff before her, throbbing delicately to the sweet
beating of the boy's trembling heart.
     Cari's mouth absolutely watered!  She was actually
about to her first taste of male sex flesh for the first
time in her young life.  And not long after that, she'd be
tasting sweet male cum-cream for the first time as well.
     Cari thrilled from the tip of her quivering fifteen-
year-old clitoris to the tip of her trembling young tongue
as she opened her mouth and dipped her face forward toward
the throbbing male boy-cock before her.
     Yet another cry from her friend Gail beside her
startled young Cari, but it was her own cry as she felt
herself grabbed from behind as well that finally distracted
her from the erect penis she had been just about to taste.
     She frantically looked around her.  Police!  Council
Police!  The girls had been discovered!



     With some difficulty, the two fifteen-year-olds were
wrestled off through the laughing, applauding, heckling bar
crowd.  They struggled as fiercely as if they had known
what punishment awaited them.
     Which, of course, they did not.  The girls' parents
had thought their daughters much too young and innocent to
even consider breaking one of the Council's morals
regulations.
     So they're parents had not told them about the severe
punishments such violations imposed.
     So, some time later that same night, the two young
girls went unsuspecting along with their attendant guards
down into the depths of the lower level of their city's
Bureau of Enforcement building.
     But the girls fought fiercely once more when those
guards began stripping them both naked, tearing clothing
and panties away quickly, until they were but two wriggling
things of flesh.
     They were then strapped down screaming, side by side,
to adjoining vinyl padded tables.
     Then the electric wire clips were attached to pink
young nipples, quivering pear-shaped girl-breasts shaking
beneath.  The butterfly lips of the girls' young womanhood
were drawn aside, and clips nipped home to each of those as
well.
     There were renewed screams as twin, banana-shaped
metal probes were perfunctorily slid into place deeply up
into the tender narrow passageway of the girls' tight young
anuses, and pure howls of tortured agony as two final
electric cables were clipped firmly down onto the tiny buds
of their delicate young clitorises.
     And, of course, these cries were all as nothing when
compared to the shrill, inhuman wailing, the high, choking
caterwauling, the primitive unendurable animal shrieks the
two young girls would emit once the variable electrical
circuit had been closed, as it would remain throughout the
next seventeen hours of the girls' "correction."



     But with all that, Cari and Gail would have been
thankful, even grateful for these fine torments had they
known what punishment their Aunt Jennifer had been
condemned to as the instigator of their little crime.
     Even now, their favorite aunt, at twenty-five years of
age was having the bud of her own clitoris slowly
cauterized away in a long, protracted operation.  An
operation performed, as the law decreed, without benefit of
anesthesia.



                          - END -
