                        CHAPTER 5


      We were so lost in what we were doing that neither of us had
 paid  any  attention to what was going on around us.   We quickly
 retracted our hands and composed ourselves.   Beth was white as a
 ghost  but  slowly  her  color  started  to  return.    She  then
 introduced me to her sister Karen who was a very short girl  with
 short brown curly hair.  Not the greatest looking but acceptable.
 Beth  told  me  that  she was only two years younger than she was
 which I wouldn't have guessed because she looked much younger.
      "Wait until I tell Mommy what I saw.   She is going to  kill
 you."
      "You are going to keep your mouth shut Karen or I,m going to
 kill you," Beth replied.
      By  the  tone  of their voices I could tell that they didn't
 get along too well.   Karen went into the house laughing and Beth
 turned red she was getting so mad.
      "Just  wait  a  few minutes,  we'll get her back.   She is a
 horny little bitch and probably can't wait to  get  herself  off.
 That  is  when we will catch her and make her wish she never said
 anything to us."
      I couldn't help but laugh to myself.   This was going to  be
 fun.    We  sat  just  holding hands for a few minutes until Beth
 signaled that we should go into the house but very quietly.    We
 both moved like cats, very slow and silently.
      Beth's  stairs  were  surprisingly  quiet.    We reached the
 entrance to Karen's room and Beth whispered in my ear telling  me
 that  she  had  greased  Karen's  door for just such an occasion.
 Beth began to open the door ever so slowly until it  was  cracked
 open  about half an inch.   Beth peered inside and grinned.   She
 then pointed for me to look.   I moved around Beth and put my eye
 up to the opening.
      I could see Karen laying on her bed, completely nude, spread
 eagle,  masturbating furiously.
      Beth  opened the door a little bit wider.   It didn't make a
 sound.   She kept going until it was wide enough for us  to  slip
 through.   Beth entered her room and I followed right behind her.
 Karen was breathing very heavily.   I could tell she  wasn't  far
 from coming.
      Very unexpectedly,  even to me, Beth said out loud, "I don't
 think Mommy would approve of that."
      Karen looked up with an astonished look  on  her  face,  saw
 both  of  us then curled up into a little ball and rolled off the
 far side of her bed so we couldn't see her.  She must have turned
 bright shade of red.   She started  screaming,  "GET  OUT  OF  MY
 ROOM!!!"
      "Wait  until I tell Mommy what I saw.   She is going to kill
 you."
      When Beth said that I  couldn't  help  but  break  out  into
 laughter.
      Beth began to laugh with me as we left the room.  As we were
 going  down  the stairs,  I began to think to myself that Karen's
 body wasn't all that bad.  I wouldn't mind getting into her pants
 at all,  but of course I had Beth so why need anyone else.   Beth
 was more than I could handle.
      We  sat  back down in the living room still laughing at what
 we had done.  It was pretty funny.
      "So tell me about Charlene and her parties.   What are  they
 like?"
      "Charlene  lives  with  her father in a real nice apartment.
 When Charlene has a party,  she rents a large room on the  ground
 floor  and  usually orders one of those six foot sandwiches and a
 keg or two of beer.   The best part is the indoor heated swimming
 pool in the next room."
      I thought to myself, oh god, not another pool.
      "In each of the dressing rooms is a sauna.  It's a real nice
 place."
      "Okay, you've told me about Charlene's parties now how about
 Charlene."
      "You'll  really  like  Charlene.   I've gone to a few of her
 parties,  she's really a lot of fun to be with.   She  tells  the
 greatest  dirty stories and gets the guys all hard then makes fun
 of them."
      "That doesn't sound like too much fun to me," I commented.
      "It's fun to watch a guy try to hide a hard-on in a  bathing
 suit.    Charlene  likes  to  be  a real tease.   That's just her
 personality.   She doesn't mean any harm.    She  doesn't  always
 tease, she likes to have her fun too."
      "So she's not a virgin?"
      "Nope,  I  was  with her the night that she lost her cherry.
 It was the night of her sixteenth birthday.   She  was  having  a
 party  at  her father's house in the country.   It is a real nice
 house in the middle of the  woods  right  on  a  beautiful  lake.
 Anyway  she had her boyfriend,  Craig,  there.   That night after
 most people had left,  they swam out to a float that was anchored
 in  the  middle  of the lake.   They thought that no one had seen
 them but I did.   I had a little idea about what they were  going
 to do but I wasn't sure,  so I waited until they were busy making
 out then I swam out real quietly.   My curiosity  was  so  strong
 that  I  had  to  see  what  was going to happen.   Craig started
 fondling her through her bathing suit.   She loved it.   I  could
 hear every sound she made.   Charlene pulled off her top and then
 started working on Craig's suit. It came off real fast.
      Charlene went right for his dick.   She started stroking  it
 but  it was already hard.   Charlene didn't waste any time.   She
 guided him right into her.   She jumped with pain as  he  entered
 her.    Craig  started moving back and forth and I could see that
 Charlene was still in pain.  After a few minutes of humping,  she
 didn't seem to be in too much pain anymore.   They were at it for
 quite a while before Charlene showed any signs that she was about
 to come but she finally did and Craig came  just  a  few  moments
 later.    They looked pretty satisfied.   Charlene said that they
 had better get back so they put their bathing suit  back  on  and
 headed  for the house.   As soon as they were back in the house I
 started to swim back."
      "Did they know you were there?"
      "When Charlene got back to the house she started to look for
 me.   She asked someone else where I was and they said that I was
 out taking a swim.  When I walked in a few minutes later Charlene
 came  up  to me asked if I was out swimming and I told her that I
 was and that it was  very  interesting.    She  asked  if  I  was
 watching her and Craig and I said yes, from a lot closer than she
 thought.    Charlene laughed and said that she hoped I enjoyed it
 as much as she did.   I said not as much,  but I  did  enjoy  it.
 Charlene  and  I went on talking about our love lives for several
 hours on into the wee hours of the morning until the end  of  the
 party.    Most  people  had left by about two but a few spent the
 night because they were either too drunk to drive  or  lived  too
 far.   When we all woke up in the morning, Charlene and I had our
 arms around each other.   Everyone though we were fooling around.
 I don't remember doing anything with Charlene, who knows?"
      "I'd love to get it on with you and Charlene."
      "Yea, I bet you would.  Keep dreaming."
      "Now  you  really have me looking forward to this party.   I
 will have to keep my eyes on Charlene and maybe I'll get  to  see
 her  in  action.   Speaking of action,  seeing Karen playing with
 herself and talking about Charlene has made me real hot."
      "Well that's too bad  because  we  can't  do  anything  here
 because Karen is home, unless of course you know another place we
 can go."
      "Of course I do."
      "Well let's go then."
      Beth and I both headed for the car.  We jumped right in an I
 was  off in a flash.   I didn't want to go back to the reservoir,
 not during the day because it is much easier to be seen.  Luckily
 I knew of a trail on a nearby mountain that I  used  to  hike  on
 when  I  was younger.   I could park the car near by and we could
 walk into the woods a hundred yards or so.   Beth asked me  where
 we were going but I just told her to wait and see.   It was about
 a ten minute drive to get up to this place.   When we arrived,  I
 parked  the  car  and got out.   Beth looked around and commented
 that she didn't even know that place existed.   I took  her  hand
 and guided her toward a trail and then into the woods.  We walked
 for about five minutes.   It was a lot harder walking now than it
 was a few years ago because the brush had grown in a little.   We
 came to a small grassy clearing,  I stopped and pulled Beth to my
 planting a big kiss on her lips and saying, "we're here".
      "Nice place," Beth said as she put her arms  around  me  and
 returned the kiss.  I put my arms around her grabbing her ass and
 squeezing until Beth let out a sigh.   She did the same to me.  A
 few moments later I reached around to the  front  of  her  pants,
 opened  the snap and pulled down the zipper.   I put my arms back
 around her but this time I put my  hands  inside  her  pants  and
 grabbed her bare ass.   I was so beautifully soft I couldn't help
 but to squeeze it.  Beth of course,  taking her cue from me,  did
 the  same  thing.   I began pushing down on her pants from behind
 until they slid off her ass and down her legs.   I  kept  pushing
 her pants down until they were around her ankles.   Beth took her
 arms from around me and pushed me back a couple of steps.   I now
 had a good view of her standing in front of me with her top still
 on and her pants around her ankles.  Beth reached down and pulled
 her  pants  completely off.   Now she was just standing with only
 her top on.   I could see that between her legs she was  starting
 to  get  real  wet  by  the real shiny spots on the inside of her
 thighs.  I started moving toward her but she signaled me to stop.
 Beth reached up,  grabbed her tube top and pulled it up over  her
 head.
      She said, "now you can come here."
      I  moved to her very quickly and put my arms around her.   I
 gave her a real big kiss and then began kissing my way  down  her
 neck,  to her shoulders and then to her nipples.  I sucked on her
 nipples as I felt them getting harder in  my  mouth.    Once  her
 nipples  were  completely  hard,  I  started  to  move down again
 finishing with my face buried in her short hairs.   I  darted  my
 tongue in and out between her legs and immediately Beth opened up
 her legs a little more to allow me better access.
      After  only a few moments of tongue action,  Beth stopped me
 and prodded me to stand up.   I did just as she wished.   As soon
 as I was completely on my feet,  Beth began to undress me.  First
 came my shirt,  but before she removed my pants,  she slipped her
 hand  inside  my zipper to give me a superb hand job which had me
 rock hard in seconds, not that I wasn't already hard.   Beth then
 grabbed my ass just as I had done to her and pushed my pants down
 to my ankles.  Beth got on her knees to pull my pants off over my
 feet.   The whole time she was maneuvering my pants off,  she was
 rubbing her cheek against my hard-on.  Her smooth skin on my cock
 made me want to come instantly.   After my pants were  off,  Beth
 stood  up  and kissed me as we held each other tightly.   I could
 feel her nipples in my chest and my cock in her short hairs.   It
 just got me that much harder.
      Beth,  very playfully, began to wrestle me to the ground.  I
 put up a little fight but not much.    We  both  dropped  to  the
 ground together with Beth on top of me.   Beth kissed me and then
 moved her kisses down my body very slowly.   She kept going  down
 until  she  reached  the  head  of  my dick where she stopped and
 planted a kiss right on the tip.   She stuck her tongue  out  and
 flicked  the  top  of  the  head.    My  cock  was so hard and so
 sensitive that I felt the soft touch of her tongue all through my
 body and it gave me chills.   Beth started playing with  my  dick
 using her hands.   She started playing with me like I was a stick
 shift on a car.   We both got a real good laugh out of it.   Beth
 began to slowly lick the length of my hard-on.  Her tongue was so
 soft  that  I  could hardly contain myself.   I stopped Beth from
 what she was doing because I didn't want to come yet and I knew I
 was getting close.  I quickly flipped Beth around so that she was
 on her back and my face was between her legs.   I started to lick
 on  her  real  sensitive spots and it drove her crazy just as she
 had driven me crazy.   I lapped away for only a few minutes  when
 she  said,  "put  it  in."    I knew exactly what she wanted so I
 stopped my tongue action and moved up so I was positioned to slip
 inside her.   I put the head of my cock at  the  opening  of  her
 pussy  and she moved to meet it.   I slipped the head in and then
 quickly pulled out.  This really drove her crazy.  She wanted the
 whole length of me in her but I pulled  out  a  few  times  more.
 This  was  getting  her so worked up that she lashed her arms and
 legs around me and pulled me down so that my entire length had no
 place to go but deep inside her.  She moved my body with her arms
 and legs until I picked up the rhythm that she wanted.  From that
 point on there was no stopping.  We moaning got louder and I felt
 closer to coming with every stroke.   The bright sun and the soft
 gentle breeze got us both even more excited.
      "I'm coming," I could hear Beth whisper under her breath.  I
 also  was  about  to  come.    I could feel Beth tense as she was
 coming and the moment I knew she was coming I was excited just  a
 bit  more  so  that I came also at the same time filling her with
 everything that I had inside me.  After a few coast down strokes,
 Beth released me from her grasp and just let her  arms  and  legs
 flop  to  the ground.   Our breathing was still heavy as I pulled
 out of her feeling the cool breeze  against  me  giving  me  more
 chills as I was still very sensitive.
      Beth opened her eyes,  looked at me and said, "we never came
 at the same time before, that was wonderful."
      I suddenly had a burst of energy and I stood up.   I  looked
 at Beth's body lying on the ground and she looked very beautiful.
 I reached down and took her hand and pulled her to her feet.  She
 suddenly  got  dizzy so I pulled her close to me to help hold her
 up.   She recovered her senses very quickly and we began  putting
 our clothes back on.  It took us a few minutes to do that because
 we  were  both  very tired and drained from our ordeal.   Once we
 were both completely dressed,  we started walking to the car.   I
 said  to  Beth that it would be nice if we could walk through the
 woods completely naked but unfortunately there probably be  other
 people at the parking lot.  Beth said that one day we should take
 a  drive  to the north where there is a large state park where we
 could find a place secluded enough to do just that but for now we
 will just have to settle for something close.   Right after  Beth
 had  said  that  and before it hit me what she had said,  she had
 stopped walking,  reached down,  unsnapped her pants  and  pulled
 down the zipper exposing most of her lovely nest.
      "How's that for being an exhibitionist" she said.
      I replied, "that's fine for here in the woods but what if we
 get to the parking lot and there are some other people there?"
      "I don't think they'll even notice."
      "I'll bet you that they would."
      Beth, very cocky now, asked, "what do you want to bet?"
      "If  someone  notices that your fly is open,  when we get to
 the car, you will take your pants off and leave then off until we
 get back to your house."
      "And if no one notices,  you'll take off your pants until we
 get back to my house.  Is it a deal?"
      "Okay, it's a deal."
      I  took Beth by the hand and walk the rest of the way out of
 the woods and on to the trail that led down a hill  to  the  car.
 We  could  see  the  parking  lot from the top of the hill and we
 could see that there were no other cars in the lot but mine.   It
 was still a few minute walk to the car so maybe another car would
 pull  in.   As I was hoping another one did.   As soon as the car
 stopped, a guy and girl got out.  They walked around to the front
 of the car and gave each other a big hug and kiss and I could see
 the guy grabbing the girl's tits.   I figured that they  were  up
 there  to  do  the  same  thing as we had just done.   Beth and I
 continued to walk down the hill  and  the  other  couple  started
 walking up.  They had a little trouble walking a straight line so
 I figured they were a little drunk.  We got closer and closer but
 they  gave no indication of noticing that Beth's pants were open.
 Luckily for Beth,  her pants fit snugly so that they didn't slide
 down  as  she  was  walking.   The other couple walked by us with
 nothing more than a nod to recognize our presence but as they got
 farther up the hill I could hear them giggling.    Unfortunately,
 that was not enough proof for me to win the bet.   I was a little
 disappointed.
      We got to the car and I opened the door for Beth.   We  gave
 the  couple  on  the hill one last look to see that they had each
 others hands down the back of the other's pants.  We got a little
 laugh out of that.  Just as we turned around, we heard the guy on
 the hill yell, "your girlfriend has a nice pussy!"
      The other girl hit her boyfriend on the head and  then  they
 kept on walking.   I looked at Beth with a shit eating grin.  She
 knew she had lost the bet.   She took off her pants  right  there
 then sat down in the car and closed the door.  I walked around to
 the other side and got in.   I looked at Beth and said, "that guy
 is right, you do have a nice pussy."
      I started up the car and began to drive  away.    Beth  slid
 over on the seat to sit next to me just as she always does.   But
 instead of me putting my arm around her  like  I  usually  do,  I
 slipped  my  hand  between her legs and stuck my fingers into her
 wet hole.    She  was  still  soaking  wet  from  our  'afternoon
 delight'.  She had no objections to my actions.  On the contrary,
 she  opened  up  her legs wide so that I could move my fingers in
 and out more easily.  Beth put her head back and just enjoyed the
 ride.   I pulled my fingers out and  began  massaging  her  clit.
 This  got a very favorable response.   I kept moving my hand with
 steady constant motion.   I stopped the car a block  from  Beth's
 house so that she could put her pants back on.   She was still in
 the same position as she was when we first started  only  it  was
 evident  that  she had come several times by the look on her face
 and by the fact that both my hand and  my  seat  were  completely
 soaked.    Beth  came back down to earth and struggled to get her
 pants on in the car.   When she finally had them  on,  I  started
 driving and in a few seconds I was in front of her house.  We got
 out  and  I walked Beth to the door.   I decided that it was time
 for me to go so I gave her a real good kiss good bye and got into
 the car and drove away.
      That ended a very,  very exciting day in my love life.    My
 sexual education increased on almost a daily basis.   With Beth I
 was so comfortable that I had almost forgotten how it was  to  be
 nervous  or  scared  about  what a girl thought or what she would
 say.   My education was of course nowhere near over yet.   It had
 many many more years to go.


                /// continued in Chapter 6 ///
