                               CALIFORNIA GIRLS

It was a warm, sunny summer day in the foothills above Los Angeles.  Melissa, 
Stacy and Leslie were relaxing by the dormitory pool.  Summer school had ended 
so everyone but the three of them had already gone home until fall.  This 
privacy gave them the opportunity to get deep, full body tans before they 
left.  Their string bikinis lay in three small piles by the lounge chairs.

Although they were all from the north central states, they fit the stereotype 
for California girls.  They had long lean legs, round, tight asses and small 
to medium, firm, hard nippled breasts.  Their abdomens had not yet developed 
the slight plumpness that even most lean women get by the time they're in 
their middle twenties.  Theirs were beautifully flat and smooth, matching 
their small waists.  

The blond, Melissa, was the tallest at five feet ten inches.  She had deep 
blue eyes, long legs, a nicely rounded rear end, and breasts that stood proud-
ly high and firm.  Stacy had light auburn hair and stood five feet five inch-
es. She was the fullest figured with broader hips and the largest breasts of 
the trio.  Leslie had black hair, but only in one area.  While the other two 
were very pretty, her finely cut, beautiful features easily could have made 
her a model.  At five feet one inch, she was the smallest appeared to be the 
youngest because she was quite lean.  Her breasts and her rear end were as 
small as if she were just coming into puberty.  However, at nineteen, she was 
the oldest of the group and would be a junior this fall.

None of them had wanted to go to a religious college, but in each case their 
parents had made the decision.  This was probably the reason that the three 
girls had banded together and become much more sexually wild and experimental 
than could be expected from their backgrounds.  Melissa and Leslie had delayed 
going home for a few weeks.  Stacy's parents were in Europe for the summer so 
she was going to stay in here in Southern California for the rest of the 
vacation.

A clang of metal interrupted their sunbathing.  They all looked toward the 
hills above their school.  "What's going on up there?" asked Melissa.  

"It looks as if they're putting up a tower of some kind," offered Leslie.  

"Boy, I sure wouldn't want to do that" said Stacy, staring at the two men who 
were half way up the tower.  "Look at the blonde one.  He's kind of cute."
 
Melissa said, "Well, I'll take the brown haired one, then, If you don't want  
him."  The shirtless workers had been installing these towers for the last 
year, so they had become quite muscular and tanned.

"I don't see why you girls always like those body builders.  When you get in 
bed with them, it's one-two-screw, and they're all done.  They never give you 
a chance to get off," objected Leslie.  

"Well, maybe that one might be more suited to your tastes." 

"Which one?"  

"Don't you see the tall, skinny one coming out of the little building?"  







"Oh yeah, I see him  now."  

"Come on, let's go for a  swim," said Melissa, getting on the high board, and 
executing a somersault into the water.  The other girls joined in splashing, 
laughing and having a good time.

At the tower site, Rob, the chief engineer for the new UHF TV station, had 
just stepped out of the transmitter building carrying a transit.  He set it up 
to be sure the antenna was level on the tower.  While adjusting it into posi-
tion, he caught sight of the girls in the swimming pool.  From his location he 
could only see the girls when they were on the high board.  "What the hell are 
you doing?" yelled Skip from atop the tower.  

Rob called back, "Just checking out the scenery."  Skip and Bill looked where 
the transit was pointing and saw the pool.  From their angle, atop the two 
hundred foot tower, they could see most of the pool, and the three girls.  
They could tell they weren't wearing swim suits, but they were too far away to 
make out any details.  The men climbed down the tower, hoping the girls would 
still be there by the time they got to the bottom.  

Upon reaching the ground, they ran for the transit.  Rob said "OK guys, 
they're taking turns diving. There's plenty of time for both of you." 

"Oh, look at those boobs!"  exclaimed Skip.  "Let me see," said Bill, crowding 
over to peer through the instrument.  "Damn, she's gone.  No, wait.  Here 
comes another one, must be her sister.  Look at that round, bouncing ass."

"Ass, hell, I'd give anything to have those long legs wrapped around me,"  
gasped Rob.  The antenna project was forgotten for the time being, as the 
three horny men took turns looking at the girls diving.

Back at the pool, Melissa was about to dive again when she happened to look in 
the direction of the tower.  She noticed there were no longer any workmen on 
it. She could see they were all crowded by something that looked like a tele-
scope, and it was pointing right at her.  "Well, of all the nerve," exclaimed 
Melissa, "Come up here and take a look."

"What is it?" asked Stacy as she and Leslie climbed the ladder.  They looked 
at the men peering though the transit.  

"Well, how do you like that," said Leslie, "We should go up there and give 
them a piece of our minds."

"We might end up giving them a piece of something else, if you catch my mean-
ing," said Stacy.  "Not that I'd mind because I haven't had sex for ages.  
Come on let's go."

Leslie said, "OK, but don't you think we should put on at least our bikinis?"  
The string bikinis didn't make much difference, but they could now claim to be 
dressed.

"Uh oh, I think they're onto us," said Skip, who was using the transit when 
the three girls were on the high board looking in his direction.  "Well, it 
was fun while it lasted.  Let's get out of here and get a bite to eat before 






we pack up and leave." 

Rob said, "I think I'll pass.  Just bring me a hamburger and a Coke.  I've got 
to get some more work done."  

"Are you sure?  There were some gals at the hamburger stand I'm sure could be 
had for a quicky," said Skip.  

"No, that's OK."

"All right, have it your way," said Skip as he and Bill got in the truck for 
the ride down the hill.  As they were driving Skip commented, "Poor guy, with 
that skinny body, I'll bet he never gets laid." 

"Oh, you mean Rob?  Yeah, that's probably why he's an engineer.  I haven't met 
one yet that wasn't a little strange, anyway."

"Gosh, I didn't think it was so far up here," said Stacy.  

"Well, we made it, but it looks as if we're too late.  The truck's gone," said 
Leslie.  Stacy looked toward the door and noticed that it was open.  Just then 
Rob appeared in the doorway.  

"Hi, girls.  What can I do for you?"  

"Well, we noticed what a good time you guys were having with your little toy 
over there," said Stacy, nodding in the direction of the transit.  

"Well," said Rob, blushing slightly,  "things get a little boring up here."  
Leslie asked if they could come inside.  "I guess so," replied Rob.  He showed 
the girls inside and started to explain to the girls in non-technical terms 
how all this equipment worked.  

Leslie, a physics major, said, "We're not children.  Stacy's going to be a 
mathematician and Melissa is a Chem major.  We don't have degrees yet, but 
we're not stupid.  You don't have to talk down to us."

Rob blushed again and said, "I'm not used to talking to people, especially to 
girls as gorgeous as you three are."  The girls loved his shyness and boyish 
charm.  He bent down to plug in an oscilloscope, realized he was surrounded by 
six of the most beautiful female legs he had ever seen.  As he got up, he 
noticed, as did the girls, that he was straightening up in more than one way.  
The girls all smiled in anticipation.

"Well, don't just stand there, Stacy.  Remember what you said by the pool," 
teased Melissa.  "I wasn't really serious," Stacy stammered.  Rob was puzzled 
for a moment, then broke into a wide grin.  "So, we weren't the only ones 
playing peeping Tom?"

"We didn't have a telescope; we had to use our naked eyes," said Stacy.  

"And, the three of you have the most beautiful naked . . . eyes I've ever 
seen."  

Melissa giggled, "If you like our naked eyes so much, you may as well get a 






better view."  She started to untie her bikini top.  

Leslie said, "Wait a minute.  He's already had a preview.  Don't you think we 
deserve the same, girls?"  They were all over him instantly.  His shirt was 
unbuttoned and ripped off.  His shoes were untied and removed, his socks 
pulled off, his belt unbuckled, pants unzipped and pulled down and his shorts 
were yanked off even though they got hung up on a major obstruction.  Their 
bikinis hit the floor at almost the same moment as his undershorts did.

They all started to kiss and caress him.  Leslie was kissing him and sliding 
her tongue around the inside of his lips.  Stacy tickled one nipple with her 
tongue and petted his back and his rear end.  Melissa had moved faster toward 
her main pleasure.  She slid her lips and tongue around his navel and moved 
slowly south, while she petted between his legs.  Rob, who with an engineer's 
precision knew he had an exactly six inch penis, glanced down at his rock hard 
rod.  It was so tightly stretched it was glistening and almost a full inch 
longer than he had ever seen it.

Suddenly, it disappeared.  Melissa had engulfed his entire shaft.  She imme-
diately began working her mouth up and down his hot, hard post.  Her lips 
wrapped hungrily around Rob's balls, sucked them and then she ran her tongue 
along the underside of his penis.  Rob could barely remain standing.  He felt 
her lips tighten around it as she sucked it into her mouth.  Her tongue was 
flicking nerves he never knew he had.  The head of his penis rubbed along the 
ridges at the roof of her mouth, slid past her soft palate and down her 
throat.  Melissa's mouth was so hot, she was sucking so hard, and licking so 
fast, he was having difficulty holding off.  

Stacy continued driving him wild as her tongue made quick little circles 
around his nipple and her lips sucked it into her mouth.  She slid her fingers 
between the cheeks of his ass and found his puckered tight anus.  She reached 
forward for some of the saliva Melissa had left on Rob's testes and wet her 
fingers.  Stacy moved back and slowly began to insert her middle finger into 
his hole.  It resisted, but he was thrusting his hips forward and backward 
pushing his long shaft in and out of Melissa's mouth.  Each time he came back, 
his anal sphincter relaxed for a moment.  Stacy moved her finger in an eighth 
of an inch each stroke.  Finally, her entire finger was deep inside his ass-
hole.  She started to massage his prostate from inside his rectum.  This added 
stimulation was too much for him.

Rob began to pump semen down Melissa's throat.  She could feel his penis puls-
ing and jerking as he ejaculated.  Melissa loved sex, but nothing made her 
hotter than feeling a male come in her mouth.  With Stacy's help and the 
number of days since Rob's last orgasm, she was getting more semen than she 
had ever got at one time.  Melissa was straddling Rob's leg and pressing her 
slippery vulva against it.  She started rubbing in time with his thrusts, and 
came along with him.

Leslie said, "Oh gee, now look what you've done.  That leaves us out in the 
cold."  

Rob was leaning against the desk.  He gasped, "I have a special ability, but I 
don't know if it'll work after an orgasm that powerful.  There are two blan-
kets in the cabinet."  Leslie got them out and spread them on the floor.  
"When you girls team up like that, you could kill a guy."  







Melissa lifted her head and smiled, "But what a way to die."

Leslie yelped, "Look at that."  She pushed Melissa out of the way, eased him 
to the blankets on the floor, and hopped down to his still totally erect rod. 
It was sticking straight up like the tower outside, and Leslie wasted no time 
mounting it.  She straddled him and plunged his shaft into her smoothly shaved 
vulva.  Even though her vagina was hot and slippery from her excitement, it, 
like the rest of her body, was small and tight.  As Rob slid inside her, he 
knew he had never felt anything like this before.  In her frenzy, she slammed 
all the way down.  The head of his penis rammed through her vagina and pushed 
hard against the mouth of her uterus.  He knew he should have a condom on.  As 
if she read his mind, Leslie gasped, "It's Ok.  I'm on the pill."

Rob started to fondle Leslie's tiny breasts.  She sighed as he teased her 
nipples until they were standing out like pencil erasers.  Leslie moaned 
deeply as Rob's hot, hard rod reamed her out.  Leslie raised herself up the 
full length of Rob's solid shaft and then lowered herself along the same 
erotic path.  She tightened her vaginal muscles as she worked herself up and 
down, nearly out of her mind with pleasure.

Although this felt wonderful, he had just had an orgasm so he could enjoy 
Leslie for quite a while longer.  Stacy was standing by Rob's side watching 
Leslie lift her hips totally off of him and then plunge down at high speed.  
Rob looked up and saw Stacy's inviting pink vaginal lips.  He put his hand on 
her leg, guided her down over his face, slid his tongue along her groove, and 
found her clitoris.  Stacy jerked, then opened her legs wider and leaned into 
him.  His mouth and her vulva were trying to envelop each other.  His lips 
were sliding back and forth along her lips, and his tongue was vibrating from 
her clitoris to her well lubricated opening.

"What about me?" Melissa whined.  Her orgasm against Rob's leg was just a warm 
up.  Stacy pulled her over and had her stand with her legs widely spread on 
each side of Rob's head.  This gave Stacy great access to Melissa's vulva. She 
started to lick it in the same rhythm Rob was licking her.  Rob was syn-
chronized with Leslie's thrusting hips.  He looked up and could watch Stacy's 
tongue flicking all over Melissa's entire vaginal area.  This beautiful pic-
ture was framed by Stacy's firm breasts on the bottom and Melissa's round 
little ass on the top.  

Though he had just cum a few moments ago, this total sexual immersion overcame 
any reluctance his body had to respond so soon.  Rob eagerly lifted his rear 
off the blankets to meet each of Leslie's thrusts.  He felt Stacy's thighs 
pressing against the sides of his face start to shiver.  Melissa's labia had 
turned bright red in preparation for a soul shattering orgasm.  Leslie stopped 
sliding him in and out of herself and ground her clit and her hairless slit 
hard against him.  He could feel the mouth of her uterus pressing hungrily 
against the tip of his penis.  His whole body stiffened and shuddered as he 
squirted semen deep inside Leslie's womb.  Her vagina spasmed around his shaft 
so tightly that he continued to ejaculate well beyond what he thought was his 
absolute limit.  

An outsider would have thought the four of them were having some sort of 
seizure.  They were all shuddering and jerking as they lost muscular control.  
They sank to the floor and lay there in a jumble, enjoying the after shocks of 






their ecstasy.  Leslie said suddenly, "Oh, shit.  We've found ourselves a 
jewel, girls.  He's still rock hard inside me."

Rob said, "I told you, I had this special ability.  I can usually keep an 
erection for quite a while, even when I can't cum anymore.

Stacy said, "I'd love to see how long you can hold it, but I'm not on the 
pill."

Rob pointed and said, "This engineer comes prepared.  Look in the top drawer 
of that file over there."  Stacy found the familiar rectangular foil package. 
After prying Leslie's hot, hungry vagina off of Rob's aching tool, she pro-
ceeded to roll the condom onto the engineer's penis.  "OK, let's go for it."  

He got up as Stacy took his place on the blanket and spread her legs.  Rob lay 
down on top of her and positioned his shaft.  She was so hot and wet, he slid 
into her instantly.  Her organ was nowhere as tight as Leslie's but it was 
warmer and fleshier.  

Leslie's vagina felt like an exciting, exotic vacation.  Stacy's felt like 
home.  Rob's whole body and mind seemed to be enveloped by her.  She felt so 
wonderful and loving.  His shaft drove in and out in smooth, long strokes as 
their mouths connected gently and their tongues caressed deep inside each 
other.  They stared into each other's eyes and reveled in the intimate contact 
they had, her breasts pressing into him, her legs wrapped around his hips and 
holding him deep inside her, their minds flowing together.  Their arousal 
built slowly as he kept pumping into her and her vagina gently held and ca-
ressed his shaft as it moved.  As they were both enjoying this slow, comfort-
able erotic encounter, out of nowhere they both went into a violent orgasm.  
They gripped each other tightly, sucked each other's tongues so hard it was 
painful, and slammed their whole pubic areas together as fast and hard as they 
could.  His penis was ejaculating its few remaining drops of semen, but it 
kept pumping and jerking as his orgasm continued.  Stacy's vaginal canal 
gripped him, milking out every drop it could.  

When he finally stopped cumming, he didn't stop pumping.  Stacy went from one 
orgasm to the next without any pause.  Neither kept count, but later Stacy 
estimated about thirty orgasms in a row.  Rob had braced himself on his elbows 
and knees and lifted himself partially out of her.  She was rotating her hips 
forward and back furiously to plunge him in and out of her wet tube.  She 
eventually collapsed and lay there with a wide smile on her face.  After a 
while she said, "I'm not going home this summer.  I'm going to spend all my 
time working on a tower."

Rob rolled over and lay on his back beside Stacy.  Melissa kneeled between 
them, stripped off the condom and licked his penis to get every remaining bit 
of semen out and off of it.  She then slid between Stacy's legs, spread them 
apart and drove her tongue deep into Stacy's still pulsing vagina to extract 
Stacy's tart lubricating juice.

Stacy moved her over so she also could suck Melissa.  After a few seconds 
Melissa said, "I'm so hot, I want to try something different.  Are you game, 
Rob?"

Rob said, "Gee, I don't know.  Everything that's happened here so far is so 






average.  It's what I do every day.  I'm not sure if I could stand anything 
different."  

Melissa gently nipped his glans with her teeth and said, "Wise-ass.  I don't 
trust condoms, so I'm not going to let you inside my vagina.  How would you 
like to come in my back way while Stacy and I sixty-nine each other?  
You still have to wear a condom."

Rob said, "It sounds great.  I'll wear three if you want me to."  Melissa 
moved over so she was licking Stacy's dripping vagina while Stacy continued 
sliding her long tongue in and out of Melissa.  Rob got up and tore open a new 
aluminum foil container.  After he rolled it on, he kneeled over Stacy's head, 
slid his penis along Melissa's vulva to get some lubricating fluid.  Then he 
aimed at her tightly wrinkled little asshole.  He started pushing gently but 
got nowhere.

Melissa said, "Just a second.  Let me try to relax a bit."  Rob waited a 
moment then resumed his pressure.  He felt the head of his shaft inserting 
itself as he slowly forced her anal sphincter open.  Gradually, his penis head 
burrowed into her dark passage.  Once this got inside her, the rest of his 
shaft slid in a bit easier.  He had only done anal twice before, and he could-
n't identify what made it the most erotically arousing thing possible.  There 
was just something special feeling Melissa's ass cheeks spread wide apart and 
pushing into his hips.  Her sphincter squeezed tightly around his shaft as it 
slid in and out.  This was like jacking off to the tenth power.  Normally, Rob 
would have cum almost instantly.  Now, he was almost past having an orgasm.  
His arousal got him up to within five feet of the thousand-foot peak, but he 
couldn't make it over.  Rob was drenched with the pleasure, frustration and 
pain that happens a moment before orgasm.  But this wasn't just a moment.  It 
was going on and on and on.  The girls were making each other cum repeatedly, 
but he was being ripped apart by this mixture of ecstasy and frustration.  

Leslie could see this and had an idea.  She loved the feeling of sex when she 
was clean shaven, and she knew what it did to a guy when he did oral on her.  
She faced Rob, straddled the two girls and positioned her smooth hairless 
vulva in front of his mouth.  He instinctively moved forward and started to 
lick her.  The difference between hair and hairless seems small and unimport-
ant.  Rob wasn't expecting the delight he would get when his lips and tongue 
slid all over her slick, smooth vagina lips.  Before Leslie could even get 
started, he was cumming like a volcano deep inside Melissa's tight rectal 
tube.  Rob couldn't stop licking Leslie's beautiful soft, silky smooth slit.  
He also didn't lose his erection.  It kept plunging deep into Melissa's tight-
ly clenched little anal hole.  Leslie felt herself shivering, then jerking, 
then convulsing as his tongue electrified her clitoris.  This triggered his 
final psyche shattering ejaculation.  Everything turned sparkly, his head was 
spinning, his legs got weak and he slowly sank to the floor.  

Rob was lying supine, his eyes closed and his penis finally limp.  Melissa 
wasn't about to give up.  She ran her tongue along the bottom of it up and 
around the head.  She licked his balls, played with his penis and finally 
said, "Shit, I just can't get him hard."  At that moment Bill and Skip opened 
the door and walked in.

"If he can't help you, we sure can,"  said Skip.  All they saw were three 
beautiful naked girls and Rob asleep.  They had no idea what had just gone on 






and why he had passed out.

Bill ventured, "Yeah, you can't expect much from an engineer."  The girls 
looked at each other and grinned.

"Well, let's see if you measure up," said Leslie.  The riggers needed no 
further prompting, and quickly pulled off their clothes.  They were already 
hard from watching the naked girls play with the exhausted engineer.  The 
girls' eyes bugged out.  These guys were both really hung.  Bill was only 
eight inches long but more than three inches in diameter.  Skip was about two 
inches wide and at least ten inches long.  Leslie threw both of them foil 
containers.  

She said, "One size fits all," She added, mentally, ". . . I hope.  Oh shit, 
I'm not sure I can stretch that much."  The riggers opened the packages and 
rolled on the condoms quickly.  Leslie was already on her back but with her 
legs closed.  She chose Skip and told him to do it missionary style but with 
his legs straddling her.  Skip was used to this so he understood.  This posi-
tion would lengthen Leslie's vagina and keep him from injuring her from going 
in too deeply.  It would also hold him tighter and give him more friction.

He came quickly but he could keep going even though his rod was not as hard as 
it had been.  Leslie opened her legs so he could compensate for the softness.  
The feeling of her smooth shaved vulva against him revived him and he was able 
to continue.  Leslie had never had this big a cock inside her, and Skip knew 
what he was doing.  She had a series of orgasms that rivaled Stacy's multiple 
orgasm pattern.

Leslie and Skip switched ends.  She was licking his gigantic cock like a 
lollipop.  There was no way she could get it in her mouth.  When Skip started 
to lick her hard little clitoris surrounded by her smooth, pink plump lips, 
his erection returned instantly.  

Stacy got on her hands and knees and said she wanted it doggie style.  Bill 
was behind her and inside her before she knew what happened.  Her vagina was 
super sensitive from all the fucking and sucking she, Ron and the girls had 
just finished.  That, combined with the powerful stimulation from his fat 
sausage was more than enough to start her on another series of multiple or-
gasms.  Unfortunately, half way through her series, Bill came loudly, lost his 
erection and flopped out.  

Oral Melissa was on him instantly, as she slid the condom off his limp cock 
and tried to give it mouth to penis resuscitation.  Bill pushed her off and 
said, "Jesus Christ, let me rest awhile.  What are you, nymphos or something?"

Leslie said, "Forget one-shot Charlie.  Come over here, Melissa, and help me.  
Skip has more than one girl can handle."  Melissa joined them and sucked and 
licked his rod with a vengeance.  She wanted to show Bill what he was missing. 
As she opened her mouth and started to envelope Skip's shaft, she felt the 
head of his rod reach the back of her throat and begin to slide down.  Half of 
his organ was still outside her mouth, but she wanted it all.  Finally, he was 
completely inside her.  She could feel its head down behind her breast bone.  
Without any contact Melissa felt her vagina spasm and her clitoris tingling.  
Melissa was having a great orgasm from sucking this gigantic cock.  At the 
same time she could feel the semen surging through him and down her throat.  







Melissa had to separate so she could breathe.  "I've never felt anything like 
that in my life.  You have the most wonderful penis in the world.  I could 
suck you day and night and never get tired of it."

By then Rob was awake and saw that Stacy had been stopped just as she got 
started.  He moved over to her, caressed her back and kissed her gently on the 
cheek.  "I think you're the most beautiful, sensual woman I've ever seen.  
Bill sure doesn't realize just how wonderful you are."

"Not only that, he may have the equipment, but he sure doesn't have the skill 
and sensitivity you have.  Have we worn you out, or do you think you can go 
one last time?"  She looked down and saw his erection pointing almost straight 
up.  "You're something really special."  He reached for a packet, tore it open 
and rolled its contents onto himself.

Rob and Stacy continued kissing and petting each other as they lay back.  He 
started to move toward her breast, but she said, "Let's dispense with the 
preliminaries this time.  I'm too close as it is."  She spread her legs and 
pulled him on top of her.  Without aiming or trying, Rob's penis seemed to 
know exactly where it belonged.  They slid together as he sank inside her.  
Slowly, he started to move and she responded just a bit faster.  Each time as 
he speeded up, she did so, too.  Stacy was moaning and thrashing around as she 
began to orgasm.  Her vagina was pulsating and constricting around Rob's shaft 
in time with her orgasmic surges.  It took much longer for him, but he finally 
started to ejaculate.  His penis was pumping in time with her surges.  He had 
no more fluid to pump, but he didn't stop jerking.  He was plunging deeply in 
and out and jerking at the same time.  Stacy continued her continuous orgasm.  
About now, the other four noticed what was going on.  They all stopped and 
watched while Rob and Stacy rammed their hips together faster than they would 
have seemed capable of.  Neither slowed and neither was at all aware that they 
were on exhibition.  They stared deeply into each other's eyes, their mouths 
and tongues were joined, their arms were wrapped around each other and they 
continued to pull apart and ram together.   After twenty-five minutes Rob sank 
down on Stacy and lay there limply but still joined.  His penis was continuing 
with little spasms and jerks.

"Rob, you do things to me no one has ever done before."  She kissed him gent-
ly.

"Stacy, they're my feelings, exactly."  They lay there for another fifteen 
minutes, regaining their strength.  The other girls said nothing but glanced 
at Skip and especially Bill with something akin to disappointment and disdain.

Rob got up unsteadily and said, "I'd better get a little dressed so I can go 
outside and use the toilet."  He had just got his pants on when there was a 
knock on the door.  

"Who could that be?" whispered Melissa.  

"I don't know.  All of you, hide in the alcove behind the transmitter," whis-
pered Rob, pointing behind the tall gray cabinets.  He quickly put his shirt 
back on and hoped whoever it was, wouldn't notice he was barefoot.  He opened 
the door and it was an older, large, woman gym teacher from the school.  







"Who are you?  You haven't seen any girls around here have you?" 

"I'm the engineer adjusting the transmitter antenna for the TV station.  Uh, 
no ma'am, I haven't seen anyone around here," Rob fibbed.  

"Well, I see that construction crew isn't around now, I don't trust those 
types, but you look nice enough.  If you should see them, please tell them to 
get back to their rooms immediately."

"OK," said Rob, and closed the door.  "Whew, was that ever close," he said 
after he heard the teacher plod back down the path.   

"Well, we had better be going," said Melissa.  

"How much longer will you be here?" asked Stacy.  

"We're done," said Bill, "Time to move on to the next job."

"They won't, but I work for this station so I'll have to come up once a week 
for equipment inspections," Rob added. 

"Well, we can see more of each other," said Stacy, smiling."  
"You can be sure of that.  In fact, I think the equipment at this location is 
going to need maintenance at least two or three times a week," said Rob.

The girls laughed then put their swim suits back on and headed down the path.  
Rob knew he wanted to do maintenance work on Stacy's equipment for a long, 
long time.

The riggers got in their truck and drove down the hill for the last time.  "I 
still think engineers are weird," said Bill.  "How the hell he could keep up 
with those three nymphos is beyond me.  I don't even know why he'd want to 
bother.  After I come, I'm not interested anymore."

"Yeah, I usually feel the same way, but they sure squeezed a hell of a good 
second one out of me.  He IS strange, but he sure matches them.  He's whatever 
they call a male nympho.  They deserve each other.  Fucking's great, but 
enough is enough."

Rob stood at the door watching the disappearing truck, enjoying the beautiful 
lights of the city and smiling with anticipation of doing more engineering 
maintenance up here.