Archive-name: 3plus/ca-plane.txt
Archive-author: Brush Strokes
Archive-title: Ca Plane Pour Moi


I apologize because I have no proof reader.  Such stories I don't share
with my officemates.  There will be typos but not blatant errors.
This is part of a much larger idea and if I get enough positive feedback,
I may finish it.

Copyright, Brush Strokes, all rights reserved, etc.


I was at McCracken's Pub.  It's where I always went after we had a fight.
I wasn't one to drown my sorrows in cheap gin, but I did need to just
get away.  I was taking a sip of my club soda when I noticed the girl.
Girl, woman, babe, potential-horizontal-partner -- whatever the current 
nomenclature -- she was it.  Pretty, Asian and in her early twenties.  Make 
that Asian-with-tits,  better than chocolate-chip-cookie-dough ice cream.  It 
figured.  I can get in a row with my fiance, but I can't seem to avoid her.  
Like the girl in the bar, Ginny was an Asian-with-tits.  They were different.  
Ginny (Virginia) was a Singaporean, twenty-eight, business suit and very 
profession.   The one at the bar was young wearing a summer dress that was 
destine to be given away once she hit thirty.  There was an unspoken rule 
that such outfits can only be worn while you have a two in the first digit of 
your age.  This one was at least eight years from thirty.

In his infinite wisdom, God touched this girl's mind.  She made eye
contact with me, smiled, got off her stool and started walk towards me.  
I looked over my shoulder for the model/body-builder/movie-star who must
have been sitting behind me.  Just a couple construction worker types.

``Hey sailor,'' she said.  ``Buy me a drink.''

``I'm not a sailor,'' I replied.  Obviously, she had a sailor fetish which 
explained why she'd come over.  I mean, I look surprisingly like a comptroller 
for an advertising firms.  By coincidence, that's my profession.

``I know that,'' she laughed.  ``You look like a business type who
does racquet ball on the weekends and a stair master twice at week at lunch
time.''

``Stationary bike,'' I replied waving toward the bartender.  She ordered a
planters punch.  It came with a little stirring straw which no one ever 
bothers to drink through.  She bothered.  Red lipstick wrapped around the
straw.  Had I been her knight in shiny armor, a loud gong would have
been heard.

She knew what I was starring at.  She set her drink down and smiled.
``What's your name?'' she asked.

``Alex.''

``I'm Melissa,'' she replied. ``And I'm going to tell you why I'm talking
with you.  Your not bad looking and certainly won't spend half a date 
looking at yourself in the mirror.  You seem like a nice guy and I'm willing
to give you a chance.''

``A chance?'' I asked.

``Yes, we're going to date.  If we hit it off, we'll do the who rigamarole.
We'll both get tested and take it to that next stage and Date with a 
capital `D' that stands for fornication.  First you have to prove that you 
won't bore me to death and that you're a nice guy.''

I looked up half expecting to see God looking down at me giving me a
sly wink.  Christ, Allah, Johova or Krishna, the wink was inferred.
``Look, Melissa.  I'm a nice guy and I wouldn't bore you.  For a woman
like you I'd juggle while riding a unicycle.  I'll be honest.  I'm 
engaged and very much in love.''

Again, she did unto the straw what every guy in the wished was done unto them.
``What if I said it didn't matter?  What if I wanted you anyway and wanted
you tonight?''

I set my drink down and stood up to leave.  ``I'd be dishonest if I said
you're not a temptation, but I already have someone else.''

Behind me I heard clapping.  I turned around to see my fiance to end
all fiances, Ginny.  She smiled and quickly planted a kiss on my cheek.
``I knew you'd pass,'' she said with a laugh.

Most men when propositioned by a beautiful woman and then greeted so
warmly by a second would be ecstatic.   Most men hadn't had the day I had.
``You can be such a bitch,'' was all I said as I headed for the door.

Ginny and Melissa caught up to me out on the street before I could hail
a cab.  Each took an arm and steered me down the street.  Ginny in her
typical straight-to-business fashion, explained.  ``I'm sorry we fought
earlier but Melissa is here to help.''

I looked over at Melissa wondering if I should air our dirty laundry.  I
figured she was already privy to all our secrets so I replied, ``What, by 
testing me?  I've waited this long, I told you I could wait another six 
months.''

Ginny snuggled closer to me and I could feel myself melting.  ``Darling,''
she said.  ``Melissa is the solution to our problem.  I'm going to let you
sleep with her.''

I stopped and looked Ginny right in the eyes.  She was dead serious.  I
knew this wasn't a test or some bizarre game.  ``Wait right here,'' I
said to both of them as I stepped into the convenience store we'd halted
by.  ``One mega-buckets ticket, please.''  I told the clerk.  I gave him a
buck and got what I knew was the sole winning ticket to this week's
thirty million dollar jackpot.  It wasn't ESP that gave me this knowledge.  It 
was more simple than that.  A beautiful Asian girl approached me in a bar and 
propositioned me.  Too good to be true.  My equally beautiful fiance who just 
so happens to still be a virgin and who refuses to give head because she hates 
the taste tells me that this other girl is mine as payment for my patience.  
Obviously, if the lottery ticket wasn't a winner, gold was going to fall out 
of the sky, so I'd more than make my buck back plus a couple of casinos
in Atlantic City.

I was in a daze as we caught a cab and found myself sandwiched between
two women who were nuzzled up against me.  It made some sense, but not
total.  If Ginny had been anyone else, I would have pushed her to find a way
to satisfy me.  Even though we'd been dating for a while, she still
intimidated me.  I'd met Ginny two years ago at the company picnic.  If I'd 
known who she was, I wouldn't have had the guts to ask her out.  It was when
I picked her up for our first date, that I realized who she was.  There
were over three thousand people working for our firm.  Of all the other
employees I could have hit on, I chose the boss's daughter.  Yes, he's
worth millions while I'm worth a $1.48 on payday.  Ginny liked me
because I'd asker her out not knowing who she was and because it
didn't bother me that she was the only woman amongst the four million
in the Tri-State area that was saving herself for marriage.  

When we made it up to Ginny's flat, she had her own ideas on foreplay.
Melissa was sipping a glass of wine and I was nursing a beer as Ginny
laid down the ground-rules.  ``Alex, I love you and it will hurt me to
know you're making love to another woman.''  I started to interrupt her,
but she motioned for me to keep quiet.  ``I love you and want you to
be happy, but not too happy.  You're not allowed to make love to Melissa
or even to have sex with her.''

``Then what are we talking about?'' I asked.

``We'll define it as masturbation inside her,'' Ginny explained.  ``You'll 
lie on my bed blind folded.  You won't be allowed to touch her.  No kissing.  
No fondling her breasts.  She'll then satisfy you and leave.  And best of 
all we don't have to worry about silliness like disease or pregnancy.
I did my homework in choosing Melissa.''

I thought about it for a second.  Given that I had not made love to a
woman in over two years, I could live with her rules.  I nodded my head and
Ginny didn't waste any time.  She slid next to me on the couch, threw
her arms around me and started kissing me like a woman possessed.  The whole
idea seemed to turn her on incredibly, do much for her speech on being
the hurt lover sharing me.  I couldn't help buy notice Melissa
watching us.  It was a little strange, but when in Rome...  As our tongues 
probed each other's mouth, I opened her blouse and she clawed to get my shirt 
off.  This was exactly the situation we'd been in when we'd had the row that 
had sent me off to McCracken's Pub, a row Ginny must have planned.  The 
difference this time was that now she'd arranged a way to satisfy me.

Before we got to the below the waist stage, Ginny took me by the hands and
lead me into her bedroom.  She sat me on the edge of the bed, while she
took a red silk scarf and used it to blind fold me.  ``Do you remember
the rules?'' she demanded.

``Of course, I do.'' I replied.  I couldn't see her, but somehow that added
to the edge of authority in her voice.  

``And they're acceptable!'' she added.

``Of course,'' I answered.  Ginny didn't waste time.  I stood up so
she could slide my pants off, along with shoes and socks.  Ginny stepped away
from me and I was turned over to Melissa.  She didn't waste time either and
immediately took my cock in her mouth as I sat on the edge of the bed.  It
was something Ginny would never do because she even loathed the taste of
pre-cum. 

For all intensive purposes, I was a virgin.  I'd had a normal to above normal 
sex life before Ginny and then two years of no mouth, vagina or even ass.  
That made me a virgin in forty-nine of the fifty states and the District
of Columbia.  The feeling of Melissa's tongue making circles around the
head of my cock was going to send me over the edge.  Thirty seconds of blow
job and I was going to shoot off.  One hand instinctively grabbed Melissa by 
the back of the head just to make sure that it wasn't going to try and dodge 
responsibility.  My other hand more-than-instinctively grabbed her abundance
of breasts.  Her mouth was working up and down furiously, while my hand
played roughly with her breasts.  It had been far too long to ponder being
gentle.

Ginny was not gentle either.  Just as I was about to come, the blow came.
It sent me reeling and left my face stinging.  ``You bastard,'' she screamed.

``What?'' I asked fumbling for the blindfold.

She grabbed my hands.  ``What are you doing?'' she demanded.  ``I can
do more than slap you.''  Her voice had the edge of a knife.

``Ginny's what's going on?'' I asked.

She was on top of me and had pinned my hands over my head.  I could have
easily thrown her off, but this was the woman of my dreams and I wasn't going
to hurt her.  ``You bastard.  I told you not tits.  You're not supposed
to make love to her.''

``I'm sorry.  It's been two years.''  Ginny had been lucky that up until
this point I hadn't jumped any mannequin at Sax.  I was in no position to
point this out.

``Well, this won't due,'' she replied.  ``New rule.''

``What?'' I asked.

Ginny didn't answer.  She slid my hands together over my head and before
I could react slipped them into what felt like handcuffs.  ``Ginny?  What
are you doing?''  Yes, I knew what she was doing, but I didn't know what
she was DOING.  She remained silent and slid off me.  Any protest I may
have had was quickly silenced as Melissa mouth returned to her work.  While
Melissa provided the oral distraction, Ginny brought my cuffed hands over
my head and attached them to the bed.  Shackles pulled my legs
apart and were also attached to the bed.  I didn't care long so long
as Melissa's mouth did it's work.  I quickly came back to life.  I could feel 
her breast slide against me as she climbed on top of me.  She was straddling 
me.  I couldn't believe.  It was actually going to happen.  Two years of cold 
showers and then it was over.   I last all over fifteen seconds inside her 
and had a very anticlimatic climax.

I could hear Ginny laugh as Melissa climbed off of me.  Ginny took
her place.  ``It's okay, dear.'' she cooed.  Melissa will be back in a
few minutes.  You certainly didn't leave her satisfied and I'm sure you'll
be up for a few more times.''

``At least,'' I replied.

Ginny was naked, very wet and wasted no time.  I was blindfolded and
spread eagle, but she could still use my mouth.  She straddled me and
started to rub furiously against my tongue.  I loved her taste and always
had made her come even though she hadn't offered me an acceptable form
of reciprocation.  As Ginny rubbed away, I again felt a mouth begin to work
on my penis.  Melissa's technique was different this time, but still
effective.  Ginny exploded and was about to when I felt something cool
and metal slip around my shaft.  I wanted to explode by it was blocking me.  

I pushed my hips up furiously and heard Melissa gag, as Ginny slid off my
face.  No matter how hard I thrust, I couldn't overcome the pressure of
the ring.  ``What are you doing?''  I asked Ginny trying not to let
any desperation creep into my voice.  The only thing that go her off more
than a ride on my face was control and I didn't want her to know her's
was now total.

Ginny was patient with her explanation.  ``This is your punishment for
your fondling Melissa's tits.''

``You bitch,'' I replied.  ``You set me up.  You already had the ring
and the handcuffs.  You knew what would happen.''

``Yes, so what?''  Ginny's voice was ice cold, but I didn't care.  
Melissa was on top of me and I was pounding into her furiously.  I was
convinced that if I could just fuck her hard enough, I could overcome
the pressure of the ring.  Melissa let out a squeal and shuttered.
I didn't let up and she was quickly back in rhythm.   She let out
out a much louder yell and shook more fiercely.  I doubled my efforts
to thrust upwards.  The third time did her in.  She was screaming
at the top of her lungs and rolled off me when the shuttering
ceased.  She slipped off the bed leaving me fucking the air.

Immediately a mouth engulfed my penis.  I had no idea who the new party was,
I didn't care.  I didn't care when another woman straddled my face.
I worried for a second that I was breaking the rules, but Ginny could
have put a stop to it when ever she wanted.  I just kept fucking with 
both tongue and penis.  When the woman on my face finished another took
her place.  Mercifully, the one who was giving me head, slid the ring up
and off my cock.  Another woman all together than mounted my penis
while my savior cupped my balls in her hand.  The woman on my face came
in unison with me.  I was given no rest.  A huge pair of breasts was
dangled in my face as a mouth worked to resurrect me.

I have no idea how many times I came.  Five or six.  It was like being
seventeen again.  I don't know how many women road my face or dangled
their breast in my mouth.  I didn't care.  Two years of hot and heavy
foreplay with Ginny and I was being rewarded.  I fell asleep in my hand
cuffs and slept more soundly than I had in two years.  I was dead to
the world.

--
