
                             (ff, mf, incest, teen)

      The following story was written by a dear friend, my lover and sexual
soulmate.  We are both professional writers.  Years ago, we began exchanging
stories -- xxx erotica she called them. Two years ago, Tiffany (Not her real
name) moved away with her husband and two children.  Slowly, we've lost touch.
I'm left with fabulous memories and these stories.  She gave these stories to
me.  We never intended to publish them; in fact, I'm quite certain that she'd
deny authorship.

      I've decided to share these stories with you.  They are treasures that
should be shared.  I'm posed with a slight problem, however.  The stories were
created on a Brother word processor. So far, I've been unsuccessful in
converting them to DOS format. Until I solve this problem, I'm forced to
manually type them into my PC.  As time permits, I'll try to post one a week.
Any advice would be greatly appreciated.  I can't take them to anyone, or mail
them.  I must do this alone.  Protecting Tiffany's anonymity is paramount.
Don't bother asking for her address.

      Tiffany's stories pander to a combination of my tastes and hers.  They
are fantasy, but much of Tiffany's work is more fact than fiction.  Few of her
stories are complete.  Like sex, they build to an explosive climax and then
simply fade away.  Her stories have one purpose: to induce an orgasm in the
reader. This is one-hand fiction.  Pace yourself.  Feel yourself being drawn
into the story.  Save your climax until the very end.  Cum with Tiffany.

      I should also add that she has done most of what she writes about.  Many
of her characters are drawn from real life -- some are people she has
encountered in her writing career.  Keep in mind that regardless of how bizarre
her stories are, it probably happened much like it was written -- if not to
her, then to someone close to her.  She is a remarkable woman, a sexual dynamo,
and a decent human being.

      Enjoy!
           Phil Phantom


                                  Cabin Fever
                                   By TIFFANY

      My woman's intuition told me something bad would result from this trip.
Brent, my husband, suddenly developed this need to commune with nature.  Brenda
didn't want to go.  We had to practically drag her to the station wagon.  Phil
and Carl, however, my twin fourteen-year-old boys, were eager to get out into
the remote wilderness.  Brent found the cabin and made the plans.  I went along
like a good wife.

       Once at the cabin, light years from anywhere, my anxiety grew.  No
phone, no electricity, and having no toilet didn't help.  We weren't there
thirty minutes when five armed men burst in on us. They pushed Brent before
them, bound and gaged.  My heart sank. I clutched my kids to me and we huddled
in a corner. We watched helplessly as they shoved Brent into a chair and bound
him in place.

      After securing Brent, the leader approached us with a leering grin.  The
others crowded around, snickering and laughing. The man holding the pistol
waved it casually while addressing me. He said, "Lady, this ain't your day. You
see, we are bad desperados, and it looks like we'll be holed up here together
for a few days."

      I pleaded, "Please don't hurt anyone."

      "We don't plan to, but then that all depends on you.  We have to lay low
for a few days.  You see, we just robbed a bank. If everybody stays cool and
cooperates, nobody gets hurt.  You guys can go about your little vacation, and
we'll move on.  I'll just say this once, though.  If any of you tries anything,
sneaks off, or pisses us off, your old man gets a bullet right between the
eyes, understand?"

      I nodded.  He shouted, "I'm talking to all of you."  We all nodded.
"Now, you guys go sit on that couch and let us have a little meeting.  No
talking."

      We moved quickly and took seats.  Brenda hugged me like a second skin,
trembling in fear.  I tried to soothe her by placing my arm around her and
stroking her forehead.  I worried about her as I observed the men staring at
her and laughing.  My Brenda is an absolute dream, a real beauty at sixteen.
The lust in their eyes was quite obvious.

      As I studied the five men, something told me that they weren't really
dangerous.  They acted the part, but it looked like an act.  I took some
comfort in that; it's all I had to cling to.

      After a brief discussion, the tall leader came over and said, "You're
going to have to entertain us while we're here.  If we get bored, we get
dangerous.  Why don't you start by unwrapping this gorgeous doll for us.

      My heart stopped.  I pleaded, "Please, don't touch my kids, I beg you.
Do what you want with me, but leave them alone."

      "Get her up and strip the bitch, now!"

      "Please, she's just a child."

      He calmly walked over to Brent, put the gun to his head and said, "You
have five seconds to do what I told you."

      Brent squinted and cringed.  I leapt to my feet and dragged Brenda to her
feet.  He said, "Put her in the center of the room where we can all get a good
look."

      I pulled Brenda into place.  She cowered and cried.  I cupped her cheeks,
forcing her to look me in the eyes.  I said, "Look, we have no choice.  You
father's life is at stake.  You put aside your modesty.  This will get much
worse before it's over, but it will get over if we hold together, understand?"

      Brenda nodded weakly as the big guy shouted, "Stop the gabbing and start
the stripping."  Brenda stood shaking as I undid the buttons of her blouse.  It
felt so odd to be undressing her.  Unlike her brothers who cavort half naked
half the time, Brenda is very shy about her body.  None of us ever saw her not
fully clothed.  I sometimes go about in bra and panties, but not Brenda.

      I knew that Brent was taking this ordeal as a mixed blessing.  I knew he
fantasized about Brenda.  We both exchange fantasies during lovemaking, and
anything goes.  We give each other free license to fantasize.  He hears me talk
about men I'd like to fuck, dogs I want to fuck, and women I want to go down
on.  I hear him talk about Brenda, about me having sex with the boys, and
Brenda and I involved in an incestuous lesbian relationship.  We both know
we're all talk.  Neither of us has the guts to actually do anything.

      As I removed Brenda's blouse and uncovered her silky smooth skin and
dainty bra, I knew Brent must be secretly enjoying himself.  Impulsively, I
moved behind Brenda to unveil her breasts.  I wanted to give Brent a good view
of the unveiling; but in doing so, I gave everybody a good view.  While
standing behind her, peering over her shoulder, I noticed the twins sitting
forward, eyes bugged out, as eager as the men to see her tits.  My vagina
responded to this bizarre situation.  Though my conscious mind rebelled, my
pussy loved what I was about to do.

      I reached around her with both arms and found the center clasp.  I worked
it free with dramatic, sensuous slowness, paused, then peeled back the cups.
The room erupted in applause and cheers.  Phil and Carl were smiling.  Brent's
eyes stared unabashedly.  I peered down on her two beauties while whispering in
her ear, "Put your hands down, sweetheart.  Stick out your chest, be proud.
Don't be ashamed."

      Brenda let her arms go limp at her side.  She stood a little straighter.
I marveled at her perfectly formed breasts and her dark brown, quarter-sixed
nipples, quivering with her sobs.  I continued to say encouraging words in her
ear as I stood close and ran my hands down her front to the snap of her shorts.
Her soft skin and clean, fresh, youthful scent caused a tingling sensation to
course through me.

      I loved the feel of her tawny skin and after unsnapping and unzipping her
shorts, I slipped my hands inside to work them down, dropping to one knee as I
went lower.  I felt along the fronts of both legs while staring at the rear of
her tender inner thighs.  I took longer than necessary removing her shorts.  I
stayed to remove her sandals, studying the creamy texture of her legs as I
worked.

      After freeing her of her sandals, I sat back on my heels to take in the
delicious sight of Brenda, standing in front of eight males, wearing only
panties, shivering like a trapped animal.  I cast my eyes around the room,
wanting to sear the memory in my mind -- fuel for future fantasy.  Calls to
show pussy rang out.  I reached up and hooked my fingers into her panty
waistband.  With dramatic pause, I eased them down, following the progress by
watching her white moons slowly fill my vision.  My eyes focused at the
juncture of her thighs as the panties went lower.  When her pussy peeked out,
the men howled, whistled, stomped their feet, and shouted vulgar praise.   They
could not have had a better view than I.  My eyes were inches from her labia. I
studied the twin pillows, downed with soft, light hairs, framing her vaginal
crease.  I watched that crease part and show pink wetness as I lifted each foot
to free the panties.  I prayed that these perverts were perverted enough to
want to see a mother go down on her daughter.

      With the panties off, I stood and came around to her front. I tried not
to look down, but the sight of her naked beauty so helplessly displayed
defeated me.  My eyes wandered down to her crotch.  The vision was
electrifying.  Her light pubic patch barely concealed anything.  Her inflamed
lips were plainly visible, and her clit stood out, pink and shiny.  Her nipples
were also erect. When it dawned on me that I was making a fool of myself by
staring at her vagina, I looked up.  My eyes met Brenda's, and hers seemed to
be saying, "Mom, why are you looking at me there?"  My face reddened, but I
smiled inwardly.

      The big man took Brenda forcefully by the elbow and marched her over to
Brent.  He stood her before Brent and said, "This is one fine piece of pussy
you raised here, Brent.  Ever see her naked?"

      Brent shook his head, never taking his eyes off of Brenda, especially her
crotch.  The man spun Brenda around, facing away from Brent, ordered her to
spread her feet out, then applied pressure to her back, forcing her low.  I
knew what Brent must have been seeing.  His eyes bugged out, zeroed in on her
lower ass.  The man ran his hand over the rear plane of Brenda's crotch
bringing an instant mortification to Brenda's face.  She buried her face in her
hands.  He teased, "Ain't this some grade-A pussy?  Man, she is so tight."  He
reached into Brent's lap and squeezed his crotch, declaring, "Hey, it looks
like little Brenda gave her daddy a boner."  He turned to me and said, "What's
your name, anyway?"

      "Julie."

      "Well, Julie, you better get over here and free this suffering man's
cock."

      I gulped, but moved.  I came alongside of Brent's chair and knelt.  I
reached for his fly, taking a quick glance at Brenda's ass.  Her pussy was open
and wet.  I fished out Brent's cock.  It was as hard as I've ever seen it.  Out
of habit, my fingers curled around it and squeezed.  The man pushed on Brenda's
shoulders, forcing her to waddle back until her legs went outside of Brent's,
and her ass was right over his dick.  My heart beat a rapid tattoo as I
realized what was about to happen.  The man said, "Squat, bitch!"

      No one told me to aim Brent's cock at her pussy, but that's what I found
myself doing as her open cunt closed the gap.  I brought my head into Brent's
lap so as not to miss a thing.  When Brenda felt the rubbery head of her
father's cock poke her pussy, she stopped.  I had the cock poised at her
opening.  I took the opportunity to rub the head through her slit, coating it
in her juices, smearing his precum.  Brent's cock throbbed in my fist. I gave
it a few pumps and anxiously awaited the final order. That order never came.
They were all just waiting and watching. I never wanted anything more in my
life than to see Brent's cock take Brend's cherry.  I waited two minutes, then
placed my left hand on her left hip and pulled, saying, "Ease down slowly,
dear."

      Brenda hesitated, then dropped an inch.  Brent's cockhead parted her
lips. I pulled harder.  She sank another inch with a groan.  The head popped
inside. I wet his shaft with saliva and told her it would hurt less if she just
sat down quickly.  Brenda cried out, "Mom, no, I can't."

      "Brenda, sit!" I almost shouted.

      We waited for a minute.  In exasperation, I grabbed both hips and drew
her down.  Brenda let go and sat with a loud shriek.  A cheer rang out.  The
feeling was exquisite.  I looked up to Brent's face and smiled.  His eyes
smiled back.

      I stood and came around to the front beside the leader.  We were both
looking down into the stuffed crotch of my daughter.  I looked to the man and
said, "There, are you satisfied?"

      He seemed to see right through me.  He smiled and said, "Are you?"

      I turned red and looked back to Brenda's crotch.  My boys had moved off
of the couch and were on either side of me.  The others were gathered close
around in a semi-circle.  We were all eager to see Brenda fuck herself on her
father's cock, but nobody said anything.  Brenda just sat there with her head
bowed and her knees pressed tight to her fathers legs.  I couldn't take
anymore.  I moved forward and knelt before Brenda, lifting her head and saying,
"Look, sweetheart.  It's done.  You're a woman now.  It's not so bad, is it?"

      Her head shook slightly in my hand.  I said, "You have to finish this.
You understand, don't you?"

      She nodded slightly.  I wanted to give us all a better view, so I gently
pushed on her shoulders until her back rested against Brent's chest.  I planted
each of her feet out a foot from Brent's legs, then pushed her knees out.  In
this position, her cunt was openly on display.  Her cunt lips were stretched
thin around the invader.  A little trickle of blood stained the base of Brent's
cock.  I told her to lift and drop, lift and drop. Brenda slowly complied,
sobbing all the while.  My eyes stayed glued to the shaft moving in and out by
inches.  I coached her to lift higher each time until she was sliding up to the
crown, then settling back fully.  I stayed in place for several long strokes,
then stood back to give everyone an unobstructed view.

      I expected her to close her knees after I released her, but she remained
as I'd set her.  Brenda looked absolutely vulgar, working her cunt up and down
on her dad's cock.  I was so turned on, I wanted someone, anyone to rip my
clothes off and fuck the shit out of me.  While everyone was mesmerized by the
scene before us, I eased over to the leader and slyly eased my hand over his
crotch.  I gave his hard cock a gentle squeeze. Suddenly, he spun me around to
face him.  He grabbed my chin roughly and shouted, "Keep your fucking hands off
of my cock, bitch, understand!"

      I blushed deeply and nodded.  He thrust me away.  My humiliation could
not have been more complete if he had pissed on me.  After he thought for a
moment, he said, "Strip, Julie!"

      In absolute shame, I began removing my clothes and was totally naked in
less than a minute.  Brenda watched me while continuing her fucking.  So did my
boys, and they were close by. After I was nude, he said, "If you want to get
off on this, masturbate."

      My face went pale.  I looked to him with pleading eyes.  He laughed and
said, "I said play with your cunt, bitch!  Get both hands to work right now."

      My hands moved mechanically to my crotch under my boys' watchful eyes.  I
noticed that Brenda stared also.  I felt so cheap and decadent.  When my
fingers met my super heated cunt, those feelings quickly melted away.  Within a
minute, I was masturbating myself as if alone in my bedroom.  I took little
notice of the activity going on between me and my lewdly copulating family.
Several of the men were busy dragging an ice chest between us, placing it at
Brent's feet.  They placed a cushion from the couch on it, then came and took
me by the arms. They led me to their setup, turned me, then laid me on my back
over the cushion.  I instantly realized the utility as my head lolled back off
of the cushion's edge.  My head rested in Brent's lap and I was looking right
up Brenda's pussy -- getting an inverted view from a mere inches away.

      The men lifted my legs, and I heard them address my boys, saying, "Here,
you two help your horny mother."  I lifted my head and peered down my front in
time to see Phil and Carl each take a leg.  The feel of their hands on me like
that was so titillating. On the urging of the men, they spread my legs to their
fullest. I dropped my head back to resume my visual feast.  In seconds, my
hands were back in my crotch.  Seconds later, I was plunging three fingers in
my soupy twat while rubbing my clit like a maniac.

      During all of this, a change had taken place in Brenda. Gone were her
tears and sobs.  She no longer hid her face.  Her hands, which had been hanging
loosely, were now supporting her ass.  Her face was a mask of passion.  Her
eyes were looking down my body, going from my tits to my crotch.  Her movements
were more rapid, and she'd put a slight wiggle in her hips.  Her juices poured
out, soaking Brent's crotch and filling the air with her heady scent.  Her clit
looked red and angry and stood out like a tiny cock.  Her nipples were tight
dime-sized buttons on her heaving chest.  She was the vision of uncontrolled
lust.

      All through this ordeal, our abductors mocked us, calling us sluts and
perverts.  We both seemed to feed off their remarks. Someone said, "Look at
that little whore ride that cock." Brenda's hips instantly reacted with violent
movement, dislodging her father's cock.  I watched her frantically reach for it
and re-impale herself, bringing howls of laughter.  Her hands remained in her
crotch to prevent another loss and the fingers of her right hand began rubbing
hard on her clit.  She exploded in climax seconds later, bucked violently and
screamed.  She triggered Brent's orgasm and milky semen began oozing from
around his imbedded cock.  My orgasm followed Brent's.  I pounded my cunt
shamelessly while straining to get my tongue on one of the cum trails running
down Brent's balls.

      The leader shouted, "Let her go."  My legs dropped to the floor.  Freed
of this constraint, I rolled onto my belly, pulled myself forward, and attacked
their loins.  My lust was mind numbing.  All I saw was cum, cock, pussy, and
balls.  Brenda had collapsed after her release, breathing heavily.  I lapped
hungrily at the juices leaking from their genitals.  My efforts became centered
on my daughter's exciting vagina.  I licked and sucked, kissed and nibbled.  I
stiffened my tongue and tried to wedge it in alongside Brent's slowly deflating
cock.

      Someone knelt behind me and was stuffing a very respectable cock up my
fevered cunt.  I wiggled my ass shamelessly to welcome it.  While sucking on
Brenda's clit nub, I looked up her front and saw her looking at me with an
amused expression.  I held her eyes and flicked her clit.  She gave a little
lift of her pelvis. I smiled, kissed her clit, then sucked it ravenously,
making her buck against my mouth.  Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed
Phil's face near my right cheek.

      The cock in my cunt came quickly and was immediately replaced with
another.  Someone else was jacking off near my left cheek, aiming a bright
purple cockhead at Brenda's mound. Seconds latter, thick pearly strands
peppered her mons and my cheek.  I turned into the stream and engulfed the
head, sucking the remainder and swallowing.  Afterwards, I licked the rest from
Brenda's curls.  I returned to licking Brenda as another cock, a small cock,
Carl's cock appeared on my left.  I watched him jack off near my face,
occasionally touching my cheek with his weeping cock.  On impulse, I turned and
engulfed it, sucking hard while he continued jacking.  He came quickly and I
nursed on my son's pecker.  When I finished, Carl's was at the ready on my
right, and I serviced him.

      After swallowing Carl's load, the leader pulled me to my feet.  He was
naked and sporting a long, thin erection in his fist.  He said, "I want you to
feed this to your little whore."

      I took hold of his nine-inch rod and led him to Brenda's left side.  She
was still impaled on Brent's semi-erect cock.  I turned her head and guided the
cock to her lips, saying, "Here, sweetheart.  Suck on it like a good girl."

      Brenda's jaw slackened.  Her lips flowed over the crown and formed a
tight seal.  Her cheeks hollowed.  I began pumping the six inches of shaft
outside her mouth, feeling as decadent as any mother possibly could, and loving
it. One of the younger men came up on Brenda's other side and fisted his cock
at her face. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw the first pearly strand leap
from the tiny slit.  It landed diagonally across the bridge of her nose from
eyebrow to jaw.  Others quickly followed, landing mostly near her mouth.

      If there was any doubt in anyone's mind that I was not a willing
participant in my daughter's debauch, I dispelled that with my next act.  I
scooped a line of cum on my finger, still wet from my cunt, and smeared it onto
Brenda's lips.  When the leader saw what I wanted to do, he pulled out.  I put
my finger in her mouth. Brenda sucked my finger.  I gathered more, using two
fingers.  She opened for me each time and sucked the sperm from my digits.  I
took a long lap with my tongue along her right cheek and gathered sperm.  I
cupped her upturned face, then glued my mouth to hers, inserting my stiff
tongue.  Brenda sucked it hungrily.  I cleaned her face in this manner, using
the kiss to pass my treasure.

      Brent had the best view of this as Brenda's head lay back on his
shoulder. We kissed passionately after the last of the sperm, each was
reluctant to stop. Brenda's left hand took my right breast and squeezed.  I
removed her hand and shoved it between my legs.  I brought her other hand to my
breast, still holding the kiss.  The males gathered around and were loudly
commenting on us. Neither Brenda, nor I cared what they said. We were lost in
our passion. Brenda's fingers were exploring my hot pussy with wild abandon,
entering me and pinching my clit.

      Her uninhibited lust fueled my passions further.  I wanted everyone to
see how hot she was for me.  I wanted to put on a performance.  I broke our
lip-lock, stood erect, and lifted my right foot, placing it behind Brenda's
head on the chair back.

      As I expected, Brenda's hand remained in my crotch as I assumed this new
position.  I bent my knee and brought my pussy close to her face.  I placed my
hands on my hips and presented a lewd spectacle.  My audience approved wildly.
Brent looked at me with disbelieving but approving eyes.  I made no other overt
action.  I wanted to see what Brenda would do on her own.  She studied my cunt,
using her fingers and eyes.  Her head slowly drifted close under the urging of
the guys, chanting, "Eat her cunt!"  I watched her progress with great
anticipation.  I saw her breathe in my musky scent and noticed her favorable
reaction. With her lips inches from my clit, she turned mischievous eyes up my
torso.  Our eyes locked and exchanged a silent message.  Mine told her to give
the guys a good show.  Hers told me, "I've wanted to do this to you for years."

      After taking two loads of cum up my twat, it was a sloppy mess.  That
didn't seem to bother Brenda at all.  Her puckered lips closed the distance,
kissed my clit, then she stuck her tongue far out and drew it up my slit.  She
was performing to the crowd, and continued lapping me like a hungry pup,
pausing frequently to lick sperm from my thighs.  I began directing her, using
vulgar encouragements, calling her Mommy's little cunt lapper.  I changed my
stance to present her with my left leg so she could get at the long trails that
had dribbled past my calf. After my legs were clean, I turned my ass to her,
widened my stance and bent way down,  I pulled my cheeks apart, looking at her
from between my thighs.  Brenda pulled her face into my ass and began licking
me from clit to anus, probing my asshole with her stiffened tongue.

      Though it wasn't necessary, I shouted, "Get your tongue up my asshole,
you little whore."  Brenda responded by pulling her face in tight.  Her tongue
felt like it was four inches past my sphincter.  I cried out, "Tongue-fuck my
asshole, slut!"

      Brenda accentuated her movement by bobbing her face against my moons.
Her tongue was like a boy's cock fucking my ass. I glanced around and saw guys
fisting their rampant hardons.  I broke contact from Brenda.  I then pulled
Brent's cock free of her cunt and dragged her down to the cushioned platform
I'd been lying on.  I positioned her ass on the forward edge, straddled her
chest, then drew her legs up and open, announcing, "Line up, guys.  She's open
for business.  In my commanding position, I watched five men and two boys step
up and deposit their load deep in my daughter's cunt.  She was delirious by the
time the last one spent his semen.  She'd cum three times during this event and
was totally drained.

      For the next three days, Brenda and I were center stage.  We were
shameless in out attempts to keep the guys excited.  Between us we exhausted
them.  Brent was released after the second hour and joined in freely.  The
abductors departed as they said.  We returned home, but things were never the
same.

      Three weeks after our trip, I crawled over my sons, pausing to kiss each
of their sleeping cocks.  I went to Brenda's room to see if Brent had made it
off to work.  Brenda was sprawled on her back, semen leaking from her shaved
pussy.  I smiled and dressed.

      I had to get a paper signed by Brent, so I drove to his plant. The guard
at the front desk was out, so I couldn't gain entry.  Iwaited ten minutes then
decided to enter through the shipping and receiving dock.  I poked my head in
the wide door and froze. There, on a pallet of boxes, were three of the men who
abductedus, including the leader.  Their mouths dropped on seeing me.

      It took me a few seconds to piece everything together.  When awareness
dawned, I wasn't angry.  A smile slowly formed on my face.  Their mouths
closed.  I sauntered over with a sexy sway. I chucked the leader under the chin
and said, "Why haven't you paid us a visit?  My three guys can't satisfy both
of us without help, you know."

      He smiled and said, "Yeah, we know."


NOTE:  According to Tiffany, a scene like this actually happened to her college
roommate -- a girl named Brenda.  There's sick people in this world.  God
bless'em.

