                                 CABLE TV
                                 --------
     
     
     Never let  it be  said that Cable television is more trouble than
     it's worth.  My experience  with  the  local  cable  company  has
     convinced  me  that  my  œ20  a  month  is  now  a  payment  made
     gratefully. Several  weeks ago,  I discovered for about the tenth
     time that  my cable  connection was  shot.  This  was  especially
     irritating, since  I knew  that it  meant that I'd have to take a
     day off  work, just  to wait  for the repair man to get over here
     and fix it.
     
     On the  day my  repair visit was scheduled, I was not in the best
     of moods anyway. Things had been rough on the job and I was tired
     of the  whole thing.  When the  doorbell rang  at 4.45,  I'd just
     about given  up on  seeing  anyone  and  was  dreading  arranging
     another appointment.  Well, I  thought, at  least it'll  be  over
     with.
     
     I opened  the door  to a muscular man in his early twenties, with
     skin-tight Levis  and a  white tank top. Hmm, I thought, at least
     he'll be  alright to  look at.  He was  soon working on the cable
     connections without  so much  as a  word. Asshole, I thought. You
     know, I  was right.  After about ten minutes, he murmured that he
     had to get something in the truck.
     
     Being as impressed with his body as I was, I made sure that I got
     to the  window to  look down  and see  him bending  over into the
     truck to  reach for  something or  another. My impressions were a
     bit deflated  when I  saw the  latest issue of Penthouse lying on
     the dash of his truck. Oh well, that's the story of my life these
     days.
     
     He returned shortly and resumed his work. Straight or not, I said
     to myself,  that man's  got one  of the  hottest asses  I've ever
     seen! When  he asked  if he  could use  the toilet,  I was  hard-
     pressed to  get an  answer out.  Just the thought of that hunk of
     masculinity holding  his pissing  cock in my bathroom had my head
     spinning. I  finally managed  to say "Sure," and to my amazement,
     he went in and started pissing without even closing the door.
     
     Jesus Christ,  I thought  to myself, I'd be an idiot to miss this
     sight! I  managed to  get myself together enough to put on a look
     on nonchalance  and started  for the hallway, where I'd stroll by
     the bathroom  with all  the casual  attitude I could muster. As I
     got near the door, I heard the stream stopping. Damn! Well, maybe
     I'll still get to see him shaking those last few drops off.
     
     Well, shaking  it was  not exactly  what my  eyes took  in when I
     finally got to the door. He stood there those tight Levis stuffed
     down around his knees, with one hand on his donkey weapon and the
     other caressing  those beautiful  buns of his. Not surprisingly I
     lost my  attitude when  I saw this sight and could do nothing but
     stand there  with my  mouth open.  When he  noticed  me  standing
     there, he startled and grabbed for his pants.
     
     "Not so  fast!" I managed to croak out as I made my move for this
     semi-naked stud.
     
     I grabbed  his hardening  cock with  one hand and started rubbing
     his ass-cheeks  with the  other. "I  see I'm not the only one who
     needed  a  service  call  today."  He  certainly  was  caught  by
     surprise, because  he still  acted like he thought he should pull
     up his jeans and run.
     
     Sensing his  hesitation, I  took control of the situation without
     delay and  forced his  head down  towards the bowl. His groan did
     little more  than get  me even  more excited, and with that hairy
     asshole staring me in the face now, there was no turning back.
     
     I quickly leaned over and started chewing on those lovely cheeks,
     and the  tension drained  from his  body like magic. I removed my
     other hand  from his now very hard 8-inch prick in order to untie
     the string on my sweat-pants and push them off.
     
     Seeing this,  he grabbed  for my  cock, but I pushed him away and
     said, "When  I'm ready  for you to have my cock, it's going to be
     felt right  here," and  bit at  the tender  skin surrounding  his
     asshole. "Follow  me," I said, and led him from the toilet to the
     living room,  with both  of us pulling off our remaining clothes.
     "Let's just see if you've done your job or not."
     
     Dropping my  favourite jerk-off  video into  the machine, we were
     off and  running. Hoping  I hadn't  ruined the mood by taking the
     time to  get the  film going,  I turned  to look  at my afternoon
     delight. Sure  enough, that  eight incher was still hard as rock,
     and mine  was a  close comparison.  He stood there with his mouth
     open and his hand on his cock, so I put him to work.
     
     Bending him  over again,  I positioned his mouth over my dripping
     cock and  began working  his asshole  over again.  His rhythm  of
     stroking his  own cock  was increasing  quickly, so  I decided to
     change the scenery before he exploded without proper stimulation.
     I pushed  him away  as I  stood up  and positioned  myself at his
     asshole. After  his sucking  my rod  and my  rimming his  ass,  I
     didn't worry about getting the lube.
     
     He grabbed  for the table the TV sat on when I bent him over, and
     he was  surrounded by fucking from front to back. I could see the
     video over his head, and was getting lost between reality and the
     motion on the screen. When the stud on the film threw the biker's
     legs up  and shoved  his glistening  fat cock into him, I did the
     same with my repair man. He was watching the film too, because as
     the biker  reached down and started really yanking on his fuckers
     balls, so did my man.
     
     He started  twisting my  nuts along  with his  pulling, and I was
     really getting  hot. I  started slapping  his ass-cheeks  with no
     restraint, as  he now  played with both of our balls. In a matter
     of minutes,  the hunk  of man pulled out of his biker and sprayed
     cum all  over him,  shooting as  far as his face. I could take no
     more, and  I gave  the cable  man one  more smack on the ass as I
     pulled out.
     
     My movement  made both  our nuts  pull even  tighter, and  I  was
     shooting as  my exploding  cock came  blowing out of his asshole,
     spraying white hot cock juice on his balls, his ass, and all over
     his back.  Just as the last throbbing spurts were firing, he spun
     around with  a really  loud moan,  shooting jism  on the  TV, the
     carpet and  then me. I grabbed his balls, as he had mine, and the
     volume of both his screams and his explosion more than doubled.
     
     I got  creamed on my cock, across my face and even under my arms.
     I grabbed  his head,  pulled him  to me, and wiped the cum off my
     chest with  his face.  His hot  tongue  washed  me  into  another
     hardon, as  he stopped  at one  of my tits and started lapping at
     them for  all he  was worth. I lifted my leg to push him away and
     kicked him  in the  balls for  added emphasis. His renewed hardon
     bounced against  my calf,  and he moaned in a mixture of pain and
     pleasure.
     
     With that  I started  slugging his cock with my fist, and he only
     licked even  harder at  my tits.  I reached around and stuck four
     fingers into  his cum- soaked asshole, and he spun around to take
     more. Both  of us  were drenched  in sweat,  and breathing like a
     couple of  tired wrestlers.  I grabbed  his  throbbing  meat  and
     squeezed on  it with a vengeance. He'd worked his mouth around to
     my fat  cock again, and was scrubbing the spunk off with his lips
     and tongue.
     
     The sudden  change in mood had me really hot, but I wasn't at all
     ready for  his springing free from my ass-hold and thrusting that
     huge cock  of his  into my own dry ass! The pain, my surprise and
     the sexual  friction between us had me beyond control. My asshole
     was on fire, and the only thing to put it out was a heavy load of
     cock cream.
     
     I backed  onto him  with powerful  lunges, and  in seconds he was
     screaming in  orgiastic ecstasy.  With  the  feel  of  those  cum
     bullets shooting  inside of  me, I  had no  power over  the  rush
     surging through  my nuts.  Without  even  touching  my  cock,  it
     erupted with  shot after  shot of thick cum. I fell on the floor,
     exhausted but  satisfied, and  I soon  had my cable man on top of
     me, both of us panting like dogs.
     
     I dragged  him into  the shower,  and we  spent the  rest of  the
     evening watching my repaired cable service and...
