Archive-name: 3plus/caldream.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: California Dreaming


                             Preface

     The saga, perhaps more properly epic, which is related below is the result
of a collaborative flight of imagination over recent weeks.  Of the seven
parts, four were written by a woman (a regular Plinker, by the way), three by a
man, myself, an irregular (some would say) Plinker.  The whole hydraulic effort
was upon completion edited, again by me, in order to produce a reasonably
coherent whole, in terms of grammatical syntax, tense, and person.  In addi-
tion, some few connective passages were added in a (probably fruitless) attempt
to weave some sort of unifying thread through the discrete sections, yet with-
out altering (so far as possible) the "feel" of the original drafts.  

     Now for the fun:  the "guessing game" alluded to in the descriptive theme
has to do with a challenge to any who may wander into this place to browse. 
Readers are invited to guess which of the seven parts display a male perspec-
tive, and which are female.  Those who are able correctly to tag all seven
parts (the sixth is divided into subsections a and b) will receive in recogni-
tion a cleverly wrought, handcrafted electronic scroll, suitable for framing,
attesting to their *peculiar interests and expertise, something you will be
*proud to display in your home.  Those who are unable to do so will receive a
similar scroll, though of course the inscription incised thereon (as yet un-
determined) will differ somewhat.  All prizes will DEFINITELY be awarded, and
there is no cost or other obligation attached to this contest, other than
public recognition (exposure?) that you actually read this sort of high minded
prose....  So play today!  

     [Excerpts from "The Jacuzzi" reproduced in Part 2 below are used by per-
mission of the author.]  

****************************************************************  

                      "California Dreaming"  

1.   Dwight Brewster and Branwyn Griffith had "met online" almost a year be-
fore. In the ensuing months, they corresponded at length, progressively becom-
ing more intimate.  They had spoken on the phone for hours on end, exchanged
photographs (neither was disappointed), and finally, tentatively, made their
plans to meet, each a bit apprehensive about the outcome of this first en-
counter, he even more than she.  Ultimately, Dwight had been persuaded by the
advice of a friend who had had a similar experience:  "It's a grand, heady
gamble," she told him, "...actually meeting one's online love for the first
time, and the excitement, the sense of adventure, far outweigh the risk. 
Meeting someone face to face, someone whose inside you've come to know very
well, is a dizzying experience." It was a sultry late July, when finally they
came together....  

     Dwight, 38 and unmarried, a New Yorker born and bred, contrived a "busi-
ness trip" to Los Angeles, a city he ordinarily despised as sterile, shallow,
transparently trendy: it was a place he generally avoided whenever possible. 
Hence his colleagues at the firm (all of whom were well aware of his fervid
east coast chauvinism) were surprised when he announced his intention to fly to
California, there personally to draw up preliminary papers for the Coulton-
Scullard merger.  Ordinarily, that sort of drudge work would have been handled
by one of the junior associates, not a senior partner.     

     Branwyn, 29, a transplanted Minnesotan, had escaped the confines of Duluth
two years before, after the collapse of her four year marriage to Jeffrey.  She
knew all too well Dwight's sentiments about Los Angeles, but she knew too that
he liked the theatre, and so had gotten tickets for a new and locally well-re-
viewed play, her intention evidently to demonstrate the cultural maturity of
her adopted city to this skeptical easterner she had come to know on People
Link.  Before going to the play they had an early dinner at La Chute, a lovely
French restaurant (even he had to concede that), but the play itself was dread-
ful.  They left after the first act, and drove up the serpentine road to her
house in the hills overlooking the haze covered city, which seemed to sprawl,
endlessly, below.  Arriving, she poured them each a glass of wine, tuned the
stereo, and then provided the ritual tour of her home, including (but of cour-
se) the bedroom, dominated by a huge bed, itself adorned with red satin sheets.

After, they went out to the deck, and, simultaneously it seemed, decided that
it would be a nice evening to go into the Jacuzzi, for Dwight a novelty. 
Branwyn took his glass, refilled it with the perfectly iced Bordeaux, and
placed it beside her own on the ledge around the Jacuzzi.  She handed him a
towel and said she'd be back shortly, warning him playfully "not to start"
without her, but to go on and get in the water.  Stripping, he did, at the same
time wondering "...start what??"         She left, then returned moments later
with what she referred to as "a joint," dropped her towel and joined him,
naked, in the swirling water.  The cannabis seemed to make the lyrical, soulful
music playing on the stereo touch their senses even more acutely than it had
before.  Relaxing, leaning back with the jets and bubbles going full force,
drinking the wine, with nothing but the stars above them, finally she leaned
into him.  Inevitably their lips met as their bodies touched, sending an an-
ticipatory stirring through both of them.  Then, Branwyn shifted her position
in the water, to a place directly in front of him.  He spread his legs so that
she could come closer still....   


2.   Sitting naked with her in the Jacuzzi, a little light headed from the
combined effects of the wine and the grass, it occurred to Dwight that they
seemed to have hit it off pretty famously.  Here he was "unexpectedly" in
California with this sensual woman he had "met" electronically scant months
before....  

     "This is the first time I've ever been in one of these things," Dwight
said, gesturing vaguely, a bit nervously, at the oaken tub which enclosed them,
his oddly pale skin (surely *eastern, she thought) almost luminous, trans-
lucent, in the reduced light, "...I find the experience decidedly sexy," he
continued, "and full of interesting possibilities."   What *sort of "pos-
sibilities," she asked, thinking his choice of words curiously clinical. 
Still, her reply was punctuated by a slow, suggestive, and (yes) worldly smile.
"Well, Branwyn, this reminds me of a story I read not long ago, on Plink,
evidently written by some wanton, which suggested an explanation about why
women seem to like these tubs so much...."  What story was that, she wanted to
know.  By a stroke of good fortune, unbelievably [all things being possible in
this world of the imagination], Dwight "just happened" to have a copy of the
text of the aforementioned tale secreted somewhere on his person.    

     He retrieved it, miraculously, from somewhere [literary ingenuity here
fails, momentarily: being naked, soaked, soaking, we know he had no pockets, or
none to which he would readily admit in mixed company]; nevertheless, he began
to read aloud, confidently, almost as though he had some proprietary interest
in the tale's composition:  

     "Why don't you go to my lake house this weekend and enjoy some free time,"
Joan told Ann at work on Wednesday.  Too much responsibility at work had re-
cently drained Ann of energy, but she had the weekend stretching out in front
of her that was hers alone....  

[So the story began, and Branwyn listened attentively, chastely even (given the
circumstances), and learned that ultimately it concerned a hot tub, not unlike
her own.  Observant and appropriately concerned readers of postings in this
place, section 13, luckily know the denouement, and need be reminded only of
the *operative parts....  But for the inattentive ones, the ones who fake their
homework (there are always some) ...the story was about an unusual (for Ann
anyway) discovery, but your author digresses, and interrupts....  The tale
progressed, after the obligatory atmospherics had been sketched in....]  

     Holding onto the side of the tub [it went on], Ann [our heroine] spread
her legs so that the water would hit her pussy at just the right spot.  She
began to push against the water and couldn't believe the feeling  she moved up
and down pushing herself harder and harder against the jet.  It felt like a
hard cock pushing deep into her.  She began to twist and thrust again and
again.  The jet bored into her, and the sensation grew stronger and stronger
until she felt that feeling, the release she needed, and she heard herself
crying out with pleasure....  

[And then Anne was caught, flagrante delicto, in media res (as it were), post
res, actually, by a randy real estate agent, of all things,  yes I know, it
should have been a gardener, I read too, but I didn't write the story, and
maybe (a *very long maybe) real estate agents too are capable of randiness. 
This being thin ice, given the option, I'd have gone for the formulaic gardener
myself.  Complain to the author.  Chacun a son gout....  "To be continued" was
the way it ended, maddeningly, just as the randy real estate man and the newly
enlightened, hopeful, Anne were (one imagines) about to *do something  the mind
boggles at the possibilities.  But there it finished, anticlimactically, for
the real estate man in the most literal sense of that word....] 


     "That's it," Dwight said after he had concluded, "it never was continued,
alas.  Have you ever tried using the jets that way?"  Branwyn blushed but
smiled again, and that was answer enough.  "How about now, then," he teased. 
And then, wordlessly, he put his hands on her shoulders, and turned her around
so that her back was pressed into his chest.  In this position, she sat between
his parted legs, his now erect cock pressed into her buttocks.  He could reach
'round her, under her arms, with both of his hands.  Doing so, he cupped each
of her full breasts, gently rolling the nipples between his fingers.  Their
natural buoyancy and the surging water made her breasts seem to float, just
breaking the water's surface.  She sighed heavily and pressed back into him, as
all the while he continued to toy with her, the pressure of her back against
him, the salute of her swelling nipples signalling her arousal....    

     "Come on," Dwight said finally, "let's try it."  Giggling like children at
their own clumsiness, they eventually made their way to the side of the tub,
still in the water, she sitting on his lap, her legs parted, thighs enclosing
his.  Again Dwight reached around her with his left hand and began to stroke
gently between the lips of her vulva with his middle finger.  "Yes, just there,
Dwight," she murmured, and she spread her legs yet further apart.  Even as he
played with her, occasionally varying the routine by slipping his finger *in-
side, Dwight maneuvered them closer to one of the jets until he could feel it
pulsing directly on the back of his caressing hand.  In this way, if he moved
his hand away, the water jetted right between the lips of her pussy, and he
held her there in that position, kissing the back and side of her neck,  fon-
dling her breasts with his right hand, stroking her clitoris with the fingers
of his left....  

     These several delights had Branwyn *very aroused, very quickly, moreso
than ever she could have imagined.  "God, you're going to make me come," she
moaned, "I want you inside me."  "Not yet, Branwyn," he answered, laughing,
handling her, "...this first one is just for you."  So, abandoning herself now
to the inevitable, Branwyn reached down between her own legs and took his
rampant organ into her hands, rubbing it up and down between the by now swollen
lips of her pussy, as the water pulsed and pulsed against her.  At last, she
came with a shudder....  "Hmmmm, just like the story," Dwight said, smiling. 
"But what about you, *what can I do for you," she asked, holding onto his still
very erect cock.  "Use your imagination," he replied.   


3.   Pressing back onto Dwight's chest and massaging him gently with her hand,
teasing, pivoting her hips against him, feeling his breath quicken, Branwyn
then turned and, facing him, leaned into him, kissing, running her tongue along
his lips, felt them part.  Their tongues touched, darted each into the other's
mouth, entwined.  She lowered her hand down to his erect cock once again, and
put her other arm around his back, pulling him closer so that he could feel her
breasts on his chest.  She rubbed her body against him, up, down, and felt his
cock grow even bigger, hotter than before.  Then moving so that she could
straddle his lap, pushing herself hard against his loins, she asked again "What
would you like, Dwight?"  He smiled up at her, saying that he was certain she'd
be able to figure it out without his having to say a word....  

     Already atop him, she raised herself slightly, so that she could sink
slowly onto his cock.  Feeling the water jets and bubbles all around them, the
heat from the Jacuzzi augmented by their body heat, they were dizzied and
slipped down further into the water, their hands exploring, probing....  All
the while, she continued to move up and down on his cock.  Perceiving his risen
desire, and not wanting him to cum yet, (since she had more in mind for him),
she then moved from on top of him and knelt again before him, between his
splayed legs.  Dwight moved up a little on the seat, so that his cock was
beside her breasts, and Branwyn leaned forward to kiss his neck.  Trailing down
his chest, she lowered her head down across his taut abdomen and kissed his
cock, which was just barely jutting out of the water.  Moving her mouth over
the very tip she circled it with her tongue....  

     Then taking his hand she said "Come on, come with me."  They stepped from
the Jacuzzi, toweled each other dry, and she led him to the upper portion of
the deck, then into the house, to the bedroom.  Still holding his hand she
pulled him to the bed and turned, again to kiss him, ultimately sitting down on
the edge of the bed, with him standing in front of her, his cock still full and
thick from their foreplay in the Jacuzzi....   


4.   As she led Dwight into the softly lit bedroom, he couldn't help but notice
again the opulent, feminine furnishings: the raised teakwood platform bed with
its alluring red sheets, the plush oriental patterned carpet, and the damask
curtains cleverly suspended in some hidden fashion on all of the walls sur-
rounding the bed, which stood in the exact center of the room, the very focus
of the place.  "Curious to cover the walls with curtains," he thought at the
time, but said nothing.  And this time he also noticed a detail which had
eluded him during the brief tour of the house earlier that evening: the entire
ceiling, at least four hundred square feet corner to corner, was made up of
brilliantly polished mirror panels whose purpose he immediately guessed.  "So
you like to *watch yourself, Branwyn," he said, smiling.  She made no reply
other than to reach to the head of the bed in which was located what appeared
to be a small control panel, buttons and switches.  Pressing one of these, she
caused the curtains silently to glide into recesses in each corner of the room,
revealing beneath them walls covered entirely by yet more mirror panels identi-
cal in every respect to those which constituted the ceiling....  

     The effect was electric.  No sooner had the curtains moved aside than she
took his half turgid cock into her hand, ringing it with thumb and forefinger,
stroking up and down, cradling and gently squeezing his balls with her other
hand.  She began slowly, teasingly, licking the tip of the glans, and worked
her tongue in and around the super sensitive eye.  Within a few short moments,
however, she picked up the pace, hungrily engulfing almost the whole of him. 
He looked down, enthralled, watching his cock disappear then reappear, glisten-
ing.  As her head bobbed, Dwight became aware of a kind of low guttural purring
sound emanating from her throat....  

     Since she was sitting just at the edge of the bed, he standing before her,
he was able to get one of his legs between hers.  Sensing what he was about,
not slowing her rhythm, she accommodated him, spreading her thighs wide apart
so that he could push his knee hard up against her center.  She had already
become very wet.  And as Dwight looked about him, into the mirrors on either
side, he saw their lovemaking reflected, replicated over and over in the shiny
glass, dozens of ever shrinking images receding into a seeming infinity. 
Reaching down, he ran both of his hands through her hair, then pulled her
closer onto him, enraptured with the exquisite sensation of her mouth and 
tongue....  

     In time, feeling that all too familiar tightening in his scrotum and lower
belly, even as he grew weak-kneed, Dwight knew that he'd not be able to hold
out much longer, and he didn't want to finish alone.  So he pushed her away,
withdrew himself from her unrelenting caresses.  She looked up at him implor-
ingly, questioning, a child whose treat had unaccountably been taken away for
no apparent reason.  But as he pushed her back onto the bed, she understood. 
"Come on, Branwyn, get on top of me, I want to taste you," he said, and she
smiled.  He lay on his back, she over him, her knees on either side of his
shoulders.  Gradually lowering herself, her beautiful behind neared his face,
and he could see *all, from anus to pussy, wide open, shiny....  At the apex of
the delicate floral inner lips proudly stood her little clitoris, whilst beyond
he could glimpse just a bit of her trimmed pubic hair.  All this but for a
second or two, and then it was lost to his delighted gaze as she dropped onto
his mouth.  Next she sank down on her own belly, towards his, seized his throb-
bing cock, and placed it once again between her lovely lips.  

He felt her tongue playing with him, licking and sucking, and voluptuous feel-
ings, almost unbearable, shot through him, emanating from that one place, now
fully enveloped in her mouth, the center of her attention, the core of his very
being.  Up and down gently she moved her head, the pressure of her tongue and
palate affording him excruciating pleasure....  

     Out shot his tongue in reciprocation, seeking the expanded smoothness of
her vulva, finding the full clitoris, then thrusting into the very avenue to
her womb.  So for some time, they carried on this delicious play, with mutual
enthusiasm.  Then he felt her backside wriggle, and she pressed herself closer,
harder against his mouth.  His cock, harder and harder, jerked upward, involun-
tarily, deeper into her throat, his own hips propelling him *into her.  With a
tractable fucking motion, more quickly still she moved her mouth up and down
him, and he, alternately clasping and rubbing her buttocks, tongued rapidly the
whole surface of her cunt....  

     His moan of pleasure, muffled in her groin, signalled the beginning of his
crisis, and with a thrill he felt himself pulsing jet after jet into her mouth.
From her again he heard that same low guttural purring, "ummmmmm," felt the
vibrato on his cock.  With another wiggling motion, she responded at once to
the sensation of his emission, and settled closer onto his mouth.  His nose
fairly buried in her, her clit between his lips, he shot his tongue rapidly
over it as tighter he held her to him.  He felt her tremble, then go rigid, and
then her motions ceased.  She lay still, atop him, tranquil in the aftermath of
pleasure, his cock still in her mouth, his face soaked with her essence....  

       Then they relinquished each other, and moved to reverse their position. 
So lost in rapture had they been that only then did they realize that they were
no longer alone in the bedroom.  That Branwyn showed no sign of shock or even
mild surprise told Dwight at once that the person staring at them was someone
she knew.  Coolly, levelly, she returned the stranger's gaze and said "Well, I
should have known....how long have her been watching us?"  And Dwight wondered
*what he had gotten himself into....   


5.   With a smile the tall, dark, stranger answered, "Long enough to know I
want to join you and your new friend.  Aren't you going to introduce us?"
"Sure," Branwyn replied, "Dwight, this is Cato."  As they greeted each other,
Branwyn could sense an uneasiness about Dwight.  She smiled up at him and asked
what was wrong.  He said that he was "just a little uncomfortable" with someone
around whom he didn't know had been there, that it might have been "nice" if
Cato had made some sort of noise when he entered the room....  Branwyn at-
tempted to sooth him with a gentle kiss, to which he responded a little ner-
vously, but then seemingly Dwight calmed down very quickly when he learned that
there was really nothing to worry about, that Cato and Branwyn were quite good
friends, and that often Cato and his friend Lori, with Branwyn and her partner
would swap.  Asking him how he felt about that, swapping, Dwight quickly told
Branwyn that he had had *that sort of encounter but once before, many years
earlier, and that at the time he had known all of the parties fairly well....  

     Just then another person entered the room, wearing only a towel, having
apparently just left the Jacuzzi.  She approached Cato, kissed him, then asked
to be introduced to the "new kid on the block."  Dwight immediately realized
that this must be Lori, who without batting an eye took Cato by the hand and
led him to the large bed where he and Branwyn were still lying.  They climbed
onto the bed and started kissing each other passionately; by this time, her
towel was of course gone and she had already removed the robe that Cato was
wearing, dropping it to the floor.  

     Following her lead, Dwight and Branwyn embraced and started kissing again.

Very soon all four were touching each other, caressing and kissing.  Then they
changed partners, Dwight with Lori, Branwyn with Cato.  Soon Lori took Dwight's
hand and led him across the room, through a door that had been obscured by the
mirrors....  

     This room had a totally different atmosphere from the one which they had
just left.  The furnishings were French Provincial, with a four poster bed in
the middle, chiffon draping all four sides, held back by satin rope ties to the
corners of the bed.  A thick plush rug carpeted the floor, soft music emanated
from hidden speakers, and burning incense candles were placed throughout the
room, itself done in shades of blue, with a hint of pink highlights.  The only
similarity to the other room was the wall through which they had just entered:
it too was covered with mirrors....  Still holding his hand, Lori led Dwight to
the bed, turning to him to say that she certainly "approved" of Branwyn's taste
in men, that she was really glad that she and Cato had "happened by" that
evening.  

     Seeming to know her way around very well, she pulled him down on the bed
with her.  Grinning, she asked, "Would you like to see something interesting?"
Before he could answer, she reached for the light and turned it off.  At the
same time, Dwight discerned another sound, a click, some sort of switch.  She
then turned him around so that he faced the mirror, *through which he could see
Cato with Branwyn in the mirrored room.  Since they had not had any interrup-
tion, had not moved from one room to another, they were already enjoying each
other.  Watching Branwyn's mouth go down on Cato's thick, erect cock, seeing
his tongue dart in and out of her cunt excited Dwight immediately, powerfully. 
He pulled Lori above him on the bed, maneuvering himself so that he could bury
his face between her legs.  At the same time she took his cock into her mouth,
driving it to the back of her throat.  With a motion that somehow allowed her
throat to open even more, his cock completely disappeared inside her mouth, and
he thrust harder and harder, deeper and deeper.  Just as he felt himself 
starting to come Lori moved so that she was straddling over him and lowered
herself onto him moving her body to his, grinding her hips against him....  At
that very moment, Dwight managed to steal a glimpse into the mirror again, to
see what was going on in the next room.  Only then did he realize that Cato and
Branwyn were *also able to see through the reflective glass, as he had earlier.
Surprised at himself, Dwight was mightily aroused by this new sensation of
being on display, and he found himself wanting to make love to both Branwyn and
Lori at the same time, wanting to feel both of them all over him.  He motioned
to Branwyn, asking that she come into the room where he lay with Lori.  In a
moment she was there, leading Cato by the hand.  

     After Branwyn climbed into the bed with Dwight and Lori, she asked whether
he had ever made love to two women at the same time before.  Dwight shook his
head, whereupon Branwyn told him to go across the room, to the chair.  "Watch
us," she said, "and any time you want to join in, why just feel free to do so."
But before he left the bedside, Branwyn pulled him down on the bed and kissed
him hard on the lips, while Lori began rubbing between his legs.  

     Dwight then went across to the chair, to watch.  Noticing another "joint"
on the table beside him, he decided that a bit more couldn't do any harm, then
walked back to the bed and offered the other three some of the grass.  They all
accepted, and planted kisses on him in gratitude.  Walking back to the chair he
continued to smoke,  sitting on the edge of the chair, not exactly certain how
long he'd be able simply to sit and watch this activity, already in full pro-
gress before him.  But at the same time, he was not sure how he felt about
making love with two women at the same time, and both of them making love to
him.  After all, this whole experience was unlike anything in his experience. 
Yet on the other hand they *did seem to be having a great time.  Dwight began
to feel left out, sinking back onto the chair, his mind and eyes on the bed, on
the three of them....   


6a.  It's certainly true that Dwight's mind was filled with a whole set of
conflicting emotions when he first noticed Cato standing there, a broad grin on
his face.  At first, he wondered if he was expected to participate in some sort
of bisexual or homosexual action, and he knew that he was decidedly *unready*
for that sort of thing.  He also thought the name rather amusing, recalling
from his college days that the most famous historical "Cato" was Cato the
Censor, a Roman magistrate of the second century before Christ, a sternly
conservative official who opposed as immoral hedonism virtually all Greek
influence on the Roman Republic  in short, old Cato was a celebrated prude. 
What an inappropriate name for the seemingly unapologetic libertine there in
the room with them.  "Poor old Cato must be spinning in his grave," Dwight
thought, amused....  

     In any event, Branwyn's relaxed attitude, her assurances, and finally the
arrival of Lori, went a long way toward allaying his misgivings.  He couldn't
help but admire Lori's tanned and healthy California body, lithe, long limbed,
slim-hipped, her small firm breasts crowned with pert nipples.  Like the oth-
ers, he noted that hers was an all-over tan....  So on impulse, he decided
"...in for a penny, in for a pound,"  and reflected that if this was the sort
of thing that went on in California, well, after all, he *was a guest in this
place, and wouldn't want to offend anyone, would he?  And so he determined 
just to let it happen....  "California, here I *come!"  

     Shortly thereafter, he found myself in what Branwyn had laughingly de-
scribed as "the French room," his face buried in Lori's pussy, licking and
nibbling at her labia and clitoris, while at the same time she expertly sucked,
nursed, at him, even as Branwyn and Cato mimicked their actions next door. 
"French room;" indeed, he thought it aptly named....  Lori's truly expert
ministrations had him at the edge of orgasm over and over, and he was amazed
how much of him she managed to get into her throat.  Yet each time he felt that
he was about to go over the edge, she also somehow sensed it, and slowed the
pace, fondling his cock, squeezing gently, till the crisis had passed.  She
herself had already come at least twice, he felt sure, when she climbed on him,
and impaled herself to the hilt.  Not moving up and down at all, she instead
used her internal muscles, milking him....  All the while, he could see Branwyn
and Cato through the glass, and by then he knew that they could see as well. 
It was more exciting than anything he had ever experienced before, and he came
and came, at the same time as the others in the adjacent room....  



     Of course he was curious about making love to two women at the same time,
as he freely acknowledged when joined by Branwyn and Cato in the "French room,"
but he was also quite conscious of (even perhaps a little embarrassed by) his
own limitations: the spirit was willing, but the flesh was weak.  "They gave an
orgy, and Dwight couldn't *come," he thought wryly, at least not as frequently
as *this incredibly sybaritic trio....  So there he sat in the chair, a little
lightheaded from the effects of the ganja, watching intently, a bit jealous if
truth be told, as *both Lori and Cato made love to Branwyn, she nuzzling and
teasing Branwyn's breasts (her own hand busy between her parted legs), as he
fucked her, *hard.  All three of their bodies were bathed in sweat, the bed-
clothes tangled, the room suffused with the aroma of sex....  And after he
brought Branwyn to another quaking zenith, incredibly, Cato was instantly on
top of Lori, pounding his cock into her, her calves around his shoulders, ("Is
this priapism?" Dwight wondered), as both of them ultimately finished at the
same time, their climax heralded by a mutual groan of release and seeming
bliss....  

     "OK, folks, half-time,"  Dwight said, joking somewhat anxiously, and
suggested that perhaps the others would like to join him in the Jacuzzi, to
which he then retreated.  By now it was velvety dark outside, the moonless
starry sky providing the only light, a faint blue.  He had scarcely eased
himself into the tub when the padding of bare feet behind him indicated that he
was not to be there alone for long.  "Where's Cato?" he asked, when just Bran-
wyn and Lori slipped into the tub.  "Recuperating," Lori said, "...getting
ready for the second half."  "Christ," Dwight thought to himself, "*who is
this? Ironman?"  "Actually, he took a shower, and went into the kitchen for a
sandwich," Branwyn added, "he's not eaten anything for hours.  Or, more cor-
rectly, not eaten any *food for hours, and man does not live on pussy
alone...."  

     Moments later, the two of them were in the tub with him, one on either
side.  He kissed them alternately, faces, mouths, and breasts, and tingled at
the touch of hands, four hands, sliding slowly up the inside of his thighs
toward his groin, reaching his somewhat revivified member, stroking, kneading,
cupping his balls.  His own hands were not long still, either, and he return-
ed the luscious feeling, touching both of them at the same time.  He felt, they
*all felt, his vigor slowly rekindled, and then Lori suggested that they return
to the mirrored bedroom....  

     Dwight found himself wholly absorbed, intoxicated, by these two volup-
tuous, appetizing women, one full bodied and fresh as the morning, the other
slim and dark, inviting as the night.  The strong sexuality emanating from both
of them radiated, and gradually he began to feel rather more *equal to the
situation.  All of them were still standing, as they collaborated on his arous-
al, till at last his cock stood almost straight up.  Then Lori fell to her
knees and began to suck him ardently, repeating again that motion which enabled
her to wholly engulf him deep into her throat.  At the same time, Branwyn
leaned into him, planting kisses on his mouth, eyes, and neck, as his fingers,
in return, coursed down to her pussy, which he found moist and open, her clit-
oris once again protruding.  Though the game became more and more impassioned,
he was determined this time to keep his "spirit" in check, in order to see it
all the way through.  At last Lori stood up, and taking his hand led him to a
table which was placed against the wall.  Branwyn held his other hand and fol-
lowed....  


6b.  Lori stood at the table for a moment, then leaned over face down, her
torso pressed into its shiny surface.  "Here," she said, "take me from behind."
His cock seemed to grow merely at the sight of her well-formed backside, her
slightly parted thighs, and her pussy, which she stuck out behind her, tan-
talizing,  slightly swaying her long legs.  Taking a position behind her,
bending his knees a little until the level was right, he slipped slowly into
her in one steady stroke.  While Dwight made love to Lori, Branwyn stood behind
him, fondling his balls, and then said, "Let's do it by turns; first one, then
the other," and placed herself beside Lori, assuming an identical posture half
atop the table.  So he withdrew from Lori, and plunged deeply into Branwyn,
then pulled out again and shoved into Lori with an equally long and deep thru-
st, then again into Branwyn, and again into Lori.  His excitement over the two
of them was maddening, and at last he reached the point where he could have
come at any time.  The two of them, side by side, glistening wet and wide open,
made him almost faint with sheer lust.  "Come," he said, "...let's get on the
bed...."   

     Seconds later they were on the broad bed, surrounded by the mirrors.  He
lay on his back, and Branwyn spread herself over his face, pressing her pussy
down to his lips.  His tongue played over her, occasionally titillating her
risen clitoris, his fingers clutching her hips.  At the same time, behind
Branwyn, Lori straddled him, rubbing his cock against herself, finally sinking
down upon it.  She rode him, wild with sensuality, until he had to throw her
aside to avoid coming too quickly.  "It's your turn now, Branwyn," he said, his
voice ragged and barely audible.  Branwyn changed places with Lori, and he let
his tongue tease into Lori.  She pressed her cunt down so hard that he had
trouble breathing.  Despite the momentary discomfort, it was a splendid ex-
perience to note the difference between the two women: Branwyn was bigger,
wetter, glowing, and moved only slightly, but was deeper and somehow more
intimate than Lori, who was smaller, more hirsute, and less wet, but on the
other hand was livelier, wilder, and more earnest.  He squeezed and fondled
both of their soft yet agile bodies, and they were a long time fucking, taking
turns riding his cock, which unbelievably retained its rigidity....  

     Branwyn had to give up first.  He felt her press onto his cock, which now
seemed to plumb the very depths of her womb;  from the spasms, he could tell
that her orgasm seemed to last several minutes.  After that, Branwyn lay down
by his side, snuggling into him while Lori mounted him, and *screwed (there is
no other word for it) with a reckless abandon, seething, smoldering, yet at the
same time explosive.  Her movements quickened, and she rode him in a frenzy,
while her fingernails raked into his body.  Finally it happened, not as it had
with Branwyn in slow, profound, and deeply consuming waves, but rather like a
cataclysm, a volcano suddenly spewing fire.  She bit and scratched at him as
her little, narrow pussy reached climax and she sucked him in and up, opening
and contracting by endless turns.  Then she sank forward, his cock still buried
in her....  

     When Cato returned to the bedroom about twenty minutes later, obviously
refreshed, he found them still lying there tangled in the bed sheets.  "So you
started without me, eh, and now I suppose no one's interested in the final
innings?"  In the same teasing tone, Branwyn answered: "Oh, I think you might
still be accommodated...."  Whereupon he sidled over to the bed and sat leaning
against the headboard, legs apart, his thick cock already showing signs of
renewed life.  Cato watched, fascinated, as Branwyn reached for him, and played
gently up and down his shaft with her hand, causing him to grow with the touch.
At the same time, Lori snaked her hand between Dwight's legs, and found him
still hard....  Then Branwyn got on her knees, on the bed between Cato's out-
stretched legs, and encircled his rigid sex with both of her hands.  Her face
was very near the engorged head, and Branwyn admired it, firm, polished,
smooth, tempting.  Cato watched her.  Lori and Dwight watched her, too.  And
Branwyn enjoyed their combined gaze, enjoyed being in control, and felt again a
familiar stirring in her loins....  

     Her lips parted slightly, and then delicately, *very delicately, she
touched the tip of him with her tongue.  They watched her face, and the way her
tongue flicked out repeatedly.  She licked at him gently, feline, then inserted
a small part of his cock into her mouth:  it was quivering.  Cato trembled with
the pleasure Branwyn afforded him.  Again she kissed it, then enclosed him
between her lips like some wonderful fruit, sending shivers of delight from his
sex up and into his body.  A drop, milky white, sea salty, the precursor of
desire, dissolved on her tongue, and she increased the pressure, the movements,
of her tongue and lips....  

     Watching Branwyn ministering to Cato at the same time that Lori's cool
fingers surrounded him was for Dwight almost unbearably exciting.  He reached
for Lori, and began to stroke her pussy with his hand, his eyes still locked on
Branwyn.  Then, when he moved to push Lori down upon her back, she said "No,
wait, let's give Branwyn a *special treat."  Still holding onto his cock, she
maneuvered Dwight behind Branwyn, behind her raised haunches.  With her hand
Lori rubbed Dwight's cock between the lips of Branwyn's very wet pussy, finally
guiding him into her, filling her, at the same time that Cato raised his hips,
that he might be consumed by her hands and mouth.  Having relinquished Dwight,
Lori moved up on the bed, and slipped her practiced hands beneath Branwyn's
large breasts, cupping them, tugging lightly at the nipples with her fingers. 
The triple pleasure, the intense carnality, made Branwyn pant, took her breath
away....  


7.   Still, Dwight sensed that even though the threefold delight, the intense
tactility, was exciting for Branwyn, something was amiss, some limit had been
reached.  He guessed that Branwyn was uneasy about having sex with Lori, and,
recalling his own reticence when Cato first appeared on the scene, Dwight could
understand her misgivings.  His intuition was confirmed when Lori smiled at
him, lasciviously running her tongue over her lips, saying in his ear that she
had been wanting to make love to Branwyn for a long time, but that she, Bran-
wyn, had never let her.  Now she fully intended to try and take advantage of
the situation....  

     Branwyn overheard Lori's whispered remark to Dwight.  Wanting to make
certain that their exquisite night together not be spoiled by anyone's doing
*anything which they preferred not to do, yet at the same time wanting not to
disappoint, Branwyn responded only slightly to Lori's overtures.  Soon, how-
ever, it was apparent that she had only done so in order once more to move
towards Dwight, *noticing of course that he was again aroused by watching her
with Cato.  As Branwyn moved away from Cato, towards Dwight, Cato pulled Lori
to him, roughly, his member rampant from the preliminaries lavished on him by
Branwyn's talented mouth and tongue.  

     Branwyn murmured to Dwight that it was almost dawn, that she did not want
any of the time remaining to them to go *unfulfilled, and led him back into the
other bedroom.  Closing the door behind them, drawing the drapes over the
mirrored walls, pressing another button on the headboard, she caused the mir-
rors in the ceiling to recess, to be replaced by rather normal looking ceiling
panels.   Suddenly the room was transformed from a den of sex, a seraglio, into
a very soft, luxurious room, very sexy indeed  but in a perceptibly sensuous
way, somehow softer.  Branwyn then took Dwight into her arms and kissed him
very deeply, longingly.  They made tender, sweet, gentle love for the remainder
of the night.    

     "This is the real me," Branwyn whispered,  "...that other person that I
pretended to be was just for fun and fantasy."  They lay in each others arms
for hours into the morning, until the sound of a dog barking at the mailman
brought them back to reality.  They got up, dressed, and went down to the
kitchen for coffee before each had to pursue separate ways, separate lives.... 
Branwyn kissed him goodbye at the door, then watched him drive away, down the
long road in the rented car.  Both wondered whether they would ever meet again.
Both knew that if ever they did, they would reminisce about the excitement of
that night with Lori and Cato.  But both also knew that if ever they should
meet again they would spend the entire time *alone in the luxurious, sexy,
sumptuous bedroom making love in that truly special way they had - tenderly,
sweetly, gently, and passionately....  

--
