Sitting in my hotel room, over-looking the Detroit river, I stretched 
and opened my first can of beer.  It had been a long day at work.  This
was my third day in Michigan on business.  Being from the South, the cold
weather didn't agree with me at all.  I'd just returned from dinner at
an Italian restaurant in the same complex as the hotel.  It wasn't too
bad, either.  Now I was planning on just sitting around the room for
the rest of the evening, maybe enjoying a little basketball or an 'R' rated
movie on the tube.

I walked over to the TV, and glanced at the list of movies currently
playing on the pay-per-view channels.  Like a hundred other hotels
I've stayed in over the years, there was a selection of  soft-porn
movies on a couple of channels to choose from.  The first one started at
9:00 P.M.  I glanced at my watch and noted that it was already after 9:30 P.M.
Feeling the slightest stirring in my jeans, I flicked on the tube and went
into the bathroom to clean and get comfortable while the set warmed up.

Having changed into a pair of sweat pants and a tee-shirt, I settled into
the chair, sitting next to the one small table in the room.  The TV was
facing me, and the set was tuned to the hotel's information channel.
I glanced again at the guide on top of the TV, and turned the channel to
one of the "Adult" channels (Channel 3, I believe).  Sure enough, there was
some blond taking her blouse off.  Her tits were kind of small, but she had
pretty nipples, which were standing out quite nicely.  Evidently she was
Australian from her accent.  She and some stud started to screw on the top
of a pool table while I watched, my dick starting to harden in my sweats.

Well, this sort of thing went on for almost an hour (and 3 beers).  I began to
think that instead of just masturbating into a hotel towel for a reward to my
efforts, it sure would be a lot nicer to have a nice, soft, warm pussy sucking
my cock into it's depths while a heaving set of firm breasts lay beneath me. 
And a pretty face smiling at me as I deposited my load in her snatch.

I reached over to the telephone stand and opened the lower drawer, where
the hotel always puts the Yellow Pages and phone book.  Yep, there it was,
a big, thick Yellow Pages book.  This wasn't the first time that I'd had the
urge to call one of the "Escort" services listed in the phone book.  But I'd
never done anything else than call and inquire about the rates.  I randomly
selected one of the Services listed, and dialed the number.  After a couple of
rings, a soft voice greeted me on the other end of the line.

   "Escort services."

   "Hi.  I was wondering what your services run."

   "It's 175.00 per hour."

   "Does that include tips?", I asked.  Some services seem to charge a base
rate of 50.00 or 75.00, PLUS tips.

   "That's everything.  Are you interested in one of our ladies?"

   "Yes I am."

   "Let me have your name and and phone number, and I'll have one of our girls
call you back in about 15 minutes."

   I told the gal on the other end my name, and the phone number of the room at
my hotel.  I turned back to the TV set, wondering to myself if I really would
go through with it this time.  From the feeling in my prick, I figured it was
50/50.

   Sure enough, in about 10 minutes the phone started to ring.  So loud, in
fact, that it startled me a little.  I could feel myself shaking just a little
bit, in anticipation of talking to a beautiful woman on the other end of the
phone who just might be sucking my dick in a short time.

   "Hi, is this Paul?"

   "Yes it is", I replied, my throat suddenly a little dry.

   "This is Angela from the escort service.  You asked for a girl?"

   "Uh, yes.  Hi Angela."

   "Where are you staying, Paul?"

   "I'm at the Westin Hotel downtown."

   "Are you interested?"

   Oh boy, I thought.  It's yea or na.  "What do you look like, Angela?"

"Well, I'm about 5 feet 4, brown hair, and weigh 110 lbs.  I'm 36-23-35.  How
does that sound?  And I'm 22 years old."

   Shit, I thought.  She sounds like a beautiful girl over the phone.  If she
looks half as good as she sounds, I'd be pleased.

   "I'm interested."  Boy, my throat was as dry as the Sahara desert now.  I
could feel a tingle in the palms of my sweaty hands.

   "Ok, Paul.  It'll take me about 45 minutes to get there.  You're in room
1528, right?"

   "Right."

   "And how do you want to pay? Cash or credit card?"

   "Cash."

   "Great!  I'll see you soon.  Bye."

   "Bye."

   I hoped that I wasn't completely fucking up.  I'd never done anything like
this before.  The excitement that it was creating was unbelievable.  I felt kind
of like I was going out on my first date.  What would she look like?  Did girls
like this really come on sexy, or did they just take your money and lay there
in the bed under the covers, with the lights off?  What would I say and do when
the time came?

   Those 45 minutes seemed like hours.  I decided to turn off the TV.  I didn't
need anymore stimulation than I'd already had just thinking about what was to
come.  I turned on the radio built into the TV, and tuned around until I found
a soft rock station. Feeling as though I couldn't swallow, I went into the
bathroom, brushed my teeth, and got a drink of water.  Feeling a little more
calm, I decided that I'd act the stud, and not show Angela any sweat.  I'd be
dominant without too much macho;  I knew what I wanted.

At a little after 11:00 P.M.  I heard a knock at the door.  "It's Showtime" I
said to myself.  Going to the door, I opened it.  Standing in front of me was a
gorgeous brunette, smiling.  I immediately thought back to my earlier images of
sticking my hard prick into a luscious set of lips.  Yep, this would play.

   "Hi, Paul.  I'm Angela."

   "Hi  Angela. Come on in."  She was beautiful.  At least her face was, and
what I could see of her figure, what with a heavy winter coat pulled around
her.

   "So, looking for a little company this evening?", she asked.

   "Yes.  I'm from out of town."

   Angela walked over to the small table, and looked around the room.  "Is
there anywhere I can hang this?", she asked, pulling off her heavy coat.

Her tits were perfect!  I could see the nipples sticking through the thin,
sheer material of her dark blouse.  She had the figure of one of those girls
you see all the time on MTV, or the late night network serials.  She was
wearing a bra, but it must have been VERY sheer for those points to get my
attention as they did.

   "Sure.  Please, let me take that for you."  I took her coat and hung it in
the hallway alcove.

   Angela turned toward me, smiled, and asked "Can I use your bathroom?  It was
a long drive."

   I nodded my head, and watched her tight ass sway as it disappeared into the
lavratory.  "Oh, boy.  Am I gonna have a good time tonight!", I thought.

   I made myself comfortable in one of the cloth chairs by the lone table, and
waited for Angela to re-appear.  After a couple of minutes, she walked out of
the bathroom and sat in the chair next to the built-in desk.

   "I hope you don't mind me asking, but do you have any identification, Paul?
Just a formality."

  I walked over to the next to Angela, and reached for my wallet laying on the
desk.  I took out my my driver's license and handed it to her.

   "Thanks" she said, and handed it back.  I could feel the warmth of her
hands.  "I need to check in with the agency to let them know I'm here." 
Picking up the phone, she dialed a number, and, after a few seconds spoke into
the phone.  "This is Angela.  I'm here at the Westin OK.  I'll call you later. 
Bye."  Hanging up the phone, Angela turned towards me and smiled.  "We might as
well get business out of the way.  The agency told you our rates?"

   I replied that they had, and pulled two clean, crisp 100 dollar bills from
my wallet.  My hands shook slightly as I handed her the money.

   "Great.  Now that that's out of the way, why don't we get more comfortable?"
Saying that, Angela sat on the edge of her chair and took her shoes off.  I sat
back down in the cloth chair to watch the show.  Angela proceeded to take off
her nylon stockings, revealing a set of firm, thin legs that seemed to go on
forever, considering her size.  She could tell by my silence that I was turned
on.  Standing up, she stretched, thrusting her ample boobs out in a display of
seductiveness.  She slowly unbuttoned her blouse, and I could see the first
glimpses of her beautiful cleavage.  As she removed her blouse, she sat back
down and began to undo her skirt, which buttoned at the waist.  I couldn't
stand it any longer.  I just had to touch this woman.  I went over to her, and,
stooping to my knees, I began to nibble on one of her inner thighs.

   Angela laughed, and said "A romantic!".

   I sat back down as she stood up.  In a slow motion, she unhooked her bra
from behind, and let it slowly drop below the firm mounds that they covered. 
Her nipples already stood at attention.  Her breasts were awesome.  They were
large and firm, with a deep cleavage in between, with no sign of sag.  She
continued to remove the last vestiges of clothing as she pulled her skirt off,
and removed her black lace underwear in one fluid movement.  Her pussy hair
look soft and downy, just a small patch on her pubic mound.  It was a chestnut
brown in color, and looked good enough to eat, which is exactly what I had in
mind.  I stood up to kiss her, and my cock was at full mast.  She gave me a
soft French kiss that lasted for a full 30 seconds, then gently pushed me back
into the chair.

   Standing over me, she bent down, her full breasts swaying slightly with the
movement.  She reached for the waistline of my sweats, and undid the draw
string.  I lifted my hips as she pulled the sweats down and off of my waist. 
Angela eyed my swollen cock for a minute, then leaned over and planted a warm,
sweet kiss right on it's head!  Taking the shaft in her hand, she slowly
massaged it's length, then began to lick around the cap of my dickhead.  Her
warm, wet mouth felt like heaven to my dick and my brain.  Angela gave me
sweet head for a couple of minutes, then sat up on her knees and began to rub
my swollen, throbbing meat in between those gorgeous tits.  First she rubbed
the head of my dick with one hard nipple, then the other.  Then she took the
length (seven inches) in between the mammoth globes and began to jack me off
with her tits.  As she did this, she looked up at me and smiled.

   "I love the taste of your cock", she said.

   Angela continued to move up and down with her tits on my prick for a few
more minutes, then stopped and got up.  She walked over to the queen sized bed,
and turned down the cover.  Laying down on the bed on her back, she slightly
parted her golden thighs and showed me for the first time her sweet pussy.  It
looked to me as if there was already a trace of juice oozing from her.  If
there wasn't, she was going to make some for me.  She put her left hand in
between her thighs and began to play with her pussy.  She rubbed her clit, and
began to moan softly as she twisted her hips slightly.  Her other hand went to
her left breast, and began to tweak it's nipple till it looked almost painfully
red and hard.

   "Paul, come over here and eat me!", she gasped as her fingers moved in
circles around her beautiful cunt lips.  Her pussy looked like something out of
a Penthouse.  Her lips were full and pink, and her clit was clearly visible,
peeking at me from under it's hood.  I didn't need to be asked twice.  I got on
the foot of the bed and got my first taste of that luscious pussy.  It tasted
like honey to me.  I made circles around her hole, then began to suck
one of her cunt lips into my mouth, then the other.  I made my way up to her
clit, and VERY gently began to stroke it with my eager tongue.  At the same
time, my hands explored her thighs, rubbing up and down her legs.  She really
did seem to enjoy the cunt lapping I was giving her.  She was softly moaning as
I continued to play with her cunt.  I reached up and felt for those awesome
tits, and got one of them in my hand.  It was warm and firm to the touch, and I
started to knead it as though it were a mound of dough.  Her moaning increased. 
I began to wonder how much of this was real, and how much was some kind of an
act.  Sure, her pussy seemed wet enough, but it wasn't exactly running like a
faucet either.  Well, I thought, the most important thing is that I'M enjoying
it.  I'd try to make it as pleasurable for her as it was for me.

  After about 10 minutes of heavy-duty pussy eating, I decided it was time to
get my dick wet.  As I straightened up and began to mount Angela she looked up
at me and said "Just a minute.  We need a little protection."  She quickly
reached down to the floor where her purse was, and retrieved a condom.  I sat
back on my knees as she pulled off the cellophane wrapper and proceeded to put
the rubber over my prick.  "There.  Now I'm ready.  Let's fuck!"

  And fuck we did.  I put my prick right into that steamy hole and began to
immediately fuck her for all I was worth.  Angela bent her knees to accommodate
me fully, and began to hump back against my groin as I gave her long, deep
strokes with my engorged cock.  She began to moan again, and started to nibble
my neck and ears, her breath becoming rapid and shallow.  "Fuck me with your
hard dick, Paul!  Make me cum, baby!  My pussy wants your cockhead!  I can feel
your balls slapping my wet ass!  Squeeze my titties!"

   Man, she was really turning me on.  Even with the condom on my hard dick I
could feel the heat her pussy was giving off.  I leaned down and sucked one of
her wonderful tits into my mouth, at least as much of it as I could get in.  I
bit the tip of her nipple gently, and she squealed like a stuck pig.  "Bite my
titties!" she screamed.  I swear the people on either side of my hotel room
were getting a verbal porno show for free from this gal!  I sucked one globe,
then the other.  My rhythm was increasing as I felt my balls swell with the
beginning of an enormous orgasm.  She felt it too.

   "Fuck the shit out of me, Paul!" she wailed.  Her goddess-like body
writhered underneath me as I gave her one final thrust.  I felt
the gism dump out of the end of my cock in buckets.  Just then Angela put her
hands underneath me, and gently squeezed my testicles as I shot off.  It was
one of the greatest feelings I'd ever had!  As soon as my spasms subsided, I
rolled off the top of Angela, breathing heavily.  She immediately took the
condom off my dick and licked the cum off my head.  Her tongue was wet and
warm, and it felt wonderful.  As she gave me head, I reached over and fondled
her breasts again.  I just couldn't get over their firmness and size.  They
were the most  perfect titties I'd ever had the pleasure to meet.  I pulled her
long, brown hair to the side so I could get a better view of my prick sliding
in and out of her hungry lips.  She was taking all of me into her mouth, and
down her throat, her tongue swirling around the shaft as she made her way down
to the root of my organ.  She held me there for what seemed like ages, then
SLOWLY let my cock slide back up out of her mouth.  Needless to say, I was hard
again in seconds.

   Angela got on top of me while I lay on my back, and began to massage the
shaft of my cock with her engorged, wet cunt lips.  She slid up and down it's
length several times.  As she did this, I reached up and fondled her tits,
tweaking the hard nipples between my fingers.  Angela leaned over, offering her
titties to be sucked.  I put the right one in my mouth, and began to suck it as
a babe would.  She seemed to really get off on that.  I also started to rub her
mound with my fingers as she slid her cunt over and over again up and down the
shaft of my cock.  Then she did something that felt really weird.  She sat
straight up and put my cock where her beautiful ass was, and lifted herself
lightly on top of it.  "She wants it up the ass!", I thought.  Sure enough,
Angela rubbed the now wet head of my prick at the entrance to her shit hole,
and began to force it's length inside of her ass.  When she had about 2 or 3
inches in her, she began to bounce carefully up and down on top of me.  The
sight of my cock disappearing into her ass was a real turn on, but, to be
honest, the sensation it gave wasn't.  She was really too tight, and the
friction and pressure were just too much to be enjoyable.  But she seemed to
really get off on it, so I didn't want to say anything to her to piss her off. 
After about 5 minutes of having my cock up her ass, Angela decided she had had
enough of that, and got off my prick.

   She got up off the bed and gave me a beautiful front view of her outrageous
body.  Stretching again, she went to the curtains that covered the window in
the room and asked me what was outside.  I told her to go ahead and open up the
wall-sized curtains and take a look.

   When she had opened the curtains, Angela stood back and enjoyed the view of
the Detroit river at night, with the lights of Windsor, Ontario just across on
the other side.  "Wow!" she exclaimed, as she took in the panorama.  Next to
the hotel is a high-rise office building.  Some of the offices still had their
lights on, and you could see the desks, office equipment, etc. inside.  "Do you
think anyone can see us here, Paul?" she asked.

   "I doubt anyone is still at work this time of night." I replied.

   Angela left the curtains open as she came back to the bed.  She leaned over
and kissed me full on the lips, and crawled back on top of the unmade covers. 
"What would you like for me to do now?" she asked.  She didn't even wait for a
reply.  Her warm hand found my still-hard cock, and began to massage it.  Up
and down she went, gently grasping it just under the head and moving her hand
ever so slightly up and down.

   "Roll over on your stomach", I gently growled.

   Angela complied, rolling onto her flat stomach.  She knew what I wanted. 
She grabbed one of the pillows at the head of the bed, and slid it under her
as she lifted her tight ass into the air, swaying ever so slightly.  I
asked her if she had another condom.  She quickly got up and reached for her
purse.  Finding another condom she handed it to me, and resumed her position. 
As I opened the wrapper and proceeded to put the rubber on my hard cock, Angela
began to play with the lips of her soaked cunt, and slid one long finger into
her steamy slit.  What a turn on!

   I bellied up to her waiting torso, and began to play with her clit and pussy
lips with the head of my shrouded dick.  She moaned loudly and pushed back
towards my wavering pole.  In it slid, without any ado.

   Her cunt was like a fucking oven.  I reached in front, and took both her
mammoth breasts in my hands as I pumped her from behind.  I've never had a ride
like that before!  Her hair swaying from her side, Angela again fucked me for
all she was worth.  Her tits bounced against the palms of my hands as we thrust
against each other in heat.  The crack of her ass was hypnotizing me, as I
watched my cock sink in between the firm cheeks of her ass.  A few more minutes
of this and I knew I'd blow my wad for sure.  I slowed my thrusts as best I
could, trying not to make it too obvious that I wanted to hold back my load.  I
decided that I wanted to cum in this babe's mouth.

   I pulled my dick out of her sopping hole, which seemed to grab and suck at
it as I withdrew.  I pulled the condom off my meat and told Angela I wanted
to cum in her mouth.  She turned around to confront my swollen dick, and
swallowed my length entirely.  She noisily slurped up and down the
shaft a few times, then began to jack off just the head of my swollen dick with
her proffed lips.  She was going as fast as she could, just taking the tip in
her mouth, and her hand wrapped around the shaft jacking me off in unison.  She
was going so fast, and the stimulation was so intense, that I couldn't cum.  I
told her to slow down a little.  She did, taking more of me into her mouth now. 
I concentrated on the feeling of her mouth working my dick over, the sweat
between her heaving beasts, and the smile in her eyes as she gave me
world-class head.  Seconds later I spurted my gism into her waiting mouth.  She
drank every drop of it in, never stopping.  It was the best orgasm ever.

   Angela slowly let my now wilted penis drop out of her mouth.  I looked at
the clock by the bed, and realized we had been at it for a full hour.  She
smiled at me and asked "That was great, Paul.  Are you up to a little more?"

   I smiled back at her and said "I've got to meet with customers in the
morning.  If I get some sleep now I'll be smiling.  If we keep this up, I'll
never make it."

   Angela got up off the bed and made her way to the bathroom to freshen up.  A
few minutes later she re-appeared, and began to dress.  She was certainly a
beautiful woman.  All woman.

   "Thanks for everything, Angela." I said as I let her out the door.  She gave
me a sweet kiss that made my cock jump again a little.

   "Sure, Paul.  I enjoyed it too.  Good night."

   And she was gone.
