             * * * D. C.  C A L L B O Y S  * * * 
 
     Something sparked Karl's mind as he sat there watching all those names
go  whizzing by on the bright computer screen.  It stirred up old memories.
An  endless  parade  of young men back in Hollywood.  Like spawning salmon,
there  was  a  neverending supply of them, always available, in every color
and  shade.   There  was  no need to fret, another would appear to take the
place of a fallen angel.

     Most  of the names brightly twinkling, were experienced, at least by a
few  weeks.   The  new  ones,  recent  recruits were marked with asterisks,
denoting  the  availability of these hot new numbers.  They were eager, hot
and  ready  to  please.   Times  had changed, it was no longer difficult to
approach the bi-sexual male, the gays, and even a few straight boys who had
their heads on correctly.  They wanted to make big bucks fast, the only way
in  this fierce world of competition, unless you just happened to born with
a silver spoon in your mouth.

     A  strange  delusion clung to them like a bad odor, they all wanted to
make the money fast, then get out of the business.  It was a good idea, but
it  just  never  quite worked out that way.  Only a few like Karl Petersen,
bright,  intelligent,  business  minded  would  succeed.   Others would get
hooked  on  drugs,  fall  into  the  trappings  of  easy  money,  then find
themselves suddenly older and less attractive.  This was the sad but solemn
truth of male prostitution.

     Karl  Petersen  shuddered, felt that strange melancholia sweeping over
his body like a chilling wind.  Yes this was a warm current, something more
envious  than  unpleasurable.   His mind went rushing back to those days in
Hollywood.   His  modeling career, all those parties, the endless stream of
goodlooking  men, the drugs, the booze.  It was fun in the fastlane, he was
fortunate to get out in time to save himself.

     The  day to depart had come quite by surprise to Karl.  The day he met
Gordon  Vale,  the  handsome congressman, was the day that changed his life
forever.   They set eyes on one another at a lavish party, from that moment
on,  they  were pretty much of a twosome, rather a threesome.  Gordon had a
wife,  but  she  never  interfered,  just  didn't  want to be a part of his
political  life, or his sexual side.  She had her own interests, as long as
it wasn't a problem she kept silent.

     "Perhaps it had been time for a change," he thought sentimentally, his
eyes  drifting  out over the clear sky, as if he were trying to see all the
way  to California.  "Funny, the sky looked like a California sky," looking
out the big picture window toward the west.

     Business  was  booming  in  D.C.   these days, thanks to Karl, who had
built up a respectable escort service, catering to the needs of politicians
and visiting dignitaries.  Not often did outsiders seek him out.  Times had
really  changed  in  the  last ten years.  The young overtaking the old men
retiring,  passing  on the reigns to more virile young men.  It seemed they
were just getting younger every year, a trend that seemed to have no end.

     Karl had a few police, politicians in his pocket.  He couldn't survive
without them.  He would have never come this far without those eyes turning
the  other way, the police taking the money.  The business was running like
a  well-oiled  clock,  that  need  little  or no fine tuning along the way.
Then,  there  were  those little guys in key offices, that always had their
eyes  open,  ready  to  alert  Karl if anyone decided to start a witchhunt.
That was uncommon in these times.  What Karl didn't know however, was those
shady  drug dealers who were eyeing his business, now that it was turning a
decent  dollar.   Also there was the clout, the influence they could profit
from,  gaining  control  over  all those politicians with a taste for young
boys.

     Karl  picked up the phone, slicked back his soft blond hair, turned up
the  photo  of  Gene  Dauville,  then held it, curiously turning it around,
viewing every angle of this gorgeous body.

     "Hi  Gene,  it's  Karl, you ever done Gregory Pratz?" he said, tapping
the  pencil on the notepad, a nervous fetish he had when discussing matters
of  a  sexual nature.  Perhaps it was a faint guilty notion he couldn't let
go  of,  maybe  it  was  just an excitement when talking to those hot young
guys.

     "Well  then,  since  you  haven't, let me fill you in on this guy," he
said,  dropping  the  photo  on the desk, wondering how this pretty boy was
going  to  take  that  big  banana  of Pratz's.  "He's real kinky, likes to
exercise  control,  nothing  abnormal about his sexual appetite, runs a bit
intense," said Karl, trying to keep his reserve.  "Yes, he is big, he likes
it  rough,  just  thought I'd let you know in advance what to expect," said
Karl,  still  gazing  at the picture.  "This boys is going to have one sore
asshole tomorrow," he thought enviously.

     "Okay  Gene, then you can handle this without any problem," good, I'll
talk  to  you  tomorrow,  ---and  if it works out...he's likely to book you
again---,  he's one of our best clients," said Karl, hoping that Gene would
like him, in matters of dollars, it could be a bonanza for both of them.

     Gregory Pratz was high up, wielded a lot of power, not just political,
but  sexual  as well.  Those in D.C.  were afraid to make a move on him, he
was  quite  safe  pursuing  his off-color sexual fantasies.  There wasn't a
single complaint for any of the other boys, in fact they all looked forward
to  seeing  him  again.  There was something fascinating about the guy, his
animal  appeal,  or  his big dick, the way he used it, like a baseball bat,
had those boys begging for more.

     Pratz  was  one  of  those  guys  who  could easily identify with duel
images, playing the power-wielding politician during the day, then slipping
out of that guise, into a bi-sexual, sex hungry fien at night.  The guy was
never satisfied, he had a sex- drive like Atilla the Hun!

     Karl  was  35  years old now, still an enormously attractive man, that
innate  beauty  still  held  like a long summer, refusing to retreat at the
inset  of  autumn.   Golden blond hair, dark at the edges, clear blue eyes,
fresh  skin, that seemed to glow in the sunlight.  He kept his body up too,
working  out  in  his  private  gym,  he  was  rockhard,  slightly muscled,
perfectly  toned.  Maybe that's what kept Gordon Vale coming back for three
years now.

     "If  only  that  bitch  would  give  him a divorce, then they could be
together  permanently,"  he  thought,  lingered  a moment, tasted a sudden,
deliciousness about the thought of permanence with Gordon.

     Gene  stood  there  before the mirror, the brilliant red robe, loosely
open,  his  pale, golden skin lusciously complimented against the robe.  He
combed  back  the short, dark hair, watched his baby blue eyes sparkling in
the light.

     "Just  a  few  more  adjustments,  and  you'll be ready for just about
anything,"   he   thought,  checking  over  mentally,  the  list  of  prime
necessities  before  sexual  activity.   He'd been the first to get the new
vaccine  for  AIDS.  Not that he wasn't being careful, he was.  The vaccine
had  come  suddenly,  a  surprise  to  everyone, it started another boom in
sexual activity, but still, there prevailed an air of caution.  Gene wasn't
compromising those cautions, not matter how good the vaccine was.

     He'd  duesched,  sprayed  the  spermicidal  foam  up  his  anus,  then
deposited  the  tube  of lubricant by the bed, complete with a pain killer.
He  knew these guys with big dicks like to use them like weapons.  He'd had
those  days,  not  being able to sit down for at least 48hours.  This night
promised to be now exception.

     "God  he  looked ready to eat," he thought, pinching at his firm tits,
until  they  stood  out, pressing against the silky material.  The robe was
open  down  to  his  navel,  allowing  his  client to view the merchandise,
building up his voracious appetite at the sight of that luscious male body.

     The  bell  suddenly  rang,  he jumped, he wasn't quite ready, but that
signalled  there  was  an  impatient  client  at his door.  It was time for
business  as usual.  He turned of the light, then walked confidently to the
door.

     "Hi  Gregory,  I'm Gene, come in, like a drink or something stronger?"
he  said, smiling, turning so that his full round buttocks were in front of
those burning eyes.

     "Yes  thanks,  something  stronger will do just fine," said Pratz, his
eyes  beheld  something  that  started the engines of a space vehicle.  The
loomed  like a swerving, hot comet, gobbled up his presence, drilled a hole
clear to his soul.

     Gene  seated  him  in  the tastefully decorated living room.  The lush
sofa  accepted  their  bodies, sinking deep into the material, Pratz leaned
back,  but  never  took  those  burning  eyes  off the youthful flesh for a
moment.

     Pratz  was not an old man by far, still in his prime, a little graying
at the sides, but still mucho fire in the furnace.  His appearance was that
of  a  bull, sturdy and strong, forceful and willful.  The man could nearly
make you feel somewhat humble in his presence.  Gene was about to learn the
wisdom of that strength.

     Gene  separated  the soft, white lines with the razor blade, snorted a
line through the silver straw, then handed it to Pratz, his pale blues eyes
becoming  like  water pools of silky liquid.  Pratz quickly sucked the line
up  his  nose.   Leaned back, his lungs swell like a big bullfrog, about to
make his presence known.

     Before  Gene  could say another word, Pratz has seized him, smothering
his  mouth  with  feverish,  wet  kisses, then racing over his upper torso,
tearing  away  the robe furiously.  He lay there startled at the suddenness
of  his approach.  Began to breath wildly, at the hot tongue delivering the
kisses all over his hardened tits.

     Gene  had  was  not  expecting  what  happened next, at least he had a
notion  that  something  kinky might happen.  The cold metal cuffs suddenly
wound  around his wrists, he became a virtual prisoner of his client.  This
was his very first encounter with bondage, he would ease himself into this,
pretend it was playtime, yet Gregory had more serious play in mind.

     "What's  with  the cuffs man?" said Gene, in a curious reply, allowing
Pratz  to  think he was surprised.  He didn't' speak, his eyes however told
the  whole story.  They blazed with some hellish intensity, changing in the
dim light, like far off fires of hell.

     The  handcuffs were a bit uncomfortable, the idea of being at the full
mercy of this man was not.  He was strong, much stronger than he could have
imagined.   He  handled  his  170lbs  like  a sack of potatoes, tossing him
around  the  bed,  slapping  at his legs and buttocks, gently at first, yet
becoming more forceful with each slap.

     "You  fucking little bastard, you've been a real bad boy," he growled,
his  face changed, almost as if it was for real.  "Daddy's going to have to
punish  you,  beat you're little ass till it's good and raw," he whispered,
his  voice deepening, gurgling with sexual connotation and deeper emotional
upheaval.   The  man  was  playing  out  some  psychotic, emotional trauma,
perhaps  something that had dug under his skin, and was about to erupt into
a real- live drama, to be played out in that bedroom.

     He  took  Gene  by  the  hair,  wrenching his head back, his hot mouth
surged  upon  his  lips, wildly, relentlessly delivering a flurry of tongue
and kisses over his smooth face.

     "Yeah  you  little  fucker,  you're punishment is going to be right up
your  asshole!,"  he  quivered, his voice was jerky now, mixed with passion
and  raw sexual emotion.  He flipped Gene over on his stomach, grinding him
into  the deep, silky comforter.  He took his hand, the big cock completely
filling  his  fist,  then  quickly  guided it into the wet, shiny buttocks,
pulsing under him.

     "Oh  god  it's  big..it's big as hell, be careful, you'll tear me up,"
pleaded  Gene, unable to move his hands to stop the huge intrusion, or even
slow  it's  determined  penetration.  It stung, the massive head stretching
his  anus  apart,  tearing  into the delicate flesh.  He cried out in pain,
groaning  deeply from inside.  His cries only further nurtured that craving
in  Pratz.  He seemed to enjoy the power he was wielding over the beautiful
body,  then drove deeper, the cries becoming louder as each thickened inch,
spread his anus further apart than ever before.

     Lots  of  men  had fucked Gene, but this was different, it was primal,
animalistic,  charged  like a bolt of lightening, the full fury of standing
out  in a thunderstorm.  He reveled in it, his body lit up like a fireworks
display.   He  couldn't hold back the surge of feelings that strung him out
like drug that delivered a rush, a fever!

     "Oh  god!   oh son-of-a-bitch....fuck me please!  fuck the hell out of
me---that's    right...deeper..deeper...fuck    me    hard---I   can   take
it..hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...ohhhhhhhhhhhhh...yeah..fuck   meeeeeeeeeeee!!!"  Gene
was feverishly begging now, Pratz had full control, whipping his sweet body
into  a frenzy, driving into him like a big locomotive.  The bed shook like
an  earthquake,  it sounded as if Pratz were tearing him from limb to limb.
Yet  the  fury  of  his  force,  his huge cock was only unleashing the full
emotional  range  that was mostly withheld in Gene.  He seldom reached this
ultimate state of erotic fever, rarely displayed the untapped range of full
sexual immersing.  This man, this animal, had tapped those internal, sexual
responses, that no man had ever accomplished before.

     Gene's  mind  was in a spin, his body was on fire, he couldn't control
himself for the first time.  The pulsing cock inside, the driving intensity
of  Pratz's  body,  slamming  into  his  smooth  flesh,  caused a premature
explosion, he shot furiously, his body shook like a man with epilepsy.

     Pratz  responded  like a great white, sensed the ejaculation, felt the
anus  tighten  around  his  big  cock,  then shot with the energy of a fire
hydrant.   The  force of his cum shooting, sent Gene into a fit of ecstasy,
he  rolled,  like  a dog, pushing his ass hard into Pratz's cock, barreling
his  buns,  crying out as the flood of cum filled his ass, warm as dripping
honey.

     The  evening  wasn't  long enough, after five successive fuckings, his
body  spent  in every conceivable contortion, the final fucking came out on
the  patio.   The  air was cool, the mattress cold against his back.  Pratz
had  carried him out in the darkened veranda.  Laid him on his back, lifted
his  legs,  then  drove  into him like a madman.  It was wild, being fucked
outside, staring up at the highrise, the stars, the light of the buildings.
It  was  like  fucking  in  the faces of the whole town, yet not a soul had
observed  the  wild  foray.   Gene's  eyes  grew  lazy,  mesmurized  by the
glittering  canopy  over  head.   Five times the man had fucked him and was
still going strong.  He touched the wet skin slamming into him, his fingers
felt  the  power of his things moving like great hydraulic plungers.  There
was  no  pain,  it  was paradise, that big cock inside, massaging his anus,
felt  secure  and  hot, he wanted to keep it there, hold that pose, pressed
humbly  like a boy into the mattress.  This powerful man held him prisoner,
a  vice-like grip of dripping, hot, savage love-making.  Gene tightened his
legs  around Gregory's neck, like big scisors, clamping him tight.  He felt
his  anus  pucker,  then  the  another  big explosion filled his ass with a
torrent of hot cum.  He moaned, writhed, forced every muscle in his body to
caress  the huge mass inside him, then slowly drifted into a euphoric cloud
of ecstasy.

     Pratz  carried  him  back  to  the  bed,  dropped him on the mussed up
comforter.   "Now, you really got drilled, maybe next time you'll be a good
boy,"  he  said  softly,  his  voice  seemed  more  tranquil  now, appeased
sexually.   He  began  to  dress,  pulling up his pants over the huge tool.
Gene  felt a little nervous, a sudden twinge inside.  It was almost as if a
lover  was  departing,  he  felt strangely letdown.  A stranger urge seemed
unfitting,  especially  in  this business.  Yet a nagging thought would not
let go, he wanted this man again, something that rarely entered his mind or
his convictions.

     Gene  never told them he wanted them again, he couldn't put his finger
on  this strange feeling, yet it was something he wanted more than anything
he  could  imagine.   He  just had to trust that Pratz liked him, and would
request him again.

     "Okay  Gregory,  hope  to see you again soon, I'll keep my appointment
book  open,"  said  Gene, truly encouraging the man to make a return visit.
He departed with little to say.  Yet this was the case with men like Pratz,
the  small  guilt  would  consume  them for a while, then the craving would
bring them back.

     Gene  fell asleep that night, all he could think of, was the wonderful
fucking  he  experienced.   Never  before  had  any  man  made  him feel so
electrically  alive,  his  appetite flared, he began to flirt with notions,
how to get this man back in his bed again.

     Karl  had  one more setup to take care of.  This was going to be quite
an  evening,  he  was  breaking  in the new boy, that luscious blond, Sonny
Baker.   This  was  the  find  of  the  year.   One of Karl's procurers had
actually  come  across this goldmine.  The boy was 19, a student at a local
college.   He  was  in  need  of some exposure, and of extra income.  Sonny
Baker  was  a  new breed of young men descending on Washington.  Completely
devoid  of  any  provincial convictions and the sheer drive to succeed.  He
was  a  law  student, his ambitions was to succeed with his body as well as
his  keen  intellect.   The  guy was combining the power of sex with wit an
initiative,  sidestepping the usual competition, striving to make it to the
top by influence, and sexual power.

     There was little doubt that he wouldn't succeed, he had the body of an
adonis,  kept it well toned.  He was bright, very entertaining, and willing
to  to  do just about anything to succeed.  The recipe added up to one hot,
new  number.   These  were  the  kind  of  boys  that were crediting Karl's
business  with  the  best merchandise anyone could offer.  They didn't have
just  looks and sex, they had smarts, intelligence, a blend that was rather
difficult to procure in most cases.

     "Hey  there Sonny, this is Karl, you ready to get started tonight?" he
said,  his  voice  was optimistic, engaging the young man.  "I have a Cuban
diplomat  for you, this guy is really a sexual bombshell," he said, filling
Sonny  in  on his client for the night.  Carlo Martinez, was the envoy from
Cuba.   He kept a tightrope act, walking the line between democracy and the
Castro  version  of  socialism.   He  was  a  pleasant man, gentle and very
sexual.   Somehow  Castro  was  tolerating  his bi-sexuality, as long as it
didn't  make  headlines.  He was allowed to act freely, enjoy the fruits of
his  successful persuasions in Washington, Castro would continue to applaud
him.

     Now that all was in order, it was time for Karl to indulge in a little
fun  of  his  own.  Gordon was about to visit.  Gordan Vale, the man is his
life, the wonderful, kind Congressman that had made all this possible.  All
he  wanted  to  do  was  to please him, make him happy, vent his passion on
Gordon, the sort of loving that kept this man going.

     The  man  was  on  time, Gordon was timely as a Swiss watch.  The bell
rang,  there  was  no question of whom was at his door.  He opened it back,
there stood Gordon, dressed in his deep blue suit, his tie had already been
loosened.  His coat draped back, the top button undone.

     "Hi  Babe!   you  ready  for some serious foreplay?" all I could think
about,  was  rolling  around  in  those  sheets  with you tonight," he said
softly, his eyes sparkling like the sun on a crystal blue lake.

     "How  the hell are you?" said Karl, reaching out, pulling him into his
arms,  then shutting the door soundly behind them.  Karl pulled his face up
to his, their lips met, the kiss was deep and long.  "Hmmmmmm....looks like
you're  ready  for  some  action,  said Karl, his hands dug into his pants,
driving   down   inside,   cupping   the   firm  buttocks,  squeezing  them
passionately.

     "You  gonna  fuck  my  brains  out tonight?" he said breathlessly, his
mouth  searching  Karl's  lips,  his hands stroking through the short blond
hair.

     "Bet  your  sweet  ass  I will, got a real fine ass there Congressman,
best  ass in the Congress I'll bet," said Gene, his fingers probing deeper,
feeling the hot anus pulsing against his finger.

     It  was great undressing Gordan, slowly removing his shirt, the clean,
fresh  body,  the  pink  nipples  hardened against the firm contours of his
chest.   The  tiny,  fine  hairs  that  dotted his cleavage on an otherwise
smooth  body.   He  fell  completely  under Karl's spell, like a schoolboy,
being  undressed  by his mother, completely compliant.  He fell back on the
large  bed,  staring up at the disciplined hands, the kind sensitive hands,
undressing  him,  readying  him for a sexual free-for-all.  Karl pulled the
pants away, just the white briefs, the final barrier between his stiff cock
and  that  sweet  ass.  He fell softly upon Gordan, their bodies contacted,
the  sweet  odor  of  the  two bodies merging became the impetus for a more
carnal desire.

     Gordon's  eyes had softened now, yet there was deep emotion underlying
the  watery  surface,  a  fire  burned there, one that was full of need and
desire, a fulfillment that needed nourishing now!

     "Oh  baby,  hmmmmmmmm...yes...put  your  sweet  cock  in  me  now," he
crooned,  his  eyes fell dreamy, his lips parted taking Karl's full, strong
tongue,  jabbing  inside  his  mouth.   Instinctively his legs wound around
Karl's  waist,  his  buttock  pointed  at  the  large, stiff penis, aiming,
throbbing,  ready  to  enter  the gates of paradise.  Karl arched his body,
pushed at the tender buttocks, then penetrated the anxious flesh eagerly.

     "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh---yes!    fuck   me   now...fuck  me  deep  and  hard
baby!...he  cried,  his  voice was thick and succulent, he drew in gasps of
air, his chest heaved in an out, taking the stabbing cock up his ass.

     "Oh   yes   I'm   gonna  fuck  you,  fuck  you  real  hard  and  good,
hmmmmmmmnmmm...your  sweet  ass  is mine mister!" whispered Karl, his mouth
sucked at Gordon's tits, leaving a trail of fluid over them, they glistened
in  the  soft  light, heaving and sighing as he penetrated, deeper, deeper,
until he was all nine inches inside of Gordon.

     The  passion  lasted  far  into  the  night.  It seemed insatiable for
Gordon  and  Karl.   But  they  were  in  love,  there was no barriers that
couldn't be hurdled, no passion that couldn't be satisfied this night.

     Outside,  in  the  darkened  night,  two unclean figures were at work,
putting  in  place  instruments,  to  record  their  private  love- making,
plotting  their downfall, the instrument of terrible change about to impale
them.

     The  sky  outside  held  an  ominous warning, clouds leapt high in the
night  sky.   A  storm was brewing, the day had warned, the sticky air, the
high  humidity.  The storm wasn't confined to just the bedroom, it radiated
around  the  city,  forces were at work this night, both good and bad.  The
ominous  changes  would  soon  become  a  fissure,  a  crack in the wall of
security, a threat that could not be avoided.

     It  seemed  as  if  Karl's  well-oiled  machine was about to have some
mechanical  failures.   Those men who sought to take over his business were
shoving  monkey wrenches into the works, a breakdown was eminent.  Not even
the  keen  eyes, those who could forewarn, had little or no warning of this
new threat, coming like a thief in the night!

     If  Karl  had any notion, any warning about these men, those connected
with  the south American drug cartel, he might have been able to defuse it,
yet it was already in place, like a time-bomb about to explode in his face.
They  sought  absolute  control,  of  clients  and  the  boys, there was no
stopping them now.

     It  wasn't  just the male-escort business they were after, they wanted
control  of those who frequented the boys, then their influence in the drug
world  would  be  much more secured.  Once they controlled the politicians,
there was little else in the way.

     The  cartel  was  out to make it clean, no fuss no muss.  Just get the
goods  on  Karl  and a few others, then drive them out of business and step
in,  without any notoriety or scandal.  Much like the Mafia was able to do,
but these boys could really play rough, right down to murder if necessary.

     It  was a week later, that night of incendiary love-making.  Pratz had
been  drawn  back  to  Gene's  arms like a moth to a flame.  He wanted that
innocence,  that  helpless  appearance that was etched in Gene's looks, his
body.   He  wanted  to  assault  that fresh, creamy skin, suck on those hot
tits,  drive  his  cock into the boy until he screamed for mercy!  Gene had
that  affect  on  men,  it  was  something pure about him.  His skin was so
clean,  so pure, like a young choir boy, his lips rosy and tintilating.  It
drove men wild, it opened all their secret desires, like a pandora's box.

     Not  only  were they prowling Gene's apartment, but were about to make
themselves  visible  at  Sonny  Baker's  who  was about to engage in a hot,
second session with Carlo Martinez.  Carlo had become passionately involved
with  Sonny.   He  was possessed by the golden boys' body, he couldn't stay
away  from  him.  There was virtually no other man at the moment, who got a
shot  at  him.  You might say that Carlo was obsessed, and who wouldn't be?
A  boy  who  had  suddenly  came from virtually nowhere, was prime, grade A
stuff.   Sure he'd had a few sexual flings, but he was primarily untouched,
but  learning quickly with Carlo.  Especially that huge piece of Latin meat
that  had  turned  Sonny  inside  out for the last two weeks.  He'd spent a
small  fortune,  to  guarantee that he, Carlo was the only man fucking this
blond adonis.

     Carlo  eased  down into the softness of the bed, Sonny on his lap, his
legs  clinched  around  his  waist,  the  big  cock had swelled to enormous
proportions.  It paused just between his firm thighs, the big head pulsing,
ready to penetrate the young ass.

     "You  are one beautiful boy, your skin is like honey and cream, you're
ass is the sweetest thing I've ever fucked," said Carlo, his big brown eyes
rolled  amorously in his proud head.  His face flushed with passion, he was
deeply  in love with this boy, but he had to be careful, his passions could
be his destruction.

     "You  really like this ass eh Carlo?" well I really like that big dick
of  yours up my ass, really love the way you fuck me!" said Sonny.  After a
week  of  constant  banging  by Carlo, he'd become increasingly attached to
him.  He was very careful not to lose sight of his dreams, keeping Carlo at
a  healthy distance.  Not physically, but mentally.  He toyed with the man,
went  along  with  his fantasies.  It took real control, which he'd learned
from  one  of  his teachers.  Sonny thought about that guy, the gym teacher
who  had  fucked  him  silly  a few times.  The guy used that cock like a a
passionate  tongue,  had  taught him how to take a big one without wrecking
his  rectum.  Taught his how to control his anus, get the maximum enjoyment
out of a big dick.  Thank goodness for that coach, otherwise he'd have been
bleeding to death by now with that 10 incher.

     Carlo was fucking the hell out of Sonny, his eyes rolled back in sheer
delight,  the  big  cock  ramming  into  his  buttocks, he lay on his side,
Carlo's  body  humped feverishly, slapping against his bare skin.  Suddenly
he saw the two men standing there, they'd come from out of nowhere.

     "Hey!   what  the  hell, how did you guys get in here?" shouted Sonny,
stunned  by  their  sudden appearance.  Carlo turned, his cock still inside
Sonny,  his eyes turning on the two latin men, standing their snickering at
them.

     "Well  Carlo,  looks like you're getting the best of that yankee ass?"
said  one of the men.  He seemed to know Carlo, standing there partially in
the shadows.

     "I  can't see you, what's your name, you got no right to be here, this
is  breaking  and entering," shouted Carlo, embarrassed, slowly extricating
himself from Sonny's anus.

     "Doesn't  make any difference who the hell we are, see this?  it's all
I  need  to  drop on Mr.  Castro...Carlo!" said the man, his voice was deep
and threatening.

     "Anyway,  how is that young stud, he a good fuck Carlo?" said the man,
his voice was thicker now, filled with an ominous connotation.

     The  other man stepped forward with a gun, inched it between them, the
cold  barrel  laying  across  Sonny's buttocks.  He nudged the gun, forcing
them  apart,  then  made a gesture, urging Carlo to leave the room with the
man who was obviously in charge.

     "Come  on  Carlo, let's go have a smoke while me boy has some fun with
your plaything," said the man.

     "I  know  you,  you're  Fredrico  Cardonza,  how's  the  drug  traffic
Fredrico?"  he spouted sarcastically, his face fuming at the thought of the
other man with Sonny.

     "Don't  get  any  brave  ideas Carlo, I'd just as soon shoot you right
here  and  how,  save  Castro  the problem when he finds out you're fucking
young boys," said the man, his smile revealed bright, white teeth, his soft
black moustache lent a handsome appearance to his darker features.

     Carlo  heard  Sonny  groan,  listened  to  the  sounds  of the furious
pounding,  the skin slapping against his satin skin, enraged at the thought
of the stranger fucking the boy.

     "Hmmmmmm....ohhhhhhh..hmmmmm...Please  stop..please...ohhhhhhh!!   the
sounds  kept  up.   He  could  barely  stand  it,  listening  to  the awful
passionate  cries.   The man was fucking Sonny unmercifully.  He could hear
him gasping, the sounds of heavy breathing, then suddenly, the high-pitched
squeal,  the  man  cumming in him, Sonny crying out as his body unwillingly
accepted the torturous load being shot inside him.

     Carlo tried to pull away, a sudden effort to intercede, but the barrel
of the gun stopped him in his track.s

     "Okay  Carlo,  How  about  you,  let's put your ass on the line, since
you're  so  good  at  fucking!"  said  the  man,  forcing him back into the
bedroom.  He gazed the bed.  The other man had Sonny pinned to the bed.  He
was fucking him again, his legs over his shoulders.  The bed shook, rattled
at the man pumped at him.

     "You're  next  Carlo,  Julio  is a hot lover, just loves fucking tight
assholes,  he'll  make  you  feel like a real woman!" said the man, pushing
backwards  on the bed.  Carlo facial features contorted, his blood ran hot,
he wanted to kill them, but he couldn't endanger Sonny, he had to comply.

     Again,  Julio  came  in Sonny, he whimpered at he big cock in him, his
eyes  rolling  around  in  his  head,  dizzy at his body being assaulted so
aggressively.

     "Here  you  go  Julio,  fuck the hell out of Carlo, this one I want to
see.   Julio  turned,  his  cock  still  hard,  took Carlo around the neck,
pulling  him  backward, then rolled him over on his stomach.  He rammed the
big  cock  between  Carlo's legs, pressed into him, drove the big cock deep
inside  him.   He  pounded at him like a furious animal, then came with one
big thrust.

     "Oh god...oh god!  it hurts, it hurts...hmmmmmmmmmmmm....ohhhhhhhhhhh!
Carlo  reached  over, felt Sonny's silky skin, as if to pacify him.  It was
only  moments,  the  man  had  withdrawn  from him, he lay prostrate, still
stunned  by the fucking.  He took Sonny again, both of them this time, each
taking   turns,   Julio  and  Fredrico,  fucking  him  in  every  position,
relentlessly,  riveting  him  to  the  floor,  where they took their savage
pleasures.

     Carlo was so weakened by the experience, unable to do anything against
these  men  with  guns,  who  were  tearing into Sonny like a marauding and
plundering bunch of revolutionaries.

     "Hmmmmmmmmmmmmm....ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh-hmmmmmmmmm!  oh no...please stop,
it's    hurting,    please    stop..hmmmmmmmmmmmmm....oh   fuck   me...fuck
me...yeah...fuck  me!   faster...yes...faster..harder!   Carlo could barely
fathom what he was hearing, Sonny was begging them, urging them on.  He was
stunned  for moment, then realized it might be his way of getting them off,
wearing them down so they'd stop fucking him.

     It  worked,  they  finally  had  enough,  over an hour of constant and
gruelling penetration, they finally fulfilled their appetite.  They got up,
put their clothes on.

     "From  now  on  Carlo,  you're  working for us, don't forget it!" said
Fredrico,  pulling up his pants, his smile was devilish, his passion vented
on the boy.

     "And  if  you  want  to  continue seeing Sonny, I'm afraid you have no
other  alternative.  Incidently, you're gonna have to share him with Julio,
he  seems to have fallen in love with the boy.  Carlo watched as Julio took
Sonny's  hair,  bent  his head back, then smothered his mouth with a heated
kiss.   His  hand  gripping  at  the firm buttocks, cupping them, curiously
noting that they were now his property.

     Fredrico and Julio were amassing quite a library of video tapes.  That
very next night, they secretly watched and filmed quite a callosal trail of
film.   Three  of  Karl's most handsome and sought after young men, were at
the  summoned  to  the  rental  house where the Roman type orgy was to take
place.

     The  Senator  was  Calvin  Bennet, a very powerful man, who took great
pleasure  in  his  sexual  cravings.  Part of which included handsome young
college  students.   That was his favorite desert.  He enjoyed watching his
friends  take  out  their  sexual fantasies on the boys, another one of his
perverse, sexual desires.  Fredrico had bribed the owner of the house, with
free  cocaine, supplied him with all his needs.  He eagerly allowed them to
do their dirty Work.

     They  hid  in  the attic, from a save vantage point watched the sexual
scenario  unfold  before  their amazed eyes.  There were two blonds and one
dark  haired  boy.   All  built like brick shit houses, muscle bound jocks.
That's  what  the  Senator  preferred,  young guys who looked like football
players.

     The  champagne  and  cocaine  was  liberally  passed  around,  getting
everyone  in  the heated mood for action.  It was Calvin Bennet who started
the action.  He pulled the dark head lad aside, pulled him down on his lap.
He  began  to  fondle  the  young  man, reaching inside his flimsy t-shirt,
rubbing  his  washboard stomach, unzipping his pants, pulling out his stiff
cock, then sucking it before everyone.

     Soon the room was scattered with bodies.  Two men on one.  Several men
proceeded  to  undress  Tommy, the big, gentle giant, they licked his naked
body  from  head  to  toe after ripping away his clothing.  One of the men,
then  stood up, wrestled him to the carpet, where they took their pleasures
with him.  Repeatedly fucking him, he groaned and cried out in pain as they
penetrated  him time and time again.  His muscled body rippled with fits of
pleasure.   His  thickly  muscled legs wrapped around the smaller mans neck
seemed out of proportion.  Yet the smaller man had the biggest cock, that's
what Tommy wanted up his ass.  He might have broken the man's neck with one
hand,  yet  he lay like a lamb, took the furious pounding at his ass like a
real pro.

     Bennet held the young mans face in his crotch, "Ah...suck it boy, suck
it  good,  then  I'm  going  to fuck that pretty ass of yours he groaned in
pleasure.  He'd stripped the boy naked, laid him out on the carpet, crawled
over  him,  pinning  him to the floor, jabbing at his plump buttocks with a
wild, animal fury.  The boy pounded, dug into the carpet, as he pumped like
a fein at his ass.

     "You  like  my dick up you ass don't you jock?" he muttered, the sweat
rolling  down  his  reddened  face,  his hands slapping at the tender young
flesh.   David replied in a compliant tone, "Oh yes, I love to be fucked, I
love it fast and hard," said the boy beneath him.

     James  the  other  blond,  was  a  real  football jock, his own sexual
appetite  for  bizarre  sex had caught him up in this clandestine orgy.  He
loved physical contact, especially with men, aggressive men, who could give
him  what  he  wanted,  constant  and  gruelling sex.  He was sandwiched in
between  two  young  politicians, men who were on their way to the top, the
top  of  him  at the moment.  It was a difficult position, but two cocks up
his  ass at the same time sent him into a furious state of excitement.  His
muscled  body  rippled  like  waves on an ocean, his strong thighs and legs
pumped at the bodies driving into him.

     "Fuck  me  guys...fuck  me deep and hard..uhhhhh yeah...fuck my brains
out....yeah...oh  yeah!   ohhhhhhhhhhhh...ummmmmmmmmmhhhhh,  he  cried, his
lips  suck  at  the  wet  skin, pulled at their legs, forcing them to drive
deeper into his god-like body.

     "Some godamn orgy eh Julio," whispered Fredrico, his eyes glued to the
small opening.

     "Yeah, those gringo jocks can really lay into a good fuck!" my dick is
getting  hard  watching,"  he  said  quietly,  rubbing the big bulge in his
pants'.

     "Sorry  Julio,  maybe you'll get a shot at one of them later, we can't
interfere  in this, just get the film, that's all," he said, his own crotch
was swelling just from the action going on down there.

     What  surprised  Fredrico  the most, was these hero-like bodies, those
jocks,  who  appeared  to  be what they weren't.  He was amazed at how they
allowed  themselves  to  be completely mauled by those men who weren't much
men  compared  to them.  It was awesome to watch those little guys, fucking
the  hell  out  of  those  muscle- bound jocks.  The film alone was worth a
mint, regardless of the motives it would be used for.

     Fredrico watched the big blond, moving his ass, bucking like a bronco,
the  two  men  fucking  him at once was a sight for sore eyes.  He writhed,
flailed  his  arms,  cried  like  a baby as they pumped at his ass.  It was
wild, the way they took all that abuse, but being big boys, they handled it
easily.

     The big blond seemed insatiable, the very moment one of the guys fell
away,  he  pulled the other one back on top, he wanted that cock up his ass
every minute.

     "Yeah...fuck  me...fuck me like a dog," he groaned, his ass bucked up,
his  face in the carpet, his legs clinched around the young mans waist like
a  wrestler.  It was hours later, the man was still pumping away on the big
blond,  who  had faded, lying sprawled on his face.  He was like a machine,
so strung out, so fascinated with the jock, his cock would not go soft.

     "Yeah big boy, wake up you bitch!" he said, slapping at the young mans
face, his big blue eyes fluttered.

     "Yeah  baby,  go on...fuck me all night, I feel you inside me, fuck me
all  night!"  he whispered, his big arms pulling the young man down on him.
He  squirmed those big, luscious buttocks, raised them up, then bucked into
the furious cock.  The young man shot another full load into him.

     It  was about 3 a.m in the morning, Fredrico and Julio slipped quietly
out  of the attic, out the back door and into the night with their precious
videos.   There  was  just one more calling card now, Gene Dauville and the
congressman  Gregory  Pratz, they'd have enough condemning tape to buy them
all out now.

     Fredrico  wasn't  a  putz,  as  they say in New York, the guy was dead
serious  about  taking  over the escort business.  He had powerful backers,
some  who  might  turn  out to be residents of Washington D.C.  themselves,
linked  inextricably to the drug cartel.  Fredrico's bold plans could never
have  succeeded  had  it  not  been  for  these  dark  horses, these men of
substance.   They  lurked  in  the  background,  distant players in a huge,
clandestine  game.   They  could  hide  in  the shadows, yet still pull the
strings, keep the big boys from Latin America from taking over 100percent.

     Fredrico  had a master plan, he had to scare the daylights out of Karl
and  Gordon  Vale,  otherwise  his plan might not fully succeed.  He had to
convince  them,  both of them to pack and get out of town, clearing the way
for  him  to  move  in  and  take  up residence.  What he had in mind would
convince just about anyone the power behind him meant business.

     The  dark  Mercedes rolled quietly along the street, like a big cat on
the prowl.  The engine suddenly shut down.  They stared up at the lights in
the apartment.

     "Remember  now,  Vale  and  Karl are lovers, we have to make this look
good,  convince  the  son-of-a-bitch  to  get  out of town," said Fredrico,
grinning  that  evil  smile,  that  look  on his face that gave Julio carte
blanche to commit any sexual act upon Karl he pleased.

     "Oh  yeah,  this is gonna be good," he boasted, spraying the freshener
in  his  mouth, flexing his muscles, posturing in some absurd macho stance.
"Yeah  boy,  I've been wanting that ass, I'll fuck the bitch real good," he
boasted as they slipped quietly past the bribed guard.

     It was so easy, having a pass key, just walk in on them, likely they'd
find  them right in the bedroom, ready!  The door opened slowly, they crept
into  the  dimly lit room, then through the dinning room, down the hallway,
then  paused  for  a moment.  They stared in the bedroom, just a very faint
light,  gave  evidence  that  a  sexual  foray was in progress.  They moved
quickly, were standing at the foot of the bed like unwelcome observers.

     It  wasn't  instantly,  rather  quite  by  accident,  that Karl slowly
realized  there  were  men  in  the bedroom.  His reaction was delayed, not
quick enough.  Julio had seized him, pulled him off Gordon, still attached.
He  struggled  to free himself, but it was useless, Julio was the stronger,
dragging him off to the adjoining bedroom.

     "Now Mr.  Vale, while Julio enjoys himself, I'm going to give you some
personal  advice,"  said Fredrico, sitting casually on the edge of the bed,
lighting  up  a cigarette.  The flames gave on an eerie, uncanny appearance
to his face.  In fact it was quite impressive, etching a sense of fear into
Gordon, lying back, still stunned at the sudden intrusion.

     "What's  he  doing  to  Karl,  he better not hurt him you bastard, I'm
warning you!  said Gordon, posturing from the reclining position.

     "Warning!   who's  warning  who  Mr.   Vale?"  said Fredrico, his tone
quickly  switching  from  calm to angry.  "If I were you, I'd just lay back
and  go  along  for  the  ride,  You got no fucking choice," said Fredrico,
dangling the video in his face.

     "What the hell is that supposed to mean," said Gordon, his concern now
shifting to what was in the video he held.

     "Damaging  evidence,  that's  what's in here," said Fredrico, his tone
now more convincing, more ominously threatening.

     "You  haven't  got anything on me, that's probably just a blank tape,"
said Gordon, badgering Fredrico, attempting to bluff the man.

     "You  think  so  lover boy!  well you should see yourself, getting the
rod  up your ass everytime you come over here, It's you alright, and nobody
else," said Fredrico, grinning the devilish smile.

     "How the hell did you get it?  there's no way you could," said Gordon,
now furious, his eyes blazing in the dark, he pulled the sheets up to cover
his naked body.

     "You  don't  need to be concerned about the whys and wheres Mr.  Vale,
what  is  true, is that these tapes are real, and so are you on film," said
Fredrico, depositing the tape back in his coat.

     Suddenly  there  came  a  loud  cry from the other bedroom, it stirred
Gordon,  he  tried  to  jump  from  the  bed.  Fredrico quickly lashed out,
knocking  him back on the bed.  The blow stunned him for a moment, he moved
again, but was knocked back again, this time he felt the pain.

     He  heard those cries, instinctively he knew what was happening.  That
bastard  was fucking Karl, raping him, it sent a wave of anger through him,
but he was at this man's mercy.

     "I  wouldn't  do that again if I were you, I'm liable to unleash Julio
on you next, who knows...you just might like that big ten inch cock up your
ass  congressman!"  he  threatened,  his eyes were mean, he meant business,
Gordon could see the anger.

     There  wasn't  much he could do for Karl, it was painful, degrading to
listen  to the noise, being helpless, unable to help him was the very worse
thing he could imagine.

     Julio  strained at Karl, his wrists had been taped behind him, to ease
the struggling.  He'd forced the vaseline into Karl's anus, all the effort,
the defenses were all eroded.  There was virtually no way, nothing he could
have  done  to  keep that huge cock from penetrating his ass.  His head was
forced  into  the  carpet,  Julio  stooped  over him, pulling him up by his
waist, ramming the big cock into his ass unmercifully.  He pounded, riveted
into  him like a fast moving freight train.  The first time he came, it was
like  a  valve,  under  pressure,  exploding.   The  hot juice blew like an
uncorked  bottle of wine, furiously, spaying hot cum inside him, filling up
his tight ass, then spilling out, running down his sweaty buttocks.

     Karl's  muffled  voice,  his  pleas, his panting, the heavy breathing,
just  urged  Julio on.  He only paused for a moment, the furry, momentarily
abating,  then  surging again like a brand new furry.  The rage went on for
an insidious hour, he vented all the sexual rage on Karl's asshole, fucking
him  until  his moans became weaker and weaker, finally giving in, his body
relaxed, he took the pounding now in stride.

     Hmmmmmmmmm...ohhhhhhhhh..unhhhhhhhhhhh!   just  muffled cries, the big
cock  prompted  more  groans,  slowly,  more passionately they grew passive
until  Julio  felt  Karl's  ass  begin  to  sway, to move with each stroke,
forcing  the  firm  buttocks, running with sweat, taking every last inch of
his swollen sword.

     Julio  suddenly  appeared  in the door, his body was shimmering in the
light,  as  if  he'd just stepped out of a suana.  The muscles in this body
rippled, he moved like a leopard toward the bed.

     "God  that  was  good, think he's fallen in love with me!" said Julio,
swaggering the big cock, still profusely hard.

     Gordon  turned,  his  eyes  hung  there  for  a  moment, following the
athletic  outline of Julio's frame, the contours, rippling all the way down
his torso, the curves, full and muscled.  Then his eyes stopped at the huge
cock.   At  first he couldn't believe the size of it, then something struck
him,  Karl..."God  he must be sore, having that huge tube up his ass for an
hour,"  he  thought,  then  sensed  something more.  This hunk of man could
persuade any guy who liked getting fucked, to do anything he wanted them to
do.   It  was  just  a  fleeting  fantasy, a flicker of a notion, yet for a
moment, he wondered what it was like!

     "I  think  you  better  convince Mr.  Vale that we mean business, okay
Julio,"  said Fredrico, stepping back suddenly, the moving from the bedroom
to the adjoining room where Karl lay, almost completely drained.

     His  ears  heard  the  groans,  the  pain of the penetration, they all
screamed,  they  defied  Julio,  but in the end, they all wanted him again,
that was reality.

     "Guess  you  really  enjoyed  that  fucking  Mr.   Pretty  boy,"  said
Fredrico,  bending down, laying his hand on Karl's shoulder.  "Just want to
let  you  know,  this  is your last week in town," he said menacingly.  "If
this   doesn't   convince   you,   that  I'm  the  new  boss  around  here,
Well...then---next time we won't be so lenient," he said, snatching Karl up
from the floor like a ragdoll, wrenching him face down on the bed.

     "Now it's my turn, you got a real nice ass, nice and firm, tight, real
pretty!   said Fredrico, whipping out his hard cock, then he moved to shove
it all the way up his ass.  Karl had given up fighting, he just laid there,
took  the  pounding,  felt  the  hot  cum shoot inside him, then the sudden
detachment.

     The  men  were  gone,  almost  as  suddenly as they had appeared, Karl
walked  back  to  the  bedroom, saw Gordon lying face down, his body soaked
with  sweat, and knew he'd been raped as well.  He lay down beside him, the
silence was unbearable, the weeping truly emotional.  Karl tried to console
him,  but  he  pulled  away,  his  face  buried in the pillow, his thoughts
tortured  at  the  prospect  of  what  tomorrow would bring.  Karl lay down
beside  him,  put  his  hand  on his skin, felt the nerves jumping like ten
thousand frogs inside him.

     "It's  over,  It's over, they're gone, I know this is terrible, but we
have  to go on!" said Karl, his words were little comfort now, when all the
world  was  crumbling  around  them.   All he could do, was try to convince
Gordon that love would see them through this tragic moment.

     The  forces  that  had  unleashed themselves upon Karl and Gordon were
about  to  confront  another pair, who had suddenly become wildly attached.
Gene  Dauville  and  Gregory Pratz.  The not- so-quiet seduction had a more
provocative  tone, Pratz had charmed the young man, used his weapon, played
that tool in him until he was magnetized, fused, manipulative, fallen under
the spell of that big cock.

     It was this moment of secure thoughts, of plunder, of notions that his
swaggering  organ  had  become the victor, now he would tend eagerly to the
spoils.   Gregory  Pratz  had  wielded that monstrous piece of flesh like a
sword ever since he discovered the proportions were always greater than his
peers.   All the way from grade school to the present, the boys wondered at
the  size  and  circumference.  Were always fascinated how they could never
quite get there fingers around the girth of that huge cock.  Then there was
those  lucky boys who found it up their asses, always begging for more.  He
learned  how  to use it, not just to engage in anal sex, but to weave magic
with  it,  like a snake charmer.  There were men that had never been fucked
before,  who  fell  under  his spell, after just one night of that fabulous
massage up their butts.

     Gregory  had been known to turn a few heterosexual men out in his day.
There  was  no  mistake, gay or straight, they all had to have it again and
again after just once in the saddle with Gregory Pratz.

     Now he'd nearly spoiled Gene Dauville, the most promising new entry in
the escort business.  Little did Gregory know, that this night was about to
end  his  triumphal  march  through the bedrooms of D.C.  The toppling of a
tyrant, yet  who  was  complaining, the banishment of a King, yet this
time,  he  would be exiled, dethroned, and worse, his own impulsive actions
would  bring  him  to  his  knees.  The 11th hour was at hand, the winds of
change  were  coursing  through that very bedroom, yet Gregory had not felt
the coldness, the desolation that would soon follow.

     The  high-pitched  moans,  the  guttural  sighs,  the  dirty talk, the
foreplay,  all  driving Gene into a frenzied pitch of sexual upheaval.  His
creamy  body,  sleek  and  smooth,  writhing  beneath  the forceful thighs,
riveting him to the bed all a recipe for a night of hellious lovemaking.

     Gregory  pinned  him to the mattress, squeezed at his firm, voluptuous
buns,  spread  them  apart  eagerly,  forced  the  huge cock into the small
opening.   It  had  since been stretched proportionately to accommodate the
swollen  ten  inches.   It was the thickness that tore into the baby-tender
asshole,  ushering  a  crescendo  of  cries from Gene.  He begged, pleaded,
banged  at  the big dick, rolled and heaved his body to receive every inch.
His  legs  scissored around Gregory, pulling him deeper like a professional
wrestler.   Gene's  mind  quickly recalled that night under the stars, then
imagined the wind in his face and the big dick up his ass, it was heaven.

     The  noise  had  burgeoned, snuffed out the sounds of the two dark men
entering  the apartment.  Bridled in such a frenzied pitch of feverish sex,
not even an atomic blast could have separated them.

     "Make  sure  you get the drug into the bastard quick, he's agile as an
Anaconda, he'll get you if you miss," said Fredrico, passing the syringe to
Julio.  The plan was to drug the congressman, work the boy over, then leave
them together, let the press get hold of it.  Someone had to be sacrificed,
made  to  look  bad,  Fredrico had chosen Pratz.  He had a deep and vicious
hate  for the man, whatever it was, he couldn't explain it, yet he'd chosen
him because of that hate.

     Julio was like a cat in the night, he crept up to the bed, silent as a
leopard,  raised  the syringe, then brought it down quickly in Pratz's bare
ass.   He  backed  into  the  shadows,  unseen, waited for the drug to take
affect.

     Pratz  was  stunned,  he  whirled around in pain to see what had stuck
him,  slowly  his  body  seemed to wind down like a battery driven toy.  He
rubbed at the stab mark, confused, disoriented, he finally crumpled next to
Gene.   It seemed like an eternity, Julio waiting in the dark, slipping off
his  clothes.   This was the part of the job he loved best.  He got to fuck
those  $1000 boys, pump their asses like common street whores.  It made him
feel  strong,  like  a powerful dictator.  His cock too, had power, he knew
that, and when he wielded it, the boys became docile.

     He  licked  his  lips,  his  eyes  grew  with heated passion, his cock
swelled  to  immense  proportions.   It  was  this  wild  anticipation, the
incredulous  high,  the quickened pulse, the madly beating heart.  His body
raged  like  a  man  on  fire,  the excitement caused him to shudder with a
thrill everytime, threatening to consume him.

     He watched Gene, his dark hair, his lustrous body, shimmering there in
the dim light, his hand shaking Gregory.

     "Wake  up,  what  the  hell is the matter with you?" "Are you sick, is
there  something  wrong?" he pleaded, but his urging went unanswered, there
was  no  way  to  revive Pratz, not at the moment anyway.  He'd wake later,
still full of drugs and needle marks, lying next to him, the obvious result
of a wild sex-party.

     Julio  stepped  out  of  the  shadows,  Sonny's eyes caught the sudden
movement.   "Hey,  what  the hell are you doing in here?" he cried out, his
first reaction, knowing that he had more company.

     "Just  calm  yourself pretty boy, I'm gonna take over now, right where
Mr.   Pratz  left  of,"  he  said, moving menacingly closer.  He was on him
before he could jump up from the bed.

     "Oh!   you  want  to  play rough eh!" that's good...that's good pretty
boy,"  I  like  a boy who puts up a fight," he said, his wet tongue lashing
out, his arms securing Sonny to the bed.  He was overpowered, not match for
Julio, outweighing him by 20 pounds of muscle.

     Julio  pulled  his  arms  to  his side, humped his butt up in the air,
kneeled  behind him, then fucked him doggie fashion.  He was slow at first,
adjusting  to  Gene's  tight  ass,  it  would  soon  be  stretched  to  new
dimensions.   Gene thrashed about, trying to hold his legs taught, keep the
big cock from driving deeper inside him.  That was futility in any sense of
the  word.  Once it had passed the half-way mark, his struggling fell limp,
his  body  seemed  to reverse, almost as if he was about to enjoy something
bigger than Pratz.

     Julio  could  feel  the  action,  the  sudden  change  of  heart,  the
reluctance  now  reversed polls, from minus to plus, the electricity flowed
through  Gene's  body  like  a  surge of high- voltage power, suddenly sent
surging through a power line.

     "Hmmmmmmmmmmmm...ohhhhhhh...hmmmmmmmmmm....uhhhhhhhh---Gene   groaned,
the  immense torture turned to pleasure.  His mumblings sounded like a man,
his  mouth  full of a delicious dessert, unable to express the delight, the
intense pleasure, the excellence of the ecstatic feeling racing through his
body.

     "You  like  that  big dick up there, you like it real good, don't' you
pretty  boy,"  whispered Julio He pulled his head back, sucking at his ear,
manipulated  Gene's  body,  pulling up on his thighs, pressing ever deeper,
forcing air out his lungs as he gasped, heaved at the thick cock filling up
his rectum.

     Gene  clawed  at  the  sheets, there wasn't a moment to feel any guilt
now,  the pleasure was driving him crazy.  He turned his head, as if to beg
for  kisses,  the  eager  mouth  closed  in,  willing  to  accommodate  his
eroticism.   It was turbulent, like a massive river, whipping up huge waves
as it tore away everything in its wake.  That was Gene, heaving and bucking
at pulsation in his ass.  There was no way to stop this intrusion, no human
way to stop the flood, he basked in it rather than fight it now.

     Wave  after  wave  of  hot sensation flooded Gene's body, he seemed to
melt,  to  fuse himself to Julio.  Who wouldn't that sweltering latin body,
smooth and hot as a pepper, seething with sexuality, was taking him on hot,
fiery wings to paradise.

     "Oh  jesus  man...oh  god!   you  fuck real good, yeah...you fuck real
good..ohhhhhhhhh...ummmmmh!!!!"  Gene  spit  out the words, like vomit, yet
they  were  clean,  uncensored,  ripe as peaches, pure as silk, he couldn't
help  himself.   There  was  something about any man, who fucked this good,
didn't  matter  what  he looked like, just as long as knew how to move that
big  cock  inside  his ass without tearing him up.  Julio had all the right
moves,  no  jabs,  no  sudden  lunges.   He  was  something  like  a master
violinist,  using  that  meat  like  a wand, every angle was pure artistry,
engaging deeper sexual response like a masterful probe.

     "Pump it in me...shoot your hot load in me...I want my ass full of hot
cum now!" squealed Gene, his fingers tore into Julio's thighs, digging into
his skin, his ass was hot and wet, slapping against his flesh.

     "Yeah...yeah...that's     it...oh     yeah...it's    cumming!     it's
cumming...ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...fuck..me!             ummmmmmmmmmm..fuck
meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!   Gene  screamed, his voice high-pitched and coiled
with emotion.  He bucked and squirmed, as if to drive it to the very limits
of  his  rectum.   It  throttled  his prostrate gland, caused it to excite,
setting of a tremendous surge of cum, shooting in a torrent.  His as filled
up like and empty tube, full of hot cum, it spurted out the anus, unable to
contain the huge mass of fluid.

     "Ok  Julio,  climb  off  now,"  times  up,  don't  want you getting to
familiar with that boy right now," said Fredrico, he held the syringe close
to  Gene's  ass,  Julio flinched, as if he was about to push his hand away.
He  knew  better  however,  this  was part of the game.  His body was still
quivering, like a giant powerhouse, he was suddenly aware of how good Sonny
ass  was.   He  wanted  it again, that very minute.  Something peculiar had
overtaken him, he couldn't explain it.  He'd never had that feeling before,
that unsustained notion, that sudden urge to protect the boy.  His feelings
were  running  rampant,  confused.  Yet one could plainly see, if they read
his  heart, this was the first moment on the road to love, it would not end
there.

     The  newspapers  in  D.C  were running wild, they had the story.  Like
monsters, seized upon it, gobbled it up, spit it out on television, blasted
in on every headline.

     "POWERFUL  CONGRESSMAN  FOUND  IN  LOVENEST  WITH OTHER MAN" The lured
details  were equally damaging, the drugs, the homosexuality was played out
like a fourth of July celebration.  All those politicians, his enemies were
already  dancing on Pratz's grave.  The lynch mob grew, not just out of the
homosexuality,  or the drugs, yet it was power, they were after.  Pratz was
ruined,  dethroned  the  minute his adversaries laid hands on the evidence.
Sure  he'd put up a fight, but it would be humiliating, the tapes, the link
to  drugs,  he  was  a broken man now, crawling away to lick his wounds, to
regather his wits.

     Julio  had  his own plans in mind now, he suddenly caught sight of his
emotions,  untangled his feelings, they led straight to Gene.  He felt like
a  heel,  a  real  assassin,  but  he  couldn't hide those feelings inside,
otherwise  he  might as well explode.  There was nothing else in this world
he wanted but Gene.  He'd always had crushes on fair skinned boys with dark
hair  and blue eyes.  Yet Gene had set his blood on fire, he knew suddenly,
that  it  wasn't  going  to be easy, to make amends.  He rang the doorbell,
stood there feeling a little silly with the red rose and candy, almost like
a  schoolboy.   Was  this  the  same man, the hood from New York City?  The
enforcer, suddenly brought to his knees by a simple act of passion?

     "Yeah,  what  the  hell  do  you  want here?" don't you think you done
enough  damage  to everyone?" said Gene angrily, his anger surged, his eyes
grew  wild,  his  body  tense,  standing there in nothing but white briefs.
Julio's  body  electrified  at the sight of that naked flesh, that god.  He
would have fallen to his knees if the boy asked him to at that very moment.

     "I  know  you must hate me, I don't blame you, but you gotta listen to
me,"  he  muttered, unable to fully articulate his feelings.  He handed the
flowers to Gene, then the candy, sheepishly.

     "Well!   this  is  certainly not the man who fucked my brains out last
night,"  he  said,  the wild look abating now, a more passive gaze flooding
his clear blues eyes.

     "Can  I  come,  let  me explain...Please!" he begged, stepping forward
cautiously.

     "I  don't  know  what difference it can make now, but come on in, I'll
listen  to  what you've got to say," said Gene, his eyes roving up and down
the sensuous curves, then finally resting at his big crotch.

     They  sat  on  the  couch,  Julio told him everything, spilled out the
works,  putting  his  own  life on the line really impressed Gene.  He knew
that a man making such a confession would surely be in risk of his life.

     "I'm  sorry for you, how the hell did you get mixed up with such awful
people?"  said  Gene,  searching his warm, honey brown eyes.  He could feel
the deep passion in the man.  Something had obviously changed him, like the
sudden passing of season to season.

     "I  think  I'm  in love with you," said Julio suddenly, his eyes fell,
like  two  big honey covered cinnamon rolls.  An expression of his internal
love, his face blushed beneath the warm brown skin.

     Gene  put  his  hand on his leg, felt the intense passion raging under
the surface, like a volcano.  His hand moved nervously to the crotch, felt
the  massive  bulge  growing under the material.  Julio was given immediate
permission  to take control, he moved with the grace of big cat, forged his
arms under Gene's legs, stood up with the boy in his arms.

     "Which way it the bedroom?" he whispered, his voice thick with passion
and  emotion,  eager  anticipation  sent ripples through his body like tiny
explosions.

     He  gently  laid  Gene  on the bed, then quickly shed his clothes, not
taking  his eyes off him for a second.  The locked together in one current,
one  so  hot,  it  might have caused a surge protector to fry at the sudden
voltage.   Julio  tore  the shorts away, lifted him onto his lap, eased him
down  on  the  giant,  thickened  mass,  he  crooned, licked at his lips, a
torrent of sighs flooded the room.  The penetration was the blending of two
bodies, fusing that minute, uniting in as one.

     The  night  had  sent a vale of purple over the room, emersed in sweat
and cum, their bodies were still vibrant and alive.  Only minutes separated
the  intensity  of  another penetration, the almost insatiable appetite for
another foray.

     "I  love  you..I love you like no other person in the world, from that
very  minute  I entered you, I loved you!" whispered Julio, a man deeply in
love,  so  radically  changed,  had  been  lovingly  rewarded  with  mutual
love...the  night  floated  gently by as all the torment subsided, the pain
and agony abated around them.

     Sonny  lay on the bed next to Carlo, thinking about the horror of that
night,  his  fingers  moved  toward the fly, gently unzipping it.  His eyes
held a wild fascination for the big cock that sprang from the opening.  His
eyes  flared  like  a torch, his golden skin flushed, his face closed in on
the  pulsating  flesh.   His  soft  lips wrapped around the thick mass.  He
tounge  licked  at the wet surface, he felt the index finger probing at his
tight  ass, instinctively knew that Carlo didn't want to waist that swollen
mass  on  a  blowjob.  He squirmed his ass, drew the finger deeper until it
surged up his ass.

     Hmmmmmm..oh  yes...finger  bang  me  Carlo,  yes...that's  it shove it
deeper,  he  begged.   His  mouth  fully covered the big cock how, his body
flared  hot.  The sensation of sucking cock and the finger up his ass drove
him  to near madness.  He suddenly withdrew his mouth, turned his body like
a  ship  on the ocean, aimed his firm buttocks, dertermined to take the big
shaft  all the way to the poke.  In the next few moments Carlo was punching
at  that  fresh,  hot ass with a momentus fury.  He'd thought that this was
it,  that he'd never see Sonny again, but there he was, making the hottest,
passionate love to this blond adonis.

     God!  how he loved that body, the contours, the narrow waist, the firm
and  fleshy  buns,  always  looked shiny and fresh.  The way the golden tan
gave  way  to  the  white  softness of the cheeks drove him to madness.  He
loved  to  watch  his  darker shaft drive in and out of the moist hot anus,
sent  his  blood  to  near  the  boiling point.  Sonny cried out, his voice
always  vocal  at  the  moment  of  ejaculation, the flood, torrent, spewed
inside him, and for the moment love was safe.

     The  big  jet lifted off the runway, slipped off into the night, not a
soul noticed Gordon Vale with his lover Karl, leaving the city for good.

     "You  know  babe, I always wanted to go back to Hollywood, didn't want
to tell you," said Karl, smiling, his hand gently touching Gordon's.  Maybe
it's  all  for  the good, who knows, we can start a new life in California,
I've  got  plenty of money stashed, we don't need this godamn place anymore
do we?" he nudged at the solemn man.

     Gordon  never  answered  him, just lazily stared out the window at his
life  receding  in  the dimming lights of Washington D.C.  Wondering how it
all  happened,  how  his  life had suddenly changed.  Now he had no choice,
fate  had made up his mine for him, He would stay with Karl for the rest of
his  life,  free now to adjust to the life perhaps he'd always wanted.  The
jet  disappeared  into  the  night,  carrying them to safety in California.
Life  in D.C would go on just as it always had, the powerplay, the sex, the
scandals, and of course...the escort service.  The End
 
by Mark M.  Forston copyright @-1989
