                                CALL GUY


I was extremely excited. I had finally got an appointment with Leonard
Jenkins (one of the richest businessmen in the nation). I went through
years of college and at only 25 I was already headed for the big time.
Some called me a financial wizkid but I never thought so until my boss
told me that the executives of the company wanted to see me. I never
dreamed they would send me up this high on the ladder. Although, I knew
I was going somewhere when the business magazines started doing spreads
on me calling me the "Black Wizkid." I guess it seemed to empress them
even more that I was black and handsome to boot.

Suddenly the secretary openned the door and told me to go in to the main
office. Once I entered the door I was astonished by the size of the
room. It was a huge office that looked like a house. I looked around the
huge room for a while until I heard a voice. "Over here kid." I
immediately noticed the voice was coming from a sauna at the far left
corner of the room where I saw Mr. Jenkins. I immediately walked over
and pulled up a chair next to the sauna. "I've heard a lot of good
things about you kid."  Mr. Jenkins started,"The papers have gone crazy
over your fast talk and over confidence. I however think that you still
have a lot to learn in this business." All the while he talked I
couldn't help but notice that he kept looking at me funny. "I know Sir."
I replied, "I just think of myself as a person that just has to be
taught the ropes in the industry by someone of your status before I can
become anything." A semi-smile came to his face when I said that but I
didn't know why. "First thing yo have to l earn kid is to loosen up.
Take off your clothes and get into the water." I hesitated for a second
but then I realized that I could ruin this appointment with my business
idol, so I stripped in a hurry and jumped in. "You know kid when I first
looked at you I saw something I saw in myself when I was your age. What
I see is a kid that would do anything to be rich. Is this true?" I
nervously replied,"I guess so." This made his face glow even more.

Mr. Jenkins suddenly got up out of the sauna and walked to his desk
dripping wet with a big hardon. He gestured for me to follow him so I
did likewise trying to keep from being embarressed. When I got to the
desk he showed me a check he had just written out to me for $1,000,000.
Then he turned to me and said,"I'm a man that likes to ask for what I
want and right now I want you! With the acceptance of this check I would
like to hire you as my sex slave for a month. I've wanted to fuck you
for months. Since I'm a man that always asks for what I want I'm asking
for you." I hesitated because I had never had sex with a man but was
curiously horny (plus I loved money). I kindly agreed and took the
check. When I did he immediately went down on my cock like there was no
tomorrow. With one slow motion he swallowed my cock and feverishly
sucked on it. I was amazed at how good it felt. I got so caught up in it
I started holding his head and pumping my dick in and out of his mouth.
Before long I couldn't hold it any longer and came in his mouth. I was
surprised to see him swallow it all so hungrily. Once I got control of
myself I wanted more and so did he. He got up and pulled some kind of
grease out of his desk and put a lot of it in his but for some reason. I
didn't even care why after he grabbed my hardenning cock and greased it
good. "I want you to fuck me hard!" I was so horny I thrusted my dick in
his ass hard. Mr. Jenkins made a load noise showing it hurt but now I
didn't care. I pounded his ass fast and hard. For me it felt great but
for him it was obviously pain and pleasure due to the size of my dick.
The sight of his dick in front of me just bouncing made me fuck harder
and faster. Every hit made him moan out real loud till suddenly his dick
erupted like a volcano. Cum shot all over his stomach and chest but I
kept fucking. After I kept fucking what now seemed a dead body I came in
his butt what seemed a gallon. Since he seemed to exhausted to move I
just got pulled out, took my check and left him nude on his desk with
cum all over him.

On my way home I drove by a hooker on the corner near my house and came
up with a great idea. I could combine the two things I love most: Money
and sex. I could go to all these big business types and work like a call
girl. The very next day I started on my conquest. I went back to Mr.
Jenkins office and gave him what he wanted then he gave me the names of
others in the business he knew liked men (I didn't tell him what I was
going to do but asked like I was just curious).

The next day was a Wednesday and I had made several calls to a Mr.
Goerge Bell. He was a 42 year old entrepenuer with an estate valued at
around $300 million. Mr. Jenkins got me the appointment by telling him
what a good business man I was. When I first drove up to the huge
mansion I was astonished by the great beauty. After the gaurds let me in
I went to the front door where I was greeted by his wife. She was a very
beautiful lady that was a famous model aswell. "Hello, I'm so very glad
to meet you Mr. Banner. I'm sorry I can't stay and talk longer but I
have a previous engagement. However, my husband is right upstairs
waiting for you in the office at the end of the hall." I smiled,
greeting her in return and headed off for the office. Once I got to the
end of the hall I came to an open door where he sat filling out papers.
"Mr. Bell? Hi, I'm Phil Banner of Intelico Inc." He rose up with a smile
and heartily greated me. "Do you want anything to dr ink?" I replied no
kindly and sat down putting my briefcase in my lap. I quickly surveyed
the room and planned a strategy. "Excuse me sir," I said gesturing
toward the bathroom. "Could I use your bathroom?" He smiled and said yes
to which I got up and headed toward. It was a small cubical about five
to ten feet from his desk where I knew he could see me when I left the
door open and pulled out my dick to piss. I could see out of the corner
of my eye that he had turned around just to see me as I dropped my pants
to the floor. Wh ile I pissed I turned to see him staring at me with a
big bulge in his pants. "Do you get hard like this every time you see a
guy's dick?" I said loudly making him embarrassed. He didn't say
anything so I just finished up in the bathroom took off my pants and
shoes and walked over to his desk with my dick pointing to his face.
"Jenkins told me about your afternoon kid." he remarked to my surprise.
"I know that you are his slave but I'll give you $100 plus a contract
with your company if you suck my dick." No more w ords needed to be
said. I unzipped his pants, pulled them down and then his shorts. His
dick was hard and thick but about 6 inches long. I grabbed his nuts with
my hands and quickly went down on his dick. I licked it from the base to
the tip in circular motions then teased the tip with my tongue. Then
suddenly I swallowed his dick and sucked good and hard. It must have
been good for him because he gripped his chair tight and curled his toes
in his shoes to r estrain himself. It took a very short time for him to
cum. I loved it though, wildly trying to suck out every drop then
licking his dick over and over.

When I was through he picked up the intercom and called his excercise
instructor to come to his office. I was puzzled as to what he was doing
but he explained, "I'll pay to $1,000 to fuck him while I watch." Once
he finished a tall, muscular black man walked in. "Strip James!" Bell
yelled out. "James hear can give me some of the best pain thier is but
I'd love to see another black guy give his butt a beating." James
immediately got on his hands and knees before me. I could see that his
dick was about 10" like mine but not thick (like mine). I walked over to
my suitcase and quickly pulled out some KY jelly and smeared it over my
dick and in his butt. I thin got right behind him and shoved my dick
into his awaiting hole. He screamed in pain (to Mr. Bell's delight) but
I wanted him to feel this. I shoved all ten inches in then pulled them
out over and over again. His crack was getting so red it looked like an
apple but I kept fucking. This monstrous man was being worn out easily.
I couldn't take much more though but I wanted him to cum first so I
tried to bang his prostate as much as possible. It was to no avail. I
erupted in his ass all that was humanly possible as James strained every
muscle to contain himself but he suddenly started spurting cum all over
the place. He suddenly dropped to the floor and turned over towards me.
"I've never been fucked that good before." he said while breathing
heavy. Mr. Bell jumped out of his chair and clapped for m e as I rose to
my feet. "That was magnificent!" he yelled handing me my clothes.
"There'll be a bonus $500 for bringing James to the floor."

A few minutes later I found myself in my car counting up $1,500 and
holding a contract from Mr. Bell for my firm. When I put it in my pocket
I got a call on my cellular phone in the car. It was Mr. Bell. "I'd like
to have you on the payroll as entertainment costs if you could go to see
some of my board directors also." I thought about it for a second and
calmly said, "Okay, I'll work them into my schedule." I then hung up and
drove off.

That very next week I got paid top dollar for having an orgy with three
of his top executives while he watched. It was great though. I was a top
business advisor, the company's best worker, and the best paid male
prostitute in the country. The next week I bought a cherry red Ferrari
with the license plate simply stated: "CALLGUY".
