Archive-name: First/campx1.txt
Archive-author: Storyteller
Archive-title: Experience at Camp, An


It was my first time away at camp, and being 16 at the time, was a little
old to be homesick. None the less, I wished I was home! I didn't make
friends easily and all that 'arts and crafts' crap was getting stale!
It was a co-ed camp, but the girls were kept pretty much seperate from
us. They had their cabins across the lake from us and we only saw the 
female campers during the day. Ocassionally, a couple would arrange to
meet half way around the lake, but either the girl or the boy would be
missed during bed check and be found out.

One of the daily activities we had with the female campers was horseback
riding. That was the only redeeming feature of camp for me. It was a
Thursday, and I had just come back to the stable from riding. Most other
riders were either still out, or were grooming their horse. At camp, you
shared a horse with a number of other campers and Thursday was my day to
do the grooming. As I was grooming my horse, a heard a noise behind me
and turned around. A girl with long blonde hair came up and started to
pat Chestnut's neck. "He's a nice looking horse, isn't he?", she asked.
I replied that he was, and that horseback riding was the only good thing
at camp. She replied that she felt the same way. "I wish he was mine", 
she said. "Why do you say that", I replied, wondering why she didn't
feel the same way about her horse. A gleam twinkled in her eye as she
told me that it was because my horse "was so well hung"! I didn't know
what to say! Talk about embarassment!

I stammered some (being shy) and am sure that I turned red. Cathy kept
rubbing the horse while she looked at me. Her hand was gliding along
the side of the horse and she turned and looked at Chestnut's "equipment",
which was hanging pretty long. 

Figuring that I had nothing to loose, I stammered, "He is pretty well, ah,
hung, isn't he"? I guess that you can call a horse "hung", you know,
"Hung like a horse". Cathy said, "I wonder if you are as hung as your horse"?
Now I really didn't know what to say. Gathering some courage, I suggested
that she would have to compare us sometime. "How about tonight?" was her
reply. Not being able to think up a good reason not to, I agreeed. I guess
that since I didn't like camp that much, if I got into trouble for sneaking
out at night, at least I would have a good story to tell, back home.

We agreed to meet that night at one am at the stable. It was pretty close
to both sides of the lake and a somewhat central point. I had no end of
trouble making it through the day. Just thinking about my first time with
a girl and whether I would be nervous and make a fool of myself. It was
also hard to keep from getting aroused! I kept having to turn away from
people to hide the bulge in my jeans.

Finally, it was time to leave. I snuck out of the cabin and made my way
to the stables. I waited for Cathy to show, and more than once decided
that she had made a fool of me and was laughing to her friends about the
guy waiting in vein!

All of a sudden, I turned and she was there! "Your time has come", she
wispered.

I could hear a few horses snorting in the background, but other than that,
all was quiet. Cathy took me by the hand and we walked down to Chestnut's
stall. He was awake and moving around. Cathy and I talked about horses
and how the males were really hung. She told me about how the males would
mount the female and have sex. She told me that it excited her, no end.

I was pretty excited also. My eyes were getting accustomed to the darkness,
and I could see her rubbing her crotch as she watched the horse. Later,
we laid down in the pile of hay and began kissing. Cathy's long hair
glistened in the moonlight. I began carressing her shoulders and she
started running her hands up and down on my back. We soon were undressing
and I was getting pretty anxious at this point. My heart was beating so
hard, that I thought that it would explode!

My hands shook as I un-buttoned her blouse. She had pulled my shirt up
out of my pants and was running her hand over my stomach. She then opened
up my shirt. It was kind of ackward as we both fumbled with each others
clothes. I tried not to move too fast, because I was afraid that she
would get turned off. I didn't realize how wrong I was.

Soon it came time for me to take her pants off. I un-buttoned her pants
and slowly pulled the zipper down. We were kissing at the time and she
had her tounge in my mouth. My first French Kiss! All Right!!

We both had our tops off and I slowly massaged her breasts. They were
quite soft, with very pointed nipples. Her fingernails were lightly
scratching my chest. I was in ecstacy! I couldn't wait to get down to
business!

We stopped kissing, I removed Cathy's pants and slowly pulled down her
panties. So that is what it looks like! Beautiful! The soft moonlight
glistened on her legs. Her cunt hairs were soft and fine. They looked
like silk. She had been wispering things in my ear, the whole time we
were undressing each other. "Are you hung?", "Are you hung like a 
horse?", "I want to feel your cock inside me!", "I want you to ride
me to ecstacy!". 

I started to finger her cunt, but she whispered that she wanted to see
me naked. I started to loosen my belt, but her hand stopped me. She
took off my belt and started un-doing the buttons on my jeans. My dick
was straining to get out of those pants. She kept rubbing my crotch as
she un-did more buttons. When the last one was open, she reached her hand
into my pants. It took her a minute or two to figure out how jockey shorts
work, but finally found my dick. She caressed it for a moment, then ran her
hand along its length, stopping to give it a squeeze every once in a while.

Cathy finally released it from the shorts and pulled them down. She was
still rubbing it and whispered in my ear that it was the longest that
she had ever seen. That made me feel good, because, I wasn't sure how I
stacked up against other guys.

Cathy got a clean horse blanket and draped it over the side of the pile
of hay. We laid down and she started stroking my dick. We kissed and
I moved my hands over her soft back. She was lying on top of me and
her breasts were rubbing on my chest. I felt like I was going to explode!
We rolled around for quite a while, fondling and rubbing each other.

Unexpectedly, she kneeled and put her head by my crotch. Opening her
mouth, she lowered her head and guided my dick into her warm mouth.
She started sucking on me. My hands surrounded her head, her soft
hair was tantilizing. I don't know if my hands were guiding her head
as it started going up and down, or if I was more of a spectator, but
she was sucking and sucking on my swollen dick and my hands were rubbing
the back of hair. Up and down she went, sucking and pulling on it. I
was wanting to shoot, but she suddenly she stopped. "It's your turn",
she said as she laid back on the blanket. 

I moved my head over to her pussy. My mouth closed in and my tounge
slowly entered her slit. She was wet. Her juices were flowing and she 
was wet inside. I curled my tounge and stuck it in as far as I could,
flicking it against anything I could find. I sucked and gulped as I
pushed my face further in. Cathy started to wiggle around and it was
hard to keep my tounge moving. Just as I was starting to really get into
it, she said "Put your cock in me", "I want your long cock in me"!

I took my tounge out of her and licked my hand. This mixture of her pussy
juices and my saliva were rubbed on my dick before I climbed onto her.
My dick was the longest I can ever remember it. "Put it in me, put it ALL 
into me", she whispered. I guided it to the slit and slowly started pushing 
it in. She was really warm and was starting to moan. Her eyes were closed
but I could see that her eyes were moving beneath the lids. I pushed my
dick into her as far as I could while she kept moaning for me to put it
all into her. I started to move my hips up and down, up and down. We
kissed again, long kisses, our tounges sliding against each other as
we sucked at each others mouths.

I kept lifting my pelvis and thrusting my dick into her as far as I could.
Up and down, up and down I went. "Hey Stud, ride me!" She wimpered. "Ride
me". A thought flashed through my mind. I withdrew and rolled off of her.
"I need to take a break", I said. She opened her eyes and looked into my
face. "You really like horses, don't you?" I asked her. "I have a thing
about them, if that is what you mean", she said with a twinkle in her
eye. I looked into her face for a minute or two and then stood up. She
started rubbing her pussy with her hand. "Where are you going?" she asked.
"I'll be right back", I told her, as I walked over to the stall.

I got Chestnut's saddle, the horse blanket and a set of reins that were
hanging on the hook and took them back to the where cathy was lying.
A smile started to curl on her mouth. I layed the saddle next to me, 
draped the blanket over us and hung the reins over my shoulders. The
blanket itched somewhat, but at that point, I didn't care. I fondled
her pussy and my dick got hard again. As I entered her again, she
started playing with the saddle, rubbing it. I started humping her 
again and we kissed some more. I pushed in and out, faster and faster.

Cathy was fondling the saddle with one hand and had her other hand on
my pubic hair. Occasionally she would slide her fingers along my dick
as it slid in and out of her. She was moaning louder now and I was
afraid that someone would catch us here. A few of the horses were 
getting edgy and started to snort and move around. That seemed to make
Cathy even more excited! She was Frenching away with a passion, moaning
and bucking.

Her free hand was now moving between the saddle and the reins over my
shoulder, and I could feel a tingling inside my dick. I was getting ready
to cumm and I could feel Cathy's pussy squeezing my cock as it slid
in and out. Her eyes were closed and she was really getting in to it.
"Fuck me with your horse dick", "Touch me with your nuts", she was saying.
Her hands were now at my back, her nails scatching me back, faster and
faster!

The horses were now snorting louder as we fucked faster and faster. Cathy
was in another world. I could tell. I was getting ready to cumm. I could
feel it starting to cumm as I pushed into her pussy. Her hands were moving
to my ass and she was scratching it with her nails. I could feel goose
bumps all over my body and her body was starting to shake. She was moving
with me, we were becoming one person, moving to the sounds of lovemaking.
I was ready to cumm. "I'm cumming, I'm cumming". "Give it to me", "Shoot
your sperm in me, Stud!", "Let me feel it!"

I came in a great wave. I could feel it enter her in big shots. Her mouth
found mine again and we kissed and licked for quite a while, moving our
bodies in time with each other. My heart was pounding, or was it hers?
We collapsed in each others arms, her breasts, pressed against my chest.

I left that stable a man! I know that she may have had something else on
her mind while we made love, I will never forget that experience! I was
no longer a virgin and had gained a confidence around women that I thought
that I would never have had. We almost became one during that encounter!
She wanted a stud and for her, I became one! We each have our little
fantasies and I helped her with hers. I was her well hung horse for the
night. What she didn't realize, was that for that night, she was my
little Filley!


Good Night.

The Storyteller

--
