
                               THE CAMPING TRIP

     Jeane lay very still.  She knew she was seeing something she wasn't
supposed to see.  A dim light was on in the other end of the darkened camper.
She could see Mr. and Mrs. Harrison lying side by side on the double bed.
Nancy and Josh were kissing. They were lying on top of the cover, with their
feet towards where Jeane lay in the sofa bed.  Next to her was Alex, the
Harrison's retarded son.  Jeane could see that the two adults were dressed for
bed, and they were just lying there together with their arms around each other
kissing.

     Jeane couldn't believe that she was here.  She had been dying to have a
real good vacation and two weeks ago, Mrs. Harrison had called her mother and
asked if Jeane would like to go on vacation with them to sort of baby-sit
Alex.  Alex, who was fifteen, was mildly retarded and could be a real handful
sometimes.  The Harrison's had told her that he had the mental capacity of a
six year old.  Since Jeane had always like little children Alex was sort of
appealing and had never been bothered by him.  The Harrison's had opted to
keep Alex home rather than institutionalize him and it was real stressful.
Her mother had agreed and they had stopped in the middle of the night to pick
her up at her house.  They were going to drive during the night so that they
would be at the camping park before morning.

     Alex had been sacked out on sofa in the middle of the travel vehicle when
she got on board.  He had waked up and they had talked and giggled for a while
before going to sleep.  She liked Alex even though she knew of no one else who
would tolerate his occasional outbursts, except the Harrison's.  They had just
fallen asleep in their clothes there on the sofa bed together. Jeane was on
the right side of the bed, towards the back of the vehicle and Alex was
snoring next to her.  "Too cozy," you say? Hardy.  She had been told by the
Harrison's that not only was Alex mentally six, but he was "very immature,
both physically and mentally," in other ways, too.  She wasn't sure what that
meant, but she gathered that letting her "sleep" with Alex wasn't a "risk."
Well, at thirteen, she wasn't much of a "risk" either, but lately boys had
taken on a whole new dimension to her.

     Jeane had half-wakened when she felt the big camper bumping over rough
terrain.  Shortly after this she had been vaguely aware of the Harrisons
moving past where they slept to the back of the trailer, and realized that
they must have reached their destination.  She had just about dozed back off
when she heard Nancy giggle.  She had peeked to see what was going on and
discovered that they were smooching.  Nancy had on a short gown and Josh had
on pajamas.  Now as she watched, she saw Josh sliding his hands all over
Nancy's big tits, and then she saw him pull the strap of her gown down and
take hold of her bare tit. As she watched, she saw him lower his head to her
breast.  With his head in the way, she couldn't be too sure, but she had the
impression that he was kissing her tits.  Josh slid down on the bed a little,
and, as he moved, his crotch came into Jeane's view.  She almost gasped aloud
at what she saw.  His pajama pants were bulging!  From the way his pants were
sticking out, she knew he had an "erection" as the books on sex called it.
Then she saw him slide his hand up between Nancy's legs, pulling her gown up
as he did so.  When he reached her crotch, she opened her legs and Jeane saw
him slide his finger right up inside of her pussy! From the angle she had, she
could actually see his finger disappear through the brown hair and go up her
slit.  She saw Nancy reach down and slide her hand inside the waist of Josh's
pajama pants.  From the way Nancy's hand was moving back and forth, Jeane knew
that Nancy was stroking Josh's penis.  She held her breath as she watched.

     After several minutes, she saw Josh raise up and slide over on top of her
aunt.  She saw Nancy pushing his pajamas down, and she almost gasped when his
butt came into view.  She had never seen a man's butt, and she was very
excited at getting to view this one.  She realized that she was "sexually
aroused" as the books called it.  She knew her virgin 13 year old pussy was
wet with juice.  She had played with her pussy a few times and knew the
excited feeling.

     She saw Nancy pull her legs up, her knees sticking up on each side of
Josh's thighs.  She knew that they were about to have sex, or "fuck" as some
of her more experienced friends at school called it.

     Jeane saw Josh's buttocks tighten as he pushed against his wife, and she
realized that he must have just put his penis inside of her vagina.  Jeane
almost giggled out loud.  She was thinking in the terms which she had seen in
the books.  Her friend, Jill, would have said that he just stuck his dick in
her pussy.  As she watched, she saw his buttocks tighten and relax as he
thrust into his wife and then withdrew.  Jeane lay very still and watched his
butt, looking at the way the muscles tightened and relaxed as he repeatedly
thrust and withdrew, thrust and withdrew.  Josh was doing it faster now.  His
buttocks were clenching and relaxing at a much faster rate.  She could hear
Nancy sort of moaning and groaning in time with Josh's thrusts. It sounded
like she was really enjoying what she was getting. Jeane saw Nancy's hands
slide down over Josh's ass.  Nancy had hold of his checks, pulling and
pushing, encouraging him in his thrusts.  Suddenly, she saw Nancy's legs jerk
upward and heard her begin to kind of moan and cry.  She saw Josh shove
forward hard and hold tight up against her.  His buttocks were clenched
tightly and she could hear him gasping and groaning.  She realized that they
must be "climaxing" and that his organ must be shooting his stuff up inside of
her.

     After a few moments, they lay still.  Jeane was hoping that he would
raise up and that she would see his dick when he pulled it out of her, but he
got up and pulled his pajamas up before she could see anything.  He then went
off to the bathroom leaving Nancy still spread-eagled on the bed.  Jeane
drifted off to sleep.

     Jeane was awakened by a hand shaking her shoulder.

     "Jeane, rise and shine," she heard Nancy's voice.  Sleepily, Jeane rolled
over onto her back.  She had been having the most wonderful dream.  She had
been watching Josh's bare butt, thrusting and pushing.  But it had been her he
was thrusting and pushing into!

     Looking around, she saw that Alex was sitting up beside her, rubbing his
eyes.  Nancy laughed at them.

     "You guys got a lot more sleep than we did last night, and we're having
to wake you up," she laughed at them.  "Come on, I've got breakfast ready."
She motioned toward the front of the vehicle, and Jeane saw that the
booth-like table was set with pancakes.  Josh was putting forks on the table.
The kids didn't need any more encouragement.  They scrambled off the bed and
headed for the table.

     After breakfast, they all went out together to look around the camp
ground.  They were parked in a wooded section near a river.  There was only
one other vehicle in that section of the park, a big conversion van, parked
three campsites away.  There was a small building next to the conversion van
which Jeane guessed was some sort of bath house.  Their campsite was all the
way on the end of the row, and it had a picnic table and a campfire circle.

     They walked down the road past the conversion van and when they rounded a
curve in the drive, Jeane saw a swimming pool ahead.  Beyond the swimming
pool, there were more campsites, and what looked like a lodge.  They walked on
down to the swimming pool, and discovered that there was a concession stand
alongside it.   The kids went around to inspect the pool while Josh and Nancy
walked on down to the lodge.

     As they departed, Nancy told her that Alex could swim in his jams, but
she had to take Alex into the ladies side while she changed as Alex should not
be left alone.  "I hope no one else is in there," she laughed as they
continued on their way.

     Jeane was relieved as she had never seen Alex naked, or any male outside
of babies she had babysat and a few wrinkled pictures her friends had shown
her once.  She had once walked in on her parents as they were watching an
"adult" video.  She still kicked herself for being so absorbed in the TV that
she had not really noticed what they had been doing on the sofa.  Were they
ever embarrassed.  But she was younger then.  Only recently had that incident
returned to her imagination and with vengeance. Actually, now that she thought
of it it might have been fun to "dress" Alex, maybe some other time.  The
thought of that excited her, until she remembered Nancy's "immature" speech.
Well, she would find out herself.

     The ladies dressing room was empty, thank goodness.  She told Alex to
face the other way as she undressed.  Jeane had always like to undress
sensually, even before she had even heard of the word.  Her mother had raised
her to admire and respect her own body and she had often told her how nice it
was and how much better it was going to be.  Even now, some nights when she
had trouble sleeping her mother would come to her room and give her a massage
to help her sleep.  Those nearly full-body massages were wonderful and tingly,
especially when she traced her budding breasts and nipples and around her
genitals.  Her mother would sort of go into a trance when she did that, but
Jeane loved it. Once her mother said, "Someday a nice young man is going come
along and do this to you and you will see why being a woman is so great."  She
was beginning to get the idea already.

     Anyway, she obviously had taken too long as when she was finally ready to
slip on her bathing suit she noticed that Alex had turned around and was
facing her.  His face was expressionless.  He said nothing.  But then a great
big smile came to his lips.  "I like you, Jeane," he said.

     Quickly, she finished dressing and told Alex to hold still while she took
his shirt and shoes.  He stood stock still.

     They spent about an hour playing around alone in the pool. Jeane was
afraid Alex would be a pain, but he turned out to be really fun.  They could
play tag and all sorts of games as well as just paddle around.  At one time
during their game of tag he got a little rough and insisted on hugging her,
but she just held his face and looked straight at him and told him to stop.
Actually, she wouldn't have minded it except she was getting excited by all of
the body contact and was embarrassed that someone would see them.

     Nancy and Josh returned then.  Josh offered to take Alex back, as Nancy
wanted to take a shower.  She said Jeane could join her.  That sounded rather
interesting as she enjoyed being with naked women, at least her mother and her
friends.  She had taken many showers and baths with her mother, which she
encouraged.  They could talk woman-talk, she said.

     They quickly undressed and went into the shower area.  It was one big
area, and was not divided into stalls.  Jeane turned on the shower and began
soaping herself.  Nancy was a tall, elegant woman, that men would call
well-built.  Her breasts were fairly large and firm, jutting out proudly from
her chest.  Her stomach was slightly rounded, and her hips curved pleasantly
down to lovely long slim legs.  Jeane was much shorter and slim, tiny compared
to Nancy.  Her budding breasts were much smaller, being about the size of
tennis ball-halves and her nipples were pink and delicate.  She had a flat
stomach and the hip curves were just beginning to show.  She also had lovely
long legs.

     As Jeane lathered herself, she glanced at Nancy and saw that she was
facing directly toward her and was washing her pussy, her legs slightly apart,
giving her a look directly between her legs. Then she turned around and
dropped her soap on the floor and bent over to pick it up, with her ass
pointing straight toward Jeane. When Nancy straightened up, Jeane saw her
glance towards her. Well, how about that, Nancy knew she was being watched and
she was showing off.  For several minutes, the two females continued to wash
themselves and cautiously display themselves to each other.

     Finally, they turned off the water and moved to the dressing area.  Jeane
sat on a bench, with her knees straight towards Nancy and spread her legs,
drying her pussy in full view.  She glanced at Nancy.   Surprisingly, Nancy
looked at her and nodded approvingly.

     "You are going to be a beautiful woman, Jeane," she said. "I pray you
find a man who will also appreciate your beauty and womanness.  You obviously
approve of me, too.  I trust you would approve of my sensuality also, as they
go hand in hand.  Josh and I are out here to try to get something going in our
lives, marriage, that is....Oh, hell, our sex lives.

     "You understand what I mean don't you?"  But before she could say she
didn't, Nancy continued, "Jeane, I think that sexual intercourse is just about
the greatest thing there is.  I could fuck (that term doesn't offend you, does
it?) all day long, but Josh doesn't want to.  I am lucky to beguile him into
doing it once a week.  Once when I was desperate I got him to screw me five
times in three days, but then I got afraid he would not be able to get it up
and then he would really be a problem.  He also has a tendency to skip the
preliminaries and stick it right in. We go through K-Y like mad.  I had an
affair once with this great guy (but he was married and it got messy).  He
knew how to do it. Wow, did her ever," she trailed off.

     "I sure hope you find a caring, sensitive guy like that. Believe me it
ain't the size of the cock that does it, no siree. I also had a sort of an
affair with another lady.  That was nearly as good.  I can see where the
lesbians could be well satisfied.  It is all in the caring and sharing.  Big
macho men with big cocks are a pain and I don't mean physically.  Why our
vaginas can birth a baby with a huge head, so no cock's ever too big."

     "I am sorry, Jeane, I just got carried away.  I just sort of see a kind
heart in you, someone who would listen to my frustrations without blaming or
belittling.  I sure hope you don't mind.  Do you?"

     "Of course, I don't, Mrs. Harrison.  Although..."  "Cut the 'Mrs.
Harrison' crap.  My name is Nancy."

     "You know, I say you and Josh doing it last night?"

     "You did?  Well, that's great, well, no it wasn't, I mean, you didn't see
a great example of screwing, but I am glad you saw us.  It is sort, well,
makes us intimates, doesn't it?  That wasn't one of his worst times, but I was
just as horny after as before.  Did you like watching?"

     "Actually, I did.  What does it feel like, I mean, having someone put
something inside of you?  It sounds gross to me."

     "Well, now, Jeane, if just anyone came along and said, 'Hey, let me put
this pretzel up your twat,' well, I would agree with you.  But when some
gentle, caring guy (or gal, as the case might be) has got you higher than a
kite, it feels like you've died and gone to heaven when he sticks his cock (or
most anything) in you. Believe me, Jeane, it may seem gross, but God sure knew
what She was doing.  And I know God is female, because after men screw it's
all over, but we, women, just keep right on going, if we don't let the
bastards turn us off.  Stick with me, Jeane, and I'll show you."

     At that she got up, still stark naked, and went over to her. She reached
down and gave the young girl a big hug.  Since they were both naked there was
a lot of skin to skin contact, and was it neat.  She lifted her right up
(Nancy was no shrinking violet) and held her off of the ground.  She set her
on the bench and stepped back to look at her at arms length.

     "Yes, Jeane, I could easily become a big, big fan of yours," she said as
she slowly let her gaze drop down and take in my whole body.  Then her soft
delicate hands also took the same trip.  "My, my," she whispered as her hands
gently fondled Jeane's ripening breasts.  Jeane's nipples quickly stood erect
to greet Nancy's touch.  Her warm hands then traced Jeane's youthful contours
to her slim hips.  Then she carefully took Jeane's hands and placed them on
her own ample breasts, encouraging her to play with her nipples as she had
done.

     The tingling sensations were driving Jeane crazy and when Nancy reached
around and enveloped Jeane's small, but firm, buttocks and stretched further
to trace between her legs, she could stand it no more.

     "Nancy, I am going to faint," and she went all wobbly.

     Nancy grabbed her and set her down on the bench.  "I am so sorry, Jeane.
I had thought that maybe this wouldn't have been quite so new for you.  I just
about came just looking at you.  It wasn't fair of me to take advantage of you
like this, forgive me."

     Having learned about the finer things in life in the last few moments,
Jeane protested as adamantly as she could.  "Nancy, I have never felt so
wonderful, so needed and so wanted as I did just now.  I guess it is just too
much for me all at one time."

     As Nancy helped her dress, she smiled and said, "Jeane, you have not seen
the last of me.  We are going to continue this, ... well, conversation of
ours, again.  I might let you in on a little secret a little later also."

     As she finished dressing herself, she said, "I am trying my damnedest to
get screwed all week, so could you please try and keep Alex out of our hair as
much as possible.  I sure don't mind having you close by anytime (and she
emphasized the "anytime"), you might learn something useful, you never know.
But I don't know how Alex would react to our fucking, so the writing is on the
wall.  You, young lady, however, are in for some intensive lessons, I hope, so
keep your eyes open."

     On that note, they left the shelter and headed back to the camper.

     The rest of the afternoon and evening was spend hiking and messing around
the camper.  After a late supper Nancy winked at Jeane and suggested that they
all hit the hay early.  Josh objected, saying it was the shank of the evening
and besides there was a party at the lodge.

     At that Nancy said, "Speaking of shanks, Josh, let's talk about yours."
That shut him up, as he quickly looked over to see if either of the kids had
caught on.

     Josh took Alex in back to change.  Jeane quickly slipped into her
baby-doll under the admiring glance of Nancy.  "I can't wait," she said, just
before the men returned.

     Alex came back with pajama bottoms with no shirt.  Josh suggested Alex
sleep in the back and Jeane could take the couch. Nancy suggested that the
kids could watch a little TV before going to bed, so the kids piled onto the
sofa as Nancy and Josh left for the party.

     On her way out, Nancy stopped by Alex and Jeane on the pretext of kissing
them each goodnight, but she whispered, "In the glove compartment," to Jeane.
"Don't do anything I wouldn't do," she chided in departing.

     The kids sat quietly for several minutes.  "Now is my chance to further
my education," thought Jeane.

     "I wonder what's in the glove compartment."  There was only one way to
find out, look.  She went up front and opened the glove box.  Just junk.  But
she searched through it and, lo and behold, she found a video.  She didn't
have to look closely to guess what it might be about.

     "Want to watch a movie, Alex?"  "I suppose so.  Is it Disney?"  "Sort
of," she smiled back.

     "Did you really like what you say this afternoon, Alex?" "Yes, it was
neat."  "Would you like to see me again?"  "Ya, that would be great, Jeane."

     She got the movie going.  It was one of the Grade C-types. No plot, just
screwing.  It blew her mind.  As she sat enraptured by the movie she totally
forgot Alex was next to her.  She still thought it sort of gross, but just
watching brought that tingling sensation back to her loins.  But the
insensitivity and near violence of the men and indifference of the women, was
a near turn-off for her.  "It sure looks like the men enjoy that, but I am not
sure the women do," she thought.

     When it was all over and her breath had come back, she remembered Alex.
She looked over and say him stretched out on his side where he had started,
only now, he was sound asleep. "Nancy sure was right."

     So now what should she do.  She put the video back and returned to the
sofa.  She didn't feel like sleeping.  She wished Nancy was here.

     She went into the bathroom.  She was going to take the ponytails out of
her hair.  She stood in front of the mirror with her pajama tops pulled up and
looked at her tennis-ball-sized developing breasts.  They were nice.  Not big
like her mother's or Nancy, but both women liked hers, so they must be all
right. Her hand crept down to her loins.  She wanted to get all wobbly again.
She closed her eyes and let her mind wander back to the afternoon in the
shelter.  She felt the tingling between her legs again and a strong need to
touch herself there.   Before she realized it, she had a finger deep into her
vagina, and another over her little bud-clitoris rubbing it in a circular
motion.

     At that moment she heard, "Wa'cha doin?" Alex rudely asked.

     "I should ask you that, Alex,"  she returned, quickly pulling her hand
out of her pajama bottoms and dropping the top back down.  "You shouldn't be
spying on me."

     "I wasn't, I just had to go to the batroom and you were here."

     She didn't know what he had seen, but she wasn't sure she cared as the
pleasant sensations had not diminished.  "Go ahead, you won't bother me."

     At that he unbuttoned his pajama fly and pulled out his penis.  Now, she
certainly was no expert on these things having only a few minutes before even
seen much of penises.  She knew that they did grow much bigger when erect and
all of those she had seen in the video were erect and, of course, huge.
Alex's was actually small compared to them, but it had a certain fascination
about it, even flaccid.  She stared at the soft pink thing, about five inches
long and as big around as, maybe, a garden hose.  Alex held it complacently in
one hand and let out a horse-like stream of piss.  He sort of played at making
a design of bubbles in the toilet bowl and seemed disappointed when finished.
She would have loved to take it in her hand and see what it was like.

     As Alex was stuffing it back into his pajamas, she hesitantly inquired,
"That is very nice, Alex, may I look at it some more?"  "Ya, you don't have
one, do you?"  "No, but I have something nice, too."

     What Alex said next almost caused her to keel over:  "I know.  Ma lets me
see her's and if I'm good she lets me play around it.  It is fun to mess
around in there, but it gets messy and I have to wash my hands and I hate to
wash my hands and Ma sure acts funny.  She gets all excited and bounces around
and screams, but she won't let me stop.  She says someday maybe she will show
me some more things to do.  Can I play with your's?"

     Well, with an introduction like that, what could she do? Trembling with
anticipation, she managed to get out, "Sure, let's go back out to the sofa,
it's too crowded in here."

     They both rushed back out the narrow door, and just like the Keystone
Cops, they wedged themselves.  This was the second time Jeane could actually
recall touching a Jim's bare skin.  This time the touch was more electric than
in the pool.

     After some struggling they freed themselves and raced for the sofa.  They
tied, and flung themselves down on the narrow mattress.

     "Tell me what your mother does now, Alex."  "She just takes off her
clothes and lays down on the bed.  Then she tells me to get a big gob of spit
and lick it all around her house until it is real wet, then she tells me to
pretend the little man is a soda and then I get to play with the little man
and go in the house."

     "I don't know what all of that means, but I will take my pajamas off and
you show me.  It doesn't hurt does it?"

     "Well, sometimes she acts like it, but I wouldn't hurt a flea, and she
won't let me stop and I don't know."

     In no time she had her pajamas off and was stark naked before a person
for the second time today.  She stretched out on her back on the sofa.  Alex
seemed to enjoy looking at her body, or at least that is what she thought.
Her body was starting to take shape and she wasn't the skinny kid she used to
be.

     Her legs were slightly apart and bent up at the knees.  Alex could see
the smooth white of her inner thighs.   He placed his hand gently on the
inside of her thigh and softly squeezed.  She didn't pull away or tell him to
stop.  He felt an electricity flow through his body that he had not felt with
his mother.  He hesitated.

     Jeane felt the electricity too.  She wasn't sure what to do because she
was so excited.

     She felt his vacillation.  "Is something wrong, Alex?"  "I dunno.  I feel
sort of funny."  "Is it a good feeling or bad?" "I dunno, kinna good."  "Well,
Alex, I feel great please keep going."

     At that he boosted himself up onto the sofa and somehow got himself
lodged between her legs.  The sofa was really not meant for this type of
activity, but it was not going to stop either of them.

     He leaned down and just before be buried himself into Jeane awaiting
pleasure box, he said, "Gee, you don't have so much grass around your house as
ma does and where is the little man? On ma, he stands up very straight.  When
he is standing up and I just touch it, ma just whoops.  It's fun seeing her go
crazy. Maybe you don't have a little man."

     As he was talking, his hand motion slightly intensified as he gently
stroke her soft inviting thigh.  His hand had inched it's way up so that he
was now feeling her crack.  He could feel her moistness as his finger
explored.

     Before Jeane could say anything, he lowered himself down so he could
lubricate the premises.  In one fell swoop, Jeane felt herself leave the world
of children and enter the sensuously delightful world of adults.  The first
touch of his tongue on her private parts cause her great anxiety, it violated
all she had been taught, but the exquisite sensations could not be denied. She
writhed and twisted and might possibly even have escaped, but Alex was used to
"an active partner" and held her firm in his grip.  Slowly and lasciviously
his warm tongue found her every fold and recess, bringing hot saliva to
moisten and oil and leaving a tingling she had never imagined in her wildest
dreams.

     "Mmmmmmmmmmm... That feels good!"  she said softly. Encouraged by this,
Alex renewed his efforts and planted a juicy kiss right on her mons.  The
sensation was exquisite.  He uttered not a word as his warm lips and tongue
played games of passion on her genitals.  Only when he had finished lavishing
and lathering her and bringing her near to the brink of her first climax, did
he pause.

     He backed away and with the tender touch of a practiced lover he gently
found the entrance to her vagina.

     Jeane had heard that women had something called a G-spot, maybe he was
searching for that, but she would never know if he found it or not, as she had
her first orgasm and it nearly blew her mind.  She didn't even care if Alex
heard, but everyone else in the rest of the world surely heard her reaction.
Her scream of ecstacy rose and rose reaching a pinnacle just as the lightening
flashed through her brain and a gush of emotion flooded her body.  This was
what Nancy had talked about.  She was right.  It was the greatest thing.

     But this outburst had not the slightest effect on Alex.  He once again
replaced his gentle hands with his probing tongue, which continued it's
explore, satiated its wanderlust.  It was almost painful, but all Jeane could
do was moan and hope he didn't stop.  No one had ever done that to her before
and it felt so good.

     Alex's his hands were not idle.  Eventually, almost by accident it
seemed, they crept around to her buttocks.  Slowly and sensuously his warm
hands stroked her, not in a lewd way, more like play.  He didn't seem to miss
a contour.  The feeling aroused even more of her, if that was possible.

     "Alex that was great, please don't stop.  Do it again exactly the way you
did before, please."

     Alex obediently nodded, sending additional shiver of passion up her spine
and snuggled down deeper in her crotch.  With a few quick stabs with his
tongue he finally found her clitoris, which had swollen to a visible size and
peaked out from under its protective fold.

     "I found the little man, Jeane," he cried.  "So that was what he meant,"
Jeane thought, "Boy, is this great."  After many delicious minutes feeling his
expertness raise her once again to dizzying heights, she involuntarily arched
my back under the urging of his warm hands still massaging my buns.  Another
sharp cry erupted from her as a second and more intense climax arrived.

     Alex paused for breath, now.  He rose and knelt above her with a kindly
smile on his face.  "Did you like that?"

     She was beyond speech, but her smile must have satisfied him for he asked
no more.

     She looked down at herself.  She was all pink and white, stretched out on
the sofa.  Her smoothly rising ivory breasts were each crowned with a little
pink nipple, proudly erect.  Her smooth white legs, her inner thighs, gently
curved to meet at, then feeling like her very soul, her crotch, where the
silky pubic hairs nestled all around her passionately rising mons.  The
virginal labia swollen and ripe and, of course, her dear little clitoris,
although hidden from her view, was stoutly erect, hungering once again for
human contact.  And now the moistness oozed out of her vagina, down her crack
to disappear in the mattress below.

     At that instant she heard laughter.  It was Josh and Nancy returning.
Quickly, she sent Alex off to bed in the back and got her pajamas back on
nearly the right way and crawled under the covers to wallow in her own cum.
All she could do was feign sleep as the lights were still on in the camper.

     "Oh, look she fell asleep before she could even turn the lights off,"
Nancy said as she leaned down to kiss her on the cheek.  "That's funny," she
said and paused.  Jeane nearly died, but she only said, "Nothing," when Josh
asked what it was.

     "Wasn't that a total dud, Josh?" she said.  "Naw, I thought it was great.
I like those guys."  "To hell with those guys, Josh, let's fuck."  "Not
tonight, I am tired and it was a hard day, besides we did it last night."

     But Nancy wasn't going to give up that easily.  

     "How do I look?" she said as she stepped out of her clothes in an
instant.  "You always look great, Nancy, you know that, but put something on,
Jeane is right there."  "Ah, she's out cold. Come on give me your big cock,
macho man."

     Jeane could just see out of the slits of her eyes that Nancy had reached
around the slowly disrobing Josh and unzipped his pants.  "Let's see what ya'
got, big guy."

     Jeane never saw, because Nancy moved around him and slid her body
seductively down his front.  She fiddled there for just an instant and his
pant mysteriously slipped to the floor.  Quickly she pulled his undershorts
down and let out a low mournful moan. "Josh, it's magnificent."

     Josh's protests were apparently in vain as he stood stock still.  Jeane
could still not see what was going on, but her ears detected a sort of
slurping noise.  Silently, she rolled over slightly so she could see better,
but all that was readily visible was a hairy rear end.  She could see the
muscles in his buttocks tighten and relax and very slowly his pelvis sort of
started moving towards Nancy, then away.

     His swaying became more exaggerated and Jeane could hear him panting and
groaning over a background noise of something like someone slurping soup.
Suddenly the noise stopped and in a low passionate voice Nancy said, "Take me
Josh.  I want this big cock in me.  I want your cum to fill me up."  "No.
Keep it up.  That feels great, Honey.  I like it this way."

     The struggle that ensued was hard to follow.  Two practically naked
adults (Josh still had on his shirt) proceeded to wrestle like little
children.  Only when Josh accidentally knocked something off of a table did he
stop and say, "OK, dammit.  Only be quiet about it or you will wake up Jeane."

     He turned around and looked directly at Jeane, but she had her eyes
closed, anticipating his move.  Nancy moved around Josh and grabbed a couple
of blankets out of the cupboard and threw them on the floor.  As she lay down,
practically right next to Jeane, she glanced over at her and gave her a big
wink.

     "Over here, Nancy, we can't do it right next to her.  You know all of the
noise you make."  "No, this time I'll be quiet. Come here, quickly, Josh, I
want it now."  "Damn woman.  Never seems to get enough of this," he whispered
as be came over and knelt down between Nancy's wildly spread legs.

     It was then that Jeane got her first good, close up, real life look at an
erect penis.  She gasped audibly, but Nancy, possibly expecting that reaction,
continued babbling on about what a he-man he was and how he was hung and other
tidbits of wisdom.  Jeane saw that Josh's cock was obviously very wet as it
glistened in the dim light from the camper ceiling.

     He leaned over and placed his hands next to Nancy's waist and planted a
juicy kiss on one erect nipple and practically fell on her.  With virtually
all of his weight on her he reached down with both hands and grabbed his
penis.  His hips bobbed around for a few seconds like a bouncing ball.  Jeane
was still breathless from seeing his cock it all its exposed glory.  She knew
what he was going to do now (she had paid attention in sex education class,
after all), she just couldn't see anymore.

     Then he paused and with a groan of almost pain his hips crashed against
Nancy.  She let out a subdued whoop of delight and wrapped her elegant legs
around his waist.  Then with another sort of slurping noise his hips rose as
if pulled by a string and then sunk back into Nancy.  With each return, Nancy
moaned a seemingly dreadful moan, but her hands, around Josh's back, betrayed
her intent to have him continue.

     "Shut up.  You'll have that kid waking up."  "That's OK. She could learn
something here."  And glanced again over towards Jeane, faking sleep.  For an
instant their eyes met and Nancy smiled at Jeane.

     Josh's response was unintelligible as his hip motion rapidly reached a
fever pitch and he lower his face to Nancy and kissed her hard on the mouth.
With a groan of his own he gave a final lurch stopped.

     "Please, just a little longer," Nancy whimpered, as she desperately tried
to continue the rocking of her hips.  But she was pinned by the full brunt of
Josh's weight.

     As Josh tucked his head down next to Nancy's, she turned towards Jeane
and with an odd expression on her face gave out a guttural cry and squeezed
her muscular legs until Josh cried out in pain.  "Aaaaarrrrgggghhh, that was
sooooo goooood."

     At that he rolled off and as he got up he said, "That ought to hold you
for a few days."

     "God, she's a heavy sleeper," he continued as he passed Jeane on his way
to the bathroom, his limp cock flopping and dripping all the way.

     When he was gone, Nancy got up and leaned over Jeane.  "That wasn't one
of his best shots, but it still felt good.  Wait until you do it, Sweetie.  I
hope you enjoyed the view."

     Jeane winked at her and snuggled further under the covers as Nancy gave
her a moist kiss right on the mouth.  "Ginger," thought Jeane.  "Now where
would she have gotten ginger."  With her fingers dancing around her own
clitoris, Jeane finally went off to sleep with a smile on her face and
anticipation in her heart.

     The next day found all of the campers rested and full of vigor.  Josh
declared this the day of the hike.  He said, "Let's all go together.
Togetherness is best."

     So off they went.  Most of the time Josh and Nancy lead the way.  Jeane
and Alex both giggled about the way that Nancy sort of clung to him on the
trail.  But they set a furious pace.

     About noon, they stopped to eat lunch.  Nancy said she had brought
something along especially for lunch and said she needed a small fire.  She
gave instructions for setting things up to Jeane and said that she and Josh
would be off to forage for firewood.  Josh said he could get it, but Nancy
insisted to going too.  Jeane tittered as the went off arm in arm.  She really
wanted to follow them, but she couldn't leave Alex and she was afraid to take
him along.  After about forty-five minutes they returned, sans firewood.
Nancy had a big smile on her face and Josh had this sort of satisfied look
about him.  Their clothes were all messed up.  Nancy gave Jeane an great big
wink and real cozy hug when she got back.  All Jeane could make out when she
hurriedly whispered in her ear was something like, "much better." Only after
they had sat down did they realize that they had forgotten the firewood.  With
a rosy red face, Josh said he would go some, "alone, this time."  He was back
inside of five minutes with enough kindling for five fires.

     The buckwheat pancakes were great, but it was not clear that either Josh
or Nancy notice them.  Out of the corner of her eye, she notice once that
Nancy had slipped her hand inside of Josh's shorts.  She disappeared a long
way and Josh squirmed a lot as he tried to maintain some sense of composure.
He didn't succeed too well.  After lunch, Jeane suggested that she and Alex do
some searching around a hillock close by.  Nancy though it was a great idea,
but Josh nixed the idea.  "We should all stay together," he said.  That seemed
to put a pronounce damper on the party the rest of the afternoon.

     When they got back Jeane renewed her suggestion that she and Alex take
off to go swimming.  Since Josh wasn't within ear shot when Jeane made the
offer Nancy gave permission and with a passionate hug she bid the children
off.  "Take your time, she fired after them.  "We will.  Enjoy yourself" Jeane
replied.  The big beautiful smile in response was not lost on Jeane.  The
scheming little girl was busily working on a plan to get back and view the
entertainment.

     But the fates were not with her as Alex wanted to really swim.  So Jeane
had to content herself to playing make-believe tag and water football with
Alex.  The physical contact was a delight for her, but it was frustrating as
her vivid imagination allowed her to see the intimate encounter between the
impassioned adults.

     After an hour or so they returned to find Josh alone. "Nancy went off to
take a shower.  We were invited to a party again this evening, I hope you
don't mind."  "Naw, we'll get along."

     Jeane had an overwhelming desire to return to the ladies shower, but
couldn't figure out a way to do it.  In dejection, she just sat down and
waited.  Alex came over and tried to console her, even though he didn't know
what was troubling her. As he put his arms around her, she felt a twinge of
something very nice.  "Maybe this won't be so bad after all," she thought. But
Alex, obviously concerned interrupted her thoughts leaning very near her face
and whispering, "Maybe we can look at each other again when they are gone."

     Jeane about fell off of her chair, but she composed herself enough to
smile back and say, "Ya.  Don't tell anyone."  "I know, Ma, doesn't want me to
talk about that sort of thing either, but you are my friend, aren't you?"  She
leaned up and kissed him right on the lips.  He knew what the answer was.

     Nancy returned looking like a million dollars.  Jeane caught her before
she entered the camper where Josh and Alex were.  "You sure look beautiful,
Nancy.  I wanted to come down to watch you shower, but I couldn't figure out
how to do it."  "Thanks, I sure would've liked you there.  I suspect that Josh
is going to stay a long time tonight.  How would it be if I pretended to have
a headache and come back early, after Alex has gone to sleep?"

     Jeane hadn't expected that.  "Well, maybe things were going to happen
here, Nancy.  Last night Alex saw me naked and he showed me his penis."  "Did
he say anything, Jeane?"

     She paused for such a long time that Nancy had the answer she dreaded.
"Oh, God, Jeane.  Please don't tell anyone.  I have been so desperate for some
type of affection.  We never screwed, Jeane, believe me."  "I know.  He was
quite clear about certain things and I assumed others.  He seemed to enjoy you
as much as you enjoyed him."

     "Well, Jeane, you already know that he isn't as 'immature' as I had
implied, but I am not sure he knows enough to fuck.  If you want to let him
play with you like I do, go ahead.  You will enjoy it, but I doubt that
anything else will happen.  He may be physically able to fuck, but I am not
sure that he would want to or be encouraged to.  He never seemed to get, how
do you say it, turned on with me.  He does have a nice penis doesn't he?"

     "It is the first one I had really seen, except for babies. Then I saw
Josh's and we saw those movies."  "Oh, forget those movies.  You never find
those in real life.  But I have found that size isn't everything anyway.  It's
not what ya' got, it's what ya' do with it, that counts."

     At that the men stepped out and wondered what the girls were talking
about.  "Oh, just girl talk, Josh.  You wouldn't understand.  Let's be off and
let the kids enjoy some time away from the adults," she laughed.  The joke
eluded Josh, but he was anxious to leave anyway.

     After they left, Jeane, nervously fixed some sandwiches for them to eat.
She really wasn't hungry, but Alex ate ravenously. If she hadn't have know
better she would have been disappointed in Alex's lack of interest in their
evening's activities.  As it was, he acted like this was any other evening.
"Calm down, Jeane," she told herself.  "Maybe nothing interesting will happen
anyway."

     After the dishes were cleared up she turned around to figure out what to
do next.  Alex had placed himself squarely in front of the TV and was watching
some innocuous program.  "Would you like to do something else, Alex?" she
hoped.  "Naw, let me see this program."

     Now she was disappointed.  She decided that she should take the upper
hand, that is what Nancy would do.  She went into the bathroom and again
changed into her baby-doll pajamas.  She was tempted to leave off the panties,
but thought better of it.  She went over to Alex and sort of snuggled up to
him.  He responded to her putting her arm around him by doing the same to her,
but his mind was on the boob-tube.  Then she saw it.  The TV cord ran right
past her beautifully-turned foot.  If she could just sort of get it wrapped
around her and just sort of pull it sideways, it might just pull out of the
socket.

     "What happened," Alex cried as the TV went blank.  "Fix it, Jeane."

     "I'll try, but I don't know much about these things.  After about five
minutes of fiddling around with the TV.  She got the bright idea to elicit
Alex's help.  "While I fiddle with the antenna, up here, could you get
underneath me and turn those knobs," she tried.  He complied by snaking his
way between her and the TV, but she had left him little room.  "Isn't this
cozy?" she said.  "Ya', but I want the TV."

     Jeane persisted by having him continue to twist the knobs as she sort of
writhed against him.  At one point she actually got his head beneath her
pajama tops.

     "Now," she thought, as she pretended to topple backwards, pulling him
over on her.  She very nearly got the TV also, but thankfully not.  As she lay
sprawled on the floor with Alex draped over her, she wanted to just grab him
and kiss him and do other things, but couldn't quite do it.

     "Oooooh, I think I hurt myself," she cried.  Alex quickly scrambled up
and helped her up.  "Help me to the sofa, please," she said.  He laid her
gently on her back and leaned over.  "What can I do?"

     "I seem to have hurt my chest, could you look at my chest and see what I
did?"  He slowly lifted her pajamas, but she urged him to take it off
altogether.  He sort of stared at her lovely upraised breasts and exciting
little erect nipples.  "Please massage them, they hurt so much."

     "I know how to do that, I have done that for Ma."  

     Jeane just lay back and closed her eyes and basked in the gentle tender
touch of Alex.  He first gently kneaded around her small, but soft breasts,
like he was kneeling a scone.  His touch was warm and passionate.  Then his
fingers crept up to her ivory mound and traced around her tender areola
several times, finally spiralling in to the awaiting nipple, turgid with
passionate blood.  She moaned in ecstacy as he delicately and unknowingly
raised her ardor.  He slowly leaned down and with just the very tip of his
tongue he touched just the tip of her nipple.  The electric shock brought a
wave of heat over Jeane and she writhed in a delicious climax.  He continued
his interest in her sensitive nipples and her orgasm continued unabated for
several minutes.

     Finally, when she could stand no more she reluctantly reached up, cupping
her own breasts under his electric tongue. "Enough, I can't take anymore,
Alex."

     "OK," he said and moved back.  Jeane just wanted to lie there and bask in
this delightful feeling.  Nearly oblivious to her surroundings she did not
detect the actions of Alex in removing her pajama bottoms until fait accompli,
or nearly so. When she realized it she almost objected, but then thought,
"What the hell."

     As they finally slipped off, she said, for no apparent reason, "How do I
look, Alex."

     "Nice, real nice.  You look much neater than Ma.  

     Some how she had lost any inhibitions.  Maybe it was the warm room.  Or
maybe it was the barely perceptible feel of warm hands gentle caressing her
body.  Her mind wandered off into the netherlands as he delicately stroked her
stomach, round and around, slowly edging down her sides to the outside of her
thighs.  Then ever so slowly he felt his way around to the marble-white
virginal inner thighs and gently fondled the sensuous curves leading towards
the awaiting cavern of delight.

     Quickly she found herself rocketing out of control.  She thrashed and
twisted beneath his passionate petting.  Her mons heaved in time to her heavy,
almost labored, breathing as his fingers crept closer and closer to that warm
moist receptacle beckoning him ceaselessly and irresistibly.  Nearer and
nearer, until just as they reached the soft labia and he began to trace the
delicate line up to where they met and the exquisitely hooded clitoris
residing in anticipation, Jeane was racked once again by the passion of still
another orgasm.  She could not hold back the verbal sign this time and the low
moan scaled upwards, just as the charged emotions inside of her body soared,
and ended in an animal-like cry of pure delight.

     But Alex was seemingly not detracted as his warm fingers gently moved the
soft covering hiding her erect clitoris and began tracing the base of that
lovely and sensitive organ. Slowly he crept up that tiny organ, the home of
such immense feeling, until with exquisite care he reached the top, the very
tip, and another impassioned wail fell from her lips.  The ensuing moments of
pause were broken only by her laborious and loud panting.  He leaned over once
again and followed the exact trail left by his fingers, with his hot tongue
this time.  Twice on his way to the very tip of her clitoris she was overcome
with passion and released the passion and lustful sensations within her.

     Finally she could bear no more and slowly closed her legs, seemingly
banishing him from her privates.

     Alex simply said, "Jeane, what's wrong.  I can do a lot more.  Ma usually
wants me to keep going lots longer than this. Did I do something wrong."

     She was speechless, and just barely had the strength to reach up and
enfold him in her arms.  He allowed himself to be brought down to her side.

     As he lay beside her on the sofa.  He said, "Jeane, I sure feel funny.
What is going on?"  In a low hoarse whisper she asked what he meant.

     He said, "Look."

     She looked down and saw that his pajamas were bulging.  Her heart
stopped.  With a weary smile stealing to her face she slowly got up and knelt
next to Alex.

     "Here let me look," as she slowly unbuttoned his fly and with trembling
hands spread his pajamas open.  His once flaccid penis was now at half staff,
striving to erect itself against all odds.  She was enraptured as they both
watched it pulse with his excited heart beat and slowly, almost imperceptibly,
creep up and up and up until finally it stood tall and proud and nearly as big
around as her wrist.

     "Oh, Alex, it is wonderful.  Can I touch it."  "Sure I'd don't care, but
I don't know what caused it to do that.  Will it go away?"  "Sure.  Together
we can make it go away, but first I want to examine it."

     A slight string of drool escaped Jeane's lips as she bent over his erect
cock in the dim light of the camper.  Slowly she reached out, scarcely daring
to touch it.  She was fascinated by this bulging, apparently hard staff, that
pointed straight up as he lay back on the sofa.  As Jeane stared intently at
his tool, she stopping just short of grabbing it.

     Her eyes drop down to take in the lose sack that dangled between his legs
and rested on the sofa.  Gently, she reached down and picked up his testicles,
exploring each new wonder. After she had investigated each fold and lump, she
eagerly allowed her hands to find and lock themselves around the base of his
slowly throbbing penis.  While still holding firmly with one hand, maybe to
keep it from getting away, her other hand began a miraculous journey up the
craggy sides, following fascinatingly a distend vein until it disappeared just
beneath the base of his foreskin.  As she continued up she squealed with
delight as she found that his foreskin moved.  Slowly she retracted it on its
moist tracks until the flaming glans was revealed in all of its glory.  Her
other hand was fascinated by every pulse in Alex's body each bringing a new
surge of blood to enlarge his organ.

     Slowly she leaned over, just as he had done, and sought to run her tongue
over his stiff staff.  When she was about half way up his erection she heard
Alex moan and felt his hips begin a rhythmic pattern up and down on the soft
sofa.  In just a short time his movement reached a fanatical pace and as they
both stared in awe, open mouthed, Alex's wad shot up, nearly hitting the
ceiling.  Neither child could say anything as yet another gigantic shot surged
upwards.  For what must have been a minute they watched this magnificent
performance, each succeeding ejaculation slightly less then the preceding one,
until only a little oozed from him and ran down his erection.

     "My, that was amazing," she finally said.  "It sure was.  I have never
felt anything so wonderful in my life.  Is that what you feel like when I play
with your little man?"  "I am sure it is.  Can I still play with your BIG
man?"  "Sure, it feels nice."

     She leaned down once again to continue her impassioned licking and to her
surprise discovered the elusive ginger.  "So that's what it was," she thought.
The very though sending thrills down her spine.

     She had heard from some of her more "worldly" friends of how men tended
to screw and go on to other pursuits almost immediately and of how their dicks
shrunk back down in size after they screwed so she longed to continue her play
before that happened.  She was much more fascinated with this manly post
before her than that flabby dangly she had seen in the bathroom yesterday.
For another few minutes she continued her relentless excursion around and up
and down his sturdy projection, but it just continued to stand tall and throb
in tune with Alex's breathing.

     As she leaned back to once again view that magnificent creature one of
her hands fell down to her own crotch.  As she just stared at his in awe her
fingers slowly sought her puny erection and fondled it producing a surge of
electricity inside that seemed to demand release.

     She lay down next to Alex, lying quietly on his back. Reaching over she
encouraged him to roll on his side until he was facing her.  She reached
around him, pulling him to her and kissed him, hard, on the lips.  This was
the way one is supposed to kiss, she thought.  Encouraged, he reached around
and hugged back, but his still stout erection prevented him for doing more
than just sort of leaning over.  The sticky-damp glans lodged in the middle of
her stomach bringing a sigh to her lips beneath the deep kiss.  While he held
her tightly she allowed one hand to drift down to his penis once again as the
other continued to play around her clitoris, then creep down to her labia and
slowly enter the hidden reaches of her vagina.  "Suppose this was him," she
thought.  Then as her blood fiercely pounded in her head, she spoke out loud,
"Why not."

     "Alex, let's sit up."  "Naw, this is fun.  I like it."  "I don't want to
stop, but I've got a better idea.  Take off you pajamas and sit in front of me
cross-legged.  They did.  And for a few long moments they just sat there
hungrily soaking up the beauty before them.

     Alex reached out to gently cup her small, but luscious, breasts in his
warm hands.  Jeane extended her hand and caressed his nipples.  A slow,
fervent kiss exchanged their lips several times.  Cautiously, at first, their
tongues explored, as their hands softly and hesitantly meandered among the
delightful hills and valleys of each other.  Their nipple stood at rigid
attention, her's being like lovely, ruby flowers stretching out to Alex.  He
paused a moment to delicately plant a warm, moist kiss on each sweet breast.
Their fingers continued to enjoy their romped as children at play, which they
were.

     One of his hands crept up to stroke Jeane's hair and fell lovingly to
gently massage her shoulders and back of the neck and ear; the other stole
lower to her delicately smooth, creamy white inner thigh and delicately inched
to her pubic area.  It was still dripping wet with her vaginal juices from her
too numerous to count orgasms.  He gently traced the contours of her pubic
mound and played with the sparse, but soft and downy pubic hair. He tenderly
frolicked over the mons and cautiously ventured further.

     Her hands were far from idle as she caressed his chest and arms and
followed the contours down towards the deep and dark nether regions.  As she
reached the mound of soft hair surrounding his still rigidly erect penis, it
quivering and quaked and maintained it urgent pose, proud and majestically
upright.  With supreme sensitiveness she once again slid the foreskin back to
expose the glistening head at which she marveled a few minutes before.  Her
finger traced the edges of the glans around and followed it up to the narrow
closed orifice.  Oh, so, gently she lifted his stiff and forbidding penis up
and looked it head on.  Her soft fingers then touched a large serpentine vein
and followed it full length, wondering lazily as she went.  When she reached
the root, the source of the enormous organ's strength, she extended her hand
until she totally enveloped the rigid staff.  The other hand stole down still
lower to the testicles.  In the heat of passion they were loose and pliable.
As she valiantly tried to capture and hold one, Alex caused her to start.

     Once again he had found her clitoris that focus of urgent passion.  But
not until after he had deliciously sought the hidden depths of her creamy pink
vagina, the love-shrine.  Her fluids were perfect to moisten and lubricate his
touch.  With exquisite care and tenderness he surrounded her exquisitely
sensitive flower and caressed every crevice and tip.  Jeane gave a reflex
intake as he reached the tip.  Her moans were equalled only by his.  Alex
dallied with trembling hand as shivers of passion waved through Jeane's
graceful body.

     Together they lavished joyful touch upon tender touch on each other as
they shared this exquisitely lovely and passionate moment.  As their soft and
gentle frolicking continued their breathing meshed into one.

     Imperceptibly each clung to the other.  At no time did their eyes wander
from each other, being constantly focused on their finger's meanderings, awed
by the innocent and sweet "children" at play in their enchanted meadow.

     As one they looked at each other.  The electricity of the moment was
awesome.

     Their eyes again dropped as Jeane untangled her lovely long legs and laid
them on either side of Alex.  They both trembled in fear of the unknown, but
they played as a perfect team.  As one of his hands continued his caress of
her neck and back, the other alternated between his tender awakening of her
clitoris and sensitive probing of her warm cave of joyful love.  In turn one
of her hands sought Alex's back and pulled him closer and the other continued
the game of tag with his testes.

     As passion overtook them she slipped her hand up once more to his turgid,
pulsing penis and as Alex parted her labia and exposed the warm entryway of
her vagina she allowed the softly rounded head to run around the lips ever
perceptually creeping closer to the warm, dark cave, as her flowing juices
graciously covered the magnificently erect crown. They both shivered in
anticipation.

     "Have you ever been inside a girl before?" she asked him. He shook his
head.

     They both watched in utter amazement as the now self-activated penis
followed the lead shown him.  With faint help from Alex and Jeane the splendid
shaft slowly penetrated until the tip disappeared between the exquisite labia,
swollen and incredibly sensitive.  It was a good thing he was so hard, or he
never would have gone into her that far.  His penis was gripped in a seeming
death grip, but it was truly a grip of life. They strained, but little
happened.

     Desperately, she gasped for him to lie back down.  He tried
unsuccessfully to do that while still locked together, but almost immediately
he came unlodged, a high-pitched cry of dismay emanated from his lips.  She
remained kneeling over him, straddling his waist.  She reached back and found
his pulsating penis, rock-hard and wet from her own fluids, just behind her.
She leaned back a bit so she could feel its massiveness press into the velvety
separation between the snow-white twin domes of her derriere.  He groaned at
that contact.

     Jeane leaned forward onto him and gave him a big wet kiss right on the
lips and they tongued each other sloppily.  His hands had come up to stroke
and caress her back and slide down to squeeze those firm and flawless
hemispheres.

     She knelt up and moved back, then crouched over him.  His penis was
standing up, stiffly, at maybe a forty-five degree angle to his stomach.  With
a trembling hand she grasped his penis and lowered herself till it once again
rested against her delicate labia.

     Then slowly she lowered herself onto his scepter.  He fit so snuggly
inside of her that when maybe a third of him was in, she stopped and tried to
relax.

     The two children clutched each other tighter.  

     He sighed and she pushed down and back, thrusting more and more of his
proud penis into her.

     Their hips slowly began a rhythmic oscillation, perfectly in tune,
together quickly and desperately, apart, slowly and reluctantly.  But the way
was too much for this sturdy stallion. After many, many minutes of determined
effort, with sweat enveloping both children little progress had been made.
Their breathing coming in gulps, their hip gyrations rapid, but of short
length due to the diminutive path.

     Then he loosed a low guttural grunt and pulled her hips down and she had
almost all of him in her.

     The two children shrieked and fell together as their juices mingled for
the first time.

     She could feel his spasms and the sensation of him inside of her and his
hot semen squirting, folded into her climax.  Her soft and gentle vaginal flow
mating with one gigantic gush after another of precious semen penetrating to
the very depth of her soul.

     Neither Jeane or Alex were disappointed in his lack of penetration,
rather they were ectatic at feeling something that most adults have never even
felt -- exquisite simultaneous orgasms, perfectly in tune.  Every part of
their bodies behaved in mirror image of the other's.  Perfection is the only
term to describe it.

     For more than fifteen minutes the sat linked together feeling the flowing
of their own essences consume them.  It was impossible to say that each was
not fully slaked.  Yet, Jeane was still higher than a kite and Alex, well,
Alex was still harder than a rock.

     Then Jeane moved.  It might have been that she was trying to extract
herself, but it was more a squirm to find a more comfortable spot, after all,
they had been locked together in this position for over thirty minutes.
Anyway, as she moved, she felt something that could only be called a shock.  A
bolt of electricity radiate from her vagina, surging throughout her body.

     "Oh, Alex, that was wonderful, wasn't it?"  "Ya'," and as he added the
words, "Let's do it again," they once again parted and moved together in
perfect union.

     Only this time it was different.  They looked down, sensing a new
freedom.  As the blood rushed a flush of heat to their faces they saw Alex's
manhood slowly sank out of sight, the way paved by his monstrous ejaculation.
As if watch departing friends, Jeane and Alex gave pause when he was totally
immersed inside of her.

     Only then did they once again look up to gaze into each other's eyes.
Snuggling closer, they remained locked, totally engaged.

     Still lovingly gazing at each other, they sat linked in ecstacy for close
to fifteen minutes.  Then at a moment virtually without sign, she squirmed and
uttered a delightful squeal.  She was writhing and twisting as she lay impaled
on his grand pole. She let myself slide forward onto him, so her lovely
breasts pressed into his body and just let her hips go, rolling and rocking
and sliding up and down.

     With obvious reluctance his engorged and turgid rod emerged from its
comfortable home for a short moment and then disappeared again with relish
into the inner reaches of pleasure.  Each removal, sheer agony; each return,
utter elation.

     As the gentle rhythms of their swaying pelvises gradually increased in
intensity, their breathing took on a certain urgency.  With the heavy
breathing their pelvic pumping followed suit.  The dogged clutch-release of
Jeane exactly tuned to the earnest thrust-lingering withdrawal of Alex's hips.
His magnificently sturdy and shimmering penis, never flailing, begged to
remain inside Jeane, but it was not to be...yet.  The fluid noises of their
combined juices, a slight squeak from the far reaches of the camper and their
passionate breathing were the only sounds.

     He was jerking his hips up, thrusting into her crazily.  She sat up and
back and let all weight press down hard onto his stout manhood.  She glanced
down, past her heaving breasts and her swollen mons and to her delight saw his
giant penis stretch her labia far apart and disappear deep inside her.

     Precisely on cue their breathing became more like grunts and groans as
the heated motion of their bodies became more spontaneous and impulsive and
less restrained.

     As their exertion approached the agonizing stage (to a casual observer)
the sensuous groans became a constant barrage of erotic and carnal grunts.
Jeane attempted to control the fantastic thrusts of Alex, just to make them
linger, but to no avail.

     Alex's moans reached a hysterical level.  Jeane assumed he was going to
explode again and leaned forward on top of him again holding him close,
enveloping him with a passionate kiss.  She rotated her hips so that her mons
ground into him.  Her throbbing clitoris was now fully exposed to his
violently crashing pubic bone at full penetration and the smooth upper side of
his slippery charging cock the rest of his stroke.

     For one instant Alex withdrew his towering, flaming rod and then blindly
plunged himself to the hilt into Jeane.  This last gigantic heave brought Alex
into a previously unreached inner sanctum.  Simultaneously, he erupted with a
monstrous and guttural primeval cry.  She felt his dick flex as he creamed
once again inside of her.  Each pulse sent her towering orgasm screaming even
higher.

     Jeane fought her urge to scream and only partially succeeded.  A shrill
wail of ecstacy bubbled from her lips along with the cry, "Oh, no, God!  Don't
let it be finished!  Bring it back."  Their simultaneous cataclysmic orgasm
gushed.  An enormous mass of semen, seemingly Alex's total life's energy,
spewed forth to penetrate every cranny.  As he strove to extract the last
vital drop in her, she cling for dear life with her graceful long legs and
lithe arms enfolding him.

     A thick mixture of their juices slowly seeped from between her labia to
flow freely over them and the bed.

     They lay panting like a feral animals, motionless, except for an
occasional throb from his swollen penis still fully clamped in her vagina.
She nearly passed out.

     With utter joy, they lay spent in each others arms for more than a half
an hour.

     Their reverie ended as all good things must, unfortunately, when they
both heard over their deep even breathing the unmistakable breathing of a
third person.

     Jeane opened her eyes first.  She was greeted with the shock of another
pair of misty blue eyes gazing back at her's.  With a start that jolted Alex
back to reality, they both sat up to be confronted by the presence of Nancy.
"Nancy, my God, I'm sorry," Jeane said as she tried, with limited success to
extricate herself from Alex, their legs were still linked passionately and his
amazingly enduring penis still hard and still buried deep inside of her.

     "No," Nancy nearly yelled, "No, don't get up.  Let me watch you.  It
would be cruel to disturb you two."

     But instinct was the winner, for their entanglement loosed just as she
finished her plea.

     Nancy's eyes opened wide as she was attracted to the slushing noise of
their parting and beheld his still erect penis.

     "Alex, I..., I don't know what to say."  But she couldn't take her eyes
off of him.  But Nancy also had eyes for the now beautifully budding Jeane.
Never letting her eyes cease their quick darting between the two lovely
children she reached down and loosened her shorts, pulled then down.  As she
kicked them aside, practically tore her shirt off, two buttons flying off and
disappearing somewhere.

     Quickly she climbed on the sofa and straddled Alex's legs. She leaned
down and planted a wet juicy kiss on Alex's amazed mouth.  Without hesitation,
she also firmly kissed the still trembling Jeane on the lips.  "Help me,
please, Jeane.  Please, I need it, too," she moaned as she took Jeane's hands
and placed them on Alex's extended penis.  "Please, help me."

     No more urging was needed.  Jeane sat up and with both hands trying to
quell Alex's magnificently throbbing staff, she tried to point it in the
general direction of Nancy's vagina.  With a sly smile, she rubbed it to
long-wise through her labia from bottom to top. ending with a quick cross-wise
stab at her clitoris.

     Nancy whispered through her soft hair now flowing down over her face and
Alex's as she turned away from where she had buried her face, "That's OK,
Jeane, I saw the whole thing.  I don't need any preliminaries.  You kids were
better than any video I have ever seen.  Just let me get it in me."

     Jeane, complied by urging his staff back down her mons until the tip
disappeared between her labia.  Slowly she lowered herself, with a groan of
ecstacy, enveloping the upright penis. No time was lost as Nancy began a wild
ride of passion.  Alex remained virtually motionless beneath the onslaught.
Although Nancy's lovely hips rose and fell relentlessly and furiously, she,
surprisingly, was not the first to cum.  With little warning Alex gave a
shrill cry indicating release of still more semen, in the name of passion.
Nancy practically collapsed when she felt the steady pounding of the
discharges inside of her, but she continued her unrestrained pace with only an
imperceptible pause.

     Obviously that act did not hinder their travails.  For another five
minutes their heated thrashings continued.

     Then Nancy gurgled some unintelligible words, screamed, "My god, I can't
take anymore.  Let it be. Nooooooooow."  And she fell on poor Alex.

     It was not clear whether his expulsion of breath was do to her weight or
still another discharge of cum.  The beatific expression on Nancy's face, just
visible through her tresses would tend to support the latter.  For nearly a
minute, she grunted again and again in time to Alex's ejaculations.  Each one
caused her to clinch her buttocks visibly.  Jeane ran her hands over each
luscious mound as if to try to coax more from it.  The heat she felt was
enormous.

     Nancy just lay there on Alex sort of whimpering.  Jeane could see tears
in her eyes.  She leaned over and kissed them away.

     "God, Jeane, was it like that for you?" she gasped.

     After a few minutes, as Jeane continued to gentle stroke her backside and
back and shoulders, she lifted her head and said, "Now that's the way to get
fucked, Jeane.  Forget everything else you've seen.

     "My God, he's still hard as a rock.  Alex why didn't you tell me about
this.  His mother's the last to know, I guess."

     Nancy hump up, nearly severing her connection with Alex. Looking under
her she moans, I want it again, but, Jeane you deserve it, not me."

     At that she slowly, ever so slowly, slipped juicily off of his towering
rod and rolled off and stood up.  All down the insides of her legs trailed the
residuals of their passion.  She reached down and took Alex's manhood in her
mouth, rolled her tongue all over his glans, pulled off, gave it a parting
peck and smiled.  "It is up to you Jeane to try to quell his fire.  Can you
take him again?"

     In an instant Jeane grabbed Alex and pulled him on top of her.  Alex's
still stoutly erect penis caused him some dismay as he found himself on top of
her.  It wound up sort of bent against the sofa between her wildly
outstretched legs.  Nancy reached over the frenzied thrash, and now
passionately kissing, couple and encouraged Jeane to raise her knees up off of
the sofa.

     With a sign, whispering, "Such innocence," she grabbed Alex's hips and
bodily lifted him off the sofa so that his manhood hung grotesquely down,
pointing towards the impending haven.

     With much affection she gentle stroked him, not wishing to part with this
wondrous device.  But soon, no doubt spurred on by Jeane's hips flailing
upwards and around trying to find that object she longed for, she finally held
it lovingly in her hand and gently guided towards the awaiting hot and moist
aperture begging for a companion.

     As soon as she placed his glans between Jeane's labia, Jeane gave a cry
of delight and bucked her hips violently upwards.  Her legs flew up nearly
catching Nancy's head and clinched Alex's pelvis for dear life.  Nancy was
barely able to observe Alex slowly sink from sight into Jeane's vagina.  The
vision sent shivers of passion up and down Nancy's spine.  Her knees nearly
buckled as she grasped her own loins to allow herself to emulate these two
happy children.

     It was clear that Alex didn't really know what to do.  And Nature was in
no hurry, while Jeane spent about five minutes attempting to sort of prime the
pump.  With most of her strength she was able to dig her bottom into the sofa
and pull away from his penis a fraction of an inch, then slam back up into
him.  By doing this in tune to the frequency of the sofa mattress she was able
to accomplish much.  Although she was expending fierce effort it would never
have appeared to a passerby that she had anything but joy in her heart.  It is
amazing what wonderful things joy can do.

     Finally, Mother Nature got through to Alex's mind or whatever as Jeane
felt him join in the rhythmic cadence of their joined pelvises.

     As Nancy approached her self-induce brink she wondered if Alex and Jeane
would climax together again.  The thrill of the thought sent a shudder
coursing through her body.  As she probed the depths of her own body, Alex's
extraordinary penis was probing deeply into Jeane.  And Jeane opened wide to
accommodate that stallion-cock.  Their mouths seemed to be joined just as
securely as their loins and their frightening pace continued unabated.

     All three lucky people moaned and groaned under their burdens of passion.
Only once did one falter when Jeane cried in seeming anguish that she was
finished, but Alex continued and proved her wrong.  Her climax grew and grew
and with a gigantic outrush of pent up emotion Alex and Jeane reached that
supreme crescendo.  Neither had the strength to cry out this time as his
bodily fluids poured into and through her.  Again and again he gushed fourth
his semen.  Again and again her vagina thrilled to the feeling of fulfillment,
accepting as much as she could and disgorging the rest to the sofa until a
pool lay beneath them.

     With a shiver they lay still.  Nancy leaned over them whispering words of
congratulations and love.

     Nancy lay down next to them, cuddling the happy pair on the narrow sofa.

     After about ten minutes, Alex struggled free of Jeane's wildly splayed
legs and rolled over off of her and against the camper wall.  "Gee, Ma, that
was great.  But look it, it's still sticking up."

     Both women stared aghast at his penis, still erect and still oozing semen
from its single eye.

     Jeane rolled off of the sofa and knelt next to Nancy as they marveled at
this wonder tool.  Ignoring any protestations from Alex they alternately
fondled and kisses and licked and sucked it.  In boisterously lewd glee they
ravished his stalk until they saw it straighten slightly and swell even more.
One, who knows who, delicately embracing his testicles with her sensitive
fingers, squealed in delight as they turned and twisted in her hand.

     Then suddenly Alex shooed them both away and all three saw him eruption
with another gigantic wad of cum which sailed high up and over to his chest.
Immediately another followed, and another, each choosing a slightly different
direction to fly depending on the magnitude of the jerk in his penis, until it
seemed there was cum everywhere.  (One must not forget that each lady had a
steady stream emanating from her recently ravished vagina, also.)

     The two ladies instinctively clapped in unison at this fantastic display.

     When the fireworks display ceased in a few moment, they were almost
relieved to see Alex slowly shrink.  Jeane, with a cry of anguish, reached out
to support it as it wilted and shriveled. Slowly his foreskin was restored to
it place of prominence.

     Sleep enveloped him and all was quiet for a few moments.

     Nancy broke the silence, "Jeane, you could never have had a better
introduction to the joys of sexuality than you did here."

     "It was pure heaven, Nancy.  How can I ever thank you for showing me."

     "It was not me, thank him."  

     "No, Nancy, it was you who allowed me."  

     And Jeane, still kneeling before the prostrate Alex, turned to Nancy.
"This is what you showed me."  And she reached up and pulled Nancy down to her
and kissed her passionately on the lips. It was not a short peck, it was a
lingering, deep and loving one that lasted for several minutes.

     Nancy responded in the only way she knew how.  She reached up and cupped
those delicate trembling breasts in her still- moist hands and caressed the
exquisitely sensitive alabaster skin.

     Jeane very slowly, in time to unheard, but intimately felt, music, pulled
Nancy to herself.  They hugged, full length, as they had so longed to do.  And
it was wonderful.

     It was an incredible feeling, another glorious feeling for Jeane.  She
had never quite felt like this before.  Before it was almost like
manipulation, now it was togetherness unimagined. There was no lust in her
feeling, just love.  So close, yet so different.  She felt she was opening up
and absorbing another to form a total entity.  At last.  True fulfillment, she
thought.

     Jeane's knees could no longer hold her up and Nancy slowly easer her to
the soft rug on the camper floor.

     When she was prone, she gazed up into Nancy's radiant eyes and carefully
and clearly mouthed the words:  "I Love you."

     Nancy leaned down and kissed Jeane.  It felt like the first time.  The
feeling in her body was totally different, almost foreign, yet it made her
feel whole.  It made her feel heavenly. Her kiss was warm, heartfelt and
deeply passionate.  As it lingered, Nancy gently caressed Jeane's lips with
her tongue until Jeane consented and parted them.  For what seemed like
minutes she explored everywhere, beginning with her lips, then her teeth, and,
like someone scouting new territory, didn't miss anything.  But it was done in
such a way that it never felt like an invasion or violation.  It felt like,
"Hey, Jeane, this is me. I want to share me with you, but take me along."  And
she did. Jeane felt as one with Nancy as they lay snuggled on the carpet.

     Seemingly refreshed by this "first" kiss Jeane lay back with Nancy
bending over her, first kissing, then playfully licking her mouth, her face
and eyes, her ears and her throat, her bare shoulders.

     Nancy slowly and cautiously allowed her warm hands to slip down, down
until then rested on the small twin domes of Jeane's budding breasts of
velvet.  Nancy's eyes never left Jeane's.  For a few moments they lay there
comfortably.

     Then Nancy's hands gently cupped Jeane's firm young breasts like they
belonged there.  Jeane's already erect nipples seemed to struggled to gain
their rightful place in Nancy's kind and sensitive fingers.  With utmost
tenderness these fingers stroked the ruby areola, the sprouting nipples until
they became as hard as a penis.

     Those loving hands delicately departed sadly her breasts to continue
their journey.  Spontaneously, with no effort to moderate her voice, Nancy
cried out, "My god, I never realized you were so beautiful!"  As if
star-struck, she just sort of stared with her mouth hanging open.  Slowly
Nancy's eyes absorbed what seemed like Jeane's entire being.  Again, Jeane did
not have the slightest feeling or hint of licentiousness, it was two people
sharing themselves.  The feeling of this woman in all honesty telling her what
was, quite obviously, a simple fact, filled Jeane with love for Nancy.  The
tears filled Jeane's eyes.

     "What have I done," Nancy cried when her eyes again found Jeane's, saw
the tears and pulled her close.  Jeane reached her slender young legs around
Nancy's elegant thighs to ease her concern.  She also reached out and gently
cup Nancy's luscious and full breasts in her warm hands.  She extended her
hand and caressed her determinedly stiff nipples.  Another slow, fervent kiss
exchanged lips several times.

     As they held the kiss long and hard their hands wondered silently over
each other.  Their hands softly and hesitantly meandered among the heavily
bedewed hills and valleys of each other.  Their nipples stood at rigid
attention like lovely, ruby flowers stretching out.  Their fingers continued
to enjoy their childlike romp.

     Nancy stole her hands lower to Jeane's delicately smooth, creamy white
inner thighs tenderly stroking the satin skin.  Then delicately inched towards
the rising mound at the apex of her shapely young legs, to that place so rich
in erotic senses.

     She ran her fingers carefully around the blossoming labia. Nancy's
affectionate hands gently followed Jeane's pliant labia slowly tracing each
layer from end to end, slowly approaching that hollowed grotto.  Jeane's hips
began to move.

     Before entering, however, Nancy's finger found Jeane's clitoris, that
blood-rich bud, that flower, the seat of driving passion, still achingly hard
and proudly erect.  She rubbed her finger gently back and forth over it,
causing little groans of pleasure to bubble from Jeane's lips.

     With exquisite care and tenderness Nancy surrounded Jeane's exquisitely
sensitive flower and caressed every crevice.  Jeane gave a reflex intake as
she reached the tip.  Her moans were equalled only by Nancy's.  Nancy dallied
with trembling hand as shivers of passion waved through Jeane's graceful body.

     Then she slowly began to let the tip of her finger delve down into
Jeane's crack.  She used her fingers to pull her labia wide open, showing the
juicy pink interior.  Then, while using the thumb to keep tender contact of
Jeane's clitoris, Nancy slid her forefinger down and began to slide the
fingertip towards that fierce grotto.  Down, down she went, finally into that
wet, juicy slit and right up into her hot vagina.  Jeane groaned as Nancy's
finger rhythmically slid in and out of her hot humid cunt. Stroking,
caressing, searching, Nancy continued slowly exciting Jeane more and more.

     To Nancy this was the most delicious moment of all.  She had found the
long sought after the hidden depths of Jeane's velvety pink vagina, the
love-shrine.  The mixed fluids of Alex and Jeane were perfect to moisten and
lubricate her touch.

     Nancy paused to look down at the beautiful sight.  Her finger was slowly
sliding deeper and deeper into the juicy little crevice.  The soft thin pubic
hair hid none of her slit from her view.  Slowly, she inched her finger deeper
until she was twirling her fingertip in the very depths of heaven itself

     They flew together higher and higher under the gentle lead of Nancy
touching, caressing embracing Jeane's very soul and her warm, moist vagina.
She pressed onwards harder, deeper.  Their hearts quickened in response.  They
could feel their breath catch release simultaneously.

     They were in an uncontrollable, sensual whirlwind.  Both were trying
desperately not to let it get away from them.  They both felt like they were
falling, tumbling joyfully over and over into an abyss of soft sensual
pleasure.  Neither had ever felt this exact feeling before and neither wanted
it to ever pass. This was like no addiction imaginable.

     Slowly and steadily they climbed (or were lead by an unseen, invisible
force, together).  For nearly twenty minutes they ascend.

     There was no real peak in their simultaneous climax, only a crest.
Slowly they approached the zenith.  They happily dallied on the crown, as
smooth as Jeane's mons heaving in a steady rhythm, of the mountain for many,
many minutes and then slowly drifted down the other side.

     Words were inadequate to describe it and an outsider could never have
comprehended anyway.  It will suffice to say that the joy was delightfully and
deliciously inexplicable.

     Nearly a hour later they reluctantly retrieved the cold real world.

     With gentle smiles they kissed and rose and parted. 

     No words were spoken as the night closed in on them.

\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\Nation of Thieves////////////////////////////////
:    The Rendezvous -- 220 Megs -- 3/12/2400 -- 9 lines -- (619) 275-1040     :
:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:
:            Erotic*City -- WWIV Net Node 6978 -- (619) 528-0322              :
:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:
:      Dirty Bird's Nest                        The Electronic Forum @6855    :
:           150 Megs           12/24/48/9600              675 Megs            :
:       (618) 397-7687             USR-HST            (618) 346-9078          :
:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:
:              Sin*City -- WWIV Net Node: 6969 -- (619) 283-4998              :
 \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\///////////////////////////////////////


