
                        THE TRAINING CAMP


 
The ad for the camp had promised quite a bit, and Samuel had a
sinking feeling, as he left on his vacation, that it was almost
too good to be true.  He felt lonely, though, and desperate
enough to take a chance on it.  He had not much to lose-- the
week-long stay in the wooded camp was extremely cheap.   Only for
the last few minutes did Sam feel some anxiety, not knowing quite
what he had gotten himself into. 
  
He pulled into the parking lot, which was just over half full,
but with no humans present except for the nice-looking woman in a
spiffy uniform who directed him to a parking space.  She was warm
and friendly, and her young, perky voice directed him to the
registration desk. 
  
So far, so good.  There were a number of interesting women
visible outside.  If he was to meet a female friend, as the ad
said that he would in no uncertain terms, this was certainly a
place for it.  Dinner was pleasant, and Sam was particularly
thrilled by the fact that he was one of the few males there-- the
dining hall containing about 40 women.  He had not met the other
men, nor had a chance to, nor would he.  Sam felt a little
strange about this-- he had been led from place to place, never
unaccompanied except while in his room, and so far, with little
freedom to do as he pleased, like he felt when he took one of
those group bus tours that hurries you past all the sights 
one wanted to see.  He was annoyed that even his dinner was 
interrupted by yet another woman, who was up on a stage in the
front, with a P.A. microphone.  She welcomed them all, and told
them that they'd all be having a great time over the next week. 
The women seemed to accept that statement at face value, and
cheered.  This didn't make sense either.  After all, the women
should be disappointed at the scarcity of men. 
  
This train of thought was interrupted by a touch on his leg, a
female hand that was sliding, under the table, towards his
thighs.  Sam's hormones, which never missed any opportunities
like this one, responded.  The woman to his right, with her hand
on his leg, had beautiful red hair and terrific features-- and
significant breasts, barely held in by a halter top.  If this
seems stereotypical, so thought Sam, who tended to notice unique
flaws in a woman faster than he noticed perfection.  She was
almost TOO shapely for his tastes.  But, nonetheless, she was the
one who took him to bed that night. 
  
The camp fulfilled the advertisement's promise right away, a fact
which pleased Sam to no end.  Sex came easy, as he always thought
it should.  Yet he would have liked to at least get to know this
person better before sleeping with her. 
  
It was straightforward, and, even with such a beautiful woman,
rather ordinary.  The woman, who finally introduced herself as
Gladia, while they undressed, didn't seem interested in anything
but sex.  Sam's genitals took over, despite the incredible
skepticism that was building in his mind.  She was in his bed; he
climbed on top of her, sinking into her breasts and, after only a
few minutes of foreplay, his penis found its way between her legs
and sank into her body.  It was unimaginative and ended too
quickly. 
  
Things seemed better when Gladia demanded more.  Sam, not very
tired from the first attempt, rolled onto his back, and Gloria
climbed onto him.  He noticed that her breasts obscured the view
he really liked-- of his penis vanishing into her pussy.  That
scene always excited him- - not that the view of her mammary
glands was that bad-- but he missed it. 
  
The second time, they went slowly, and it took twenty minutes to 
orgasm.  It always took longer the second time, Sam knew, but for
the first time ever he almost felt like giving up the effort.  He
was sleepy.  Maybe, he thought while waiting patiently for his
own orgasm, the lack of challenge detracted from his pleasure. 
He came-- and felt himself slide out of Gladia, who removed his
condom and cleaned him up while his eyes were still closed.  She
whispered to him as he fell asleep, and her words were the first
that sounded really sincere.  Fun, she said, doesn't always come
when you get what you want. 
  
Sam woke up at around 10:30 in the morning.  He wasn't in his own
room.  Gladia wasn't with him.  He had been moved in his sleep;
which couldn't have happen unless he had been drugged.  Gladia's
body had seen to that as his mouth explored it.  Sam seemed to be
lying on the floor, or on some sort of low, cushioned platform
that elevated his head and outstretched arms.  His wrists and
ankles were locked in rubber-covered shackles of some sort, which
didn't hurt him.  The shackles were attached by a plastic-coated
cable to something, but the cables didn't restrict his movement
more than necessary to keep him from getting up.  He was scared,
and screamed out.  Lights in the room came on, and the door
opened.  A woman came into the room, in a uniform that looked
much like the one in the parking lot; but much more revealing. 
From his position, he could see under the miniskirt clearly; she
was wearing no panties and everything under the skirt was
exposed. 
  
A sign outside the door, that Sam saw before it closed, said
"Breaking Room 4", whatever that meant. 

Sam spoke up right away.  "You have no right to do this.  You,
young lady, are going to be in REAL..." 
  
The woman interrupted him, telling him to relax.  Obviously this 
kidnapping was intentional-- and from the looks of it, routine. 
"Be good, or bad", she said.  "It doesn't matter.  You will learn
what we will teach you, and you will obey.  Within a few days you
will not be able to help it." 
  
Sam started to speak, but was interrupted again before one word
left his mouth. 
  
"Do not speak," the woman said.  "Be quiet and I will explain. 
Interrupt me and you'll have to learn the hard way." 
  
Sam remained quiet.  The woman started reading off a list of
rules to him, that made an Army officer sound like Hugh Hefner in
comparison.  Basically, they all said the same thing-- that he
must obey her-- regardless of what she asked-- and all the women
he might encounter, to a lesser degree. 
  
Sam still didn't say anything.  She obviously wouldn't let him go
based on just what he might say to her; besides, being naked in
room with a female with no panties-- who was circling him,
inspecting-- held promise for some fun.  So, he'd go along with
it. 
  
The woman pressed a switch on the wall, which reeled in the
cables a bit.  They now kept Sam from moving much at all.  Then,
she walked over to him, towering over him. "I'm happy to see
you're so cooperative-- it's a good start.  But it has to be for
real." 
   
With that, she got on her knees, straddling his head.  He was
immersed in the warm scent of her pussy, just inches away and
filling his field of view.  The woman ran her fingers through her
pubic hair, then ran her hands over her hips, then once again
next to her pussy, as she began to concentrate.  She leaned
forward, put her hands next to Sam's sides, and her pussy
relaxed, the lips parting to Sam's eyes. Sam strained his tongue
to reach her hotness, but she was only millimeters too far away. 
  
Finally, a tiny slit near her vagina was coaxed into opening.  A
warm drop of urine fell from it.  A warm, inviting pussy just
inches from Sam's face suddenly turned hostile, as the woman
started to pee, spraying him thoroughly.  Sam screamed, and as he
opened his mouth to do so, the yellow fluid entered it, making
him cough.  He was being thoroughly defiled by the body of a
female.  This weapon continued to do its work for an interminably
long time, it seemed, until Sam was quite wet.  When she finally
emptied her bladder and stepped away from Sam, his mouth fell
open in horror and disbelief. 
  
The woman spoke to him as she stood up.  "You know, Sam, that a 
single experience like this can change your life.  And we can do 
things like this as many times as it takes." 
  
Sam couldn't answer.  His mind was in turmoil.  He knew that she
was probably right.  But he might resist.  Would that just make
it worse? 
  
Strangely enough, the experience had somehow excited him.  The 
proximity to her body, to the bare flesh, was exciting his
instincts, bypassing all reason.  He felt terrible about what she
had done to him; yet, somehow, she had an peculiar
attractiveness. 
  
She walked around, straddling his hips, facing him and looking
down at him.  In a smooth, swift move she squatted down, and
guided Sam's erect penis between her bowels, and into her relaxed
anus.  Sam felt the tip of his penis touch her flesh and was
instantly excited, forgetting all about what happened before. 
She lowered herself, taking him into her anus.  Suddenly,
everything seemed better.  He would achieve sexual release and
everything would be fine.  The world was always so much better
after orgasm. 
  
Orgasm, of course, wasn't on the agenda.  As Sam instinctively 
responded to his trainer's body, she told him not to move a
muscle. 
  
"If you move just a bit, I'll feel it.  It might even hurt me. 
And if that happens, I'd have no reason not to treat you to the
other half of my excretory system." 
  
This was not a threat to be taken lightly.  This girl has no 
inhibitions-- and she WOULD do it, if she can.  Her other bodily 
weapon was probably depleted, but he had not that confidence
about this one.  It took much concentration, but Sam remained
perfectly still, as the trainer remained where she was, with him
inside. 
  
She was smiling at him.  She had her knees drawn up, with her
feet on either side of Sam; he had a clear view of her pussy
under the miniskirt, which excited him. 
  
"A test of your willpower, Sam.  I'm not going to stay relaxed 
forever." 
  
With those words, Sam felt her tighten around him.  Her anus was 
closing, returning to its state of tonal contraction.  She
continued to smile at him. 

"I think you'll do well, Sam.  Don't fail me." 
  
The tightness quickly became painful-- to Sam alone, apparently. 
She sat, looking into his eyes, smiling, allowing the tightening
to continue. 
  
Sam was on the verge of screaming.  He twitched; and suddenly the
expression on her face changed; the tightness disappeared.  He
knew that muscles inside her body were prepared for action. 
  
Sam couldn't even breathe.  He froze, wide-eyed. 
  
With that, the trainer lifted herself from him slowly, and walked
over to his side.  "Congratulations, Sam.  You impressed me, and
lasted longer than many other subjects.  You will do quite well,
I'm sure.  Rest a while." 
  
She turned the lights down low, and left the room.  Sam was proud
of himself, happy that he had made her happy. 
  
Then he was confused.  He was doing what she wanted-- and happy
to do so.  This couldn't be allowed to happen.  He was supposed
to be outraged-- to be thinking just what he would say to the
authorities as soon as he figured out to get free.  But, for some
reason, such thoughts of revenge did not come easily. 
  
Over the rest of that day and the next, the trainer visited Sam
every few hours.  She clipped another restraining cable to him,
then unclipped the others to allow him to use the bathroom and
eat a small meal, which he did.  Other than that, he remained
secured to the platform on the floor.  She was decidedly more
civil with him now; but he was complying with her.  By the time
thoughts of resistance returned to him, she had certainly had
time enough to refill the golden weapon within her-- and he dared
not risk that again. 
  
The training now seemed more like repetitious drills.  She taught
him a number of capabilities, using positive and negative
reinforcement.  By uttering words to him while stroking his
penis, she soon was able to make an erection happen-- before
touching him-- and to make it disappear as easily.  He had never
had that control over his own body-- but now a perfect stranger
did.  After that, it was not long before he was taught to have
orgasm on command-- though somehow, the command "come" from a
master to a pet never had THAT meaning before.  These kinds of
things were practiced for days. 
  
It was obvious that she liked him more, now that he was per-
forming these tricks for her.  She was coming into more contact
with him now, teaching him to please her and how to treat the
parts of her body.  His body was becoming an extension of her
will. 
  
Next the trainer introduced another woman to him, who she
introduced as Kristine.  Kristine was new here, the trainer
explained as Kristine disrobed in front of him.  He was told that
Kristine was to be afforded all the obedience that Sam could
offer.  He was still restrained, and had little choice. 
  
Sam's first task was to bury his face between Kristine's legs,
and bring her to orgasm.  As he did this, the trainer told him
that he must swallow when she came.  Kristine was having a very
good time-- and was obviously not experienced in this obedience
training.  It was the best contact with female flesh that Sam had
since the first night at the camp.  Kristine came promptly, and
Sam discovered quickly why the swallowing orders were given--
Kristine discharged quite a bit of her juices in the process.  It
was sweet, and having this fluid inside him made Sam feel warm
inside. 
  
The next task didn't seem so pleasant.  The cables holding Sam's
legs and arms were loosened. 
  
"You will support Kristine's body," the trainer told him as she
helped Kristine into position.  Kristine squatted down over Sam,
propping herself against her legs, and Sam's cables were loosened
further so he could hold Kristine's legs.  His penis, which was
behind her and not near anything, did not become erect-- because
nobody had given him the order which allowed it.  This had been
part of the training. 
  
With Kristine comfortably positioned above Sam's abdomen, the
trainer continued. 
  
"This is your most crucial test, Sam.  I want you to prove your 
loyalty to Kristine and myself.  You no longer have the ability
to fail us, and I am confident, but we need proof." 
  
The trainer removed the bonds securing Sam.  For the first time
in five days, he was free-- at least if the outer door was
unlocked, which he didn't know.  Thoughts of escape fleeted
through his mind.  But with Kristine above him and her weight
partially on his legs and arms, any escape might send her
tumbling on top of him, giving the trainer time enough to lock
the door or something. 
  
"Kristine, are you comfortable?" 

"Yes", came the reply.  It didn't look as if Kristine knew what
came next. 
  
"Very well, Sam.  You are to allow Kristine to relieve herself
while holding her above you." 
  
Sam and Kristine both looked puzzled at first.  Then Kristine
smiled, just a bit.  But nothing happened. 
  
The trainer spoke.  "Sam, I will not tell you again.  You know
what I ask.  You will serve Kristine, and any other female,
willingly. in fact, I want you to ASK Kristine to proceed." 
  
Kristine looked into Sam's eyes, which made it more difficult for
him to continue stalling.  Obviously, Kristine knew what the
trainer wanted. 
  
A lump was in Sam's throat.  After so much silence, the words
were mousey and barely audible.   "pee..." 
  
The trainer looked impatient.  "Try again, Sam." 
  
This time, Sam did as he knew was wanted.  Asking that question
was the hardest thing yet for him.  Well, almost.  The hardest
was waiting for Kristine to respond-- many seconds spent
nervously watching Kristine's pussy, and then trying to tear his
gaze from it. 
  
Kristine, who apparently knew the rules of this game now, made
things worse.   "Well, I do have to...  But do you really want
that, Sam?" 
  
Sam looked down, avoiding her gaze.  "Yes, Kristine.  Please do."

After a few more tense seconds, Kristine answered in a neutral- 
sounding voice.  "Okay.  I'll try." 
  
With those words, Sam's eyes went back to her pussy, waiting for
it to start.  Another intolerable minute went by before Kristine
coaxed her body into action.  Once the golden stream began to
leave her body, she seemed very happy with the whole thing. 
  
After cleaning him up, the trainer left him alone, and still 
unshackled, with Kristine.  He had been broken, and no longer had
any spirit of resistance left within him.  Kristine asked him, in
a most polite way, to make love with her-- and he did so, using
all the abilities he had been taught.  One of Kristine's strong
points, her insatiable sexual appetite, was filled-- something
that Sam never would have been able to do before. 
  
Kristine explained to him, as she laid on top of his warm body, 
finally exhausted, that she would "keep" him, except that she had
much more to learn first.  She would remain here, learning the
techniques with which to teach newer recruits, until finally she
would have one of her own.  He would become the property of
someone else, someone who had completed the required tour of duty
within the camp. 
  
Not surprisingly, this other person was his trainer all along,
who finally introduced herself as Sarah as he dressed himself,
back in his initial room.  She kissed him, whispering into his
ears the word which made him grow erect and excited.  After
spending some time with Sarah, he would return home, pack up his
things, and then she would take him to live with her-- enslaved
all the time. 
  
After Sam had said goodbye to his friends at his old workplace
(Sarah would arrange work in her area, he was told), and was
checking his old apartment for anything he might have missed in
moving out, he came across the clipping which contained the ad
for the camp... 
  
   "The most unique, exciting experience you'll 
    ever have-- something you'll value for the 
    rest of your life.  Make new friends.  If 
    this sounds impossible-- it's not.  If you're 
    not completely happy, we'll gladly refund 
    your fee-- even after you've left-- GUARANTEED! 
    (But frankly, we don't think you'll need it!)" 
  
After staring ad the ad for what seemed like half an hour, he
realized that they had been right. 
                                                                
[end] 
