Copyright (c) 1997  Taka Hike.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
at mrdouble@airmail.net (Taka Hike).




TRUE STORIES!    THE CAMPING TRIP

By:   Taka Hike

A friend talked me into going camping with him one time when I was about 19.
I wasn't really into camping only 5 miles from the city, but decided to humor
Mr. Wilderness Adventure. Naturally we found ourselves among a campground of
families with kids and dogs and barbecues not much different from the
backyard we left behind. About five minutes after pitching the tent he fell
asleep which left me to scout around the place.

I decided that this place was tame enough that I didn't really have to stick
to the trails. I discovered a stream and followed it to see where it led.
After about half an hour of walking I had no idea where I was when I came to
a farm area that the stream passed through. I came over a little ridge and
stopped dead in my tracks. I heard footsteps.  I listened close and now I
heard a girl crying too. Voices carry well across open land and I could see
two figures in the distance heading towards some kind of shack near a barn on
one of the farms. The larger figure seemed to be slapping the smaller one
around a bit as they walked. They entered the building together then I heard
a door creak and slam. I kept walking towards the shack and within a minute
I'd hopped the "No Trespassing" sign and was standing just outside. I
cautiously peered through a small crack between two boards in the wall to see
a man standing over a teenage girl about 15. She looked to be Mexican and at
first I couldn't see the man's face, but I guessed that it was probably a
father punishing his daughter. I was about to walk away when I caught a
glimpse of the man's head with a black ski mask over the face!  Then I saw
him tie her up to a post with her arms behind her back and a gag in her
mouth. He turned off the light and left the shack slamming the door behind
him. This was weird!  He walked back towards the house and as he stepped up
on the porch he took off the ski mask as he went inside. My curiosity got the
better of me and I crept up to the house around the side. I listened outside
below a window and heard the same voice talking again. Someone else inside
turned on another light and then I heard water running. Now I couldn't hear a
thing over the damned water so I moved around to the front. Suddenly there
was a scuffle of footsteps then quiet. I ducked into the shadows and as my
eyes adjusted to the dark I saw a figure in one of the windows just in front
of me. SHIT!  My heart skipped about ten beats when I realized I was now face
to face with a man holding a rifle pointed at me!

"What you want?" he growled out in a mid western drawl.
"I was hiking and I got lost! Don't shoot! I'm just trying to find a phone!",
I pleaded.
There was a delay as he thought about it and eyed me over. He wasn't buying
it. "Folks that wants to use the phone usually come up to the front door.
They don't snoop around in the bushes. Come on inside here boy!" he called
out and swung the side door open. I stepped forward slowly telling him the
truth about how I'd been hiking and I heard a girl crying.
He seemed calm which was a relief. "Mmm hmm...I suppose you're wondering why
I'd done that. I don't blame you none I guess. I reckon I might have done the
same thing in your place.", he said as he set his rifle down. I slowly
recovered from the shock as he told me a complicated story about this girl
that had said that his son had raped her but the police didn't arrest his son
because they knew the kid was retarded and not interest in girls. Then
something about her father that lives on the farm next door having stolen two
of his cows that were sick. It was a soap opera that didn't make any sense to
me but somehow the bottom line was that he wanted to scare her so she didn't
come around any more. He looked at me again saying, "I got an idea. You look
like a strapping boy..." he was now acting like some long lost grandfather
that had a present for me, "How about you helping me, and I'll help you?" he
asked being as friendly as he could. "See, I left her out there. I was going
to let her go in the morning but now I'm thinking it would be better if she
thought it was someone else here that tied her up like that. You could put on
my mask and hold her while I skedaddle to the Bullshead Bar. Plus...", he
suddenly lowered his voice and kept one eye on the kitchen door to make sure
no one else heard this part of his plan, "you could go out there and help
yourself to a nice piece, huh?!"
"Help myself to what?", I couldn't believe what I thought he was implying.
"That's some nice girl meat strung up in the shed!  She's got a set on her
that's pretty as a picture! Yes, sir!", he chuckled to himself.

I was starting to feel butterflies in my stomach. Maybe it was the rifle he'd
aimed at me earlier, or maybe it was in anticipation of what was going to
happen. He told me to keep her tied up until around ten so that everyone
would have time to get away and establish an alibi at their local bar. I was
dreading the walk I was going to have to make back to the campsite, but like
any teenage boy there was no higher priority than free sex. He told me to go
get started while he locked up and reminded me to keep an eye on the clock
for ten.
As I headed to the barn with the ski mask on I turned back one last time to
see the lights in his house going off one by one. I cracked open the door of
the shack by the barn and turned the light switch on. The light was such a
dim orange glow that you couldn't read a newspaper headline by it. I
approached her and she twisted around as if struggling to get free. She was
gagged but obviously trying to speak into the cloth in her mouth. My stomach
was really churning up a storm as I brazenly extended my hand to her left
breast and squeezed it through her dress and bra. The old guy wasn't kidding.
She had nice full tits. Now she was really shaking and I didn't want this to
be too scary  for such a pretty girl. "I'm not going to hurt you." I told her
in a serious tone," and I promise that I'll let you go in just one hour at
ten o'clock. Do you understand?" I showed her my watch and pointed to the
dial. She nodded yes. I stepped up to her and held her trembling cold body
against me. She was still shaking and I ran my hands down her back and cupped
her soft ass cheeks in my palms. I lifted and squeezed them gently and I
thought I heard her breathe deeply as though she enjoyed it.
I stepped behind her and breathed warm air on her neck as my hands came up
from around her front and cupped her breasts through her dress. With one
breast in each palm, I bounced them gently to revel in their size and weight.
My fingers applied pressure along the underside of each breast and I marveled
at their supple rubbery pliancy. I began to think that it was almost obscene
the way this little girl was forced by nature to walk around with two giant
projections swaying in front of her. I pushed the straps of her dress off her
shoulders to have a better look at the incredible bra that was keeping her
bust squeezed into it's shape of two perfectly swollen cones. I pulled the
tag out and squinted in the dim light to read that it came from Fredericks and
 was a size 34DD. I think I said something like "Geez Louise you're stacked!"
My dick was throbbing so hard that I was starting to feel light headed. This
was a sensation I'd never experienced before. I came back around in front of
her again and saw her face turned away and blushing.  I felt like one of
those 15th Century explorers about to plant my flag in some new land. My dick
was really poking out of the front of my pants even and when I hugged her
again I bent slightly at the knee so my flag could nuzzle against her
promised land, sending wonderful electric shocks through both of us. Well, at
least me!  She turned her head and faced me. She seemed to be afraid and was
trying to speak but I still couldn't hear her through the gag.  I assumed she
was scared I was going to rape her and I returned to exploring her body.
I took hold of white bra material at the tip of each breast along with the
nipple inside and started pulling her knobs. I looked her in the eye as I
gave each breast an extra hard tug. Her breasts were now stretched out in a
straight line from her torso and the elastic band that normally rode just
under each breast was no longer touching her skin.  Amazingly she didn't seem
to be in pain so much as she looked worried. I let go and felt my dick twitch
half a dozen times as I watched her beautiful knobs bounce on her small frame
back to the original positions dictated by their stiff fabric restraints. I
peeled down each cup to reveal two silver dollar size nipples and I
immediately clamped my mouth to her right breast and began pressing my tongue
into her pebbly areola and sucking the sweet golden breast flesh like the
forbidden fruit that it was. The realization this was a child of just 14 made
me break my suction to look into her eyes again. She was very young and cute
as any girl could be. I felt compelled to speak on behalf of high school boys
everywhere that would never have the chance, "you know that any boy in your
school would give his left nut to do this to you", and I seized each of her ar
eola between my thumb and index fingers and pulled her breasts around in
small circles by their tips. Her eyes were now shut and she was repeating
something into the cloth gag. I let go of one tit with my right hand and
hiked her dress up. Then I ran my fingertips across her smooth flat belly to
find the waistband of her panties and snaked my fingers into her cotton
underwear to find a very sticky bush. Either she had her period or she was
creaming her panties. It was hard to tell in the dim light. I thought it
might be exciting to hear what she had to say as I played with her pussy
against her will, so my right hand slowly began to masturbate her and I
fumbled with the gag with my other hand.  Her breathing seemed to be getting
deeper which I took as a sign that she was probably enjoying the sensation.
 I began masturbating her in earnest and her breathing became even more
heavy. When I managed to get the gag off of her she finally made clear what I
couldn't hear with the gag, "Hurry up!!!"
"Hurry up?", I asked perplexed.
"Fuck me if that's what you're going to do. That bastard's going to come back
here. Stick it in already!" she panted.
I didn't want to ruin this with a lot of talk. This beautiful girl-child was
tied up and begging me to fuck her quick. This was before AIDS, so I had
nothing to fear as I yanked her panties down to her ankles and finally
unzipped myself to immense relief. Despite her being incredibly tight, she
was also incredibly wet and I went all the way in on the first push. She was
still tied up and looked sexy as hell with her tits jiggling out of her bra
franticly demanding that I "cum fast! - hurry! - fuck me!". After just three
strokes I had to stop because I was on the verge of following her orders a
little too well. I used the pause to untie her arms. But the second I did she
started trying to break free and escape! 
She pleaded, "No!  Let me go!  He'll be back any second! You had your
chance!"
"Like Hell I did!", I decided that she wasn't going to prick tease me with
some bullshit about him coming back early. But to play it safe I decided to
cut to the chase, so I grabbed her ass and held her against me then headed
for the floor. Her fists were beating against my back as I slammed it down
her wet rabbit hole for about 10 seconds before exploding in such a violent
blast that she stopped her noise and got all wide eyed at the strange
sensation she was feeling as the load of a lifetime rocketed into her belly.
I collapsed on top of her and nearly passed out from my depletion.
"He's not coming back until after ten." I weakly explained to her. Then I
hear something that made me feel like my adrenal gland had just exploded...it
was the sound of tires on gravel in the distance!!!
She cocked her head to one side to listen then looked straight at me with a
glazed look. "They're going to kill us.", she announced in a somber tone.
Then I heard car doors slamming. Wham. Wham. Wham. Wham.  Four doors?  What
the hell was going on?
"Run!!!" she yelled and struggled out from under me.
I jumped up and bolted for the door with her as fast as I could. That was the
last time I ever saw her.

I heard people in the distance breaking into a run as I hopped the barbwire
fence out, and with the good fortune of a full moon glinting off the stream
for me to follow I made it back to camp in about 5 minutes flat. My adrenalin
was pumping so hard that all I could hear was the thundering rush of blood in
my ears with every heartbeat. When I found my friend I convinced him to split
immediately.

Naturally that night I told him everything that had happened and I began to
realize how strange it was that she had known I wasn't the guy that had tied
her up, and how she knew that the guy that HAD tied her up would be back to
kill us. A month later a couple of friends went with me back along that
stream and we did find the farmhouse and the barn but no shack. As we got
close enough I got shivers looking at a concrete foundation where the shack
had stood. Nobody wanted to go asking questions there or involve the police
in a case that could only end up with them putting me away for statutory rape
at least.

So far my best theory is that the old guy that had tied the girl up was a
neighbor she recognized despite his mask. She knew I was not him despite our
similar builds and the mask because she knew him so well. He was probably a
neighbor that had broken into the farmhouse when he knew the residents were
away. Maybe he was the crazy neighbor stealing the cows in his own story.
This girl was a friend of the actual residents and passing by she saw the
lights on. She comes to welcome them back and finds it's not them. He
disguises himself (he thinks) and ties her up while he thinks of how to get
away. I come along and he realizes that I'm not from around there and decides
to use me as a scape goat. He tells me to go fuck her and returns early with
several witnesses. Then he opens fire in the dim light killing not only me
but the 14 year old neighbor girl I was raping. He didn't know anyone else
was in there with me until it was too late. The only thing that troubles me
about this theory is that it leaves me rather amazed that a 14 year old girl
could deduce all of this while she's tied up in the dark, then being used as
a sex toy. Was she THAT cool under fire, or is there some other explanation?

--




















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....