Archive-name: Bondage/campus2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Campus Dream Part 1 and 2


Brian walked into his fifth Statistics class in three years and
looked around for the best seat for that semester. Not many people were
there, but he took a moment to say Hi to the ones he knew. 

Middle left was the best seat. Not in the front, center of
attention, not in the back with greater chances to snooze, and not
right by the windows, with annoying sunlight and cold drafts. 

He started to put his books down on a table when he was
interrupted by a delightfully feminine voice.

"Oooh, darn, I was hoping to get the wall seat. Could we
switch?" Brian looked up and drank in the person addressing him. He had
never seen her before and he knew he would have remembered someone that
pretty.

She was tall, close Brian's 5'10", and slender. She wore a
Swimming Team sweatshirt that explained her well toned legs and defined
her breasts to be large enough to get Brian's fingers itching. Her hair
was light brown and her eyes a pale green. A little makeup for the
proper illusions and Brian felt like he was looking at a goddess.

Statistics does train the mind to think well, and Brian was
able to absorb all those thoughts without staring gape-mouthed at her.

"Sure, no problem." He moved out of the seat and waited for her
to sit down. Then he took the seat next to her.

"I've never seen you in the statistics department. Are you new
to the university?" She smiled and nodded.

"Yes, I just transferred last month. I'm Tracy." Brian returned
the introduction.

"And if you need any help navigating this campus, just let me
know. I work a couple hours a week in the Statistics & Math Office.

Brian's effort was cut short by the start of class and neither
one of them had the chance to chit-chat during the lecture. Brian left
her with a see-you-tomorrow and kicked himself as she smiled and walked
down the hall. With these things, sometimes you had to strike while the
iron was hot and he had just dropped it sooner than he wanted to. That
is until she tapped him on the shoulder.

"Brian, could you show me how to get to the athletic hall from
here, I've got a practice with the Swim Team in half an hour." Brian
thanked the Lord and promised not to screw up again.

They walked and talked across the spring-warmed campus. Tracy
was a Computer Science student in her fourth year, and was trying to
make the cut on the swim-team. She was rooming off campus with Emily, a
very close friend. Brian tried to charm her with wit and didn't do too
badly. He dropped her off at the athletic hall and then snuck in to
watch the practice.

Brian waited for about 20 minutes before some of the women
began to come out for warm-ups. He hadn't realized what nice figures
swimming could give to a woman. Then he spotted Tracy. She was grouped
with a couple others and they appeared to be the ones hoping to try out
for the team. 

Tracy was beautiful. She walked like a lioness, her long legs
gliding through the air with visible power. Brian felt his crotch start
to wake up when she turned away from him and adjusted the back of her
one-piece bathing suit. Brian wished he could slip a finger under that
lycra.

She started joking with some of the swimmers already in the
water about how cold it was, and, of course, one flipped her with
water. She sucked in her breath when the water caught her in the
chest. Brian almost groaned as he saw her nipples harden instantly and
poke at the material. Tracy was embarrassed and folded her arms in front
of her and walked away casually, hoping no one would notice.

The swimming coach walked out right then and called the
practice to order. She was probably about 35 years old and was giving
nothing away about her figure in her loose sweats.

Brian watched the practice and enjoyed the lithe forms knifing
through the water. When it started to wrap up, he realized that he was
15 minutes late to the Stats office. He started to gather his books, 
and watched the women exit the pool. The coach called Tracy over as the
rest were leaving.

Brian couldn't hear what was said, but the length of time that
the coach's hand laid on Tracy's firm ass was unmistakeable. Tracy
seemed to nod and walked towards the locker room.

This shocked and intrigued him. He waited until the swimmers
and the coach had all gone to the locker room and he looked around. The
pool room was deserted. He could see the coach in her office, pacing a
bit, shuffling papers in no particular order. Brian decided that he
could survive missing an hour at the Stats office, so he sat there.

After about 15 minutes, the coach left her office to head into
the locker room. Brian tucked his books and jacket into a shadowy
corner of the bleachers and snuck down to the women's locker room
door.

There were no sounds from inside so he pushed the swinging door
open and headed inside. It didn't take him long to find the showers and
the locker area and seconds later he found them.

Tracy was laid back on a bench, her heels pulled up against her
ass. Her hands were caressing her breasts and pinching her nipples. The
coach had her back to Brian and was kneeling at the end of the bench, 
her face buried in Tracy's pussy. The coach had stripped to a swimsuit
of her own, and Brian found quite attractive in her own right. He was
about to pull back out of sight when Tracy caught his eye and licked
her lips at him in a slow and sensual motion. 

Brian was stunned. He couldn't move. He could just stand there
watching this girl he'd just met be licked to orgasm by another woman. 
His cock wasn't stunned as it bulged his slacks out quite noticeable. 
After a few moments, Tracy looked down at his cock-bulge and her eyes
grew wide in exaggerated awe. She smiled at him again and began to suck
her thumb like it was a miniature cock.

Brian watched as she eventually got hot enough to forget him
and she started moaning. The coach was stroking her legs as she licked
Tracy's cunt. It didn't take long before Tracy began to cry out in
orgasm, her legs opening and closing around her lover's head.

As the two women cooled down, Brian snuck to the far side of
the locker room and watched from around another row of lockers.

Tracy sat up and they embraced intimately, kissing each other, 
sharing Tracy's pussy juices. The coach leaned back.

"Will you kiss me now?" She certainly didn't seem like the one
in control of the situation.

Tracy kissed her lips and leaned back.

"I think I'll just have to wait until the new swim team
roster... cums... out." The coach was already rubbing her crotch as she
got up to leave, looking as depressed as a guy sent home from an
evening of petting with his girlfriend.

After a few moments, Tracy turned around and walked toward
Brian, her breasts bouncing slightly, her nipples still erect and a
horny smile still on her lips.

"I think you should come home with me, Brian. I need some help
around the house." She smiled as she ran her hands up and down his
body.

She knelt before him and deftly unzipped his slacks. A quick
movement with his briefs and his cock hung in the air between him, 8
inches of throbbing meat. She opened her mouth and slowly sucked in his
entire length. Brian was almost gasping in pleasure.

She moved her mouth off of his cock and tucked it back into his
briefs. She then stretched his slacks until they closed around the
engorged cock. Brian was caught off-guard. This never happened in any
of the Penthouse Letters.

"We'd better save that for later. Nice taste though." She began
to dress and Brian noticed that she wore no bra under her sweatshirt
and no panties beneath her skirt. Some shoes and her bookbag and she
was ready to go.

Brian nearly forgot his books and jacket, but he knew there
would be no more classes for him tonight. At least, no more
college-accredited classes...

As per popular request, here is part two. My offer still stands for
female readers (see end of story)...


	The walk back across campus to Tracy's apartment was strangely
arousing and calming.  A few minutes out of the Athletic Hall and
Brian's cock sank back enough for him to stop attracting surprised
looks from passersby.
	They didn't talk.  Tracy just smiled and licked her lips when
he tried to say anything.
	Tracy's apartment was small, though not unusual for the area.  
She dropped her books on the small sofa on top of other clutter and
didn't lose a step as she headed down the short hallway.  Brian
scrambled out of his jacket and left it with his own books, piled
neatly at the foot of the sofa.
	Tracy popped back out of the last door in the hallway with a
disapproving look.  Brian hurried after her.
	He entered a bedroom and took a quick glance around.  There
were the feminine mainstays (stuffed animals, ruffles on the
bedspread, packed closet), but something disrupted the feminine spell. 
Brian couldn't put his finger on it before she regained his full
attention.
	"My house, my rules, no exceptions, agreed?" Brian nodded, 
politely. 
	"Undress me." Brian smiled with anticipation.  He walked up to
her, feeling his cock slide against the tight material of his slacks. 
He caught the under-edge of her sweatshirt and slid his hands
underneath it.  Her skin was on fire and he felt her nipples poke out
into his palms as he grasped her breasts.  She shuddered and her breath
let out in a long low moan.
	Brian slid his hands around her back, caressing the length of
her smooth skin.  She draped her arms around his shoulders in a natural
motion as her head moved back and her eyes closed.  Her right leg began
to move to the outside of his left leg, giving movement to her animal
desires.  She moaned again as Brian returned to caressing her breasts. 
This intimate embrace was not long lived, however.
	"I said, undress me Brian!" She said as she stepped back one
step.  Brian paused, shaken by her severe look, but quickly moved to
obey.  He grasped the bottom of her sweatshirt and drew it over her
head, releasing her lucious breasts to the cool air of her room.  Her
nipples were still hard and erect and she pinched them as she shifted
from leg to leg.
	Brian knelt before her and grasped her skirt.  Drawing it
down, he saw her left hand snake to her bush and begin to rub it.  Soon
a finger, and then two slipped inside her cunt and she began to breathe
deeper with a harsher movement.  Brian waited patiently, her golden
pussy mere inches from his eager tongue.
	After a full minute of this, Tracy was breathing quite
rapidly, her right hand working her breasts roughly. She kept looking
at her audience before her.  She then walked, somewhat unsteadily, to a
dresser drawer and retrieved a long black dildo (complete with
scrotum and balls).
	"Stand at the foot of my bed and undress."  She crawled on to
the bed herself and sat with her back to her headboard. The bed itself
was an impressive piece with four posts and ornate carved head and foot
boards.  She sat back against some propped up pillows and began to
liesurely fuck herself with the dildo.  Brian could see it was already
covered in her glistening juices.  He began to undress.  Tracy smiled
and kept a steady rhythm.
	Off came his shirt, then slacks.  His cock bulged out eagerly
in his cotton briefs.  He pulled off both shoes and socks, leaving his
underwear for the 'finale'.  He pulled them down slowly and then let
them drop to his side.  His cock was nearly hid from her view by the
footboard.
	She nodded, satisfied.
	"Grasp the tops of the posts." He looked up and grabbed each
post about four inches below the top. He wondered what sort of game she
was playing, but looking at her sweet body and remembering how her
mouth felt on his cock gave him all the incentive he needed to follow
her every command.
	Tracy stood on the bed, removing the dildo from her dripping
pussy. She walked to his end and shoved the cock about two inches into
his mouth.
	"Hold that for me." Brian didn't move, shocked by the hot, 
pussy-smelling plastic on his tongue.  She reached up to each post and
lashed his wrists to the wood. Brian started to protest, the vision of
her pussy inches from his face couldn't overcome all his
apprehensions. Tracy just turned back to him and pushed the dildo in
further, until it hit the back of his throat. Brian felt his lips
stretched around its thickness.  Well, he'd always secretly wondered
what sucking on a cock felt like, purely intellectually, of course. He
could feel the ridges on his tongue and the helmet of the head further
back.
	Tracy hopped off the bed and walked behind him.  Her hand
reached around him, brushing his cock and making him moan through the
dildo.  She pushed on part of the footboard and a knot of wood fell
out, about an inch and a half in diameter.  Within a second, Tracy had
grabbed Brian's cock and guided it through that hole.
	She returned to the bedtop and reached between the bed and the
footboard, retrieving a strip of leather which she tied around his
cock, trapping him against the footboard.
	Brian nearly cried out as his cock swelled even more at his
delicious predicament, causing the leather to bind even more tightly. 
	Tracy stood in front of him and took the outer end of the dildo
in one hand, his head in her other. She began to move it in and out, 
fucking his mouth.
	"Come on, Brian. I know you're a good cock-sucker. Just give it
a try." She cooed at him like a mother to her baby. "Close your eyes. 
Let your imagination go. Imagine the sexiest guy you know. You've
finally gotten to suck his cock."
	Brian was confused, and his sheer arousal didn't having him
thinking straight, but he started to obey her words.  He licked and
sucked at the cock, trying to stimulate it and draw it deeper into his
mouth.
	"That's it, baby. I knew you were good at this." She kept the
dildo pumping in and out of his mouth, urging his head forward to meet
her strokes. Soon she didn't have to do that and she let her free hand
drop to the balls of the dildo.
	"Oh, yea, Brian. You suck me so good.  It feels great.  Suck me
harder." Without opening his eyes, Brian tried harder, his tongue
speeding up against the skin of the dildo. She began to fuck his mouth
harder and harder, faster and faster. Brian was bucking a little
against the footboard but the leather wouldn't let him get any
release.
	"Here's your reward." Brian's eyes flew open as the spunk hit
his throat. Instinctively, he began to swallow as he watched Tracy pump
it out from the dildo's balls.  It was hot and salty, and he tried to
suck the dildo dry. Tracy let him work it with his mouth awhile after
she stopped pumping, and then she removed it.
	"Now, fair is fair, Brian. Time to fill her up for the next
cock-sucker." She knelt by his cock and opened the back of the dildo. 
She slid it snugly around his cock head and she began to pump him. 
Within seconds, Brian panted out his need to come. Tracy untied the
thong and his orgasm hit him like a freight train, his cock jerking in
her hand and his spunk streaming into the dildo.
	Tracy watched for about five seconds and then began to coax
more and more come out his heaving cock, massaging his balls, stroking
his cock and even reaching around to poke a fingertip into his
asshole. That last maneuver garnered her another load and she smiled
knowingly.
	She sealed the dildo, and put it carefully away. Next she took
his clothes and walked out of the room. Brian looked around nervously.
	Tracy returned quickly and rubbed herself against his buttocks
and legs, running her hands through the hair on his body. She soon
worked herself up to an animal moan. She got back on the bed and stood
in front of Brian.
	"You'd better eat pussy as well as you suck cock!"  Brian was
eager to get back to familiar ground and he moved his head between her
legs.
	The heat from her pussy and thighs warmed his face as he began
to nuzzle her dewy blonde fur. He licked and kissed around her pussy
hair and as far along her thighs as his bondage would allow.
	Tracy made somewhat indescribable approving noises as she let
her hands rest on his hair, sometimes guiding his soft tongue, 
sometimes following.
	He finally ventured between her pussy lips and a gasp escaped
her lips.  Brian had taken intense instruction in the art of
pussy-licking from two of his former girlfriends, and he felt pleased
he could show it off to this strange and wonderful sexual goddess.
	The previous hour of playtime caught up with her quickly and he
felt her moving up and down against his face, louder and louder moans
flying into the bedroom. He probed deep into her and snuck the tip of
his tongue up to her clit. Then a little teeth nibble on it and she
came. 
	Her short-breathed shouts of joy were wonderful to his ears as
he suckled her clit and felt her juices against his chin. She ran her
hands through his hair as her cum took its course.
	After what seemed like minutes, she pulled away from him. She
lay back on the bed and touched her pussy tenderly.
	"Well, Brian, you've been quite the naughty one today, sneaking
in on my business affairs like that.  There are two punishments I am
considering and you may have the choice."
	"First, you may leave my apartment and my life, and I will
never acknowledge you existence again." Brian couldn't believe her
words. After the world she was showing him, how could he give her up? 
It had to be the other choice.
	"Or secondly, you may try to earn my affections by service to
me and my roommate, Jessica. You must be here at all times we designate
and service our every need. Every instruction must be followed exactly
or punishment will follow. Severe disobedience will earn you banishment
from life forever." Brian was caught. Should he walk away from her or
take an irrevocable step into her world, no matter how bizarre it may
become?

--
