Camping Story  (c) 1994 E. W. L.
Written in January/February 1994 by Anonymous

***************************************************************************

     "Shit!" Tom yelled, ramming both of his fists defiantly on the
steering wheel of his '87 Nissan Sentra. "This fuckin' car gives me 
nothing but shit."

     Tom's two buddies, Jason and Bill, tried to pretend they couldn't 
hear him. They had so many other wonderful things to pay attention to:  
the beautiful pavement stretching for miles ahead of them and behind 
them as they sat still on the road; the searing rays of the noontime 
August sun; the intriguing patterns of bitter, burning sweat lines 
running down each other's faces... yeah right. This was NOT turning out 
to be a good trip. And Tom's vicious temper was starting to show, which 
didn't help to defuse their problem.

     "I just had those fucking brakes replaced last month. What the hell 
is wrong with them?" Tom's green eyes glistened with anger as he bashed 
the driver door open with his powerful left arm. Jason, in the front 
seat, chanced a quick look into the back, where Bill just shrugged. When 
the door opened, a sadistically hot breeze whipped around the inside of 
the car, scooping up crumpled gum wrappers and torn magazine pages and 
teasing the bare, hairy legs of the three young men who dared to be 
there. Perhaps even the wind felt threatened in Tom's domineering 
presence. Jason sometimes did.

     Bill sighed and climbed out of the back seat to see what was wrong 
this time. Tom was leaning over to check under the car by the time Bill 
and his glossy blonde hair stepped into the sun. He heard Tom mumble 
something about "those fuckin stupid mechanics," and he decided he would 
wait a moment to look for himself. Tom laid down on his back and 
wriggled his butt around on the pavement, attempting to get further 
under the car. Bill tried not to look.

     This was the fourth time today they were stopped because of car 
trouble. Already, they were a couple hours late getting to their 
campsite. Bill looked ahead to the mountains that, at the moment, 
appeared to be snickering at Tom's car. Up there, he knew he would be 
able to relax and get rid of the stress from his new job. All summer, he 
had been taking jobs and leaving them; this one was too boring, that one 
was too menial, the other one required too much thought... However, this 
time, he felt like he'd really found the right job for him. The pay was 
great, and he didn't even have to work very hard. Any stress at all just 
ended up eating at him eventually, so this weekend was going to be very 
refreshing, he could feel it...

     Tom climbed out from under the car, rearranging his onion-skin 
shorts so they hung more comfortably on his well-defined hips. "I am 
never going back to that garage again," he said. "Those idiots couldn't 
even tighten the new brakes up right! That wheel locked up tighter than 
a sonofabitch. Hey Jason, get my tools, will ya?" He wiped the sweat 
from his brow with a dark-haired forearm and leaned on the fender, his 
firm ass making a slight indentation in the thin metal.

     The passenger door protested as Jason pushed it open. Another blast 
of hot wind greeted this newcomer to the outside world by tousling his 
thick brown hair. He squinted in the bright sun, his hazel eyes 
adjusting slowly to the outside light. He walked around to the trunk and 
unstrapped the bunjee cord that held in the three huge sleeping bags. 
After digging through the duffels and unfolded clothes haphazardly piled 
in true guy fashion, he found a small box of mismatched tools, which he 
brought to Tom. Tom muttered a quick "thanks" and went to work. Bill 
helped him by jacking up the wheel, while Tom loosened the lug nuts. 
Jason just watched, his interest switching between the odd birds darting 
around to the huge fluffy clouds carelessly floating overhead. He 
thoughtfully scratched at his new mustache, subconsciously drawing 
attention to himself. Bill was watching, admiring Jason's smooth 
features and lightly freckled face. When Jason realized he was being 
stared at, he looked in Bill's direction. Bill quickly turned away, and 
watched as Tom removed the wheel from the car.

     "Looks like it's not too bad," Tom said, a tinge of anger still on 
the edge of his voice. The brake caliper was twisted a little, but he 
just gave it a good whack and tightened the bolts back up. The muscle 
mass in his arms, shoulders, and chest helped to make the work quick and 
easy. Bill took the tools back to the trunk, while Tom and Jason got 
back in the car and buckled up. Bill took his shirt off before he shut 
the door, revealing a hefty set of pecs. Bill didn't know it, but 
Jason's mouth watered just a little.

     Tom turned the radio up as loud as he could, trying to keep the 
speakers from buzzing and vibrating too much. Jason had brought his 
Fleetwood Mac CD, the group they all agreed was the only one worth 
listening to. Bill chuckled, thinking that the most valuable part of the 
car was the CD player, a two-year-old gift from Tom's roommate Mark. Too 
bad Mark was in jail now; he was such a cool guy.

     Finally the trees started getting thicker along the sides of the 
road. Stone walls trimmed the edges of patchwork fields, trying to 
contain the overproducing, bushy green cornstalks that spread out for 
acres in many directions. After a while, the fields started getting 
smaller, and the sun's cruelty was tempered by the heavy, mothering 
branches of the trees that crossed over their path.

     Jason grinned, thinking how cool it was that the three of them were 
able to go on this camping trip alone for once. For years, their three 
families had made the trip together, which had never quite worked out to 
everyone's best interests. Tom's little sisters were always crawling 
into their tent. Their parents seemed to never have enough water from 
the brook nearby, so one of the guys had to leave their group to fetch 
some more. Bill's mother had an annoying habit of calling "group 
meetings," during which they talked about nothing important and got 
nothing accomplished. It was very frustrating for a group of three guys 
who wanted to spend some time alone together. Now, since they were all 
eighteen or over (Bill was nineteen), they could go alone. Finally, they 
were going to have fun.

     "You know what we could do?" Tom asked, his green eyes softer now 
with the anger gone. Jason thought they were much more attractive that 
way. "I am SO sick of going to the same old campsite every year. We know 
it by heart! Why don't we make a new one?"

     "Hey, sounds great!" Jason said. "That way, nobody could find us, 
either." He winked at Bill, who winked back and smiled.

     "That's it -- if Jason says it's a good idea, then we're going,"
Tom said, watching Bill's face in the rear view mirror. Bill pretended
to pout, "upset" because he was left out of the decision. He clasped his
hands behind his neck and stretched, his muscles rippling beneath his
uncharacteristically tan skin. Tom's heart beat faster as Bill's blonde
armpit hair fanned out in the wind that was gusting through the car
while they drove. Tom loved hair, but Bill didn't know that.

     The next road on the left was a narrow stagecoach road, probably a 
century old. Tall weeds grew profusely from the center, and short grass 
humbly poked up from the low wheel ruts. Tom drove carefully around the 
rocks and stumps that here and there broke the smoothness of the path. 
"There's our old campsite," he said, pointing down the slope to his 
left. The trees opened up into a sun-filled clearing, with a barbecue 
pit in the center and enough room for five tents in a circle around it. 
Bill was happy they were driving right by. Their weekend together 
deserved something better than that horrible clearing. Camping there, 
with no privacy, had been so... frustrating.

     The road went on and on. Jason put his arm out the window, grabbing 
at leaves on nearby branches as they drove by. He chuckled to himself, 
remembering how his father used to hate it when he did that. It was so 
pleasing to be on his own, to be his own master, to do as he willed. He 
had quite a few new "tasks" planned for this weekend. He was jarred out 
of his reverie by an exclamation from Bill:

     "WOW! Look at that WATER!" Tom stopped the car and the three guys 
clambered out to look at something they'd never actually seen before. 
Water from a wide stream crashed into a huge boulder, making a fine 
spray. The water that was left was pouring almost fifty feet down into a 
shallow pool the size of an average playground. Tom's eyes were coming 
out of his head as he imagined jumping into the cool, envigorating 
water. He had been sweating since he woke up that morning, and it was 
definitely time for a rinse. He looked at Bill, and saw that Bill was 
already heading off the path towards the pool. Jason wasn't far behind, 
practically skipping with relief and the joy of having found a way to 
get rid of their heat and sweat. "Hey, you assholes, wait for me!" Tom 
yelled after them, and he started running to catch up.

     By the time he got to the water's edge, Bill was already in up to 
his waist. The sand was coarse, but clean; the water was surprisingly 
clear. Jason had taken off his tank top and was anxiously heading for 
the pool. Tom grumbled, "Jesus Christ, guys, can't you wait just a 
second?" He tore off his shirt and made a loud splashing entry into the 
water as Bill came up for air.

     "It is SO awesome under there," Bill sputtered, wiping water from 
his eyes and his hair, now slicked back against his head. His blue eyes 
glistened with happiness. He was having a great time. "This water is so 
clear, you can see all of the rocks around the edges, and you can even 
see plants growing way over there," he said, pointing to the far side of 
the pool. By now, Tom was in up to the middle of his thighs and he was 
going deeper. "Be careful," Bill warned. "This water will make you 
horny."

     Tom snorted in contempt and dove under the water. Bill watched him 
swim forcefully but gracefully to the other side of the pool, and then 
back again in a relaxed side-to-side pattern as he checked the bottom 
for interesting souvenirs. He stood up about ten feet away from Bill. 
When he had cleared the water from his eyes, he saw that Bill was 
grinning at him. He was about to ask what was going on, when Jason came 
up to Tom from behind and jumped on his back, laughing. Even though 
Jason was an even six feet tall and weighed around 165 pounds, Tom 
hardly wobbled. He grabbed Jason's brown-haired legs and spun him around 
in a circle, letting him go flying on his back in front of Bill. Bill 
put out his arms and helped to ease Jason's fall into the water. Jason 
landed square on Bill's chest and knocked the both of them under. 
Frantically, Bill grasped for something solid so he could pull himself 
above water again... and his hand caught Jason's shorts and yanked them. 
He stood up in the water, spitting and coughing, and felt a sudden punch 
from Jason.

     "What the fuck is the idea, huh?" Jason yelled, giving Bill another 
one in the other arm. Bill was suddenly defensive, but he stopped when 
he saw Jason holding up a pair of torn shorts... Jason's shorts. Bill's 
mouth involuntarily fell open, and he looked down to find that Jason was 
standing in front of him with nothing on at all except the cool 
refreshing water. Jason's firm stare unexpectedly turned into a wide 
grin, and he threw the shorts onto a rock on the edge of the pool. "I 
was going to take them off anyway," he said, chuckling, and once again 
he went under.

     Tom's eyes were sparking with energy and impish intent as his hands 
went below the waterline, to return almost immediately with his shorts. 
Bill was dumbfounded. Tom waded over to Bill, the water obediently 
giving way to his commanding body as he looked Bill in the eyes. "You're 
right," Tom said. "This water does make you horny." Bill could only 
stare as the tip of Tom's penis broke the surface of the water. It was 
pulsating gently, making small waves as Tom stood still. Tom's hands 
came away from his side and moved slowly forward to Bill, and Bill 
didn't move. Tom touched the waist of Bill's shorts, but Bill was still 
quiet. His fiery crystal blue eyes were all that spoke; they burned 
lusty holes in Tom's skin and hair. The two men took a step closer 
together as Tom started to pull Bill's shorts down slowly. When Tom 
looked toward the water for the first time in an eternity of seconds, 
Bill's hands shot up to the sides of Tom's face and he held Tom still, 
kissing him passionately on his lips, his neck, his ear... Leaving 
Bill's shorts behind, Tom picked Bill up and carried him, their 
throbbing penises pressed together tightly, to the warm sand at the edge 
of the water. Bill was oblivious to their movement; he was totally 
absorbed in Tom's mouth, lovingly nibbling Tom's lips and wrestling with 
his tongue, practically squeaking with delight. He had never had so much 
fun before. So THIS is what they had been missing for all those years!

     Tom put Bill down on the sand. Bill relaxed, his arms and legs 
spread as if he were making a snow angel. Tom started as he heard a 
splash behind him. He turned to see Jason emerging from the water as if 
he were a new man, with a serious passionate expression and a very long, 
erect penis. Bill watched as the water dripped from the hair on Jason's 
chest down through his pubic hair, and made tantalizing rivers over his 
scrotum and down his legs. Tom stared, awestruck, as Jason made his way 
across the sand to where Bill was lying. He got on his knees over Bill, 
face to face with him, and kissed him tongue-first. Bill responded 
immediately by pulling his feet under himself and thrusting up into 
Jason's crotch, pressing their cocks together. Jason groaned in surprise 
and pleasure and they rolled together in the sand until they were back 
in the water. Tom approached them and watched as they thrashed around, 
grinding their bodies into each other, moaning and making strange sounds 
that he had never heard before. It was new to all of them... and it was 
certainly exciting.

     Bill broke away for a moment to catch his breath, and Tom took his 
opportunity to descend on Jason. As Jason was getting up on his knees, 
Tom was in front of him, looking Jason in the eyes. Jason had never seen 
that crazed look in Tom's eyes before, but he knew what it meant, 
because he was sure it was in his own eyes as well. He backed away from 
Tom, nervous but still willing, dragging his ass in the sand. He stopped 
moving and followed Tom's eyes down his own hairy chest and into his 
crotch, and he watched as Tom's head slowly moved toward his viciously 
throbbing penis. He had no idea what to expect... When Tom's lips grazed 
the head of his cock, he gasped and clutched at the sand, reeling and 
losing his balance, falling backward onto his side.

     Tom was quickly back into position, holding Jason's pounding meat
in his left hand, looking at it and admiring it and wondering what to do
next... but Jason knew what he wanted Tom to do. He moved onto his back
and pleadingly thrusted up at Tom's face, and Tom readily responded. He
grinned and took Jason into his mouth slowly and carefully, tasting and
sensing with his tongue, exploring the contours and ridges of Jason's
young cock. Jason's eyes fluttered and he mumbled something
unintelligible as Tom flicked his tongue here and there over him. Tom
started to suck on Jason's penis, gently at first but then harder and
harder, and Jason was again thrown into spasms of ecstasy. His legs were
quivering uselessly, forgotten extensions of a body focusing all its
attentions on a new pleasure. His hands grabbed big handfuls of Tom's
hair, and he pushed Tom's face down harder on his insatiable cock. Tom
worked Jason up and down, swirling his tongue and saliva around and
around, feeling with his tongue down the end of Jason's penis. Jason
groaned louder and louder with each movement.

     Bill came over to watch, crouching behind Tom so he could fondle
Tom's balls and feel Tom's muscles as they rippled like those of a
pouncing cat. He was fascinated with the way Jason responded to Tom's
every move and noise. His own erection became unbearably hard, and he
noticed a drop of sticky precum oozing out of the end of it. He went
over to Jason's face and as the sun was blocked from his eyes, Jason
opened them and looked up at Bill. He didn't see much, though, because
his eyes were glazed and distant, his breath was shallow and his lungs
were working overtime. Bill kissed Jason, tenderly at first but more
forcefully as Jason didn't resist. His lips tickled the end of Jason's
nose, his mustache, his ear, the hair on his chest, his nipples... but
then Jason started making noises that made Bill uneasy.

     His breathing suddenly became very uneven, and he started kicking
the sand, trying to lift higher and higher into Tom's throat. Tom
tightened his grip on Jason's ass and sucked more zealously, eager for
the climax and envigorated by the newness of the sensations he was
giving and receiving. The smells were fascinating to him, and the tastes
were powerful and distinct. He could feel Jason's penis swell every time
Jason contracted his muscles; he could tell by the tightening in Jason's
ass that the time was close. Bill watched in amazement and wonder as
Jason's face changed expression to show complete tension, his eyes
squeezed tightly shut; his mouth opening and closing, forming Tom's
name; his forehead furrowing and smoothing... and his breathing, the
gasping in and almost coughing out, was making Bill shake with
excitement. On one thrust into Tom's mouth, Jason didn't return to the
sand; he kept pushing higher, his head rolling from side to side and
soft grunts escaping from his throat. Tom's eyes widened as Jason's
semen hit the back of his mouth, but he kept his lips locked around
Jason's fighting penis until the end, when Jason let out a long sigh and
slowly returned to the sand. Tom's mouth was still closed, and Bill
could see that he was tasting and enjoying what Jason had given him. He
watched as Tom's throat moved when he swallowed, and he wiped his
grinning lips with the back of his hand. Not a drop escaped Tom's greedy
mouth. He bent down to finish Jason off, gently lapping all around the
head of his cock, checking to be sure he had every bit of semen, every
hint of fluid.  Jason was totally relaxed; his breathing had slowed, his
eyes were closed as if in sleep, and his arms and legs were limp on the
sand.  "Holy shit," he whispered, coughing quietly.

     Tom watched Jason for a moment, and then made eye contact with
Bill. Bill slowly stood up and took a step backward, suddenly unsure of
himself, not knowing what to do. His eyes widened as he noticed, for the
first time, how thick Tom's penis was. The spray from above, gone
unnoticed in the frenzy until now, was lightly falling, coating Tom's
suntanned skin with tiny droplets of water. The drops were building up
and forming little streams that ran through the hair on his chest, down
his navel, and past his throbbing and erect penis. The water dripped to
the ground from his muscled ass, making tiny splashes in the sand as Tom
squatted, looking at Bill with the same scary lust in his eyes with
which he had stared Jason down. He was like a lion that had killed its
first animal, and was intent on its second. Bill swallowed excitedly,
not knowing what was going to happen.  He blinked, and when he opened
his eyes, Tom was on his feet, running the few steps toward him. He
immediately turned and ran for the water...  but he wasn't quick enough.
Within a few more steps, Tom had grabbed his massive shoulders and
turned him around. They were both breathing hard and looking each other
in the eyes. Tom's green eyes were moist and still full of want, and
Bill's eyes were made of curiosity. He quickly absorbed Tom's features,
and wrapped his arms around Tom's shoulders as Tom started to kiss him.

     They dropped to their knees, their legs woven together, their
chests so tightly in contact that it almost hurt, as their mouths
wrestled and fought with each other. Bill tried to ease Tom over, but
Tom held his position, his hands racing wonderingly over Bill's taut
flesh. His fingers explored aromatic hair, warm skin, quivering muscle,
throbbing genitals... and as Tom searched for new pleasure, Bill allowed
himself to be probed, sensed, and felt. Tom broke away from Bill's mouth
and licked down his neck, following a line from his chin to his navel,
stopping teasingly at his nipples to softly bite them. Bill laughed
easily and quietly as Tom was heartily massaging his pecs, rubbing his
whole chest with his huge hands, tickling his abdomen.

     Bill looked down past his own painfully throbbing penis into the 
shadows between Tom's legs. In the relative darkness, he could see a 
drop of glistening fluid on the end of Tom's rigid shaft, waiting to be 
tasted and swallowed. Bill tried to prop himself up on his elbows, but 
Tom kept him down as he smothered himself in Bill's dense, heavily 
scented pubic hair. Bill squirmed as he felt Tom take one of his balls 
into his mouth, gently moving it around with his lips and tongue. A 
chill went up Bill's spine as Tom let him go and he was once again 
exposed to the relatively cool air.

     His toes tingled when he felt Tom's tongue wandering around his
scrotum and the base of his penis. He was getting mildly frustrated,
wanting Tom to just get it over with. Tom glanced up to see an annoyed
look on Bill's face as Bill tried to sit up. Tom smiled inside, thinking
he had planned it just right. He curled his tongue around the base of
Bill's angry red cock, saliva dripping from his open mouth onto the
quivering shaft, and he slowly dragged his tongue up to the head. The
twitching of his overanxious tongue as he caressed Bill's penis brought
Bill's tension almost to a peak. Tom watched the muscles in Bill's body
tightening as Bill tried to maneuver himself fully into Tom's mouth.
When Tom's tongue first touched the supersensitive head of Bill's cock,
Bill suffered the same fate as Jason. He writhed in ecstatic pleasure,
thrusting up and down and sideways, thrusting anywhere, just to get rid
of the massive rush of adrenalin in his body. Tom was having a difficult
time keeping up with Bill's spasms. To Tom's surprise, Bill accidentally
found Tom's mouth and drove himself into it. Tom choked and tried to
pull away, but he was too late. The sudden immense pleasure of ramming
his entire cock into someplace wet, smooth, and warm had brought Bill
the rest of the way to freedom. Bill's hands came out of nowhere to hold
Tom's head in position as he fucked Tom's mouth mercilessly, unloading
everything he had into Tom's receptive throat. Tom let himself be
controlled, drinking in the sensation of no longer being the powerful
one. He reveled in the complete warmth of being injected with Bill's
semen, tasting the physical proof of maturity from his second kill.
Grunts and moans escaped from Bill's smiling mouth as he finally
experienced the all-body wave of relaxation he knew from masturbation,
but this was so much more powerful, he wasn't prepared for it. His heart
thudded heavily in his chest as the rest of his body slowed down. His
hands eased their grip on Tom's hair, gratefully massaging Tom's head
and neck as Tom carefully released Bill's softening penis from his
mouth.

     Tom got up on his knees from lying in the sand, and he crawled
forward over Bill to watch his face. Bill smiled as he watched Tom's
beautiful green eyes, seeing the pleasure there, but also seeing Tom's
need for satisfaction. Tom's face descended without warning to connect
with Bill's, catching Bill completely off guard. Bill was shocked to
feel Tom's slimy lips binding against his own, surprised to receive an
extra load of saliva from Tom's mouth as their tongues entwined... but
then he realized what he was tasting, and he was reawakened sexually as
the knowledge that he wasn't eating saliva set off firecrackers in his
mind. He reopened his eyes as he felt a contained laugh from Tom's
chest, and he saw the sparkle in Tom's eyes. He was surprised at the
taste of his own semen, not knowing what he should have expected, but
certainly he was not expecting something so bitter and salty. He was
very pleased with Tom's prank.

     Bill closed his mouth, forcing Tom to break away. Tom pulled his
face up, focusing on Bill's eyes, just in time for Bill to see the
sudden change of expression in Tom's face. Tom's eyes opened wide and
his mouth was a cave, taking in a huge breath of moist air. Bill sat up
quickly, dragging his body from under Tom's, to see Jason on his knees
behind Tom with his face buried in Tom's ass. 'What the fuck is Jason
doing?' Bill thought to himself, wondering if he was seeing things
correctly. Tom went down on his elbows and rested his head on the
ground, his knees spreading in the sand, making furrows where his
kneecaps focused the weight of his muscled body into the ground. He was
moaning into the sand; long, happy moans of surprise and pleasure.
Jason's hands gripped the back of Tom's thighs, his fingers squeezing as
his face worked up and down the crack of Tom's ass. Bill just sat there
staring, not believing what his eyes were insisting was true. He saw
Jason's cock harder than ever, smacking against his stomach as his body
rocked forward and backward, eagerly tonguing and sucking something on
Tom's body. Bill decided to get closer to see what was happening. He
cautiously crawled around Jason, wondering how he should get himself
into the picture.

     He couldn't believe this was all taking place, and his head spun as
he tried to remember how they even got here. As he was thinking, he
remembered when Tom wriggled under the car to fix it... and he used the
same tactic to get under Jason, climbing under him, going between his
arms to look up at Tom. Jason spread his legs to be more accomodating to
Bill. Bill put his legs out behind Jason as he got closer to Tom to make
sure he had the right perspective. What he saw shocked him. Jason's
hands were on Tom's ass, spreading him open.  Jason's face was almost
totally in contact with Tom's skin and hair.  Tufts of short, coarse
black hair seemed to hold Jason's nose in position as his tongue was
eagerly sensing and tasting the warm soft flesh of Tom's anus, which was
constantly tightening and relaxing.  Bill's stomach turned for an
instant as he was repulsed by the thought of something so totally
sickening.

     He closed his eyes, letting his head stop spinning for a moment.
His eyes suddenly opened again when he felt something hit his forehead.
He looked straight up to see Tom's cock about a foot above his head,
with another huge drop of fluid about to fall onto Bill's face. Bill
opened his mouth and moved forward so he could catch it. It was
surprisingly mild, not as bitter as what he had tasted moments before
from Tom's mouth. He pushed himself up on his elbows and licked Tom's
dangling scrotum, surprising Tom yet again and making his legs spread
further. His body fell closer to Bill's face, and Bill put his hands up
to Tom's inner thighs to help support him. Jason was making intriguing
slurping noises just inches away, noises that coincided with the
muffled, thrilling grunts coming from Tom. Jason's fingers kneaded Tom's
ass, his knuckles massaging the firm, sensitive meat at the upper back
of his thighs as his tongue and nose did double- time to Tom's
heartbeat. Tom's incredibly swollen cock pulsed just inches away from
Bill's face, still oozing slowly into Bill's mouth.  Bill massaged Tom's
abdomen and pubic hair while using his tongue to tickle strategic places
on Tom's penis. Tom whined into the sand, forcing his body closer to
Bill's face so Bill had better access.

     Bill put his hands on Tom's hips, pulling Tom into his face while
he enjoyed the feel of Tom's hot meat against his cheek and forehead. He
felt Tom's penis swell each time his hips pivoted, his pubic hair thick
and hot in his nose and lips. Bill tilted his head back and nibbled at
the head of Tom's cock with his lips. Tom, feeling Bill's presence more
than ever, lunged at his opportunity to lose his frustration. Bill was
ready as Tom buried his meat in Bill's deep throat, yelling with joy and
the almost painful release of pressure as he finally ejaculated, shot
after shot of thick semen coating every part of Bill's mouth. Jason's
tongue was burrowed in Tom's ass, twisting this way and that as Tom's
anal muscle contractions squeezed it. Tom finally quit trying to hold
himself up, and he let all of his weight down on Bill's face. Jason
withdrew from Tom, squatting back on his heels as he watched Tom
enjoying his release.

     Bill squirmed under Tom, starting to get uncomfortable. He rolled 
Tom over on his back, Tom's penis still partially erect and very wet. 
Bill smiled like an idiot and Jason grinned, getting on his knees over 
Bill. He leaned down to kiss Bill, but Bill put his hands up to Jason's 
chest to stop him. Jason looked hurt, but Bill still resisted. "It's 
okay," Jason said, his voice somehow breaking the peace but at the same 
time reassuring them that they were still on Earth and they hadn't 
escaped to some distant Paradise. Bill's arms finally gave way, and 
Jason leaned toward Bill's face, his eyes 'touching' the soft skin 
wonderingly. Jason opened his lips and took Bill's whole mouth in his 
own, his tongue pushing between Bill's soft and sticky lips. Bill 
squirted some of Tom's leftover semen into Jason's mouth, making Jason 
chuckle and open his lips long enough for some of it to drip down Bill's 
cheek and neck. Jason and Bill both swallowed, and Jason caught the 
loose drops with his tongue. Bill pulled Jason closer and sucked the 
rest of Tom's semen from his mustache. Jason chuckled and rolled over on 
his back, finally letting the total relaxation of his orgasm, which he 
had had only minutes before, work its warm fingers into every extremity 
of his body as he fell into a light sleep. Bill heaved a peaceful sigh 
and moved to Jason's side, putting his arm on Jason's back, his hand 
resting palm-up on Jason's firm but relaxed backside. Tom crawled over 
to the other two men, falling asleep as the power of his experience and 
the washing feeling of release flooded through his body.

     A warm breeze blew over the three beautiful nude bodies, now and 
then playfully teasing their hair but always caressing them. The water 
continued to cheerfully bubble, the leaves maintained their happily 
whispered conversation, and the sun touched each of them lovingly and 
erotically as it watched them from the sky.
