Hello all, this is Candy.  Well, quite a lot has happened since I
have last uploaded a "real" text file so lets see..........where to
begin.  Well, my roomies and I have still been "getting together"
for some fun.  This summer, unlike the last one, they are going to
stay at the apt. with me.  So, as the Paul McCartney song goes "No
more lonley nights" for me.  Though, that's not to say that I've
really had any to speak of.  Now, to get on with other things.

A couple of weeks ago, I went to OC for the weekend.  I had a great
time.  Normaly, I act pretty cool but when I get horny, I tend to act
a little crazy (or a lot crazy).  The second night I was there, I
began to feel a bit horny.  So, dressed in  rather suggestive attire
(a pair of those Spandex pants (black) and a very low cut blouse (white
with black dots) with no bra), I went out bar hopping.  Well, after
a couple of beers, my situation began to get worse.  And to top it
off, there were no guys to speak of, mostly locals.  I soon realized
that I would just have to take care of my problem by myself.  So, I 
downed a few more beers and left.  I decided I wanted to get roaring
drunk and as we all know, bars are not cheap.  So, off to the liqour
store.  I got a few looks from the locals as I got into my car and
then one guy said "Hey baby, how 'bout showing the rest of your tits".
By this time I was so horny I did not care so I simply undid my shirt
and pulled it off.  When I got to where they were standing, I stopped
my car so they could get a good long look and then drove off.  It
was great having all those guys just sit there and stare at my tits.

I drove around a little and flashed a couple more groups of guys.  Each
time I got hornier and hornier.  Finially, I put my shirt on and stopped 
to get some beer.  Once I got that, I went back to my room.  I just started
drinking and turned on the tv.  This hotel had those adult movies late
at night so I started watching them.  I got undressed and got out my 
favorite dildo.  As I watched to movie, I could feel myself getting
wetter and wetter.  I finally could no longer stand it and reached
down and stroked my pussy.  It felt soooo good.  I then heard some
noise outside.  I opened my eyes and looked around and then I noticed
I had not closed my window.  There were three guys across the way
on their balcony watching me.  Well, I was a little pissed (mostly
at myself for leaving the window open) so I closed the window.

I sat down again started stroking myself when I realized that I liked
them watching me (I have never masturbated in front of another guy
before).  So, I called the desk and got their number.  I called them
and when this guy answered, I simply said "If you want a real show,
why don't you all get some beer and come over" and hung up.  By the 
time I had put on a robe, there was a knock at the door.  I let them
in and really enjoyed the looks they were giving me.  Then they
noticed the dildo on the table and that really got them (of course,
they tried to look cool like they did not see it).  I took one of their
beers and started drinking it.  After that, I said "Now then, I did
promise you all a show" and with that, I reached up under my robe
and started stroking my pussy again.  Their eyes just got bigger as
they watched.  One of them got up and started towards me and I said
"I promised a show, not a fuck.  You can watch for now.....maybe
later you can touch".  He took the hint.

I took off my robe and sat in the chair, making sure they had a good
view.  I started fingering myself and playing with my tits.  They
just kept watching.  Then I started licking my tits and ocassionaly
licking my fingers (the ones that were in my pussy of course).  Then
one of the guys said "if she's not going to let us fuck, then I'm at
least going to enjoy this" and with that, he dropped his pants.  His
cock was rock hard and looked great.  Just seeing that cock gave me
a great jolt.  I stopped what I was doing and said "ok, I'm still
not going to let you fuck me but.........It's fine if you want to
jerk off while you watch.  In fact, anyone who does not want to can
leave cause I'm not going on until I see some more cocks".  With that,
the other two dropped their pants.  Seeing three nice looking cocks
almost made me cum then but I held on.  I then told them "now, come
stand by me.....I want you to cum on me".  The three of them came by
and started stroking their cocks.  I just watched them and reached for
my dildo.  As I put it in, they started beating off faster.  Finally,
one could not take it and shot his load on my face.  That was all I
needed.  I tasted that cum and fucked myself like there was no tomorrow.
As I started to cum, the other two shot their loads.  I just opened my
mouth and caught it.  When I came, I thought I was going to go through
the roof.

After about 30 sec., I opened my eyes.  I was covered with cum.  The
three guys were just standing there, looking.  I took my finger and
scooped up some cum and then licked it off (in case you don't remember,
I love cum).  I then said "that was the best dildo session I've ever
had!  So, to repay you all, I'd like you to come over tomorrow evening
around 9 with some more beer.  I promise you can do more than just
watch and jerk off."  They agreed, got dressed and left.

I'd tell you about the next day but that is another story.

I'd love to lick you all, Candy!
