Archive-name: Bondage/candwest.txt
Archive-author: Candy West
Archive-title: Candy West's Stories


Hi....I've been on this board for a while....in fact, I think I was the first
one......anyway, I would like to tell you about myself.

My name is Candy West, I'm 20, 36C-26-35, and a coed at UM in Computer Science.
I've got natural blond hair and blue eyes. I also have one other asset......I
love sex!

Some times, I go out to one of the local bars, pick up a guy, and get laid.
However, when there are no guys around ........... I tend to get crazy.  This
tends to get me doing some pretty kinky things.  One of my favorite things to
do when this happens is to put on a skirt, button up blouse, and go for a ride
in my car.  As I ride along, I begin to look around at the other drivers while
I begin to rub myself.  Before long, I'm pretty wet and pretty daring.  I'll
hike up my skirt (shorts in the summer) and undo the buttons on my shirt.
Since I don't have anything on under them ....... Then, I'll just drive along,
playing with myself, and pull up to a few guys.  At first, just ones in cars ..
... that way they can only see my tits.  As I get more excited, I'll look for
a guy in a truck, pull up next to him, and give him a show.  If I'm at a stop
light, and there are not many people around, I'll even pull out one of my
vibrators ............... or should I say push one of my vibrators in.........

Oh, did I mention that I live with 3 other girls..........well, if anyone else
is in to this (or other kinky things)....drop me a line.  I'll tell you about
my roomates next time around.............


===


Hello again...........I had a few min.'s to spare so I
thought I'd tell you about my three other roomies.  We are
all about the same age (around 20).  Well, let me tell you
about them:

  1)  Lisa - sandy brown/blond hair, 34B-26-35, about 5'3"
      tall, brown eyes.

  2)  Mary - dark brown hair, 35B-23-32, about 5'8" tall,
      hazel green eyes.

  3)  Sue - red hair, 35C-25-36, about 5'2" tall, green eyes.

We are all Soph.'s at UM and live off campus in our own apt.
Until about 2 months ago, we were all pretty straight (went
out with guys, got laid if we wanted, etc.).  Well, one night,
we went to this frat party and got pretty wasted.  At first
we were having a great time but then some of the UM jocks
showed up and we all got pretty pissed off so we left.  The
party was not too far from home so we walked.  Anyway, when
we got home, I was feeling horny (I was practicaly dripping
wet) and told the others girls I was going to stay up and
watch one of your tapes (we have a VCR).  They told me that
that sounded like a great idea so we got out some wine, picked
out a tape (we never write down what's on them....oh well),
sat back and were all set to watch something like "Moonlighting".
Well, as soon as the tape started, Sue turned blood red because
it was one of her "private" tapes (x-rated.....Stiff Competition).
She jumped up to stop it but we would not let her.

Well, after the first 5 min. of the tape, I was going crazy.
I began rubbing my pussy, hoping the other girls would not
notice (I was going to excuse myself and "go to the bathroom").
Well, Lisa saw me and said "if your going to do that, you
might as well get one of the vibrators out".  I was so
suprised......I just stopped and we all looked at each other.
Then Lisa said, "hold her down while I get it!"  Before I could
move, Mary and Sue were on top of me and pulling up my night
gown.  Lisa came back and said "now then, just watch the TV
and we will take care of the rest."  With the other two girls
on top of me, there was nothing I could do.  Lisa started
rubbing the vibrator outside my panties.  At first, I kept my
legs closed but eventually, they opened up.  She took off
my panties and began stroking my puss with the vibrator.  Mary
and Sue were just sitting on top of me, watching (they were
getting pretty hot though).  At this point, I figured what the
hell so I told the other girls to get undressed.  While they
were, I just kept on pumping that vibrator in and out.

Still laying there, I told Sue that I wanted to eat her pussy
so bad........she just looked at me, not knowing what to do.
So I rolled over, spread her legs, and started licking her
red haired pussy for all it was worth.  She started getting
into it pretty quickly.  Lisa came up behind me and started
pumping that vibrator in and out of me again and Mary was
sucking on Sue's tits while fingering herself.

Sue was the first to cum, followed by Mary.  All this time,
Lisa was just pumping that vibrator in and out of my
pussy (she made me cum three or four times).  Seeing that
she was not getting any attention, I took the vibrator away
and we got into a 69.  She went wild as I began to fuck her
with the vibrator while eating her.  Lisa was also eating me
like there was no tomorrow. Finially, we both came and
just laid there.

After a few min., we began to realize what we had done (made
it with another girl). I said "well, I'm certainly not going
to give up a nice hard cock for this but I think it was
great". The others agreed with me. So now......when one of
us is in the mood with no guys around, we simply go put in a
movie, begin to play with ourselves, and hope some one will
join in. So far, there have been very few "solo" sessions.

Well, that's it for now I suppose. Next time I have the time
I'll tell you about how I spent New Years Eve with these
two guys I know..........till then.......


===


Hello again......once again I find myself with some spare time
so I though I would tell you about my New Years Eve.

It started out innocently enough with a guy I know, Bill, asking
me out.  I said sure and we decided we would go into DC, hit a
few bars and then go to the Post Office and watch the "Stamp"
fall.  Well, that day, Bill called me and told me that a
old friend of his had come into town and wondered if I would
mind Tom tagging along with us.  Well, I was not to thrilled
with the idea but I said...."sure, no problem".

Bill picked me up and then we went to that new hotel on New
York Ave. (I think it's the Days Inn) to pick up his friend.
Well, when I saw Tom, I knew I had made the right choice.

The evening started with Bill and I kinda hanging on each other.
However, by the time we hit a few of the bars (getting pretty
loaded) Tom was hanging on me as well (and I loved every min.
of it).  We ~finally left the bars, got a couple of bumpers
(the beers in the bottles) and started off to the P.O.

The few times we stopped to drink, I could tell that both Bill's
and Tom's cocks were hard as rocks. I could also tell that, like
Bill, Tom was well hung (both of them were about 9" long).
Well, my teasing them did not help there "problem" at all.
However, they kept getting me back by kissing my neck, or
grabbing my tits and ass.  By the time we got close to the
P.O., none of us wanted to be there. I suggested that, since
we had not finished off our beer, we find some place "out
of the way". Bill and Tom both agreed eagerly.

We finally found this alley that was vacant. Well, I was
standing next to Bill (some what inside the alley) and
Tom was standing in the opening (looking for cops---did not
want to get caught drinking in public).  I pretended to drop
my purse.  When I bent down to get it, I simply started undoing
Bills pants. To say the least, he could not believe it!  As
I pulled down his shorts, his cock sprang out.  I just started
rubbing it and ~finally started sucking it....slowly.

Well, I was doing this for about a min. or so and then I
remembered Tom. He was just standing there, pretending not
to watch. I looked over to him and told him I did not want
to leave him out. Not needing a second invitation, he came
over and pulled out his cock. I just looked at these two
cocks and started sucking and stroking them.

As I was getting into it, I told them I would make them cum
but not before 12.  So, every time one of them got close, I
just stoped for a while (this drove them crazy). As it
got closer to 12, I began to really go to it.

Since I had been working on Bill the longest, I made him cum
first. I took him in my mouth (the feeling of a cock cum in
your mouth is great!! It tastes good to!) while I was jerking
off Tom. After Bill was finished, I started blowing Tom.
However, he was so worked up from my jerking him off that
he started to cum before I could start sucking him.  So, I
just got my mouth close to his cock and had him cum on my face.

By this time I was horny I could not stand it. I told the
guys I wanted to go back to Tom's hotel and have them fuck
me. Since they were still worked up, we all headed off for
the hotel........but then again, that is another story....

===


Hello all, this is Candy.  Well, quite a lot has happened since I
have last uploaded a "real" text file so lets see..........where to
begin.  Well, my roomies and I have still been "getting together"
for some fun.  This summer, unlike the last one, they are going to
stay at the apt. with me.  So, as the Paul McCartney song goes "No
more lonley nights" for me.  Though, that's not to say that I've
really had any to speak of.  Now, to get on with other things.

A couple of weeks ago, I went to OC for the weekend.  I had a great
time.  Normaly, I act pretty cool but when I get horny, I tend to act
a little crazy (or a lot crazy).  The second night I was there, I
began to feel a bit horny.  So, dressed in  rather suggestive attire
(a pair of those Spandex pants (black) and a very low cut blouse (white
with black dots) with no bra), I went out bar hopping.  Well, after
a couple of beers, my situation began to get worse.  And to top it
off, there were no guys to speak of, mostly locals.  I soon realized
that I would just have to take care of my problem by myself.  So, I
downed a few more beers and left.  I decided I wanted to get roaring
drunk and as we all know, bars are not cheap.  So, off to the liqour
store.  I got a few looks from the locals as I got into my car and
then one guy said "Hey baby, how 'bout showing the rest of your tits".
By this time I was so horny I did not care so I simply undid my shirt
and pulled it off.  When I got to where they were standing, I stopped
my car so they could get a good long look and then drove off.  It
was great having all those guys just sit there and stare at my tits.

I drove around a little and flashed a couple more groups of guys.  Each
time I got hornier and hornier.  Finially, I put my shirt on and stopped
to get some beer.  Once I got that, I went back to my room.  I just started
drinking and turned on the tv.  This hotel had those adult movies late
at night so I started watching them.  I got undressed and got out my
favorite dildo.  As I watched to movie, I could feel myself getting
wetter and wetter.  I finally could no longer stand it and reached
down and stroked my pussy.  It felt soooo good.  I then heard some
noise outside.  I opened my eyes and looked around and then I noticed
I had not closed my window.  There were three guys across the way
on their balcony watching me.  Well, I was a little pissed (mostly
at myself for leaving the window open) so I closed the window.

I sat down again started stroking myself when I realized that I liked
them watching me (I have never masturbated in front of another guy
before).  So, I called the desk and got their number.  I called them
and when this guy answered, I simply said "If you want a real show,
why don't you all get some beer and come over" and hung up.  By the
time I had put on a robe, there was a knock at the door.  I let them
in and really enjoyed the looks they were giving me.  Then they
noticed the dildo on the table and that really got them (of course,
they tried to look cool like they did not see it).  I took one of their
beers and started drinking it.  After that, I said "Now then, I did
promise you all a show" and with that, I reached up under my robe
and started stroking my pussy again.  Their eyes just got bigger as
they watched.  One of them got up and started towards me and I said
"I promised a show, not a fuck.  You can watch for now.....maybe
later you can touch".  He took the hint.

I took off my robe and sat in the chair, making sure they had a good
view.  I started fingering myself and playing with my tits.  They
just kept watching.  Then I started licking my tits and ocassionaly
licking my fingers (the ones that were in my pussy of course).  Then
one of the guys said "if she's not going to let us fuck, then I'm at
least going to enjoy this" and with that, he dropped his pants.  His
cock was rock hard and looked great.  Just seeing that cock gave me
a great jolt.  I stopped what I was doing and said "ok, I'm still
not going to let you fuck me but.........It's fine if you want to
jerk off while you watch.  In fact, anyone who does not want to can
leave cause I'm not going on until I see some more cocks".  With that,
the other two dropped their pants.  Seeing three nice looking cocks
almost made me cum then but I held on.  I then told them "now, come
stand by me.....I want you to cum on me".  The three of them came by
and started stroking their cocks.  I just watched them and reached for
my dildo.  As I put it in, they started beating off faster.  Finally,
one could not take it and shot his load on my face.  That was all I
needed.  I tasted that cum and fucked myself like there was no tomorrow.
As I started to cum, the other two shot their loads.  I just opened my
mouth and caught it.  When I came, I thought I was going to go through
the roof.

After about 30 sec., I opened my eyes.  I was covered with cum.  The
three guys were just standing there, looking.  I took my finger and
scooped up some cum and then licked it off (in case you don't remember,
I love cum).  I then said "that was the best dildo session I've ever
had!  So, to repay you all, I'd like you to come over tomorrow evening
around 9 with some more beer.  I promise you can do more than just
watch and jerk off."  They agreed, got dressed and left.

I'd tell you about the next day but that is another story.

I'd love to lick you all, Candy!

===


Hello all, this is Candy.  Well, quite a lot has happened since I
have last uploaded a "real" text file so lets see..........where to
begin.  Well, my roomies and I have still been "getting together"
for some fun.  This summer, unlike the last one, they are going to
stay at the apt. with me.  So, as the Paul McCartney song goes "No
more lonley nights" for me.  Though, that's not to say that I've
really had any to speak of.  Now, to get on with other things.

A couple of weeks ago, I went to OC for the weekend.  I had a great
time.  Normaly, I act pretty cool but when I get horny, I tend to act
a little crazy (or a lot crazy).  The second night I was there, I
began to feel a bit horny.  So, dressed in  rather suggestive attire
(a pair of those Spandex pants (black) and a very low cut blouse (white
with black dots) with no bra), I went out bar hopping.  Well, after
a couple of beers, my situation began to get worse.  And to top it
off, there were no guys to speak of, mostly locals.  I soon realized
that I would just have to take care of my problem by myself.  So, I 
downed a few more beers and left.  I decided I wanted to get roaring
drunk and as we all know, bars are not cheap.  So, off to the liqour
store.  I got a few looks from the locals as I got into my car and
then one guy said "Hey baby, how 'bout showing the rest of your tits".
By this time I was so horny I did not care so I simply undid my shirt
and pulled it off.  When I got to where they were standing, I stopped
my car so they could get a good long look and then drove off.  It
was great having all those guys just sit there and stare at my tits.

I drove around a little and flashed a couple more groups of guys.  Each
time I got hornier and hornier.  Finially, I put my shirt on and stopped 
to get some beer.  Once I got that, I went back to my room.  I just started
drinking and turned on the tv.  This hotel had those adult movies late
at night so I started watching them.  I got undressed and got out my 
favorite dildo.  As I watched to movie, I could feel myself getting
wetter and wetter.  I finally could no longer stand it and reached
down and stroked my pussy.  It felt soooo good.  I then heard some
noise outside.  I opened my eyes and looked around and then I noticed
I had not closed my window.  There were three guys across the way
on their balcony watching me.  Well, I was a little pissed (mostly
at myself for leaving the window open) so I closed the window.

I sat down again started stroking myself when I realized that I liked
them watching me (I have never masturbated in front of another guy
before).  So, I called the desk and got their number.  I called them
and when this guy answered, I simply said "If you want a real show,
why don't you all get some beer and come over" and hung up.  By the 
time I had put on a robe, there was a knock at the door.  I let them
in and really enjoyed the looks they were giving me.  Then they
noticed the dildo on the table and that really got them (of course,
they tried to look cool like they did not see it).  I took one of their
beers and started drinking it.  After that, I said "Now then, I did
promise you all a show" and with that, I reached up under my robe
and started stroking my pussy again.  Their eyes just got bigger as
they watched.  One of them got up and started towards me and I said
"I promised a show, not a fuck.  You can watch for now.....maybe
later you can touch".  He took the hint.

I took off my robe and sat in the chair, making sure they had a good
view.  I started fingering myself and playing with my tits.  They
just kept watching.  Then I started licking my tits and ocassionaly
licking my fingers (the ones that were in my pussy of course).  Then
one of the guys said "if she's not going to let us fuck, then I'm at
least going to enjoy this" and with that, he dropped his pants.  His
cock was rock hard and looked great.  Just seeing that cock gave me
a great jolt.  I stopped what I was doing and said "ok, I'm still
not going to let you fuck me but.........It's fine if you want to
jerk off while you watch.  In fact, anyone who does not want to can
leave cause I'm not going on until I see some more cocks".  With that,
the other two dropped their pants.  Seeing three nice looking cocks
almost made me cum then but I held on.  I then told them "now, come
stand by me.....I want you to cum on me".  The three of them came by
and started stroking their cocks.  I just watched them and reached for
my dildo.  As I put it in, they started beating off faster.  Finally,
one could not take it and shot his load on my face.  That was all I
needed.  I tasted that cum and fucked myself like there was no tomorrow.
As I started to cum, the other two shot their loads.  I just opened my
mouth and caught it.  When I came, I thought I was going to go through
the roof.

After about 30 sec., I opened my eyes.  I was covered with cum.  The
three guys were just standing there, looking.  I took my finger and
scooped up some cum and then licked it off (in case you don't remember,
I love cum).  I then said "that was the best dildo session I've ever
had!  So, to repay you all, I'd like you to come over tomorrow evening
around 9 with some more beer.  I promise you can do more than just
watch and jerk off."  They agreed, got dressed and left.

I'd tell you about the next day but that is another story.

I'd love to lick you all, Candy!

===


OC weekend, pt. 2
Well, after the guys left, I licked off the rest of their cum, showered and 
went to bed.  When I woke up the next morning, I decided to go to the 
beach.  The only problem was that all my swimsuits are a bit conservative. 
I wanted to feel trashy so I'd be ready for what was to come later that 
night so I went shopping.  I went and bought the smallest white bikini I 
could find (white lets your nipples show through).  Then, I went back to my 
hotel and decided to go all the way.  So, I took some shaving cream and a 
razor and shaved my pussy clean.  When I put on my new bikini, not only 
could you see my nipples but my cunt outline was pretty visible.

I went down to the beach and, after taking a splash (that made my nipples 
so hard they just shined right through my top) I laid out.  Every once in a 
while I would look around and notice the guys looking at me.  Now, don't 
get the wrong idea.  I don"t have a big ego nor do I think that I have a 
great body.  It's just that I have always felt that nudity is very sexual 
when other people are around.  All I did that day was lay in the sun, 
watching some of the guys, getting excited at the guys watching me, and 
think about the night ahead.  Of course, I started thinking "oh, you won't 
really do this.....they either won't show up or you just wont let them in" 
(I've been with two guys before but never three).  However, during the 
course of the day (and after many fantasies about it) I was ready to go.  
By the end of the day, I wanted to go back and fuck myself silly with my 
dildo.  It took a lot of willpower not to.

After I grabbed a quick bite to eat, I went and bought a couple of adult 
mags and went back to my room.  I hopped in the bath and looked thru the 
mags I had bought (Penthouse and Stags X-Rated film guide). As I read the 
forum letters in Penthouse and had a few beers, my pussy just started 
aching.  The more I read, the more it ached.  By the time I got to the Stag 
mag. I was about to go crazy but I resisted.  At about ten of 9 I got out 
of the tub, put on my robe, and waited.

At 9 on the dot I got a knock on the door.  I opened it and let them in. (I 
noticed I forgot to tell you about them.  So, they were all college age 
and.............
       
       Mike - average build, about 6' tall, brown hair and eyes, 8" cock.
       Tim  - muscular build, about 5' 8" tall, sandy blond hair and
              brown eyes, 7" cock.
       Kirk - average build, about 6' tall, red hair and blue eyes, 7.5"
              cock.

Anyway, back to it...............they came in to the room and we put the 
beer in the cooler.  We sat and talked a bit while they caught up to me in 
the drinking department.  After they were getting a pretty good buzz, I 
stood up and said "last night I was the boss......tonight you are".  Kirk 
responded "oh yeah, how about a blowjob then".  So, I went over, knelt in 
front of him, unzipped his pants and took his dick into my mouth.  Within a 
couple of seconds it was rock hard.  He started grinding his hips, trying 
to get more of his cock into my mouth.  I looked up and said "like I said, 
you all are the boss tonight" and then I went back to sucking.  He started 
moaning as his hips moved faster and faster.  Then, he grabed my head and 
started shoving the rest of his cock in and out while saying "suck it 
bitch...suck it". Then, with a loud moan, he came.  I just kept sucking, 
trying to get all the cum I could.  After he finished, I stood up and said 
"what would you all like now".  Well, it only took Mike and Tim about 2 
seconds to strip.  Mike grabed me and took off my robe.  That's when they 
finally noticed my shaved pussy.  Mike just looked at Tim and said "this 
bitch is hot."  With that, Mike rubbed my shaved pussy and, getting his 
fingers wet, licked them and threw me on the bed.  Then he and Tim joined 
me.  The were so worked up they could not go fast enough.  That was fine 
with me because at that point, I just wanted to be fucked.  I did not care 
how or by who.  Mike started sucking on my tits while Tim started licking 
my shaved pussy.  I started to cum a couple of times but Tim stopped and 
said "you can't until we say you can bitch". Then Tim worked one of his 
fingers up into my ass while he was eating my pussy.  That was it......I 
started moaning and came.

After I came, Tim and Mike were pissed.  Mike started yelling "whore, we 
said you could not cum, you will have to be punished."  And with that, they 
took me and tied me face down to the bed.  Normally, I would have been 
scared but like I said, I just wanted a fuck.  

They then asked me where my dildo was and I told them in the bed side 
table.  Tim got it and then got behind me.  I then felt it rub against my 
pussy, which was soaked.  In the mean time, Mike got in front of me and 
ordered me to suck his cock.  Having little choice, I started sucking his 
cock nice and hard.  He responded by grinding his hips, pushing his cock in 
even further.  Then, suddenly, I felt something entering my ass-hole.  I 
let out a moan and Tim said "so, this bitch likes having things in her 
ass.......if you're a good girl, you can have my cock later." With Tim 
fucking my ass with the dildo and Mike fucking my mouth, I was quickly 
becoming oblivious to all else.  Then,  Kirk came up and said "she gives 
great head but I want her pussy."  He then crawled underneath me.  He then 
shoved his cock deep into my pussy and said "if you let Mike's cum spill on 
me bitch, you'll pay."

Tim slowly pulled out the dildo from my ass and replaced it with his cock.  
It felt so good as he rammed my ass.  Mike grabed my head and started 
shoving his cock into my mouth as hard and deep as he could. Between Tim 
fucking my ass, Mike fucking my mouth and Kirk fucking my pussy, I was 
simply gone.  It seemes like that all there was in the world was pleasure.

We kept fucking (or rather, they kept fucking me) for what seemed like 
forever.  Then, with one hard ram of his cock, Mike shot his load into my 
mouth.  As soon as I got a taste of his cum, I started to cum as well. And, 
once I started, I just could not stop.  It seemed that every time Tim or 
Kirk pumped their cocks into me, I came again.  Tim finally let out a 
moan as I felt him shoot his load deep inside my ass.  However, since Kirk 
had already cum once, he was still going strong (which was great with me).  
However, all good things must cum to an end and so did his stamina.  He 
started fucking me as hard as he could and finally came.

I'm not sure what happened for about ten min. after that I was so out of 
it.  When I finally came back to reality, I was still tied to the bed. For 
the rest of the night, I was forced to satisfy them in anyway.  It was 
simply great.

The next day was the day I had to leave.  So before I left, I went over to 
their room and gave them all a goodbye blowjob, letting them shoot their 
cum all over my face and then licking it off.  They gave me their names and 
where they lived (they said they went to Salisbury State College) so who 
knows............maybe again?

===


     I've been out of town for the past few months (college
internship).  Since I'm back, I though I would share some of my
experiences.  I had mentioned that I had a "Green Door" experience.
Well, I don't know if this qualifies but.....here goes.

     I had been on the plane for hours and was feeling so
relieved when we finally landed.  The only problem....I was
feeling pretty gross too.  Some guy from the company, Bill, met
me at the airport and, after picking up my luggage, took me to my
hotel.  This was not my first trip but definitely the longest.
All I wanted to do was get in, get a hot shower, eat and sleep.

     Once I arrived at the hotel, Bill mentioned that he had
heard I liked parties from some other company employees in other
areas I had been and that, if I was interested, there was one
that night.  After thinking about it, I figured I could still
eat, get a shower and who was I to turn down free booze.  I
thought it was a little strange that other company employees had
talked about me but, since one or two of them had "gotten lucky",
I figured that Bill was hoping for the same.

     I told Bill to pick me up around 8:00 pm.  After he left, I
ordered some dinner from room service and, once it arrived,
turned on the TV.  The hotel had an adult channel so I figured,
why not and turned it on.  Watching the various folks suck and
fuck each other really "perked" me up.  I then undressed,
noticing my nipples were hard, and took a shower.  Afterwards,
still feeling horny after watching those porn movies, I took out
a nice white crotchless teddy and put on my black mini skirt and
a thin white blouse.  It had been a long plane ride and I decided
I needed some serious attention.  Looking at myself in the
mirror, I could see my nipples poking through the material in the
teddy and the blouse.

     Bill called up from the lobby exactly at 8:00 pm.  Once down
at the lobby, we walked to the car, my nipples rock hard from the
movies and the chill in the air.  All Bill could do was look and
say "uh...you look NICE".

     The people at the party were pretty much in their late 20's,
early 30's and pretty much a 40/60 ratio (women/men), with about
30 people there.  After a few drinks, I was feeling pretty good
and that horny feeling was getting stronger.  One of the guys
there, Frank, asked if anyone would mind if he put in an adult
tape and, with there being no objection he began it.  After about
20 min of this, combined with the booze, the other movies and the
long plane ride, I was about to crawl out of my skin.  After
about another 10 min, someone suggested we play a game called
"truth or dare".

     "Truth or dare" is a game where you are asked a question by
another player.  You can either answer the question or take a
dare.  If you answer a question but the group votes that you have
lied, you have to take a dare.  The game went on for about 15 min
and then turned towards sex.  I was then asked the question "have
you ever made it with a woman"?  Not knowing these people and
being somewhat embarrassed, I said no.  The group however, voted
that I was lying.  By this time in the game, a few others had
to take a dare (a few of the guys and gals had already striped
down to their underwear).  When the group decided I had to strip
down to my underwear, I almost died.  However, I had no choice
and, undoing my blouse and skirt, everyone got a "view".  The
game continued and finally came back to me...I was asked it I had
ever masturbated.  Again, being to embarrassed to admit it to a
room full of strangers, I said no and once again they voted that
I was lying.  This time, my dare seemed to be easier;  simply put
on a blindfold and kiss 4 people, identifying each.  After taking
another drink, stood up, forgetting about my crotchless teddy,
and put on the blindfold.

     The first came up to kiss me and, putting his hand between
my legs, gave me a deep french kiss.  I wanted to push his hand
away but it simply felt to good.  The rest of the 4 each got
their turn, each stroking my so sopping wet pussy.  After I took
the blindfold off, I could only identify 2 out of the four.
Thus, the group voted another dare.  I was simply told to put the
blind fold back on and wait. After a what seemed like a lifetime,
someone in the group told me to begin playing with myself.
At first I resisted but, after someone forced my hand between my
legs, I could not help it.  I began stroking my pussy and the
thought of doing this with 20 or thirty people watching made it
even better.  I was then told continue to stroke my pussy while
someone tied my legs spread eagle.  "Your pretty hot....but are
you hot enough for this?" someone said as I felt a rock hard cock
placed into my hand.  "Suck it!" he ordered.  While still fingering
my cunt, I bent over and took his cock into my mouth.  I then felt
a tongue replace my fingers on my pussy.  It thrust deep into it...god it
felt GOOD!  By this time, I had lost control...all I wanted to do
was suck and fuck everything in sight (pardon the pun, since I
was blindfolded).  With someone tongue fucking me, I felt a huge
cock suddenly enter my pussy from behind.  He began fucking me
for all I was worth, banging his cock into my pussy.  The cock I
had in my mouth began to pulse and, with a moan, the guy sprayed
his come all over my mouth.  As soon as he finished, another cock
took its place.  I could not stand it any longer and, as my knees
began to quiver and buckle, I came, all the while with a cock
being rammed into my pussy and mouth and someone eating my pussy
like there was no tomorrow.  I could feel as the guy pulled his
cock from my pussy and came all over my ass.  The cock in my
mouth once again began to pulse and, with a deep thrust, came.  I
let him shoot his cum down my throat, savoring it.

     Thinking it was over, I began to remove my blindfold.  I was
told to kneel down on all fours.  I did so and my face was met
with a very wet pussy.  "Eat me you slut" she said.  Not needing
a second invitation, I dove in.  I then felt a guy slide under me
and, inserting his cock into my pussy, began pumping away.  I
then got a shock as I felt another guys cock begin probing my
asshole.  I started to lift my head in protest but it was pushed
back into the drenched pussy.  After a few tries, I felt his cock
enter my asshole, slowly and shallow at first, then deeper and
harder.  I then heard two or three guys begin to moan as I felt
their cum shoot onto my back (I guess they stood next to me and
jerked off).  The gal whose pussy I was eating began to moan and,
feeling her tense up, I knew she had cum..."that was great!" was
all she said.  Her pussy was then replaced with another cock.
Not being to hold back, I began to cum again and, sucking the
cock in my mouth for all it was worth, felt his warm cum shoot
onto my face.  A few seconds after that, I felt cum shoot onto my
ass again as the guy that was fucking my asshole came.  Feeling I
could cum one last time, I now sat up and began to ride that cock
that was still in my pussy.  I began to bounce up and down,
forcing his cock into my pussy as hard and deep as it would go.
With a moan, I knew he had cum and, arching my back, I came as
well. "Well, I think she has had enough...someone walk her to the
bathroom with her clothes so she can clean up".  When I came out
of the bathroom, everyone was clothed and all was as it was
before my sex adventure had begun.  One of the guys then offered
to take me back to the hotel and, being totally wasted and
exhausted, I accepted.  I never did find out who was doing what
but, it was GREAT!

     Well, that's it for now...hope you enjoyed it!  Another
Candy story will be out shortly!!!


===


Another in the Candy West series.....

Hello once again.  I've got another story for you.  This happened when I
was almost 17, while I was at summer camp.  The camp I went to, while coed,
had the guys and the girl separated (separated barracks, showers, groups,
activities, ect.).  So, other than the few hours of "free" time, joint
activities and dances, we never really got to mingle with the guys.  Most
of the folks at this camp were between the ages of 15 and 18, with
counselors being in their 30's and up.

The first few weeks at camp were pretty active but, without much contact
with the guys, it was pretty hard on your sex life.  As time went on, I
became increasingly horny; to the point that I was eyeing some of the gals
in showers (this was before my first bi-sexual experience).  One evening
Jean (16 years old, brown hair and blue eyes, 36D-27-32), Mary (17 years
old, brown hair and eyes, 38C-25-34) and I were playing cards.  It was the
weekend and, since most people went home for the weekends, we had our room
to ourselves (there were normally 5 to a room).  We had smuggled some bear
and liquor into our room and, after a few drinks we were feeling pretty
good and pretty silly.  After playing for about an hour, Jean said "let's
do something silly, like play strip poker".  Mary and I thought it over and
said, almost at the same time "sure...why not."  It did not take to long
before we were all down to our bras's and panties, with the exception of
Jean who was down to just her panties and a t-shirt (she was not wearing a
bra).  As Jean took off her shorts there was a sudden tension in the room,
or so it seemed.  No longer were we just playing cards and being silly, we
were all horny and wanted some relief.

The next hand I lost so, with a bit of hesitation, I stood up and took off
my bra.  As I unfastened it, I could feel my nipples become rock hard as
Jean and Mary intently watched on.  As I sat back down, I could feel my
pussy becoming wet and, looking at Mary, I could see a wet spot on her
panties forming between her legs as well.  

The next had was dealt and once again I lost.  This was it so, standing up
again, I removed my panties.  It was almost impossible to keep from
stroking myself as I took them off.  Mary and Jean both just look on.  It
was now abundantly obvious that they were both as turned on as I was.  I
was uncertain as to what would happen next but was to horny to worry about
it.

"Now what...." I said.  "We could just get dressed again or....." I
continued with a bit of hesitation "once you've lost your cloths and you
loose a hand, the looser has to do whatever the winners decide for two
minuets.  No chickening out, anything goes."  After a few moments of
thinking it over, we all agreed.  My mind was racing with thoughts of what
might happen.

The next two hands, Jean lost her top, exposing her breasts and, like mine,
her rock hard nipples, and Mary lost her panties.  As she stepped out of
her panties, it was obvious that she was soaked.

Then it happened, I lost again and that meant I had to do what ever Jean
and Mary decided.  After whispering amongst themselves, Jean said "we want
you to spread your legs and play with yourself."  I was terribly
embarrassed but, after Jean and Mary reminded me that I had made up both
the rule of "anything goes".  So, with that being said I laid down on the
floor and spread my legs wide open.  Taking both hands, I reached down
between my legs with both Jean and Mary watching very intently.  I slowly
began stroking my now drenched pussy and it felt wonderful.  As I was lying
there stroking myself, I was even more turned on knowing that they were
watching me.  I started to stroke my pussy faster and harder and started to
feel a terrific orgasm building when Jean called time; my two minutes were
up.

The next hand was dealt and this time Mary lost.  Reaching behind her, she
unhooked her bra and removed it; her nipples stuck out and her breasts
looked enormous compared to Jean's or mine.

The next hand, I lost again (this time on purpose...I was hopping they
would tell me to play with myself again and I would make myself come this
time).  After a short discussion, Mary looked at me and said "I want you to
suck my tits....."  I was so horny I did not need a second invitation and,
taking her breasts in my hands, began to suck on the nipples.  After a few
seconds, Mary began to softly moan and rock her hips back and forth.  She
then did something I did not expect; she took my hand and placed it between
her legs "make me.....make me" she said.  I started to rub her soaked pussy
and her hips responded.  I then felt a hand between my legs.  Turning to
see who it was, I saw Jean eyeing my pussy, fingering me.  It felt so dam
good I just said "yes.....oh yes".  Mary was moaning louder and her hips
began to move harder and faster.  Suddenly, her back arched and her body
tensed up.

Mary just laid there catching her breath while Jean continued to finger
fuck me.  I just laid there, feeling Jean's hands work my pussy over.  I
then felt her breath getting closer to my pussy.  "Let me eat you...." I
said and with that, Jean climbed on top of me into a 69 position, me on the
bottom.  I looked up at her pussy as I felt her tongue begin to lick me. 
Pulling her to me, I kissed her pussy.  Licking my lips, I felt Jean going
to town and I was getting closer.  With that, I dove in and began to tongue
fuck Jeans pussy.  Her hips responded as I watched her ass bounce up and
down, riding my tongue.  I could not stand it any longer and began to
scream "oh yes!  Eat me".  My screams seemed to turn on Jean even more and
we both came at the same time.

After Jean climbed off of me and caught her breath, we all just looked at
each other.  Jean's face was wet with my pussy as mine was with hers.  "So
much for cards" I said as I climbed between Mary's legs and began to lick
her pussy.  Jean came over and, sitting on Mary's face, helped me lick and
suck Mary's swollen and soaked pussy.  "Wait, go into my locker in the
bottom"  Mary said.  I took one more lick and then went to the locker as se
said.  In the bottom of it I found a very long dildo with a head at both
ends.

Not even hesitating, I went and knelt behind Jean and, after inserting one
end into my pussy, put the other end into Jean's.  "Oh my GOD...fuck me"
Jean said as she dove back into Mary's pussy.  I began to move back and
forth, slowly at first but harder and faster.  Every once in a while I
would feel Mary's tongue on my clit and I would just bang that dildo even
harder into our cunts.  Mary began to moan and I could feel her tense up. 
Listing to her moans, I lost control and began to shove the dildo into
Jeans and my pussy as hard and fast as I could.  Holding onto her hips, I
began to come and, not wanting to stop, kept right on fucking the both of
us.  Jean began to arch her back and, reaching between our legs, began to
finger our cunts. 

I fell on to the floor after having countless orgasms.  Looking up at Mary
and Jean, I said "now all we need is the real thing....we'll do that
tomorrow".


That's it....my first bi experience.  Hope you liked it.  My next story
will be about the next day.


===


The next day at camp....

That night, Mary, Jean and I slept well.  Though we were still horny,
between fucking and eating each others cunts, we were exhausted (and
happy).

The next day was Saturday (a free day, no planned events).  We woke up,
showered and started to get dressed.  Still feeling horny, we decided to
wear our shortest and tightest white shorts and our green camp t-shirts
with no bras or panties.  We were so excited that our nipples stood
straight out, trying to poke through our t-shirts.  After looking ourselves
over, we decided we were ready for the day.

We went to the cafeteria for lunch (we got up late and missed breakfast),
making sure to bend over every chance we got so the bottoms of our ass's
would hang out, always in the direction of any guys that were around. 
After lunch, we went and watched some of the older guys (mostly 17 to 18
year olds) play basketball.  The guys noticed us right away and with that,
we went and got our own ball and began playing on the court opposite
theirs.  Watching their heads turn out of the corner of our eyes as they
watched our tits bouncing around (not to mention our ass's every time we
bent over) made us hornier than we were when we woke up.  After about an
hour, we began chatting and played together (the 5 guys [Bob, Tom, Frank,
Roy, Chris] and the three of us) for about another hour.  By the time we
finished playing, it was dinner time so we all walked over to ate dinner
together.  

With all of the playing, we all were pretty sweaty so the guys asked if we
wanted to go for a swim in the pool in an hour after dinner.   We said yes.

An hour later, we meet the guys at the pool, all decked out in a bikinis
(their eyes popped out of their heads).  After teasing the guys for an hour
or so (rubbing up against them by accident, playing water volleyball and
making out tits bounce more than necessary, bending over, ect.) we could
tell they were getting excited by the bulges in their pants.  They went
into their locker room to shower and change and, since the pool area was
empty, the three of us ran to the back.  We had found a pep hole into the
guys locker room and wanted to check them out.  

The guys went into their locker room to change and, since the pool was
empty, we ran around to the back of the pool house.  We had heard of a
peephole into the guys locker room but never had the chance to check it
out.  When we found it, we got an eye full!  All of the guys were rock hard
and the sight of this really got us turned on.  Chris said "man, they were
a real tease...I got to do something about this" and began to jerk off in
the shower.  Watching him stroke his 9" cock, I reached down between my
legs and began stroking my wet pussy.  Within 1 min, Chris began shooting
cum all over the shower room floor and my pussy was soaked.  Looking at
Mary and Jean, I could tell they were as turned on as I was.  

Bob said "well, we all might as well jerk off....lets see who can the
fastest" and with that, began stroking their cocks.  I turned to Mary and
Jean and said "we can't let them waste all of that....can we?"

We went around and entered the locker room.  We then walked back to the
shower area and entered it.  The looks on the guys faces was great!  "OH MY
GOD!  What are YOU DOING HERE!" Bill said as he tried to cover his cock
with his hands.  "We watched Chris jack-off and though we would help the
rest of you" I said.  With that, Mary, Jean and I stripped and walked over
to them.  Dropping to my knees, I took Bob's cock into my hands and said
"Wouldn't you rather my mouth than your hand?" and then took it into my
mouth.  Bill just moaned as I began bobbing my head up and down on his
cock.  After about 30 seconds, Bob began to pound his cock into my face
harder and harder....filling my mouth and throat with cum.  Looking over at
Mary and Jean, they were getting a mouth full from Tom and Frank.

Walking over to Roy, I said "I don't want you to feel left out....which
would you like.....want me to suck you off or let you fuck me?" while
turning my back and slightly bending over to show him my soaked cunt.  Roy
walked up to me and said "knell on the ground".  He and I dropped to our
knees and he pushed is cock into my waiting cunt.  By this time, Chris was
getting hard again and I motioned him to come over.  While standing in
front of me, I took his cock into my mouth and began to suck him, tasting
the cum from when I jerked himself off.  I caught a glance of Mary and Jean
working on Tom, Frank and Bob.

Roy began to pump his cock into my pussy harder and faster...I could tell
he was getting close.  Not wanting him to finish alone, I began to suck on
Chris's 9" cock harder and faster, cupping his balls in my hand.  As my
body began to tense up, I could feel Roy was beginning to fill my cunt with
cum.  As Chris began to cum, I took his cock out of my mouth and finished
by jerking him off, letting his cum splatter on my face and tongue.

After waiting for a few minuets, Mary and Jean had finished as well...we
got dressed and left the guys to shower off.  Mary, Jean and I went back to
our room and eat each others cunts....what a great taste...pussy and cum.  

After that encounter, we never had to want for a good hard cock for the
rest of the summer.


===


Here is another one for ya Matt....hope you enjoy it!


------------------------------------------------------------------------
It was Friday night and Sally and I were sitting around without much to do. 
I had not seen much of Sally as school was keeping me so busy but this was
the first Friday of my summer vacation.  Sally, who at 30 was much older
than I was, was actually the big sister of a friend of mine from HS. 
However, that friend went away to college in Washington (state) and Sally
and I seemed to have a lot in common so we develped a pretty good
relationship.  Sally had short dark browm hair and blue eyes and, standing
at 5'4", had a pretty good figure at 35C-26-33 and a beautfull face. 
However, Sally and her sister were pretty close so...as a result, Sally
knew of my aggressive sexual activities.

"Well, let's go out in a bit but first, let's get in the mood" Sally said
as she handed a beer and put in a video tape.  It turned out to be "Debbie
Does Dallas II" and with a smile she said "I don't know about you but I
want some action tonight."  I just smiled and enjoyed the video (one of my
favorites).

After it was over, we were both pretty hot and she suggested that we go to
one of the adult drive inns in the area.  It sounded like a good idea to me
and so, grabbing the rest of our beer we were off.

We ended up at the adult drive inn on Rt. 1 near college park.  Driving
around, we found a good spot and got settled in.  The first movie was some
really bad film by "Hustler" I think.  The only thing I really remember
about it is that it pretended to be a sex documentary and at one point
featured someone named "Honey".  She was performing before a small audience
and did things like blow candles out with her pussy, mop the floor with the
handle in her pussy and shot a wad of hand lotion out of her pussy about 
4 ft in the air - it was very strange.

It was during this section of the movie that we first notice these four
guys next to us (but a couple of spaces down) sitting in the bed of their
pick up truck.  They were making all kinds of "ga ga" sounds over what this
"Honey" could do.  After that section of the movie, one of them leaned over
and said "Hey, can you gals do that too?"  I just laughed and said that I
had better things to do with my pussy other that mop floor, blow candles
out or shot wads of hand lotion into the air.  After exchanging a few other
comments, they invited us over to their pickup.  Sally jumped out of the
car before I could even think about it and so, we went over and joined
them.

It turned out they were four seniors from UM.  Art, Joe, Paul and Greg were
attractive guys wearing spandax shorts and t-shirts.  It did not take
either Sally or me long to notice the buldges in their crothes as we gave a
cute "glance" to each other.

The next film was called "Stiff Compeition" and is set up like a boxing
type movie with the two exceptions:  1)  The fighters are women;  2) 
Rather than hitting each other, the competition is who can suck of a guys
the fastest.

Well, the movie was great because it was based on a subject I truly love
(cock sucking) and starred Nina Hartly (who I think is the hotest female
porn star currently).  Well, we drank through the movie and passed
flirtatuios comments back and forth with the guys.  When the movie ended,
Sally and I got up to leave when Art said "I bet you two would be a pretty
even match".  Sally smiled and said "Nah...I could beat her easy".  I
replied "No way....you want to put your money where your mouth is."  I was
pretty suprised when she said "Don't you mean put some cock and cum where
your mouth is.....I'm game.  You guys know of any place?"  I was suprised
because Sally was never much of a "open" person.  She tended to be more of
a one guy, lights out kind of woman.

Well, the guys lived in dorms and we all decided that was no good so,
taking up a collection amoungst themselvs, we went and got a room a the
Holiday Inn.

When we got into the room, Sally and I finished off the rest of our beer
while Joe and Greg went to get more.  After getting back, Sally stood up
and pulled off her shirt, exposing her tits as she had no bra, and said
"Let's get to it!".

Within a few seconds, the two of us stood before the four guys in nothing
but our panties.  "We need to decide who will judge and who will
participate.  Let's shoot quarter into the ashtray until we have two
winners" Greg said as he pulled out a quarter.  Setting up on the small
table in the room, the guys began.  Joe was the first to bounce the quarter
into the ashtray and, after several attempts, Greg got his shot to stay in
followed by Art.  Next, Sally and I shot quarters to see who would get to
pick - Sally won and chose Greg and Art.

With all the guys removing their spandax shorts, Joe and Greg got into
position in front of us;  they were ready to go.  Joe looked about 1"
longer than Greg but Greg was definetly thicker as Sally admired their
cocks swaying from side to side.

Art spoke up "ok, the rules are simple.  The first one to suck off their
guys wins.  In order to prove who wins, when you start to cum (pointing at
the two guys), you two (pointing to us gals) will remove your mouths and
take the cock into your hands and finish them off.  That is the only time
you may use your hands.  Any questions? (we both shoke our heads
know)....Then, on your mark, get set, go!!!"

Sally and I each engulfed the cocks that were bobing in front of us,
sucking them for all they were worth.  I had an advantage since Joe's cock
was not as thick but Sally was sucking for all she was worth, opening her
mouth as wide as she could to accomodate the cock.  She was having to work
much harder than I was as Joe's cock was slim enough to easily pump my
eager mouth.  Sally was having to use a lot of hand stroking to compensate
for Greg's thickness.

After about 1 min, Joe started really pumping his cock into my face;  I
knew he was close.  As I felt his cock begin to pulse, I withdrew my mouth
and finished him off with my hand, cum spurting into my eagerly awaiting
open mouth.  

The site of Joe shoting his load onto my face must have done the trick with
Greg because he simply said "Ohhhh yeah......suck it!" and, with Sally
pulling back her mouth, began to fill the air with cum.  Paul moved into
position I began to suck his cock (thicker than Joe's and not quite as
long) as I looked over to see Sally's face - a huge smile and cum dripping
off of her checks and chin.  I had a race on my hands!

Sally took Art into her mouth all the way to the hilt.  It was going to be
close as she and I were bobing our heads on the cocks in front of us,
slurping and licking like there was no tomorrow.

However, my lead proved to be the winning edge as Paul began to shot his
cum all over my face and toung.  Sally put Art's hands on her head and,
taking the hint, Art began to simply ram his cock into her mouth.  With an
"I'm gonna fill you mouth with cum, slut" Art began to pump Sally's mouth. 
As some cum began to seep out of the coners of her mouth, she continued to
swallow and glup Art's genorus helping of sperm until he was totally spent
and withdrew.

"Well, I guess you win.....your the better woman" Sally said.  I responded
"I may be the better woman but you got the first prize and I want some". 
With that, I leaned over and pressed my lips against her's.  Sally's sister
never told me if Sally had had another woman but I figured, what the fuck -
I would always blame it on the "heat of the moment" if she protested. 
However, she resopnded as our toungs intertwined.  The I could feel the cum
on her face as I tasted the remains of Art's cum in Sally's mouth.

Pulling away, Sally smiled and said "Ah, but you won and should be
rewarded" and, pushing me over the bed (so I was bent over the side of the
bed), she ripped off my panties and planted her face into my ass.  I could
feel her toung lick my crack and lick my asshole as she, speading my cunt
with her hands, moved down.  Her toung darted over my pussy, lapping at it,
entering my hole.  All I could do was push my ass and cunt into her face.

Gaining enough control, I slid up onto the bed and said "Give me your pussy
bitch!"  With that, we go into a wonderful "69" - her cunt tasted
wonderful!

After we both had several orgasums, Sally lifted her head from my still
eager cunt and said "You boys look like you could use another round - don't
be shy!"

Art approached my end and pushed the head of his cock into Sally's cunt
while I licked his balls.  Taking my last lick of Sally's pussy, I slide
out from under her and said "You boy's ever make a sandwich?"  Pusshing
Greg onto the bed, I climbed on top and inserrted his thick cock into my
pussy.  I turned to Joe and told him my ass was his.  He did not waste amy
time and quickly slide his shaft into my asshole.  Something about being
filled in both holes is simply wonderfull.

Paul got in front of Sally and she quickly gobbled his cock.  I could tell
by the arched back that she was having one hell of a orgasum after another
and I began to cum as well.  I could feel Joe begin to fill my ass with his
cum and began to hump Greg's thick monster has fast and hard as I could.

With a series of moans, Greg shot his load deep inside of me the same time
Art filled Sally's pussy full of his cum.  Never missing a stroke, Paul's
face got red as it was obvious that he was shooting his wad down Sally's
already well fucked mouth.

After cleaning up, we left the boys in the hotel and prepared for our ride
home.  I was still hot and, lifting up my skirt, began to pump my pussy
with my fingers.  Sally just smiled and said "Don't wear your self
out....that was my first group sceen and my first lesse experience.  I want
more of your pussy" as she grabbed my out of my pussy and began to suck on
the fingers.

I smiled knowing that the night was going to be filled with her pussy and
uncountable orgasms....and it was.

*************************************************************************
Well, what ya think!  I never did see those guys again but I do see Sally
from time to time.  She has moved up towards Balt. but I plan to spend the
weekend with her in the near future.  

What did you think of my last story.....provided you could read it.  I
saved this one in DOS text so it would be eaiser for you.  One thing about
writting these stories...I usually get so damm hot!  I have to run to the
ladies room and finger my self off!!  I liked that one
story...CINDY.TXT...that was one thing I never did was fuck or suck my
father (or any of my friends fathers).  I finger fucked myself three times
while reading that one.  Sometime this week I'm going to stop into an adult
bookstore I found near PAX River.  I could be fun...I heard they have video
boths with peep holes into adjoining booths!!!!  I'll let you know what
happens.


===


Hey Matt...I went to that adult book store today after work.....

**************************************************************************
Making sure I packed my favorite dildos and a small bottle of baby oil, I
went to work in anticipation of visiting the adult book store I had heard
about.  The day seemed like it would never end.

Finially, the day was over.  Stopping at McDonalds to change out of my work
cloths and into a very tight mini-skirt with no bra or panties,  I drove
over to the book store.  When I walked in, it was a normal store with a big
sign against the back wall "You must be over 18 to enter this section." 
Getting my ID out, I showed it to the attendant and then entered.  Man,
what a thrill!  I had never been in an adult bookstore before and I felt
myself get instantly wet seeing all the magazine covers of people sucking
and fucking.  Behind the counter, they had all kinds of vibrators, dildos,
dolls and male "blow job" devices.  I went over to the counter and got $10
in tokens for the video boths.  I browsed through the magazins, gang bang
sceens, women on women, men on men, bondage...all of it.  I finially could
not stand it any longer and went into the video both section.  I could hear
muffled sounds comming from some of the boths and finially found one that
was vacant.

Entering the dark booth, I droped a quarter in the machince and began my
movie.  Taking a seat, I pulled my skirt up and began to gently rub my
cunt.  I had just started and I was already soaked.  Looking around, I
found the two peep holes, one on each side.  Walking over to each of them,
I watched on guy jack off (I LOVE TO WATCH PEOPLE) and the other booth I
saw a guy sucking a cock off.  I went back to my chair and continued to rub
my cunt.  Pulling my top down, my nipples became hard as I pinched them.  I
was vaguly aware of the boths door next to mine open and then close.  I got
my dildos out and, greasing up one with the baby oil, inserted it into my
ass.  I got chills down my spine.

"Hey lady....looking good!" I heard from one of the holes in the wall. 
Turning my to face the hole, I shoved the other dildo into my cunt.  "You
like?"  I asked.  

"Yeah....you've got me hotter than these videos get me....never seen a
woman here before" he said.  "Well, if your tthhaatttttt hot, let's see
some meat.....poke that cock of your through the hole" I replied.

Not needing a second invatition, I was rewarded with a huge, thick, purple
cock.  His cock looked every bit as big and thick as John Holmes.  I steped
over to the hole and took the cock into my hand.  "I hope you can handle
it...not many women can...than't why I come here and jack off".  I answered
him by licking the shaft of his cock and then engulfing the head of it with
my mouth.

I could understand why many woman could not handle his cock...it was so
thick and despite its size, very hard (big cocks tend not to get all that
hard).  I slowly worked his cock into my mouth and could feel his eagerness
while I reamed my pussy with the dildo that was in it.

Once I had about 2/3 of his cock comfortable in my mouth, I began to slowly
pump it into and out of my mouth feeling the head of his shaft in my
throat.  After several times, I was rewarded with a health dose of pre-cum. 
I heard another voice say "Hey, bend that ass over here and let me take the
place of that dildo".  I obliged and was rewarded with a nice sized cock in
my cunt.  

The cock I was sucking on began to explode in my mouth, spewing forth much
more cum than I could handle as it ozzed out of my mouth, down my chin and
onto the floor.  I felt the guy fucking me from behind begin to cum all to
soon.  Behing totally worked up, as the fuck I had gotten did nothing but
make me even hornier, I turned around and bent over.  Taking the monster
cock into my hand, I slid it into my cunt.

Feeling the head of his cock enter me sent chills down my spine.  With a
little effort, I was soon able to take as much of his cock as stuck thru
the hole in the wall.  It had been a long time since I was totally reamed
out by such a huge cock and I wanted it hard and deep.  Banging my ass
against the wall, I forced that cock as hard and deep into my cunt as I
could.  I was then rewarded the the first of a wave of orgasums, one afer
another.  I rode his cock for a good 10 min. before I felt him begin to
surge.  "Oh yeah!  I've never cum twice before.....take it" he moaned as I
felt him fill my cunt with another health load of cum.

After pulling his cock out, I pulled up my skirt and gathered my things.  I
then peered into the hole and said "Hey...meet me outside of the store in
about 5 min."  We meet and chated for a few minuets and exchanged phone
numbers.  I told him point blank that I wanted to see him again, anytime,
as long as I could have that cock of his.  He laughed and said he would
call tomorrow....I'll have to wait and see.


===


Well, Doug called and we set up to meet for what turned out
to be the weekend at his place down on Lex. Park.....this is what happened.

***********************************************************************
When he called, he sounded a bit nervous, "Well, I called to see if you
were interested in.....uhhh......maybe sometime this weekend....."
I cut in and said "Doug, I'd love to!  How about I come down Friday night
after work and we'll take it from t here".

Again stopping at the McDonalds, I changed into one of those one piece knit
skirts, a bra with openings in the front that exposed my nipples and a pair
of lacy crotchless panties.  Not knowing if Doug wanted to go out or what,
I decided I would dress for anything.

I meet Doug at the restaurant and, after getting drinks at the bar, took our
seats and ordered.  Doug still seemed a bit nervous but he loosened up after
his second drink.  "You really did not have to take me out to dinner and
all...that was very sweet but.....that's not what I came down here for"
I began."

"Oh, what DID you come down here for?"

"I think you know.....what are you doing for the weekend?"

"Not much, just hanging out I guess, why?"

"Well...if you're interested, I'm yours for the weekend.  TOTALLY
yours....anything you want to do, anything you want.......all you have to do
is tell me what it is and I'll do it, without hesitation...."

Doug was speechless, not knowing what to do.  I don't think he had ever had
a girl offer her self in that way before.  We continued eating and made other
small talk.

We left and got back into his car (we dropped mine off at the base earlier).
I began "Well, you did not say anything about what I told you during
dinner...anything at ALL....."

"I don't know what to say...I'm not sure what exactly you mean...."

I could tell he wanted me to explain things a bit more so I continued,
"It's pretty simple.  You tell me what to do, I do it.  I want to be your
slave for the weekend.  I don't care what you tell me....if you want me
to take off my clothes and run around outside....if you want me to give
you a blow job sitting here.....there are no limits and there is nothing
I won't do that you ask...does that explain things?"

"You mean if I told you to give me a blow job right here, you'd do it?!"
 he said.  "Yesssss....." I replied.  "I don't believe it....in that case,
 do it, give me a blow job" he continued but the tone of his voice made
 it clear that he did not really think I would.  Without hesitation,
 I dropped my head into his lap and began to undo his pants.

"Hey...wait a second...you're serious aren't you?" he responded as I had
just gotten his cock into me hands.  Circling the had of his dick with
my tongue, I smiled and looked up - "Anything at all....."  With that,
I began to suck him off.  I could feel his cock growing as I bobbed my
head up and down on his wonderful cock.  Finally, he was fully hard and
was responding, pumping his cock into my mouth.  With a low moan, he
came in my throat, pumping my throat and mouth with his cum.  When he
finished, I leaned up and, licking my lips to get the rest of his cum,
said "Ahhh....what a wonderful desert." A car full of guys had pulled
up next to us just as I sat up...you should have seen the looks on
their faces!

We drove back to his apartment.  Once we walked into the door, he
was saying "I can't believe this...this can't be happening..."

Undoing my skirt, I let it fall to the floor.  "Do you believe this?"
I said, as I reached down and spread my cunt lips through the hole
in my panties.

"Shit......god damm.....you're awesome" he said as he looked over me.

"Well, what now?" I asked as I undid my shirt exposing my nipples
that had become hard from excitement.  I could see from the growing
bulge in Doug's pants that he approved.

"Lean against the couch and bend over....I'm going to fuck you
silly!" he said as he dropped his pants to the floor, exposing the
head of his cock.

Doing what he told me, he stepped up behind me and, with a little
help, pushed his cock deep inside me.  "SHIT!  You're even bigger
that I thought you would be...blowing you was one thing but
fuck...you really fill my pussy!"

Without saying a word, he just began to pump away using full
hard strokes.  Being so worked up after blowing him in the
parking lot, I started cumming on the 5th stroke.  I lost count
of the orgasms I had, one after another as he just continued to
pound my cunt until.  Finally, after what seemed like hours of
fucking, I could feel his cum spurting into my pussy.

When he withdrew his cock, I could feel the cum begin to drip from
my cunt down my legs.  "You really can take it!  Go clean up" he said.

After cleaning up and douching myself (guys hate to eat a pussy that's
been filled with cum).  Returning to the living room, he asked me to
go and check his mail (the mail box was at the bottom of the stairs).
Handing me the key, I did not hesitate and walked out of his apartment
and down the stairs.  I ran into two guys, about 14, who popped
boners instantly.  "When you get older.....sorry" I said as I got
the mail out of the box and then returned up stairs.

"Thanks..did you see anyone?" he asked.  "Just two boys, about
14 years old....they got their thrill for the year I guess."

Doug smiled and said "go get them and bring them in...I want you
to blow both of them...I'm going out on the balcony to watch."
Doing what I was told, I ran back outside and, stepping outside
(the building was enclosed), saw the two boys walking a way.
"Hey guys...come back..." I yelled after them.

Turning around, they saw me and, after a little hesitation,
walked back over to me.  "Would you like to come inside with me?"
The way their faces lit up, I knew the answer was yes.

After we got back to the apartment, I walked over to the couch
with the two boys following.  Standing in front of me, I said
"Let's see those boners".  They both undid their pants and,
pulling them down with their underwear, exposed their young cocks .

"You fellas look like you need some help but first....help
me out just a touch...ever had pussy before?"  They both
stammered no.

Spreading my legs, I began to rub my cunt and said "Your tongues
would feel much better than my fingers....".  Both boys knelt in
front of the couch and, taking turns, tasted my pussy.  Seeming
to like it, the continued to work my cunt over, lapping up my wetness.

"Why don't one of you stand up and let me suck you off while
the other continues to eat me?"  Taking one last kiss of my cunt,
one of the boys stood.  His erection was now purple, with a steady
stream of pre-cum running from it.  Taking the head of his cock
into my mouth, I savored the taste of his pre-cum, wrapping my tongue
around it's head.  Then, like a woman possessed, I took him fully
into my mouth and throat and began to pump him hard and fast.
I knew if I played around to long, he would cum from being to
excited but not really enjoy it.

After a while, with a bit of a whimper, he began to shoot his
cum into my waiting throat;  I could feel the huge globs of cum
enter my mouth as he pumped away.

Without saying a word, I pulled the other one up and gave him the
same treatment, sucking on his cock like there was no tomorrow.
When he began to cum, to give Doug more of a show, I pulled his
cock out of my mouth, pumping him with my hand, let him shoot his
thick boyish cum all over my face.

Lapping up the cum from my face with my tongue and hands, I watched
the two boys pull their pants up and leave, not really believing
what had just happened.

Doug came in from the balcony, pumping away on his cock with his
hand.  Walking over to me, with a loud moan, he shot another load
of his cum all over my body, with globs of his cum hitting my
face and tits.

I went and showered, cleaning all of the cum I could not lap up
off of my covered body.  After toling off and drying my hair, I
returned to the bedroom as he told me to.  With a lot of sucking,
I managed to get him up again for one more fuck.  However, he
pulled out a cucumber from under the bed.

"I once saw a contest in Hustler magazine where biker girls fucked
cucumbers;  they hold it under them and squat down on it, working
into their cunts.  The one that could take the biggest cucumber won
$100.  I've always wanted to see a girl do that" he said, handing
me the cucumber.

Getting into a squatting position, I took the cucumber from his hand.
I had told him I would do anything for him and I was not going to
back out now, though the idea of fucking a vegetable was not nearly
as appealing as jumping on his cock for another ride.

Looking at the cucumber, I could tell it was far wider than Doug's
cock.  Lowering myself down, I rubbed the cucumber on my cunt, to
lubricate it.  I was suprised when I felt a tingle run up my spine
and began to think "Here I am, a slave for this guy , willing to
do ANYTHING for him.  I'm totally nude, squatting and giving him a
full view of my soaked cunt and I'm about to fuck myself with a
cucumber!"

I began to work the cucumber into my cunt, despite it's size, my
urgency began to build as I worked more and more into myself.
Finally, with most of it in, he smiled and began stroking his
cock as I began to pump the cucumber into my cunt.  I had not
cum since his fuck from earlier in the evening and all of the
activity had worked me up.

"I want to cum...I want to cum first with the cucumber, then
with your cock...please" I began to beg;  he just smiled as I
worked the cucumber into my cunt.  Falling onto my back, I spread
my legs as far apart as I could, never stopping the rythym of
the cucumber.  Finally, my orgasm hit me like a wave, I became
oblivious to everything for several seconds.  Then, I felt his
hand pull the cucumber from my pussy.

"Eat it, and then I'll let you ride me".  I began to protest, I
did not even like cucumbers, but the ache in my pussy made me do
otherwise.  I took it from his hand and began to devour it.  This
was not the first time I had tasted my own pussy juices , but it
was the strangest;  I was amazed that I actually liked the cucumber,
coated with my cum.

After I had half way finished, Doug said "OK, you've earned it..how
do you want it?"   I asked him to lie on his back.  After he complied,
I straddled him, letting my ass face him.  Inserting his cock into my
dripping hole, I began to thrust hard and fast - the cucumber was good
but I wanted a cock.

Harder and deeper I forced his cock into my cunt.  From his surging
hips, I could tell he approved.  Reaching down, I began to finger
myself and play with his balls.  That was all it took for him "SHIT,
I'M CUMMING AGAIN...I CAN'T BELEIVE THIS!" he yelled.  Feeling him
in the throngs of his own orgasm sent me into the first of countless.
What a way to end the evening.

The next morning, after showering, I fixed breakfast and then dressed
for the day - a knit white mini-skirt with no bra or panties.  It
clung to my body, showing everyone the crack of my ass and it was
thin enough that you could make out, just barely, the brown of my
nipples.   There was also a wire running through the dress, at
waist level.  When I came out of the bathroom, he handed me a small
egg shaped vibrator.  "Put this in your cunt" he commanded.
After doing so, I put the skirt belt on to cover the wire.  Doug
connected the other end of the wire to a small control and turned
it on, very low.  "We'll see how you like that.  The rule is very
simple, you may not adjust the control without permission.  Got it."

We drove over to Annapolis Mall to look around.  I got looks from
 just about every guy there as I walked by (or at least it felt like
 it).  I was not use to showing my body like that....I have often
 dressed in "sleazy" outfits but when I do, I usually go to a bar
 or something along those lines.  This was a new experience for
 me...dressing sleazy and walking around in public.  I could tell
 that Doug was obviously enjoying the whole thing.  As for me, I
 had to find a bathroom a couple of times to wipe myself off - my
 cunt was so wet I was afraid it would soak through my outfit and
 show a "wet spot" to the world.  Aside from all that, the vibrator
 buried in my cunt was making me horny as hell!

After we ate, we drove over to Landover and got on the METRO rail.
Doug reached into my purse and took the vibrator control.  He got
a devilish look on his face as he began to play with the speed.
It was all I could do not to scream!  By this point, I was so
horny I would have fucked a tree.

After a few stops, we got off and got onto the return train.  It
did not take long before we were the only ones on the train.  We
pulled into a station, which was full of people going to other
direction.  "Pull up your skirt and stand up".  I was soooo horny
I did as I was told.  Our train doors had closed but we were not
moving, suddenly there were shouts as guys began to look at my ass.
"Play with your self, but don't cum bitch" he said and, obediently,
I began to rub my aching cunt as the train pulled out.

"OK..you've earned a fuck, get against one of these seats" Doug
said as he got up and undid his pants.  Removing the vibrator, I
did as I was told.  I could tell he was as horny as I was as his
cock entered my cunt from behind;  I began to have violent orgasms
as he entered me.  The train continued to roar on it's way to our
stop and he just banged away.  I felt him cum on his 4th stroke
but he just kept going, sending waves of orgasms over my body;
I could feel my knees buckle;  I was breathing so fast I thought
I would pass out.

Then, to my suprise, I felt him cum again (I've never had a guy
 cum twice in one fuck).  I was just barely aware of it as I was
having the orgasm of my life;  I could not breath, I could not
think - all I could do was feel it hit me and wash over my body.

Exhausted, he pulled out and zipped up his pants, just in time as
we pulled into the station.  I quickly adjusted my skirt and we
left - with smiles on our faces.

We then went out to eat and stopped by a couple of bars for some
drinks.  For the rest of the evening, I could still feel the glow
of the fucking I had had.

It was late when we got back to his place, and he was fairly drunk
(I drove - drinking and driving DON'T MIX [this has been Candy's
public service announcement].  Seriously, have you seen the tee-shirts
"See Dick drink, see Dick drive, see Dick DIE!  Don't be a DICK".
DON'T DO IT, EVER!!!).  We went to bed and after a fair amount of
sucking, I managed to get him up for one last fuck before we went
to sleep.

When we woke up I went into the bathroom and showered, as he told
me to do, and changed into a outfit we picked up during our shopping
the day before -a nightgown that I had bought for the occasion.  It
was black, with lace around the waist.  The panties had two holes in
the crotch, one to expose my pussy and one to expose my asshole.  The
top had holes cut out from each breast cup to expose just the nipple.

This was our last day together (actually, I had to leave around 5:00 pm
that day, but who was counting), and I had a feeling that he had made
big plans.

Shortly before 11:00 pm, there was a knock at the door.  "Answer that
slut!" Doug told me.  Opening the door slowly, there were four guys
(all of which had to pick up their jaws from the floor when I opened
the door), Tom, Dave, Jim and Bob.

After they came in and went into the living room, Doug said "Guys,
this is Candy...."  The guys made comments like "you got that right!",
"I bet she's sweet", etc. as he continued "She is our servant for the
day, anything you want, she's yours to command" with heavy emphasis
on servant.  I could feel myself becoming moist at the thought of
being a servant to the five of them.

The guys seemed to be pretty excited about the idea when I returned
from the kitchen with beers and pretzels.  Doug, with a grin on his
face, said "Watch this....use this on yourself" as he handed me a
huge dildo.  I took the dildo and without hesitation, spread my cunt
lips and inserted it deep into myself.  The guys just sat there
dumbstruck as I fucked myself with the dildo.  Doug could tell when
I was close and said "ah...none of that...first me, then we'll see"
he said as he dropped his sweat suit revealing his swelled cock.
The other guys followed suit as I knelt in front of Doug.

Doug began to pump his cock into my mouth, taking long deep strokes.
Meanwhile, Tom had knelt behind me and began licking my cunt and Dave
was manhandling the nipples on my tits.  I could tell from the way this
started it was going to be fast and hard.

I could tell that Doug was getting close as I felt him tensing up.
 I wanted him to last longer (I love sucking his cock...It's just so
 big, I just love the way it feels in my mouth) but I was his to serve.
 Apparently Tom had decided that he had had enough of eating my pussy
 and rammed his cock into it instead, sending chills up my spine.

Doug's cock began shooting his cum deep into my mouth and throat as
I tried to swallow it all.  Tom just continued to ram my cunt as hard
as he could.  His cock felt great but it was not nearly as good as Doug's.
While I was finishing lapping up Doug 's cum, I could feel Tom squirt his
cum into my pussy.

After resting for a couple of seconds, Doug and Tom got up.  Jim walked
up behind me and, noticing my panties, said "Well, from the looks of
things, you like it up the ass...I sure hope so because that's where
I'm going".  Bob had taken Doug's place on the couch and Dave had now
slid under me.  I could tell this was going to be good.

Taking Bob's cock into my mouth, I could feel Jim rubbing his cock on
 the outside of my cunt to get it lubricated.  Then, gently he inserted
 his cock into my ass.  Once he felt comfortable that I was ok, he began
 slowly working his cock in and out of my ass.  I then went crazy when I
 felt Dave's cock enter my pussy...I've been "sandwiched" only a couple
 of times but I LIKE IT!

I no longer cared about anything except cumming as I felt their cocks
 pump my ass and cunt.  I began working over Bob's cock, sucking it as
 hard as I could, I could not get enough of it.  "Shit...she a hoover!"
 he yelled as he began to shoot his load into my eager mouth.  After
 he finished though, I just kept sucking away....

Dave and Bob were now thrusting hard and fast.  Finally, as my first
orgasm hit me, I could feel Bob tensing up.  With a slap on my ass,
he shot his steamy load into me.  There was so much that it began to
run out.  While Bob was finishing filling my ass with his cum, Dave
began to shoot his load into my already cum filled cunt.  At this
point, Bob began to buck his hips again and, pulling my mouth back,
shot another load of cum all over my face.

After we rested and cleaned up, we fucked again and the guys were
just as enthusiastic as the first time.  But, as all good things
must end, it was about time for me to go.  Looking at the guys,
I said "You've been great but there is one more thing I want...I
want you to jerk off on me, all of you at once, while I bring myself
off".  The guys were more than happy to oblige.

Laying a blanket down, I stripped off my little outfit (except for
Doug, none of the guys had actually seen me without some kind of
clothing on) and grabbing the dildo I had used earlier, layed down
on the floor.  The guys surrounded me and began pumping their cocks
while I rammed the dildo into my very well fucked cunt.  One by one,
they came, shooting their warm sticky cum on my body, sending me
into one orgasm after another.

I went to the shower, my body literally dripping with cum from just
about everywhere.  When I got out and dressed, I found only Doug was
still there.  "You ok?  I hope we were not to rough for you..."
I just smiled and said "You all were great, but especially you and
this weekend.  Can I come down again in a couple of weeks?"

"SURE!  Just say when....what ever you want" he responded.

"I want the same as this weekend but next time make it atleast 10 guys...I
want a lot of fresh cock...."  The last part of that I said jokingly
but Doug had an evil grin on his face when I left....who know?
 
--
