 
Well....hello all!!  This is the next in the CANDY WEST series. 
 
I've been out of town for the past few months (college internship). 
Since I'm back, I though I would share some of my experiences.  I
had mentioned in the message base on the Social City BBS that I had
had a "Green Door" experience.  Well, I don't know if this
qualifies but.....here goes. 
 
I had been on the plane for hours and was feeling so relieved when
we filially landed.  The only problem....I was feeling pretty gross
too.  Some guy from the company, Bill,  met me at the airport and,
after picking up my luggage, took me to my hotel.  This was not my
first trip but definitely the longest.  All I wanted to do was get
in, get a hot shower, eat and sleep. 
 
Once I arrived at the hotel, Bill mentioned that he had heard I
liked parties from some other company employees in other areas I
had been and that, if I was interested, there was one that night. 
After thinking about it, I figured I could still eat, get a shower
and who was I to turn down free booze.  I thought it was a little
strange that other company employees had talked about me but, since
one or two of them had "gotten lucky", I figured that Bill was
hoping for the same. 
 
I told Bill to pick me up around 8:00 pm.  After he left, I ordered
some dinner from room service and, once it arrived, turned on the
TV.  The hotel had an adult channel so I figured, why not and
turned it on.  Watching the various folks suck and fuck each other
really "perked" me up.  I then undressed, noticing my nipples were
hard, and took a shower.  Afterwards, still feeling horny after
watching those porn movies, I took out a nice white crotchless
teddy and put on my black mini skirt and a thin white blouse.  It
had been a long plane ride and I decided I needed some serious
attention.  Looking at myself in the mirror, I could see my nipples
poking through the material in the teddy and the blouse.   
 
Bill called up from the lobby exactly at 8:00 pm.  Once down at the
lobby, we walked to the car, my nipples rock hard from the movies
and the chill in the air.  All Bill could do was look and say
"uh...you look NICE". 
 
The people at the party were pretty much in their late 20's, early
30's and pretty much a 40/60 ratio (women/men), with about 30
people there.  After a few drinks, I was feeling pretty good and
that horny feeling was getting stronger.  One of the guys there,
Frank, asked if anyone would mind if he put in an adult tape and,
with there being no objection he began it.  After about 20 min of
this, combined with the booze, the other movies and the long plane
ride, I was about to crawl out of my skin.  After about another 10
min, someone suggested we play a game called "truth or dare". 
 
"Truth or dare" is a game where you are asked a question by another
player.  You can either answer the question or take a dare.  If you
answer a question but the group votes that you have lied, you have
to take a dare.  The game went on for about 15 min and then turned
towards sex.  I was then asked the question "have you ever made it
with a woman"?  Not knowing these people and being somewhat
embarrassed, I said no.  The group however, voted that I was lying. 
By this time in the game, a few others had had to take a dare (a
few of the guys and gals had already striped down to their
underwear).  When the group decided I had to strip down to my
underwear, I almost died.  However, I had no choice and, undoing
my blouse and skirt, everyone got a "view".  The game continued and
filially came back to me...I was asked it I had ever masturbated. 
Again, being to embarrassed to admit it to a room full of
strangers, I said no and once again they voted that I was lying. 
This time, my dare seemed to be easier;  simply put on a blind fold
and kiss 4 people, identifying each.  After taking another drink,
stood up, forgetting about my crotchless teddy, and put on the
blind fold. 
 
The first came up to kiss me and, putting his hand between my legs,
gave me a deep french kiss.  I wanted to push his hand away but it
simply felt to good.  The rest of the 4 each got their turn, each
stroking my no sopping wet pussy.  After I took the blind fold off,
I could only identify 2 out of the four.  Thus, the group voted
another dare.  I was simply told to put the blind fold back on and
wait. 
 
After a what seemed like a lifetime, someone in the group told me
to begin playing with myself.  At first I resisted but, after
someone forced my hand between my legs, I could not help it.  I
began stroking my pussy and the thought of doing this with 20 or
thirty people watching made it even better.  I was then told
continue to stroke my pussy while someone tied my legs spread
eagle.  "Your pretty hot....but are you hot enough for this?"
someone said as I felt a rock hard cock placed into my hand.  "Suck
it!" he ordered.  While still fingering my cunt, I bent over and
took his cock into my mouth.  I then felt a tongue replace my
fingers on my pussy.  It thrust deep into it...god it felt GOOD! 
By this time, I had lost control...all I wanted to do was suck and
fuck everything in sight (pardon the pun, since I was blind
folded).  With someone tongue fucking me, I felt a huge cock
suddenly enter my pussy from behind.  He began fucking me for all
I was worth, banging his cock into my pussy.  The cock I had in my
mouth began to pulse and, with a moan, the guy sprayed his come all
over my mouth.  As soon as he finished, another cock took its
place.  I could not stand it any longer and, as my knees began to
quiver and buckle, I came, all the while with a cock being rammed
into my pussy and mouth and someone eating my pussy like there was
no tomorrow.  I could feel as the guy pulled his cock from my pussy
and came all over my ass.  The cock in my mouth once again began
to pulse and, with a deep thrust, came.  I let him shoot his cum
down my throat, savoring it. 
 
Thinking it was over, I began to remove my blindfold.  I was told
to kneel down on all fours.  I did so and my face was met with a
very wet pussy.  "Eat me you slut" she said.  Not needing a second
invitation, I dove in.  I then felt a guy slide under me and,
inserting his cock into my pussy, began pumping away.  I then got
a shock as I felt another guys cock begin probing my asshole.  I
started to life my head in protest but it was pushed back into the
drenched pussy.  After a few tries, I felt his cock enter my
asshole, slowly and shallow at first, then deeper and harder.  I
then heard two or three guys begin to moan as I felt their cum
shoot onto my back (I guess they stood next to me and jerked off). 
The gal whose pussy I was eating began to moan and, feeling her
tense up, I knew she had cum..."that was great!" was all she said. 
Her pussy was then replaced with another cock.  Not being to hold
back, I began to cum again and, sucking the cock in my mouth for
all it was worth, felt his warm cum shoot onto my face.  A few
seconds after that, I felt cum shoot onto my ass again as the guy
that was fucking my asshole came.  Feeling I could cum one last
time, I now sat up and began to ride that cock that was still in
my pussy.  I began to bounce up and down, forcing his cock into my
pussy as hard and deep as it would go.  With a moan, I knew he had
cum and, arching my back, I came as well. 
 
"Well, I think she has had enough...someone walk her to the
bathroom with her clothes so she can clean up".  When I came out
of the bathroom, everyone was clothed and all was as it was before
my sex adventure had begun.  One of the guys then offered to take
me back to the hotel and, being totally wasted and exhausted, I
accepted.  I never did find out who was doing what but, it was
GREAT! 
 
Well, that's it for now...hope you enjoyed it!  Another Candy story
will be out shortly!!! 
 
                                                                                                                                