[Candyboy, part 1/1]

I hate it when people ring my doorbell on one of the few days I 
can sleep in.  I'd been up half the night.  Ten AM seemed like an 
obscenity when I had designs on sleeping my entire day off and 
the sound of the doorbell was worse yet on a Saturday morning.  
But like anybody else, I'm programmed to answer the phone and 
answer the door when they ring.  Yet I was in a stupor.  I didn't 
even put on a pair of pants...I just ambled down the hall and 
opened the door, using it to hide the fact that I had nothing on 
but my skivvies.  I didn't care that my hair was standing on end.
The sunlight was blinding but in two seconds, the sight before me 
brought me straight to full consciousness.  
 
He was about 14.  His hair was jet black.  His eyes were big and 
brown and his skin was olive.  I didn't care what he wanted, I 
opened the door and said "Come on in."
 
"Hi, mister."  He held out a card.  "I'm with the Summer Jobs for 
Youth program and I'm selling candybars."
 
The tattered card looked like it had once been an official 
something or other and it bore the name Estephen Rodriguez.  I 
looked at it and then down at him.
 
"Steve Rodriguez...that's me."  He grinned.  So did I.  "I've got 
some nice chocolate candybars, Mister.  They're only two dollars 
and they're worth the money."
 
I wasn't thinking about the candybars in his box.  I was thinking 
about his tanned arms and shoulders.  About the tank top covering 
his hairless chest.  And about his white shorts and what sweet 
candy must be underneith them.  "Come on in, Stephen."  I walked 
to the kitchen and promptly sat down on a barstool.  "Here, pal."  
I tapped the stool next to mine.  The lad sat down on the stool 
revealing his smooth Mexican thighs.  I took the candybar from 
his hand and looked past it to the bulge of his teenage basket.  
Just looking at him brought a warmth to my loins.  It was more 
than a warmth for I was in my underwear in front of this lad and 
it flat out started what was turning into a class A erection.
 
I decided, "What the hell."  I lowered the candybar to my lap and 
as his eyes followed mine down to it, there was no question he 
could see the shape of my enlarged dick.  I looked up and saw his 
eyes staring at it and it made me even more excited.  He was only 
inches away as we faced each other.  I just kept looking at the 
candybar as if to read the label and he kept looking at my very 
hot dick.  Finally he squirmed alittle and I studied his own 
basket to see if I could detect a sign in his own loins.
 
"Ya know, Steve...I love to suck on a good candybar."  I looked 
him squarely in the eyes and when they rose to meet mine, I 
smiled coyly.  "Ya got any other sweet candy I can suck on?"  I 
couldn't believe how brazen I was with a total stranger and a kid 
at that.  I wanted there to be no mistake.  I dropped my eyes to 
his crotch and then back to his eyes.  "I'd buy twenty dollars 
worth if you have something better."

This latin adolescent pursed his lips like he was studying a 
poker bid.  He looked abit nervous for a second and I decided I 
needed to give him a way out.  "Course if that's all you've got, 
I could buy a couple of these."  He squirmed abit more only this 
time, I could see that he clearly was becoming aroused at my 
blatant proposition.
 
"Yeah I got another candybar, maybe."
 
"I like it big...you got a big one?"  I continued.  "Big and 
chocolate flavored."  I reached down and squeezed and adjusted 
myself while looking straight at his own bulge.
 
"It's definately worth twenty dollars."  He squeezed his own 
member now and I knew this was one street smart, hot little kid.
 
"Well, stand up here, big boy...lets have a look at that 
candybar."  I reached over and touched his thigh, and tugged him 
gently off of his barstool.
 
Stephen stood up, unbuttoned his shorts in the front, pulled down 
the zipper and gave me a peek as he pulled the elastic forward 
from his undershorts.  "This IS what you had in mind...THIS big?"  
Here was a kid who was proud of his size but then Hispanic kids 
are proud of everything, I thought.
 
"That's exactly what I had in mind, Stephen."  I leaned forward, 
put my fingers over his to pull the front of his shorts down 
further to reveal a very large, semi-hard chocolate sweet 
boydick.  I was off my barstool and I dropped to my knees before 
this tasty manboy.  He stood before me, waiting.  I reached up on 
each side of him.
 
"Here, let me do it."  I was nearly breathless as I hooked my 
fingers into the belt of his unfastened shorts and pulled them to 
the floor.  Freed of his shorts, I gazed at his dick which was 
now nearly six inches long.  The head of his manhood was pink and 
it contrasted with the whisp of dark black, thick pubic hair 
surrounding it.  If Stephen wasn't fully grown, the boy was going 
to be a monster.  I put one hand gently on his hip, squeezing his 
firm, muscular buttocks.  With the other, I grasped his penis at 
the base and squeezed it, making an up and down motion so as to 
increase his size.  He was already at his full length but my 
touch made it firm and erect.  "You like that, don't you?"  I 
said, breaking the silence.
 
"Yeah...and your mouth would be nice on there," he answered.  
Stephan has had his cock sucked before--there was no question 
about that.  I lowered my left hand to the floor, picked up half 
of his shorts and said, "Here, slip out of these and spread out 
alittle."  
 
The boy lifted a foot and I slipped his shorts over his white 
tennis shoes.  He held onto the kitchen bar and when he put his 
foot back down, he took a stance with his feet about eighteen 
inches apart.  Now I could see his ballsack.  It was dark brown 
and hairless and full.  As I held his cock in one hand, I reached 
up and ran my fingers across his scrotum, first along the side 
and then reaching around to the back so as to hold them fully in 
one hand.
 
"Take off your shirt, Steve, will you?"  I asked.  "I want to see 
all of you."  With that, I leaned forward and kissed the side of 
his dick.
 
"YOU do it," he answered.  I have his dick a very temporary lick 
goodbye and stood up, grabbing his shirt at the bottom and I 
pulled it over his head.  As I dropped it to the floor, I brought 
my hands down across his now-bare shoulders.
 
"You really are beautiful, Stephen!"  I moved my hands from his 
shoulders across his bare chest and I spread my fingers across 
both of his dark brown nipples.  The boy surprised me.  He 
reached into the elastic of my undershorts and stooped down, 
bringing them to the floor.  My hands nearly left him but I kept 
the touch by bending down and stroking his thick, black hair.  It 
took no prompting for me to step out of my shorts and here we 
were, standing up, facing each other in our nakedness.  The boy 
who woke me so rudely with his box of chocolates was going to 
give me the treat of my life.
 
"Come on...we can do better than the kitchen," I said as I gently 
put my hand on his shoulder and led him to the living room of my 
apartment.  "The couch...that okay?" I asked as I relished his 
firm back and slender ass.
 
"Cool."  He laid down on the couch, leaving one leg on the 
cushion.  His knee was high in the air.  "Shoes."  He said, 
almost apologizing for putting his tennis shoe on my divan.  
Stephen unlashed the one on the couch.  I bent down and ran my 
fingers down the calf of the leg on the floor and unlashed and 
removed the other shoe.  I was on my knees below him and when I 
removed his shoe, I placed his bare foot on my naked crotch.  His 
foot was moist and warm and it felt very good at that moment.  We 
were very much aware of our nakedness this Saturday morning.  His 
loins were spread as one foot was on the cushion and the other on 
the floor.  I had access to his stiff cock, his balls and even a 
part of his ass below.
 
"Now, for tasting your candy, big guy."  I straddled the extended 
foot below me, leaning back on it so I felt his ankle and foot on 
my balls and my ass.  I put my legs together on his leg and 
leaned down, grasping his thigh and part of his ass with one hand 
and with the other, I stroked his dick and lowered my mouth to 
it.  I only touched my lips to the pinkness of his cock.  I 
breathed a hot breath on it and smelled his adolescence.  It was 
almost too much for me to smell this puberty.  I took him in my 
mouth, this mansized cock on such a beautiful young boy.  The 
smell and taste of him was an erotic delight in itself.

He responded by carressing my hair and my ears and for both of 
us, the contact of my head against his loins made us both more 
keenly aware of what we were doing.  He simply laid back and 
enjoyed my attentions.  I expected an early climax but he was 
apparently experienced for he did not cum like so many young boys 
do.  Instead, he moved his hips towards me as I took him in.  He 
was fucking my mouth just as I was sucking on him.
 
We said nothing.  We only breathed as I sucked his organ.  I 
pulled out and kissed and licked his wet member...concentrating 
on the ridge between head and shaft.  I lowered my attention to 
his balls and he spread himself more and slid his hips slightly 
off of the couch so I had access to his entire pelvis.  He never 
took his hands away as I moved downward and put my hands below 
him.  His ballsac was smooth and warm and as I tasted it all 
over, I could feel his gonads with my tongue.  Lower, between his 
legs, my tongue danced across the ridge of skin that led to his 
ass.  I wet him and licked him thoroughly and enjoyed the taste 
and smell of this boy.  I kept reminding myself of his youth, so 
mature for his fourteen years.
 
As I returned to his dick, I discovered to my delight he had 
given some slippery precum and my tongue spread it on the head 
and the ridge below.  As I worked the salty slippery around him, 
he felt it too and now he was working on building his climax.  I 
watched his eyes close, watching his fine features as I licked 
his cock.  Finally, it was clear he had reached his point.  The 
muscles deep in his groin tightened as if he were withholding his 
boycum from me.  I sucked him hard, daring him to hold it longer 
and finally he moaned and his dick throbbed in great involuntary 
spasms, sending his boyjuices into my mouth.
 
It just doesn't get any better than this, I thought.  I finished 
him off, sucking all from him that he gave me.  He finally 
released my head and lay back, collapsed.  With that, I ran my 
hands the length of his body, feeling his hairless nakedness, his 
firm boyflesh, so chocolate tan.  He was still breathing hard as 
I lifted his legs onto the couch so he was lying there.  
Tenderly, I continued carressing his body...the inside of his 
legs, his muscular thighs, his flat stomach and firm chest.  I 
kissed his nipple and then carressed his face.  Finally I dared 
to kiss him on the mouth.  Very gently, barely touching his lips 
with mine.  He had not responded until now when he parted his 
lips and allowed me to taste his mouth as he tasted what was left 
of his own boycum which I had savored.  As my tongue entered his 
mouth he returned by entering mine.  I rested one hand on his 
chest as I stroked his forehead and hair, kissing him long and 
deeply and enjoying the kiss that he returned.
 
Stephen reached with his free hand to my own cock and squeezed 
it.  I was wet with the anticipation that my body had generated 
as I made love to him with my mouth.  He spread my precum on me 
and rubbed me into a state of frenzy.  We kissed each other all 
along, taking turns as I penetrated his mouth deeply and then he 
penetrated me.  He got up from the couch and motioned me to lie 
on my back which I did.  He lifted my legs and I rested them on 
his back as he leaned down on his hands and knees and took my 
dick into his mouth.  I couldn't help but look at him, feel his 
back on my legs and study this lovely boy as he worked my cock.  
Stephen knew what he was doing.  He rubbed my thighs, my ass and 
my balls as he sucked me.  I studied the contrast of his black 
hair and dark face against the white of my stomach and it made me 
all the hotter.  I was captivated at the sight of his turned up 
nose.  I put my hands on the cheeks of his face and carressed him 
and with that, came the intenseness of my own climax as I felt 
the tingle all over me.  Like he did, I held back my cum for as 
long as I could but his sucking was relentless and my body gave 
his waiting mouth all that I had.  It was a great deal for I had 
been very horney.  He swallowed me twice, hardly stopping and 
like I had, he sucked my hard until I was completely spent.
 
Stephen then crawled forward and lay on top of me so we could 
enjoy each other's nakedness as the excitment of his lovemaking 
subsided.  He rested his cheek on my chest as I ran my hands 
across his back and over his ass.   For several minutes, we just 
lay in each others arms, saying nothing.
 
Finally he got up.  "I have to go now.  They'll miss me."
 
I hated that for I wanted him to stay with me.  I wanted him 
again and again.  I wanted to taste him again, all over.  "I hope 
we can do this again, Stephen."
 
He smiled.  "Yeah, this was great."
 
"I guess I need to pay you for this candy," I said, still 
disappointed that it was over.
 
"No chance."  He was dressing.  He turned to me and said, "I did 
it with you because I wanted to.  I don't do this for money."
 
I smiled as I got up.  When he finished dressing, I put my arms 
around him.
 
"I don't live around here, you know.  I live down on the west 
side."
 
"I figured."  
 
He walked back to the kitchen, helping himself to a pen and an 
envelope of unopened mail on the countertop.  He wrote a phone 
number on the back of the envelope.  "If you call and someone 
else answers...just hang up."  I nodded.  "But keep trying."
 
"I will."  I walked into the bedroom, took a twenty out of my 
billfold and gave it to him.  "Lets see...thats five candybars 
you owe me."  He took the candy from his box, laid them on the 
counter. 
 
 
"You got THAT right...and I think I'll be a regular customer."  
With that, he was out the door.
