                       CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE CANINE KIND

                                    By George


     Earl was feeling good, he'd just got paid, his brother had let
him borrow his convertible, and he'd finally talked Audra in to going
out with him.  Anyone can see why Earl would be elated about the first
two events, but why the third?  Frankly, it had taken him a long time
to work up the courage; you see Earl was black and Audra white.
Although interracial relationships may seem quite common nowadays
there is still a lot of tension involved.  On top of that Earl was
only seventeen, Audra was twenty-two.  He had felt that the prospects
were highly unlikely that she would agree, especially since the
supermarket they both worked at frowned on employee dating.  But she
had.  Of course she knew what he had in mind.  He had asked her to go
with him to Rose Lake, just outside of town, to look for UFO's.  Rose
Lake had been the seen of some UFO activity a couple of years back,
but it was now all quiet.  Audra knew that he wanted one thing; to get
in her pants.
     Earl took a great deal of care readying himself for his big date,
carefully shaving his face, making sure he didn't use too much
 -- Hit SPACEBAR for more -- cologne, and checking to make sure that his flat top was perfectly
flat.  After a long lecture from his brother about his fate if any
thing happened to the car, Earl finally started his long awaited
departure.  Hell, he had even conned his brother to get him to
sixpacks.  He kept the car steady until he was well out of sight of
the house and then really put his foot down.
     It was just getting dark when Earl arrived at the duplex where
Audra lived.  Making sure the beer was out of sight Earl steadied
himself and walked to the door.  The interior door was open, he
knocked on the screen and Audra called out that it was open.  Audra
was sitting on the couch, she was curvy with shoulder length brown
hair cut into a neat bob.  She was neither buxom nor underdeveloped,
pleasingly plump would be the best term.  Earl entered and took a seat
on the other end of the couch, not wanting to be too familiar too
soon.  It was obvious that she had already had a few and Earl thanked
his lucky stars.
     Just as he was beginning to get a grasp of how drunk she was a
noise from the back of the apartment startled him.  Another woman came
staggering out, the sound of a running toilet signifying what she had
been doing.  Earl's jaw dropped, it was Joan.  Joan was a manager at
the store, she was close to forty but didn't show it, in her younger
days she had been quite a beauty.  Joan was of medium height and
build, with long, honey blond, hair; that was only beginning to show a
 -- Hit SPACEBAR for more -- few streaks of grey.  She was even more drunk that Audra, Earl was
taken aback; she had always seemed so cool and aloof and correct.  The
guys at work had always wondered if she fucked around, but none of the
had the courage to ask.  Earl was disappointed, now he had his drunk
boss tagging along.  Joan's presence didn't seem to bother Audra, she
was raring to go.  Joan seemed almost eager.
     Earl accompanied the two women to the car, praying that no one
got sick on the upholstery.  Audra quickly found the beer and began
distributing them, Earl sipped his sullenly as he pointed the car in
the direction of Rose Lake.  It was a fairly long drive, Earl put the
top down at Audra's request.  The two women seemed concerned with
nothing but getting even drunker, at least he had one consolation;
everything he said brought forth a chorus of giggles from the girls.
     It was somewhere in the vicinity of nine o'clock when they
arrived at Rose Lake.  The lake was in a secluded spot, often
frequented by lovers, lately activity had dropped off due to the UFO
scare.  Reports of strange lights and hairy bigfoot-like things had
attracted the curious and the kooky, depriving the would be lovers of
a secluded spot.  Some still frequented the lake and "going to look
for little green men" had become a euphemism for getting laid.  The
lake was deserted that night.  The three slowly tottered down the path
from the dirt road to the lake shore.  It as a fine night, clear with
a slight breeze blowing off the lake.  Audra plopped down in the sand,
 -- Hit SPACEBAR for more -- teasing Earl about the UFO's, he felt embarrassed; if only they had
been alone he would have made his move.  Earl sat there in humiliated
silence.
     But things brightened; Joan, who had until now had said very
little except to giggle wildly, broke the ice.  She suggested that the
three of them go skinny dipping.  Earl was dumbfounded, he couldn't
believe his ears, the straight laced manager of his store suggesting
something like that!  What flabbergasted him even more was Audra's
readiness to go along.  Maybe the evening wouldn't be a total loss,
even if he didn't any pussy at least he would have the privilege of
seeing both of them in the buff.  Unable to control his enthusiasm,
Earl beat them both undressing.
     Earl took in the sight of the two naked women carefully.  Audra,
while plump, had a soft pleasing shape that appealed to him.  He
marveled at Joan, her body tight and supple, her tits had remained
firm through out the years; her body had a well toned cast about it
that indicated that she exercised regularly.  Earl had trouble hiding
his erection, but they hit the water and it's coolness reined him in.
They swam, playing silly games that left open plenty of room for body
contact.  Earl floated in the water, wondering if there was an chance
of action tonight.  He hoped so, while Audra had been his original
choice he hoped that there might be a possibility that Joan might be
open for a little fucking.  The beer was having it's effect on them,
 -- Hit SPACEBAR for more -- they cut their swim short.  Returning to the shore Earl thought for a
moment that he had seen someone in the shadows, but no, there was not
chance of anyone being out here tonight.
     Returning to the beach Earl flopped down in the sand,
surprisingly Joan dropped down close to him, giggling.  He felt his
erection begin to grow, she was so close to him he couldn't stand it.
Audra excused herself to go piss and traipsed off to the woods,
unexpectedly Joan reached over and began stroking his shining, black,
body.  Earl couldn't move, he was paralyzed with wonder, he felt like
pinching his self to see if he was awake or not.  He knew luck was
with him tonight when she gently lifted his hardening cock and
positioned her mouth over it, ready to take it in.  That was the last
thing he remembered.
     Earl awoke, he was bound in an upright position.  Looking around
he notic, in frontthem was a two level stone dais.  The cave was
indirectly lit, casting gloomy shadows about.  There were two dogs on
the dais, on the upper tier was a German shepherd; below him sat a
black doberman.  Both dogs were resting on cushions.  They were
flanked by several large, hairy, man-like beings that could only be
described as bigfoots.  Earl decided that he must be dreaming, as he
shook his head he became aware of a voice.
     "Ah, you're awake", the voice said.
     Earl looked around for the speaker, but could see no one; not
 -- Hit SPACEBAR for more -- even a place where anyone could be hiding.
     "Over here, in front of you."
     Earl swung his head around, all he could see was the two dogs.
Someone must be trying to trick him.
     "Don't be fooled", the voice stated, "these words come from no
human presence."
     Earl couldn't believe it, the voice seemed to be coming from the
shepherd.
     "I know it must be hard for you to understand since on your world
someone like me would have not power of communication, but then you
have ever been a race that held it's self to be the only sentient
beings in the universe."
     Earl almost shit himself, the shepherd was looking directly at
him.  The dog was not like most he had seen, no tongue hanging out, no
tail wagging.  The idea that someone was appearing to be the voice of
the dog quickly left him, through out the whole episode the dog had
kept his eyes directly on Earl.
     "I am Ofid, and this is Vorer" the shepherd indicating the
doberman, "and we are from the Sirrius system.  Yes, that's right, the
star you know as the dog star.  We are on this primitive mudball you
call a world on a little hunting expedition."
     The words "hunting expedition" froze Earl's blood cold.  The
thought of these dogs communicating had dumbfounded him, but now he
 -- Hit SPACEBAR for more -- was really scared.  His attention became fixed on the dog, he was sure
he was about to die.  The shepherd had risen, and was walking slowly
towards him.
     "You see, many thousands of years ago an expedition from our
world was stranded in this vicinity, your's was the only planet
capable of sustaining life so it is evident that they landed here.  We
were at war with the shaggy creatures you see standing behind me", the
dog indicated the bigfoot like creatures, "and it was some decades
before we could ready an expedition to rescue them.  Imagine our
surprise to find out that they had gone wild and that your early
ancestors had domesticated them."
     The dog had moved over closer to the women, by now the doberman
had followed him.
     "It also seems that one of our spacers found your females
attractive and finding the opportunity to mate with one.  Much to his
surprise he enjoyed it even more that with the females of his own
kind.  It transpired that he brought two back with him and the
practice caught on.  So, we are here for women from your world to
satisfy our carnal desires", the dog said smugly.
     It was all too bizarre, Earl thought he had gone insane, but no
matter how he tried he couldn't bring himself around to reality.  This
was real.  The shepherd had walked over to where Joan was, by know
both women were awake and aware of what was going on.  Earl wondered
 -- Hit SPACEBAR for more -- why they didn't speak, and for that matter why he had not.
     "Your question is easily answered", the dog intoned, "we have
developed mental powers beyond your comprehension.  We can read your
every though and paralyze your power of speech as well."
     The dog sauntered closer to Joan, thrusting his nose closer he
began to sniff he cunt, obviously enjoying the scent.  The shepherd
abruptly turned towards the man-like creatures.
     "Bring this woman to me", he ordered; indicating Joan.
     The hairy anthropoids unbound Joan, seized hold of her and took
her kicking and screaming to the dais where the shepherd had resumed
his resting position.  Earl could see that the animal had a huge
erection.  Joan resisted with all her strength, but it was to no
avail, the huge man-apes were too strong.  She was dragged to the
shepherd and forced into a kneeling position.  The dog began to
concentrate on her intently, Joan reached down and grasped his cock.
Earl noted that she must have had no control over her actions; she had
a look of horror on her face as she began to fondle his dork with one
had and his ball sack with the other.
     "Ah", said the dog with and obvious not of pleasure in his voice,
"easier to control than I expected.  Veror, you may do with the other
as you wish."
     Earl watched with disgust as the doberman ordered Audra brought
to him.  He kept telling himself that it must be a dream, but why
 -- Hit SPACEBAR for more -- would he dream something like this?  Joan had slowly moved her head
toward the dog's cock, the look of horror on her face now gone.
Slowly, licking her lips, she took the dog's dick in her mouth.  Audra
had been taken through the same procedure, and was now stroking the
cock of the doberman, who was definitely enjoying himself.  Joan's
look of fright had left her to be replaced by a look of pure
contentment.  She was becoming involved in sucking the shepherd's
cock, alternately taking it out and licking the head and shaft then
plunging it back into her mouth.  Audra had also seemed to find a new
found enjoyment in the doberman's rod, sucking in it as hard as she
could.  Earl tried to look away, but somehow he felt compelled to
watch this strange tableaux.
     The shepherd had tired of having his cock sucked and had ordered
Joan down on all fours.  He swiftly mounted her and began to hump her
with all his might.  The dog had now loosened his control on Joan's
mind, she was emitting soft moans of pleasure; punctuated by the sound
of the dog's balls slapping across her ass.  The dog was visibly
excited, pumping furiously.  The doberman, evidently not as well
practiced as the shepherd, had ordered Audra to take his cock out of
her mouth and was currently releasing his load in her face.  When he
was done she greedily lapped it off her cheeks.  By now the shepherd
was pumping as fast as he could, giving one final deep thrust he
released his load into Joan's pussy, it was large and the excess ran
 -- Hit SPACEBAR for more -- out of her cunt and down her legs onto the floor.  Both dog's returned
to their places, the two women following them and laying down beside
each respective canine in total submission to them.
     Earl was sick, he had wanted to vomit but couldn't.  The
situation was worsened by the apparent fact that the display had
excited the hairy humanoid servants of the dogs.
     "You may do with the other one as you wish", the dog stated to
the anthropoids almost as an after thought.
     Earl fainted as the largest of the bigfeet moved towards him with
it's huge cock in it's furry hand.
     He awoke later in his car, unsure how he had got there.  Earl
headed back home wondering what had happened that night, pondering his
sore jaw and aching hemorrhoids, completely aware that Joan and Audra
were traveling across the galaxy as sex toys of their canine masters.



Press <RETURN> to continue, <m> to mail, <D> to download:
