				Jessica and the Cannibals   
   
				by Neuralmancer   
   
The usual disclaimer:   
This story is fiction.  The author neither supports nor encourages the events   
described herein.   
   
Picture this:  A plane full of beautiful western coeds crash lands at a remote   
area of the island of New Guinea.  They still have cannibals there (at least as   
of recently they did).  What would happen if this group of western coeds gets   
captured by the cannibals?  White skinned women with dark skinned native   
cannibals.  This story is a contemplation of one possible outcome of such a   
meeting.   
   
Chapter 1                       The Crash   
   
The fuselage of the twin engine airplane had some how remained intact upon   
landing.  If you could call what had just occurred a landing.  Both wings were   
gone.  Forced down somewhere over the island of New Guinea by a violent   
storm, the six college aged women were quite lucky to be alive.  Both the pilot   
and copilot were dead.  With the storm continuing to rage outside, the six   
huddled together within the wreak of the plane.  None of them had any idea   
where they were.   
   
Jessica did her best to console the other five.  They were all about the same   
age, twenty-one plus or minus a year.  She was one of the few to keep her wits   
as the plane came to a sudden stop in the jungle.  Characteristics that Jessica   
never fully realized that she had, put her at the head of this little group of   
castaways.  Tall for a woman at near six feet, with long blond hair flowing   
straight pass her shoulders coupled with a full bosom, she came across as a   
brash amazon.  Her spirit would soon be put to the test.   
   
Then there is Melody.  Practically Jessica's opposite in demeanor, she is every   
mother's dream.  Amply built with large, but firm breasts, coupled with equally   
ample hips, she is something of a stereotype.  Some claimed that deference is   
her middle name.   
   
Never leave out Tara and Taren.  These two are a clique onto themselves.    
They both looked like they just came off the cover of Cosmopolitan magazine.    
Both are amply chested and love to show it off.  Low cut blouses and the   
shortest skirts that they could get away with are their favorite form of dress.    
Brunette man teasers from the word go.   
   
No one was ever quite sure about Sandy.  With a slim athletic body and long   
straight blond hair hanging almost down to her ass, she at first appears to be   
quite with it.  However take some time to listen to her and one begins to   
wonder.  Her stories are rarely ever consistent.  You have to come to the   
conclusion that her life is one long made up story.  The other girls quickly   
learned to take whatever Sandy said with the proverbial grain of salt.   
   
Last, but by no means least, there is Cassandra.  With fiery red hair and a   
temper to match, people learned to keep her on their side of an issue.  Her   
headstrong behavior frequently got her into trouble.   
   
As they kept together in the darkened plane, Jessica did her best to calm the   
sobbing Melody.  In form as ever, both Tara and Taren just unemotionally   
hugged each other.  Something real happening to her at last, Sandy kept staring   
out a window.  Never mind that she couldn't see a thing in the darkness.    
Cassandra sat in her chair and quietly swore to herself about her sudden   
misfortune.   
   
From the illumination provided by an ever so brief flash of lighting, something   
out in the jungle caught Sandy's attention.  "Someone's out there!", she   
suddenly screamed.   
   
"Oh come on Sandy, not here, not now.  We are in the middle of no where.    
Besides, if there is indeed someone out there, why haven't they come and get   
us?", questioned Cassandra.   
   
"I swear I saw someone.  No lie.", replied Sandy.  Sandy continued to look   
intensively out the window, but nothing was to be seen.  The storm continuing   
about them, they could do little, but wait.   
   
Morning came and it was as if the storm had never happened.  Tentatively the   
six young women crawled out off the destroyed airplane.  "Well what do we do   
now?", questioned Cassandra.  They just looked at each other.  Wandering   
about,  no signs of civilization were immediately apparent.   
   
"Wonder whether the plane's radio still works.  I'll go the flight deck and see   
what I can find.", said Jessica.   
   
Melody turned to Jessica with a look of amazement in her eyes.  "How can you   
go in there?  There are two dead people in there!"  Melody shivered at the   
thought of once again encountering the pilot and copilot, both now rigid in   
their deaths.   
   
"Be brave Melody."  With no further ado, Jessica entered the fight deck and   
began to search for a radio.  Her heart sank when she saw the condition of the   
fight controls.  Everything was smashed.  There was no hope of either calling   
out to someone on the radio, or for that matter hearing someone calling them.   
   
Exiting the plane, Jessica called out to the others.  "We need to take stock of   
what condition were in.  What kind of provisions are left on the plane and that   
sort of thing."  Looking about she noticed that both Tara and Taren were   
absent.  "Where did those two go?"   
   
"There's a path entering the jungle.  They decided to see where it led.", replied   
Sandy.   
   
"Oh no.  We can't have people wandering about unorganized.  We have no idea   
what's about."  Turning her attention to Melody, Jessica continued, "You and   
Sandy say here and gather up what supplies you can find.  Food, water, a map,   
anything that you think might be useful."  Turning about, Jessica saw that   
Cassandra had changed into more suitable clothes, shorts and boots.  That girl   
is always prepared, she thought.  Much better than my tennis shoes.  Oh well, I   
have nothing else.  "Cassandra, lets you and me go see what Tara and Taren   
have discovered."   
   
"OK fearless leader.  Off we go into another fine mess.", grumbled Cassandra.    
Cassandra was being true to form.  With that Jessica and Cassandra entered the   
jungle.   
   
Tara and Taren hadn't gone too far when they heard the sound of running   
water.  Leaving the path, they soon discovered a waterfall with a wide pool   
beneath it.  The cascade of water was several feet wide and made an excellent   
natural shower.  There was a ledge beside the pool underneath the waterfall   
just wide enough for two people to stand on.  After the long fight and the night   
in the plane, Tara and Taren felt pretty grimy.  A bath was in order.  "Want to   
take a shower?", asked Tara of Taren.   
   
"Lets!", eagerly replied Taren.  The two of them then quickly stripped off their   
clothes and carefully hung them of the branches of a nearby tree.  Naked, they   
walked down to the ledge and let the waterfall rinse their dirty bodies.  Using   
their hands, they vigorously massaged each others flesh.  The feel of the water   
was extremely refreshing.  Embracing each other, their mouths met in a kiss.    
Their long almost jet black hair draped across each other's shoulders as they   
seemed to merge into one under the waterfall's vigorous spray.  Both Tara and   
Taren enjoyed the company of the same sex just about as much as they enjoyed   
the company of the opposite sex.  As a pair, they never wanted for sexual need.    
They could always simply turn to each other for satisfaction.  And they   
frequently did.  Still  within the spray of the waterfall, Tara pressed Taren   
against the rocks.  Getting down on her knees, Tara then attacked Taren's now   
quite open sex with the tip of her well educated tongue.  Taren shuddered with   
joy as Tara's tongue expertly manipulated her clitoris.  Taren's body shook   
with her orgasm.  Reversing positions, Taren promptly reciprocated the   
pleasure, while in addition managing to cup Tara's firm breasts in her hands.    
Taren reached up with her fingers and squeezed Tara's extremely stiff nipples.    
As Taren rolled Tara's nipples between her thumb and forefinger a low moan   
escaped Tara's lips.   Both of them now feeling carefree, they joined hands and   
jumped into the pool.  A quick swim brought them to the shore where they   
continued their loving embrace.  Pressing their bodies together, Taren below   
and Tara on top, they once again attempted to bring each other off.  Ignoring   
the world around them, with a bump and grind motion of their hips, they   
sought a secret pleasure spot that would put each of them once again   
momentarily into oblivion.   
   

The world wasn't ignoring them.  Several pairs of unseen eyes watched Tara   
and Taren as they played their water games.  As Tara and Taren embraced at   
the pool's shore, the men watching them sensed their chance.  Five men rushed   
from their place of concealment and grabbed Tara and Taren.  Tara quickly   
lifted her head and screamed.  A pair of men to each Tara and Taren, one   
grabbed the wrists while another grabbed the ankles.  Firmly holding the   
women  to the ground, the fifth man then gagged their mouths.  Unable to   
make any further cries, Tara and Taren then had their both their wrists and   
their ankles held firmly about stiff wooden poles.  Their wrists and ankles were   
then securely tied together. Lifting their bound booty, both Tara and Taren   
supported by only their wrist and ankle ties such their asses hung low to the   
ground, just like captured animals, the men of the jungle carried them off.  As   
they carried Tara and Taren feet first down the jungle path, Tara felt a hand   
roughly grasp her one of her full breasts.  She squirmed about the pole as the   
man carrying her from behind cruelly manipulated her nipple.   
   
As they were carried, the fifth man, not assigned carrying duty, walked along   
the two bound women and rubbed his hands over their flesh.  Taren winced in   
pain as the man walking beside her pinched her thigh.  Systematically he   
proceeded from first Taren and then to Tara and tested the firmness of the flesh   
on their arms, legs, buttocks, and breasts.  It was as if they were being   
measured for the amount of fat that their bodies contained.   
   
Walking briskly down the jungle path, Jessica and Cassandra heard a scream.    
"It came from the left!", shouted Jessica.  Leaving the path, Jessica and   
Cassandra pushed aside the undergrowth as they hurried to the source of the   
scream.   
   
"Look over there, its their clothes hanging from those trees.", Cassandra   
pointed out.  There was no other sign of the two missing women.  Noticing the   
waterfall and the now quite still pool beneath it, they came across an area   
where foot prints could be clearly made out. Obviously someone had recently   
been here.   
   
"This doesn't look good.  Lets get back to the plane."  Jessica suggested.   
   
Cassandra just nodded her approval.  She didn't care to know the fate that had   
befallen their friends.  As quickly as they could, Jessica and Cassandra climbed   
back up beside the waterfall and returned to the path.  Retracing their steps,   
they ran back to the plane.   
   
"Melody, Sandy, get in the plane. I think that were not alone out here.", yelled   
Jessica.  No reply came back to them.  Startled by the silence, Jessica and   
Cassandra vainly searched about the plane for Melody and Sandy.  They were   
no where to be found.   
   
"Look here.  More foot prints.  Just like those that we saw by the pool.", cried   
out Cassandra.  Following the trail of foot prints into the jungle, They came   
across the clothes that both Melody and Sandy had been wearing. "They were   
both apparently striped and then kidnapped.  Kinky bastards.", Cassandra   
postulated.   
   
Turning her attention to Cassandra, Jessica summed up their situation.  "We're   
definitely being threatened.  We need a weapon.  I remember seeing a flare   
gun back on the flight deck.  Lets go back to the plane, retrieve the gun, and   
then see where these tracks lead."   
   
"You're sure that's wise?  The others disappeared so quickly.  Whoever did this   
is probably not to be fooled with.", asked Cassandra.   
   
"We can't just leave our friends to what ever fate these characters have in   
mind.  Come on, lets get going."  Not sure of what else to do, Cassandra   
reluctantly followed Jessica back to the plane.   
   
Following the trail, Jessica and Cassandra slowly advanced on a native village.    
So far no one had seen them.  Carefully peering from behind a bush, they   
could see a cage constructed of shout timbers.  Located next to the village's   
largest hut, the cage was about half the size of the village's smallest hut.    
Clearly visible within the cramped cage were  Tara, Taren, Sandy, and   
Melody.  They were all naked.  Not that was particularly special, for all the   
native women were also quite naked.  Only the men wore anything at all, a   
simple G-string like affair that kept their penis in place.   
   
Jessica didn't like the looks of the village.  There were allot of natives and only   
two of them.  The natives did indeed look like they were not to be messed   
with.  The appearance of several grinning skulls atop the entrance to the largest   
hut didn't encourage her.  Their only hope would be to create a diversion.    
With luck that would give one of them enough time to free their friends.   
   
After explaining her plan to Cassandra, Jessica maneuvered over to the far end   
of the village, as far from the cage  as she could get.  Pointing the flare pistol   
into the air, Jessica pulled the trigger.  Nothing happened.  Panicking, she tried   
again. Again nothing happened.  Breaking apart the pistol, Jessica saw the   
problem.  The cartage was wet.  It was too late now.  The men of the village   
saw her.  Turning to run Jessica didn't get far.  After only a few steps, Jessica   
was quickly swept off her feet.  Extremely confused, Jessica found herself   
hanging upside down from a tree.  She had stepped into a trap.   
   
Seeing Jessica's fate, Cassandra realizing that there was no longer any hope to   
rescue there friends, attempted her own escape.  Running back through the   
jungle, densely packed vines and tree branches cutting her body as she ran,   
Cassandra tried to put as much distance between her and the village as she   
could.  Almost blinded by fear, Cassandra practically collided with a man   
standing in front of her.  Looking up, Cassandra saw that the man was not like   
the others.  He skin was white.  Wearing khaki pants and shirt with a broad hat   
to match, Cassandra was frantic.  "My friends in the village.  Their prisoners.    
You've got to get help!", Cassandra pleaded with the white man.   
   
"Now don't worry my fare one.  Everything will be fine."  With that   
reassurance he firmly grabbed Cassandra by the hand and started back towards   
the village.   
   
"What are you doing?  We have to get away from the village!", asked   
Cassandra.  Yelling something in a language that she didn't understand, they   
continued towards the village.  Cassandra struggled to get away.  What's with   
this guy she thought.   
   
From the village two natives appeared.  Rushing over they relieved Cassandra   
from the white man's care.  "Ado, my lovely one.  One way or another we'll   
meet again."  With a disbelieving look upon her face the two natives forced   
Cassandra back to the village.  The white man just smiled.   
   


Chapter 2                       Captured   
   
 Approximately in the center of the village, was a pair of posts supporting an   
overhead crossbeam.  Another crossbeam was near the ground.  Bound to the   
crossbeams with their arms and legs spread wide apart, were Jessica and   
Cassandra.  The hemp rope tightly bound both their wrists and ankles and their   
bodies were pulled taut between the crossbeams.  Their friends in the cage had   
a clear view of their ordeals.   
   
Pai approached the pair of bound captives with a stone knife in his right hand.    
He was the headman of the village.  His word was law.  Largely built for a   
Papuan, he had won his position by a contest of strength.  No one else dared   
cross him.  Turning his attention to the white man, Pai asked, "You have no   
desires on these women?"   
   
The white man answered back in the villager's own language (for the sake of   
those readers who don't speak any of the many disjointed Papuan languages,   
the narrator is kindly instantaneously translating the Papuan language into   
English), "No.  Do what you like with them.  Just make sure that they never   
leave your care.  We don't want foreign eyes viewing our operations here."    
The white man knew that he had just sealed the six young women's fate.  The   
members of this particular tribe were known for their appetite for human flesh.   
   
Now free to do as he pleased, Pai went up to Cassandra.  Cassandra screamed   
when she saw the knife.  Expertly employing the stone knife, a knife as sharp   
as any western steel knife, Pai neatly sliced off Cassandra's shirt.  It fell away   
in tatters.  Cassandra wore a bra just like the other women.  Pai having seen   
these before, detested the sight.  Grabbing the bra straps, a quick snip was all   
that was necessary to free Cassandra's breasts from their confinement.   
Reaching up with his free left hand, Pai roughly squeezed first Cassandra's left   
breast followed by her right breast.  Nice firm young flesh.  He then proceeded   
to Cassandra's shorts.  A pair of quick slices with the knife and Cassandra was   
down to her panties.  Temporarily dropping the knife, Pai simply ripped the   
Cassandra's panties from her body.  He delighted in her nudity.  Pai really   
enjoyed this part.  Being the headman, he could of ordered someone else to   
strip the captives.  However, the pleasure of the stripping would then be denied   
him.   
   
Cupping Cassandra's cunt in his right hand, he poked his index finger into her   
gapping vagina. In and out he thrust his finger.  A sigh of pleasure escaped   
from Cassandra's lips.  Judging her response with hungry eyes, Pai was pleased   
with the result.  Cassandra, bound tightly between the crossbeams, squirmed   
back and forth in response to Pai's probing finger.  Her cunt became   
increasingly wetter.   
   
"Please don't hurt me", pleaded Cassandra.  Not understanding the language of   
her cries, but guessing there meaning easily enough, Pai vacated Cassandra's   
cunt and moved his hands over her soft flesh.  Starting at her ankles, he   
caressed her calves, then felt the firmness of her thighs, followed by her a   
rough massage of Cassandra's fleshy buttocks.  If he ever got tired of receiving   
her sexual favors, she would make quite a tasty morsel he thought.   
   
Pai then turned his attentions to Jessica.  Picking up the stone knife, he   
promptly striped her just like he had previously done to Cassandra.  Pai had   
never seen a woman with blonde hair.  He delighted in running his hands   
through her long blonde tresses.  As Pai brought his hands out of Jessica's hair   
and moved them towards her ample bosom, Jessica attempted to kick Pai with   
her knees.  Pai was initially taken aback by this behavior.  He expected the   
women to struggle, but to actually attempt bodily harm to him, that was   
something else.  Pai smiled.  "So, you have the spirit of a warrior within you.    
It will be a joy making you submit to my will.  I'll cause your belly to swell   
with child, your breasts to fill with milk, and you will beg for my attention."    
Although Jessica had no idea what Pai was saying exactly, she could tell by his   
tone of voice that it was something threatening.  Tightly squeezing Jessica's   
ample breasts, Pai came to the conclusion that this woman would have no   
trouble nursing.  Moving his hands down Jessica's sides, Pai grabbed her ass   
checks with both hands.  Nicely hipped, she should be able to easily   
accommodate his thrusts.  Giving birth shouldn't be a problem either.   
   
Jessica shouted obscene words to her abuser, "You mother fucker, you're not   
going to get a thing from me!".  Not that it seemed to matter.  The native in   
front of her continued his prodding regardless of what ever she said.  Her   
protests seemed to be somewhat in vain, deep down in her heart Jessica   
realized that she had little hope of resisting the man's approaches.   
   
A native woman came up to Pai.  Pai would kowtow to no one, except that is   
to his wife.  Usually not interfering, when his wife did want something Pai had   
found that it was usually best to let her have her way.  Otherwise he would   
have hell to pay.  She could make his life a continuous misery.  Sometimes he   
secretly pictured his wife either in the cooking pot, or slowly roasting above an   
open fire.  That would put a final end to the bitch.  Alas, that could never   
happen, his wife had too many friends among the village.  Oh perhaps to   
dream.  Now what did she want?   
   
"Pai, I need wetnurses.  A couple of the village women are having difficulty   
giving milk.  Those two that you have bound there, I think that they would do   
nicely.  I want you to save them from the pot.", Pai's wife told him.   
   

Pai smiled.  For once his wife's desires coincided with his own.  He was very   
pleased with the turn of events.  This would work out quite nicely, two more   
beautiful women for his bed, and another four destined for either the cooking   
pot or the open fire.  Pai ordered Jessica and Cassandra cut down from the   
crossbeams and brought to his hut.   
   
"Where's my chief's hat?"  Frantically the headman's cook searched his hut for   
his prize possession.  Given to him by the visiting white people, he wore the   
hat as a symbol of his status.  Short with a huge belly, he had been given the   
special honor of being responsible for supervising the preparation and cooking   
of all of the tribes captives.   
   
His wife gave him a quizzical look.  "Why do you insist on wearing that silly   
looking hat?  Its where you left it last, under our bed."  Men, never to her   
dying day would she understand them.   
   
Retrieving his hat, he quickly exited the hut and hurried for the cage.    
Awakened from his afternoon nap, he had just been informed of the arrival of   
new captives.  He hoped that they weren't Baptists.  The last person that hey   
had for dinner, a Baptist missionary, gave chief Pai a bad case of indigestion.    
For the next twenty-four hours, Pai had made everyone miserable.   
   
The four women within the cage still had their wrists bound behind their backs.    
Not caring about her nudity, Sandy stood peering between the wooden bars of   
their cage.  Melody sat with her knees drawn up to her chest in one corner.    
She tried vainly to cover herself.  The natives had burst upon Sandy and   
Melody at the crash site.  Ordered to strip, they were then marched to the   
village where they joined Tara and Taren in the cage. Tara and Taren relaxed   
against the rear of the cage.  Still together as always, their attitude was that   
since everyone else was either naked or near naked, then they shouldn't feel   
uncomfortable.  Both their wrists and ankles remained sore however.    
Continuing having their wrists tied didn't help any.  Rope burns were clearly   
visible.   
   
"I think we're in trouble.", announced Sandy.  Approaching their cage was a   
short native wearing a chefs hat.   
   
Entering the cage, the cook examined the captives.  Guards remained outside   
of the cage to prevent the captive's escape.  Reaching over to feel the flesh of   
the slim one with long blonde hair, he came to the conclusion that her meat   
would be rather tough.  Grasping one of Sandy's arms, her muscles felt hard to   
his touch.  Bending down with his knees, he then felt Sandy's thighs and   
calves.  Again they felt hard.  This one is definitely a boiler he thought.  Next   
he approached Tara and Taren.  As he had done with Sandy, the cook felt the   
flesh of their arms and legs.  These women had much softer flesh than did the   
slim blonde.  He then reached over and cupped Tara's ample breasts in his   
hands.  Nice meat he thought.  Just a little fattening up and this pair would   
make fine roasters.  Finally the cook examined Melody.  The cook was   
immediately taken by the woman's fleshy buttocks and equally ample chest.    
No fattening required for this one the cook thought.  Not too skinny, yet not   
too fat either.  Plenty of meat to go around.  Turning to the guards in   
attendance while pointing to Melody, the cook yelled, "We'll have this one   
tonight.  Have her prepared for the oven."  The cook had two roasters and a   
boiler, just for the sake of variety he decided to bake this one.  Melody began   
to sob uncontrollably as the cook left the cage.   
   


Chapter 3                       Melody gets Cooked   
   
Within the headman's hut, Jessica and Cassandra were held down by women   
from the village.  Pai's wife then entered carrying a gourd containing some sort   
of noxious liquid.  Even from a distance, the smell was overpowering.   
   
"There's no way you're going to make us drink that stuff.", explained   
Cassandra.  The native women not understanding English, simply proceeded to   
administer the drink.   
   
Going first to Cassandra, a woman behind her firmly tilted Cassandra's head   
back.  At first Cassandra attempted to keep her mouth tightly closed.  In   
response another woman placed an extremely odorous substance at Cassandra's   
nostrils.  Coughing for breath, Cassandra opened her mouth.  Seeing the   
opportunity, Pai's wife then poured the gourd's contents down Cassandra's   
throat.  Cassandra had no choice, but to swallow.  Pai's wife reached down and   
caressed Cassandra's breasts.  "Very good.  Soon your breasts will begin to   
produce copulas amounts of milk.  Just a few more applications and you will   
be in need of almost constant milking.  You'll serve very well to nurse our   
young."  Pai's wife then moved her free hand to Cassandra's vagina.  "Oh by   
the way, as a side effect, you'll get very hot.  You'll begin to crave frequent   
vigorous fucking.  You'll become pregnant and your belly will swell with   
child.  You should feel fortunate, for unlike your friends in the cage, you're   
escaping the cooking pot."   
   
Though Cassandra had no idea what the woman had said, she realized severe   
things were about to happen to her. Almost immediately after swallowing the   
liquid, Cassandra began to feel changes occur to her body.  It began to feel   
hotter than it had just a few moments before.  From no conscious act on   
Cassandra's part, her vagina felt more lubricated.  An odd irritated feeling   
started to grow deep within Cassandra's vagina. She recognized this as the   
cravings she would get just prior to being taken by a man.  Coupled with the   
changes happening at Cassandra's sexual organs, her breasts were already   
starting to feel fuller.  Her nipples began to feel tender.  Cassandra had heard   
of all of the strange drugs just waiting to be discovered within the jungle.  She   
started to think that she had just taken one of the most powerful.   
   
The application of the liquid from the gourd was repeated to Jessica.  After   
witnessing what Cassandra had gone through, Jessica offered considerably less   
resistance.  Jessica swallowed the liquid and like Cassandra, Jessica's body   
began to change.   
   
Pai had been standing at the hut's entrance watching the administration of the   
drugs to the two captives.  Upon the tasks completion, his wife turned to face   
him, "Wait just a few hours."  Pointing to the two white women within the hut,   
she continued, "Their lust should build to a peak by then.  I wouldn't be   
surprised if they beg you to fuck them.  We should have a good time."  Pai   
looked at his wife and smiled.  Although he would of preferred to have the pair   
of white women all to himself, sharing them with his wife was a price that he   
had to pay.  Although he frequently got to the point where he wanted nothing   
more to do with his wife, she had almost the same level of lustful desire within   
her as he did.  Hell on two legs he thought.   
   
While Pai and his wife waited for the drugs to have their effect on Jessica and   
Cassandra, a pair of native men armed with spears came for Melody.  Grabbing   
Melody by her hair, they promptly got her to her feet and pulled her out of the   
cage.  Melody continued to cry.   
   
"Be brave Melody.  They can only have your body, never your mind.", yelled   
Sandy as Melody was forced to the crossbeams that had formerly constrained   
both Jessica and Cassandra.  Like those two before her, Melody was tightly   
bound with both her arms and legs spread wide apart.  The villagers had no   
interest whatsoever with Melody's mind.   
   
Armed with sharp stone knives, the women of the village got to work.  Every   
strand of hair was scraped from Melody's body.  While Melody wailed, one   
woman standing behind Melody began the task of denuding Melody's scalp.    
Large clumps of hair fell to the ground.  Another woman knelt in front of   
Melody and labored to remove  Melody's vaginal hair.  Still others worked on   
Melody's arms and legs.  Soon they had her flesh completely hairless.  The   
scraping completed, Melody's flesh was then scrubbed with an acidic liquid   
made from tree bark.  The acid was very strong.  Melody winced in pain as the   
acid stung her tender skin.  At the most sensitive parts of Melody's body, such   
as her nipples and vagina, the acid's sting made her loudly cry out.  All of the   
stubble remaining from Melody's shaving came off in the process.  The acid   
also tended to add to the flavor.   
   
Released from the crossbeams, Melody was then taken to the village's latrine.    
Made to bend over face down, a greased wooden tube was forced deeply into   
Melody's ass.  Melody screamed as a hot liquid poured into her bowels.  The   
tube was then withdrawn and Melody was directed to relieve herself over the   
open pit.  Her intestines cleaned out, the process was repeated to Melody's   
vagina.  The hot liquid burned as it passed her sexual passages.   
   
Melody's cleaning was then completed at a nearby stream.  The village women   
washed Melody from the top of her now bald head to the tip of her toes.  This   
part was at least not unpleasant.  The natives liked their meat clean.   
   
Melody was then taken to the cooking area and tied to a wooden platform   
parallel to the ground.  Wails of despair came from her mouth when she saw   
what was clearly recognizable as being an oven.  The oven was definitely big   
enough to contain a person.  Someone had already started the oven's charcoal   
fire.  Melody lay on her back bound and helpless as she waited for the cook.   
   
By the time the cooking preparations had been completed to Melody, both   
Jessica and Cassandra were in a bad way.  Their loins felt as if they were on   
fire.  With their hands tied, they could do little to relieve themselves.  Upon   
seeing Pai, Jessica's cunt began to lubricate profusely.  Although she tried   
desperately to control herself, no thoughts, but those of Pai's cock came to her.    
She needed fucking badly.  Cassandra was going through similar contortions.   
   
"Lets take these two outside so that they may watch their friends final   
moments.  They may then have the privilege of serving us.", Pai told his wife.    
Pai's wife did not want to miss either the spectacle of the woman being forced   
into the oven.  Neither did she want to miss out on Cassandra's delicious   
looking cunt.  She eagerly agreed to her husband's request.   
   

From the hut's porch Pai and his wife had a clear view of the cooking area.    
Jessica was placed in front of Pai and Cassandra was positioned in front of his   
wife.  Both Jessica's and Cassandra's hands remained tied behind their backs.    
Via hand gestures, the pair of white women were ordered to orally satisfy Pai   
and his wife.  At first Jessica and Cassandra hesitated, but with the prod of   
spear points into their backs they both reluctantly did as instructed.  Maybe   
afterwards Pai would relieve her sexual itch, Jessica thought.  The sight of   
Pai's stiff cock caused Jessica's cunt to remain open and dripping.  Already the   
drug was changing the white women's attitudes.  Released from its holder, Pai's   
cock stood stiff and erect in front of Jessica's face.  Hands not required nor   
even available, Jessica took his cock into her mouth and began to suck.  Up   
and down bobbed Jessica's head.  Pausing briefly at the tip of Pai's cock,   
Jessica delicately massaged the glands with her tongue.  Her playing with his   
pee hole drove Pai crazy with desire.  Next to Jessica, Cassandra had begun to   
lick Pai's wife's labia.  Locating the woman's clitoris, Cassandra obediently   
sucked on the little nub.  Pai's wife sighed with delight.   
   
Pai gave the signal to begin.  One of the cooks assistants tilted Melody's body   
toward the ground.  Her head dropped to a point lower than her feet.  Near her   
neck a large earthen pot was then placed.  With a quick swipe of a sharp stone   
knife the cook then cut deeply into Melody's throat.  She never even had a   
chance to scream.  Her life blood poured out into the waiting pot.  Melody   
squirmed vainly within her bounds as she died.  Several times she tried to cry   
out, only to emit low barely perceivable guttural noises.   
   
Too caught up with the sexual effects the drug that they had been given,   
neither Jessica nor Cassandra paid any attention to their former friends   
condition.  Only the villagers and those white women left within the cage,   
watched Melody's death throes.   
   
As soon as Melody motions were stilled by her death, she was released from   
the platform and placed on her back on top of a pewter tray.  The pot   
containing Melody's blood was saved for the night's festivities.  As one   
assistant pulled Melody's legs back against her ample chest, another assistant   
held Melody's wrist about her knees.  The cook then proceeded to tie Melody's   
hands together.  In this position, Melody's hairless cunt was brought up and   
open.  The cook paused briefly and poked his index finger into Melody's cunt.    
Withdrawing his finger, he savored her juices.  Continuing his task, the cook   
then ordered that Melody's body be coated with a specially prepared sauce.    
His pair of assistants labored at the task.  By the use of brushes made from   
animal fur, they soon had Melody covered from head to toe.  Her skin   
glistened in the afternoon sun.  Topping off the presentation, the cook arranged   
an assortment of onions and peppers about Melody's nude form.  She was now   
ready for the oven.   
   
Having some difficulty taking his mind off Jessica's cock sucking, Pai noticed   
that the cook had prepared one of his favorite recipes.  Pai began to salivate at   
the sight.  With a quick gesture of his hand, Pai signaled his approval of the   
cook's performance.   
   
Pleased that Pai liked what he saw, for if he hadn't it would have been the   
cook's turn to go into the oven, the cook indicated to his assistants to slide   
Melody into the oven.  The oven was essentially a earthen enclosure the sides   
of which had been hardened by frequent use.  Behind the oven, an assistant   
forced air to the charcoal fire at the oven's base by means of a crude bellows.    
Grasping the pewter tray on either side, they carefully positioned her on top of   
a series cut stone slabs above the charcoal bed.  The oven was already up to   
temperature.  Once they had Melody within the oven, a stone slab was   
positioned to block the entrance way.  The heat of the oven soon began to cook   
Melody's flesh.  By evening she would done to a golden brown.   
   
For all practical purposes the villagers lived within the stone age.  However   
contact with western civilization had been made and some trade goods, like the   
pewter plate and the cook's chef hat, had been obtained.  Unbeknown to the   
villagers however, their unique culture was only being preserved by the   
dramatic efforts of a few outsiders.  This tribe was essentially a living   
museum.  The effort to preserve the tribe and its culture was viewed by some   
as an effort akin to saving a portion of the tropical rain forest.  Severe penalties   
fell to those, like the six white women, who either with forethought or without,   
penetrated to the tribe's secret world.   
   


Chapter 4                       Two new Slaves   
   
Pai loved Jessica's exquisite cock sucking.  Reaching down with his large   
hands, he kneaded both of Jessica's ample breasts.  Jessica's nipples hardened   
to his touch.  Damn those drugs are potent, Pai thought.  Wishing now to enjoy   
Jessica further, Pai ordered that her wrists be unbound.  One of the guards in   
attendance took a knife and in one swift cut, severed the rope binding Jessica's   
wrists.  As she looked up at her new master, Pai lifted Jessica up by the waist   
and set her down onto his lap.  She didn't have to be told what to do.  Jessica   
adroitly reached down, grabbed Pai's cock and guided it into her receptive   
vagina.  Collective sighs of pleasure escaped from Pai's and Jessica's lips.    
Jessica proceeded to slide all the way down onto Pai's erect penis.  She was   
that well lubricated.  Slowly Jessica began to move her body up and down.    
Moving his hands to Jessica's tits, Pai squeezed them tightly.  Jessica hastened   
her pace.  Finally she was getting the relief that she so desperately sought.  Pai   
couldn't take much more.  Signaled by a loud bellow, Pai furiously pumped his   
life seed into Jessica's cunt.  Pai remaining hard after his climax, Jessica   
frantically pumped herself up and down Pai's spent cock.  It didn't take long for   
Jessica to achieve her own feeling of satisfaction.  Jessica's body shook   
violently as she came.   
   
While Pai and Jessica were enjoying each other, Cassandra expertly serviced   
Pai's wife.  Not leaving any portion of his wife's vaginal region untouched,   
Pai's wife repeatedly achieved orgasm.  Pausing briefly, Pai's wife looked   
down on Cassandra and said, "Now its time that we changed places, my dear."    
Like Jessica before her, Cassandra then had the ropes binding her wrists   
severed.  Cassandra quickly realized what was expected of her and laid back   
on the rough wooden planks of the porch.  Kneeing between Cassandra's legs,   
Pai's wife brought her tongue to Cassandra's vagina.  Never before had another   
woman touched Cassandra like this.  Cassandra shuddered at the contact.    
After a while Cassandra began to enjoy the attention that Pai's wife was giving   
her.  Cassandra sighed with pleasure.  Soon the feeling from Cassandra's cunt   
began to build in intensity.  Pai's wife worked her tongue around Cassandra's   
sensitive clitoris.  Just a few applications of the woman's tongue to Cassandra's   
clitoris did the trick.  With a loud shout, Cassandra came, her first time with   
another woman.   
   
Throughout the long afternoon, as Melody cooked, Jessica and Cassandra   
switched back and forth between Pai and his wife.  Both Pai and his wife had a   
huge degree of sexual stamina.  Much more so than either Jessica or   
Cassandra.  By the time evening came around, they were both practically   
exhausted.  Pai had ejaculated twice into each of the white women's cunts.  His   
wife in turn had lost count of the number of orgasms that she had achieved.    
With looks of satisfaction locked upon their faces, both Jessica and Cassandra   
relaxed next to Pai's feet.   
   
Soon it was time for dinner.  All of the afternoon's sexual exertion had made   
Pai and his wife extremely hungry.  Pai stood up and queried the cook on the   
status of the evening meal.   
   
"It should be ready about now.", answered the cook.  With that the cook   
ordered his assistants to remove Melody from the oven.  Pushing aside the   
heavy stone blocking the entranceway, Melody was revealed.  Due to the sauce   
that had been liberally applied to her flesh, her body now had a deep brown   
color.  As they removed her from the oven, steam rose from her cooked flesh.    
Cooking juices dripped from her gapping vagina.  A heavy cooking scent,   
something like that of roasted pork, filled the air.   
   
Moving the pewter tray to just in front of the headman's hut, Pai took the first   
cuts of meat.  Using a sharp stone knife, Pai sliced off a portion of Melody's   
right breast.  Quickly he consumed the piece of meat.  "It's very good.  Cook,   
you outdid yourself as usual."   
   
As Pai had now taken the first bite, villagers lined up to receive portions of the   
white woman's flesh.  By order of their status in the village, those near the top   
of the social order getting the choicest cuts, Melody was quickly consumed.    
Soon there was nothing left, save her bones.   
   
Previously Jessica and Cassandra hadn't realized what was going on.  They had   
been too caught up with the effects of the drug that had been administered to   
them.  It had been awhile now and it dawned on them that this was their friend   
Melody that the villagers were in the process of devouring.  Jessica wanted to   
be sick.   
   
Having satisfied his initial hunger, Pai looked down to his two new slaves.    
"They should eat something.", he told his wife, who at that moment was more   
concerned about chewing the meat from Melody's upper right arm.  Pai   
ordered his guards to hold Jessica and Cassandra down.  Taking a piece of   
meat in one hand, Pai placed in front of Jessica's mouth.  Jessica clamped her   
mouth shut as tightly as she could.  She would not become a cannibal.  In Pai's   
other hand he held the same sort of smelly substance that earlier had so   
effectively forced the white women's mouths open.  Holding his other hand   
with the odorous substance to Jessica's nose again did the trick.  Coughing,   
Jessica had to open her mouth.  As she did, Pai thrust in the piece of meat.    
Holding Jessica's mouth shut, Jessica was forced to clew the human meat and   
swallow it.  Jessica was immediately disgusted with herself, although she had   
to admit that Melody's meat didn't taste all that bad.   
   
Like Jessica, Cassandra had to endure a similar ordeal.  Having eaten the   
human meal, they each eyed each other with disdain.   
   
It was a long evening.  Later that night Jessica and Cassandra watched as the   
men of the village coated their bodies with the blood of the slain white woman.    
Wearing elaborate costumes, they then danced until exhaustion overcame   
them. Jessica was forced to stand in the center of the men's dance.  Around and   
around the men danced, making lewd gestures to Jessica as they did.  Jessica   
was nonplused by all that had happened. Why were Cassandra and herself   
fated to remain alive?  It was not until near morning that Jessica, Cassandra,   
and the rest of the village finally went to sleep.  With a rope tied around their   
necks and the other end attached to a Pai's hut, both Jessica and Cassandra   
rested at the feet of their new master.   
   
Over the next period of several days, Jessica's and Cassandra's drug treatments   
continued.  Unlike most drugs, where stronger and stronger doses are required   
over a length of time in order to achieve a consistent effect, the opposite was   
true for the noxious liquid that the pair of white women were being forced to   
consume.  Its effects tended to persist.  Both Jessica and Cassandra fell into a   
routine of vigorous sexual couplings with both Pai and his wife.  "Soon you   
will not need further treatments.  Enslaved by your own desires, you will serve   
us for the rest of your days with no will to escape.", Pai's wife told them.    
Cassandra doubted that she could ever willingly stay with these horrid people.   
   
The pair of white slaves began to lactate. Both Jessica's and Cassandra's   
breasts felt fuller and in just the few days that had transpired their breasts   
actually increased in size.  "You'll need a larger bra size.", Jessica kidded   
Cassandra.  Cassandra wasn't in much of a mood for jokes.   
   
Pai's wife smiled when she noticed the first sign of milk flowing from their   
breasts. Kneeling Jessica's breasts with both of her hands, more milk spurted   
from Jessica's milk filled tits.  Jessica cried out as Pai's wife brutally pinched   
Jessica's nipples.  Jessica felt like a cow.  "Excellent, I'll put you two to work   
immediately.", Pai's wife announced to the pair.  Turning her attention directly   
to Jessica, Pai's wife told her, "That's nothing compared to what you both will   
soon go through."   
   

Taken to another hut, Pai's wife indicated to Jessica to sit down.  "Get   
comfortable, you have allot of nursing to do", Pai's wife told Jessica.  As   
Jessica sat against a corner of the hut, pair of tiny infants were brought to her.    
The badies cried incessantly.  Although Jessica wanted to hate the pair of   
helpless badies just as much as she hated the adults of the village, a maternal   
instinct that Jessica had never previously felt overwhelmed her.  One baby was   
placed at each of Jessica's milk filled tits.  Never having held a baby before,   
the mother quickly realizing this, the mother reached over and showed Jessica   
how it was done.  Sensing the feast that had suddenly been made available to   
them, both infants needed no coaching to suckle.  Jessica winced in pain as the   
pair closed their hungry mouths around each of her nipples.  They immediately   
began to nurse. After awhile the badies sucking began to feel rather pleasant.    
Jessica felt great relief as the pressure of the milk buildup within her swollen   
tits began to subside.   
   
A somewhat different job awaited Cassandra.  Taken back outside and to an   
adjoining pen, Cassandra came face to face with a giant mother pig and her   
young.   
   
"Lay down over there.", Pai's wife commanded.  Over there was a simply a   
bare patch of ground within the pen.  Cassandra guessed what she was going to   
be ordered to do and didn't like it one bit.  Cassandra hesitated.  With an abrupt   
push from Pai's wife, Cassandra positioned herself on her back within the pen.    
The contact with the ground caused Cassandra's skin to itch.  Pai's wife then   
gave a loud call and several of the piglets rushed over to Cassandra.  With a   
little help from Pai's wife, the first two piglets to reach Cassandra immediately   
attached themselves to Cassandra's milk filled tits.  Confused at first to the   
location of the feeding points, the piglets soon got the idea and stood up on   
their rear legs to reach Cassandra's nipples.  Unfortunately the piglets weren't   
quite large enough to reach Cassandra's nipples while standing on the ground.    
Cassandra had to help the piglets up onto her chest so that they could feed.   
Clamping down on Cassandra's nipples, the piglets were a little rough.  Soon   
however Cassandra habituated to the pain and grew accustomed to the flow of   
milk from her now massive tits.   
   
Such became Jessica's and Cassandra's routine.  Labor intensive chores, such   
as gathering wood for the making of charcoal, house cleaning, as well as the   
nursing of both human and animal badies by day, and vigorous bouts of sexual   
chores by night, defined their existence.  Pai being unusually fertile, soon   
fathered both Jessica's and Cassandra's badies.  In a few months their belies   
would swell with child.   
   
In the mean time, neither Jessica nor Cassandra could do anything for the three   
white women remaining in the cage.  Passing by the women in the cage, both   
Jessica and Cassandra tried not to look upon them.  The thoughts of what   
awaited them was just too painful.  The cook had decided that they all required   
fattening up.  Given plenty of food, mostly cereals and the fat left over from   
the villager's meals, coupled with a lack of exercise, the three white women   
increased their weight.   
   
One day the cook decided that the two dark haired women, Tara and Taren,   
were ready for the feast.  Previously deciding to broil them over an open fire,   
the white women's preparation went somewhat differently than had Melody's.    
As had been done to Melody, but with the exception of their head hair, Tara   
and Taren had all of their body hair removed.  Their head was then neatly   
bound into a shoulder length pony tail.  That Tara and Taren kept their head   
hair was do to the cook's sense of melodrama.  Like any fine chef, the cook   
was always sensitive to the appearance of his meals.  He knew that the sight of   
the women's hair swinging about the skewer would add allot to Pai's appetite.   
   
Tara's and Taren's flesh properly cleaned both inside and out, in the hot   
noontime sun came the skewering.  To minimize any possible problems, Tara   
and Taren were simultaneously impaled.  Held down head first to the ground   
with their asses high in the air by several strong men, another man stood ready   
with the skewer.  With the skewer aimed at their vaginal openings, the men   
responsible for the impalings waited for Pai's signal.  Pai first raised then   
dropped his hand.  Having received the signal, each man standing behind Tara   
and Taren forced the skewer forward and down into Tara's and Taren's bodies.    
Tara's and Taren's coupled screams filled the village just like the sound of an   
orchestra fills an amphitheater.  Blood gushed forth from their pierced vaginas.    
Tara and Taren violently tried to free themselves from the skewers.  The men   
holding them had done this before and were wise to any movements that the   
women may make.  With herculean pushes, the tip of each skewer could be   
seen exiting both Tara's and Taren's mouths.   
   
Enjoying the spectacle, Pai clapped his hands to his thighs.  He watched   
gleefully as Tara and Taren squirmed about the skewers.  Their life blood   
poured from their bodies.   
   
After Tara and Taren had finally expired, the cook's assistants bound their   
wrists behind their backs and their ankles to the skewer.  Fires in a pair of   
shallow pits were already ablaze.  Above the fires they were then placed.  Just   
for the hell of it, Jessica and Cassandra were ordered to turn the skewers.    
Staring ahead blankly, Jessica and Cassandra did as they were told.  Their   
emotions were by now numbed by what they had witnessed.  By means of a   
homemade handle fitted to one end of each skewer, Tara and Taren began to   
slowly rotate above the fires.  They would make a fine feast.   
   
As for the one remaining white woman in the cage, Sandy, witnessing first the   
cooking followed by the devouring of her friends caused her to go quite mad.    
Sandy began to babble meaninglessly from within the cage.  This must of   
spooked the natives.  One day a group of them opened the cage and let Sandy   
out.  Running into the jungle, Sandy was never seen again.  It must be bad   
karma to cook a crazy person, thought Cassandra.   
   
In the months that followed, Jessica's and Cassandra's bellies swelled   
tremendously.  The time for birthing would soon fall upon them.  Despite their   
condition, no let up was made to their labors.   
   
One day as Cassandra was nearing the end of her pregnancy, the white man   
that had initially betrayed her showed up in the village.  While he was   
conferring with Pai, a guard brought Cassandra over to them.  No feeling was   
left to her.  In a previous life Cassandra would have felt extreme anger towards   
the white man.  Now nothing.   
   
Speaking in English, a language that Cassandra had almost forgotten existed,   
the white man said, "Well I see that the villagers didn't eat you."  Placing his   
hand on her swollen belly, the white man continued, "Rather they put you to   
another good use.  You look like you're due any day now.  You know, you   
never belonged here.  The organization that I represent makes sure that these   
people are protected.  Outside influences are severely restricted.  When you six   
women crashed here those of us in the organization had to act.  We set into   
motion a plan made up for just such an occurrence.  Put simply, we let the   
natives here do with you as they pleased, knowing very well that the most   
likely outcome would be that they would have you all for dinner and thus solve   
the organization's problem."   
   
Emotions suddenly returned to Cassandra.  She fumed at the thoughts running   
through her mind.  It was known that they were here all along.  And yet this so   
called organization did nothing.   
   
"Being managed as it is, in a sense you could call this place a zoo.  That makes   
me the zoo keeper.  Welcome to the zoo."  The white man laughed at this last   
remark.  Fortunately for him, Pai had no understanding of English.   
   
The white man finished his speech and Cassandra was prodded back to her   
chores.  So now Jessica and Cassandra had realized their fate, to become   
exhibits in a zoological park.  Treated no better than common animals, they   
would serve out their days toiling for their master Pai and bearing his children   
to boot.   
