CAN YOU SWIM?
by Anonymous

     I used to bring my school buddies home in New York and just sit around the
house dying to get into their pants to see what they had, having failed to get
them to join me in taking a piss in some alley where I might get a glimpse of
it.

     The hot fucking New York summer, along with my mom's cooperation, solved
my problem on many of these occasions.

     There was one boy in particular. He was indescribably boyish, beautiful of
face with a body to match - front and rear. The girls in our class all had eyes
for him, but not as searching as my eyes were on his groin. He always showed
the biggest, plumpest bulge that I have ever seen, even to this day. That
overstuffed corduroy crotch finally found its way into my living room one
sweltering day and I wondered when my mother would favor me with those magic
words she had said in the past to relieve me from my torture.

     She finally came in with ice-cold lemonade for us and I introduced Kent.
As she arouse to take our empty glasses she began saying the words I had been
longing to hear: "Why don't you take Kent upstairs and take off your clothes
and lie down under the fan where it's cool?"

     As good as that bulging groin looked under those brown corduroys, it was
as nothing compared to the way it looked now in those white Jockey shorts. We
lay on the bed in our shorts as we had been urged to do, with the fan blowing
over us. He looked at the lingerie ads showing bras and girdles, shyly
confiding in me that he liked to do that. While he looked at the women in
underwear I looked at his underwear and his big fat cock had reached its full
size and then pulled his shorts down and grabbed his cock with both hands and
jacked it like a savage pounding grain in a bowl.

     His dick was pink and white and perfectly sculptured, no veins to mar its
smooth beauty. The only hair on his body was a tuft of very black hair above
his dick, matching the blue-black hair which fell over one of his eyes as he
kept his nose buried in the paper. The black hair emphasized the fairness of
his skin, both on his face and his body.

     Suddenly, he asked, "Can you swim?" "No. Why?" "Then you'd better learn
fast." He lowered the paper, his arms fell onto the bed, his body jerked, and
his cock shot a geyser of thick white cum high in the air, some hitting his 
chin and dimpled cheeks, a lot of it running over my fists.

     I jacked him off many more times before I gave him his first blow job.

     The end..
