Filename: CAPT_FAM.TXT
Title: The Captive Family  (MFmf inc nc)
Author: Eros
Origin: USENET



                            THE CAPTIVE FAMILY

Bobby Mitchell ducked down quickly in the driver's seat as twin beams of
bright light shone suddenly into the rear-view mirror.  The sound of the
approaching car got louder, and the boy prayed that it would go straight past.
The last thing he needed right now was for some damn good-samaritan to stop
and ask questions.  Worse still, if it was a cop, he was done for!  Even the
dumbest cop in the world wouldn't take long to find out that the car he was
driving was stolen.  Although Bobby was only fifteen, with his past record the
judge would throw the book at him.  He couldn't chance that now.  As soon as
the other car sped past, Bobby started the engine and pulled off the side of
the road into some bushes and waited.  He lit a cigarette and puffed on it
nervously.  The acrid smoke filled his lungs, but did little to calm his
nerves.

"Christ!  Come on, mom!  Where the fuck are you?", he muttered under his
breath. The waiting was getting to him and for the hundredth time tonight, he
wondered if his mother's plan was going to work.  Cathy Mitchell had no such
misgivings. At that very moment, the tall, willowy blonde was crawling under
the outer security fence of the State Women's Correctional Centre.  It had
taken weeks of planning and plenty of hard work to get this far.  Not to
mention the five hundred bucks she'd paid one of the guards to look the other
way at the right time.  Once through the fence Cathy headed off in the
direction of the road, where she had instructed her son to wait for her.
Having had plenty of time in the prison gym to get into shape, Cathy was
undaunted by the prospect of the two mile cross-country jog, especially since
at the end was freedom!

Bobby got out of the car and sat on the hood, craning his neck and staring
into the darkness.  He listened for any sign of movement in the bushes but
heard nothing except the incessant chirping of crickets.  Then a twig cracked.

"M...Mom?", whispered Bobby into the darkness.  No reply.  The hair on the
back of the boy's neck began to rise as he held his breath, listening for
further sounds.  Nothing.  He was about to turn when he felt a pair of hands
cover his eyes from behind.

"Guess who, baby?", said a voice in his right ear.  Bobby whirled around
sharply.

"Jesus Christ, Mom!  You scared the shit out of me!", gasped Bobby, staring at
his mother with wide eyes.

"Sorry, honey!", laughed Cathy, kissing her son on the lips.  "I couldn't
resist it!"  She threw her arms around him and gave him a big hug.

Bobby hugged her back, immediately conscious of the fullness of his mother's
large tits against his chest.  His hands circled her waist.  It was narrower
than he remembered, and the warm flesh under her thin prison smock felt soft
yet firm.  Even though she was his mother, the boy's prick lurched in his
pants.  He tried to keep her from noticing his hardening cock.

"Hey, you've lost weight, Mom!", blurted Bobby.  He pushed his mother away
from him, afraid that she would feel his cock against her.  He had certainly
been aware that it was pressing against her leg.

"And you've grown since I saw you last, baby.  Jesus, you're almost as tall as
I am!"  They both ducked as another car drove past, its lights flashing over
them.

"We'd better get moving, Mom.  It don't think it's real safe around here."

"Yeah, you're right!  Did you bring me a change of clothes, Bobby?"

"Sure!  They're in the bag on the back seat."

"Okay, honey, you drive.  I wanna change out of these damn rags."

"Where we goin', Mom?"

"I don't know, son," replied Cathy.  "Just drive north.  We're gonna have to
play it by ear for a while."

They got in and Bobby nosed the car out onto the road, speeding off in the
direction his mother had indicated.  He was pleased to be moving again, the
throb of the engine and the rush of air past the windows somehow made him feel
much safer.  Beside him, Cathy began to take off her dirty, torn prison
clothes, unashamed by her son's presence.  As she stripped, Bobby kept taking
sideways glances at her, unable to stop staring as his mother hurriedly pulled
off her clothes.  The baggy prison smock had concealed her stunning figure
very well, and the boy's heart began to beat faster as more and more of her
naked flesh was exposed to his excited eyes.  Somehow, his mother looked a lot
younger than her thirty-six year.  Bobby seemed to remember her as being kind
of plain and slightly plump.  But that was a long time ago, and this woman
sitting beside him, stripping her clothes off, was nothing at all like that...
she was slim, trim and utterly sexy!  Despite the fact that she was his
mother, Bobby's cock began to swell in his pants.

Cathy finished changing and sat half facing her son, conscious of the strong
effect she was having on him.  She smiled, noticing the huge bulge in the
boy's jeans.  It fascinated her that she could turn him on so easily, her own
son! The look of lust on his handsome young features was unmistakable.  Cathy
took a long, deep breath.  It had been quite a while since she'd seen that
look on a man's face, and although the boy was only fifteen, one glance told
her that Bobby was physically already a man.  Handsome and strong like his
father, she thought with a wry smile.  God, how she missed Doug!  It had taken
her a long time to get over his death, but now it consoled her to know that
she still had Bobby, the spitting image of her dead husband.  Doug had been
fantastic in bed, a real stud, able to pleasure her all night when she wanted
him to...  and she did...  often.  Of all the things Cathy missed in their
relationship, she missed sex the most.  Her pussy began to moisten as her eyes
settled on her son's bulging crotch.  Judging by the size of the lump in the
front of his jeans, Bobby was just as virile as his father.

Cathy supressed a feeling of guilt.  After what she'd experienced in prison,
the fact that Bobby was her own son didn't bother her a bit.  In prison, you
soon learned to get your kicks however and whenever the opportunity arose.
Cathy Mitchell had been no different.  At first, she found the shameless
sexual advances of the other female prisoners repulsive.  Some of them were
quite pretty, and at first, Cathy rejected them.  She resorted instead to
frequent masturbation, bringing herself off as soon as she was alone.  But
eventually, even that became less and less stimulating.  Cathy had always been
rather highly sexed, and it was only a matter of time, before she was
willingly initiated into the lurid world of lesbian sex.  And for a time Cathy
had enjoyed it, giving and receiving illicit pleasure at every opportunity.
But in the end, it hadn't been enough, and even that failed to satisfy her.
Cathy was one of those women who needed penetration, preferably deep
penetration.  A cock ramming in and out of her cunt was what she needed.

Cathy looked at her son sitting so close beside her and shivered with
excitement.  He was still stealing furtive glances at her bare legs,
occasionally rubbing his crotch with his hand.  The look in his young eyes
excited her immensely.  He reminded her of what it felt like to be a real
woman once more...  to excite a man with her naked body...to feel his hands
caress her breasts, squeezing and pinching her erect nipples while his long,
hard prick filled her sex completely...  his narrow hips thrusting
powerfully... pounding her juicy, quivering cunt into a mass of creamy froth
as he fucked her from orgasm to delicious orgasm.  Cathy opened her legs a
fraction as the heat between her damp thighs became intense.  Bobby noticed
the movement and nearly ran off the road trying to look up his mother's dress.
He had an overwhelming urge to reach out and touch her, but instead rearranged
his hardening cock to a more comfortable position.

"I'm gonna try and take a quick nap, honey,", said Cathy, trying to suppress a
giggle at her son's obvious embarrassment.  She didn't feel tired at all.  On
the contrary, Bobby's arousal had excited her greatly and Cathy wanted to see
how far she could take it.  She lay back and pretended to close her eyes.  As
she settled down, Cathy pulled up her dress and allowed her knees to fall
apart, making sure her son had a good view up between her legs.  Bobby darted
a glance at his mother.  Her dress was halfway up her thighs, and Bobby could
see the inviting mound of his mother's cunt pressing firmly against the
tightly-stretched fabric of panties.  He moaned low in his throat, and reached
for his cock.  A quick look at his mother's face told Bobby that her eyes were
closed, so he stared brazenly at her exposed crotch.  The sight made his cock
jerk and twitch unbearably.  Once more, he fought off the urge to reach over
and touch her.  Instead he unzipped his fly and slipped a hand inside to
squeeze his hard prick.

Cathy observed her son through slitted eyes, being careful not to let him know
she was watching him.  She felt an itching wetness in her pussy as Bobby
fondled his cock.  It had been years since she had last seen her son naked.
Bobby would have been only about ten or eleven at the time, and she remembered
that his cock had been cute and boyishly small.  She wondered what it looked
like now, all hard and stiff, swollen with blood and desire...  desire for
her, his own mother.  Cathy watched as the boy's free hand moved back and
forth inside his pants.  It was obvious he was masturbating.  She had never
thought of Bobby jacking off, and it excited her.  Her son was a male
animal...  he had a prick, and it would get hard...  and if he pulled on it
long enough it would spurt out a hot stream of nice milky jism.  Cathy
pictured it in her mind and tried to imagine what it would taste like.  Her
throat was dry.

Cathy felt the urge to put a hand on her cunt and rub her itching clit.  Since
discovering the joys of female-female sex in prison, she didn't masturbate
much anymore, only when she felt the need strongly, only when she was
unusually stimulated, and her son was stimulating her unusually.  She wished
she could fondle herself while she watched him masturbate.  Her need for a
deep, satisfying orgasm was strong.  Only the faint feelings of guilt she
still felt, prevented her from going any further.  She almost gasped aloud
when Bobby pulled his cock out of his pants.  It was hard as a rock and
Cathy's cunt twitched involuntarily at the very sight of it.  His gaze flicked
back and forth from the road to his mother, still unaware that she was
watching him, his eyes darting first to her crotch and then to her tits, and
back again.  All the while his fist jerked up and down on his stiff prick.

Cathy watched, fascinated by the size and youthful vigour of her son's cock,
trembling as she imagined it pushing between her legs, the swollen, purple
head sliding smoothly up into her cunt, his hands around her tits.

"Ohhhh, God, yessss!", Cathy whispered under her breath.  The thought of sex
with her own son was extremely arousing.  She was just about to throw caution
to the wind and reach for Bobby's gorgeous prick when the boy suddenly stuffed
it back into his pants.  Cathy sat up in alarm when he cursed loudly.

"What's wrong, honey?", she asked, surprised.  Bobby didn't answer for a few
seconds.  He was staring into the rearview mirror, a look of concern on his
worried features.

"Cops, I think!", he breathed.  "Closing on us in a fuckin' hurry,too!"  Cathy
looked back and saw a set of red and blue flashing lights approaching, fast.
She touched her son's shoulder to calm him down.

"Don't panic, baby.  It's probably nothing.  Just slow down and stay cool,
okay."

"Okay, Mom."

Both of them held their breaths as the police car approached rapidly.  It soon
overtook them and sped past, siren wailing off into the distance.  Cathy
breathed a sigh of relief and turned to her son.

"Thank Christ!"  she gasped.

"You can fuckin' say that again," Bobby murmured in reply.  Cathy cast a quick
glance at his crotch.  The formidable bulge was gone, and Cathy felt strangely
disappointed.  Like a child who is promised a lollipop only to have it
snatched out from under her very nose.

"We've got to get off the highway, Mom.  It's gonna be crawling with cops all
night," said Bobby looking for somewhere to pull off the road.

Cathy agreed with him, she was dying for a shower.

Bobby pulled into the next motel they came to and parked as far away from the
office as he could.

"You go in and register alone, hon.", said Cathy, keeping low in the seat.
"The cops will be looking for a woman, not a single guy.  I'll sneak in when
you open the door."

"I'm real good at sneaking girls into my room, Mom!", grinned Bobby.

"I just bet you are!", replied his mother, hoping the jealousy she suddenly
felt didn't show.  "Here, take this bag, and make it convincing."  Bobby got
out of the car and Cathy watched him go, her eyes on her son's tight,
jean-clad butt as he walked towards the office.  Bobby was back in under five
minutes, a door key in his hand.

"How'd it go?", asked his mother.

"Fine!  No sweat at all!  I told the old guy at the desk I'd be staying a week
so he gave me a room with airconditioning at no extra cost!"

"Shit, what did you do that for, Bobby?", asked Cathy.  "We aren't staying
that long!"

Bobby only smiled..

"Don't worry, Mom!  We only have to pay a deposit, and the balance in the
morning.  I was thinking we could kind of leave and, you know, forget to pay
the rest.  It works out five dollars cheaper."  Cathy ruffled his hair and
kissed his cheek.

"My son the businessman," she chuckled.  "Like father like son, eh?"  Bobby
put his arm around his mother and they headed for their room, his hand snugged
against the underside of one breast.  Cathy leaned against him enjoying the
contact.  Anyone watching would have taken the pair for lovers rather than
mother and son.

Once inside, Bobby looked around.

"Mmmmmmm, hey, this isn't half bad, Mom!"  His mother agreed, and she liked it
more and more when she discovered the comfortably large double bed.

"Gosh, Mom, there's only one bed," said Bobby with a faint smile on his face.
Cathy looked at her young son with a mischievous twinkle in her eye.

"Looks like there's plenty of room to me", she grinned.  "You don't mind
sleeping with your dear old mother, do you, son?"

"No, Mom.  I don't mind at all.", replied Bobby, unable to suppress the hint
of expectation that crept into his voice.  Cathy headed for the bathroom, a
broad smile on her lovely features.

"I'm going to freshen up, honey.  I've been dying for a hot shower all day."

"Okay, Mom!"

Bobby looked around the room, and spotted the mini-bar.  It was well stocked
with liquor, and so was the small refrigerator.

"Mmmmm, after tonight, I think I deserve a couple of brews", he muttered to
himself.  Taking one out, Bobby twisted off the cap, downing almost half the
bottle in one gulp.  He sat on the edge of the bed and turned on the TV.  The
coloured images flickered before his eyes but Bobby's mind was elsewhere.  He
was still thinking about his mother and how hot she had looked in the car,
with her legs apart and her dress almost up around her waist.  His cock began
to stiffen again at the very thought.  He glanced toward the bathroom door and
heard the sounds of running water.  Even though it was his own mother in there
taking a shower, Bobby couldn't stop thinking about how fantastic she must
look, completely nude, the water from the shower making her tanned flesh
glisten as it cascaded down over her gorgeous body, splashing over her tits
and running down between her naked thighs.

Bobby moaned low in his throat at the deliciously sexy image.  Tossing back
his head, he finished off the rest of the bottle in one gulp.  He went to the
fridge and grabbed another.  Despite the beer he'd just finished, his mouth
seemed incredibly dry.  Bobby sipped the second beer more slowly, all the
while darting glances at the closed bathroom door.  There was a look of
frustration on his young face.  Although he was only fifteen, Bobby had always
had a way with members of the opposite sex.  He had fucked plenty of girls his
own age, several older women too.  With his youthful good looks and charm, it
had been easy, but this was different.  'Shit!  How do you put the make on
your own mother?', he thought.  He was still pondering the question when he
heard his mother call out from the bathroom.

"Bobby!  Can you come in here for a second, sweetheart.  I need your help,
son!"

Bobby's face dissolved into a devilish grin.  He couldn't believe his luck.

"Yesss!  There must be a God after all.", he muttered.  Polishing off the rest
of his beer, Bobby headed eagerly for the bathroom and opened the door.  He
tried to appear calm, but when he saw his mother, he almost gasped out loud.
Cathy was standing in front of the mirror, trying to fasten the catch on her
necklace.  She was wearing only a short robe, but she hadn't even bothered to
pull it closed.  Bobby could see half of each tit and all of her fur-covered
mound.

"Help me with this darn thing will you, baby.  I can't get seem to get the
catch to stay closed."  Bobby just gazed at her.

"Stupid, damn thing!", muttered his mother.  "I don't know why I bother taking
it off sometimes.  Do it up for me will you please, sweetheart?"

As if in a dream, Bobby stepped up behind his mother and took the clasp from
her fingers.  He noticed that his own fingers were shaking, an hoped that she
wouldn't notice.  He glanced over her shoulder into the mirror and froze,
staring down at his mother's pussy.  It was clearly exposed.  The light blonde
hairs covering her mound doing little to hide the pink, glistening slit that
nestled at the base of her creamy thighs.  It looked puffy and wet and, as
Bobby guessed correctly...  ready for cock!

Cathy had enjoyed her shower immensely.  The sharp, hot needles of water had
at first relaxed her, but then her thoughts drifted to Bobby, and how she had
turned him on in the car tonight.

So much so, that he'd jacked off!  The more she though about how big and hard
his young cock had been, the more excited Cathy got.  The warm spray against
her body began to stimulate her, and soon, the horny feelings in her cunt
became so unbearable that Cathy was forced to do as she had done for so many
years now...  she dropped a hand between her long, slender legs and began to
masturbate vigourously.  She came quickly, but as always the hunger remained.
She knew what she needed...  the only thing that could ever satisfy her
completely...  a long, thick, hard cock stuffed right up her cunt!  And as she
stepped out of the shower, Cathy knew how she could get one too, if she played
her cards right.  Now it was happening!  Bobby was obviously excited.  She
could feel his prick touching her butt, and it was hard...  real hard.  Cathy
wanted to reach around a take it in her hand, but she suppressed the urge, it
wasn't the right moment yet.  Instead she pressed back against him, pretending
to become impatient with him.

Cathy felt her son's stiff cock press delightfully into the crack of her ass.
Watching him in the mirror, she pretended to hum a tune and began to rotate
her ass against him in tiny circles, as if she were doing a slow dance.  All
the time rubbing her backside slowly against the boy's prominent bulge.  Bobby
couldn't keep his mind on the job anymore.  He was having difficulty
concentrating on anything now, except how nice his mother's firm butt felt
against his straining cock.

"What's wrong, honey?...  Having trouble?", breathed his mother.

"Ahhh...  No...Ehhh, I mean yes, I am!", stammered Bobby.  "It's hard when you
keep moving around like that, Mom!"

"Mmmmmmm, it sure is, baby!", Cathy whispered, pressing back against him.
Bobby suddenly realized that his mother was doing it on purpose.  He pressed
his cock against her even harder and began to stroke her bare shoulders with
his fingers.  The necklace fell to the floor, completely forgotten.

"Do you like that, Mom?", asked Bobby, looking at her in the mirror.

"Yessss!  Ooooh yes, baby!  I love it!", gasped his mother, leaning against
him. Bobby saw the hot gleam in her eyes and read it for what it was.  He'd
seen that hungry look before...  on the faces of all the girls and women he'd
ever fucked, and it excited him beyond belief to see it now on the face of his
own sexy mother!  Emboldened by her lust, Bobby slid his hands inside his
mother's robe and cupped her tits with both hands.  Cathy arched back against
him and made a low, animal sound deep in her throat, her eyes going instantly
moist with desire.  She threw all pretense to the wind now, and began to
writhe her ass back against her son's bulging crotch in the most suggestive
manner, at the same time delighting in the touch of his hot hands on her
aching tit-flesh.

Cathy stared at her son in the mirror.  The look on his handsome, young face
made her pussy twitch.  She closed her thighs tightly, and a ripple of
tingling hunger burned through her cunt.  Bobby rubbed his mother's nipples to
erection, pinching and squeezing the hard little buttons until Cathy began to
groan loudly with pleasure.

"Lower, honey!", she gasped.  "Move your hands lower!  Touch momma's cunt!"
Bobby left one hand on his mother's tits, sliding the other down over the
curve of her belly, and into the moist, inviting cleft between her legs.
Cathy gasped when she felt the exquisite pressure of her son's fingers on her
cunt. He rubbed her expertly, the outside fingers massaging the lips of pussy
while his middle finger dipped inside to explore the soft, slippery depths of
her hot cunthole.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh, Bobby!  You gorgeous child!  Fuck momma's cunt with your
finger, baby!  Oh, God!  Fuck yesssssss!  Deeper!  Stick it in deeper, lover!"

"I will, Mom!", groaned Bobby, thrusting his finger in as far as possible into
his mother's juicy, gaping slit.  "I'll fuck you all right!......  Jesus
Christ, you're wet!...  Ummmmmm, so fuckin' hot and wet!"

"Oooooh!  It's you, sweetheart!", gasped Cathy.  "Just thinking about your
cock has made me all hot and gooey!....  God, baby, I need it real bad!"
Cathy reached round behind her and groped for the bulge in her son's crotch.
She squeezed his prick through the material of his pants, marvelling at the
hugeness of it.  It jerked and twitched under her palm as if it had a life of
its own.  Locating her son's zipper Cathy jerked it down and slid her hand
inside.  Bobby gasped as he felt his mother's cool fingers grasp his prick.
It was hard as steel, and Cathy found to her surprise and delight that her
fingers didn't quite meet around its huge circumference.

"God Almighty!  Jesus, you're hung like a fuckin' horse!", gasped Cathy,
jerking on her son's huge, erect shaft.  "Ohhhh, baby, I'm so hot!....  I want
it in me!  I want you to fuck me with it!...  Do you want to, Bobby?...  Do
you want to fuck your mother?"

"Oh God, Mom, yes!", he groaned.  With a cry, Cathy let go of her son's cock
and removed his hand from her cunt.  She spun around and threw her arms around
his neck.  Her full, red lips opening over his in a firey, french kiss which
Bobby returned with equal passion.  His mother's naked body was pressed
full-length against his own, and Bobby was aware of every wonderful inch of
it.  Her soft tits were crushed between them, the hard, pink nipples drilling
into his chest.  Her tongue darted hotly in and out of his mouth.  And best of
all, Between his mothers legs, his cock rubbed deliciously between the lips of
her hot, inviting cuntslit.

Cathy broke the kiss and grabbed her son by the hand, as she had when he was a
little boy, and pulled him into the next room.  Without a word, she stripped
off her robe, and flopped backwards onto the bed, her legs falling wide apart.
She stroked her cunt, enjoying the look of hunger on his face.

"Take your clothes off, darling!  I want to see you naked too!", grinned
Cathy, staring openly at her son's bulging crotch.  Bobby just stared at her,
his eyes on the moist, pouting lips of his mother's blonde-fringed pussy.

"Oh, Mom!  You're so beautiful!", he murmured, pulling off his clothes.  As
the boy stepped out of his pants, his cock jerked free, standing out from his
crotch, stiff as an iron bar.  Cathy gasped at the sight of it.

"Ooooooh, Bobby!  What a gorgeous prick!...  You really do have a big one,
don't you, baby?"

Without waiting for an answer, Cathy sat up and bent towards him, her tits
swinging like two firm melons.  She grasped her son's prick tightly in both
hands, trembling with excitement as the thick pole of flesh jerked powerfully
between her fingers.  She began to stroke it up and down, totally mesmerized
by the length and hardness of the boy's lust-swollen tool.  Bobby looked down
at his mother and saw the way she was looking at his cock.

"Wanna suck it first, Mom?", he suggested boldly, a lewd grin spreading across
his handsome young features.  He'd had his cock sucked plenty of times before,
but the thought of getting a little head from his own mother made Bobby's
prick literally drip with lust.  He was eager to fuck her, but that could
wait. The image of his mother's hot, wet mouth wrapped tightly around his
prick was such a turn-on.  Bobby simply couldn't resist.  Cathy smiled up at
him and licked her lips, happy that he was so sexually experienced.

"Oooooooh, you horny little prick!  You'd like that, wouldn't you?", she said,
squeezing the boy's balls.  "You'd like momma to put her lips around your
lovely hard cock and suck you off, wouldn't you?"

"Ummmmmm!", Bobby moaned, reaching for his mother's head.  "Ohh, fuck yes!  Do
it, Mom!  Eat my cock!  Suck the hot come right out of my fuckin' balls!"

"Ohhhhh, Sweet Jesus!"  she gasped, staring at the intense look of desire on
her son's face.  With a cry, Cathy opened her lips wide and wrapped them
lustfully around the meaty thickness of his young prick, sucking it into her
mouth as far as she could.  Her left hand fondled the hairy orbs of the boy's
bloated balls, and as she continued to suck him harder and harder, Cathy began
to move her other hand quickly along the base, stroking and masturbating her
son feverishly.  Then with a little whimper she quickly moved her head back
and forth sliding her lips further and further over his cock until almost
every inch of it was bathed in the constricting wetness of her throat.

As his mother intensified the rhythm of her sucking, Bobby's eyes widened.
This was incredible, better than anything he'd ever felt before.

"Jesus!", he muttered.  Cathy looked up and saw the pleasure on her son's
face, her over-heated cunt drooling like mad between her legs.  She loved the
feel and taste of his cock, so young and fresh and stiff!  Cathy drew back
until just the large, sensitive head was in her mouth and sucked hard.

"Aaarghhhhhh!  Oh, yeah!  That's nice, Mom!  Ungghhhhh!  Yeah, suck it hard!"
Bobby began pumping his ass frantically, his legs jerking with the effort as
he tried to ram his cock deeper into his mother's hot, sucking mouth.

"Ummmmmmmmmmmm!", Cathy moaned, her mouth tightly stretched by his hard,
pulsating prong.  "Mmmmmmmmmm!  Ummmmmm!  Ummmmmm!  Ummmmmmmmmmmmmmm!"  She
was using everything she had now...  hands...  mouth...  and lips in an
attempt to give her son the best damn mouth job he'd ever had.

"Oh, Mom!  Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!....  Christ, that feels sooooo fuckin' good!...
Suck me, Mom!...  Yeahhhhhh, lick my balls too!...  Ohhhhhhhh, Godddddddddd!"
Cathy sensed that her son was close to orgasm, but she didn't mind.  She knew
what young boys were like.  If she could take the edge off for him with her
mouth, Bobby's next erection would last a long, long time.  Cathy bobbed her
head back and forth on his cock, sucking and slurping and squeezing his balls,
trying desperately to get her son to blow off in her mouth.  His prick slid
hotly between her lips, rubbing on her tongue and the roof of her mouth as he
fucked her face.  It wasn't long before the tight, wet friction of his
mother's lips became too much for young Bobby.

"OH, SHIT, MOM!", he yelled.  "JESUS!  SUCK!  SUCK!  ARGHHH, HERE IT COMES!"
Cathy felt her son's sperm surge up the length of his cock, his whole body
quivering with the effort, then it splashed thickly against her tonsils,
squirting in giant waves down her throat.  She swallowed greedily, sucking
harder for more of the precious fluid that was now trickling from Bobby's
throbbing pecker onto her tongue.

"Ummmmmm!", moaned Bobby, tremors of delight making his young body shake.
Cathy sucked the last drop of juice from the end of her son's cock and licked
the shaft over quickly, then, looking up, she smiled at him seductively.

"Nice one, baby?"

"Mmmmmm, mmmmmm Mom!  You have no idea!"

"Oh, I think I do", replied Cathy, flopping backwards onto the bed.  She gazed
up at his cock which, despite unloading a formidable quantity of jism into her
eager mouth, seemed to have lost none of it's former glory.

Bobby was staring at his mother's cunt.

"You look so hot, Mom!", he said huskily.  "...  so hot and wet!"  Cathy
dipped a finger into her slippery gash and rubbed it back and forth with
exaggerated slowness.

"I am, honey," she whispered, her eyes taking on a wanton gleam.  "Momma's all
hot and wet for her big handsome baby!"  Bobby's face parted in a wide,
lustful grin.

"Bet I can make you even hotter and wetter, Mom!", he promised.  Cathy's cunt
twitched with animal heat.  She wanted her son's cock badly.

"Ooooh!  Hurry, baby!  I can't wait any longer", she groaned, spreading her
long tapering legs as wide as she could.  With a moan, Bobby joined her on the
bed, crawling between his mother's thighs until his cock hung directly over
her sweetly gaping snatch.

He kissed her tits and then her lips, which parted eagerly to admit his
probing tongue.  They clung to each other, kissing with growing passion.
Cathy felt her son's cocktip press against the groove of her slit, and
automatically raised her hips up at him, her ass bunching.  She shoved her
right hand down onto his ass, pulling him as tightly as she could against her
feverish body. Her other hand wrapped around his neck.

"Ohh, Bobby!  I love your body, baby", she husked.  "It feels so strong and
smooth against me.  You don't know how long I've waited for this, darling!"
She slid her tongue into her son's mouth, making Bobby pant hotly.  She licked
inside his mouth, purring and gasping as she happily rubbed herself against
him, her flooded slit soaking the head of his cock with a plentiful supply of
oily, cuntal lubricant.

"Ohhhhhhhhh, Jesus!  Bobby!  My darling, boy!", gasped Cathy.  "What has Momma
been missing out on all this time?"

"What have we both been missing out on, Mom?"  Bobby grabbed his cock and
attempted to place the bloated tip between his his mother's cuntlips, but
Cathy shook her head.

"No, honey!  Let me!", she moaned.  Taking her son's huge prick in both hands,
Cathy lifted her hips, positioning the boy's large, flared cockhead into the
entrance of her cunt.  She gazed down between her legs and stared at her son's
cock, her heart skipping a beat the very size of it.  It felt like a baseball
bat in her fingers...  the head swollen...  the long, purple-veined shaft
thick as her arm, and hard as steel.

"Jesus, Bobby!", gulped Cathy staring in awe.  "My poor cunt hasn't seen a
cock that big in years," gulped Cathy.  "I hope I can take all that!"

"So do I, Mom!", said Bobby, gasping as his mother's hot, slippery outer lips
closed around the head of his cock.  It was too much for the young boy, and
whether or not his mother's cunt could take his prick, Bobby was past caring.
All he wanted to do right now was plunge further into the tight, hot wetness
that enveloped the tip of his cock.

"Here I come, Mom!  Ready or not!", grunted Bobby, getting ready to slam it to
her good.  Cathy looked down at the boy's massive cock in alarm.

"Here I come, Mom!  Ready or not!", grunted Bobby, getting ready to slam it to
her good.  Cathy looked down at the boy's massive cock in alarm.

"Bobby, No!  You'll hurt me!", she squealed.  "Let me get used to it a bit
first!"  He ignored his mother's cry, pushing her hands away from his cock.
Cathy tried to protest, but her voice wouldn't work.  She felt his body tense,
and then, before she could move or say another word, her son fucked his
mammoth cock into her cunt.

"Bobby!", she screamed, feeling his prick penetrate the tight wetness of her
pussy in a single thrust.  Although Cathy felt pain, it wasn't half as bad as
she'd been expecting, and even as she screamed her son's name, her hips jerked
upward, sliding onto the length of his mighty prick before she could stop
herself.  Cathy's eyes bulged as she felt him slide deep into her pussy, the
walls of her womb flexing as Bobby's cock stretched them, almost to the limit.

"Oh, God!  Fuck!  Oh, Bobby, that feels good, honey.  Your cock feels so
fucking good!  Oooooh!  Is all of it inside me baby?", asked Cathy, trembling.

"Unnnnngghhh!  Y...Yeah!  Oooff!  I think so, Mom!", grunted her son.

"Good!...  Then fuck me, Bobby!  Fuck me hard and make me come!", screamed

Cathy, grabbing the cheeks of her son's ass with both hands.

"Ohhhh, Jesus, yes Mom!  I'll fuck you alright!", panted Bobby clutching his
mother's hips.  "I'm gonna fuck your hot snatch real good!"

"Do it, baby!  Do it now!", hissed Cathy, unable to keep still any longer.
Bobby began to fuck his mother vigorously.  He stabbed his cock in and out of
her cunt with long, powerful strokes that soon had Cathy squirming and
squealing beneath him as she writhed in ecstasy.  Cathy clawed at the
bedspread, her head twisting from side to side as she began to whimper and
gurgle.  Her hips moved in time with her son's prick, grinding even as her ass
lunged up and down to meet his every stroke.

"Ohhh, yes!  Fuck me!  Jesus, Bobby fuck me harder!  God, I love your cock!"
At her words, she felt the boy's cock plunge in deeper, slamming against the
entrance of her quivering womb, the very place his own life had started
fifteen years ago.  The significance of their incestuous act was not lost on
Cathy.  She knew what she was doing, and she knew the implications.  But
instead of feeling shame or guilt, she felt only extreme sexual pleasure,
unbelievably heightened by the excitement of knowing that the long, hard cock
fucking her so deliciously, belonged to her own sweet son.  If only she'd only
known how utterly fantastic it was, she'd have started fucking him as soon as
he was capable of getting a hard-on.

Cathy threw up her slender arms and wrapped them around Bobby's neck, trying
forcibly to pull his young body into hers.  Her back arched in mindless
ecstasy, her blonde hair flew, and her slender hips bucked up off the bed,
sending her squirming cunt up at just the right angle to receive her son's
pounding thrusts.  The base of his cock mashed her clit, causing her to moan
and cry out with intense pleasure.

"Fuck me!...  Fuck me, you gorgeous prick!", Cathy urged wantonly.  Her
nostrils flared with agonizing desire, and she began to grind her hips into
the mattress in a shameless frenzy of lust, furiously thrusting her cunt up
onto the shaft of her son's cock in the convulsive rhythms of fucking.
"Jesus!", Bobby grunted loudly.  He still hung onto her undulating hips,
trying to keep his mother's wild gyrations under control.

Bobby couldn't believe the incredible constriction of her snug little slot
around his cock.  It was like fucking a little girl.

"Ahhhhh!  God, but you're tight, Mom!", he grunted, grimacing with the
delicious effort.  "Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm, tight and wet...  and so fuckin' hot!"
Bobby began to revolve his hips in a circular motion, grinding her clit
against the base of his cock as he thrust in.  He knew the girls he usually
fucked loved it.  His mother went wild.

"UHHHHHHHH!  OOOOOOOH!  FUCK!  WHAT ARE YOU D..  DO...  ARRRRGGGGHHHH!
BOBBY!" Cathy was whimpering loudly.  She had never felt so much pleasure.
She threw up her long tapering legs and locked her heels tightly in the middle
of Bobby's back.  Then she began to thrust up her buttocks much harder,
moaning as she felt his cock slam solidly into her tightly-stretched cunthole.

"Oh, Bobby!  That feels so good!  Harder, darling, harder!  Uhhhhh!  Uhhhhhh!
Slam it to me, baby!...  Mmmmmmmmmm, fuck momma really hard!  Oh my God, yes!"

"Unnnnghhhh!", Bobby grunted.  His face contorted into a mask of obscene
pleasure.  The tight, sucking warmth of his mother's cunt seemed to be sucking
the very cum out of his dick.  Several times he pulled his hips way back,
withdrawing until only the fat, bulbous tip of his cock remained.

Then, he'd suddenly slam it back inside his mother's upthrust snatch until
every inch of his meaty thickness was buried once more in her hot, forbidden
sheath, impaling her cunt almost brutally, with a single, convulsive thrust.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!  M...  My G...  G...God!", squealed Cathy.  Every contour of
her son's cock sent electric thrills up and down her spine as his hard,
pistoning shaft scraped deliciously against the walls of her tightly-stretched
cunt.

"Jesus, baby, where did you learn to fuck like that?", she moaned into his
mouth.  Bobby just grinned at her, delighted by the contorted look of pleasure
on his mother's pretty face.

"You like me fucking you, don't you, Mom?", he asked, thrusting harder.

"Yes!  Oh, fuck, yesss!  You have such a big cock, baby!", hissed Cathy,
locking her thighs more tightly around Bobby's waist.  "Uhhhhhhh, and you use
it so well, baby!"

Her son was fucking her like a young bull...  hard and strong and deep, and
still Cathy couldn't get enough of him.  She loved it!  She loved every
depraved second of it.  Every squeeze of his fingers...  every incestuous jab
of his cock...  every wicked sensation brought Cathy closer to the brink of
ecstasy. She continued thrusting her pussy up at her energetic son with jerky,
convulsive movements, milking his hard, young cock for all she was worth.

Bobby was in seventh heaven, and the more his mother whimpered and squirmed
beneath him, the harder he began to hammer his cock into her eager, responsive
twat.  He wondered vaguely how long he could keep this up.

Her hot slit was sucking at his prick, massaging it in its tight grip.  His
balls grew heavy as they smacked into the crook of her thighs again and again.
With every motion of the boy's hips, Cathy could feel her son's blood-engorged
stiffness driving into her cunt, chafing lusciously against the engorged bud
of her clit, pushing her irrevocably towards the carnal fulfillment she so
desperately craved.

"Ohhh, Bobby!  Yes, baby!  Fuck momma's cunt!  Make me come!  Oh, God!...
Jesus, I'm so damn close!  Ungghhh, make me come you gorgeous fuckin' prick!"

"Better make it fast, 'cause I'm gonna blow any second.  Can I come inside
you, Mom?"

"Yes, yes!", gurgled Cathy.  "Come in me, baby!  Ohhhh, faster, Bobby, faster!
We can make it together!...  Fuck!...  Fuck!  Ohhhh, Fuuucckkk!"

Bobby's cock slammed into his mother's cunt with jackhammer force, rocking her
whole body with rapid, powerful thrusts.  Her hot, responsive cunt was tight
and clinging, and the obscenities bubbling from her beautiful mouth only
served to excite him even further.  Cathy arched her back, rsising her slender
hips up to meet her son's every blow.  Each successive lunge seemed to
penetrate her deeper, filling her tortured cunt with a sensation too wonderful
to b