CAPTURED

My ass was dragging.  The job had been a real bitch for the past week.   I work
construction and the weather had put us about three weeks behind  schedule. 
Now it was make up time.  I thought about stopping off and  picking up 
something to eat, but I was at the stage where I was too tired  to be hungry. 
Tired as I was, I wasn't too tired for a little action.  I  drove past the same
porno shop every night, but had never had the nerve to  go in.  Tonight as I 
drove by, the hottest looking guy I had ever seen  walked out and stood for a 
moment in the doorway.  He had to be about 6'2"  and weighed in at about 170 
pounds.  His light brown hair was loose over  his forehead, and he pushed it 
back from his pale eyes.  His face wasn't  pretty, but rather good-looking and 
rugged.  The type of face that screams  SEX.  Our eyes locked for a brief 
second, and a slight smile lit up his  face.  His light blue t-shirt was about 
a half size too small and clung to  his hard pecs like a second skin.  His 501s
fit perfectly, his crotch  saying that there was plenty there and hugging his 
firm little ass like I  wanted my hands to.  My cock jumped inside my jeans, 
wanting to come out to  play.  The sound of a horn brought my attention back to
the street in time  to stop before I plowed into the car in front of me.  The 
guy in the car  raised his central finger in salute for the good job I had just
done.  I  didn't give a fuck about what he thought.  I turned back and looked 
for  that hot dude, but the doorway was empty.

Just my luck, I probably couldn't keep up the pace anyway.  The garage  door 
opened in response to the automatic signal and I drove in and hit the  closure 
before even shutting off the engine.  Unlocking the door, I walked  into the 
kitchen just as the phone began to ring.  The way I felt, I hoped  it wasn't 
someone who wanted me to do something.   Reluctantly, I picked up  the receiver
and said "yep."

"About time asshole."  The voice was Blain's, my best buddy.  One day,  I was 
gonna have to see just how he felt about his buddy getting into his  pants, but
for now I just said "what ya doin' guy?"  "Just making sure you  didn't forget 
about the party tonight."  Before I could begin to beg off,  Blain continued 
with "it really won't get started until around midnight, so  get a nice hot 
shower, and some sleep and haul your hot ass over here by  1:00 A.M., got it?" 
There was going to be no way around this, I was going  to a party.  "Got it 
Blain, see at 1:00." He must have been in a hurry.   Normally he would talk the
ear off a tree, but this time all he said was  "great," and hung up.

I picked up my mail from the front hallway and thumbed through it as I  walked 
back to the bedroom.  Nothing but flyers, and one bill.  I tossed it  on the 
dresser and quickly stripped off my work clothes.  I climbed into  the shower 
and set the head for needle point spray and turned the water on.   I felt soo 
good, I could almost cum.  After washing away the grime, I gave  a little extra
attention to my crotch area.  Washing it thoroughly brought  my cock awake.  As
it rose to it's full 7", my hand automatically encircled  the thick shaft. 
This was familiar territory.

With the hot spray falling on my chest, I slowly began to stroke my  meat.  It 
felt great.  I enjoyed jacking off.  Don't get me wrong, I enjoy  having some 
dude on his knees servicing my dick or braced against the  nearest wall while I
plugged his tight ass-hole, but right here and now was  a hole that was tight 
and new just how I liked it.  No questions as I slid  my hand to the head and 
back to the cock-hairs.  My left hand moved up to  my tits and pinched and 
pulled them until they stood up hard and sensitive.   I was really turning 
myself on.  Leaning back against the shower wall, my  right hand picked up 
speed and i was beating my cock with furious speed.   There was a hot glow that
seemed to ignite in the pit of my stomach and  move down slowly to my balls. 
The head of my dick was getting more and  more sensitive and my grip tightened 
as slipped over the edge.  Gasping, I  slammed my hand back to the cock-hairs 
just as the first wave hit me.  One,  two, three, and four pulsations of pure 
hot pleasure moved through my body.   I was surprised when five and six shook 
my 6' frame.

I continued to lean against the shower wall while my heart rate and  breathing 
came back to normal.  Slowly rubbing my hands over my body, I  felt the 
tell-tell tingle of reawakening.  No more for now.  Dropping my  cock, I took 
inventory of my self.  I worked out three times a week at the  gym set-up in my
basement for two hours and after three years, there was a  tremendous 
difference.  Every inch of my body was tight (every inch) and  trim.  My 42" 
chest tapered to a 30" waist.  I had worked on my ass in  particular, and it 
stood up high, tight, and well molded.  Got lots of  looks from men and women, 
but then the only ones that I was interested in  were the men's.  My dark hair 
was the perfect setting for my green eyes.   Fuck, if I'm such a hot looking 
dude, tell me why no lover?

Fuck it, just fuck it.  I dried by tired body off and climbed into bed.   I 
don't really remember lying down, just awakening at about 11:55 P.M. in  my 
dark bedroom.  Lying there in the dark, I was slowly coming back to the  land 
of the living when the phone rang, demanding that I make it double  time.  I 
picked up the receiver to hear "times up ass-hole, get that  gorgeous ass out 
of bed."  "Right Blain, (I tried to act and sound like I  had been up for 
hours) just trying to decide what to wear."  He laughed "we  spent three years 
living in a college dorm together, so don't give me  bullshit man.  You just 
woke up this moment and you know it."  "ok, ok!!   I'm getting up now and will 
be there BEFORE 1:00 A.M.  How's that?"  Blain  laughed again "If you're not 
here, you ass is mine.  That could prove  interesting and maybe fun for both of
us."  There was a pause then "maybe  that's something we should talk about in 
the future, but for now, get your  ass over here."  Again, he hung up before I 
could respond.  He was the same  in college, always in a hurry (I wonder if he 
sucks cock in a hurry) to   get finished.

I swung my legs out of bed and headed back into the bathroom.  I took a  piss, 
another quick shower, shaved and tried to make myself beautiful.  I  stood 
looking in the mirror at my face.  I had gotten enough sleep, my eyes  were 
pale emerald and bright, my thick eyebrows seemed almost to be one  continuous 
line above them.  Thick eyelashes gave them a sleepy look that  often had 
people wondering if I was paying attention.  My beard was heavy  and in about 
an hour would look like I had last shaved in the early  morning.  This was it, 
the picture didn't get any better.  Giving my thick  dark hair a fast 
run-through with the comb, I turned and walked back into  the bedroom.

What the fuck to wear?  It was Friday night, Blain's party was a "for  the fuck
of it" party so no sense in dressing up.  The hot guy in the door  of the porno
shop flashed into my mind.  That's the picture.  I pulled out  a turquoise 
t-shirt that my younger brother had sent me for Christmas two  years ago.  It 
was a medium and I most definately was a large.  I pulled it  on and watched as
it molded my pecs like a second skin.  The ridge of my  diaphram was chiseled 
in bold relief and the ripples of my abdomen were  clearly presented to any 
watching eye.  The tight sleeves made my arms seem  larger and harder. 
Reaching into the dresser drawer, I grabbed a pair of  Haines, but then dropped
them back, this is Friday night.  Instead, I  picked-up a pair of white cotton 
socks and put them on.  A clean pair of  501's were pulled up my hard legs and 
over the roundness of my ass.  I  reached inside cupping my cock and balls and 
placed them down the left leg  of my jeans.  Buttoning up, I smooth down the 
edges of the t-shirt.  No  wrinkles.  I hesitated a moment and popped open the 
third button.  A silent  invitation.  Looking in the closet, I started to grab 
a pair of white  Reeboks when I noticed the tan suede boots that I had bought 
several months  ago and not worn yet.  I brought them out and slid them on. 
They added  about 2" to my height.  I checked the image out in the full length 
mirror  of my closet.   Hot, fuckin' hot.  Picking up my watch, wallet and 
keys, I  headed for the garage and Blain's party.

Blain was a computer programer and had done pretty well for himself.   His 
condo was located in a new building in La Mesa with an excellent view  
overlooking a park and lake.  As I pulled up in front of the building, the  
attendant ran up to my window and leaned in.  "Mr. Blain's Party sir.  I'll  
park it for you."  The kid was about 19 and his blue eyes and surfer blond  
hair coupled with the yellow shirt and white shorts that were his working  
uniform set off the most incredible tan I had ever seen.  He was beautiful  
even though a bit on the small side.  While I had been checking him out,  his 
eyes had slid from mine, down my chest until they were stopped by the  bulge in
the left leg of my 501's.  He seemed to have trouble clearing his  throat.  His
must have realized where he was staring and looked back into  my eyes.  "I 
usually like my men a bit older," I said.  He smiled and  winked, "then maybe 
there's something you've been missing.  I'm small, but  then I'm wound real 
tight."  That sounded like a challenge.  "Don't worry,  you seem to have enough
to MEAT my needs."   The emphasis was on MEAT.  As  I got out of my MR-2 and 
stood, he took in a breath and said "fuck, you've  got everything I need.  I'll
leave my name and number in side glove box  here.  Use it dude."  He drove the 
car into the building garage.  No shit,  this was Friday.  Every fuckin' dude 
in the city was Fuckin'-A horney, and  I was one of them.

I turned and sprinted up the four or five stairs of the well lit  entrance and 
as I approached the door, I could clearly see the outline of  my cock down the 
left leg of my jeans mirrored in the glass.  The door  opened automatically as 
I approached and the doorman said "good evening  sir, are you here for the 
Blain Stevens party?"  "I sure am" I answered as  I turned and looked him over.
This black guy was equal to my own 6'2" and  weighed in at about 180 pounds. 
Looking up into his handsome face, I must  have appeared startled, he had eyes 
of my favorite color, emerald.  No  contacts either.  Blushing, I lowered my 
eyes, he had either been born into  that uniform or it had be tailored to fit 
him and no one else.  My eyes  continued their downward journey and came to 
rest on 8 to 9" of very thick  meat, soft.  Now it was my turn to clear my 
throat.  As I walked past him,  I heard him mumble under his breath, "hot dude,
fuckin'hot dude."   Locking  eyes with him, I pulled out my wallet and handed 
him a business card with  my name and address.  He smiled and said "Wednesday 
about 8:00 p.m.?"  I  answered his smile "perfect."  "I should warn you, " he 
said.  "I'M 7 3/4"  soft, but 10" hard.  That ass of yours looks a bit tight." 
I smiled as I  put my wallet back into the right rear pocket.  I let my hand 
rub the crack  of my ass and said, "that depends on just how much you want it 
doesn't it?   Besides, I'm equipped to give as good a ride as I get.  Later 
dude."

I crossed the lobby and the elevator took me rapidly up to Blain's  floor. 
This building as built for privacy.  They guy next door could be  tuning 
jet-speed boat engines in his living room and you'd hardly know it.   As I got 
off the elevator though, Madonna's "That Girl" got more distinct  as I reached 
my destination.  I knocked, but wasn't surprised when there  was no answer. 
The door was unlocked and I walked in to be grabbed by the  sound and shaken. 
The room was full of some of the hottest men I had ever  seen.  Looking around,
I saw Blain just going into the kitchen and pushed  my way through to join him.
He didn't hear me as I walked in.  He was  leaning over looking through the 
window of the oven as I walked up behind  him.  Blain and I had been real close
in college, not sexually, though it  could have been.  Planting my crotch 
against his ass, I wrapped my arms  around his waist as he stood up and leaned 
back against me.  I kissed him  behind the ear and ground my cock against the 
crack of his ass.  It was  common knowledge, if you wanted Blain's attention, 
put your hand or cock on  his ass.  All else followed.  "Christ man, stop or 
I'll cum right now."  He  turned and looked at me, seeming a little 
non-plussed.  "Glad you got here,  and early," he said glancing at the wall 
clock.  "But if you ever do that  again, you'd best be prepared to fuck me 
raw."  Blain wasn't smiling, this  was not a joke to him.

"Ok, what's wrong?"  Blain explained that while we had been in  college, it had
been his fantasy to be fucked by me.  By the time we found  out that we were 
both gay, we were both involved with someone else, now  over.  Though we lived 
in the same area, it had just never happened.   Without smiling, I said "when 
you get this mess cleaned up tomorrow, call  me."  Looking puzzled he asked 
"why."  "Don't be silly dude, so I can fuck  you silly."  I leaned down and 
kissed his perfect mouth, tickled for the  first time by his thick blond 
mustache.  Blain seemed to come apart in my  arms, his tongue forced its way 
into my mouth and down my throat.  I sucked  on his tongue as if it were his 6"
inches of uncut meat.  Light blond hair  and brown eyes frame a face that is 
even and well chiseled.  Blain is about  5'7" tall and a bit self-conscious 
about his height.  He has one of the  most perfect asses I've ever seen, very 
hard and rounded like a teenagers.  I don't believe there's a pair of pants 
that he wouldn't look great in.   Shaking, he moaned in his throat as I forced 
my tongue into his mouth.  My  hands slid up and down his back, finally coming 
to rest cupping his hard  ass cheeks.  We ground our cocks together as the 
fever mounted.  Suddenly,  there was cheering and we broke apart.

We hadn't noticed some of the other guys coming into the kitchen to  
investigate the smell of something burning.  Blain sort of bleeted as he  
rushed to the oven to remove whatever he had intended to serve, dropping it  
smoking into the sink.  Turning, we looked at each other and burst into  
laughter.   Jace, a friend of Blain's and mine, from right after college,  
handed me a drink and said "chill out man.  Save some of that for later."   
Frankly looking me up and down, Jace asked "you out to fuck or be fucked  
tonight?  No guy dressed like that is looking for anything but raw sex."   His 
capacity for giving compliments was sparse, so if Jace gave you one, it  was 
truth.  I blushed, and trying to hide it, took a swallow of the drink  and 
almost choked.  Gasping, I asked "what the fuck is it?"  "Uzo, don't  worry, 
you'll live and it gets better the more you drink."  A very warm  glow was 
spreading from the pit of my stomach and working its way out to my  fingers and
toes.  I kinda felt like when it reached its destination, I  would either 
explode or disintegrate.  Oh well, at least I was on my way to  having a fairly
good buzz.

I don't remember just how many glasses of Uzo I had, but I do  remember feeling
like I was floating and realized that I was shit-faced.   Later I would  find 
out that it was about 5:30 a.m. when I suddenly  disappeared from the party. 
I'm one of those people that when you feel  like you're losing control, you 
want to be at home and that's where I  headed.  I vaguely remember making it as
far as the garage.  I was  surprised to find the attendant was the same hot 19 
year old that had  parked the car for me.  "Long hours dude, get a better 
union."  He  supported me and helped me into the car.  I reached for the 
steering wheel  and was puzzled that there wasn't one.  My little helper pushed
me back in  the seat and fastened the seat belt as the car engine started. 
That's the  last thing I can remember until I came to later in the day, at 
least I  think it was day.

Actually I don't know just how long I had been conscious.  I do know  that to 
this day I hate the taste and smell of licorice, the undertaste of  Uzo.  As I 
became aware of myself, I didn't want to move.  Glad that I had  made it home, 
I lay there a moment more before I realized that there was  something covering 
my eyes, not tight, but securely.  I started to reach  for it but my hand 
wouldn't move more that an inch.  At first I kept trying  to move, then became 
aware that my hand was tied to something.  I tried to  move the other hand and 
my feet only to find that they were just as  securely fastened.  I panicked. 
Thrashing about on the bed at then ends of  my tethers almost cut the 
circulation off to all four of my limbs.  Though  I was terrified, I never 
screamed or yelled out.  To this day I don't  really know why.  I finally got 
hold of myself and calmed down enough to  try an asses the situation around me.
I was tied by all fours, lying on my  back on a bed that apparently had sheets 
on it.  Startled, I suddenly  realized that I was completely nude.  I was nude,
blindfolded, and tied to  a bed by someone and I hadn't the slightest idea of 
who or why.  I had  always wondered what it would be like to be at someone's 
mercy, but never  expected to place myself in the position to find out.  Last 
night I had  apparently done exactly that.

The sound of a door opening brought me out of my reverie.  I was all  attention
now.  My senses were hightened, I didn't know what to expect and  was keyed to 
the highest point.  Alert, as I had never been before, to all  around me, I was
sure that there was more than one person in the room.  I  was acutely 
embarrased, lying there nude before unknown eyes.  I went rigid  when something
lightly touched my left pec.  It circled the nipple several  times.  It felt 
like a feather that was gently caressing my tit.  Goose  bumps spread across my
body and and could feel both my nipples go rigid.   Another hand started up my 
right leg.  Barely touching the hairs, it made  me shiver with each pass of the
owners fingers.  The hand playing with my  nipple squeezed my tit and then 
moved down towards the hand at my right  foot.  The hand on my leg move upwards
to meet it, tracing a cool line of  sensation from my foot as it went.  I was 
not longer terrified, but I  wasn't sure of what to expect either.  Two more 
hands joined the first two,  these traced a light path from my ankles up 
towards my groin.  My cock went  suddenly rigid as this light sensation 
continued.  I'd never felt anything  like this in my life.  Shivering 
continuously, I was surprised to hear  myself moaning with the incredible 
sensation of the erotic touching that  was going on.  Slowly up and down my 
legs and across my chest to the top of  my pubic hair.  But, never touching my 
cock or balls.  Always close, but  never quite touching.  By now, my cock was 
dripping pre-cum like a faucet.

Whenever one of the hands came near my cock or ball sack, my body  
unconsciously turned in that direction, trying to make the contact  complete. 
They were driving me absolutely crazy.  What else could they do  or not do that
would heighten the sensation.  That was when I felt the  warm wet sensation 
engulf the little toe of my right foot.  I wasn't sure  at first what it was, 
then I felt something sensuous and hard that  encircled and lightly ran up and 
down the toe, sometimes swirling around  it.  It was the most incredible 
sensation so far.  Some guy (I hope) was  sucking my fuckin' toe and man did it
ever feel hot.  My cock strained in  response, as if it were being sucked dry 
by a vacuum.  Slowly, the mouth  moved on to the next toe, repeating the 
washing it had given the first and  then on to the next.  By the time it 
reached the big toe, I felt like I  could cum buckets.

Now the sensation started on the little finger of my left hand.  The  mouth was
sucking my finger as if it were a little cock.  My dick was  pulsating with the
need to explode.  The wet warmth worked its way through  the fingers and thumb 
of hand hand, then the stiff tongue massaged the palm  with its rigid tip.  I 
was almost crying with the need to cum.  I'd never  been at such a state of 
sexual arousal.  I found myself begging them.   "Please man, come on.  Suck my 
cock.  Oh please, at lest let me suck  yours."  I was totally helpless, no 
control or pride left.  I was one mass  of unfulfilled lust.

The bed moved as if someone was climbing on it from at least three  different 
angles.  "What...what are you going to do?"  I felt something  plant itself 
against the right side of my head and then another on the  left.  Before I 
could panic, something warm and rubbery struck my nose and  mouth.  Now I 
understood, someone was straddling my head and his balls were  resting on my 
mouth.  I took a deep breath and the clean smell of a man's  crotch filled my 
nostrils.  Tentatively I stuck out my tongue and bathe the  sack and its two 
round globes with my eager tongue.  I found myself moaning  with this little 
contact that I was allowed to have.  Finally able to  participate, I licked 
with avid fervor.  I sucked the balls into my mouth  one at a time and then 
both together.  Slowly and gently letting them pop  out of my mouth, one at a 
time.  I was in heaven.

My benefactor changed positions, pulling those wonderful orbs from my  mouth. 
I tried to protest and my reward was the feeling of his thick cock  slowly 
being inserted into my open mouth.  I was almost delirious with  lust.  I 
sucked on the head and shaft as he face fucked me, slowly at first  and then 
building up speed.  Without preamble, a hot mouth went down on my  cock, 
stopping only when it reached the cock-hairs.  I let out a  unrestrained yell, 
my ass bouncing off the bed in an attempt to force more  of my cock down that 
delicious throat.  Someone began licking my balls.   I'd never been so 
completely inundated by tactile sensation.  My mind felt  like it would 
overload on pure pleasure.  I couldn't take much more of  this, the hot warmth 
was building rapidly in my balls, screaming to get  out.  My ass was bucking to
fuck more of its length into that warm, tight,  sucking mouth that was bringing
me closer and closer to the brink.  I  sucked cock as if my very existence 
counted on it.  The guy above me  suddenly let out a loud gasp and gurgled "oh 
fuck."  He began to cum in my  mouth but pulled out and squirted stream after 
stream of hot cum over my  face.  I wanted to bathe in it, to revel int the 
feeling of his seed  covering me.  I fell over the edge, my body tightened like
an overdrawn  bowstring and then was released.  I exploded!!!  The cum squirted
down the  ravenous sucking throat of the guy giving he head.  It was almost 
painful,  coupled with the guy sucking my balls, my body vibrated and then I 
began to  thrash about with the overstimulation.  The guy above me moved off my
chest  and climbed off the bed.

"Please," I begged.  "No more, no more."  I fell into a totally  exhausted 
sleep.  Never in my life had I been so completely satiated.  I'm  used to 
cumming 5 or 6 times in a day, but I didn't think that I could ever  get it up 
again.  I remember dreams of nude hot men.  First they'd let me  suck the heads
of their cocks, but would pull just out of range, making me  crawl to them on 
my knees, begging to suck their meat.  I awoke slowly once  more.  Still 
blindfolded, still tied by all fours.  So far not once had my  captors really 
spoken to me.  At first I thought that I was alone, but as I  lay there, I 
could hear a familiar rythmic sound, like something wet being  rubbed between 
your palms.  The it hit me, someone was jacking off and from  the sounds of it,
he was either using a thick lubricant of his cock was  uncut.  I took a slow 
deep breath and the odor of cum filled my head.  I  didn't think I could get it
up again, but then I have been wrong before.   My 7" rose eagerly to become 
part of the sounds and smells of this room.  I  was wondering what would be 
next when I found out.

Both my legs suddenly were drawn up over my head by the material that  was tied
around them and secured to the head of the bed that I was on.   This brought my
knees up around my ears and I didn't need to be told what  was going to happen 
next.  The bed bounced as someone got on it.  Hands  began to message my ass 
and I felt the cold sensation of a lubricant being  smeared over my tight 
asshole.  "Go easy dude, I'm no virgin, but not far  from it."  This was really
turning me on.  I felt his legs as they slid  around my hips and the feeling of
the head of his thick cock as it nudged  at my back door.  This guy was either 
huge or my senses were off due to the  prolonged period of being blindfolded. 
I took several breaths and began to  relax.  The one thing I didn't want was my
asshole ripped apart.  He leaned  forward with a steady gentle pressure. 
Nothing happened at first, but with  the continuous pressure, slowly the 
sphincter began to open as if it were  its own idea.  At that moment, the bed 
rocked from side to side and I knew  the other two guys were getting into the 
act.  Once more an educated mouth  surrounded my stiff dripping cock.  I sighed
with the feeling and  simultaneously, the third guy started to suck and nibble 
at my tits.   Fuckin'-A man, I was on the pinnacle of pleasure once more.  I 
didn't  realize when the cock from the first guy had entered me.  I was just  
suddenly aware of being completely full.  The very presence of his cock up  my 
chute was making me drip pre-cum down the throat of the cocksucker  giving me 
head.  "Give me a second to get used to this dude, then ride my  ass man."  I 
relaxed and reveled in the hot quivering darts of pleasure  that pulsated from 
my ass and tits into my cock.  Once more I was at that  stage of near 
explosion, but not able to make it over the edge just yet.   When this was 
over, I was going to beg these guys to kidnap me at least  once a week and work
me over.  Shit, I'd fuckin' pay them to do it.

"Now ride me man, ride my God damn ass."  He pulled almost completely  out of 
my ass and the slowly slid his hard meat back up my rear chute.  My  body 
jerked with the sensations that shot through my it.  His thick cock  was 
rubbing the hell out of my prostate.  Without warning, I started  cumming.  The
guy sucking my cock began moaning in a frenzy as he sucked  down my load.  The 
guy working my tits never stopped.  It was almost like  he was an overzealous 
infant trying to get milk from them.  Meanwhile, the  guy riding my ass 
continued to fuck me slow and easy.  With my arms and  legs tied up, I couldn't
reach or touch anything, so I immersed myself in  the points of contact that 
were open to me.  I was aware that my stiff cock  had not gone down.  In fact, 
it had not even gotten the slightest bit soft  and was once more dripping 
pre-cum like a broken faucet.  My fucker  increased his pace.  I could hear his
breathing increase and he took  handfuls of my asscheeks and held on. 
Occasionally he would slap my ass,  making me involuntarily tighten my 
sphincter around his monster cock.  The  speed increased until he was slamming 
into my ass with all the force he  could muster.  I couldn't contain myself 
anymore.  I never talk during sex.   Perhaps an occasional moan or sigh,but 
that's about all.  I now heard  myself as if from a distance saying such things
as "that's it dude fuck me,  fuck my ass.  Please fuck me harder man, let know 
you're in there.  Come on  dude, grind this ass.  Please fuck me, please fuck 
me.  And the closer I  got to cumming again, it was just a continuous babbling 
of fuck me, fuck  me, fuck me......."

My fucker suddenly slammed into my ass one more time and went rigid.   He held 
my bouncing ass still with his huge cock buried up to the hairs in  my hot 
clutching hole.  "Fuck," he screamed out and then unloaded up my  ass.  It was 
like hot lead being squirted up my tail.  I found myself  bucking, trying to 
contain the sensation of the hot lead and the fact that  I was cumming.  Wave 
after wave of hot fuck pleasure washed over me.  I  felt the cum first rocket 
out of the end of my cock with force, then slow  to a dribble as the second 
waves of sensation struck me.  I had never cum  so much in my life.  It was as 
if all the energy I had ever contained was  being bleed of.  I rocked and 
thrashed with the uncontainable pleasure.   Thankful when it finally began to 
ebb.  The other two guys pulled off my  cock and my tits and moved up next to 
my chest.  Their knees touched me on  each and they began to cum over my pecs 
and abs.  All I could say at that  moment was a continuous litany of "oh, oh, 
oh, oh, oh..........  My body  shook and jerked as it was filled with an 
overload of hot sex feelings.   When you're that high, the fall is fast and the
burn-up complete.  I was  totally drained.  About five or ten minutes passed as
our breathing came  back to near normal.

I felt the guys all get off the bed.  My legs came down and I felt  the tension
of the lines to my hands give since I had become aware of their  presence. 
Hands gently removed the restraints from my hands and legs and  then there was 
a sense of waiting.  "Go ahead dude, take off the  blindfold," one of my 
captors said.  Almost reluctantly, I reached up and  pulled the blindfolded off
my eyes.  Slowly I opened them, shutting them  again quickly when they 
encountered the bright daylight streaming through  the window.  After a minute,
I opened them again.  It took me a moment to  focus, and the first thing I was 
a good-looking 19 year old blue eyed,  surfer blond with no clothes and a great
build that looked familiar.  "You  parked my car last night when I went to the 
party."  Someone sat down next  to me on the bed and I turned to find my humpy 
black doorman sitting next  to me.  He smiled and said "hot fuckin' dude."  The
door opened and in  walked one of the hottest men I'd ever seen.  Then I 
remembered I had seen  him before, standing in the doorway of a porno shop. 
All four of us were  nude.  I lay back on the bed for a moment and then I 
started laughing.  I  was almost hysterical.  When I realized that the other 
three were laughing  with me, I lost control and we all laughed until the tears
streamed down  our faces.

When I could control myself, I looked each guy in the eye and then  said "next 
week at my place, ok?"  They seemed stunned for a moment then  with the 
impetuosity of youth, the hot 19 year old (Bill) said "my brother  and I will 
be there, how about you Ray?"  Ray smiled and said "that depends  if his ass 
can take it a second time?"  I interrupted, "the ass can take it  a second 
time, but that black ass of yours looks like it might need some  attention soon
too."  Ray looked deep into my eyes and said "how about  now?"  "No fuckin' way
man, I'm totally fucked out for this week.  Besides,  I'd promised Blain a 
belated fuck for tonight and now, I could hardly walk.

"What time is it" I asked.  The reply startled me, it was 12:38 p.m.   There 
was time to get my strength back and give Blain what I should have  given him 5
years ago.  I lay back on the bed for a moment and sighed.   That's the last 
thing I remember until Larry (Bill's older brother) woke me  for some dinner. 
No more parties for a while, I can't handle them and Uzo  really isn't that bad
after all.

The End

