Archive-name: Bondage/captkati.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Capturing Katie


        She was the most beautiful and desirable woman I had ever 
come across in my whole life.  I took great delight in watching her 
struggle against the bonds that held her exposed and captive to my 
every pleasure.  Her dainty wrists were cuffed together and held 
above her head, her arms pulled uncomfortably high and tight by 
strong nylon ropes.  Her long, shiny black hair cascaded about her 
shoulders, partially obscuring the dildo gag that was jammed into 
her mouth, and swayed from side to side as she hopelessly tried to 
escape the cruel bondage that held her firmly in place.  Her breasts 
were unusually large for such a young woman and it was those special 
features that attracted me to her in the first place.  My eyes took 
in all of her beauty, travelling down past the narrow waist, her 
slim hips and continuing down to her full, but trim, thighs.  Her 
legs were masterpieces: they were long and firm, perfectly shaped 
and their beauty was enhanced by the fresh welts rising as a result 
of her latest whipping.  The skin on her inner thighs, the area 
closest to her cunt, had drawn most of my fury this night and the 
result was plain: long, deep red angry welts that almost seemed the 
color of blood, criss-crossing in a pattern that showed how each cut 
of the whip had been laid down.  I took pride in my artistic 
abilities: so what if my brush was a leather whip and my canvass the 
beautiful body of an innocent woman, fresh out of high 
school.  Every burning touch of the whip had been laid down with 
forethought and design to carefully bring out her finest features.
        Her ass had also been visited by my cruel punisher, but I 
had concentrated my attentions on her thighs and breasts, giving her 
ass somewhat of a break in order to let last nights wounds heal.  
The cross-cross pattern continued down her tanned legs, tapering off 
to nothing around the cuffs that locked her ankles to the ground, 
forcing her legs to be spread open about five feet apart.  She was 
pulled taught by the ropes from the ceiling pulley, and the only way 
she could relieve the growing pain and pressure in her shoulders was 
by standing on her tiptoes.  But with her legs so unnaturally spread 
apart, it was impossible to stand up high for more than a few 
minutes...she moaned and groaned as her tortured body rose and fell 
in her vain attempts to relieve the pressure in her shoulders and 
legs. 
        I watched the poor girl for a few minutes, almost feeling 
sorry for her.  I turned down the bright spotlights that fell upon 
her from the concrete ceiling and moved closer to her, standing in 
front of her where she could see my face.  My hands reached out for 
and roughly squeezed her full breasts, my fingers finding her 
nipples and pinching them until they were back to their proper 
hardness.  Tears welled up in her eyes and she looked at me 
pleadingly, moaning wildly and shaking with spasms that seemed to 
run uncontrollably up and down the full length of her body.  She had 
been held in this stringent bondage for a long time, and it was time 
to let her relax a bit; after all, it wouldn't be a good idea to 
drain away every ounce of energy: it's no fun if you leave them too 
weak to scream and shake.
        I kept one hand on her right breast and let the other one 
slide down her belly and through the triangle of black hair that 
remained above her clean-shaven pussy.  Her body stiffened as she 
felt my fingers slide along the wet lips of her pretty cunt; a cunt 
that I had come to know very well during the past few days.  Her 
pussy was a special delight: her vaginal lips were especially large, 
about the diameter of a half-dollar at their widest point, and her 
clit was about an inch long and very prominently displayed when 
erect and poking out from underneath the protective hood.  My 
fingers cruelly gripped the tender membranes of one lip and she 
really started moaning and shaking when I pinched as hard as I 
could.  I could feel my fingernails biting into her sensitive female 
flesh, eliciting longer and deeper muffled moans the harder I 
squeezed.  Her pussy had escaped major punishment so far, but later 
this evening, after she is locked into a more proper position for 
such work, I will give her cunt a full workout.
        But like I said, I was going to give her a little break, so 
I took my hands away from her frightened body and instead used them 
to unlock the three-inch dildo gag that was jammed into her mouth.  
She sighed and breathed heavily the moment the gag was out, licking 
her dried lips and opening and closing her jaw, trying to restore 
feeling that had been numbed by the constant expansion of the gag.
        "Please, " she pleaded, "Please let me go...You've had me 
here three days already...what more do you want?  I don't think I 
can take much more of this.  I won't say anything to anyone, just 
let me go!"
        I ignored her stupid comments and she shut up after seeing 
the look on my face. I told her, "Keep quiet slut.  You tired of 
hanging there?  Well, tell you what I'm gonna do: how about if we 
make a little deal.  You're good at deals, aren't you?  How about 
this one, then.  I'll let you down from there and let you put your 
arms down, if you ask me to tie your tits up tight. Alls you got to 
say is:Baby, please tie my tits hard...Got it?"
        She shook her head defiantly for a moment, but her mind 
started changing when she saw me head back towards the wall where my 
tools were hanging and reach for a riding crop.  I walked back and 
poked her pert, 36D tits with the end of the crop, lifting them up 
with the wide end and bouncing them from side to side.  I let the 
crop rest on her nipple and looked into her eyes.  She knew what 
would happen next: the first night I had her, I viciously beat her 
breasts with this same crop, drawing incredible screams from her.  
There were still marks on the sensitive undersides of her tits, where 
I like to concentrate when working on a big-titted girl.  She looked 
at me for a second, then, her head hanging down in defeat and her 
hair falling like a curtain around the pained face, said "Baby, 
please tie my tits hard." 
        I slammed the crop into the hard, red nipple of her left 
breast and told her to look at me in the eyes.  Her head tilted up, 
she again asked me to tie up her tits.  What could I do?  Here was 
this pretty young girl asking me to tie her tits...I'm basically 
a helpful guy and do what people want, so I uncranked the pulley and 
released the tension of the ropes.  She groaned with relief as I 
snapped the cuffs off of her ankles, permitting her to close her 
legs and stand somewhat naturally.  Her wrists were still cuffed 
totgether, and grabbing these, I led her towards another part of the 
basement where I kept a special piece of furniture: the examination 
table.  It was a table very similar to the kind found in 
gynecologist offices, except that this one had heavy duty leather 
straps and extra-strong steel bars instead of weak stirrups.  I 
think she knew what was coming, because when she saw the table, she 
groaned, "Ohhhh nooooo...." and vainly tried to resist my efforts to 
get her up on the table.  Three days of severe treatment, however, 
had weakened her to the point where capable resistance was 
impossible and I had no real problem in getting her to sit up on the 
table and lie down on her back.   I began by strapping down her 
waist with a wide leather belt. Next I removed her wrist cuffs and 
slid each wrist into a specially placed leather cuff that kept her 
arms locked against her sides.  Two more belts were placed around 
her upper arms and another went around her neck, thus effectively 
restraining her upper body and preventing any movement, however 
slight.
        But before I continue with this session, perhaps I should 
fill you in on some background information.  My helpless 
little friend is Katie.  I saw little Katie 
for the first time in a restaurant where she was working as 
a waitress.  I couldn't keep my eyes off of her that night: her 
beautiful face, large tits and shapely ass drove all other thoughts 
from my mind.  You see, I have this particular thing for young
girls, but Katie was special because she also had big firm breasts 
and nipples that could be seen poking through the thin material of 
her work blouse.  I don't think I tasted the food that night: my 
brain was all abuzz with planning out how I would get to know her 
better.  My fascination must have been obvious, because when a 
busboy came by to refill my water glass, he grinned and said "Nice, 
huh?" 
        I nodded and said, "She is beautiful...I think I'm in love.  
How long has she been working here?"  The idiot told me her name, and 
mentioned that she lived in Bay Shore, about 5 miles away.  I hurried 
up and finished my meal.  I probably spend too much money by going 
out to eat every night, but there are some benefits, like getting 
rewarded by finding out the names of girls like Katie and where they 
live.  Driving back home, I already knew that I would be visiting 
Skyler in a few months and looking that sweet young thing up in the 
phone book.  I was shaking with lust, but I managed to control myself 
from improptu behavior, and besides, all of my trapping gear was in 
the van at home.  To succeed in a hobby like mine, you need, above 
all else, patience.  Pick your target carefully and then take your 
time...all the work pays off in the end: just look at Katie strapped 
down on the table...what a payoff! 

The Capture

        I waited about a month and a half before I started Operation 
Katie.  I made sure not to return to that restaurant again, but 
looked her up in the phone book and found out where she lived.  Her 
neighborhood was perfect for what I had in mind: small houses hidden 
by lots of trees that were far from each other and had long 
driveways.  There was very little traffic on her street and no 
streetlights.  Her house was about half of a mile away from a 
slightly busier street and this road could be easily reached by 
walking down an infrequently travelled path through some dense woods.  
I made careful plans, even waiting for her to come home during the 
ten days before I intended to take her.  It was very easy to park the 
van in a shopping center near her house, walk through some woods and 
place myself in some well-positioned trees and bushes where I could 
watch the front door of her house.  This surveillance showed me that 
she lived alone, which was just what I wanted, and that she always 
came home by herself.  Apparently she didn't have any boyfriends, 
which was even better. 
        Everything seemed to be going my way until the tenth night of 
my watch.  She came home like usual, around 10:00 PM, but after 
spending an hour in one of the upstairs rooms, she came out the front 
door with a couple of suitcases and put them in the trunk of her car.  
I nearly shit!  The little bitch was going out of town and about to 
ruin all of my plans.  I thought fast and acted even faster.  I took 
off and raced back to the van.  I drove it to the street across the 
wooded path and parked it there after grabbing the bag holding my 
trapping gear.  I ran back to the front of her house, heart pounding 
and hoping that she hadn't left yet.  I lucked out and saw her car 
still there, with the front door open and all of the upstairs lights 
off.  I snuck around closer to her house, waiting in the shadows by 
the side of the house in front of the car.  She would be coming out 
any minute now, and I planned to make my grab as she walked from the 
porch to her car.  I waited a minute or two and then finally heard 
the screen door open, the front door closed shut and she was walking 
down the steps to her car.  In a flash, I stalked her silently from 
behind and surprised her by tackling her from the rear and falling on 
top of her as we both hit the ground.  She never knew what hit her. 
        Years of practice have perfected my technique, and in just a 
few seconds I was sitting on top of her back with my knees holding 
her arms down and my hands slipping the gag into her mouth.  She was 
kind of dazed for a minute, and didn't start to struggle till after 
the gag was secured, which by then was too late for her because noone 
could here her muffled screams anymore.  I punched the back of her 
head to settle her down a bit, then proceeded to handcuff her hands 
together, behind her back.  I next cuffed her ankles, thus ensuring 
that she could not get away.  I took a strong rope out of my bag and 
slipped it through the ankle and wrist cuffs, tying her wrists and 
ankles together very tightly.  Her legs were bent back pretty good, 
and to make the bondage even tighter, I looped some cords around her 
knees, forcing her legs together.  She was ready to be moved, except 
for one final thing, and after placing a hood over her face, I picked 
her up, along with my bag, and carried her through the woods to my 
waiting van.  
        I approached the van slowly, making sure that no cars were 
coming down the street or that noone was walking their dog.  I 
quickly opened the rear door, put her inside and closed the door 
behind me.  This had happened so fast that she was still kind of 
dazed and not really struggling, which made it easy for me to pack 
her into a waiting heavy-duty trunk.  Snapping the lid closed, I 
piled some boxes around it, along with some moving blankets, and 
crawled up to the front to start the engine.  I was soon out of that 
neighborhood safely and on my way home.  I stopped for a minute at a 
convenience store and bought some lottery tickets (since I figured my 
luck was riding pretty high), some beer and cigarettes.  I was home 
half an hour later and pulling my van into the garage when I could 
finally relax and start to enjoy my accomplishment.  Beautiful Katie 
was all mine!

Welcome to the Dungeon 

        After waiting for the garage door to close, I went into the 
kitchen through the utility room and looked out of the window, making 
sure that no cars had followed me.  Everything looked clear, so I went 
to the door that led into the basement, went down the stairs and 
turned on the lights.  Another door, which was always kept locked and 
made out of steel, led down into the dungeon proper.  It took me 
months of slow excavation to dig out a new and lower level, which was 
where I kept my bondage equipment and the girls I played with.  I went 
down into this chilly pit and turned on a few lights, ending up next 
to a table where I liked to put the girls for their preliminary 
exercises and preparations.  After making sure all of the straps were 
ready, I walked upstairs and returned to Katie waiting for me in the 
stuffy trunk.  She must have been really scared by now, because I 
could hear her struggling as much as she could in the confined space, 
trying to scream as loud as she could through the muffling gag.  I 
moved the boxes aside, unlatched the trunk and reached for her 
helpless body.
        She went rigid with fear as I told her, "Settle down bitch, 
the real fun hasn't even started yet.  Just wait a few minutes..."
        I picked her up out of the trunk and carried her downstairs, 
after slipping loose the ropes that tied her ankles to her wrists.  Su 
Lin, of course had no idea where she was, but she at least knew she 
was in some kind of building, especially when I carried her down the 
stairs.  I could feel that her body was tense, her senses alert as she 
tried to figure out what was about to happen next.  She soon found 
out.  I laid her down on the table and quickly slipped a strap around 
her neck that secured her head to the hard, heavy table.  I reached 
under her back to unlock the cuffs in order to secure them to the 
straps that ran from the upper corners of the table.  I expected her 
to struggle once her wrists were freed, they all did, and Katie was 
no exception.  A few quick slaps on the face stunned her long enough 
for me to secure her arms, after which I slipped new ropes around her 
ankles and secured them also.  I untied the straps across her knees 
and pulled on her ankle restraints till her legs were tightly locked 
into place and very nicely spread. 
        I could tell that she was really nervous now.  She was 
probably expecting to be raped after I had tackled her to the ground 
in front of her house.  But she could tell that more than a 'simple' 
rape was about to happen: she had been kidnapped and tied to this 
table for more than forced sex.  I talked to her while I removed her 
hood and gag, since sometimes seeing what is about to happen can 
really scare the shit out of them, especially at the beginning of 
their training period.  I had a fierce-looking leather mask on to 
protect myself and her eyes widened with shock and fear when the hood 
slipped off and she looked around the room.  The first thing she tried 
to do was lift her head to look down at her legs, but she couldn't 
raise her head enough to get a good look. 
        "Don't worry my little slut, your legs look just fine.  
They'll look even better once I get your clothes off, bitch."
        I used a sharp pair of scissors to cut through the thin 
material of the cotton skirt that she wore, leaving her in pretty red 
panties.  With her legs spread so wide, I could clearly see the outline 
of her sweet pussy through the shear material.  I let the blades of my 
scissors run along her crack, teasing her tender mound with the sharp 
ends through her panties.  I opened the scissors and let one blade 
slide about an inch into her hole.  She pleaded, "Oh please, don't cut 
me down there!  PLEASE!!!"  Of course I would never damage a hole I 
planned to use, but it was nice to let her think that I would.  I 
pushed the blade in a little deeper, till the only way I could get it 
in farther would be by slicing up her tender pussy a little.  I kept it 
there for a few seconds, then eased it back out in order to cut her 
panties off.  She sighed with relief when she realized her vagina was 
not about to be sliced and diced.  I also removed her blouse and bra 
very quickly, her nice tits still firm and pointing straight up.  They 
were real beauties and I couldn't wait to get my hands on them, but I 
like working on a new girl's pussy first - it's alot more humiliating 
for them. 
        I was very impressed with her cunt: she had nice full lips and 
a rather large clit.  I like my girls this way; makes it easier to 
clamp their cunts when you have more flesh to work with.  I was going 
to have to trim away some of that thick black hair, though, since I 
like to have them clean shaven - comes out better in my pictures that 
way.  I used the scissors to trim down her long bush, cutting as close 
as possible.  I made sure, though, to keep a dark triangle patch of 
hair above her cunt lips.  I brushed away the lose hairs, and proceeded 
to lather her pussy up with shaving cream in order to finish the job 
right. I used a straight razor, and holding it firmly against her pussy 
area, warned her, "Don't make a move, stupid, or this damn thing just 
may slice up some of that pretty pussy."  With the practiced touch of 
an experienced barber, I carefully shaved away all of her pubes, 
leaving her cunt as bare as the day she was born, except for a small 
patch above her lips.
        I placed a mirror above her waist and angled it so that she 
could see what her slit looked like without hair.  She seemed 
rather taken aback, and felt extremely humiliated since her pussy lips 
now seemed larger than usual without the protection of her pubes to 
shield them.  Her cunt was very puffy, her lips pouting and her clit 
getting semi-erect.  The slow shaving and the feeling of the cream had 
slightly aroused her.  I cleaned her up with a towel, and to arouse her 
even further, I gently blew across her newly shaven mound.  She started 
to moan slightly and to slowly start grinding her hips as the cool 
sensation of my breath touched her bare, wet lips.  I could see her 
getting more and more aroused, her clit starting to expand to its full 
size and a few drops of cuntjuice glistened along her inner lips.  I 
tenderly put my fingers on her cunt and used them to push her pussy 
lips open, exposing the deep pink hole beneath.  I blew more air over 
her lips and into her hole while my index finger started to gently rub 
the clit that was now starting to poke out from beneath its hood.  She 
was really starting to get off, her hips rocking and her ass cheeks 
clenching while the pace of her breathing quickened.  There was a blush 
spreading across her face, and her nipples were also starting to get 
hard.
        I kept up the manipulation of her pussy for a few more minutes, 
until I felt that she was on the verge of coming.  She was soon about 
to learn that she wasn't here for fun and games.  While my right hand 
kept her pussy happy, my left hand reached for a pair of pliers that I 
kept on a shelf beneath the examination table.  Not able to raise her 
head, she didn't see as I moved the heavy steel, sharp-toothed pliers 
towards her hot and defenseless cunt.  Without any warning, I cruelly 
gripped her hard and aroused clit in the cruel jaws of the pliers, 
squeezing as hard as I could.  She went from pleasure to the most 
severe pain she had ever felt, instantly.  Her body stiffened, her toes 
curled tight and her hands clenched into fists.  She screamed and 
screamed, but I kept up the tight pressure and piercing pain on her 
sweet clit, even pulling the pliers towards me, stretching her 
tender clit flesh tight.  She tried raising her ass off the bench to 
lessen the terrible strain on her clit, but the more she arched, the 
harder I pulled, till eventually her clit was stretched to an 
incredible length, near double its usual one-inch length.  I reached up 
with my free hand to her left breast, and gripped her tender nipple 
with my fingers, pinching as cruelly as possible.  This brought forth a 
new urgency in her continual screaming.  I could see her shaking with 
the pain and there was a complete look of agony and terror in her face.  
Poor bitch, I thought, in a few days this kind of treatment will be 
nothing compared to what she will have endured in later sessions. After 
a few minutes of torturing her clit and nipple, I released the tender 
flesh and watched as she slowly calmed down and recovered from the pain 
she had felt.
        "Just think, my little slut-bitch, a few minutes ago you were 
about to come, but got intense pain instead.  Just think of that next 
time you start feeling good.  By the time I finish with you, you'll be 
coming every time I do what I just did."
        She was dazed and confused; I could see it in her eyes.  Her 
breathing was getting back to normal.  She must have been wondering 
what kind of man would want to do this to a sweet young girl like her.  
What really got to her, though, was the unwelcome realization that the 
evil abuse had started to slightly arouse her.  Underneath the pain, 
she had felt a stirring in the deep nerves of her cunt and tits, and 
this was something she couldn't understand.  She had liked the way her 
first boyfriend had treated her in bed: he was very rough, slapping her 
ass and pinching her nipples hard while fucking her.  But this kind of 
abuse was totally different.  Simply put, she was confused.
        I decided it was time to introduce her tits to the concept of 
severe pain.  I roughly mauled and handled her fleshy mounds, admiring 
their firmness and roundness.  She had large tits for such a skinny 
little gal and I knew they would turn up great in the pictures I 
planned to take.  My fingers grazed her nipples gently, circling around 
the tan areola of each breast, till her nipples were up and waiting for 
abuse.  I literally shook with lust as I squeezed her tits.  Her 
nipples were very long, just perfect for clamping, so I figured it was 
about time to introduce her to my steel clamps.  For her first 
experience, I planned to use a pair of spring clamps with very sharp 
teeth.  The end of the clamp had a ring so that I could pass a cord 
through it and force her tits up by pulling on them with cords.  I 
reached for the clamps and brought them up to her face, so that she 
could see what I was about to use on her.  I liked the look of fear on 
her face when she saw the sharp, serrated edge of the clamps and I 
could tell that she seemed to have an idea what they would be used for.
        She started whimpering, "Please...please...don't put those 
things on me!  I'll do anything you want.  I'll blow you, let you fuck 
me wherever you want, but don't put those on me!"  I loved to hear her 
plead and it made me feel great that this slut, who 2 hours ago 
wouldn't have looked at me twice, was now begging me to fuck her.  
Amazing what a little bit of pain can do - it's alot easier than buying 
them drinks at a bar and hoping they'll fuck you later.
        I wasn't in the fucking mood, though, so I ignored her offer 
and proceeded to clamp her hard tit-tips.  I slipped one clamp over her 
right tit, easing on the pressure slowly so that she could feel it 
gradually squeezing and cutting into her tender flesh.  By the time I 
let go, she was vainly trying to shake the clamp off by bouncing her 
tits around.  But this clamp was tight, and the shaking only increased 
the pain she felt.  I quickly attached the second clamp, and this 
brought forth new screams as the nerves in her nipples felt something 
they had never felt before: severe, crushing pain.  The teeth of the 
clamps were doing their job magnificently, cutting into the tender 
flesh and forcing out minute drops of blood.  I held the clamps in my 
hands and slowly raised them away from her chest, pulling her nipples 
into tight, painful cones.  I connected each clamp with a cord that 
came down from a ceiling pulley system while she watched in dismay.  
She realized what I was up to when she saw me turn a crank that pulled 
on the cords that held her clamped nipples.  After a few turns, her 
tits were slowly being pulled skyward, increasing the pressure on her 
nipples and bringing out a fresh round of screaming from her crying 
face.  I loved the way she looked now.  Her legs were tightly spread, 
with her pussy recovering from the abuse her clit had endured, and her 
tits were pulled up tight and hard, making them look unnatural as 
though they defied gravity.  Best of all, though, was the look of 
absolute terror that blanketed her face.  She was slowly realizing that 
she might not get out of this in one piece; that she had met a man who 
got off on torturing women, and that she was in for nothing but abuse 
and torture for the rest of her life.  Yesterday, she was nineteen and 
had felt that the world was before her.  But now she was nothing more 
than a pair of tits, a cunt and an ass for any man to abuse and use.  
        She was starting to break down mentally under the assault 
inflicted upon her tits and cunt.  I decided to let her contemplate her 
situation, so after a few more cranks on the pulley to really stretch 
her tits, I left her alone and turned off the lights.  I was hungry 
after this hard days night, so I went upstairs to the land of the 
living and made myself a sandwich.  Katie's abuse would continue after 
a light snack and a couple of beers.

--
