Archive-name: Bondage/captive.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Captive


                               Part I 

    I unlocked the door to my hotel suite and walked in. The cool of the air 
conditioning was a welcome relief from the sticky heat of the city streets. I 
poured myself a drink, kicked off my shoes, and settled into an arm chair 
with the load of magazine that I'd bought. 

    I'm not the sort of guy who frequents a fancy downtown hotel like this. 
In fact this was my first visit here and, in fact, to this city. I'd taken 
second place in a sales contest at work and had won a "Second Honeymoon 
Weekend for Two" at this hotel out a hundred miles from my hometown. Since 
I'm not married, the gang at the office kidded me about the wild time I would 
have with some "pretty young thing."  Of course I would never admit it to 
them but, after breaking up with my wife a year ago, I'd actually dated very 
little. 

    I'd gotten quickly bored with the pick-up scene. Or maybe, more honestly, 
I"d felt that an almost-middle-aged guy like myself couldn't compete with all 
the young studs in the bars.  Not that I consider myself over the hill or 
anything; I'm only thirty seven and work out regularly to keep in top shape. 
It just all seemed at times to be too much bother. Anyway, after some 
thought, I decided to use my prize. I deserved some time off and besides 
could find some use for the $500 in spending money included. 


    The accommodations were certainly first-class. It was a two-room suite; a 
sitting room with a twelveth-floor balcony affording a beautiful view of the 
waterfront. There also was a separate bedroom with a king size bed. Amenities 
included a well-stocked bar and a jaccuzzi in the bathroom. It had been a 
nice summer day for the drive and I'd arrived early enough to avoid the crush 
of rush hour traffic. After freshening up I went for a stroll to get my 
bearings, had a few drinks in a nearby bar, and stuff myself with a steak 
dinner. On my way back to the hotel, I'd stopped by a magazine stand. 

    Sipping my Jack Daniels and water, I flipped disinterestedly through the 
pages. I lit up one of the supply of joints I'd rolled for the weekend and 
let the warmth of the gentle buzz seep into my brain. I quickly got bored 
with the usual sports and political stuff and instead turned to the free 
tabloid paper I'd grabbed from a street rack. It was a fairly typical "adult 
entertainment" rag and I made mental notes about some of the nearby strip 
joints advertised. For some reason, a small ad near the back caught my eye. 
"QUALITY ENTERTAINMENT FOR THE DISCRIMINATING GENTLEMAN" was all it said, 
listing a phone number. For the hell of it I reached for the phone and 
dialed. 

    After a few rings a deep female voice answered with simply a soft 
'Hello'. I mentioned seeing the ad and asked about what kinds of 'services' 
they offered. She must have sensed my sarcasm and responded with a small 
laugh. "We offer a wide variety of services' and we have a variety of 
attractive 'service technicians' available. We offer premium quality at a 
premium price. What kind of 'service' are you interested in ?" 

    The last time I'd used a hooker was years ago while in the service. Maybe 
the booze and smoke had melted my reserve. I had the prize money in my pocket 
and I was in the city to have a good time so I decided to go for it. "I was 
wondering if one of your ladies could visit me in my hotel room." "If you'll 
tell me a little bit about what you desire," she replied, "I'll be glad to 
have one of our agents call you. You can work out the details with him or 
her. He or she will collect our referral fee if you decide to get together." 

     Her easy-going manner had put me at ease. "I'm interested in a 'she'. 
Someone tall and slim, but with a nice figure. A woman of class, with brains 
as well as a body. Someone self-assured and confident."  I hesitated; then 
blurted out, "A woman not afraid to take charge... I mean... to take 
control... I mean..." "I understand," she said, interrupting my 
embarrassment, "I think Carol is available this evening. I'm sure she'll suit 
your tastes. If you like, I'll have her give you a call." Feeling my cock grow 
slightly in my slacks, I gave her my first name and phone number. 

    I went to the bar and freshened my drink. Settling once again in my 
chair, my mind raced. Rich fantasies that I had buried deep within my 
subconscious now bubbled to the surface. Visions of being helplessly bound 
before a tall, beautiful goddess... commanded to serve and to do unmentionable 
things... being stripped of my masculinity and forced to wear feminine 
clothes... The last thought sent a shiver of guilt and excitement down my 
spine. I took a healthy gulp from my drink in a effort to calm my now pounding 
heart. I toyed with the idea of another joint to settle me down but decided 
that I needed to keep my wits about me. 

    The sudden explosion of sound from the phone made me jerk and spill my 
drink in my lap. I made a half-hearted effort at wiping up the mess before 
grabbing the ringing phone. My ear was met with a husky, yet very feminine, 
voice. "Hello, John... this is Carol. How are you doing tonight ?" "F-f- 
fine," I finally managed to blurt out, "H-h-how are you ?" I felt like an 
idiot; as if I were a teenager asking for his first date. "I'm doing just 
fine," Carol replied. "The agency said you called. What can I do for you ?" I 
again started stammering. "W-w-well, I thought you could join me at my hotel 
for a few drinks or a joint a-a-and..." "That's O.K.," she interjected 
soothingly, "I know that you're excited about getting together. Why don't I 
tell you a little about myself to help break the ice." 

    She went on to described herself in a manner that made my crotch swell 
against my now-soaked slacks. She said she was twenty-eight, 5' 10", with 
brown eyes and long brown hair. "And I've been told a rather nice body," she 
continued with a twinkle in her voice. "I'm especially proud of my tight little 
ass and my long legs. How does that sound to you ?" The last remark sent 
another tingle through my cock. I'm a leg man from way back.  "It sounds 
great !" I responded with enthusiasm. "Good," she cooed, " now tell me about 
what sort of things you've been fantasizing about before I called." 

    Somehow her straight-forward yet gentle manner eased the tension. I 
poured out my desires of bondage and domination; my voice quickening and my 
descriptions becoming more graphic as I went. Carol responded with an almost 
bubbly enthusiasm; encouragin me to fill in any details that I might have 
forgotten. Finally, I summoned my courage and added, "...and I'd love to be 
forced to wear women's clothes." She purred softly in response, "Now THAT 
sounds delicious." 

    She asked for a brief description of myself. She murmured in approval as 
I related my 5'10, 180 lb., muscular build. "Mmmm a big boy... or should I 
say a big 'girl'. I like that." She quickly covered the business end of 
things; the agency's and her fee. It was a lot but I was far beyond caring by 
now. I gave her the hotel name and my room number. "I got to gather a few 
things and grab a cab; but I should be there in about a half-hour. Now I want 
you to behave yourself until then. Don't even touch that ot little cock of 
yours before I arrive." The last was delivered in the same husky, bubbly 
voice. But it bore into the core of my soul very much as a command. 

    I was about to hang up when a sudden thought struck me. "I forgot to ask. 
What sort of things are you interested in ?" There was a pause and the same 
murmur, this time with a slight edge of a growl. ""Mmmm... you find out soon 
enough. Lets just say that I like to be in command." 

    I sat there stunned, the receiver frozen to my ear. I never heard the 
click; it took the dial tone to shock me back to reality. As I hung up the 
phone I instinctively reached down to relieve the burning desire between my 
legs. Suddenly, as if by remote control, my hand came to a stop inches from
my crotch. I sat and stared at it as it quivered nervously;
suspended in mid-air.


Part II 

    I don't know how long I sat there before suddenly coming back to my 
senses. Shaken, I decided to have that second joint to calm me. I lit it and 
took several deep drags. Exhaling slowly, I felt a dizzy airiness waft 
through my head.  Quickly peeling my clothes off, I headed to the shower. As 
I stepped under the spray, my cock swayed in front of me. It seemed larger 
and harder that I ever remembered it, the skin on its head stretched taut and 
shiny. I turned the water all the way to cold in a attempt to quell the aching 
need to beat off. The relief, if any, and short-lived. Toweling off, I was 
forced to pat my crotch as gently as possible lest the rough terrycloth 
trigger a forbidden orgasm. Even though in my present feverish state I felt 
my erection would quickly return; I was sure that Carol would somehow know 
that I had disobeyed. 

    Finishing the joint as I went, I slipped into a fresh pair of briefs; 
stretching the waistband to the limit and bending forward in order to capture 
my cock without any forbidden touch.  As I fumbled with my slacks and sport 
shirt, my mind strayed frequently. Snapping back to reality to discover myself 
sitting on the bed with one sock on, I realized that I had gone far beyond a 
light buzz. I was totally wrecked. Panic struck me; would I be able to keep 
my wits sufficiently about me?  Struggling to concentrate on the tasks at 
hand, I somehow managed to put the required money on the end table in an 
envelope. I wandered around the suite in a haphazard attempt at tidying 
things up. I was about to refill my drink from the bar when a loud knock at 
the door startled me. 

    I shuffled to the door and opened it. There stood Carol. Her brief phone 
description did not begin to do her justice. She was not at all as I had 
imagined. A broad smile spread across her face; brilliant white teeth framed 
her soft red lips shining w h a wet-look gloss. She had her long hair pulled 
back into a casual pony tail. This, along with the moderate makeup and her 
casual outfit, gave her more the appearance of a coed than a hooker. She wore 
a jean jacket over a leotard and a matching denim skirt. The latter was 
fashionably short, cut several inches above the knee. It featured her legs 
wonderfully. She had been most modest about them. Deeply tanned, they looked 
lovely without stockings. So smooth and slim, and they seemed to extend 
forever. I followed them down with my eyes until they disappeared into her red 
pumps. I stared numbly at the four inch spike heels. 

    "May I come in, John ?" The soft huskiness of her voice caused me to jerk 
my head upwards.  Too dazed to respond, I stepped back and allowed her to 
enter. She strolled in, dropping a large tote bag in a chair as she went. I 
locked the door and turned to see her move through the suite. The fabric of 
her skirt stretched tight as her firm ass swayed from side to side as she 
glided toward the bedroom. Just as I started to follow after her, she 
reappeared. "Nice. Very nice," she offered. Taking a deep breath
she remarked, "Seems like you started the party without me. Got any more ?" 
Finding my voice I replied "Sure," and quickly lighted another joint. 
Offering it to her I noticed that the heels gave her several inches over me. 

    "A drink ?" I asked, mad at myself for mumbling in monosyllables. 
"Please. Scotch on the rocks if you have it." "Coming right up," I said 
moving to the bar. As it had on the phone, her easy going manner had again 
put me at ease. I poured one for myself and moved to the couch where she had 
seated herself. I felt my face redden as I noticed her looking straight at my 
bulging zipper as I approached. Embarrassed, I handed her drink and took a 
seat in the armchair next to the couch and painfully tried to cross my legs. 
This brought a small grin in response. 

    Carol made small talk about the traffic and weather as we sat and sipped 
our drinks. I tried to keep my eyes moving; alternately staring at the swell 
of her firm breasts peeking out from beneath her jacket, the expanse of her 
trim thighs exposed as she crossed her legs, and the gentle swaying of her 
slim high heels. I certainly didn't need the additional booze and grass. Both 
my inhibitions and my self-control were fading rapidly.  I lapsed into 
silence and found myself staring at her long sculptured nails as she passed 
the end of the joint. They were the same shiny soft red as her lips. I found 
myself intrigued by them. Somehow they seemed both seductive and threatening 
at the same time. Suddenly, the familiar sound of a soft, growl-like murmur 
brought my eyes upwards. 

    Until now I had subconsciously avoided direct eye contact. Now I knew 
why. Her overall appearance of innocence was betrayed by something deep 
within those eyes; Large brown pools that penetrated so. I felt myself being 
drawn in. They seemed to bore deep into my soul. I was unable to avert my 
gaze; trapped like a deer in a car's headlights. A shiver of panic and 
pleasure went through me as a soft "Time to begin," echoed in my ears. 

    "Stand up," Carol ordered and I obeyed. "Get undressed," came another 
soft command. Responding almost mechanically, I removed my clothes. The lay 
on the floor around me where they fell. My eyes admired those incredibly long 
legs as Carol, now standing, turned away from me and rummaged through the 
tote bag. My body hair seemed to ruffle in the cool breeze of the air 
conditioning as I stood there naked. Carol turned and approached. In my 
stoned state she seemed to be moving underwater. The few steps between us took 
forever. My mind was jarred momentarily by the sight that I beheld; until now 
I had not realized that she had removed her jacket. Her braless breasts 
swayed slightly under the sleeveless leotard. They stood firm and proud; the 
deep vee of the neckline hinting at the soft valley between them. The taut 
shiny fabric highlighted their full roundness and prominent nipples. 

    "Turn around." Carol now stood inches from me. I had to look up slightly 
to reach those mysterious brown eyes. A devilish grin had transformed her 
face from cute to cunning. "Turn around," she said again. The barest hint of 
roughness in her voice created more urgency than if she had yelled. I shuffled 
around. My wrists were pulled firmly behind me. A wide band of leather 
circled them. The strap tightened sharply. My hands, suddenly released, fell 
against my bare ass. My wrists felt welded together when I tested them. A 
surge of panic and arousal swept through me. My already straining cock 
twitched up and down in front of me. I sensed Carol moving behind me but I 
was afraid to turn without permission. 

    After a few moments she reappeared. Slowly she dropped to her knees in 
front of me. My cock jumped again. "Lift your foot," came the soft command.  
Looking down, I watched as she drew a pair of tights over my raised foot. I 
shifted my pose as she did he other. They were an opaque flesh color and 
finished with a high gloss. I watched in fascination as my hairy limbs became 
sleek as she glided the shiny nylon upward. My flesh tingled as their firm 
caress enveloped them. She moved deliberately; using both hands to smooth the 
fabric upwards. As she approached my groin, my cock quivered anew and my eyes 
closed in anticipation. They jerked open and I yelped as the waistband 
snapped painfully around my middle. 

    Carol again disappeared behind me. I took the opportunity to examine my 
new limbs as I twisted and turned them. They seemed somehow slimmer and more 
attractive then before. The soft reflection of the room lights shimmered and 
sparkled on the shiny material. My cock, now imprisoned against my stomach, 
was tantalized by the soft yet unyielding cloth. Carol returned to view, 
holding something behind her. She had now removed her skirt and I was allowed 
for the first time to admire the entire length of those wondrous legs. 
Incredibly smooth and flawlessly tan, they extended from the red pumps in 
gentle curves. The high french cut of the shiny leotard framed her long, firm 
thighs, round hips, and half exposed the tight globes of her well- rounded 
ass. The garment fit like a layer of skin over her flat stomach and narrow 
waist. The faintest outline of her cunt lips was visible where her legs met. 

    My enjoyment was short-lived. Bringing her hand into view she held a pair 
of scissors menacingly before my crotch. Light flashed off the silvery blades 
as she opened and closed them. In horror, I tugged at my bonds and began to 
edge away. "Hold still" she said as she pulled me back by the waistband of my 
tights. I froze breathlessly as she carefully cut a small hole in the nylon. 
Suddenly free, my cock leaped outward. She squeezed it just behind the 
engorged head with two fingers. Her firm grasp stopped my impending orgasm 
just short of release. She pulled my balls through the hole and arranged the 
edge of the nylon around them. I caught a lump in my throat as she toyed with 
me by slowly running her long fingernails along the length of my cock. I 
groaned, my pleasure grew maddeningly; denied relief by her squeeze. 

    Without releasing her grip, Carol again ordered me to raise each foot in 
turn. It took a few moments for me to regain enough composure to realize what 
she was doing. She pulled a pair of briefs up my nyloned legs. The were made 
of thin latex in the same bright red as her high heels. The most bizarre part 
was the crotch piece. It formed into a pouch and narrow tube that matched the 
shape of my swollen genitals. On the inside of the open tube, small straps 
fastened with snaps behind my balls and in several places along the length of 
my cock. The last of these was around the base of my cockhead, replacing the 
grip of her fingers. Once these were firmly in place, Carol pulled the closed 
end of the tube over the swollen head. Then she began to lace the top edges of 
the tube shut. Beginning at the outer end, she worked slowly; carefully 
smoothing the thin rubber and tugging the laces tight. The lacing continued 
to the base of my cock, then up to the top edge of the briefs. She pulled the 
waistband extra snug and finished it with a double knot. As a final measure, 
there were several attached straps of heavier latex. These she buckled tightly 
around the top of my ball sac, behind my balls against my abdomen, and around 
the base of the head of my cock. 

    Carol stepped back and, placing her hands at her narrow waist, surveyed 
her handiwork. I looked down in amazement at my trapped genitals. They were 
totally enclosed in the bright red rubber and stood pointing straight ahead 
from my crotch. Carol walked around me, rubbing her hands over the briefs. My 
ass cheeks were cupped and lifted by the stretchy material. Teasingly, she 
stroked and squeezed my encased cock and balls. The combination of the tight 
straps and lacing prevented any subsiding or expansion of my raging erection. 
I could feel her caress through the thin rubber and my passion grew. Yet I 
was held firmly just short orgasmic release. I moaned involuntarily as my 
arousal expanded in to a dull, pleasurable ache deep within me. In addition, 
the latex captured my body heat and perspiration; further adding to my 
discomfort. 

    "So far, so good," remarked Carol as she once again turned to the tote 
bag, "Now to work on the rest of you. This will give you nice curves," She 
held up a formidable-looking waist cincher. It was made of the same red 
latex, although in a much heavier grade, and was heavily boned. She looped the 
garment around me. As she did so she rose on her toes slightly and came down 
straddling my imprisoned penis. She grounded her hips in a circular motion, 
which elicited another moan of frustration. With a giggle at my helplessness, 
she stepped back, hooked the corset in place, and began lacing it. Beginning 
at the bottom and working up, she tugged and pulled until I was gasping for 
breath. Laughing at my discomfort, she gave me a playful slap on my stomach 
which as now reduced several inches. "Ah... the price we women pay for 
fashion," she chuckled. My midsection felt like in was in a vise. I tried, 
with no luck, to ease the restraint by wiggling. But the boning was 
unyielding and I was forced to take shallow breaths to relieve the pressure on 
my ribcage. 

    "Now for your titties," Carol said, moving behind me. While lacing the 
waist cinch she had carefully squeezed any available flesh upwards. Now she 
fastened a series of straps around my well developed pectorals. The thin 
straps formed the outline of a bra, but without the cups. As she pulled and 
adjusted the straps she leaned against and over me. I enjoy greatly the brief 
brushes of her soft thighs and warm crotch against my bound hands. 

    After some time she was finally satisfied with the results. Looking down, 
I was amazed. The corset and the harness had combined to form breasts. They 
were not large; somewhat less than a B cup at best. But they were well formed 
and quite realistic looking. She ran her hands over and over them, testing 
their bounce and arousing my tiny nipples. The constraint of the straps made 
them quite engorged and sensitive and I winced as she tweaked them with her 
long nails. 

    Carol again stepped back to examine me. She nodded and grinned in 
approval. For my part, I stood there silently blushing; savoring the 
delicious sensations of my attire and relishing my helplessness. Carol looked 
briefly around the suite. "Follow me," she said using my latex-encased penis 
as a leash. Given my condition, I had no choice but to follow as quickly as I 
could. 

    She led me over to the writing desk across the room. Pulling out the 
large swivel chair, which was on wheels, she commanded, "Sit." I complied as 
quickly as I could given the limitations the corset put on my movements. As 
Carol returned to her bag, I took the opportunity to rub my nyloned thighs 
together and enjoy the jiggle of my new "breasts" as I bounced up and down it 
the seat. I felt my confined cock throb within the bondage briefs. I was 
turned-on to a level I had never imagined and looked forward to an impending 
release of the lust pent up in my groin. Little did I know that the evening 
had barely begun. 

    Carol returned with several lengths of rope. "Time to make you a little 
more secure," she announced. Moving behind me, she pulled my bound wrists 
behind the chair back. She attached a rope to the strap and then wound it 
several times around my midsection and the chair back. She tied it tightly 
each time; forcing me to sit back flush to the chair. Dropping to one knee, 
she next tied another rope to one of my ankles. Drawing it back and looping 
it around the base of the chair beneath the seat, she drew her foot off the 
floor and up towards the back of the chair. She tied it in place and repeated 
the process with the other leg. She gave a final check; tightening a line 
here, retying a knot there. When she was done I was lashed firmly to the seat 
with my legs spread and pulled back beneath me. As if to test her work, she 
gave the chair a spin. 

    I rotated helplessly in a circle. Between the ropes and the bonds I could 
do little more than wiggle a few inches in place. The corset and ropes were 
slightly uncomfortable but I felt no pain other than the dull ache as the 
blood pulsed through my throbbing cock. It stood out obscenely from my groin, 
begging for release. Carol gave the chair a harder spin, this time sending me 
on several revolutions. The room continued to move after I finally came to a 
rest. The dizziness added to the lightheadedness already felt. 

    As if enjoying a new toy, Carol spun me again and again. The room flashed 
by in a blur. On each rotation I caught a brief glimpse of Carol, standing 
with her hands on her hips. Her hoarse laughter echoed; fading in and out as 
I turned. I closed my eyes as my head spun around. Only when I sensed that I 
had finally stopped did I reopen them.  The room seem to continue to move 
wildly. Finally I was able to blink it to a stop. 

    Carol towered over me.  Her full lips were spread in a sinister grin. She 
captured my eyes with hers. I stared upwards, enrapt in her beauty. "Welcome 
to the world of Revlon," she said, reaching towards me. Holding my chin in 
one hand, she proceeded to color my lips with a thick coating of lipstick.  
The taste was sweet to my tongue. Holding out a tissue she motioned with her 
own moist lips for me to blot. Smiling, she then held up the tissue for me to 
see. There, in the same shiny color as her own, was the red imprint of my 
lips. 

    This was too much. A surge of lust shot from deep within my loins that 
caused me to jerk against my bonds. Beads of sweat formed on my forehead and 
tears welled up in my eyes. I finally found my voice. Babbling excitedly I 
pleaded to be allow to come.  Carol's laugh became louder and more diabolical 
and reverberated through my skull. Patting me gently on the head, she cooed 
softly, "Oh no, not yet little girl.... We're going to have a party first."


Part III 

    Still grinning at my helplessness, Carol sat in the chair by the phone. 
She picked up the receiver and began to dial. "What are you doing," I 
shouted. "Silly girl, she laughed and continued dialing, "We can't have a 
party without guests." I was shocked and indignant. "What do you mean 
'guests'. You didn't say anything about this on the phone." I raised my voice 
some more, trying to camouflage my growing fear as anger. "This is enough," I 
yelled, tugging at the straps that held me to the chair. "I think it's time 
that you go." 

    Carol hung up the phone and stood slowly. Hands on hips, she sauntered 
very casually over to me. She looked down on me and shook her head slowly. 
Maybe you're right," she said folding her arms across her firm breasts, 
"Maybe I should leave right now. I'm sure if you keep up the racket someone 
will eventually come and find you." She turned and began putting on her 
skirt. 

    Wild panic surged through me. "NO... DON'T... " I twisted and pulled 
against my bonds. "Please... I beg of you," I pleaded more softly. Finally I 
fell silent. Carol drop the skirt and turned towards me. She had a look of 
triumph on her face that sent a chill down my spine. She had me, but good, 
and we both knew it. Returning to her seat, she picked up the phone and began 
dialing again. 

    I sat there drained, barely hearing her talking on the phone. My arousal 
turned to embarrassment. I pictured how I must look in these shiny tights; 
with my narrow corseted waist and my pseudo-breasts jiggling. And worst of 
all; with my still-throbbin cock jutting prominently out in front of me. My 
face felt warm and flushed. What had I gotten myself into? I was trapped and 
totally at her mercy; with no way to escape. A different kind of tears began 
to fill my eyes. Involuntarily, I began to whimper. 

    Hanging up the phone, Carol again towered over me. My head hung low; I 
was unable to face her. "Such a poor baby," she giggled as she gently patted 
me on the head. I reddened even more in shame. "Here's something to keep you 
content," she cooed, lifting my chin. I pulled back in amazement. There, 
inches from my eyes, was a rubber cock. It was flesh-colored and looked 
enormous. Attached to it was a thick leather strap. "Wrap you big red lips 
around this, you little cocksucker," Carol said. Her voice was now a cruel 
snarl. 

    "No," I screamed, jerking my head away in repulsion. I shook my head from 
side to side, my eyes glued on the thickly-veined cock head. I clamped my jaw 
tightly shut. With a evil smile Carol reached down and slowly fondled my 
right 'breast'. In spite of myself I felt a warm flood of arousal. Suddenly 
she pinched the engorged nipple between two of her long fingernails and 
twisted it sharply. My mouth flew open with a yelp of pain. In an instant the 
gag was against my lips. With a shove she jammed it deep into my mouth. 

    My eyes bugged out as the obscene object violated me. It filled my mouth 
completely, almost touching the back of my throat. The sudden impulse to gag 
caused my struggles to cease. I froze as Carol buckled it firmly behind my 
head. Once her hands released the strap I was again seized by panic. I shook 
my head and strained my tongue in a vain effort to expel it. I began to 
hyperventilate in a frenzied effort to breathe. As I gasped in air I 
discovered that a narrow hole through the center of the gag allowed air to 
enter fairly easily. Gradually my frenzy subsided and my breathing became 
more regular. 

    "That's it," Carol instructed, "Work on that big hard cock with your 
sweet little mouth. You'll need the practice." The last remark sent a shiver 
down my spine and into my own loins. I tried to cry out but my protest was 
muffled. All that came out wa low guttural sounds and loud sucking noises. I 
tried to tear myself from the unyielding ropes. Carol gave the chair another 
spin. As I swung around her laughter rang in my ears. 

    By the time I stopped revolving and my vision returned to normal, Carol 
has poured herself another drink. She stood in front of me sipping it, her 
purse tucked under her arm. Looking up, I surveyed her shapely form in her 
revealing outfit. Another flood of passion caused my cock to swell against its 
rubber prison. As our eyes met I noted her smug satisfaction at my heightened 
frustration. 

    "Well, our guests will be arriving soon. We'd better make you a little 
more presentable. Don't you think?," she said in mock inquiry. Taking my 
muffled objection as if it were agreement, she nodded, "Good."  She stepped 
forward, and straddling the chair, sat on my lap. She nestled in, reaching 
down to adjust my rubber clad groin into her crotch. My cock was pressed 
against her flat stomach. The touch of her hand, even through the rubber, was 
delightful. 

    "Let's see if we can improve these eyes," she said, blotting the traces 
of my tears with a tissue. Rummaging in her purse, she brought out an eyebrow 
pencil. Tilting up my chin, she started filling and shaping my brows with 
short, feathery strokes. Occasionally she would stop and use a tweezers to 
remove a few errant hairs. I winced at the loss of each one; both from pain 
and from the fear of future embarrassment. Unable to protest, I could only 
pray that she wasn't altering my appearance permanently. Finally, satisfied 
with her work, she went back into her purse. 

    Her firm breasts rested inches from my face. The tanned flesh jiggled in 
front of my eyes as Carol moved. I wished my mouth were free so that I could 
suck on those hard nipples that stretched the shiny black nylon spandex of 
her leotard. Instead I was forced to be content with the hard phallus in my 
mouth. Carol noticed my attention and gave her breasts a playful shake. I 
groaned in frustration. 

     "Looks like we'll have to help you with your posture so that you'll keep 
your head up," she scolded. She stood and retrieved something from the tote 
bag. Stepping behind me, she wrapped a heavy leather collar around my neck. 
It was about four inches wide and padded with foam on the inside. As she 
fastened the buckle my chin was forced up rigidly. She tightened it just 
short of the point where it might inhibit my breathing. Not only couldn't I 
lower my head; I couldn't turn it either. To look to the sides I would have to 
twist my entire torso. Which, of course, was impossible while bound as I was 
to the chair. 

    She returned to my lap and her work. With my head immobilized, she 
proceeded quickly. Brown eyeshadow was smoothed onto my lids and a hint of 
blush brushed onto my cheeks. She spent considerable time on my lashes, 
thickening them and exaggerating the length with mascara. Through it all I 
sat rigidly, opening and closing my eyes as ordered. I was acutely conscious 
of her breasts rubbing into mine and her firm thighs sliding on my nyloned 
legs. I could even feel the heat of her crotch through the rubber briefs. My 
balls seemed near bursting as they swelled in the locked pouch. My eyes 
studied her moist lips and the tip of her tongue as it peeked out of the 
corner of her mouth as she carefully applied eyeliner on me. I was reminded 
that my own mouth now matched the shiny red color of hers. The realization 
made me suck the rubber cock more earnestly; enjoying the sweet taste of my 
lipstick as I did. 

    Carol leaned back and studied my face carefully. "That looks a lot 
better," she announced. I could feel my long lashes fluttering as I blinked. 
After returning the make-up to her purse she stood. "Oh, I almost forgot the 
most important thing," she said, reopening the purse. Removing a small 
perfume atomizer, she sprayed me liberally behind my ears, along my neck, and 
down my "cleavage". She was about to close the bottle when, with a playful 
grin, she gave a final spritz between my legs. "Enjoy," she teased as she spun 
the chair again. 

    I whipped around rapidly, my eyes closing reflexively to minimize the 
dizziness. A sweet cloud swirled about me. The heavy, flowery scent magnified 
the fog I already was experiencing from all the pot. My mind drifted as I 
spun; wandering from embarrassment to erotic excitement. At times my 
consciousness seemed to focus on the sleek feel of the tights, the tight 
compression of the corset, or the new fleshiness of my chest. Then my body 
seemed to melt into a mass of sexual arousal centered on an intense pulsating 
somewhere deep within my groin. 

    I don't know when I stopped turning or how long my eyes remained shut. A 
loud knocking suddenly snapped me into crystal clear consciousness. 
"Company!" Carol announce cheerfully. As I watched her firm ass sway across 
the room I struggled desperately against the ropes and straps. I begged her to 
stop through my gag. Her hand touched the doorknob and a sinking sensation 
hit my stomach. I hunched my shoulders and averted my eyes; trying to somehow 
make myself smaller. 

    "Kathy," Carol exclaimed as she opened the door. I looked up; my 
curiosity overcoming my fear. All I could see was Carol's shapely back in the 
doorway as she clenched in what was obviously a passionate embrace. All that 
was visible of our visitor was her arms as they wrapped themselves around 
Carol. I noted the long pink sculptured nails as they fondled and squeezed 
that sweet ass that I craved so. I felt my arousal growing anew at the soft 
sound of their murmuring as they kissed. 

    Finally they broke apart and entered the suite. I enjoyed my first look 
at Kathy. She was slightly shorter than Carol and of medium build but full- 
figured. Her blonde hair was cut to medium length, framing her dramatically 
(but not overly) made-up face. Like Carol, she had striking eyes. At times 
they seemed emerald green; in other light they flashed a deepest blue. 

    What was most dramatic about her appearance was her attire. In contrast 
to Carol's almost innocent first impression, Kathy signaled danger and 
sensuality. Above was a silk-knit tank top that caressed, but barely 
contained, her large braless breasts. Below was a pair of the tightest leather 
jeans I had ever seen. The thin black hide shaped and molded her every curve; 
from her well rounded ass and hips to her shapely calves and thighs. It 
flexed and contracted like a layer of her own skin as she moved. And as she sat 
with Carol on the couch and I could hear the faint sounds of the stretching 
and rubbing leather. 

    It wasn't until she crossed her legs that I noticed her boots. I realized 
that I was wrong about her height. She was shorter than Carol by several 
inches. It was the boots that made the difference. The heels were among the 
highest I'd ever seen; at least five inches and pencil thin. The result was an 
extreme arch ending in similarly menacing pointed toes. I watched the light 
reflect off their shiny black surface as she swung her foot. I shudder with 
both excitement and terror. There was obviously no fooling with this woman. 

    The women sat and chatted among themselves; oblivious to me. At one point 
Carol went to the bar and poured drinks. She walked around me going both ways 
without as much as a look or word. It was as if I didn't exist or was merely 
a piece of furniture. I resented their indifference to me and attempted to 
gain their attention through the gag. They ignored my muffled pleas. 

    Finally, after they had finished their drinks and Carol had lit one of my 
joints, they stood and approached me. I found myself staring at Kathy's 
skyscraper heels as she neared. She must have noticed my attention because 
she lifted her right foot ont the front edge of my chair. The polished toe of 
her boot pushed forward into my rubber-encased balls. "So this is our 
entertainment," she remarked. I followed the taut leather trail up her leg 
and past her crotch. She stood there casually, elbow on her raised knee, 
smoking the joint. She looked down at me with a look of bemused pity. "Kinda 
cute," she remarked patting me on the head. Then tracing a figure-eight over 
my chest with a fingernail she added, "But pretty flat-chested." 

    Taking a deep drag on the joint, Kathy straddled my lap. Wrapping her 
arms around my neck, she gave me a mock kiss. She blew the smoke through the 
hole in the penis gag and deep into my lungs. Unable to pull away, the acrid 
smoke seared my throat and lungs. I fought desperately the urge to cough. I 
tried to concentrate on slowly exhaling trough my nose. I succeeded for the 
most part with only minimal choking. The women took turns, one on my lap 
giving me smoke 'kisses'; the other teasing my bound body with her hands. 
Carol enjoyed rubbing my nyloned legs. Kathy would vigorously pump my cock. 
The rubber harness prevented an orgasm. and my midsection began cramping with 
intense pleasure/pain. All the while the pot was getting me higher and 
higher. My every nerve ending felt intensified to their touch. I became 
almost delirious with arousal; a total prisoner unable to even mentally 
resist. 

    "There seems to be something missing," Carol observed dreamily, as she 
finished the last of the joint. "Maybe she could use some earrings.  She dug 
into her purse and dangled two red plastic teardrops. "I have a better idea," 
Kathy announced. Returning to my lap, she rubbed her ample breasts into mine. 
The delicious softness caused my nipples to stiffen. Then taking one of the 
earrings she snapped the clasp onto my enlarged nipple. I jerked and screamed 
into the gag. Pain seared into my chest. Quickly she attached the other one 
the same way. I wailed, bucking so strongly against the ropes that the whole 
chair jumped. Kathy leapt to her feet, laughing gleefully at my discomfort. 
As I twisted from side to side the earrings bounced and danced across my 
chest, magnifying my agony. Tears streaming from my eyes, I yelled and 
twitched uncontrollably. After several minutes (an eternity to me) Kathy 
stopped laughing and grew angry. "Enough already, or you'll really be 
punished." The pain and my own anger were s great that I was unable to force 
myself to sit still. I was determined to protest as much as my unfortunate 
circumstances would allow. 

    "Okay, if that's your choice," Kathy barked, "you were warned. You'll 
have to sit out the party." She nodded to Carol, who now stood behind me. 
Suddenly, a thick scarf was pulled across my eyes and knotted behind my head. 
I was plunged into absolute darkness. My growing panic now turned to shear 
terror. I yelled into the gag with renewed vigor. I tore at my bonds, 
oblivious to the pain I was causing in the process. The chair was spun again. 
This time was much faster than before as both women flung me around at 
increasing speed. The wheels began to rock off the floor and I feared that it 
would tip over. Bound as I was there would be no way for me to break my fall. 
I was trapped in a wild, swirling blackness. 

    I don't know when the physical spinning stopped but the sensations in my 
mind continued a lot longer. Eventually I became aware of a different 
movement. The chair was being dragged backward across the carpeting. Then it 
stopped and I heard the unmistakable sound of the sliding glass door to the 
balcony sliding open. My muffled screams of protest now turned to pleas for 
mercy. Despite the tight collar, I tried in vain to shake my head 'NO'. I 
apologized; I begged; I prayed. Of course all this came out  garbled moaning. 
Carol and Kathy didn't understand and obviously didn't care. There was a 
final jerk and a heavy jolt as I cleared the threshold and rolled onto the 
balcony. My next sensations were of the slamming of the door behind me and 
the cool nigh air. Both left me shivering uncontrollably.

Part IV 

    I was paralyzed with fear. Despite the cool breeze on my scantily-clad 
body I was sweating heavily. My mind raced. Because of the blindfold I didn't 
even know how much daylight remained.  Could people on the street below see 
me?  What about on the other balconies? Would someone call the hotel desk (or 
worse yet, the police) to report seeing a bound and gagged man in women's 
clothes? 

    Bound and blinded, my other senses were magnified. My hearing seemed 
particularly acute. From inside the suite, I heard the muffled sounds of 
music and voices. From below came the noise of cars passing on the streets. 
Somewhere there was faint laughter. Was it directed at me?  I again pulled at 
my bounds, hoping against hope that the movement of the chair had somehow 
loosened them. But they held as firm as before, allowing only an inch or two 
of movement. But my efforts caused the chair to roll across he smooth 
concrete of the balcony. "Where on the balcony was I?" I wondered. Out of 
fear and to minimize the chances of being spotted, I sat still. 

    After a few minutes the suffering caused by the earrings abated somewhat. 
Yet I was acutely aware of the two throbbing points on my chest and I sucked 
vigorously on the rubber cock, trying to catch my breath. Almost against my 
will, my thoughts again turned to arousal as I did so. Maybe it was the pot or 
something deep within my psyche, but I began revelling in my degradation. I 
began wriggling anew, this time to enjoy the slick feel of the nylon on my 
legs. I imagined how I must appear with my narrow waist and little titties. I 
shook my chest and thrilled at their jiggling. Even the pain of the earrings 
now had an erotic edge to it. My bonds felt less frightening; my utter 
helplessness caused a warm glow within me. My cock, in its rubber prison, 
throbbed with a new intensity. With enthusiasm, I sucked the rubber cock in 
time with the pulsations in my groin. I drifted timelessly through the 
wildest of sexual fantasies; all of which ended in the ultimate satisfaction 
that the rubber pants denied me. 

    I have no idea how long I was lost in my thoughts. My condition had 
robbed me of all perception of the passage of time. I flinched at the sudden 
sound of the balcony door sliding open. I bolted upright and pleaded 
desperately into the gag. In my fever pitched state of passion I was begging 
more for sexual release than from my bondage. The chair was again dragged 
backwards, bumping me rudely over the threshold. The door slid shut again. 

    In contrast, the room air felt almost uncomfortably warm. A dreadful fear 
of the unknown again seeped into my soul. I had to force myself to breathe. 
When I did so I was almost overwhelmed with a heady mixture of smells. There 
was pot smoke and sweat and perfume. But unmistakable under it all was the 
powerful aroma of sexual arousal. It triggered something deep inside my 
primal brain and I moaned desperately for relief. 

    I sensed the movement of many people around me. I attempted to turn my 
head to follow the sounds. Unseen hands began to untie the ropes that bound 
me to the chair. When my feet were released, they fell to the floor. Bent 
under the chair for so long, they had become numb. I felt something being 
attached to the collar that held my neck rigid. Suddenly, I was jerked from 
the chair by the leash at my neck. I attempted to stand but my lifeless legs 
buckled beneath me. With my hands still bound behind me, I itched forward 
with no way to break my fall. At the last instant, hands on my shoulders 
brought me upright. I was pushed into an kneeling position. 

    I knelt there in total darkness, my erect posture enforced by the boned 
corset and stiff collar. I felt fingers working at the lacing of my rubber 
briefs. I was thrilled in anticipation of finally achieving sexual release. 
Slowly the tight red shorts were peeled from my sweaty loins. So feverish was 
my arousal that I thought merely the air hitting my cock would cause me to 
explode. But, as Carol had done before, fingers grasped my organ just below 
the cock head; quelling my orgasm. 

    I was frozen there, hanging on the brink of eruption. I pulled 
frantically at the strap holding my wrists. I pleaded anew into my gag. Tears 
began to soak my blindfold. I felt completely lost; any shreds of self- will 
gone after hours of helpless frustration. Now utterly defeated; I slumped 
against my restraining garments and bonds. 

    Almost as if in a dream, the strap holding the penis gag in place was 
released. The rubber phallus was pulled from my mouth with a loud popping 
noise. I started to move and stretch my aching jaw muscles. Before I could 
find my voice to speak, my head was jerked forward by the leash. For an 
instant I felt an object pressed against my lips. Then it shoved forward; 
filling my mouth. 

    The thick shape was familiar. It was round and long and rubbery. But this 
time warm and resilient. My mind exploded in shock. It was a REAL COCK!!  In 
reflex, I tried to pull away. But firm hands on the back of my head pulled me 
forward. The cock slid forward and back into my face. At the same time I felt 
the earrings on my breasts being removed. They were replaced my warm hands 
massaging the hypersensitized nipples. At my groin, more unseen fingers 
fondled my swollen balls. Waves of passion crashed through me. I began to 
tongue and suck the cock for all I was worth. I pictured myself: my budding 
tits quivering under their caress; my feminine waist neatly defined; my body 
constrained and tied. I was a helpless slut, shamelessly servicing my unseen 
master. And I loved it! 

    I worked my lips in an abandoned frenzy. The cock seemed to grow still 
larger in my mouth. Its heat almost searing my tongue. Someone below my own 
cock was now being pumped. But the sensation was now deep inside me. An 
incredible pressure built within my loins. My head was forced forward. I 
eagerly took in more of the cock. I wanted it all now. I felt a heavy ball 
sack slapping at my chin. I slavered and sucked with all my remaining 
strength as I felt a hot stream gush down my throat. 

    At that instant, the grip on my cock head was released. A flash of light 
filled my blinded eyes. I wanted to scream as ecstacy tore through me. My 
groin exploded violently. My total existence blasted through my cock. The 
limp cock slid from my lips. All the energy from my muscles seemed to drain 
from my cock in an unending torrent. I slumped to the floor. 

    Later, I was barely aware of being lifted. Gently, I was placed on the 
bed. I lay there lifeless. My hands were freed and I was stripped of my 
clothing. I felt a soft kiss on my forehead; then, in the distance, the sound 
of a closing door. When my heart stopped pounding and my breathing became more 
regular, I reached up and removed my blindfold. My eyes snapped shut in 
response to the sudden brightness. I wiped my mouth with the back of my hand. 
When my vision returned I stared for the longest time at he whiteness smeared 
on my fingers.... 

--
