Archive-name: Bondage/capture3.txt
Archive-author: Ca.H.
Archive-title: Captured - Part 3


The Party

	You are left for nearly thirty minutes to recoup
from your ordeal.  Finally two male voices announce they are
going to have you at the same time.  One from the rear and
one from the front.  You are pulled up from the floor and
hooked to the ceiling chain again and pulled upright so your
feet just touch the floor.  A spreader bar is placed between
your ankles.  You feel the warmth of a body press to your
front, slowly the fingers tease tenderly, lovingly at your
nipples, then pinch them lightly.  Another body presses to
your back.  You feel his hand guide his firm cock into your
pussy from behind you and it easily slides into you.  He
pulls in an out three times then pulls out completely.  The
person in front of you reaches behind you and pulls your
burning ass cheeks open and you feel the man's cock enter
you from behind.  He holds it there and waits to move until
the man in front of you pushes forward into you pussy.  You
feel stuffed with both cocks pressed into you.  They thrust
in and out of you in perfect timing now.  Neither cares if
you are satisfied, that is obvious, for they merely use your
body to bring themselves satisfaction.  Their pounding
increases in speed and hardness, you feel the one in your
ass explode inside you and shortly the one in your pussy
fills your inner walls.  The hot cream flowing into both
your sex holes.  They pump into your several more times then
finally withdraw.  You have not reached orgasm, though you
are close, but they walk away from you not caring.
	You are left hanging there in your agony to be
satisfied.  The next person to come to you is another woman. 
She announces to the crowd she wants to give you an enema,
then make you hold it inside yourself while she brings you
off and then you bring her off.  They don't even bother to
move you from the room, they instead bring the necessary
items into the room.  You are released from your hanging
position and placed over the seat of a chair.  Slowly she
teases you with the end of the enema nozzle then thrusts it
into your ass.  This is different from the nozzle you are
used to, this one is long and thick and spread your puckered
hole open wide.  Slowly the water enters your bowel, more
and more water flows into you.  You feel the pressure
building in your stomach and forcing it outward with bloat. 
Now it becomes painful, as she releases more water into you. 
At long last, you hear one of the original captors say, I
don't think she is accustomed to that much, I would stop if
I were you.  She does.  You are very uncomfortable now, your
attentions are drawn from your pussy to your discomfort
caused by the water pressure inside you.  Slowly the water
flow stops, you feel the nozzle being pulled from you and
replaced with a thick, short butt plug.
	She rolls you over on your back now and buries her head
between your legs and begins to work on you.  You can't
concentrate on your pussy, you are in so much discomfort,
almost pain.  Her hands reach to your nipples and slowly rub
them then pinch them hard and pull on the breasts, while her
tongue works your clit fast and feverishly.  Finally you
hear her say, "If you don't cum slut the water stays in and
I flog your ass for the next fifteen minutes without stop. 
Make up your mind cunt."  Then she buries her head back
between your legs and works on your clit again. Soon you
find yourself reaching the peak inspite of your pain from
the water held within you.  Her tongue continues to lick
your clit while her fingers move inside you.  First two
fingers then three then four and you realize her entire fist
is inside you working your over used hole.  You scream with
the orgasm that rushes through you as your hips buck up and
down in response to her fist thrusting in and out of you.  
	She then moves to your face and straddles you.  You
need not be told what to do and your tongue reaches out to
her hot, dripping pussy and begin to work in a frenzy to
bring her to orgasm so you can be relieved of the water
forced to be held within you.  Finally you feel her jerk
then rock back and forth on you and your tongue probes her
flowing hole faster and faster to push her further over the
edge.  She falls off you and someone quickly picks you up
and carries you down the hall to the bathroom.  The plug is
released from you and finally the water flushes from you. 
You are then taken back down the hall to the same room.
	The rest of the night is spent using you in any fashion
the group desires.  You are laid out on a table with your
legs pulled up and spread wide so you are in the position
you would be if laying on an examination table at the
doctors.  Each person takes turns pushing and shoving either
their cock or tongue or fingers into your opened holes. 
Nipple clips are attached to your nipples and while they are
on someone slaps at your nipples and breasts with a leather
strap.  Your mouth is forced open to take a cock and suck
the owner until he creams in your mouth and you are ordered
to swallow every drop.  You do so, as best you can.  When
some of it escapes your lips someone else quickly pulls you
to a position so they can slap at your ass again and again. 
They tease you for nearly three hours, bringing you close to
orgasm then leaving you hanging on the edge.  Again and
again they bring you to that level then stop.  Finally
someone pushes a 12 inch dildo into your dripping pussy that
is at least three or maybe four inches in diameter.  It
feels like it will split you open but doesn't and instead
brings you to wave after wave of orgasms.  You finally
collapse and pass out from the over use.
	When you wake you are laying on a bed.  A sheet is
covering your body.  Your hands are loosely tied to the head
board so you can roll over easily.  Your feet are the same. 
You roll over and fall back to sleep quickly.
	When you awaken, it is because someone is touching your
pussy.  They must have been working it for some time because
you can feel your juices dripping and flowing easily from
it.  You moan as they probe inside you.  They stop and you
feel your hands been released as well as your legs.  Some
hooks your hands together in front of you then pulls you to
your feet.  You are led down the hall to the bathroom again
and permitted to relieve yourself.  An enema follows, but
instead of a shower the bathtub is filled and you are placed
in it.  The warm water surrounds your aching body, soothing
you.  Hands begin to rub a washcloth over your back then
your front and slowly over your entire body.  The touch is
gentle, yet firm.  A pitcher of water is poured over your
head and your hair is washed.  You hear water running again
and then another pitcher is poured over your head, then
another after the first.  Slowly you are pulled up by your
captor and lifted from the tub.  A towel is wrapped around
you and the person begins to soothingly dry your skin. 
Another towel is placed over your wet hair and secured
there.  When you are completely dry, you feel something
being rubbed on your skin.  It is cold at first, but then
warms as the hands rubs your body thoroughly.  You can smell
the liquid now and recognize it as a perfumed body oil. 
Slowly it is rubbed over your body, until every inch is
covered.  You are then pulled to the sink and a tooth brush
is placed to your mouth, you open and your captor brushes
your teeth tenderly and gently.  You are then forced to sit
on the closed toilet and your captor begins to rub your hair
with the towel.  A comb is pulled through your semi-long
hair again and again.  You are then taken to the kitchen.
	Once there you are seated in a chair, that you can only
describe as a high chair.  Your hands are secured to the
arms of the chair and your feet are placed on a circular bar
foot rest then secured to the outside legs of the chair.  A
strap is placed under your breasts and your back is pressed
firmly to the back of the chair when the strap is connected
behind you.  
	You can smell bacon and coffee and you realize how
hungry you really are.  Suddenly a cup is placed to your
lips and you part your closed mouth eagerly to take in the
coffee you can smell.  It is hot, but not that hot and you
drink willingly.  Slowly you are fed bacon and eggs with
toast, sipping coffee and orange juice in between the food. 
Finally your hunger is satisfied yet your captor presses
another bite to your mouth and you take it without
objection.  You are left alone now while your captors sit at
the table near you and eat their breakfast.  Nothing is said
the entire time.
	The house is very quiet now.  You assume your captors
are the only ones there now and the other guests have left. 
They did leave late during the night or very early in the
morning, all except one that is.  The one who stayed was the
bitch with the long finger nails.  As you sit in silence you
hear her come into the kitchen then feel her finger nails
touching your nipples.  Quickly they become firm and
extended and she pinches each gently then sucks on first one
then another.
	"Want some breakfast?" one your captors finally says. 
And the long finger nailed woman draws away from you after
biting at each nipple lightly.  She says yes then you hear a
chair being pulled over the floor and then silence fills the
room again.
	"What have you in mind for her today?", you hear the
woman ask.
	"Almost anything, maybe something different today.  But
we have to take her back late tonight, so enjoy whatever
time we have left using her." One of your captor's says.
	"Good, I would like to use her, treat her like a child
and I'm her mommy," said the woman.
	"That's fine," said one of your captors, "you want her
to play a little school girl or something?"
	"Sure," the woman said, "I'd like to have her be a
little school girl who comes home with a bad report card or
having gotten into trouble in school and deserves a sound
spanking.  Then gets another when daddy comes home."
	"Sounds good to me," says one of the captors.  "Let's
put her in a little ruffled dress without panties and bra
and get her into the proper frame of mind for her role."
	You listen closely as this discussion goes on and much
to your surprise your pussy is responding to the words you
hear.  It has already begun to drip with your juices.
	You are taken from your chair and moved back to the
bedroom.  The woman dresses you in a short ruffled dress. 
The hem of which barely covers your bare ass.  You feel her,
after forcing you to sit on the edge of the bed, put socks
on your feet, they come up to your ankles, then shoes that
strap over the tops of your feet.  She tells you to go down
the hall to the front door, guiding you in that direction,
and open then close the door as if you just came home from
school.  She pushes a piece of paper into your hand and
instructs you to bring it home to mommy.
	You are left at the front door now, your first
opportunity of the weekend to escape, but for some reason
you don't even think about escaping.  Instead you open then
close the door and yell out as you were instructed.  "Mommy
I'm home."
	"Good, did you have a nice day?," you hear the woman's
voice speak as she walks towards you.
	"Yes mommy, I had a nice day." you answer sheepishly.
	"What is this," she says taking the paper from your
hand. "Your report card huh little girl?"
	You bend your head before her, inspite of the fact you
are still blindfolded and can't see her then say, "Yes
mommy."
	You hear her open the paper as if reading your report
card then finally she says, "This won't do at all little
girl.  These grades are very bad.  Plus your teachers say
you don't pay attention and are rude in school.  I told you
the last time you got your report card that if it wasn't
better you would be punished by me and daddy, didn't I?"
	"Yes mommy," you respond with great difficultly.  You
are so excited now you can feel your pussy dripping your
juices down between your legs.
	"Well little girl you are going to be soundly spanked
and when daddy comes home he will spank you also.  Come
along with me."  She reaches out and grabs your hand firmly
and pulls you behind her as she walks into another room.
	She leads you into another room and tells you to stand
there until she says otherwise.  You stand with your hands
at your sides, feet spread apart slightly.  She moves around
you lecturing you, sounding just like a mother then finally
says, "I think the ping pong paddle will do nicely to warm
up your bare bottom and teach you to behave better."  You
feel your stomach muscles twitch and the excitement flows
easily through your pussy now.  You are so turned on and
excited you can hardly wait.  You hope she will take you
across her knees and play with your clit a little before and
during the spanking.  Instead she pulls you to a table and
presses you over it with your bare ass sticking up into the
air.  She folds the ruffled dress up so it lays on your back
and the coolness of the room brushes against your bottom. 
You can almost not contain yourself now.  Her hand presses
to the small of your back and with a forcefulness the paddle
strikes your bared bottom firmly.  "You will count child,"
she says and you somehow contain yourself to say one.  Again
the paddle slaps at your tender bottom and again you say,
"Twwwwooooo", as the pain rushes through you and finds your
wanting pussy.  Again and again the paddle strikes your
bottom until you have counted twenty five.  She finally
stops.  The tears run down your cheeks from underneath your
blindfold.  Each paddle struck your bottom in almost the
same spot, right at the sit spot.
	"Stand up child," the woman says sternly.  You do so
and she quickly removes your dress and then leads you to the
corner of the room.  "You will stand in this corner with
your reddened bottom on display until your daddy comes home
and warms it up again."  She presses you to the corner and
then leaves you. 
	As she walks away she tells you that if you touch
yourself she will thrash you soundly with a strap.  You so
want to touch your pussy and bring yourself to orgasm.  You
are wanting and the craving inside is almost overpowering. 
You somehow manage to restrain yourself and stand there
shifting your feet back and forth.  It seems like forever.
	Finally the front door opens and you hear someone come
through the door.  "Hi hon, I'm home, I brought Uncle Joe
with me."  Your captor says.
	"Hi hon, hi Joe.  Hon we have a problem.  Seems our
little girl has been very naughty in school.  Here is her
report card." the woman says.
	"Have you punished her for this?", your captor says
after a long silence.
	"Yes hon, I spanked her, but I think she deserves much
more than just that.  I told her she would be spanked by you
also when you got home.  Since you brought Joe with you,
perhaps he should spank her also."
	You are listening carefully to this conversation.  You
are so excited you can hardly contain yourself.  You can
feel your hips thrust forward then back.  You never dreamed,
before this weekend, that a spanking could turn you on so
much and yet you are so excited your entire body is
electrified.
	"Well that sounds good to me.  Where is this naughty
little girl?"
	"She is standing in the corner in the living room,
waiting for her daddy's hand."
	"Come on Uncle Joe, let's take care of this
disobedient, naughty girl."
	You hear them walk up behind you.  A firm hand reaches
out and touches your burning ass cheeks, then squeezes them
determinedly.
	"So, little girl," you hear your captor say, "you've
not been a very good little girl have you?"
	"No daddy," squeaks from your mouth.  You feel timid
now and in the total control of your captors.  You shift
your weight slightly in anticipation of what is to come.
	"Stand still," you hear your other captor say, then
slap at your bottom with his opened hand.
	"Well daddy is going to blister your bottom, then Uncle
Joe will do the same.  Come here now, and lay over my knee."
	You are pulled from the corner, led across the room
then slowly pulled over your captor's knees.  He slides his
fingers over your sore bottom then orders you to spread your
legs open.  You do quickly, wanting to feel him inside you. 
His fingers move through your slit and linger on your opened
pussy, then slowly moves to your clit and rubs it, bringing
you ever so close to orgasm.  When you squirm on his lap he
stops rubbing your clit then lets you lay there for a
moment.
	"Tell daddy now little girl, have you been naughty and
rude?"
	"Yes daddy," you respond.
	He slaps your bare buttocks with his hand, "Say it then
you naughty little girl."
	You have trouble getting the words out of your mouth,
but finally you hear yourself say, "I've been very naughty
and rude daddy, and deserve to be disciplined."
	"Good, then we all agree on this point little girl."
	He positions you a little differently on his lap now. 
Your pussy pressing into his knee.  He wiggles his knee
around a bit to grind it into your wanting pussy.
	"I think the short leather strap will do the job nicely
here.  Would you give me that leather strap mommy?" You hear
your captor say.  The anticipation now is beyond you.  Your
heart is pounding hard and fast and you can feel your
stomach muscles twitching and contracting with the
excitement flowing through you.  You decide to add to this
little play and suddenly blurt out, "Please daddy no, please
daddy I won't do it again."
	"No," your captor says harshly, "you said that the last
time and you didn't obey.  You deserve a spanking and you
will be getting it."
	You can feel his manhood pressing into your stomach
now.  This is exciting him as much as you.  Suddenly you
feel the thrash of the strap hit your still hot ass.  Again
and again it whacks at your tender bottom.  Before you
comprehend the full force of his blows your body jerks and
shakes with a mind blowing orgasm.  He does not stop while
you go through this but instead strikes at your tender
bottom harder and harder.  Again you are brought to the
highest point when the spanking stops and your captor
presses his fingers deep into your soaking pussy.  You shake
again with orgasm.  He holds you firmly on his knees waiting
for you to calm down.  When you do, he helps you up to stand
before him.
	"Now your Uncle will spank you also.  Are you ready
little girl?"
	"Yes daddy," you say with some restraint, because your
bottom burns from the punishment you have received so far. 
"I'm ready for Uncle Joe to spank me."
	"Good, then Joe, how would you like her?"
	"I want her on the floor, with her legs spread wide and
her head down on the floor and her bottom up in the air."
	"You heard him little girl, now get down there."
	Slowly you feel your way to the floor and take the pose
he described.  His fingers slide in and out of your wet,
dripping pussy now, as he moves behind you.  He dips his
fingers deep into you then pulls them out and presses them
into your wrinkled puckered hole.  Your ass wiggles around
in the air as he thrusts in and out of you.  You feel
someone at your side, their fingers reach for your hanging
breasts and begin to play with your nipples.  Slowly the
fingers tease the nipples to become hard and firm.  As the
first opened hand smack comes down on your ass the fingers
on your nipples pinches hard then pulls the nipples out from
your breast.  Again and again this action takes place until
you collapse on the floor, your body jerking and quivering
with orgasm.  You don't want it to stop, but you are so
tired you can hardly bring yourself back to your kneeling
position.  Somehow you do and the spanking continues, as
does the pinching of your nipples.  Finally you are placed
on your side.  You feel a hard cock enter your ass then
another one enter your pussy.  Both pumping in and out of
you quickly.  You feel the heat from a pussy being pressed
to your face and your tongue slides from your mouth and
presses deep into the wet pussy.  You lick and nibble at the
clit then thrust your tongue deep into your female captor's
hot love tunnel.  You are filled in all orifices now and
have never felt so fulfilled either.  
	The hard penis in your ass suddenly thrusts forward,
pushing the one in your pussy deeper inside you, then you
feel the cream of his penis flood your bottom.  Within a few
moments the one in your pussy shots its cream deep within
you.  Your tongue continues to work on the pussy pressed to
your mouth until you feel the juices flow from it and the
woman's body shake, then jerk then her juices flood your
mouth.  You all lay there in a heap for several minutes.  No
one says anything, nor do they move. 
	You are used over and over throughout the day. 
Periodically someone spanks you or pinches your nipples
making you cry out.  The woman takes a birch stick and ties
you down and gives you a sound pussy whipping.  You have had
so many orgasm since Friday night and your initial capture
you can't imagine how many.  Finally you are given a bathe
by the woman and a hot oil massage is given to your tired,
sore body.  Someone dresses you in the clothes they took off
you in the van and you are taken from the house and driven
back to your home.  You are escorted into the foyer and
someone tells you not to remove your blindfold for at least
one minute and then shoves a note into your hand.
	You wait a full minute, perhaps even longer then slowly
remove the blindfold you have worn for nearly three days. 
You give yourself a chance to adjust to the light your
captors have left on in the other room off the foyer.  When
you begin to focus again you slowly walk to the living room
and sit down on the sofa.  Your ass cheeks touch the couch
and the pain whirls through your body from the spankings and
harsh treatment they have received over the last few days. 
You notice, though, your pussy responds immediately to the
pressure on your tender ass cheeks.  You look down an find
the note that was pressed into your hand and open it.  It is
a simple typed note that says, 'We'll be back again to get
you next month sometime, be ready.'  Your hand moves to your
panty clad pussy and slowly begin to rub your clit through
the panties.  You lean back, squeezing your ass cheeks
tightly together causing another flush of pain to rush
through you and wonder what will happen next month when they
come for you.  You bring yourself to orgasm as you reflect
on all the sensations your body has felt in the last three
days.  You'll be ready, you say to yourself, ready and
waiting for them next month, ready to be taken to the
heights of ecstasy.
end

--
