Archive-name: 3plus/captx2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Captain X (2)


                       Chapter 2 : Los Angeles

 [ The characters in this work are fictitious, and any resemblance
   to actual persons either living or dead is purely coincidental.
   This story contains language and scenes of an adult nature that
   might offend certain people.  If that's you then don't read it. ]

Michele removed her hand from the front of her panties with a start as
she realized that the cockpit door had been opened.  It was all right,
it was only Rick returning from a trip to the head.  The skipper was
still taking a nap.  Rick stretched, feeling the muscles of his spine
crackle deliciously as he arched his back.  He let out a groan as the
tension was released, then slid into his seat behind Michele.  Michele
smiled inwardly at the groan.  She had heard the same groans coming
from Rick the night before as he had emptied his load deep into her
snatch.  She could still feel a slight stickiness in her crotch where
traces of his semen were leaking out of her cunt.  "Hope I can make it
to the hotel before it starts to show", she thought.  Her thoughts
were interrupted by Los Angeles Center.

"Merkin two-twenty-six-heavy, descend and maintain flight level
three-zero-zero, contact the Center now on one-three-four-point-six-
five, good day".

Michele reluctantly focussed her attention back to the present.  It
was Captain X's leg into LAX, so Michele was working the radios and
doing all the other pilot-not-flying duties.

"Descend maintain three-zero-zero, one-three-four-point-six-five, so
long, Merkin two-twenty-six-heavy".

Michele spoke with the practiced ease of the airline professional,
well aware that her musical voice sent thrills up and down the spines
of male air traffic controllers and pilots on the same frequency.
Flying the big jets had always turned her on, and she was feeling the
beginnings of a dampness in her crotch as she deftly dialed in the new
frequency and adjusted the altitude alerter to flight level 300.

"Los Angeles Center, Merkin two-twenty-six-heavy, out of three-five-
zero for flight level three-zero-zero, good evening".

"Merkin two-twenty-six-heavy, Los Angeles Center, good evening".

Michele quickly completed her flow checks and pulled out the landing
preliminary checklist.  She then glanced expectantly at Captain X.
Receiving a nod in reply, she began to call it off.

Rick responded promptly to each of the Flight Engineer challenges on
the checklist, but his attention was mostly on what he planned to do
to Michele when they reached the hotel.  The memory of last night was
still vivid.  Michele shaking with pleasure as he pumped into her for
all he was worth, her legs up over his shoulders giving him the best
possible angle for deep penetration of her hot wet slit.  He shifted
in his seat to relieve the pressure of his pants on his woody, which
had been standing at attention for most of the flight out of Boston.

"Merkin two-twenty-six-heavy, cross Civet at one-six-thousand, cleared
Civet-three profile descent, Los Angeles altimeter two-niner-niner-
two".

Listening to Michele acknowledge the clearance, Rick stuck his right
hand deep into his pocket and began to massage his member.  He wasn't
sure he could wait to get to the hotel.  A faint smell almost below
the conscious threshold was slowly driving him crazy with lust, and he
realized with a start that it was the same smell that he had wallowed
in last night as he tongued Michele to orgasm after screaming orgasm.

"Descent power" called Captain X, pulling the power levers back
slightly.  Michele responded by pulling the power levers smoothly back
to flight idle, and the whine of the three engines faded as the EPR,
N-1 and EGT gauges wound down in unison.  "Descent power set".  The
engine noise was replaced by the sound of the airflow over the hull as
the DC-10 began its descent into the Los Angeles area.  The three
General Electric turbofans were still producing enough power to
pressurize the airplane and power the hydraulic, electrical and anti-
ice systems, but other than that the huge airplane was now essentially
a three hundred and fifty thousand pound glider.

"It won't be long now" thought Michele as she busied herself with the
LAX approach charts and prepared to brief Captain X on the approach.
"I can't wait to get to the hotel and feel Rick inside me".  Spreading
the Low Altitude En-Route chart on her lap, she carefully slid her
hand below it, under the waistband of her uniform and into her damp
panties.  "I hope the skipper can't tell what I'm doing" she worried
nervously as she wiggled her hand down to where she could insert the
tip of her index finger into her slippery wet vagina.  Sliding her
hand up a little, she was able to massage her swollen clitoris.  Wave
upon wave of pleasure coursed through her as she fingered herself.

Rick was aware that Michele was tensing up in the seat just to his
left.  By leaning slightly over, he was able to see that her left hand
was reaching under a chart that she had opened up all the way on her
lap.  "No way", he thought, "she wouldn't have the nerve to do that
here!".  But there was no mistaking the slight spasmodic jerks of her
shoulders and the deep breaths she was taking.  The unmistakable scent
of a woman was reaching his nostrils, exciting him still further.
With an effort, Rick pulled his hand out of his pocket and turned his
attention back to his flight engineer panel.

Michele was close to coming now.  Her wet fingers rubbed up and down
between her labia, keeping her clitoris well lubricated as she rubbed
herself towards orgasm.  She quickly scanned the instrument panel and
noted that they were just passing through 18,000 feet.  Captain X was
reaching out to reset the altimeter and Michele hurriedly did the same
to hers.  "Transition altitude.  Altimeters set left and right and
cross-checked".  Michele hoped that the sexual tension wasn't
detectable in her voice as she made the required callout.  Her panties
were drenched in vaginal lubricant and her groin was aching for the
release of orgasm.  "It's too late now", she thought, "I'm going to
have to wait".  As she pulled her left hand reluctantly out of her
panties, Michele's watch caught on the waistband and pulled her
panties tightly up into her crack.  Captain X was reaching for the
power levers as the DC-10 approached 16,000 feet.  A slight back
pressure on the yoke raised the nose and the jet leveled off at the
assigned crossing altitude.  Captain X moved the power levers forward
slightly, and called for cruise power.  Michele obliged, carefully
balancing the EPR gauges to equal power settings.  The jet droned on
toward Civet intersection at a steady three hundred and twenty knots,
unaware of the vaginal lubricant now coating the power lever handles.

Michele quickly contacted the company via ARINC and got their gate
assignment, then briefed Captain X on the Los Angeles ILS 25-R
approach.  Captain X reached for the P.A. handset and motioned to the
controls.  "You have control".  "I have control", acknowledged Michele
as required by the company operating specifications.  Captain X made a
brief passenger announcement.

"Ladies and gentlemen, this is Captain X speaking.  We will be landing
in Los Angeles in approximately fifteen minutes.  The temperature
there is a pleasant 85 degrees.  Due to the Santa Ana winds, some of
the traffic ahead of us has been experiencing a few little bumps, so
please be sure to keep your seat belts securely fastened.  Thanks for
flying Merkin Airlines".

"I have control".  "You have control".  Michele turned over control of
the DC-10 to Captain X.  "Crossing Civet, down to 12,000, 12 miles,
next fix Bremr" she called out as the numbers on the DME clicked down
to show 52 miles from the airport.  "Descent power". "Set".  Michele
noticed out of the corner of her eye that Captain X was smelling her
fingertips and rubbing them together.  With horror she realized that
the fingers of her left hand had been covered with her vaginal juices
when she had touched the power levers.

Descending through fifteen thousand feet, the DC-10 encountered the
first of the mountain wave turbulence caused by the strong Santa Ana
winds.  Michele felt the jet buck and surge beneath her, and was
pleasantly aware of how the movement was transmitted through her
tightly fitting panties to her clitoris and vaginal lips.  "This could
be fun", she mused, struggling to keep the pleasure from showing in
her expression.  An electric thrill shot through her as the DC-10
again shuddered and swayed in the turbulent air.

Michele made the callout for Captain X as the jet crossed the next
step down fix.  "Crossing Bremr, down to 11,000, 7 miles to Arnes".
"Roger, descent power".  The jet shook in the rough air as it
descended toward Arnes, 33 miles from Los Angeles.  Busy with her
duties, Michele was struggling to keep from being distracted by the
panties that were sending every sudden movement of the airplane
directly to her throbbing clitoris.  "Oh, I'm going to come soon, I
can't help it", she moaned silently to herself as the stimulation
continued.  "I'm soaking wet".  Suddenly it felt too warm on the
flight deck and she reached up to adjust her air vent.

"Merkin two-twenty-six-heavy, reduce speed maintain two-five-zero
knots, contact Los Angeles approach one-two-four-point-niner".

"Slowing... gasp... two-five-zero, one-two-four-point-niner, two-
twenty-six-heavy".  Captain X was looking at her strangely, then she
turned back to her scan.  "She must know what's going on", thought the
horny young first officer, "I hope she doesn't write me up for this".
She thumbed her mic switch.  "Los Angeles approach, Merkin... gasp...
two-twenty-six... oh!...  heavy, with you on the... oooh!... profile".

"Merkin two-twenty-six-heavy, Los Angeles approach, reduce speed
maintain two-one-zero knots until Downe cross Fuelr at eight thousand
cleared ILS-runway-two-five-right approach contact the tower at Limma,
traffic at twelve o'clock five miles is a Singapore heavy 747 will
precede you to two-five-right, caution wake turbulence, report that
traffic in sight".

"Welcome to LA", Michele said dryly to no one in particular, then
acknowledged the rapid-fire clearance.  The DC-10 crossed the fixes in
rapid succession - Suzzi, Fuelr, Downe, Hunda, and finally captured
the glideslope just before Limma, the outer marker.  "Glideslope
alive".  "One dot below, gear down, landing final checklist".  Coupled
to the localizer and glideslope, the DC-10 passed Limma descending
through 1900 feet.  Trying desperately to ignore the rubbing of her
panties on her clitoris as the DC-10 lurched up and down, Michele
dialed in 120.95 and called Los Angeles tower.  "Los Angeles tower,
Merkin two-twenty-six-heavy, inside Limma".  "Merkin two-twenty-six-
heavy, Los Angeles tower, runway-two-five-right cleared to land, wind
three-five-zero at one-five gusts two-five".

"One thousand above, minimums three-zero-two, cross-check, no flags...
gasp!..., bug plus five, sink seven hundred".  The DC-10 was crabbing
to the right as the autopilot corrected for the crosswind.  Captain X
was monitoring the approach and preparing for the landing, and seemed
oblivious to the frenzied state of her first officer in the right
seat.  Michele was squirming in her seat as the stimulation rose to
new heights.  She could feel the tension rising in her vaginal muscles
and knew that she could hold off her orgasm for only seconds longer.
Her breath was coming in short sharp gasps, and she was straining
against the shoulder harness as the wave of pleasure started to rise.
She felt her toes start to curl as the orgasm began.  Struggling to
maintain her self-control, Michele made the next callout.  "Five
hundred above, no flags, sink seven hun... gasp!... dred...  Unnnh...
I'M COMING!... OOOH!... FUCK!... I'M COMING!"

Michele was arching out of the seat, shaking and shuddering with
pleasure, gasping for breath and swinging her head wildly from side to
side in ecstasy.  Her hands involuntarily slid down inside her panties
and she plunged three fingers deep into her vagina, the fingers of her
other hand rubbing her clitoris furiously.  She was completely lost in
her orgasm, and completely unaware of the DC-10 that was now seconds
from touchdown.  Captain X had uncoupled the autopilot and was hand
flying the airplane.  The scene in the right seat had startled her for
a moment, but she now turned her attention back to flying.  Well, most
of her attention.  She was aware of the wetness that had started in
her crotch.

"Two hundred feet, flows off, final gear check, cleared to land".
Captain X was making her own callouts.  "One hundred radar... fifty...
forty... thirty... twenty... ten...  five".  With a rumble the DC-10
touched down and the ground spoilers rose automatically.  Captain X
engaged reverse thrust and pushed the power levers forward.  The DC-10
rumbled and shook as the confused engine exhaust tumbled over the
tail.  Michele screamed and shook as another orgasm shot through her.
"Eighty knots".  Captain X reduced power to idle, applied braking and
turned the DC-10 off the runway onto taxiway 42, then onto Juliet
Outer.

"Merkin two-twenty-six-heavy, contact ground one-two-one-point-seven-
five".  Captain X acknowledged, contacted ground for clearance, and
proceeded to taxi to the gate.  When the jet was moving slowly along
Kilo Inner, she turned her attention to her first officer.  Michele
was sitting limply in her seat, mouth open and breathing heavily.  Her
face was flushed and she seemed only dimly aware of her surroundings.
Without a word Captain X reached up to the overhead panel and flipped
the cockpit voice recorder mode select switch to the Erase position.
With a barely perceptible jolt the DC-10 stopped at the gate, and
warning lights flared in the cockpit as the cabin and cargo doors were
opened.  Captain X quickly completed the shutdown checklist and
climbed out of her seat.  In silence the flight crew donned their
jackets and caps and filed out on their way to the crew bus that would
take them to their hotel.

"I'm really fucked", thought Michele miserably as they boarded the
crew bus. "The skipper's going to turn me in and they'll fire my ass
for sure.  Fuck, I wish she'd say something and get it over with".
The flight crew climbed out of the bus and led by Captain X, entered
the lobby of the Airport Marriott.  Michele checked in and hurried to
her room, where she quickly showered and changed into fresh clothes.
Throwing herself face down on the bed, she wondered how she could show
up for the next leg the following morning.  Michele closed her eyes
and tried to relax.  She was awakened by a quiet knock on the door.

"Who's there?" she called through the door.  "Michele, I need to talk
to you, may I come in?".  Michele recognized the voice as belonging to
Captain X.  "Oh fuck, here it comes", she thought as she opened the
door and stood aside to let Captain X enter the room.  Michele noticed
with surprise that the skipper was dressed in a tight form-fitting
white mini-skirt and top that showed off shapely thighs and perky
breasts, her shiny long dark hair falling loosely over her shoulders.
Without a word Captain X stepped into the room and closed the door
behind her, then turned to Michele and touched her on the shoulder.
Moving closer, she planted a soft kiss on Michele's moist lips.
Michele's eyes widened in surprise, but she did not pull back from the
touch.  Michele had been with another girl in college, and since then
she had sometimes thought about repeating the experience but had been
afraid of what might happen if her employer ever found out about it.
And now the skipper was here putting the moves on her!  Maybe she
wasn't in so much trouble over her performance during the last leg as
she had thought.  Taking a deep breath, she made up her mind.

Michele returned the kiss, using her tongue and increasing the
pressure.  The response was immediate, and she felt a hand exploring
her breasts before sliding down her belly and running over her mound.
They moved slowly over toward the bed, their tongues intertwined.
Michele slowly pushed Captain X onto her back, her dark hair spilling
over the pillow.  Moving her attention to the skipper's skirt, she
slowly unzipped it and pulling it free, she tossed it on a nearby
chair.  The top followed it, the skipper raising her shoulders off the
bed to make the task easier.  Captain X was wearing a pair of filmy
white see-through panties and no bra, and Michele could see the
dampness of a neatly shaved pussy though the thin material.  Reaching
down, she carefully peeled off her own white cotton panties and threw
them aside.  Captain X was smiling up at her, and motioned for her to
come closer.  Michele climbed over her and straddled her on the bed,
her blonde hair tumbling down on either side of her young face.

Captain X reached under Michele's skirt and gently stroked her slit,
then carefully slid a finger into Michele's willing vagina.  Michele
gasped with pleasure, and tightened her vaginal muscles around the
finger.  Captain X slowly pulled her finger out of Michele's snatch
and licked the juice off with obvious enjoyment.  She then undid the
catch holding Michele's short skirt, and pulled it off.  "I've been
wondering all week whether you're a natural blonde Michele, and now I
see that you are".  She pulled Michele forward by the hips until her
wet cunt was directly over her mouth.  Pulling Michele gently
downward, she teased her fine blonde cunt hair with her tongue, then
started to lick along the length of Michele's slit.  Michele went
purely crazy with pleasure, gasping and moaning as wave after wave of
intense pleasure jolted her clitoris and radiated to her extremities.
In no time she was on the edge of another climax.  "Oh yes!  fuck me!
I'm coming... don't stop... stick it in me!...  I'M GONNA COME!...
don't stop... yes!... ooh!... I'M COMING!...  YES!... UNGHHH!... OOH
YES!... FUCK!... I CAN'T STOP COMING!...... I CAN'T STOP COMING!..."

Slowly Michele came down from her orgasm, panting and moaning, to find
Captain X gasping and rubbing herself as she watched Michele.  "Do me
now, Michele" she pleaded, "I can't wait any longer.  Make me come".
Before Michele could respond, the telephone rang, and she answered it.

"Hello?"

"Michele, it's Rick.  What do you think's going to happen?  Think
she'll report you?".

"Well, actually, Rick, I don't think it's going to be a problem".

"Huh?  Why not?"

"Rick, I don't want to talk about it on the phone any more.  Why don't
you come over to my room and I'll explain it to you.  It's room 504".

"OK, I'll be along in a minute".

Michele turned back to Captain X with a wicked sexy grin on her face.
"I can do one better than that, honey.  How would you like me to get
Rick to slide his tool into you?  I spent the last two layovers in his
room, and believe me, it was incredible!  I've never met someone who
comes back for more like he does".  By way of reply, Captain X reached
for Michele and kissed her deeply.  "Only if you join in", she panted.
Michele smiled and moved down to where she could use her tongue on the
Captain's engorged labia and clitoris.  It was a highly erotic feeling
licking the recently shaved pussy, and it made her strangely excited
in a way she couldn't quite explain.

There was another quiet knock on the door to her hotel room.

Rick stepped into Michele's room, and took in the scene at one glance.
Peeling off his shirt, he stepped over to where Captain X lay on the
bed slowly fingering herself and arching her back.  Captain X looked
up at him, then sat up and reached for Rick's pants.  Rick stood while
Captain X unfastened his pants and let them fall around his ankles.
His penis was standing at rigid attention, and throbbed slightly in
anticipation of what was to come.  Captain X reached her hands around
Rick and pulled him forward to where she could reach him with her
tongue.  Taking a deep breath, she slid him all the way in until the
tip of his tool touched the back of her throat, then started to move
in and out slowly.  Rick groaned and stumbled slightly as his back
muscles tightened.  He could feel the pressure building at the base of
his cock and knew that he wouldn't last long with the Captain deep-
throating him so expertly.  "I'm going to come soon", he warned.
Captain X pulled free of his cock and smiled at him.  "No doing that
until you're in my cunt", she announced.  Rick needed no further
prompting.  As she rolled over onto her back and raised her knees,
Rick mounted her and slid his penis into her hot moist vagina in one
long slippery movement.  "Aaah!" he groaned, "that feels so fucking
good!".

Rick slowly pumped into her cunt, sending waves of intense pleasure
through both of their bodies.  He pulled almost all the way out on
each stroke, so that Captain X gasped and dug her nails into his back
to keep him from pulling all the way out.  He rammed into her each
time with enough force to drive her back against the headboard and
make her arch herself up to meet his thrust.  "Oh yes, fuck me, fill
me up, fuck me, make me come, I want to come, fuck me, harder, yes,
oh... yes!" she gasped.  Rick increased the pace, driving into her
snatch as hard as he could on each stroke.  A drop of pre-come escaped
from his cock, and he determined to make his partner come before he
did.  He could feel her vagina constricting around his cock, and knew
that her orgasm could not be far away.  Gathering her legs over his
shoulders as he had done with Michele the night before, he pulled
himself forward so that her thighs were pressed against her breasts on
each stroke and he could drive into her until he felt his cock bumping
into her cervix.  Captain X lost control as she felt him press against
her cervix, and started to buck and moan spasmodically as her orgasm
took her over.  Her nails raked deep scores in Rick's back as she
screamed and shook with the intensity of her orgasm.  Her vagina
contracted so forcefully that he felt like he was in the grip of a hot
wet vise, and the resulting pleasure pushed him suddenly over the
edge.  He came into her so forcefully that she felt a blaze of heat
inside as she was rammed up against the wall behind Michele's bed.
Rick pumped spurt after spurt of hot semen deep into her snatch.  He
groaned in almost unbearable pleasure as his nuts released their load
into her.  She was lost in ecstasy, head thrashing as she gasped and
shook with pleasure.  It seemed like neither of them would ever stop
coming.  Then suddenly it was over and they were panting and gasping,
looking into each others eyes in exhausted delight.

A sound from the end of the bed brought them both back to reality.
Michele was on her knees at the end of the bed, her fingers excitedly
rubbing her clitoris while she pushed a vibrator into her dripping wet
vagina.  While they watched Michele gasped and threw her head back,
then went rigid as every muscle locked in orgasmic pleasure.  Rick
felt himself hardening again at the sight and sound of the beautiful
blonde girl bringing herself off.  Moving down to lay next to Captain
X, who was still breathing heavily, he beckoned to Michele to join
him.  Captain X got up on one elbow to watch as Michele slowly got to
her feet and walked unsteadily to where Rick lay slowly rubbing his
cock as it grew harder.  Michele's firm breasts jutted from her chest,
the nipples hard from the hormones that were coursing through her
lithe body.  A clear trickle of vaginal lubricant escaped from her wet
matted pubic hair and ran slowly down one leg.  Michele pulled her
blouse over her head and tossed it aside.  Her breasts sprang forward
and they could see the firm nipples surrounded by the dark aureole.

"Why don't you fuck her?  I want to watch you fuck her brains out!
Make her come!", Captain X breathed excitedly.  Michele moaned with
excitement at the thought of being watched by another woman while Rick
fucked her.  She climbed on top of Rick and slowly sank down onto his
cock.  She was so wet that he slid in to the hilt effortlessly.  Her
eyes widened and she gasped as his penis stretched her open and slid
deliciously over her erect clitoris.  Leaning forward to kiss him
deeply, she began to rhythmically contract her vagina around him as
she slowly rocked from side to side.  Rick kissed her hard and met her
rhythm, thrusting his hips forward to meet her, feeling his penis bump
into her at the end of each thrust.  Rick became aware that Captain X
was carefully positioning herself above him with the obvious intent of
being eaten out.  He grabbed her hips and brought her down to his
mouth, her back to the headboard, her firm breasts facing Michele's.
Captain X moaned and shuddered as Rick expertly went to work on her
labia, clitoris and vagina.  Michele moved forward to get the deepest
possible penetration of Rick's penis inside her, then leaned forward
to kiss Captain X passionately on the mouth.

Captain X came first.  A loud groan escaped her as Michele thrust her
wet tongue deeply into her mouth, their lips locked together.  She
shook and shuddered violently and ground her pussy down onto Rick's
mouth.  Rick gasped for breath as Captain X pressed her cunt over him
and gushed a sudden flood of lubricant over his face.  The sight of
the orgasming woman just above him was more than he could stand and
suddenly he was pumping his seed into Michele's tight slit as she
rocked rapidly and grabbed him rhythmically with her vagina.  He was
still emptying himself deep inside her when her vagina began to widen
out internally and she pushed herself as far down his cock as she
could.  Her cunt grabbed him like a hot vise, and he could hear her
muffled screams as she came and came.

Rick sighed and lay back in the center of Michele's king size bed,
Michele on one side and Captain X on the other.  Both women were
making contented noises and snuggling on either side of him.  He
reached over and pulled the comforter from where they had kicked it to
the floor so that it covered them all.  Rick was almost asleep when he
felt Michele reach over and play with his cock, urging it to get hard.
At the same time, he felt Captain X blow in his ear and start to
nibble it wetly, and her hand stroked his chest.  Michele was sliding
her body over his, feeling with her cunt for his rapidly stiffening
penis.  He groaned as he felt it slide again into her hot slippery
wetness.  With a sigh, he realized that none of them were going to get
much sleep that night.

                                              ... to be continued
--
