Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




by:  Big Daddy

Captive Father (daughters get angry at father who only screws
their oldest sister.  The younger ones 14, 9, and 6 take their
father captive and force him to treat them the same way)

(put the first seduction here)

	"We're sick and tired of not getting our fair share of the fun
around here," Trinity announced.  "You've been screwing Rachel
for weeks now and haven't laid a hand any of the rest of your
daughters.  What's going on here?"

"I, uh..." Jack tried to address his 14 year old's curt attack.

"What, you don't think we want our daddy's big cock too?"
Trinity demanded to know.  "Why should Rachel get it all?"

Rachel just stood by and smiled as the four sisters faced off
their father and backed him into a corner.

"I didn't know..." Jack began.  "Besides, your too..."

"Young?" Trinity asked.  "Are you saying we're too young?"

"At least Sarah is," Jack offered.  "She's only 6.  And Becky,
she's only 9.  Now you, I guess you could be old enough..."

"I'm old enough daddy," Sarah said.

"Ya, me too," Becky added.

"I don't think so," Jack struggled as he fell backwards into a
chair behind him.  "You're a little too young for that sort of
thing."

"Sarah," Trinity ordered.  "Unzip daddy's pants.  Becky, you
help her.  I'm going to ride daddy's big cock first."

"Girls!" Jack protested as he pushed their hands away.  "I love
you all, but this is highly illegal."

"Fucking Rachel is illegal too," Trinity informed him.

"But at least she's 18," Jack said.

"But she's still your daughter and you'd end up in jail if any
of us talked."

"What are you saying?" Jack looked worried.

"Oh nothing," Trinity smiled evilly.  "I'm sure we would never
want to tell the police if we were getting what Rachel is
getting.  Right girls?"

"Right," Sarah said though she didn't really understand what
Trinity meant.

"Now let Sarah unzip your pants," Trinity said.

Sarah reached up between her fathers legs and began unbuttoning
his pants as he sat helpless.  

"I can't believe you're doing this," he said.

Soon Sarah unzipped her father's pants and Becky helped her pull
their father's pants down to his knees though he was still in
his underwear.

Trinity quickly undid her belt and let it drop to the floor as
she pulled her tight mini skirt down over her hips.

"Take daddy's underwear off too," Trinity said as she dropped
her skirt and hooked her thumbs into her panties before yanking
them down to her  ankles.

Jack got rock hard seeing his 14 year old daughter's brown hared
pussy and Sarah and Becky pulled his underwear over his swelling
cock.

"It's getting bigger!" Sarah exclaimed.

"I know Sarah," Trinity said as she unbuttoned her blouse and
unsnapped her bra.  "Now come over here to the bed girls and let
me fuck daddy first."

The two young girls did as they were told and Jack watched as
his daughter bent over and grabbed his cock in her hand. 
Trinity's large tits swung beautifully from her chest as she
slowly jerked her father's rock hard cock.

"I can't wait to get your huge hard cock inside me daddy,"
Trinity said as she climbed up in the chair on top of him and
reached between her legs to grab his cock again.

Placing her father's thick cockhead against her sensitive clit,
Trinity slowly pushed down and forced inch by inch inside her.

"Fuck me daddy!" she panted as three inches slid up inside her
and stretched her cunt wide open.  "FUCK ME HARD!!!"

"You girls take off your clothes now," Rachel said to the two
youngsters on the bed.  "Daddy's going to fuck you next."

Jack didn't hear a word as his daughter ground her pussy on his
cock with loud pumping action as her ass slapped his thighs.

Jack was grabbing his daughter's tight ass now as she fucked him
and he grunted loudly as she rammed herself on him over and over.










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....