Archive-name: Bondage/capture2.txt
Archive-author: Ca.H.
Archive-title: Captured - Part 2


The day of training -

	You awake, realizing your mouth is dry from the gag
still wedged into it.  You want to cough but find it
difficult to do so.  Your body aches from the activities of
the night before and the multiple orgasms you have
experienced.  It was no dream, your realize as you come to
from your sleep, for you feel the bodies of your captors
laying beside you.  One hand is pressed to your breasts and
from the left, a hand is pressed firmly into your pussy.
	You moan and roll a bit in an attempt to awaken your
captors.  You don't really want to start the game all over
again but you do have the need for the bathroom and only
they, since you are still tied securely, are capable of
giving you your desired relief.
	The hand pressed to your pussy moves slowly then
fingers you lightly.  The fingers move to your clit and
press firmly to it then rubs the dry head slowly.  You can
feel yourself becoming excited from this but the excitement
is overshadowed by your need.  Finally the fingers firmly
grip the head of your clit and pinch fairly hard.  You can
no longer control yourself and feel yourself release your
bladder.  You do not release all its contents but enough to
get the bed slightly wet.  You hear no sounds but suddenly a
harsh thud hits your pussy when your captor slaps it with
his opened hand.  Under his breath you hear a muffled word,
'bitch' is what you make out.
	Your hands and legs are unhooked from the bed and you
are pulled to your feet by the leather cuffs around your
wrists.  You are dragged down the hall to the  tiled floor
room and forced to sit down on the toilet.  When you have
finished the hands press firmly between your legs and you
feel the tissue being pulled over your pussy lips.
	You are then stood up and your hands are pulled behind
you.  They are secured tightly with your arms crossed.  A
leather strap is then placed over your connected wrists and
brought upwards to your neck.  A leather collar is placed
around your neck and the leather strap from your wrists is
snapped into the collar.
	You feel your captor pushing you to the floor, you go
down with his help.  He then kicks with his foot to your
legs, indicating he wants you to spread them further apart. 
You do as he indicates.
	He presses you down from the head so your face touches
the floor, your ass sticking up into the air.  You hear the
water run behind you and await your next enema.  It is given
then you are showered and led back down the hall.
	Once inside you hear someone moving about then you can
hear whispering off to the right of you.
	Your hands are unhooked as is the collar from your
neck.  You are led across the room, quickly your hands are
fastened together again in front of you.  You are forced
down to a kneeling position again, but feel something
pressing into your back as you go down.  Suddenly, lifted at
the waist you are raised and then lowered over an ottoman,
on your back, your head hanging down over the other side. 
Your hands are pulled tightly over your head and fastened to
something preventing movement.  Your legs are pushed roughly
open and a spreader bar is placed between your thighs about
four inches below your opened pussy.  A finger roughly
probes your opened sex hole now then pulls out from you. 
You lay there waiting for what is too happen, with your
breasts and pussy thrust forward and up from the position
you have been placed on the ottoman.
	You feel something touch your opened pussy.  It is not
a finger, you can tell that, but what it is you are not
sure.  Suddenly it is pulled away, within a second it comes
back in contact with your opened pussy with a resounding
thrash.  Again and again the birch stick slaps at your
pussy.  Hitting your clit and causing you to scream through
your still gagged mouth.  Finally after about ten lashes it
stops and then begins again on your breasts.  The birch
finding the nipples every so often and the pain rushes
through your body.  Yet your pussy is dripping with juices,
inspite of or because of this treatment.
	Finally it stops!  You feel fingers find your hurting
clit and they softly rub you to orgasm.  Your body doesn't
require much stimulation, the birch stick did most of it. 
You jerk and shake with the orgasm.  The hand slowly thrusts
two fingers into you and presses from the inside wall to
spread your pussy opened more.  
	"Pee on me again bitch and you'll think this was a
picnic."  Your captor says.  His thumb finds your sore clit
and presses against it firmly.  He withdraws his fingers and
leaves you there for a short time.
	When you feel hands on you again you are being pulled
up and then turned over so you are on your stomach.  Your
knees bend and rest on the floor.  Your ass is now open to
whatever your captors wish to do.
	You hear one say, "I like the looks of a red ass, don't
you?"  The other responds, "Sure do, but this one isn't red
enough to suit me."  Your head is ringing with the words. 
You know what is going to happen next.  You know they are
going to punish your upturned ass cheeks.  Spank you like a
child until you can't sit down for a week.  You thrash
against your bonds now, this brings a resounding blow to
your sit spot with an opened hand.  You calm down, after
having strained against your bonds and realizing you can't
get away anyway.
	You can hear them moving behind you now.  Then with a
quick swish through the air a hard paddle slaps at your bare
ass.  You jerk forward some and the blow is repeated again
and again.  By the time you hear the administer of the
spanking reach the count of twenty you realize you are
bringing your ass back up to meet the punishing paddle.  It
whacks at your tender ass again and again and the heat of
your ass has spread to your pussy.  Suddenly it stops.  You
hear movement behind you and then feel the sting of a
leather strap or belt strike your already burning ass.  The
belt slaps down on your upturned ass again and again.  You
are thrusting upwards to meet it when, much to your surprise
you orgasm as it flails onto your burning flesh.  The
spanking continues and you are brought up over the edge of
orgasm again and again.  Your body is jerking about wildly
against your bonds.  
	Suddenly it all stops.  You feel fingers pressing on to
your hot molten flesh and then feel the head of a cock press
between your legs to opened pussy.  Slowly it slides in and
out of you several times, then pulls out completely. You can
feel the head of it pressed to your ass pucker and with a
quick forceful movement it is thrust into you.  You scream
through your gag at the pain and scream again when your
captors pelvis area slaps hard into your burning ass cheeks. 
Slowing the pace a bit he pulls from you then thrust back
into you hard and firm.  Each time he thrusts harder into
your ass and withdraws slowly.  Finally he begins to thrust
faster and faster as well as hard, his pelvis hitting your
burning ass cheeks each time, as if spanking you all over
again.  You moan as the wave of orgasm spreads through you
and you feel him explode his creamy juices inside your
bowel.  When he withdraws from you, after a few minutes of
resting on your back, he slaps your ass again with his
opened hand then moves away from you.
	Someone moves in front of you and the gag is removed. 
Quickly the fingers touch your chin and you do not respond. 
The fingers grip the end of your nose and you open your
mouth to breath, when you do, a ring is placed inside your
mouth and forced behind your teeth, forcing your mouth
opened fairly wide.  The fingers are pulled from your nose
and you are left for a moment to get used to the ring.
	With a sudden thrust a cock is pressed through the ring
into your mouth.  You have never had a cock in your mouth
before and really don't know what to do.  Slowly your tongue
moves, but not up and down the cock, but in an attempt to
get away from it.  As you move your tongue away a slap comes
hard to your burning ass again from the leather strap. 
Again and again your ass is spanked, until your tongue gets
the message and begins to circle slowly around the cock in
your mouth.  You work hard to circle the rigid member and
slowly you bring it to a firmer, harder state.  As you
encase it with your tongue and move over the shaft, a dildo
is thrust between your legs into your opened pussy.  It is
pushed and pulled into you quickly.  Finally the cock in
your mouth becomes very hard and the owner of it begins to
pump it in and out of your mouth, your tongue reaching for
the head as it is pulled out.  Your pussy is getting reamed
with the dildo now and the cock in your mouth squirts a bit
of pre cum then thrusts harder and faster.  You both explode
at the same time with orgasm and your mouth and tongue work
feverishly to take all the cum and swallow it.  The member
becomes limp and is pulled from your mouth.  The ring is
then slowly removed and you are left without a gagged.  Your
hands are unhooked, yet still snapped together at the
wrists.  Your legs are taken from the spreader bar.  You are
pulled to your feet now and led out of the room.
	Your feet feel a cold flooring beneath them and you
recognize the feel of tile.  You can smell coffee, so you
realize you are in the kitchen.  You are led to a hard
wooden chair and pushed down.  When your ass cheeks make
contact with the chair seat you scream slightly.
	Someone pulls you back up and then slams his opened
hand to your ass ten times in quick succession then forces
you back down again.  This time you do not scream, but moan
deep within your throat as your deep red ass cheeks touch
the hard wooden chair seat.
	You sit quietly.  You can feel your pussy dripping on
to the chair beneath you.  You are still so excited that
if one of your captors were to touch your clit you know you
would explode with orgasm again.
	You are slowly fed cereal, given a sip of hot coffee. 
More cereal is fed to you and then more coffee until you
have eaten quite enough.  You are then left along for a few
moments, but still hear your captors eating their breakfast
close by.
	You hear a knock on the door.  Fear rips through your
body, that anyone would see you this way.  One of your
captors leaves the room and you can hear muffled
conversation at the front door.  Then you hear someone walk
back into the kitchen.  Soon you hear someone else walk into
the kitchen also.
	"What can I do to her?", the new voice says.
	"Anything you wish, just don't kill her," said one of
your captors.
	"Stand up slut," you hear the new voice say, then reach
for your right breast and pull you to your feet by grasping
it and pulling upward.  
	Soon his fingers were playing with the nipples of each
breast.  He slowly teases them and squeezes them.  Finally
one of your captors said, "Pinch them hard and pull on them,
she loves it. If she screams, take her over your knee and
paddle her ass hard."
	The new person began to slowly pinch each nipple
between his forefinger and thumb.  Slowly he pinched them
harder and harder then twists them around one direction then
another, then pulls them outward.  You moaned and then
screamed with the pain inflicted to your sore sensitive
nipples.  His fingers released their grip, he pulls you by
the arms slowly.  You feel his knee being pressed under your
stomach and you being forced over it.  A series of severe
slaps comes crashing down on your burning ass again and
again.  He doesn't seem to want to stop, and he continues
until one of your captors finally says, "I think that's
enough spanking, she got the point."
	He stood you back up after one more slap then went back
to your nipples.  You are crying beneath your hood but
managed to keep your screams within so they only sounded
like moans.  He pinches your nipples again hard and then
twists them one direction then another again and again.  The
pain courses through your body; yet somehow finds your pussy
and heats it up quickly.  The juices flow easily from you
now and run down your leg.
	His interest turns to your pussy now, as he fingers the
shaved region.  Slowly his fingers move into between your
wet lips and he slides his fingers deep into you.  He
withdraws his fingers then presses them firmly to your
mouth.  You don't want to open and keep it firmly closed. 
You have never tasted your own juices before and don't
really desire to now.
	"Would you like your ass spanked again, this time with
my belt?"  The new one says.  You open your mouth quickly to
take his wet fingers into it.  Actually you think, I don't
taste bad.  Sort of sweet.  You lick his fingers clean, then
he pulls them from you.
	"I want to ram my hard cock into her while she is being
spanked by one of you.  Can we do that?"  The new one asks. 
Your heart sinks when you hear one of the captors say sure
and the pulls at your hands.
	You are pulled into another room and your hands are
secured firmly over your head.  A ball gag is pushed into
your mouth again and your legs are spread open wide with a
spreader bar.  Slowly fingers probe your nether lips and
tease your flesh.  You hear one of them say, tease her clit
then leave her hanging on the edge of orgasm, it drives her
wild.  The fingers press to your clit and slowly move over
it rubbing it till it is erect and hard.  Firmer and faster
the finger moves your clit until your hips are thrusting
forward.  As you near orgasm you hear someone say, that's
enough, she's there.  And the fingers are pulled from you. 
The next five minutes you are not touched.  Then slowly the
fingers go back to teasing your clit again and once again,
when you near orgasm, they stop.
	You are burning inside now, wanting your sex filled
with a firm cock.  You are frustrated and thrusting your
hips forward to find something to give you relief.  As you
come down from the edge the fingers probe you again and
bring you back up to the peak then stop again.  This goes on
for nearly an hour and you ache inside for the need to be
satisfied.
	Suddenly you feel the thrust of a hard cock slammed
into your pussy and as it slams in someone behind you spanks
your still pinkish ass cheeks with a rubber soled shoe. 
Each time the cock is pulled out then thrust back in the
rubber thong smacks firmly on your ass.  Now your pussy is
burning with desires and your ass if just as hot, if not
hotter from the spanking it receives.  You are pushed over
the edge into one of the most mind blowing orgasm you have
ever had.  You black out from the waves of pleasure coursing
through your body.
	When you awaken you are on the bed.  Secured in the
same manner as the night before.  You nipples ache, so you
know they have placed nipple clamps to you again.  Your
pussy is full with a dildo which is not vibrating.
	You move your head and when you do the dildo is pulled
from you then pushed back into you.  Again and again it is
pushed and pulled.  Finally it is pulled out completely and
is replaced with the real thing.  First one guy thrusts into
your hot box and creams inside you, then the next, then
finally the third.
	The nipple clamps are removed and slowly your nipples
are rubbed.  Someone placed their hands around the base of
your right breast and squeeze it firmly, but not hard,
pushing the nipple out, then holds it in this manner for a
few moments when someone else slaps the erect tit with a
thin leather strap.  Faster and harder the slaps come,
spanking the tit soundly.  Then the same thing is repeated
to the other tit.  A hand finds your spread pussy and slowly
slaps at it then a dildo is thrust back into you and turned
on and you are left to come to orgasm after orgasm from this
hard, relentless cock.
	By the time an hour, what seems like forever to you,
passes the dildo is pulled from you.  Your body is jerking
in uncontrollable orgasm again, how many times you don't
know for sure.  You are then left to lay there and sleep
soundly from your tiring morning. 
		When you awaken your hood has been removed and
replaced with a blindfold.  Your gag has been taken from
your mouth.  You are still strapped to the bed, spread
eagle.  You move your head about and stretch as best you
can.  When you do, someone unhooks your hands then your feet
and pulls you to the edge of the bed.  They guide you up and
lead you down the hall to bathroom and allow you to relieve
yourself.  An enema is again given then you are showered
thoroughly.  Once the shower is completed you are pushed
down on the toilet seat again and a douche is administered
to your well worked pussy.  You ache every where from your
recent treatment.  Your ass still burns when it touches the
seat suddenly, reminding you of the harsh, severe spankings
you received earlier that day.  You are cleaned inside and
out now.  Your captor presses a brush to your closed mouth
and a your nose smells the sweet smell of toothpaste.  You
open your mouth and he begins to brush your teeth slowly and
tenderly.
	You are led back down the hall again.  Once you are
pulled through an opened doorway you are told to stand in
the center of the room and not move.  You stand where you
have been placed.  A strapless bra is then hooked around
your breasts.  Your captor secures it firmly, it is at least
one size too small and pulls your breasts up firmly.  When
he has hooked it he then runs his fingers over the front of
it.  Much to your surprise the nipples are exposed through a
hole in the front of the bra.
	You are forced to raise your feet one at a time when
silk, soft panties are pulled up over your legs.  You can
feel the opening of the panties in the back and your
buttocks are uncovered.  The silk panties have a thin piece
running down through your ass cheek crack to your pussy. 
The fingers probe your pussy region and you feel the hole
that makes the access to your pussy easy.
	You are led back down the hall to the room you
recognize by the feel of the carpeting.  It is the room you
have been secured to the ceiling to several times since your
arrival here.  When you are pushed into the room you hear a
hum of noise and realize there are several people around
you.
	"Well ladies and gents, this is our toy for the night. 
Use her carefully, we don't want damaged goods on our hands. 
You can fuck her, eat her, spanks her, give her enemas,
pussy whip her, tit whip her, and bring her close to orgasm
and leave her wanting.  And anything else you might be
creative enough to dream up.  She loves it all."
	Your hands are pulled over your head and hooked to the
rope or chain hanging from the ceiling.  You feel hands
touching you every where.  Probing, exploding your nether
region, your ass between your ass cheeks, your nipples and
rubbing your shaved pubic mound.
	"A shaved cunt is always so inviting," you hear a woman
say.  "I could eat her out all night with that shaved
pussy."
	You are afraid, yet your body betrays you when you try
to keep from becoming excited at the touching and probing it
is receiving.  You can feel your pussy dripping on the silk
material then down your leg.
	A long finger nailed finger presses into your pussy
now, and someone asks, "Are you a hot little slut?"  You do
not respond.  This brings a harsh finger fucking by the long
finger nailed finger pressed into you and finally you say,
"Yes I am."  A quick sharp slap comes to your uncovered ass
and someone else says, "Call her mistress and the men master
slut or be prepared to have your ass heated up with the
whip."  
	"Yes Master," you respond quickly.
	Someone finally takes control of the crowd of people. 
You are so embarrassed to be put in this position, but have
no choice but to let things happen as they will.
	One of your original captors is now directing the party
crowd.  they have decided to make up slips of paper with a
number on it to see who gets to use you first.  The paper
will be drawn out of a hat.  You hear someone say, 'okay
that will be eight numbers then', your heart sinks and you
dread having to tolerate eight different people using you. 
	These may be your thoughts, however your pussy is
dripping with the excitement of the events ahead.  You think
to yourself, 'I've never been eaten by a woman before, I
wonder what it is like?' you question yourself.
	Someone removes the gag from your mouth.  A glass is
given to you and you drink.  It is cool water rushing down
your throat.  The person pouring it into your mouth pours it
quickly and part of it lands on your breasts.  They react
quickly to the coldness of it and become erect immediately. 
You feel long finger nailed fingers touching the nipples
quickly.  They rub over them gently and tenderly.  Then
reaching to the back of the nipple presses it hard between
the forefinger and thumb so the tip is caught just at the
edge and the pain shots through you.  You let out a scream. 
The fingers release the nipples.  You hear the person walk
slowly around you, then someone else says loudly, "Screaming
little bitches get their ass whipped."  It was a woman's
voice you hear.  You wonder to yourself what she would do if
she were in the same position as you.  It didn't matter,
because she wasn't in that position, you are.
	Slowly your hands are lowered and unhooked from the
chain attached to the ceiling.  The long finger nailed woman
takes you by the arm and leads you across the room.  Once
there she sits down and pulls you slowly over her lap.  You
know everyone is watching this event and you become flush
with embarrassment.  To be spanked by another grown woman,
on your bare bottom, over her knee.  To be treated like a
little girl is humiliating.
	"What do mommy's do when little girls are bad?" the
finger nailed woman asks you as she pokes you in the back
with the tip end of her finger.
	With great hesitation you finally respond, "They punish
them mistress."
	"How do they punish them?" She prods more.
	"They, they, er, spank them mistress." You stutter.
	"Do they spank them on their bare bottom with a
hairbrush?"
	You don't know what to say to her, you know if you say
yes she will spank you with a hair brush, but your ass still
hurts from the spanking earlier today.  Finally you blurt
out the words, "Yes mistress."
	She orders you to spread your legs apart, you do so. 
Her fingers move down between your ass cheeks then to your
dripping wet pussy.  She finds your clit and fingers you
lightly.  She then reposition you on her lap, her fingers
run lightly over your tingling ass cheeks.  You are nearly
ready to explode already, the anticipation of the spanking
that your mind says you dread, but your pussy says you love.
The fingering of your clit.  You are ready to reach climax
already.  Suddenly with a force you didn't believe a woman
could have, the flat side of a hair brush slaps into your
already sore buttocks.  Again and again the hair brush comes
down on your ass, you climax by the time she reaches the
count of twelve.  The brush is stopped and the spanking
continues with her open hand.  She is strong and slams into
your burning red bottom forcefully.  The entire time you try
to suppress your screams.  Every once and a while one
escapes your mouth and when it does your mistress announces,
ten more spanks.  After she announces to the room she has
reached forty spanks there is applause.  She continues
though, until she announces she has reached sixty.  At sixty
spanks she stops and pushes you to the floor.  You lay on
your stomach there in a heap at her feet.  She quickly rolls
you over and presses her hands to your legs and spreads you
open wide.  Someone on either side of you grabs your ankles
and holds you open.  Then someone else pulls at your hands
and holds them above your head.  Your sore ass cheeks are
being pressed into the carpeting and the heat from them is
finding its way to your pussy.  You feel her hair touch your
bared mound and then a tongue darts into your spread opened
pussy lips.  Slowly it flicks at your clit, then moves down
your lips to your dripping hole.  Then back up to your clit. 
Each time bringing you closer and closer to orgasm.  Finally
a fingernail presses onto your clit and begins to tease it,
and the probing tongue is thrust into your open and ready
hole.  It pushes in and out quickly now and the finger
nailed finger moves over your clit in the same speed. 
Within a moment you are pulled over the edge and your body
quakes with orgasm, one after another.  Until you feel
certain you will pass out, but you don't.
	She finally pulls away from you.  You are satisfied
sexually like you have never been before, except for one
thing, you still feel the need for a firm, hard cock inside
you.  You feel someone straddling your chest now and your
lips feel the moisture of something over them.  Someone
orders you to lick and telling you to bring your mistress
off or be whipped. Your tongue moves out of your mouth
slowly, timidly to the pussy above you and begins to lick at
it in the same fashion she had licked at yours.  Within a
few moments she shakes and jerks over you and you feel her
juices flow into your opened mouth.  Your tongue trying to
lick up all the juices.
	You are left to rest now.

--
continued - part 3

