 CARDS  by Chuck   Root....uploaded to Christopher Street

The summer  job had been great so far. I was a bus boy/waiter at a resort in  
the Pocono mountains of Pennsylvania. It was one of those large family type  
hotels with all sorts of activities for the guests. I lived right on the  
grounds in one of the employee dorms which really were the rooms in the old  
section of the hotel. I shared my room with three other guys about my age who 
all were there just for the summer. 

Chuck was the youngest of our group. He had just turned 18 and was headed  back
to high school after the summer. Jeff, Alan and I were all going to be  college
freshman. I began discovering new feelings that summer and part of  the new 
feelings came from sharing a room with other guys for the first time  in my 
life. The thing I liked about sharing the room was that we spent a lot  of time
partly dressed. None of the guys had any hesitation about walking  around in 
just a pair of cut offs or even better just their underwear and all  of us 
slept in just our briefs.

Chuck was the most enjoyable to watch when he tried to be "one of the guys"  
and lounge in his briefs. He usually wore young men's Fruit of the Loom. You 
know the kind. They were regular fly front and had the two thin blue stripes  
on the elastic waistband. He had obviously grown since he bought them and the 
fit was nice and tight. There was something so exciting about his young man's 
body being squeezed into those boy's size 16 soft cotton shorts. The waistband 
was narrower then most adult underwear and the leg openings were not sized  for
Chuck's solid male legs. The pouch that held his pubescent balls and  cock was 
not full cut either and it was easy to see the dark shadow of his  pubic hair 
as it spilled past the double layer fly into the single layer of  stretched 
cloth on either side of that pouch that was trying to hold it all  in. I 
realized soon that I wasn't the only room mate who had my eyes glued to him. 
There were times when I spotted both Jeff and Al watching Chuck's firm  buns 
rounding out the skimpy briefs.

Sunday had been a long hard day. The crowds of weekend guests had left and  the
four of us were crashing in the room. We had done a little grass and  drank 
some beers. No one was quite ready for bed yet and somehow we started  into a 
friendly game of cards. At one point Chuck was short of money and  tried to bet
light. We all argued that there wouldn't be any IOU's in the  game and Chuck 
would have to drop out. He kept insisting until Jeff spoke up.

"You feel so strong about that hand, put up or shut up."

"What do you mean?" asked Chuck.

"You want to stay in? Well then bet some clothing."

"OK !" said Chuck, taking the challenge. "But how about everybody bets with  
clothing?"

Everyone agreed and a new excitement entered the game. In just a few hands  
Chuck and I were partially dressed. Jeff and Al seemed to be having all the  
luck. I was still wearing t-shirt, jeans and underwear when Chuck was down  to 
just jeans and briefs. We were ready to bet the next hand and I pulled the 
t-shirt off over my head. Chuck stood and began unbuttoning the fly on his  
jeans. There was something very erotic about the scene. The many times I had 
seen him in his shorts or naked didn't prepare me for this. I glanced at Al  
and Jeff and realized they were just as effected.

I placed my shirt on the table and sat back down to watch as Chuck finished  
taking off his jeans to put them on the table. He stood there for a moment in 
just his white cotton underwear, the pouch filled with a heavy looking bulge.  
The elastic waistband was tight across his flat , firm belly. He sat down and I
watched as his cock and balls settled between his slightly spread legs. Al  and
Jeff each bet a sock from the pile of clothing in front of them. The hand  
played quickly and Al won.

It was now my turn to strip off my jeans. I hoped my cock wasn't too visible  
as I stepped out of them and stood dressed only in a pair of Jockey shorts.  
Chuck had some decisions to make also. He hesitated and then stood up and  
started to slide the underwear off. He paused for a moment as the waistband 
pushed down to where the dark curls of his pubic hair showed. The stretched  
elastic with its two blue stripes was pressing his cock firmly down between  
his legs. His cock wasn't hard but it was obvious that the blood had started  
to fill it as it stood partially erect and still hidden behind the cotton  
briefs. He finished pushing them down and sat at the same time, trying to  hide
his cock with his hands. He blushed and called for the deal as he bet  his 
briefs. They now laid on the table, shapeless and white but seemingly  still 
radiating a sexual warmth that was all Chuck. The cards were no luckier this 
time then last and Al ended up winning.

"Well Chuck, you lost money and now cloths. What else do you have to bet?"  
asked Jeff.

"If I lose this time, I'll jerk off the winner."

"Yeah, right. You say that now." Jeff challenged.

"I mean it." Chuck insisted. "Just deal."

I was standing and trying to push my underwear off with as little fanfare as  
possible. Both Jeff and Al were focused on Chuck after his last words. I got my
Jockeys down my legs and over my feet. I looked quickly to see if there  were 
any embarassing "skid" marks in the crotch and was pleased that they were 
clean. I tossed them onto the table as casually as I could and sat down.

The cards changed for the hand. Chuck won. He seemed very relieved as he  
pulled in the pot of my underwear and a sock from each Jeff and Al. There was 
no hesitation on Chuck's part as he stood and stepped into my underwear,  
settling his cock and balls into the spot where mine had been only moments  
before.  The head of his dick fell naturally into the stretched left side of  
the pouch on the borrowed underwear.

"I hope you don't mind but ...you understand." he said looking at me as I sat 
there naked as a jay bird.

Chuck smoothed the cotton of my Jockey shorts and adjusted his cock and balls. 
The underwear was slightly large on him. The sight of him standing there in  MY
UNDERWEAR was a real turn on. My cock started to move as it filled with  
excitement.  The man style Jockeys with their lettered waistband look so hot  
on his teen body. Jeff interupted my thoughts.

"Well! You betting again ? " he asked looking at me.

"Uh...yeah." I stammered.

"Yeah, what." 

"Yeah I'm betting."

"Same as Chuck? Jerk off for the winner?"

"Yeah. Same thing." I answered without conviction.

Chuck bet one of the socks he had just won. Jeff and Al bet something from  
their pile of clothing. The cards were dealt and as usual I ended up on the  
short end. Al had won and pulled in the pot. He sat back in his chair and  
stared at me. I looked around and realized all three of them were watching  
only me. 

"I guess I won." Al bragged.

"Yeah...Well how about double or nothing?" I asked.

"How about pay up!!!!" Al answered.

He stood up and moved toward where I was sitting. He was only inches from my  
face. He reached down and took my hand placing it on the fly of his bulging  
jeans. He had stripped off his t-shirt for the game and as I stared straight  
ahead, his naked chest and belly rose and fell with his breathing. I moved my 
hand slightly, afraid of what was happening. Al pressed his own hand more  
firmly on mine, forcing me to start rubbing his growing cock bulge.

"Let's go. You bet...you lost...you pay." he demanded.

I reached and started to unbutton the jeans he had on. My fingers touched his 
warm flesh and I could feel the tickle of the soft hair on his belly. It was  
like a guide, pointing from his belly button down to the waist of his pants  
where it disappeared. I popped open the button and reached for the zipper.  As 
I lowered it Chuck and Jeff moved to get better views. Jeff, still fully  
dressed stood to our right, Chuck was now near Jeff. He stood there in my  
underwear. His own cock was pushing it's way out the loose leg opening.

I continued lowering the fly and a flash of red showed. Al wasn't wearing  his 
regular white cotton underwear. He had on a pair of bikini briefs. His  cock 
was pushed off to the side and the head of the quickly hardening shaft  showed 
clearly through the thin material.  I let go of his pants and let them  slide 
down his thighs and rest near his knees.

"Don't just sit there. Pay up.", 

I reached for his cock and touched it. I could feel its strength oozing right 
through the cloth. It jumped and seemed to grow even larger in my grip. A  dark
spot formed at the head where Al's precum juices pushed out into the red  
briefs. My own cock was now standing at attention in my lap. Nothing could  
hide it. I thought that I might be able to avoid the embarrassment of actually 
jerking off his naked cock if I could make him come before he was able to get  
his cock out in view. I started milking his solid shaft. My free hand  reached 
for and cupped his testicle filled pouch.

I looked up and saw that Chuck and Jeff had moved closer to each other.  Both  
were holding there own crotch. Jeff was splitting his attention between the  
show being put on by Al and me and the solitary show being put on by Chuck. I 
figured it was time to get Jeff a little less dressed.

"Come on Jeff. Join the fun. How about it Chuck. Give him a hand getting  some 
of that clothing off."

Chuck and Jeff looked at each other and then at Al and me. They moved next to 
each other. Chuck, Al and I watched as Jeff began stripping his clothing off.  
He removed his shirt and stood for a moment. His solid chest looked more  
powerful then usual but there was a frightened "little boy" look on his face. 
He began to unbutton and zip down his fly. The elastic waistband of his  briefs
showed just above his jeans, hanging higher off each hip and pulling  lower 
below his belly button. He turned slightly away from us as he lowered  his fly.
It must have been an automatic modesty that he didn't even realize  was 
working. 

He bent over as he slid the jeans down his legs and off. The cotton on his  
Fruit of the Loom underwear pulled tightly across his firm ass.  The binding  
around each leg opening curved in an arch at the top of each leg. Jeff stood  
upright and faced us. The three of us stared silently. I could see he was  
erect. The head of his cock pushed firmly into the single layer of cotton off 
to the side of the multi layered pouch and fly.

My own erect dick was standing straight up. A clear drop of precum had formed 
at the piss slit and the mushroom head was purple. Chuck no longer was trying 
to hide his cock as it pushed upward along his belly and poked out past the  
waistband of the slightly large underwear he had won from me. Al, whose cock  I
still held, began grinding his hips. His dick, which was still trapped  behind 
the red bikini briefs jumped several times, swelled even larger and  shot its 
load. 

"Ahhhh....Jease....Uhhhh." he moaned as cum soaked into the briefs and  created
a spreading dark circle of pleasure. The sight of all the flesh had  pushed him
over the edge.  The distinctive odor filled my senses as the warm  wetness 
oozed out onto my hand. I sat back a moment and then started to jerk  on my own
erect cock. It stood so straight in my lap and was so excited that  I knew only
a few strokes would bring me off.

Al had taken his jism soaked briefs off and had started to clean himself. His 
nuts seemed to roll within their soft skin pouch as he cupped them in his palm 
and wiped the glistening cum off his cock and pubic hair. I was ready to  shoot
my load. My own cock erupted with my room mates watching. I was still  sitting 
but had lifted my hips up as a spray of creamy cum shot up and out,  falling 
back onto my chest and belly. Three strong wads rolled down my body  and a slow
ooze was milked out as I sat back down with a moan of pleasure. A  silent 
minute seemed to pass and then Al spoke.

"Here you go. You need these now." he said as he tossed his already soiled  red
briefs onto my lap. I picked them up and started to clean myself. Al  looked at
both Jeff and Chuck and finished, "Anyone else feel like adding to  the 
community rag?"

"Give me that." said Jeff as he pushed his underwear down to mid thigh. His  
one hand gripped his hardon and pumped.  He took Al's twice soiled bikini  
briefs from my hand and spread them on the card table, ready to catch his cum  
shot.

-Chuck still stood apart. His own cock was also ready to shoot. His jerking  off
had brought him right to the edge. Instead of stripping the Jockeys he  wore 
off he did just the opposite and pulled them up higher, again trapping  his 
erection.  Both his hands rubbed and squeezed his cock and balls from  outside 
the cotton as he watched Jeff getting ready to dump his load.

Jeff squirted creamy cum onto the community rag. His legs tensing and flexing 
as he reached orgasm. His legs squeezed together tighter and his buns  dimpled 
with pleasure. His Fruit of the Looms which had been stretched across  his 
thighs slipped all the way to the floor and rested around his ankles.  Most of 
his load hit Al's "community rag" but some spattered on the table top.

Chuck moaned and bent over slightly. He looked as though he was trying to  hold
his cock tightly against his belly. "Hurry up with that Jeff. I'm right there 
and ready to shoot."

Jeff pushed the triple soaked briefs toward Chuck who was busy trying to get  
his cock out through the left leg opening of the underwear he wore, my  
underwear he had just won in the game.

"Oh... ahhh. " his cum started to spurt from the piss hole of his cock as  the 
head was freed from the cotton briefs.  It arced up and then fell back  down 
onto the card table. Some hit the "Community rag" but most missed and  left 
creamy puddles near the target. He made very quiet satisfied sounds as  he 
milked the last few drops from his cock.

I looked around and saw each room mate looking back. None of us knew quite  
what to say. Chuck was pulling my Jockeys back over his cock and balls. Jeff 
leaned over and was pulling his Fruit of the Looms up his legs and settling  
his cock and balls back in place. Al could only look at his bikini briefs  that
lay on the table, soaked with our cum.  He and I still wore nothing.

We spent a moment looking at each other before Little Chuck spoke.  "Anyone  
want to play another hand?"
