Archive-name: Bondage/cari-1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Mark and I

        For as long as I remember, the thought of being the "victim" was
always exciting. And during my childhood, there were people around me that
made this desire even more real. I was eleven when the first real thoughts
came to my mind.
        You could say I was a loner at that age. Few of the other girls were
really interested in being my friend. It didn't help that both my mother and
father were alcoholics and the whole town knew it. So, I spent alot of time
alone. My parents were brutal to me at times, locking me in my room, going
without dinner, leaving me for hours on end. But, there was one person who
would come over and play. His name was Mark. And, at this time, he was just
turning fourteen.
        He would watch for when my parents left the house and would come over,
sometimes helping me with my homework, sometimes just playing a board game.
A couple of times my parents came home and found Mark in the house, but, they
were usually too drunk to say anything. Finally, in early October, Mark had
gotten the courage to ask my parents whether it would be alright to watch me
after school. Since there had been a little tussle between them and the local
juvenile authorities about leaving me alone, they were all too glad to accept
his offer.
        It wasn't as though I was incapable of taking care of myself. For that
matter, there were very few people that even thought I was eleven. I was just
over five feet tall, rather pretty, and well proportioned. My blone hair was
just below my shoulders. And developmentally, I was definitely becoming a
woman. Though they weren't large, my breasts were in form, with small pea-
sized nipples that I was quite proud of.
        All in all, however, it was good to have company like Mark.

        One afternoon, Mark had arrived at my house even before I had gotten
home from school. When I walked into the house, he had stopped at the store
and had bought us milk and cookies. Eagerly, I put my coat into my room and
returned to the kitchen where I joined him. As we ate, Mark seemed to be pre-
occupied with a thought.

        "What are you thinking about ?" I asked him.

        "Aw, nothin." he replied.

        "Come on..."

        "Oh, allright." he said, finishing the last of his milk. "I was reading
this book that my father had, and it was about a guy who took this woman pri-
soner."

        "Yea..." I asked, as he drifted off in thought again.

        "Cari, have you ever thought of being captured, and being someone's
prisoner ?" he said, looking deadly serious.

        "Uh, no." I answered, just a little scared at the thought of it. "Why
do you ask ?"

        He thought for a moment. "We can try playing a game like that if you
want to."

        Now it was my turn to think. "What did this guy do to the woman ?"

        Mark seemed to be getting uncomfortable. "It's hard to explain." he
said, "I would really have to show you."

        Again, I thought. Mark was always there for me, never asking for any-
thing, and just wanting to be my friend. I really didn't see any reason for
me to worry, besides, it had been pretty boring around here.

        "Ok, lets play." I said.

        A smile came over Mark's face. "Great !" and with that, he got up
from the table and went to the cabinet under the sink, where there was some
cord wound in a ball.

        "Whats that for ?" I asked him.

        "You'll see."

        Mark asked me to get changed out of my school clothes and into some-
thing old. So, looking in my closet, I found an old brown safari dress that
buttoned down the front. I quickly put it on and re-joined him in the living
room.

        "Now what ?" I asked.

        "Ok, make believe you are watching TV and I'll sneak into the house
and get you." he said, smiling.

        Mark quietly left the room, and I went over to the TV, turning it on,
then sitting on the couch, pretended I was all alone. I was a little scared,
but, at the same time, was a little excited. Suddenly, Mark grabbed me from
behind the couch, his hand on my throat.

        "Don't move, or I'll kill you." he said, in a frightening voice.

        I sat motionless on the couch. He moved to the front of me, then
pushed me down into a laying position. He scooped me up from the couch, very
gently carrying me into the kitchen.

        While I had been changing, he had cleared the table. He carried me to
the empty table and put me down.

        "Make believe you passed out." he said, so I closed my eyes.

        He picked up my right arm, and dropped it. Remembering I was supposed
to be passed out, I let it fall to my side. As I peeked one eye open, I could
see Mark was smiling. He went to my feet, then pulled me down towards him,
until he had centered me on the table top. He moved to my head and took my arms
and placed them over my head, spread to each corner of the table. A moment
later, I could feel the cord being wrapped around my left wrist. I heard a pair
of scissors snipping at the cord, then watched out of squinted eyes as he tied
the end to the table leg.

        Mark did the same to my other wrist, just as quickly and silently. I
heard him walk to the bottom of the table, then felt his hands wrap around my
slender ankles. Slowly, he spread my legs wide apart. I could feel the cool
October air rush up between my legs. He slipped off my shoes and socks. I had
wanted to say something, but, I was becoming more excited as he went along. I
felt the cord wrap around my right ankle, then my left. He tied each end to the
table leg. And when he was through, I was lying there, spread eagled on the
kitchen table.

        I went to move, but found that Mark had tied me much tighter than I
had expected. I opened my eyes and Mark was standing over me. I was totally
defensless to his every desire, and that was giving me a tingling sensation
in the pit of my stomach down between my legs. Silently, Mark reached to the
top button of my dress, and unbuttoned it.

        "MARK !" I said, rather pissed off. Mark stood there with a look of
disappointment on his face.

        "Come on, it's only a game." he said.

        I looked at him, then lowered my head back to the table. Ok, I had
thought to myself, 'let's see how far this goes.'

        He reached for the second button, and slowly unbuttoned it. He con-
tinued, until the dress was completely unbuttoned. I could feel the coolness
of the air brushing against the small line of now exposed skin between the
flaps of my dress. I was becoming more frightened, and more excited, the tin-
gling became more intense. Slowly, he slid his hands inside of my dress, part-
ing the material. Beneath the dress I was wearing a training bra, which, bec-
ause of my size, wasn't covering much, and a pair of white cotton panties. The
cool air was taking it's toll on my nipples, which were hardening under the
strain of the flimsy bra.

        I looked up at Mark. He had this weird look on his face. His hand moved
to my heaving breast. He gently caressed the rock hard nipple with his palm. It
felt incredible, like an electric shock through my body. I moaned. Mark then
took the scissors in his hand, and inserted the blade into the sleeve of the
dress, cutting it to the collar. He went to the other sleeve, doing the same
thing, then, putting the scissors down onto the table, he pulled the remains
of the dress from off of my now shivering body, leaving only in bra and pant-
ies.

        Mark didn't stop there. He picked up the scissors again, and inserted
the blade into the strap of my bra. With a quick snip, it was cut. And, in a
moment later, so was the other. He slid the blade between mt breasts, and a
snip, and my bra was in pieces. This too, he pulled from my body. His hands
moved to the small mounds of my breasts. I instinctively tried to move my
arm to push his hand away, but, I was unable to move. I began to squirm and
struggle at the cord that bound me, but, it was no use. The sight of me str-
uggling made Mark even more excited. He took the nipple of my left breast be-
tween his thumb and forefinger, pinching it slightly. I bit my lip in pain,
but, didn't cry out. My toes arched outward, my ankles struggling at the cord.

        Mark moved his lips to my right breast, taking my nipple into his
mouth. I had never felt this way before. There was a burning between my legs,
one that seemed to get worse every moment that passed. His hand moved to the
softness of my stomach, his finger toying at my belly button, which protruded
slightly. Then his hand moved lower, to the waistband of my panties. His hand
slid beneath them, down to my hairless cunny. He slid his finger over my small
opening, gently massaging the soft petals of my cunny lips.

        Playing with myself was nothing new for me. It was a way of passing the
time when I was alone. But, with Mark touching the spot that had only previ-
ously been touched by me was even more exciting. I felt his finger part my
small petals to my tight little hole. His finger darted in and out, but, it was
just too tight for him.

        He slid his hand out from my panties, and raised his head. By this
time, I was well on my way to coming. He picked up the scissors again and
slid the blade beneath the waistband of my panties to the side. He snipped,
the material giving way easily, then he snipped the other side, pulling the
panties from me with the other hand. Mark then got on the table, straddling
me. He outstreached his arms to my bound wrists, carressing me from my arms,
to my breasts, then sliding off the end of the table, moving down my body to
my ankles. He slowly moved his tongue to my ankle, then licking upward, worked
his way up my leg, to the inner part of my thigh, finding my pussy open to his
attack.

        I felt that I was losing my mind. My hips gyrated to each move of his
tongue. He licked my small hole, down as far as he could, then moved upward
once again. He darted his tongue to the entry of my virgin puss, gaining a
little. Then I came. I began to writhe on top of the table, being held only
by the cord. I felt the perspiration all over my body. Mark stopped, worried
that perhaps he had hurt me, but, seeing the expression on my face, he knew
all too well that I was thoroughly enjoying it.

        He moved from the table, then began to open his pants. I began to get
frightened once again, for I had never seen the private parts of any boy
before. In a moment, he stood naked from the waist down. He moved to where my
head was, brushed the hair that was sticking to my cheek away, then placed his
dick close to my mouth.

        "Open." he said.

        Obiediently, I opened my mouth. There was a clear fluid coming from the
head, which tasted salty, but, not too unpleasant.

        "Suck on it." he commanded.

        I closed my lips around the head of his cock. He pushed foward, slip-
ping his shaft into my mouth. I sucked hard, but, was careful not to bite him.
Several times he thrust himself deeply, almost choking me. He continued to
move in an in and out motion. I felt him getting harder, his dick throbbing in
my mouth. He moved his hand to my breast, massaging it gently. I continued to
suck.

        When he came, it was a surprise. I felt the hot sticky liquid shoot to
the back of my throat. I felt myself gagging, but fought desperately not to
let it show. I was exhausted, feeling my arms and legs aching. Mark pulled his
now limp cock from my mouth. I laid back on the table, no longer struggling at
the cords.

        Mark moved quickly, cutting the cords from my wrists and ankles, then
cutting what was left off of the table legs. He took the cord and what remained
of my clothing and placed it into a trash bag. He moved to the side of the
table and picked me up, carrying my limp, exhausted body to my room. He laid
me on my bed, then left the room for a moment. When he returned, he had his
clothes in his hand, as well as the K-Y Jelly from the bathroom.

        He climbed onto the bed with me. I had enough, but, was too weak to
fight him off. He slid himself between my legs, then laid on top of me. I
could feel the head of his cock pressed against my virgin pussy. He slowly
pushed. His hand was aligning him, but, I was still too tight for him. I
spread my legs as far apart as I could, but still, no luck.

        Mark then laid on his side, laying my legs across him. He took the
K-Y Jelly and spread it over the once again throbbing head of his cock. He
took what remained on his finger and slid it to my hairless cunny. His finger,
with the added lubrication began to slip into my tight hole. He coated the
inside of my pussy with the Jelly, then moved himself into position. As his
cock pressed to my cunny hole, I could feel the head slowly going into me. It
was a little painful, but, I lay there, motionless. He pushed again, I could
feel the small head of his dick inside me now. Instad of pulling out, Mark
continued pushing foward, going deeper inside of me. He reached my hymen, and
with a thrust, took my virginity. I cried out in pain, but, Mark was too wrap-
ped up in the whole thing to pay any attention.

        He cupped his hand over my mouth to stop any more of my crying. He
began to thrust deeper, moving rythmically. Soon, it began to feel good. I
could feel the burning once again deep inside of me. My hips began to follow
Mark's rythmn, to the point that at each thrust, he was buried inside of me.
I came first, jerking around the bed as though I were in a spasm. Mark's
hand moved to my breast again, pinching at my nipple. The pain was causing me
to move into still another orgasm. I arched my legs up. Mark pulled out only
for a moment, then positioned himself between my legs, lying on top of me. He
took my legs and pushed them upward, till my knees were almost touching my
shoulders. He went inside me again, pushing hard. He continued onward, till I
could feel his dick spasming inside of me, which made me come once again. When
he was through, he fell lifeless on top of me, both of us being exhausted. We
finally got up the strength to get up and dress, clearing up the house just
in time for my parents arrival.

        It was a "unique" afternoon for Mark and I. Which led to many other
afternoon games.......

(To see Cari-2.txt, leave a note on your BBS)

