"Loving Cari & Her Friends" by Craver
     
     My wife Cari is a real fox, especially for a woman
her age.  Cari is 38, but in excellent condition with a
body that won't quit.  She has big tits, long legs, a firm
belly, and long, dark hair that hangs down to the
middle of her back.  She's also the sexiest woman alive. 
I'm a very lucky guy, and I know it.  Hey, how would
you like a wife who loves it when you fuck other
women?  Pretty good deal, huh?  Why, you might ask,
would my wife allow me to have sex with other
females?  Because I always include her, that's why.  
     I'm strictly a blue collar kind of guy, and Cari is a
blue collar kind of babe.  Sex is our major
entertainment.  We don't play golf or tennis, or do any
of those other cutesy country club things for
enjoyment.  Instead, we fuck.  Ourselves, and other
people.
     I'm a foreman for a local construction company,
one of those guys for whom an office job would be like
a prison sentence.  We build houses for suburban
developments on the north side of Atlanta.  I love
working outside, building houses, getting dirty and
sweaty, except when I have to deal with some of the
prissy rich housewives while building their houses for
them.  Some of these bitches are a real pain in the ass. 
Others, however, get real excited over the chance for
a fuck with a real man.  More than once I've allowed
myself to be "used" by these broads when they go
slumming with one of us bare chested construction
guys.  Yeah, I fuck 'em, but on one condition only.  They
have to let me bring Cari along, or come home with
me so she can play, too.  You see, my hot, horny wife is
bisexual.
     Sometimes Cari is the one to bring home a babe
for us.  Take last night, for instance.  It was a Saturday
night, and we had nothing special planned, other than
to fuck, of course.  I had just taken an early evening
shower, and it was around 6:00 or so.  I heard Cari pull
into the garage, so I walked into the kitchen to get us a
couple beers.  I was naked, and still damp from the
shower.  Cari came into the kitchen from the garage,
and startled me when she brought this cute fox with
her.  There I was, standing with a beer in each hand,
and a dick hanging between my legs.
     "See, Gail, I told you he was well hung.
     "Wow!"she gasped, staring at my naked cock,
giving me a rush of excitement in my loins.
     "Long enough, kid.  I don't think you'll be
disappointed.  Bart, meet Gail.  She's a new waitress at
Jilly's.  I met her today when some of went there for
lunch, and liked her right away.  I guess you can see
why.  We talked alone after the other girls left, and,
well, one thing led to another and here she is.  Isn't she
a doll?"
     She sure was.  She was probably 19 or 20 or so,
but had one of those little girl bodies that made her
look like a young girl.  She was short, around 5'1" or so,
with small tits, and this innocent little girl look, the kind
that drives Cari and me nuts.
     "Nice to meet you, Gail," I smiled, not trying to
hide my growing cock.  She didn't even seem to hear
me, she was staring at my dick so intently.  "Have a
beer?" I asked, handing her a can.
     "What-- oh, oh yeah, thanks," she said, taking the
can from me, then looking back down at my cock
again.
     "Bart, let's just take her to bed, right now.  I'm so
horny to taste her little pussy I can't stand it," Cari said,
leading Gail by the shoulders back to our bedroom.  I
walked beside them, and put my arm around Gail's
waist, letting my hand drop to her ass, fondling her as
we walked.  She fucking cooed.  Really.  She sounded
just like I was scratching the belly of a new, little puppy
or something, and all the while she just kept staring at
my dick like it was the greatest thing she'd ever seen.
     In the bedroom, Cari and I undressed Gail, then
Cari took her clothes off.  Gail was so fucking delicate,
so tiny, I felt like we were going to bed with a little kid. 
She even had her pussy shaved bare, and her tits
weren't much bigger than mine, but her nipples were a
lot bigger.  And harder.  The fucking things stuck out at
least a half inch, maybe more.  I bent over and sucked
on one while Cari sucked the other one, and Gail got
so hot so quick we had to hold her to keep her from
falling.  Her fucking knees actually buckled, and I
thought she might faint.
     I carried her over to the bed, and lay her on her
back.  She looked up at us, first Cari, then me, then
made a few more of those sexy little mewing sounds
and slowly spread her legs apart for us.  I was playing
with my dick now, and the poor kid was so hot she just
couldn't stop staring at it.
     "Want to taste it?" I asked, and she said in a
strangled voice that she did.  I climbed up on the bed
next to her, while Cari crawled between the hot little
thing's thighs.  When I slid my cock inside Gail's mouth,
Cari bent down and started sucking on the little bare
baby cunt.  I watched my wife eating the kid's pussy,
and felt my cock swelling up so big it almost burst.
     Gail continued making little squeaks and
moaning sounds while we used her as we pleased. 
Suddenly I wanted to see how nasty this chick was, so I
took my cock out of her mouth and started jerking off
right there, next to her face.  She just looked up at me,
her eyes on fire, and opened her mouth, sticking out
her tongue like a little baby bird waiting to be fed.
     "You want me to come on your tongue?" I
asked, and she nodded her head, afraid for one
second to even close her mouth to answer me.  "Okay,
here it comes," I grunted, letting go.  My cum flew out
of my cock in huge spurts, landing on her outstretched
tongue until a puddle formed there.  Then, while I was
still coming, Gail closed her mouth and began eating
it, actually chewing my gobs of cum as I continued to
spurt more on her lips and chin.
     "Fucking unbelievable," I moaned, wiping my
cock through the cum on her lips.  She swallowed, then
cried out, and exploded in climax, crying out for my
wife to suck her harder, to bite her, to hurt her.  I
reached down and pinched her nipple and she
screamed with delight, begging me to do it harder.  I
did, and tears instantly formed in her eyes.  
     "YES!  DO IT!  PINCH ME.  SLAP ME.  I LOVE IT!" she
screamed.  I did as she requested, slapping her face,
not too hard, just enough to sting her, and she loved
that, too.  Cari began slapping the girl's ass, and she
responded to that, too, telling her to hit her harder. 
She was a fucking inferno, and I realized we could do
anything we wanted to her and she'd love it.
     After Cari finished eating her, Gail sucked my
balls, then tongued my asshole until my cock got hard
again.  When I was ready, I climbed on top of her and
fucked her while Gail sat on the girl's face.  We kissed
while we hugged each other, as I fucked the shit out of
the tight little pussy underneath me.
     "Oh fuck, Bart, she's sliding her tongue up inside
my pussy.  The little minx is fucking me with her tongue,"
Cari gasped, wiping her cunt back and forth across the
girl's face.
     "Make her eat your ass.  She loves it," I gasped,
and my wife moved forward, spreading her ass cheeks
so Gail could tongue-fuck my wife's anus.
     "Uhhh!  Oh shit, she's doing it.  She's pressing her
tongue inside my ASSSSSS!" Cari screamed, her fingers
flying over her swollen clit in a blur, as her orgasm
erupted.  "COME IN HER, BABY.  I WANT TO EAT YOUR
CUM OUT OF HER SWEET LITTLE PUSSY!" Cari screeched,
and I pressed forward into the young cunt and let go,
filling her with another load of my cum.  I didn't come
as much this time as I had on her tongue, but I still shot
off enough to made her pussy all sticky.  Then I backed
out and watched as Cari fell forward, burying her face
in Gail's cunt, licking and sucking my jism out of this
sweet young thing's pussy.  It was fucking fantastic to
see, and I felt my cock twitching again even though I
had just finished coming.
     Later that evening I fucked Gail in the ass and
Cari ate my cum out of that opening, too.  Gail said
she'd never had such a wonderful time, and we invited
her to stay over night with us.  The next morning, we
took her into the bathroom and made her lay in the
tub masturbating while we drenched her with our early
morning golden shower, and the little bitch loved that,
too.  There just doesn't seem to be anything she won't
do, willingly, and we're actually thinking of asking her
to move in with us.  Who knows, she just might do it....
