                                   CARL
                                   ----
     
     
     Leopard JockStrap?  Here? At Olympus!? Well, I ain't complaining,
     but someone might...
     
     "Fluorescent Leopard  JockStrap ...  Recommended by Doctors." Why
     would  doctors  want  to  recommend  fluorescent  JockStraps?  Oh
     well... I  hunted out my size and un-hooked it from the rail... I
     looked around  the shop  to see there were only six people in the
     shop, one  customer (me)  and five  staff... my gaze then shifted
     back to  the guy at the counter, towards which I was now heading.
     He was 6'2"+, blonde and maybe about 20-ish. I placed my intended
     possession onto  the counter, he picked it up, shot a small smile
     at me, and then said; "If you wouldn't mind waiting a moment sir,
     I must just go and check something with this article."
     
     He disappeared  into a  back room, so I decided to have a look at
     the rest  of the  staff. It  was Thursday afternoon, and they had
     nothing better  to do  than to  chat each other up. Two guys, two
     girls -  all in  sports gear  (but what do you expect in a sports
     shop?  And   they  weren't   very  interesting   either  -  quite
     traditional, actually - not even kinky! Oh well...
     
     The blonde arrived back, with a cheeky grin on his face He picked
     up a  bag from  behind the  counter, and slipped the box into it,
     pausing slightly,  which brought  my attention  to the  piece  of
     paper inside  the box  which read  "URGENT". I flashed a puzzled,
     acknowledging look  back at  him, and  he said "That's six ninety
     nine, please,  sir." I  placed a  ten pound  note on  the counter
     "Thank you, sir, here's your change. Call again soon."
     
     He finished,  with another  grin, and  a touch  of irony  to  his
     voice. I  picked up  the bag  and my change the headed out of the
     shop, glancing  at the  rest of  the staff,  who hadn't seemed to
     notice I  was there.  I also  looked at my watch - it read 13:15.
     Lunchtime!
     
     McDonalds was  my next  port of  call. Having received my food, I
     then set  about trying  to find  the quietest (which wasn't hard,
     there were only about four other customers about, and one of them
     a wino  who was  about to  be thrown  out, so...)  and  the  most
     private corner  in the  whole place. Now, this WAS hard! Have you
     ever tried  to find  a private  corner in  McDonalds besides  the
     toilet  booths?  Those  places  are  designed  for  you  to  feel
     vulnerable while  eating, if  you are  all alone. I found a place
     that was  just about  good  enough:  upstairs,  hiding  behind  a
     plastic rubber plant.
     
     I finally  let my  curiosity get the better of me Putting down my
     half-eaten Quarter  Pounder, I  quickly pulled  the box  from the
     Olympus bag  and, having  opened it,  three things  came  out:  A
     black-and-pink 'Athletic  Support'; a  folded piece of paper with
     "URGENT"  written   on  it;  and  the  pink-and-black  packaging.
     Replacing the  JockStrap and  packing, I  unfolded the  piece  of
     paper. This is what it said.
     
               Hi there!
               
               You may  consider me  totally  disgusting  in
               placing a  message into the packaging of your
               JockStrap, and if so, DO NOT READ any more of
               this letter.  Put it  into the nearest litter
               bin.
     
     (I read on...)
     
               So -  you have  decided to  carry on reading.
               You have  just purchased  a very  interesting
               article of  clothing, and  I was wondering if
               you might  like to try it on ... soon ... and
               maybe with some help?
               
               OK, so  you now  think I  AM disgusting,  but
               please don't  take  this  to  my  manager.  I
               risked my job in the hope that you might want
               to  meet.   Also,  I  think  you  bought  the
               JockStrap to  attract attention  and to  show
               off. If  so, come back to the shop, and go to
               the  'accessories'   stand  (where   all  the
               JockStraps and  ankle protectors  are), and I
               will  meet   you  there  so  we  can  arrange
               something.
               
               Carl.
     
     What  the  hell!  -  I  HAD  bought  that  JockStrap  to  attract
     attention.  I   finished  my  meal  quickly,  then  walked  (read
     "sprinted"!) back  to Olympus.  As I  entered the  shop, I looked
     around to  see four  large families,  each trying to buy matching
     trainers for  all of  their kids.  There were  now six staff, and
     Carl saw  me and  moved towards  the accessory stand. I walked to
     join him,  and decided  to make  'the first  move'. "Hi! Got your
     note."
     
     "Yes, um, you didn't think..."
     
     "No, I'd love to meet. Where?"
     
     His face  lit up,  and it  made me think ... maybe he wasn't that
     old. I  now reckoned about nineteen ... so he was now only a year
     older than  me ... and he had a beautiful 'public school' accent.
     He replied, "Well, what about the city leisure centre?"
     
     "Yeah, fine by me. What time?"
     
     "I get  off shift at two. I'll meet you outside the centre at two
     oh five,"  and then,  as one of the children approached, "No, I'm
     sorry sir,  we don't  stock  the  fluorescent  green  ones,  only
     fluorescent pink,  but they're  just as good to tee-off with." He
     grinned again,  and went to help the small boy locate the rest of
     his family.  On leaving,  I glanced  at my  watch -  the time was
     13:49, so  I ambled  my way  slowly across  town to  the  leisure
     centre, arriving at two o'clock.
     
     Carl arrived  exactly on  time, he  was wearing  black  tracksuit
     trousers and  a white  Olympus T-shirt, and carrying a large blue
     "Head" bag. It was his turn to start the conversation. "Hi there,
     I see you made it," he grinned, motioning inside. "Well, shall we
     go swimming then?"
     
     "Yeah, sure." I answered enthusiastically.
     
     Then he smiled, and said "By the way, I don't know your name!"
     
     I laughed, and answered "Jon, as in Jonathon."
     
     "OK, Jon, as in Jonathon, let's go inside."
     
     We went  up the large stone steps and walked in. The woman at the
     cash desk barely noticed us. "Yes Luv?"
     
     "Uh, two, for swimming please."
     
     "That's two pound thirty, Luv."
     
     "OK, here you go, thanks."
     
     Carl picked  up the  tickets and  locker tags, and I followed him
     into the  changing rooms.  As changing  rooms go, they were quite
     normal: white  tiles, wooden  benches, the  sweet smell of sweat,
     nothing unusual - except for the absence of private booths, which
     was really  quite fun.  There were  three others in there besides
     Carl and  Myself -  listening to their conversations, I found out
     that their names were Dave, Andy and Ian.
     
     They were all about fifteen or sixteen, and quite well developed.
     Dave was  5'9", quite  white, and wearing white Y-Fronts. He also
     had wet  hair. I  realised they had all been swimming already ...
     so my  hopes of  seeing one  of them nude were dashed, I thought.
     Andy, however,  still  had  his  swim  trunks  on.  White  Speedo
     'Bikini' style - very fetching.
     
     At that  moment, I  realised I  had no  trunks or towel. About to
     mention this  to Carl, he produced a pair of black Bikini Trunks,
     and a  towel. "Here  you go,"  he said,  grinning (as ever). "You
     might need  these!" Having  turned to  focus my attention back to
     Andy, I  saw him  drop his  trunks and turn toward the wall. Nice
     arse... Carl  nudged me.  "Just off to the john, Jon!" he said. I
     acknowledged.
     
     And then  Ian. Wow! He was 6' plus, lightly tanned, and very well
     hung. He  had only  just walked in, having been in the shower, so
     of course  he was  nude. He was rather hairy, had a very muscular
     body and  a large  penis, which  was uncut. He flashed a smile at
     me, picked up his towel, turned around and started to dry off.
     
     Where was  Carl? I decided to go and locate him, and I walked off
     toward the  toilet area,  where I  saw him having a pee He turned
     around and smiled at me. I suddenly felt an urge for a urination.
     Both of  us having  finished, we  returned to  the main  changing
     area, and went toward our 'spot'.
     
     There was  no-one else  in the room any more, and I now turned to
     Carl. He  undid the buttons of his T-shirt, and pulled it up over
     his head  and put  it into his bag. He then sat down and took off
     his Reeboks  and socks  (I decided to remove my shoes and sock at
     this point  too). He  had a  gorgeously smooth  chest, with  very
     muscular arms, and a hairy navel.
     
     He put  his thumbs  together, then  down between his body and his
     trousers -  and he  then moved his thumbs around to his sides. He
     pushed his  trousers down  quickly, stepped  out of  them and put
     them into  his bag.  Now he  turned to  face me, he had a Leopard
     JockStrap on  ... and  he was  huge! He  stood with his legs open
     directly in front of me and said, "What do you think?"
     
     I leant forwards and planted a kiss on his navel ... then stepped
     back. His legs were just as muscular as the rest of his body, and
     they were  slightly hairy too. He spun around, he had a very good
     arse. Lightly tanned and very smooth. I kissed his back.
     
     "Your turn"  he said, now facing me, evidently comfortably erect.
     I undid  the buttons  on my shirt, then removed it and faced him,
     all I  was now  wearing was  my Levi 501's, no briefs. He waited.
     Slowly, I  unbuttoned my  flies, then  pushed  my  501's  to  the
     ground, stepped out of them and looked him straight in the eye.
     
     He knelt  down, still  keeping eye  contact, and slowly kissed my
     penis, carefully  pushing his  tongue into  my foreskin,  then he
     stood up  and removed  his JockStrap.  He WAS  huge! I then knelt
     down and  kissed him  exactly the  same way.  "Plenty of time for
     more of  that after  we've swum"  he said,  and reached  for  his
     trunks. I pulled on the black trunks he'd given me, and carefully
     folded myself into them - not that they were too small, but I was
     very big, thanks to him.
     
     We walked  to our  lockers, putting our stuff away, then out into
     the pool.  He made  a perfect  racing dive (straight legs & arms)
     and went  storming off  up to the deep end. I, on the other hand,
     was more  interested in  the bodies  about! I counted just twelve
     people in  the pool  area, not  including the life-guards or Carl
     (or myself):  seven female,  five male. The females were a group,
     they were all about 14 and boring ... giggling and staring (well,
     I didn't  mind the staring, in fact, I made quite a show, but the
     giggling! eugh!).  The males?  There were three old guys having a
     leisurely swim,  and two  boys also about 14 who appeared to know
     the group of 'girlies'.
     
     Anyway, Carl  and I then spent the next hour or so swimming after
     each other. The first time he caught me, he pulled my trunks down
     and rubbed me up slightly, then put me back again ... nobody saw.
     We saw  the departure  of all those who had been in the pool when
     we got  in, and  the arrival  of a  Women's Institute group (read
     "gang"!) who  spent their  time eying  us up as much as possible.
     This also spoilt our fun. Three hunky guys also came in, but they
     looked straighter  than a  Roman Road. They left, and we followed
     about three minutes after.
     
     As we  walked back into the changing rooms, Carl whispered "Well,
     this is  where the fun starts! Let's hurry into the showers." And
     with that,  I hurried. Carl didn't follow, though: he went to his
     locker and  brought something  out (good  lockers here, you could
     open them again and again rather than having to pay money).
     
     The three  guys were  in the  showers. They  were all, as I said,
     hunks, and  peeking around the corner of the shower wall, I could
     see they were also all wanking off. A very nice sight it was too,
     but as  soon as  I rounded  the corner  with  an  erection,  they
     disappeared ... obviously shy.
     
     Carl walked  up behind  me and kissed the back of my neck Then he
     started to  massage my anus with K-Y Jelly. He went on to massage
     my balls,  then as he knelt down in front of me, I could see that
     his penis,  huge between  his thighs, was now touching the floor.
     He carefully started to suck me off, tenderly licking my foreskin
     back ...  and starting  to suck. My hands went to the side of his
     head, to slowly pull him back and forth along my shaft. The water
     was everywhere, refreshing me, but I was feeling good anyway.
     
     He was still massaging my anus with K-Y, and on the floor I could
     see the K-Y tube, and a silver foil package - condoms, of course!
     I was  slowly  starting  to  climax,  he  realised,  and  stopped
     everything he  was doing, suddenly and completely. I almost came,
     but managed to settle down He ordered me to kneel down ... it was
     his turn.
     
     He stood  in front of me, and, as I was kneeling down, he towered
     above me. I took his penis into my mouth just as slowly as he had
     mine. He took hold of my head ... I started to carefully lick the
     very tip  of his  penis. His hands started to get quite forceful,
     slowly pulling  me back  and forth,  as  I  had  now  licked  his
     foreskin back as far as it would go. He tasted just as good as he
     looked. He  started to  moan, and  I reached  down to  the floor,
     picked up  the K-Y  Jelly in  my free hand, and slowly started to
     massage some into his anus. His hands got more forceful...
     
     I stopped,  picked up  the pack  of condoms  and  stood  up.  Our
     penises touched. "Carl, I want to fuck you."
     
     "Mmmmmm, please do." He replied, and turned around.
     
     I unsealed  one of  the condoms,  and rolled  it down  my  penis.
     Kissing the  small of  his back,  I entered  him. We both groaned
     very loudly,  and he  opened his legs as far as he could. I began
     to slowly  move back and forth inside him. His huge hands held my
     thighs, and  I then  grabbed his  penis, slowly wanking him off -
     and I still had some K-Y on my hand...
     
     The grunting  and groaning hadn't gone unnoticed, and two fifteen
     year olds started to peer round the corner. I climaxed! It had to
     be the  most amazing  orgasm I'd  ever had.  The two fifteen year
     olds walked in, and started to wank off, staring at us.
     
     "What are  you looking  at?"  Carl  said  (his  voice  only  just
     steady).
     
     "Uh, nothing!"
     
     "Come here."
     
     The boys  approached. I  knelt down  in front of the guy with the
     biggest penis,  and took  it into  my mouth.  He came in my mouth
     thirty seconds  later, just  before his  friend, who  had had the
     same treatment from Carl. They left.
     
     "Oh well, they were rather bor..." I said, but was interrupted by
     Carl, who had suddenly entered me. I made a large groaning sound,
     and just  relaxed into  apoplexy. He  had a hold of my penis, and
     was wanking me in rhythm with his shafting ... back and forth, as
     he started to moan. I was no longer there. We climaxed together!
     
     After disengaging,  we showered  down and relaxed. I had just had
     the most  amazing experience.  We went  to our lockers to get our
     clothes, then  back to the same spot where we had first undressed
     together. I  got off with him, we both had the fifteen year olds'
     cum still  in our mouths... We wanked... Then we dried off, and I
     pulled on my new jock.
     
     "Beautiful," said Carl. "Fancy a sauna?"
     
     But that's another story...
