Archive-name: Family/carol-2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Cousin Carol - Chapter 2


The morning after our first sexual exploration -- the night my cousin Carol
and I watched our sitter and her boyfriend suck and fuck and the night my
young cousin first sucked my six-year-old penis and let me play with her
ten-year-old pussy -- I was a little afraid to face her.  Even though she
was only ten years old, I was afraid I would get in trouble.  But she woke
up as I was getting down from the top bunk and gave me a huge grin.

"That was fun, wasn't it?" she smiled at me.  I knew then that everything
was going to be all right.

From that day on, Carol and I "played around" whenever we could.  For
example, whenever Carol stayed over at our house, we would try to take
our baths together.  When adults were out of the bathroom, Carol took
a special interest in washing my prick and my balls.  Using a washcloth
at first, and then just her hand, she would stroke my crotch until the
stimulation made my little prick stand up stiff.  Then she would run her
soapy fist up and down my shaft, giving me a warm, tingly sensation all
over my body.  I was too young to cum, but the feeling was wonderful,
nonetheless.

Many's the time I was forced to splash down when my mom or Carol's mom
came back in the bathroom, in order to hide my stiff little cock.  Sometimes
I got the impression that they knew what was going on, because I could
see their eyes get wide as they looked through the soapy water at my red
and rigid little prong.  But neither Carol's mom nor mine ever said
anything.

I would do the same for Carol's pussy.  With her standing up in the tub, I
would soap my hands and wash all over the outside and the inside of her
slit, running my fingers from her butthole to the front of her pussy.  She
taught me to pay special attention to the little button at the top of her
valley.  When I rubbed it, the fleshy fold would turn into a hard ridge
and a bright pink knob would appear.  Carol made me keep running my soapy
fingers all over her ridge and knob until she clamped her knees together
and collapsed in the bathtub.  She told me I had just given her a cum and
she would grin at me crazily to let me know she really appreciated it.

I know now that my cousin was obsessed with sex.  She was always looking
for a chance to see somebody naked, to spy on her parents when they were
fucking, to walk into the bathroom while my dad was peeing so she could
see his dick -- anything connected with sex was just fascinating to her.
She also liked to show herself off to grown-up men.

Carol had lots of tricks for showing grown-ups her pussy.  For example,
I had seen her wear a real loose bathing suit at the swimming pool and
sit on the side of the pool with her heels on the little rim beneath
the edge.  When a man -- often a father playing with his kids -- would
glance over at her, Carol would casually splay her legs so the man
got a good look at the vertical slit winking between her hairless
pussy lips.  Or she would sit in the backward-facing seat of our
station wagon, pull her shorts and underpants down to her knees, and
kneel on the seat to talk to my parents in the front seat -- showing
off her bare butt to some guy in the car behind.

Carol told me about one particularly eventful afternoon several years
earlier when she first found out about cumming.
                               
She was working on her homework one day while her mother was having an
afternoon coffee for some women in the neighborhood.  Carol was upstairs
at her desk in her room when she heard someone humming outside her window.
Looking out, she saw that a repairman was fixing some wiring on the power
pole only a few feet from her window.  Fastened by a big leather belt to
the pole, he was whistling and humming a tune as he spliced together some
cables.  His position on the pole put his head just above Carol's window.

Immediately, Carol saw an opportunity to show another grownup her naked
charms.  Hurrying to her closet, she quickly skinned out of her jeans
and put on a frilly dress, leaving her underpants off.  Returning to
the window, she leaned out and spoke to the repairman.

"Hi!  What are you doing?" she said.

The man jumped at her voice, but turned a warm smile down to the little
girl in the window beside his perch.

"I'm upgrading the electric service of your next-door neighbor," he said.

Getting right to the point, Carol asked him, "Do you like my dress?"

"Well it looks like a very pretty dress, I suppose, but I don't know
much about little girls' clothes."

"Do you like what's under my dress?" asked Carol, lifting the hem to
display her naked pussy.

She told me the repairman's eyes glowed with appreciation at the lewd
sight.  "Now that is something I know about, and you have a real cute
little pussy there," he said.  "Are you alone in your house?"

"No," said Carol, "my mother and her friends are all downstairs, though,
so you can look all you want."

"Well," said the man, "I do like to look, but I'm just about through with
my splicing, so I have to get back down soon.  What else do you want to
show me?"

Carol said she was puzzled, because she couldn't think of anything else
to show the man; her shows to date had been limited to displaying her
bottom and pussy.  But her perplexity must have shown on her face,
because the reapirman had a suggestion.

"Why don't you lie down on the floor next to the window where I can see
you and spread your legs wide and pull your pussy lips open so I can see
the insides of your little cunt?"

This was fine with Carol, so she did just what he asked, opening her
thin thighs in a veritable split and pulling the soft flesh open to show
the repairman her most secret place.  She told me the man smiled even
more broadly.

"Now rub yourself down there," directed the man outside her window.

Carol said she had been rubbing herself for several years.  But now, under
the repairman's direction, she modified her then-normal whole-crotch rub
to a more sophisticated masturbatory motion, trailing her fingers up and
down the moistening valley that had opened between the hairless lips of
her eight-year-old pussy.  As he told her to, she again pulled her cuntlips
open, showing him the wet pink flesh of her virginal furrow.  When the
lineman suggested that she concentrate her rubbing at the top of her
slot, Carol found the nubbin of her clittie harder and more sensitive
than ever before.  She said she began enjoying this display more than
any of her other experiences.

"Now," said the repairman, "I guess you want to see mine, too."

In fact, she had seen the "things" of other men and boys, but Carol
found herself wanting very much to see the repairman display himself
to her.

"Stand up and come over by the window so you can see my dick," he said.
"I want you to rub your pussy while I jack off for you."

Carol said she immediately scrambled to her feet and stepped to the
window.  Her skirt was bunched under her arms, and both hands were
busy in the inflamed valley between her legs.  As she watched, the
repairman released his steel-hard prick.  Carol said she found the
twitching half-foot of flesh fascinating.  The told me the velvety
head contrasted with the sculpted, veiny look of the pink shaft.
Still talking rapidly to her in a frenzy of filth, the man wrapped his
hand around his cock and began to stroke the loose skin up and down,
covering and uncovering the mushroom head that was beginning to ooze
with moisture.

"You're a hot little girl to be showing me your pussy and masturbating
while I watch.  It makes me so hot I have to shoot my jism.  I want you
to watch and learn how a man makes himself cum."

Carol said she didn't understand all the words he was using, but the
sight of his increasingly rapid stroking was somehow increasing the
intensity of the feelings in her own crotch.  She found her ordinarily-
frilly inner pussy lips now stiff and slimy.  As she watched the
man's straining member disappear again and again into his sliding
fist, her finger began echoing its rhythm on her own distended clit,
pulling the sheath of flesh back and forth over the shiny nubbin of
her most sensitive spot.

"Put your fingers inside your pussy.  Finger-fuck yourself while I watch
you.  Stick a dildo in your asshole like you were being butt-fucked by
some horse-cocked stud.  Look at my cock because I'm just about to get
my cum," mumbled the repairman, now far gone in his own fantasy.

Carol tried to comply with at least one of his requests, holding her
hairless lips open with one hand while pushing the middle finger of her
other into her narrow opening.  But her finger just wouldn't go inside.
However, the sight of her attempt was the last straw for the masturbating
repairman, because he grunted and groaned and spewed his sperm all over
the power pole and the ground below.

"Wow!" he panted.  "You are really a hot little girl.  When you grow up,
maybe we can get together sometime and I'll put my prick inside your
pussy and really make you feel terrific."  With that, he zipped up
his jeans and climbed down the pole.

Carol said she wanted me to do some of those things to her -- once she
found out what a "dildo" was and when we had a chance to really
experiment with sex.  And she wanted some more chances to see a man
spurt that stuff out the end of his cock.

--
