Archive-name: Family/carol-6.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Cousin Carol - Chapter 6


Chapter 6

As I've said before, the more I heard about my young cousin's exploits,
the more I realized she was simply obsessed with sex.  Though she was
only eighteen years old, she seemed to spend a sizeable proportion of her
childhood trying to catch a glimpse of a sex act or someone's sexual parts.
It didn't seem to matter to her if it was a fourteen-year-old neighbor boy
playing in his backyard wading pool, two dogs fucking at the park, a girl
her own age changing her clothes at the swimming pool, a teenage couple
fucking in a parked car, or an old drunk pissing in the alley.  Just to see
a glimpse of genitalia or sexual situations, she spied on her mother and her
father, on my mother and father, and on neighbors and strangers of all ages.
Because of her obsession and her curiosity, I'm sure she saw more nudity
-- and a LOT more sex -- than anyone else in her 12th-grade class.

One of Carol's favorite tricks was to follow people into the woods near her
house, where she could hide to watch a man or woman urinate or a young
couple making love.  She told me there was a lot of sexual stuff going
on in that suburban clump of trees.

An old, abandoned street came off a busy road on the other side from Carol's
house and dead-ended in the middle of the woods.  It was apparently a
popular night-time parking spot for teenagers, but Carol wasn't allowed to
go wandering around the woods after dark.  Still, she apparently managed to
see a lot of interesting and exciting stuff during the daylight hours by
just keeping her eye on the entrance to the woods a half-block from her
front yard.  When she saw someone going into the woods, she would hurry
through her back yard into a maze of paths to spy on promising situations.

Carol said she got a particular kick out of watching one young couple from
the nearby high school who hurried to the woods each and every day after
school to masturbate each other before heading home.  Her enjoyment came
more from the comic nature of their display than any sexual enjoyment she
may have gotten.  If she ran from our highschool, Carol could manage
to be in her hiding place when the two ordinary-looking teenagers stepped
furtively into the clump of trees they had chosen for their afternoon
delight.  Actually, Carol said, there wasn't much to see.  In a matter-of-
fact way, the pimply-faced boy would open his jeans and push his pants down
around his thighs while the girl raised her dress and pulled her underwear
to her knees.  Carol mostly just got a quick glimpse of the girl's hairy
crotch and the boy's half-hard boner before the two of them crashed
together in a fevered embrace, kissing frantically and rubbing each other's
privates.  Depending on which way they were facing, Carol also sometimes saw
the boy's squirting climax, as the girl stroked his creamy seed into the
dirt.  After their mutual orgasms, they both would straighten their clothing
and hurry home.

Although it didn't take much for Carol to find a peek sexually stimulating,
some of the sights she saw back in those woods were hot enough or unusual
enough to go into some kind of sex study.  For example, she told me about
watching one day from a clump of bushes when a taxicab pulled up at the
end of the dead-end street.  A well-dressed woman, wearing lots of
jewelry and looking like something out of "Dallas" or "Dynasty" got out.

Carol was afraid she had been spotted as this gorgeous woman headed right
for her hiding place.  The burly black cab driver was following her.  But
the two stepped behind a tower of thorn bushes that hid them from the road.
As Carol looked on, the beautiful woman smiled and pulled her dress up
around her hips.  She was wearing dark stockings and a red garter belt, but
no underpants.  With a wide grin at her cab driver, she turned away and
leaned her elbows on a large log, presenting her bare backside to him.
As Carol watched breathlessly, the man unzipped his pants and jammed
a huge black cock into the society matron's defenseless pussy.  Then, as
she urged him on in the dirtiest imaginable language, he pulled out his
massive dripping cock and proceeded to fuck her viciously in the butt.  The
harder her slammed into her asshole, the viler the woman's language became,
until Carol couldn't understand her at all.  She told me the man soon
grunted mightily and apparently squirted his stuff into her asshole, the
woman gave him some money and wiped herself off, and the two of them drove
away in the cab as if nothing had happened.

Another time, she saw two teen-aged-boys dance around naked in a
clearing and then suck each others' pricks.  They ran away when she stepped
from her hiding place to join them.  One afternoon, she spied on a real old
woman who paid a teenaged guy to lick her grey-haired pussy.  Carol said the
old woman grunted and moaned from the second the young guy's tongue touched
her, so she was getting her money's worth.

It was also in those neighborhood woods that she saw Dianne Clement, a
neighbor who was about four years older than Carol.  By the time Carol told
me the story, Dianne and her family had already moved to another town.  But
when Carol spotted her in the woods, Dianne was in a secluded clearing,
being photographed by her father.  Carol was just about to step out of her
spying spot to say hello when Dianne pulled up her skirt for her father's
next snapshot!

Carol told me Dianne was about 24 years old then, and was wearing
her uniform from the Catholic school she had attended -- blue-and-white
plaid jumper, white blouse, blue knee socks and black shoes.  Her pale
blonde hair was fixed in two ponytails tied with blue ribbon, making her
look even younger than she really was.

As Carol looked on, Dianne yanked up the hem of her skirt before her
father's camera to reveal the remainder of her costume -- plain white
underpants.  From the splay-legged postures which followed, it was clear
she was displaying her cotton-covered pussy for her father to photograph!

Dianne and her father were too far away for Carol to hear clearly what
they were saying, but the man was fussing with his camera and apparently
giving Dianne posing instructions.  Also, from time to time, he would
look up and glance around to make sure no one was coming along to discover
them.  Carol decided to stay in her hiding place and see what happened.

After a few more panty-crotch shots, Dianne's father moved in closer
with his camera and Dianne began to remove her underpants.  She first
just pulled the cloth to one side to reveal her pussy.  Carol told me
that, despite Dianne's age, it looked like it shaved clean
on the downy lips of her little snatch.  As her father snapped away,
Dianne used her fingers to spread her pussy lips wider and then put
one of her fingers deep inside the reddened hole that was revealed.

Allowing her underwear to cover her crotch once more, Dianne began a
strange, stop-motion striptease, lowering her underpants by degrees,
pausing at each stage so her father could get the best shot possible
of each phase of a young girl undressing.

Carol crept closer to try to see more and to hear what they were saying.
From behind a bush only ten feet from where they stood, Carol could see
and hear everthing that went on in the clearing.

"That's great, honey," said Dianne's father.  "Now pull your panties
down to about the middle of your thighs and hold your skirt up.  Smile
right into the camera."

As the 24-year-old complied with her father's instructions, Carol
looked more closely at Dianne's handsome father.  Being the sexual
observer that she was, Carol naturally immediately noticed the large
projection in the front of his trousers that indicated how excited the
man was -- and how well-endowed by nature.

Suddenly, Dianne's father stood up and said, "Hold it right there, sweetie.
Daddy needs to put some more film in the camera."

As the man fumbled with his camera, Carol noticed that her neighbor Dianne
was stroking her bare slit and looking hungrily at her dad's tented pants.
So Carol knew she was probably going to see some hot sex between the two if
she stayed around long enough.

In a few moments, Dianne's father was ready to shoot some more pictures.
"Hey, honey," he said to his daughter, "don't play with yourself yet.
You know I like to watch everything you do to your little pussy.  But
the guys who buy these pictures like to think you're only about ten or
eighteen years old, so don't start smearing your juices all over your
crotch.  Most teens don't leak that stuff like you do."

As she watched the man and his daughter and listened to their sexy talk,
Carol naturally snaked her own fingers into the oversized leg of her
shorts and began to squeeze and pinch the rubbery flesh of her own sexual
folds.  She watched closely as young Dianne finished removing her cotton
underpants, using the pants to wipe her bare pussy dry.  Dianne then began
to unbutton her white blouse, in a repeat of the stop-motion pattern that
allowed her father to photograph each stage of a her undressing.

As her father moved in for close-ups of her small breast mounds crowned
with pale pink nipples, Carol noticed that Dianne had resumed stroking
her pussy-flesh, shooting her finger again and again deep into the valley
between her gleaming, bald cuntlips, and smearing her liquid emissions
all over her crotch.  Her breasts responded to these sexual caresses by
becoming more firm and pointed, with the nipple-flesh becoming darker and
separating from the mounds below to become towers atop towers.  Carol told
me her own pussy was getting pretty wet about then.

"OK, honey.  Let me set up the tripod and we'll get a few shots of you
sucking on my prick."  As her father aimed the camera, Dianne settled on
a nearby log, hiking her skirt around her waist and spreading her legs
so the red crease of her pussy opened toward the camera.  She opened her
blouse all the way, spreading it apart to shrug off her shoulders a bit.
With her schoolgirl skirt bunched around her waist, framing her hairless
pussy with plaid wool, and her pale, swollen chest-bumps set off by her
blond pigtails, Dianne looked like every child-lover's dream.

Trailing the shutter cable behind him, Mr. Clement stepped over to his
daughter and allowed her to grasp his bar of manflesh through his trousers.
Carol heard the camera click, registering on film the hot sight of this
disheveled little girl grasping a grownup's cock.  As soon as she heard the
sound of the shutter, Dianne unzipped her father's pants and reached inside.
Click.  She pulled the meaty head of her father's fat penis out of his fly.
Click.  She levered the eight-inch bar of meat into the open, sliding her
hand to the base.  Click.

As Carol looked on hungrily, Dianne proceeded, in stop-motion fashion, to
unbuckle her father's belt and tug his boxer shorts down so she could
fondle the big testicles dangling below his straining prick.  When his
privates were completely bare, the young girl positioned her head to first
lick and then suck her father's big dick.  Carol saw that Mr. Clement's cock
was not only long, but it was also thick, projecting from the black forest
of hair at the bottom of his belly like a huge salami.  Of course, Dianne
couldn't take such a slab of flesh completely into her mouth, but she opened
as wide as she could to slide the tip of her daddy's cock between her wet lips.

Watching this grownup's huge organ glistening with his daughter's saliva,
Carol told me she soon had her own shorts and underpants around her thighs
and was rubbing her slot furiously at the outrageously sexy sight of a
gal sucking off an guy.

And that was her undoing.  In a few moments, my little cousin was overtaken
by one of her big, convulsive orgasms, causing her slam her thighs together
with the intensity of the sensations rippling through her little body.
Wrapped up in her own orgasmic world, Carol was unaware of her loud groans
and the noise she made as she collapsed to the ground in her hiding place.

When she could open her eyes again, Carol found Mr. Clement standing over
her with a stern expression on his face, with his daughter giggling behind
him.

"Well, young lady, I see you were enjoying our little show," he rumbled.

Carol realized then that her hand was still buried in her crotch, her pants
were bunched around her knees, and she had leaves all over her clothes and
in her hair.

"Just stay where you are for a second," he said.  "Dianne, go get the camera
for me."

Carol said she was too scared to do anything but lie right there in
front of Dianne's father.  She kept her hand in her crotch, for once
hiding her little slit, instead of showing it off.

When Dianne returned with the camera, Mr. Clement stood over Carol and
twisted the lense to focus it.  "Now, Carol, take your hand away so I can
get a picture of your little pussy," he said, gently.

Carol was a little afraid, but she obeyed the man, removing her hand from
her crotch.

"That's very good.  Now open your legs a little bit so I can see the lovely
shape of your sweet little valley."

Under Mr. Clement's urging, my cousin first spread her legs and then pulled
open her lightly haired pussy lips as the camera clicked.  She pulled up her
tee-shirt to reveal the swollen nipples that marked where her breasts would
someday be, and she wet them with her spittle and pinched them into erect
towers.

"Now," said Dianne's father, "I have all these pictures of you that I can
show your parents, in case you're ever tempted to tell on us."

Carol suddenly went cold with fear.  Although her parents (and mine too)
were very liberal when it came to sex, Carol knew her folks would be totally
freaked if they were to see any of the pictures Mr. Clement had just taken.

"I won't tell," she sniffled.  "I won't ever tell anybody."

"I'm sure she won't, Daddy," said Dianne.  "But let's get some shots of
her licking my pussy.  And maybe I can take some pictures of you fucking
her."

Neither of these possibilities sounded very good to Carol.  She wasn't
particularly interested in sticking her tongue in Dianne's wet pussy and she
was sure that wrecking bar in Mr. Clement's pants would split her in two.



(to be continued)
===================
===================================

i watch my mom and her stepsister (Carol's mom) change into swimming suits
my mom strokes her sister's tits, pulls her nipples, sucks her cunt
carol's mom finds me, dresses slowly in front of me while I whack my prick

... to be continued
===========================

Family moves in next door with two girls -- Jennifer older one (ten).
Sarah two years younger.  See in Jennifer's window from my room.  Watch
girls get naked and push hairbrush handle into each other's pussies

watch with Carol, who has me do the same for her
she butt-fucks me with hairbrush handle while sucking my dick

One night, Carol babysitting for Jennifer and Sarah, invites me
over to play some games or something.

I got there, and she was watching TV with Jennifer, who was eighteen, and
her little sister Sarah, who was seventeen.

"OK you guys," Carol said, "Whatever happens here today, we keep it to
ourselves.  All right?"

We all agreed.

Carol picked up Sarah, pulled her panties off, and held her up for me to
look at her tiny, pink pussy.  I was a little embarassed, but I was definitely
interested.  As I looked closely at the shiny slit between her chubby thighs,
the little teen grinned at me and spread her legs.

--
