The Girls School

Part two

by Ca.H.

	My first night here was restless.  Sandra and I talked
until it was lights out, studying in between times.  She
told me there would be no excuses given me the next day. 
Anything and everything I did would be watched and corrected
by any of the teachers in the school.
	When morning came, I got up and wrapped a towel around
my nude body, for this was the way the book said we must
sleep, totally nude, and hurried down the hall to the
bathroom and the showers.  I quickly showered, brushed my
teeth and then deposited my dirty towel in the basket and
walked back to my room nude.  I hate this, walking through
the halls nude, with everyone else being able to look at my
body.  I'm not ashamed of my body mind you, it is a nice
body.  My breasts are a 34C, my waist only 22 inches and my
hips 34.  My legs are nice and long, hairless, for I do
shave.  My pubic hair a natural blonde, as was all my hair. 
I noted, when I glanced at the other girls moving through
the halls nude that most of them had no pubic hair, they had
all, or almost all been shaved.  The floor I live on is for
the older girls, thirteen or over.  I made it back to my
room and my safe harbour.  Sandra had already been to the
showers and was dressing when I entered.  She too, had no
pubic hair.
	"You'll lose yours' too Julie," Sandra said, noticing
my stare at her unshaved pussy.
	"Why?" I asked.
	"Because, the first time you are punished by having to
stay with your counselor, you will be shaved.  Then you will
be ordered to keep yourself shaved from there on out.  I
don't know why they just don't tell us to shave it in the
first place.  Though I will admit having your counselor
shave you for the first time is very exciting."
	"Sandra," I said with great hesitation, "can I ask you
something?"
	"Sure, go ahead.  I don't think there is much we can
hide here, what with being nude so much of the time."
	"Well, do you," I looked down at the floor, "do you
ever, er, get turned on by, er..." my question never was
completed, Sandra merely interjected, "by the spankings and
the punishment and the embarrassment and the humiliation? 
Yes I do, how about you?"
	"Well yes, I did when my dad would get angry with me. 
And yesterday, when I was getting fitted for my uniform and
Miss Victoria and Miss Lori took my bra and panty hose off
me, it really turned me on."
	"Yea, I know what you mean.  Sometimes I get so horny I
will do something just to get the punishment, because it
makes me even more excited.  But you know you can't
masturbate don't you Julie?"
	"What do you mean I can't masturbate?"
	"Not just you Julie, any of us.  Did you read the
booklet?  It specifically says you are not to masturbate. 
If you need to be satisfied you must go to your counselor
and tell her of your need and get permission to masturbate."
 	"You're kidding," I blurted out, "I couldn't do that."
	"You have to," Sandra went on to say, "if you don't and
they find out you'll wish you had.  They do have ways of
making you very sorry around here ya know.  Hey girl, I have
to get moving, it is time for breakfast and I have to see my
counselor before classes start.  I'll see ya later Julie." 
With that Sandra walked from the room.  
	I couldn't believe what I had heard.  I didn't recall
seeing that in the booklet.  I decided it was something
Sandra just made up to tease me.  After all, I am the new
kid in school.
	I dressed quickly and went down to the dining room for
breakfast.  I found Sandra and sat with her.  I met several
other girls there, thanks to Sandra.  Finally Sandra excused
herself and went on to meet with her counselor.  I sat
talking with the other girls when a girl about 18 years old
came to me and asked, "Are you Julie Bartman?"
	"Yes I am."
	"Well you are supposed to be in Miss Karen's office
right now."
	"Oh, I didn't know!  Where is her office?"
	"Come on, I'll show you."
	I rose and followed her down the hall in silence. She
stopped before a door and knocked lightly; from within I
could hear someone say, "enter" and she opened the door and
pushed me inside, closing the door behind me.
	There in front of me sat Miss Karen.  She was seated at
a desk, reading from a folder.  The room was rather stark. 
A window behind Miss Karen's desk and a small lamp on the
desk were the only source of light.  On the wall at the side
of the desk hung various items, two leather straps, one very
thick and one thin, two paddles, one very thin with holes in
it, drilled about four inches apart and one somewhat thick,
about the thickness of a ping pong paddle.  On the second
paddle were the words, "Guidance Teacher".  The paddle was
about four inches wide and twelve inches long.  Also hanging
on the wall was a flat, wooden hairbrush without bristles, a
teflon spatula with holes in it and a short whip with at
least nine strands of leather coming from the handle.  A
cold chill ran through me when I saw these instruments.  I
also noted on the other side of the room a padded saw horse. 
I didn't have to be shown what all these things were for,
the imagines came flooding in my head without any help.
	"Looks to me," Miss Karen finally said, "you have a
rather low opinion of people in authority.  Is that right
young lady?"
	"No Miss Karen," I said, trying to give her the answer
I thought she would want to hear.
	"Well that is not what is says here girl.  Are you
trying to make me believe you are some kind of angel, sent
here in error?"
	"No Miss Karen.  I guess I do have a problem with
people in authority."
	"You don't guess here young lady," she said, rising
from her desk, "you know.  Now let's try that question
again, do you have a problem with people in authority
positions?"
	"Yes Miss Karen."
	"And do you have a foul mouth young lady?"
	"Yes Miss Karen, sometimes my language becomes veryfoul."
	"It will stop here and now.  You understand?"
	"Yes Miss Karen," I responded.  I wanted to tell her to
fuck off and leave me alone but knew better than to do so.
	"Okay, now I have a few more questions for you." Karen
went on to say, as she walked up behind me.  "First
question, are you still a virgin?"
	No way was I going to answer this.  I stood quiet and
did not respond.
	"There are ways of telling you know, now if you don't
want me to examine you then I suggest you answer me
truthfully.  Are you still a virgin?"
	Gawd, I thought to myself, she would examine me to see
if my hymen were broken or not.  I could see her doing that
to me.  My thoughts raced through my mind, I reasoned I may
as well answer her.
	"No Miss Karen, I'm not a virgin."
	"Tell me when you stopped being a virgin and with
whom."
	I was mortified now.  This was terribly personal and I
didn't want to respond.  I held my silence.
	"Alright young lady, I guess it is time to administer a
bit of punishment, just to let you know who is boss around
here.  Remove your skirt and lay across the horse over
there."
	I stood still and did not move.  I was scared now.  I
had seen this woman spank the girl yesterday in the dining
room.  I didn't want her to do it to me.
	"It was with.." I started to say, but was interrupted
by Miss Karen.
	"Too late now young lady.  You will tell me after your
punishment.  Now off with the skirt and over the horse.  If
you don't do it, I will and the punishment will be more
severe."
	I quickly pulled at my skirt and the velcro gave way
immediately.  I folded the skirt and laid it on the back of
the chair that sat in front of the desk.  I walked slowly to
the padded horse and leaned forward until my stomach rested
on the padding.  My bare ass sticking up into the air.
	"If you put your hands back here to protect yourself we
shall start again, if you move we shall start again.  You
will receive twenty five smacks with the hair brush.  I do
not want to hear a sound out of you young lady, just as I
heard no sound from you when I asked you the last question. 
If you do scream or cry out I shall give you an additional
twenty five smacks.  Now spread your legs apart and we shall
begin."
	 I slowly spread my legs apart.  The sudden air hitting
my damp pussy lips made me realize how exposed I was in this
position.  This woman, this total stranger, could see all of
my private parts.  I was flushed with embarrassment.  I
wanted to find a rock to crawl under.  My hands reached out
and grasped the legs of the padded horse.  I bit down on my
lower lip to try and stop any noise from escaping my lips. 
I wasn't interested in going through this all over again and
again.
	Suddenly the first blow landed.  Miss Karen hit my
bared bottom forcefully.  I screamed at the suddenness of
the first hard smack.

	"We shall administer twenty five more for that young
lady.  And likewise for each additional scream.  So I
suggest you control yourself."
 	Miss Karen brought the brush down on my bare bottom
again.  Each time I bit my bottom lip keeping myself from
screaming.  Finally I heard her say twenty five and the
spanking stopped.  I was not surprised, but my pussy was
dripping with moisture by this time.  
	"You will lay across my knee for the next twenty five
young lady.  I will administer it with my hand.  Now come
over here."
	She seated herself in a straight back chair without
arms, across the room from the padded horse.  I slowly
walked to her then lay over her knees.  She positioned me so
my pussy was pressed firmly onto her right knee.  She placed
one hand in the small of my back, then slowly rubbed my
burning mounds of flesh.  Her hand lingering over my crack
and her fingers slowly finding their way between my crack
and then touching my pussy lips lightly.  
	"Spread your legs Julie," she ordered.  I did so,
without objection.
	Her hand, again, rubbed lightly over my burning
buttocks and then slowly down my slit to my cunt.  She
fingered me lightly and when I moved at the pleasure she was
bringing me she pulled her hand away.  
	"Alright young lady, we shall begin now.  You will keep
your legs spread open, you will count each strike.  You will
not scream or cry out.  Do you understand?"
	"Yes Miss Karen," I responded in a very sheepish tone.
	The warmth of her hand pulled away from my bare bottom
and I knew it would be only a matter of a second or so
before I felt it smash down on my hurting mounds.
	Spannnnnnnnnnnnnkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk! Came the first
blow and I all but cried out, "One Miss Karen."
	Spannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk! Again and I
counted.  Each spank of her hand seemed harder than the
last.  And with each spank her hand lingered longer on my
sore bottom, squeezing and teasing the mounds of hot flesh. 
	Spannnnnnnnnnnnnkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk! And again I
counted.  The rhythm was different for each stroke.  Yet her
hand found the same spot or area each time, right at my sit
spot.  I knew it would be very hard to sit the rest of the
day.  Again her hand slapped down on me.  Again and again. 
By the time she had spanked me eighteen spanks I found
myself shaking with an orgasm.  My body quivered and shook
as I felt my juices flow from my hot cunt.  She increased
the pace of the slaps now, then slowed them after three more
spanks.  By the time she reached twenty five I was ready to
explode again with an orgasm and before I could, it all
stopped.  She helped me up from her knees.
	"Go stand in the corner now young lady.  Place your
nose against the wall and stay that way until I tell you
otherwise."
	Without a word I moved to the corner.  Tears where
coming down my cheeks and yet I did not cry out loud.  I
placed my nose to the wall and faced the corner, ignoring
the world behind me, caught up in the desire to be
satisfied.
	I heard Miss Karen make several phone calls.  One was
to someone who would take over her classes for her today. 
She explained she had a young lady she must deal with, I
assumed she meant me.  A cold chill went through me and I
felt trepidation at the thought of more abuse to my already
burning buttocks.  
	Suddenly there was a knock on the door.  Miss Karen
said enter, just as she had before and someone came into the
room.  I couldn't see who it was and they said nothing. 
Miss Karen just said, here's the file, and thank you.  Then
the door opened and closed again.  This happened three more
times while my nose pressed into the wall and my reddened
buttocks were on display.  I was still very excited and
still wanted to cum, so much so that I now began to squirm
about a little.
	"You were told to stand still young lady.  Come over
here and tell me why you can't seem to stand still."  Miss
Karen said sternly.
	I walked over to her desk, stood before her with my
head down slightly.  I was so embarrassed now.  The moisture
of my dripping pussy had started to run down the inside of
my legs.
	"Why can't you stand still, you naughty little girl?"
	"Miss Karen, I am sorry," I started, with some
timidness.  "I om..I need to...er, I need to...ah.." I
stammered.  "I need to cum Miss Karen," I finally blurted
out quickly, as if the speed would make the words not be
heard.
	Miss Karen said nothing but stood up and walked from
behind the desk to the front where I stood.  She stood at my
side and looked me up and down.	
	"So you are a hot little puss are you?"
	"Yes ma'am I guess so."
	"And you think I should permit you to masturbate and
allow you pleasure after your disobedience this morning?"
	"Please ma'am, I need to cum so badly.  May I please
masturbate to satisfy my need?"
	"Lean forward child, grab hold of the desk in front of
you and spread your legs wide."
	I did so immediately.  I would have done anything to be
satisfied.
	"Now don't move young lady."
	I didn't know what was going to happen, but could only
hope I would be allowed to cum soon.  I was so hot that I
almost ached inside.  Suddenly I felt Miss Karen's hand on
my sore buttocks.  She moved her hand gingerly over my
seething mounds and then her other hand found its way down
my crack to my cunt.  Slowly she fingered the outer lips of
my pussy, then ever so slowly she moved her fingers in
between the outer lips and probed through my slit.  She
found my clit and tediously moved her finger tips over the
erect member.  As her speed increased on my clit, her hand
on my sore ass began to slap at my sit spot again.  With
each slap her finger on my clit increased in speed and
pressure as did each slap increase in hardness and speed. 
So each hand was in time with the other.  I moaned as I
neared orgasm and Miss Karen's fingers found my open hole
and pushed deep inside me.  She pushed in and out of me hard
and fast as her other hand slapped my bare bottom in the
same manner.  I shook with the orgasm that hit me and Miss
Karen stopped slapping my ass long enough to make certain I
did not fall over from the explosive orgasm.  Once I hadrecovered a little from it, she began slapping my ass again
and pressing her fingers into my cunt again.  Again I
exploded with another orgasm, stronger than the last, then
again another one, and another.  Finally I fell forward so
the upper half of my body lay flat on the desk with my hands
spread eagle in front of me.  I had never experienced
anything like this before.  I felt Miss Karen slowly pull
her fingers from my dripping hole.  As she did, she slapped
my ass once again very hard and again I came.
	Miss Karen stood beside me for a few moments holding on
to me.  As I came down from my first experience of multiple
orgasms I could feel the warmth of her body pressed to my
side.  When I finally recovered, she pulled me upright and
took me to the straight backed chair and ordered me to sit
down.  I did so, without thought to my harshly punished
buttocks and let out a scream when they touched the chair. 
Miss Karen merely smiled when I did this.  She took delight
in my pain, just as much as she had taken delight in my
pleasure.
	"You will sit there for the next thirty minutes young
lady while you answer some questions for me.  We will start
again with when you lost your virginity."
	"Yes Miss Karen," I responded without hesitation or
even embarrassment now.  After all we had just gone through
together, I didn't figure I had much to hide now.

Continued part 3.