Archive-name: Family/carol-1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Cousin Carol - Chapter 1


My cousin, Carol, is four years older than I am.  When we were growing up,
she lived right down the street.  My folks and hers -- my aunt and uncle
(my mother's sister and her husband) -- have always been very good friends,
doing all kinds of things together.  When they went out in the evening,
Carol always stayed over at my house, because her room was full of dolls
and playhouses and I had a double-decker bunk bed (I got the top bunk).

When we were really young, some older woman would sit for us and I don't
remember much about her.  By the time I was five years old (and Carol
was nine), our parents had teenagers sitting us.  I remember so many
good times we had, fooling the sitters into letting us drink sodas and
watch TV, playing board games with endless changes in the rules to match
our whims, building elaborate "forts" of furniture and blankets ...

But, for purposes of this narrative, the story really begins one night
when one of our sitters let her boyfriend come over to visit while she
was taking care of me and Carol.

I was six years old and Carol was ten.  Our sitter that night, Susan,
was about 19 years old and was kind of funny-looking, I thought.  Although
she was skinny everywhere else, she had a huge chest, which she emphasized
with tight sweaters and tight jeans.  I was too young to be affected in
any sexual way then, but I realize now she projected a sluttish image.
In retrospect, I'm surprised my parents let her sit for us.  Maybe she
charged less than other sitters.

Susan sat for me and Carol several times, and was always nice enough,
letting us watch R-rated movies with her on cable TV and making us
big bowls of popcorn.

On this fateful night, however, our folks were going to a racetrack
across the state line, and were staying there overnight.  Susan tried
to rush us off to bed early, but we insisted on staying up to see a
scary movie.  About 11, the doorbell rang and Susan swore us to
secrecy before letting her boyfriend in.  He was obviously annoyed
at seeing us there, and made enough rude comments that we scurried up
to bed as soon as the movie was over.  We could hear the music from my
folks' stereo begin to play pretty loud.  Susan tucked us into bed
perfunctorily and hurried back to the family room.

I was ready to go to sleep, and was a little worried about the dreams
I might have as a result of the horror movie we had just seen.  But
Carol wasn't ready.

"Let's go spy on Susan," she whispered from the bottom bunk.  "I bet
they're making out."

I agreed readily.  This was the kind of trick we enjoyed playing on our
sitters.  We quietly opened the door to my room and crept down the hall.

We really didn't have to be quiet, though, because the music coming
from the family room was very loud.  As we peeked around the corner,
we both at first thought the room was empty.  But then we spotten Susan
and her boyfriend writhing on the floor.  Clothes were all over the room.
Susan's sweater was lying by the fireplace and her boyfriend was down
to his boxer shorts.  They were locked in a total-bodylock embrace
on the carpet in front of the couch.  Carol and I had front-row seats!

"See?" she whispered.  "I told you they'd be making out!"

Making ourselves comfortable, we stretched out on our bellies in the hall,
beyond the faint light projected by the single lamp that was still shining
at its lowest setting.

Back in the family room, Susan's boyfriend had managed to disengage the
industrial-strength fasteners on her bra.  Released from their confines,
Susan's huge breasts puddled back into mountains of flesh, as she lay
there on her back.  Her boyfriend tossed the bra back toward the couch
and lowered his head to her chest.  With his mouth removed from hers,
we quickly understood why the stereo was playing so loudly -- Susan was
moaning and groaning and breathlessly telling him how good he was making
her feel.

"God, Terry, I'm burning up.  Suck my nipples!  Run your tongue all over
my boobs.  Bite my nips!"  Her boyfriend tried to follow her instructions,
but it was clear he would have had to have help to do it all.

Carol leaned over to me.  "Look at his shorts," she whispered.

I had been paying attention to the heaving mounds projecting from the
chest of my babysitter, glistening in the lamplight with her boyfriend's
saliva.  Now I looked where my cousin indicated and saw the beefy end of
his prick sticking out the opening in the front of his boxers.

"This is going to be neat!" said Carol.

Susan's muttering and groaning was getting louder, and now I could see
that her boyfriend had his hand down the front of her panties and was
moving his arm in a rhythmic motion.  His hips had also adopted a rhythm
of their own, as he rubbed the head of his cock against the outside of
her thigh.  Suddenly he stood up and spoke.

"I've got to fuck you now, before your hot talk and sexy bod make me
cum on the carpet."

As he yanked down his shorts, Susan squirmed out of her underpants too.
I didn't know where to look.  His throbbing prick looked huge to me
(though now I realize its size was probably pretty ordinary).  The
patch of hair at the bottom of Susan's belly was not much to see,
but I stared nonetheless.

As soon as she tossed her filmy panties aside, Susan spread her legs
and put both hands in her crotch.  "Jeez, Terry!" she said.  "You look
so hot standing there showing me your big dick!  Let's suck each other
first and then you can fuck me.  That way you don't have to wear a rubber
for your first cum."

Beside me, Carol moved into a sitting position.  When I glanced over at
her, I began to burn with a new heat.  My young cousin had removed her
pajama bottoms and was rubbing her hand between her legs while she
watched the action in the den.  When she noticed me looking at her, she
gave me a big grin and spread her legs even wider so I could see.  The
light wasn't very good, but I could tell she was digging her fingertips
deep into the furrow between the hairless lips of her little pussy.
When Carol turned her attention back to the family room, so did I.

Terry was lowering his head between our sitter's outstretched thighs as
his rigid prick descended toward her waiting lips.  Susan's moaning and
groaning was muffled once more as she slurped up her boyfriend's stiff
six inches.  In fact, there wasn't much to see, with the two teenagers'
heads buried in each other's crotches.  The wet sounds of their sucking
could barely be heard over the booming stereo.

I turned my head to look again at Carol and was greeted with an up-close
look at her widespread crotch.  Carol had leaned over on her side,
away from me, so the leg on the carpet projected toward my head and
her other knee was cocked vertically.  Her right hand continued its
rapid back-and-forth movement in the wet valley of her pussy.  I found
myself grinding my hips into the carpet, increasing the nice feeling
in my stiff little peter.  But then the sound effects started again
in the family room.

"Yes!  Suck on my clit like that!  I'm gonna get my cum!  Bite my lips!
Stick your tongue all the way inside of me!  Ungh!  Ohh!  Arrrrr...."
Susan babbled away as she humped her pelvis against her boyfriend's
swiveling face.  Unnoticed, his slimy prick slithered across her face
and stabbed at her hair.  With legs thrown wide, Susan wrenched her
head backwards against the carpet and grunted repeatedly.  If she
hadn't kept babbling about good it felt, I would have thought her
boyfriend was torturing her.

In the dim light, Terry raised his head from Susan's crotch and turned
to kneel with his legs on either side of her head.  Levering his dick
downward, he guided it into her panting mouth and began pistoning it
deep into her throat.  Susan began breathing noisily through her nose
as she sucked and slurped his throbbing rod.  I noticed she also had
both hands busily working at the juncture of her thighs.

In only a few moments, Terry grabbed the back of her head and started
pulling her mouth all the way onto his cock.  That was apparently too
much for Susan, but her boyfriend was oblivious to her distress.  As
she tried to push him away, he moved his hips rapidly, only releasing
her head when he threw back his own to bay his orgasm.

Susan spit the slab of meat out of her mouth so she could breathe, but
reached up to stroke the repeated squirts of juice out of his cock and
all over her face.  Her other hand returned to her own love-nest,
restoring the rhythm of her hips as she worked her lover's still-rigid
cock above her glazed eyes.

Suddenly, Carol leaned over and whispered to me, "Let's go back to
the bedroom."

I wanted to stay and watch some more, feeling not only clever at spying
on our sitter, but also fascinated by the animal behavior I was seeing.
But I didn't want to be caught either, and I responded to my older
cousin's entreaty by hurrying along behind her.  I thought it was funny
that she was carrying her pajama bottoms in her hand and her pale bare
bottom glowed before me as we went back to my room.

As I started to climb into my top bunk, Carol said, "Show me yours.
I showed you mine."

I was a little unsure about this.  It was one thing to spy on teenagers,
but it seemed extra naughty to be showing my female cousin the little
piece of flesh that was so mysteriously stiff right then.  But, as I
hesitated on the bunk-bed ladder, Carol decided things for both of
us by reaching through the rungs to extract my rigid pencil from my
pajama fly.  Her cool fingers felt so good that I let her go ahead.

After grasping and releasing my prick several times, Carol said, "Come
on down and sit on the bed with me.  I'll let you touch mine too."

It seemed entirely natural somehow that I would step out of my pajama
bottoms and throw them on the top bunk.  Carol sat primly on the edge
of the bed, with her knees together and only a pale triangle of flesh
at the bottom of her belly.  I noticed the slit I had seen earlier
was hidden at the bottom of her lap.

As I sat down beside her, Carol opened her legs a bit and took my hand,
guiding it between her thighs.  When my fingertips touched flesh, she
let go and returned to her exploration of my little-boy cock.  Imitating
the motion she had recently demonstrated, I rubbed my fingers up and down
the front of her little furrow.  In response, my cousin opened her legs
wider, so I could begin to feel the damper flesh inside her downy outer
lips.

Without warning, Carol ducked her head into my lap and took my little
stick into her mouth.  I had thought that her fingers had felt good,
but her mouth was clearly superior.  I realize now that she knew
nothing about cock-sucking technique, but the candy-stick analogy
was good enough to get her started and give me plenty of pleasure.

After a while, however, the feelings began to get less intense, and I
just got sleepy.  In addition, the level of music in the family room
got lower and we became afraid that Susan would come in and catch us.
Carol and I swore to each other that we would never tell anyone about
our sex-play, climbed back into our pajamas and went to sleep.

That was the beginning of a ten-year odyssey of mutual sexual exploration
that ended only when Carol got married.  If you are interested, I'll
tell you more ....

... To be continued ...
--
