Archive-name: Family/carol-4.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Cousin Carol - Chapter 4


One day when I was about seven (and Carol was eleven), my little cousin's
sexual curiosity paid off for us (and especially for me) in a big way.  Our
school was having a paper drive, and one Saturday, we were Shanghaied into
helping take bundles of paper out of people's car trunks and load it into
a big trailer parked in the school yard.  I was sweating like a pig,
struggling with the sliding stacks of newspapers and magazines, while
Carol was separating the resulting mountains into categories.  I remember
that National Geographics were in their own blocks of yellow towers.

As we walked home later, Carol stopped, looked up and down the street,
and pulled me into a vacant lot, behind some bushes.

"Look at what I found," she whispered to me excitedly.

And she pulled three magazines from her knapsack.  To my utter amazement,
they were filled with photos of naked children, including some shots of
kids fucking each other and being fucked by adults.  I may have been
amazed, but Carol was obviously turned on.  Flopping down on the ground
behind the bush, she opened one of the magazines and started pointing out
all the exciting action to me.

"Oh, wow!" she gasped, "See how this girl is licking that other little
girl's button like Dianne did to me?  And look at how this little girl
is rubbing this grown-up man's big old thing!"  We hadn't yet learned
all the names at that time, as I recall.

As she turned the pages behind the bush in that dusty lot, my hot little
cousin reached under her skirt and began mashing the cotton fabric of her
panties into her moistening slit.

I was a little turned on by the pictures, I guess, and by the sight of
my pretty young cousin rubbing her panties into the wet slot of her
crotch.  But I was mostly worried that someone would come along and catch
us.  As Carol turned the pages, pointed out even more sexy pictures, and
moved her panties aside to masturbate her naked pussy, I felt my little
penis stiffen.

But I couldn't really enjoy myself.  I kept looking up and down the street.
When I mentioned that I was nervous, Carol looked up with an annoyed
expression on her face.  But then she seemed to brighten up.

"Hey, I think my folks are supposed to be playing golf this afternoon!
Let's go to my house and see if we have it to ourselves."

When we got to her house, her parents were gone, and had left a note saying
they wouldn't be back for about three hours.  I called home to tell my
mom that I had stopped by Carol's house for a drink after the paper drive.
She must have assumed Carol's mom was home, because she didn't tell me to
hurry home or anything.

I was glad to get off the public street, but Carol was glad to get out of
her underwear.  As I talked on the phone, I watched her step out of her
panties and plop down on the couch in the family room.  Opening another
magazine, she put the foot nearest me up on the couch and resumed stroking
and pulling at the flesh of the hairless valley at the juncture of her
splayed thighs.

When I came into her family room, Carol had several more pictures she
wanted to show me.  "Look at this one.  It looks like this little boy is
just about your age.  Look at how he's sticking his thing into this
little girl's bottom.  That looks neat!  Will you do that to me?"

It was a hot picture all right.  Although the little boy and girl in the
picture seemed to be enjoying it, I wasn't really sure I wanted to put my
peter in my cousin's shit-hole.  But Carol said she'd "suck my lollipop"
to get me ready.  Well, that's all it took, and I agreed readily.

First, though, we finished looking through the magazines.  As we stared
excitedly at the smooth bodies of children in sexual situations, the
atmosphere in Carol's family room became charged with the energy of raw
sex.  At her urging, I shed my pants and sat beside her on the couch,
rubbing the skin up and down my little rod while we stared at the
various pictures -- a six-year old girl spreading the hairless lips of
her chubby pussy for the camera; a ten-year-old boy retracting his
glistening rigid prick from the lipsticked mouth of a big-titted
grownup woman; a twelve-year-old girl with her puffy nipples distended
while an older boy, with hair just beginning to grow above his dick,
jammed his fat stiff rod into her still-hairless slit; and that picture
of a very young boy inserting his quivering little boner in a ten-year-old
girl's asshole.

"Oh, I want you to do that to me," groaned my little cousin.  Pushing
the magazines to the floor, she lowered her head to my lap, sucking my
little prong hungrily into her wet mouth.  She took the entire shaft in
her mouth and rubbed her lips and tongue all over it.  She sucked the
whole shaft and then concentrated on the glans.  Stimulated as I already
was, the sensation of her rough tongue swirling around the head of my
rock-hard dick was almost too much to bear.

But Carol stopped sucking me almost as soon as she had started.  Dropping
to the carpet in front of me, she flipped up her skirt to show me her
gleaming buttocks and the reddish valley between them.  Her puckered
little anus beckoned to me.

"Go ahead and stick it in my bottom," she whispered, waving her butt before
my dazed eyes.  "I want to be fucked like that little girl in the picture."

By now, I was willing, so I knelt behind her and tried to stick it in
blindly, by just thrusting with my hips.  But that didn't work.  My spit-
slicked prick slid all over her crack, but wouldn't lodge in her tiny
asshole.  Apparently, there was more this fucking stuff than met the eye.

Carol told me to stay still for a minute and she reached between her legs
to pull my dick downward while she backed her bottom hole onto the head.
My cock was still a little wet from her mouth, but apparently not wet
enough, because she let go of my prick and delivered a mouthful of spit
to her backside, smearing it all over, but making sure she got plenty around
her pink butthole.  Grabbing my cock again, she succeeded in getting my
dickhead lodged inside her bottom hole.

"Now fuck me," she grunted.  We might not have known all the words for
body parts, but we both knew fucking was what it was all about.

With her permission, I madly thrust my little cock all the way inside my
cousin's asshole.  It was lucky for her my prick was so small, because she
wasn't lubricated on the inside, and the tight sphincter of her anus
removed almost all the spit from my stick as I stuck it in her.  She
later told me it wasn't pleasant for the first several strokes; until
my pistoning prick managed to introduce some soothing moisture.  Within
a few more seconds, though, Carol was babbling about how great it felt
and I was sliding my dick rapidly in and out of a tight, moist cavern
that caressed my stiffness like the world's best blow job.  The hip-
jerking action of fucking seemed suddenly natural to me, as though I
had been doing it for years.

My first fuck only lasted another 30 seconds, though, because Carol
reached back between her legs and started tweaking her clittie.  This
pushed her over the edge and she had one of her monstrous orgasms,
causing her to collapse on the floor, leaving my wet dick twitching
in mid-air.  She rolled around on the floor with her thighs clamped
together until her spasms subsided.

I just stood there on my knees until she opened her eyes.  When she
recovered, she told me the very idea of being really fucked was so
exciting that it made her cum even bigger than usual.  I wanted her
to suck me some more, but she refused, because of where my prick had
just been.  In the past, I had been satisfied to stop playing these
games when Carol got her jollies.  This time, though, I was too
stimulated.  I seemed to need some type of release.

Carol came up with the idea, showing me a photo in one of the magazines
she had looked at while I was on the phone with my mom.  A young boy lay
on his back on a couch, jerking himself off, while another hairless young
boy knelt by the couch and fucked the first one in his bottom.  At first,
I thought Carol was just suggesting another position for me to fuck her
bottom some more, which sounded fine to me.  But she had another idea.

She went into the kitchen and came back with a bottle of salad oil and a
carrot.  She had me lie on a towel on the carpet while she carefully
spread the oil on my dick and balls.  Only a few moments of this and my
little prick was once again filled with blood and was twitching against
my belly.  Carol guided my hand to my crotch, while she lifted both my
knees and spread my legs to reveal my asshole.  As I rubbed my cock and
balls furiously, she inserted a small, oiled carrot into my ass.  At first,
she tried to go too fast (perhaps to get even with me for my impulsiveness),
and it hurt.  But when I yelped, she soon settled into a slow, shallow
butt-fuck that, combined with my feverish manipulation of my oily genitals,
filled my body with warm, tingly feeling.  I found myself grunting with
each insertion of the carrot and rubbing the underside of my oily dick
harder and faster.  After about 45 seconds of this dual stimulation, I
felt these sensations build to a crescendo of tingling all over my body.
It was the best feeling I had ever experienced!  Although nothing squirted
out of my prick, that was my first orgasm.

For the next year or so, this was the only way I could really get off, so
I got in the habit of putting a finger or something else small and smooth
in my asshole while I jacked my cock.

Before I went home that day, I fucked Carol in the butt again, smearing
salad oil all over her crotch and sliding my dick in her butthole easily.
She got another cum, but I didn't, not even when she fucked me again with
the carrot.  Also, we took a shower together to remove the oil.

(to be continued)
--
