Archive-name: Affairs/carolee.txt
Archive-author:
Archive-title: Carolee


He walked into the local library and saw that Carolee was working behind
the counter. He had long noticed her and found her very attractive
and she always seemed to be very cheerful.. She was always dressed in
either a just above the knee dress with hosiery and high heels, or nice
fitting slacks with hose and high heels. Seeing her just drove him crazy
and he knew that he had to do some- thing about it today. He noticed
that today she had on a green dress and light black hosiery and a pair
of black pumps with 3" heels. He waited till her area was vacant and
walked up. She smiled as she always did and he said "I know I am being
very forward but I would like to eat the crotch out of your pantyhose."
She said "did I hear you correctly. Did you say something obscene to me?"
I said "I don't think it was obscene." "You want to eat the crotch out
of my pantyhose and you don't think that is obscene." "With you it could
never be obscene." She said "I am married." I said "it's you I want to
do this to, not your husband."  She said "I'm not wearing pantyhose,
will you eat the crotch out of my panties?"  "Only if you are wearing
them", I said. "Finally a man who wants to do something with me. I wear
all sort of sexy outfits and lingerie and do you think he cares, the
rotten bastard. I think he is fucking his secretary, in fact I know he
bang- ing her ass. Yes, you can eat my crotch and then fuck my pussy.
Meet me after work at the far end of the parking lot."

I met her after work and she got into my car and I drove to a deserted
area. She said she only had about half-hour but figured we could do
quite a bit in a half hour. We embraced passionately and then grooped at
each other. I going for her tits and she for my zipper. A minute later
she was stroking my cock and cooing while I teased her nipples with
my lips and tongue. "Eat my panties. Please, now while I am so hot.
Do it good, make me cum." I got down on the floor of the car with her
in the passenger seat and slid her dress upward to her waist. She had
some great lingerie on. A full pink slip with lace all over the hem
and a black garterbelt and a pair of very pastel pink french cut tap
panties which were covered in lace. Her husband had to be nuts not to
be turned on. I centered the crotch part of the panties over her cunt
opening and started licking the crotch of the panties with my tongue.
Her panties got soaking wet and I could then taste her cunt juices and
smell them as her pussy was lubricating itself from the sexual attentions.
She started moaning passionately and asked me to pull the crotch of her
panties to one side and finger her for a moment. "your finger fucking is
driving me crazy," she gasped with her breath cumming in shorts pants "Now
fuck me, please, now. I am going to cum fast so work me hard." I slipped
my pulsating hard cock into her hot box and lunged in and out. She said
"stop a second and leave me straddle you. I want deep penetration."
We moved and she straddled me and I entered her cunt again. She slammed
down on me hard and kept there wiggling her cunt all over my cock.
At the same time I wet one finger and started working it up her ass. As it
went into her ass all the way she let out a deep long moan and screamed
"I'm cumming. I'm cumming, fuck me, drive your hot finger in my ass. Oh,
fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk. I erupted shortly thereafter.
Afterwards she said "it was great, we can't make it a habit: I'm married
and got three children but I think we could get together at another
time and place. I still owe you my pantyhose and you owe me eating the
crotch of them. Don't push me at anytime and I will leave you know when.
It could be a day or a week, it could be a year. Be content and think
of someday in the future."  With that she kissed me and left.

I saw her numerous times in the library  but never made any overatures
or any wisecrack remarks. I wanted her again and just had to wait. I am
divorced but I wasn't lacking getting pussy. She was just so different.
Where my exwife was a redhead she was blonde. Where my wife was tall,
she was short. She weighted about 118, my wife about 142. Whenever I saw
her she just smiled or suggested a certain book or tape to use.One day
after my being absent for about a week I was in the library when she
approached me in the fiction section and said" Rod, I need to see you
tonight if possible. I have been waiting three days for you to come in."
I said "meet me at 9:00 at the end of the lot." At 9 pm she was there,
got in my car and we drove again to a deserted spot. She said" Rod, the
first time you said you wanted to eat the crotch out of my pantyhose but
I had none on, tonight you get your wish. Put your hand up my skirt."
I felt her pantyhose covering her legs and thighs and in her pussy area
she had on a pair of lace panties covering her pantyhose. She said "you
can eat both my lace panties and my pantyhose. Bring me off with your
tongue and you will experience one of the best blowjobs you ever had,
and I will swallow all your creamy cum."  Once again I got down between
her legs and with her nylon clad legs spread wide I started licking
her panties which were pulled snug up against her pantyhose crotch.
I could smell the female aroma drifting from her crotch area. It set my
hormones rushing. "Carolee, you pussy smells so sexy, the aroma is driving
me horny. Do all pantyhose come with "essemce of sweet cunt perfume."
Replying she said "everyday for the last three days I have thought of you
and before I came to work I fingered my pussy till it was sopping wet
just to get the aroma of my cunt in my panties and pantyhose for you.
In fact one day I frigged myself so hard I popped my pussy right then
and there. Lick me harder and I will come off for you. Oh, Rod, your
tongue feels so good and drives me wild. Quick remove my sexy red lace
panties, I am getting there and I want your tongue as close as possible."
In a flash her panties were off and I was licking on the crotch of her
white nylon pantyhose. "Im cumming, oh Rod, I'm cumming, harder with your
tongue, drive me wild, oh it feels so good. What a great cunt lapping you
gave me." A minute later she said "now you." I got up in the seat and she
took her panties and hung them on the rearview mirror. "Since it's dark
and hard to see look at my cunt wet panties of fine lace and think of
my pussy in them while I blow your stem off." She went down on me and I
thought a meat grinder was on my cock. She reached up and grabbed the red
panties off the mirror and massaged my balls with them while sucking on
my pipe. She twisted, pulled and slurped that thing ninty nine different
ways and I was hoping to learn the hundreth way when my cock erupted.
"Oh, oh, I'm cumming, oh chew my cock, oh, suck my load out of me, oh
swallow my cream. Oh fuck me with your mouth. Work my balls with your
lace cunt smelling aroma panties Oh! Oh!" and I was drained. Two minutes
later she asked"do you want to fuck me or watch me jerk my pussy off."
I said "I am to pooped to pop but would love to watch you finger fuck
yourself." She sat there, lifted her rearend up off the seat and removed
her pantyhose. With her legs spread apart facing me,she slowly fingered
herself into a real screaming orgasm.  All the time she had been fingering
herself she was saying the most obscene sexy things imaginable. I felt
sorry for her husband who had this firecracker and was leaving it slip
into my hands. She just needed attention. Finishing I told her she could
wear garterbelts and stockings if they were more comfortable. She said
she preferred to wear them and I said I preferred to see her in them.
I said the only reason I ever mentioned pantyhose was because most women
wore them in this day and age. She said not her or her daughters, who
both wore garterbelts when they wore hosiery.

We made a date to meet two nights from then. She said she could stay out
late as her husband would be out of town. "His out of town, I think he
is fucking his girlfriend outside the city limits, the rotton bastard."
She asked if we could go to my place and we did. We arrived at my
apartment and I ushered her in. I fixed us drinks and we went into the
bedroom and two minutes later we were naked and fucking. After we both
came she said she had tape-recorded her husband when he was talking to his
secretary on the phone. She had the tape in her pocketbook and played it
for me. She had him by the balls they way he was professing love for his
secretary, Claudia and the names he was calling her like "sweet cunt,you
hot little box you, lucious tits, gravy pussy, my fuck bunny" and things
like that. It was really getting to Carolee and she started bawling.
I comforted her as best I could. I finally asked her what she was
going to do about it. She said that a showdown was in order with him.
I also asked about her children, Lizabeth who was sixteen, Beverly who
was fifteen and Bret who was thirteen.She said they would have to roll
with the punches. I said that's basically what my son Steven did when
he and his mother divorced. I asked her how her and Gene met or got to-
gether as a permanent arrangement. She told me as follows.

She did a chhronigally list of her dates with Gene. Number denoting date.
She said as you can see we fell hard for each other and things progressed
quickly.

 1. Having known Gene for a while I was surprised when he asked if he
could come over to my house after school. I was also pleased that he
asked as I had a crush on him. My mom and dad were at work so we talked
and ended up kissing, very deep kissing on the sofa

 2. Next time over to my house, his hands progressed to my tits,
feeling them through my blouse and bra.

 3. Third time he had my tits out and was sucking on them. I did not
let him know my cunt was on fire. I wanted to grab his cock but I didn't.

 4. Fourth date my breasts were out, my nipples hard as rocks, his hot
hands had traveled up my legs, past my stockings and garterbelt and
into my red panties. I had his cock out and was stroking it. I thought
things were progressing to fast but I did not want to stop. This wasn't
the first time a boy had his hands in my panties but this time I knew
it was destined to go farther.

 5. Fifth date my tits are out, my skirt bunched about my waist, my
pastel blue panties are on the floor, my legs are apart with Gene finger
fucking my pussy while I am hysterical with the thrill. I am screaming in
pleasure as he fingers my pussy over the top. I then played with his cock,
he asked me to put it in my mouth. I asked if he would put my pussy in his
mouth and he said yes so I put his cock in mine and licked it and sucked
it till he came. I tried to swallow as much cum as I could. Afterwards he
put his head between my nylon clad legs and with his hard tongue in my
snatch. he ate my cunt off. I won't go into details how he ate me, just
that I came and came good. My first time with a male was in- credible.

 6. The sixth date I had panty hose on which he said he didn't like.
He said he was strickly stockings and garterbelts. I had no problem
with that.  I had worn garterbelts since I was twelve after I told mom I
didn't like panty girdles. Mom said "Carolee, I wish I had the figure for
garterbelts like you do, but I don't but you do, but you  can wear them
instead of panty girdles." Later I found out Gene liked to look up his
sister's dress when the opportunity arose and she also wore garterbelts
and tap pants which revealed a lot of hair and pussy. Later on I told
his sister about Gene looking up her dress but it did not bother her any.
Maybe she liked the forbidden thrill of exposing herself to her brother,
I don't know. We ended up getting completely naked and sixty-nining each
other to a orgasm.

 7. The seventh date was almost the same as the sixth except I was back
to sexy garterbelts and while eating and fingering each other we talked
about fucking and did we want to do it. Yes, we decided we wanted to
fuck and as soon as we could get some rubbers for protection. Also this
time while eating my cunt Gene slipped his finger into my asshole region.
It felt funny there.

 8. In school Gene said he had made a rubber connection so that we
could fuck whenever we were ready. I think I was fucking ready about
date two.  He came over after school, I having arrived fifteen minutes
ahead of him.  I had selected a pretty dress and lingerie for this, my
cumming out party.  Another stroke of luck was that both parents would
not be home till about eight o'clock and it was only three-thirty now.
He arrived and we went into a long embrace. He told me that I looked
very beautiful which I know I did and I am not bragging. I was beautiful
brunett with the right figure, the right curves and a very pretty face.
I had no flaws.  I slowly stripped Gene and then asked him for the rubber,
which he gave me and I rolled it down onto his pulsating hard cock.
I told him to sit down as I was going to strip for him. The dress was
actually a two piece affair so I took the top off which left my full pink
color slip showing.  The whole bodice area of the slip was frilly lace.
Next came the bottom part of the dress which had the whole hem in pink
and white lace. I then asked him to help me re- move the slip which
he did. He starred at me and my sexy legs, the beige nylon stockings
being supported by my pink garterbelt, my black lace bra and my black
lace tap panties. His eyes bugged out of his head and I thought he was
going to shoot his load right there in the rubber but then he calmed down.
I was as hot sexually as he was. I slipped off my bra and dangled it in
his face and then I walked over to him, slid my tap panties crotch area
to one side and sat down on his cock. As lubricated as I was it went
in, met some resistance and went all the way in. Yes, we fucked till
we both came.I heard bells, sirens and whistles. My body never felt so
good till then. Afterwards I got off, slid the rubber off of his cock,
put the open end up to my mouth and sucked the creamy cum out of it into
my mouth and swallowed it. I said to him"My first fuck and I get to eat
it also." He frenched kissed me.  We fucked three more times and he left
about seven-thirty.

 9. Yes we fucked, fucked more and then he reamed his finger into
my asshole. I thought I was going to shit. After getting over that feeling
I knew we had some- thing else where sex was concerned. We both reamed
and rimmed each others ass- holes that day till he had to go home.

10. He fucked me in the ass. I loved it. It was totally awesome. We did
not use a rubber for this and that hot cream flowing in my ass cavity
was so warm and erotic. To this day I am not sure what feels better,
a cunt fuck or an ass- hole fuck. As you can see in ten dates I learned
it all. That part I have never regretted and would do the same thing
over again without remorse. Yes, we did many things together besides sex.
It was a great relationship for a number of years but things change and
values change.

We graduated from high school, went away to college together and fucked
for the whole four years. After college we married, had two girls and
a boy who are now sixteen, fifteen and thirteen. About ten years ago I
think he had an affair but that seemed to peter out but this one is to
much and he is going to be history.  I just can't take the cooing and
lovey-dovey shit he hands her on the phone. I know I am sneakey the way
I found out but that the ways it goes. We then kissed and she said "Rod,
will you fuck me in the ass, I need it bad." I gave it to her good.She
screamed, yelled, clawed and what have you. I was equally thrilled as I
had never fucked a women in the ass before.We then had a regular cunt
fuck and then she left. Before leaving she said "I have some things to
sort out, will you please stay away from the library till I sort them
out."With regrets I said I would.

Three nights later I arrived home from work and Carolee was there waiting
for me. She told me she had her showdown with Gene and that they would
file for a divorce. He was in love with Claudia who was fifteen years
younger (mid life crisis and young stuff syndrone for him). She said he
would move out this week- end. He moved out and she filed. Eventually her
kids got used to the thing of their mother dating. When she received
the final divorce from Gene we married and she and her kids moved in
with me to a new house Carolee and I purchased.

Four years later my son started dating Lizabeth, who was twenty and
Carolee was always on her because she never wore panties, even when
dressed up . When I told my son about this girl who never wore panties
he zerod in on her. Today they are married and have two children. So I
am Lizabeth's step-father but also her father in law. Carolee and myself
have been married about twenty years now and have no regrets. The sex is
tremendous and the companionship is great. Gene and Claudia lasted about
six years and now Gene is a lonely man who drifts from woman to woman.
Something how this all started by my saying something sexy to Carolee in
the library. Yes, she still works there, and every once in a while I walk
into the library, get her alone and say "I want to eat the crotch out
of your sexy lace panties"and she says "meet me at the other end of the
parking lot after work."  We meet and I eat her panties there. It's great.

--
