The Girls School

by Ca.H.


        I did not know what type of school I was being sent to
by my parents.  I just knew they had given up on me and said
I would be attending a school that would teach me discipline
as well as manners and give me a good education.  I am
fifteen years old and have been feeling my own sexuality a
lot lately.  I guess, because of this, I have been very
rebellious about authority figures a lot lately.  The last
straw was when I waited for my mom to fall off to sleep on
the sofa and then I took her car keys from her purse and
hopped into her car and went for a joy ride.  The joy ride
ended up with the police stopping me and then dragging back
home to my parents.  Dad said he had it with me and had
found this school for me to attend.
        My first day here was nothing startling.  It seemed
like a typical school.  All the students are girls, ranging
in age from eight to eighteen.  All the instructors are
women.
        Mom and Dad escorted me into the Headmistress' office
and we sat in the waiting room until she called us.  When
she did we entered and Dad proceeded to tell the
Headmistress, Victoria, the types of problems they had
experienced with me.  Shop lifting just for fun, joy riding
in both their cars, skipping school, drinking and sneaking
out to meet boys in the middle of the night.
        "We shall correct these problems," Miss Victoria
assured my dad.  "You need not worry about that Mr. Bartman,
Julie is in good hands here."
        Miss Victoria, as she said to address her, continued to
talk for several minutes.  I stood between my mom and dad as
they sat before Victoria's desk.  Then she asked my dad if
he was prepared to sign the written agreement of discipline,
and handed him a pen with the agreement.  He signed it
without hesitation.  I was slightly afraid, but not
terribly.  I figured most of the conversation about
discipline and what would be required of me was more a
threat to frighten me into behaving in a specific way,
rather than a reality of fact.
        Dad having signed the paper, stood and shook hands with
Miss Victoria and started for the door.  Mom walked over to
me and kissed me lightly on the cheek and then followed dad
out the door.
        "You may think this is fun and games young lady, but it
is not.  We here, at Guidance School, will train you to
behave properly in all circumstances.  You will be expect to
study, go to classes, answer yes ma'am and no ma'am to your
instructors, and obey all the rules listed in this
handbook."  Miss Victoria continued, as she walked around
me, looking me up and down.  "There is a dress code here,
and you shall abide by it.  Discipline for minor infractions
will be administered immediately.  Punishment for more
serious infractions shall be administered when you are
assigned a guidance counselor.  I suggest you read this
booklet immediately and become acquainted with it as quickly
as possible.  Now I will escort you to the uniform room and
we will have you fitted.  Then I will show you your sleeping
quarters.  You will share a room with three other girls
about your age.  Now, come along Julie."  She said, as she
walked across the room to the door.
        I grabbed my suitcase, only one with the barest of
necessities in it, and followed her out the door.  We went
down the hall to another room, on the door was printed the
sign Wardrobe.  Once inside, a woman behind the counter
glanced up, then stood, looked me up and down.
        "Remove your clothes Julie," Miss Victoria ordered.
        I could not.  Not in front of two total strangers.  I
was not about to undress.
        "Remove your clothes Julie or I shall do it for you,"
Miss Victoria said again in a sterner tone of voice.
        Slowly my fingers found the buttons on my blouse and I
began to unbutton it.  Once it was unbuttoned I had no other
options but to take it off and did so quickly, hoping no one
would look at my well rounded, developed breasts, cupped
only by a thin, lacy bra.  Slowly my fingers moved down to
the skirt button and I undid it and then unzipped it very
slowly.  I let it fall to the floor.  I stood before these
two women now, clad only in bra and panty hose with no
underpants on under the panty hose.  My hands went to my
breasts, in an attempt to cover myself.
        "Remove your clothes young lady, right now.  That means
everything."
        I stood frozen.  Finally it flashed through my brain,
why the hell am I doing what you tell me anyway, who the
fuck are you.  "No," I heard myself say quite loudly.
        Instantly, without notice, Miss Victoria was at my
side.  The woman behind the counter was suddenly in front of
the counter and moving towards me also.  With a vice like
grip she took hold of my arms, as Miss Victoria reached up
and unhooked my bra.  It fell down from my breasts and my
firm breasts now showed to both women.  Miss Victoria then
pressed her fingers into my panty hose and pulled them down
quickly to my feet.  She slapped at my right ankle
indicating I was lift my foot, and without much thought, I
did so.  Then she did the same for the left.  When the other
woman let go of my arms, Miss Victoria grabbed my bra and
pulled it from my arms and threw it to the floor.  I stood
totally naked before them now.  I immediately put my hands
to my front, one arm attempting to cover my harden nipples
and the other attempting to cover my pussy.  Miss Victoria
grabbed my arms by the wrist and pushed them down to my
sides and held them there.
        "Arms at your sides young lady.  Whenever you are nude
before anyone in authority, your arms will always be at your
side.  I shall let it pass, this time, your disobedience and
blatant response of 'no' to me, but I shall not let it pass
ever again.  Do you understand?"
        I did not respond.  I was embarrassed and angry all at
the same time.  I wanted to tell this woman to fuck off and
go suck an egg, but just felt sure I better not say that.
        "I asked a question young lady, you will answer."
        She stared at me, her eyes glaring directly into mine.
She seemed so stern and harsh, finally I said, almost in a
whisper, "Yes Miss Victoria, I understand."
       "Very good Julie.  Now Miss Lori will fit you for your
uniform."
        I stood there waiting for Miss Lori to fit me.  She
walked over with a tape measure in hand and ordered me to
put my hands out straight from my shoulders and spread my
legs open about two feet.  I did so.  She measured my
breasts then my waist, then my hips, and finally, causing me
much embarrassment she slipped her hand up to my crotch and
measured from my pussy lips down to my ankles.  When she was
finished she went back to the counter and wrote all the
measurements down.  She disappeared into the rows of hanging
clothing and after a long time she returned with several
items in hand.
        "In this school Julie, you shall wear no bra, nor
underwear, no hose or panty hose.  You will wear this
blouse," Miss Victoria handed me a shear white blouse.  "And
this wrap around skirt.  During sporting activities these
shorts will be worn and when it is chilly these slacks will
be worn.  There will be five changes of clothing for you and
the rest will be sent to your room.  You may dress now."
        Slowly I put the shear blouse on over my erect nipples.
I was surprised they were so erect, but could feel the
excitement of this type of treatment tingling through my
body.  I knew, if I could touch myself, I would find my
pussy dripping with my juices.  I was really turned on by
all of this.
        Next I put on the skirt.  If you can call it a skirt.
It wrapped around the waist and was secured by velcro at the
waist and mid-way down, even with my pussy.  I was then
handed a pair of flat, black loafers to wear and told a pair
of tennis shoes would be supplied later.
        Miss Victoria then escorted me to my room and directed
me to place my personal items on the bed and put them away
later.
          I was then taken to another office, on the door was
written administration.  Miss Victoria escorted me in and
asked the clerk behind the counter for my file.  She handed
it to her and Miss Victoria read through it slowly, as I
stood behind her.
        "Miss Katherine, have you prepared Julie's class
schedule?"
        "Yes Miss Victoria.  Here is her class schedule and a
map of the school.  Oh and this her tag for excuse."
        "Very good Miss Katherine.  Julie," Miss Victoria
turned around to me, "This tag is to be worn by you today
and today only.  It will excuse you for one day only of any
infractions of the rules.  Tonight you will study the rules
and tomorrow there shall be no excuses.  This is your class
schedule and a map on how to get to your classes.  I shall
take you to your first class then you are on your own for
the rest of the day.  Come along."  She finished talking and
turned on her heels and walked towards the door.  I followed
behind her like a little puppy dog.
        My first class was English Literature with Miss Karen.
Miss Karen was also to be my 'guidance' counselor.  Miss
Victoria took me inside and Miss Karen seated me in the
front row of the class.
        The rest of the day I was on my own.  I had Miss
Bonnie, a mean looking bitch for Science and it turned out
she also taught physical education as well and I had her
later in the afternoon again.  I also had Miss Diana for
history and Miss Judith for, get this course, etiquette,
Miss Barbara for math, and Miss Michele for art.  Miss
Michele seemed to be the nicest one of them all.  She didn't
look mean either, whereas the others looked stern and mean
at the same time.
        Once school was over I went back to the room assigned
me.  On my bed, beside my belongings was a note from Miss
Victoria instructing me that in addition to my homework I
was to also read and understand all the rules in the booklet
she had given me earlier.  I picked up the booklet, after
dropping my load of books onto the bed and sat down and
began reading.  Before I had gotten past the first page, the
history of the school, in walked Sandra, one of my roomies.
        "Hi there! I'm Sandra, what's your name?"
        "Hi, I'm Julie."
        "I see you are reading the book of do's and don'ts,"
Sandra chuckled a little as she spoke.  "You better read it
carefully.  You'll be more than sorry if you do any of the
don'ts in that book."
        "Why," I asked in wonderment, "what happens if you do
one of the don'ts?"
        "Oh, the book explains it all.  I wouldn't want to tell
you, it would be like telling you who did it in a murder
mystery before you finished reading it.  I've got to get to
my studies now, I'm headed for the library.  See ya later
Julie."
        "Okay Sandra, see ya."  I said, as I went back to
reading.
        I won't bore you with everything that was in this book.
Basically it covered manners, responding to adults and
authority figures.  Specific rules about study, homework,
eating, bathing, keeping our rooms neat and orderly, being
quiet and when we could talk and could not talk.  It also
covered skipping classes, fighting with another student, and
disobeying a specific instruction of a person in authority.
All where followed by the statement that the proper
punishment would be administered.  It also singled out
specific infractions that would be disciplined immediately
and others would require a staying in your counselor's room
for closer supervision.
        Suddenly the door opened again and in walked Sandra
once again.  "Come on Julie, it's time for dinner.  If you
are late you don't eat you know."
        "Oh, okay," I said as I stood and walked to the door.
Sandra and I walked down the hallway in silence.  Whenever I
started to say anything to her she put her fingers to her
lips and shook her head no.  I remembered one of the rules
was that talking in the hallways was not permitted, except
after dinner.  Once inside the cafeteria Sandra said it was
okay to talk now.  I asked her about our other two roomies
and she informed me they were staying with their guidance
counselors right now and would not be back until the
weekend.
        While in the cafeteria, I saw for the first time, the
immediate discipline given for talking back to an authority
figure.  One girl, loudly said to Miss Karen, that she had
no intentions of eating the broccoli given her.  Miss Karen
told her she would or she would sit there until she did.
The girl stood up and told Miss Karen to eat it herself and
started to walk away.  Miss Karen grabbed her by the arm,
reached out and pulled at her skirt, pulling it completely
off, placed her foot up on one of the bench then pulled the
girl over her knee and swiftly and firmly smacked her bare
bottom numerous times.
        "She'll get twenty five in all," Sandra whispered to
me, as we all sat watching this poor girl get paddled by
Miss Karen.  "She's one of the worst in here," Sandra
continued to whisper very quietly, "she hits harder and has
a shorter fuse than anyone else."
        "Oh great," I said, "she's my guidance counselor."
Sandra did not respond, she simply patted my arm.
        When the spanking was over, Miss Karen forced the girl
to sit down, without her skirt, and eat her entire dinner.
Miss Karen stood behind her the entire time, until the last
piece of food was eaten from the plate.
        The food was alright, not the greatest, but it was a
well rounded meal.  Since there were no snacks or eating in
between meals permitted I ate my entire dinner without
hesitation.
        Sandra and I left the dining room.  As we walked back
to our room we talked about the girl who had just been
spanked by Miss Karen.  She was crimson red from
embarrassment during the spanking and after it, her bottom
was just as red as her face.  Sandra said this was the only
type of discipline ever given in this school.  Any
infraction would bring at least fifteen to twenty five
swats.  The swats would be with the open hand.  If the
disobedience or misbehavior were more severe it would bring
twenty five smacks with a paddle or strap.  Anything more
serious, could bring a week's stay with your guidance
counselor.  Sandra did tell me the guidance counselor's were
rotated every month.  So this month I had Miss Karen and
next I could have Miss Bonnie or even Miss Victoria herself.

                                     ...Continued in part 2.
