A STORY FROM CAROL ABOUT A BI EXPERIENCE WITH AN OLD FRIEND. YOU CAN WRITE
TO CAROL OR EDDIE .... HANDLE ON NIX-PIX .... CAROL EDDIE
 
                       ENJOY!
 
 
 
     Five years ago, I was carrying my groceries to the car in the parking
lot when I crashed into another woman loaded down with the same.  We both
started to apologize, then shrieked with delight and embraced.
 
     Connie had been my best friend.  We grew up together and had known each
other for nearly twenty years, even though we'd sort of lost touch a couple
of years back.  We went to high school together and even lost our cherries
to the same guy!  Boy, those were the days.
 
     She and her husband had moved just a few blocks from where my husband,
Eddie, and I lived, so I followed her back to their place.  She got out a
bottle of Harvey's Bristol Cream to celebrate, and soon we were sitting on
the settee, drinking and giggling, carrying on just like it used to be.
 
     Suddenly, Connie leaned forward and asked,  "Is Eddie any good, you
know, in bed? I mean, do you have an orgasm when you fuck?"
 
     It wasn't like Connie to be so bold, but I answered her anyway.
"Sure," I said, "most times.  How about you and Frank?"
 
     "Oh," gushed Connie, "Frank is a sex maniac and wants it all the time."
She giggled.  "Do you want to know what he does?"
 
     "Sure."
 
     "He does this," she continued and put her hand to my lap, pressing into
my pubes.  I felt her finger rubbling my slit through my skirt and both of
us burst out laughing.  She continued her demonstration of Frank's tactics
by squeezing my now swelling pussy lips.
 
     I didn't protest and asked, "Does it always feel this good when he does
it to you?"
 
     "Oh, yes," she responded,  "He always does it to me in public knowing
quite well the kick I get out of it."
 
     "It sure feels nice when you do it to me."
 
     "Does it?" she asked, her hand under my skirt now and creeping up my
thighs reaching for my panties.
 
     I felt tremors rolling up from my pussy, "What are you doing?" I asked
huskily.
 
     "Do you mind?"
 
     I opened my legs wider in response and felt her finger creep under the
elastic band on my panties.  She probed about carefully at first, getting
the lay of my moist cunt, and then she stuffed her fingers deep in my wet
hole.
 
     She kept fingering me until our lips met across one another's and we
fell into a hot embrace on the couch.  I never felt so inflamed and hot
before and suddenly I wanted to eat her!
 
     Pushing her back and pulling her legs wide apart, I began to feed
hungrily at her pink gash.  I'd never eaten pussy before, but I loved it,
especially the way her excitement drooled out to cover my nose.  Her clit
was marvelously meaty and I chewed it gently between my teeth all the while
fingering her juicing hole.
 
     Connie arched to allow me better access to her throbbing cunt and I
lunged into it licking, chewing and sucking like I'd never be satisfied.  I
didn't know it could be this pleasurable, the taste and feel of another
woman's body, so I sucked her harder and harder, finally bringing that pussy
off to a creamy climax.
 
     In the hours that followed,  Connie made love to me and showed me
another whole side of my sexual self.  No longer would I be strictly a mans
woman, I remember thinking to myself, and that's how it is to this day.
                -------------------------------------------
 
OTHER HOT COUPLES ...... WRITE TO US AND TURN US ON!!!!  CAROL EDDIE
 
