The Girls School

Part 3

by Ca.H.

	My first experience of punishment here turned out to be
something I quite enjoyed.  Miss Karen finally permitted me
to leave and go on to my class.  I was not permitted to
clean up however, and went through the entire day being able
to smell my sex, as I'm sure everyone else did also.  
	When classes were over and I headed back to my room, I
made a quick stop at the bathroom with showers and took a
very quick one.  When I got into my room Sandra was there. 
She stood in the corner of the room, facing it, totally
nude, while Miss Bonnie stood behind her.  It was obvious,
from the color of her buttocks she had been punished for
once reason or another.  Miss Bonnie turned around quickly
when I entered and shot a stare at me, as though I didn't
belong here.  I closed the door anyway and stood quietly
near the door.
	"Who are you and what are you doing in here?" Miss
Bonnie barked at me.
	"I'm Julie Bartman, ma'am and this is my assigned
room."  I said without hesitation nor fear of reprisal.
	"You will sit down there," she pointed at the chair
near the desk.  "You may watch in silence while your room
mate is punished.  Sandra has been a very naughty girl
today, haven't you Sandra?"
	"Yes ma'am," Sandra responded in a whisper and meekly.
	"Speak up child," Miss Bonnie said as she reached out
and slapped Sandra's already reddened ass.  "Tell your
roomie what you did that was naughty.  Turn around and face
her and tell her, then tell her what punishment you want."
	"Yes ma'am," Sandra said, slowly turning to face away
from the wall.  Her face was streaked from tears and she was
flush with embarrassment.  Once she was completely turned
around she cleared her throat and said, "I was very naughty
today.  I was caught cheating on an exam in science class
today.  I looked over at my lab partner's paper to see her
answer and when I realized she was correct and I was wrong I
erased my answer and changed it.  Miss Bonnie saw me.  I
want Miss Bonnie to teach me not to be naughty again and
spank me harshly as a reminder not to do anything like this
again.  It is for my own good."  Sandra finished, not saying
her words as though she believed them herself.
	Miss Bonnie turned back to me now, "She would, in
ordinary circumstances, be sent to stay with me for a week. 
However this week I have two badly behaving girls staying
with me already.  So Sandra will receive her punishment each
day in her room, after classes.  If you are here, you will
watch.  Perhaps it will teach you to behave and not fall
into the same trap as Sandra."  Miss Bonnie turned back
around to Sandra and ordered her to the bed.
	"Lay across the bed, putting your knees on the floor as
before, place your hands on the other side of the bed and
spread your legs wide."  Sandra did as instructed.
	Miss Bonnie moved to the side of Sandra, picking up a
leather strap that lay on the bed near Sandra's head, and
flexed it in the air a few times.  I shuddered at the
thought of it hitting my or Sandra's ass.  My ass was still
burning from the spanking Miss Karen had administered this
morning.  Yet, inspite of the threatening manner in which
Miss Bonnie wielded the strap, I could feel my pussy
dripping with my juices.  Miss Bonnie pulled her arm back
about half the distance she actually could and the leather
strap slapped into Sandra's bare bottom.  Again and again
she swung it, each time striking in the same area as before,
until Sandra finally screamed out from the pain.  Miss
Bonnie stopped the spanking.
	"On the bed young woman, and on your back, legs spread,
hands above your head."  Miss Bonnie ordered with a harsher
tone than she used before.  Sandra slowly got to the top of
the bed and rolled over onto her back.  I could see her
flinch with pain when her well spanked ass touched the top
of the bed.  Miss Bonnie then went to the head of the single
bed and secured Sandra's hands to the posts.  She moved to
the end of the bed and did the same with her legs, leaving
her spread open and exposed on the bed.  She moved back to
the head of the bed and reached for a scarf that lay on my
bed and rolled it up and pushed it into Sandra's mouth.  She
then walked back to the other side of the bed and from the
floor retrieved a thin, flexible birch stick and moved back
to the end of the bed.
	"If you scream during a spanking you know what happens
Sandra.  Ten strokes on the pussy with the birch.  Then we
will continue the spanking.  You have fifteen more strokes
from the strap coming to you."
	Sandra said nothing of course, for the scarf was in her
mouth.  I was now terrified by what was happening.  I could
not imagine myself in this position and yet knew all too
well it could happen.
	Miss Bonnie pulled the birch stick over her left
shoulder and with a flick of the wrist she brought it down
directly on Sandra's open pussy.  Hitting her clit and the
lips of her cunt.  Sandra reacted with a muffled scream
through the scarf and twisted her hips about on the bed. 
Quickly, Miss Bonnie brought the birch back again and once
again struck Sandra's clit.  Her accuracy was remarkable,
for each stroke landed in almost the exact same spot each
time.  I could see, from my vantage point, which was just
off to the right of the spread eagle Sandra, her cunt
opening and her juices flowing easily from her.  The birch
whipped through the air again and with a resounding snap hit
Sandra again, and again, until Miss Bonnie reached nine.  On
the ninth stroke Sandra's body shuddered with what could
only be described as a overpowering orgasm.  Miss Bonnie did
not give her much time to recover and swung the birch again
directly on her clit, causing still another wracking orgasm
to flood her body.
	Finally it was over and Miss Bonnie released Sandra
from the bed and ordered her to her knees again with her
upper body laying over the bed's side.  Again the strap was
taken to her fiery red buttocks and without much pause
fifteen hard lashes were given to Sandra.  Miss Bonnie let
her lay there for a few minutes.  Sandra's breathing was
fast and hard.
	"On your hands and knees now girl, over here." Miss
Bonnie ordered, pointing to the floor space in front of her. 
Sandra moved slowly to the spot and went down on her hand,
for she had crawled there on her knees. 
	Miss Bonnie walked behind her and knelt down close to
her burning ass.  One hand caressed Sandra's burning
asscheeks and the other reached in front of her and probed
her well beaten pussy.  Sandra, within a very short time,
shook and shivered, falling into Miss Bonnie body for
support.  Miss Bonnie held her there for a moment then
commanded her to stand.  Slowly Sandra did so, having
trouble moving her now exhausted and sore body.  Miss Bonnie
walked to Sandra's desk and pulled the chair out and told
Sandra to sit in that chair for one hour.  She then
retrieved her punishment tools and left the room.
	I sat looking at Sandra in amazement.  I couldn't
believe what had just happened, yet knew it had, nor could I
believe Sandra could sit down.  I had seen the scarlet color
of her bare bottom and was astonished she could sit at all.
	"Did you enjoy the show?"  Sandra finally asked.
	"Not really," I lied, in the hopes to comfort her.  For
the truth was I was hotter than I ever dreamed I could be.
	"It was all for nothing.  I didn't cheat, and she knew
it.  But she hadn't had the privilege of punishing me lately
so she took an opportunity that sounded reasonable."
	"You're kidding!  Why don't you tell your parents about
what is going on here?"  I asked naively.
	"Are you kidding me?  You mean you don't know?"
	"Know what?"
	"You really don't know do you," Sandra went on to say. 
"We're here because of our parents and they know full well
what goes on here.  They sign a release when we enter and it
spells everything out.  They are told all about this before
any of us are ever brought here.  When we get to be seniors
we will meet with a school for boys and be paired off with
one of them.  These boys are being taught how keep a slave,
that's us baby."
	I couldn't believe my ears.  I didn't want to believe
what I was hearing and yet, deep down, I knew it was true. 
My dad had often taken that role with my mom.  I recall
hearing my dad, late at night, when they thought I was
asleep, yelling at my mom, saying, 'on your knees slave and
suck my cock'.  I also heard the resounding blows a leather
strap hitting my mom.  I assumed it was my mom because I
could hear her whimper each time the sound of leather
snapped.  I couldn't describe what I felt just now.  I was
angry, not furious is a better word.  I wanted to run from
this place and yet I knew I would not get far.  My heart
slowly sank.
	"You didn't know, did you Julie?"  Sandra finally said.
	"No, no I didn't.  I can't believe this."
	"Well it is true.  They are all here to teach us how to
serve.  Pain and pleasure are the motto for this place.  If
you don't get pleasure from the pain they teach it to you. 
They will play with you until you are hot and ready then
leave you until you beg for anything to bring that release. 
Each punishment will always involve bringing you to orgasm."
	"But you even came when Miss Bonnie was using the birch
on your clit.  Didn't that hurt more than it brought
pleasure?"
	"The first few times it hurts so much you think you
will pass out.  But then after they have administered the
stick to you, they always rub you until you cum.  Then they
increase the number of strokes with the birch and before you
know it you cum without being touched.  Waiting until you
have your breasts put into a circle clamp, so the nipples
stand erect, and they spank those.  You will go wild the
first few times of this, but the pleasure is beyond belief. 
They will do anything to you and everything to you, except
scar you for life."
	I couldn't believe it.  My parents put me here for this
purpose and said nothing.  No wonder my dad sheepishly
walked from the room without saying a word.  I wanted to
kill him.
	"Wait until you have to stay with your counselor the
first time.  Boy are you in for some surprises.  When you
are finished with that you will think there is no part of
your body that can be touched it will be so sore."
	Suddenly we heard a commotion in the hall.  I went to
the door and opened it only slightly.  There across from our
room stood Miss Victoria with a girl standing before her
totally nude.  Miss Victoria was ordering her to her hands
and knees and then slapped at her ass with her open hand
twenty or so times then pushed in fingers in between her
legs and rubbed the girl's clit until the girl fell against
her.  Once this happened, Miss Victoria started the process
over again.
	"Close the door Julie, or you'll be out there in a
minute." Sandra whispered.  I slowly closed the door,
turning the knob so it would not make a clicking sound.
	"What else do they teach us Sandra?" I asked
inquisitively now.
	"You'll be taught how to suck a cock properly.  How to
swallow and take a man's cum without losing a drop.  You'll
also be taught to eat out a woman's pussy and suck her tits,
so you give the most pleasure.  There are many things they
will do that will make you wish you weren't here.  Like
placing you in diapers and having to ask to go to the
bathroom.  If you don't make it in time and dirty the
diapers you get spanked but are given no pleasure.  There
will be hours of teasing and not being permitted to cum. 
They use ropes to stimulate your clit and make you wear them
all day long.  Sometimes they put a dildo into your cunt and
a butt plug into your ass then strap it into you so it can't
be removed.  Then just to add to that, they thrash your ass
until it is so sore you can hardly sit down.  They can and
will do anything they want to you.  Even put clips on your
nipples and makes you wear them for hours on end.  Yup, your
in for a big surprise Julie."
	I walked back over to the chair at my desk and sat
down.  I just sat glaring at Sandra.  I couldn't believe
this was happening, not to me.  Suddenly the door opened and
Miss Bonnie entered the room.  Sandra immediately put her
head down when she entered.
	"Your hour is up young woman.  You can stand now and
lean over the end of the bed."  Sandra stood and moved to
the end of the bed and leaned forward.  Miss Bonnie pulled a
velvet bag from her side and opened it, reached in and
pulled out a large dildo.  This dildo was very thick and
about nine inches long.  Sandra leaned over the end of the
bed with her legs spread wide and Miss Bonnie took the dildo
and pushed it deep into Sandra's hot cunt.  She then reached
in and pulled out a butt plug and ordered Sandra to pull her
asscheeks open and without lubrication pushed the butt plug
slowly into Sandra's anus.  Miss Bonnie then slapped at her
ass and told her to stand.  Sandra did so, still with legs
spread wide.  Miss Bonnie put a strap around Sandra's waist
then hooked another strap to the back of the one around her
waist and pulled it snugly through her legs and secured it
in the front.
	"You will wear that for the next few hours.  If you
need to relieve yourself you will find me and ask for
permission.  Do you understand?"
	"Yes ma'am." Sandra responded with head still bowed.
	Miss Bonnie then left the room.  Sandra slowly lowered
herself on to the bed and looked back at me.
	"I told you didn't I?"  Sandra said.
	"Yea, but I still can't believe it." 
	"Well believe it.  It will happen to you too.  Sooner
or later."
	"Ah, Sandra, how does it feel?" I questioned.
	"Filling," she laughed slightly, " it feels like I'm
stuffed to my navel.  It doesn't bring any satisfaction
sexually.  It keeps your juices flowing but because there is
no movement of the plugs there is no satisfaction.  You feel
like you are ready to cum and yet you know it won't happen."
	I could not believe all of this.  Yet I knew it was
happening.  I dreaded it in my future in one regard and yet
felt an excitement stir deep within me in another.  I wanted
something new and exciting to happen to me, yet wasn't sure
I wanted it to be what Sandra was going through.  What I
didn't know, was the I didn't have long to wait for my turn
with Miss Karen.