The Girls School

Part 4

by Ca.H.

		The rest of my first week was fairly uneventful. 
But by Saturday, when Constance and Christine, Sandra's and
my other two roommate returned, Miss Karen found a reason to
make me have to stay with her for the next seven days.  I
had, according to Miss Karen, used several foul words after
having been warned not to use them.  
	I gathered up the few items I needed and went off to
Miss Karen's apartment.  The teachers actually had small
apartments with a kitchen and everything.  When I arrived at
her apartment I knocked lightly on the door.  It swung open
almost immediately and Miss Karen ordered me to enter.  I
walked in, brushing her breasts lightly as I moved past her. 
Once inside she closed the door firmly and then reached back
to me and pulled at the back of my skirt taking it
completely off me.  
	"Sit the things down on the bed in the other room Julie
and remove your blouse.  You will be nude the entire time
you are in this apartment.  That means, as soon as your
classes are over you return here and take everything off." 
She continued to talk even as I entered the bedroom and
placed my things on the queen sized bed.  I removed my
blouse quickly then returned to the living room to a waiting
Miss Karen.  
	I glanced around the room quickly seeing things that
made total sense to me now since Sandra told me about this
school.  Miss Karen walked in front of me and looked down at
me, "You'll learn what each item is used for before the week
is over, I promise you that little girl."  She said sternly
without expression.  
	I looked at this woman standing before me.  She is
really quite attractive.  She is in her late thirties,
stands about five foot seven, weighs about 135 pounds with
all the curves in the proper places, as a man would say.
	She reached down to my breasts and her fingers began to
gently touch the pink nipples.  Within a moment they became
erect and firm, extending almost a full half inch.  She then
pinched each nipple lightly and my body shivered at the
pressure she put on them.
	"You will call me Mistress while you are here.  You
will be punished daily for your behavior that caused you to
be here.  If you should misbehave any more there will be
additional punishment brought to you.  Now place your hands
in front of you, putting your wrists together."
	I did as instructed and Miss Karen hooked a strap
around both wrists, pulling it firmly then securing it in
place.  There was a hook in the strap and she reached up,
above my head and pulled down a rope with a snap attached to
the end of it and hooked the snap to the wrist strap.  She
then walked to the other side of the room and suddenly my
hands were being pulled upward toward the ceiling as she
pulled at the rope.  When I was stretched, almost on tip toe
she stopped pulling the rope.  She came back to me and
placed a spreader bar between my feet, slapping at my
ankles, telling me to spread my legs wider.  After I did so,
she then attached the spreader bar straps to each ankle. 
She then placed a small, penis shaped rubber dildo into my
mouth then secured it with a leather strap behind my head.
	Her hands started to move over my body.  She began at
my shoulders and slowly slid them down my sides to my hips,
then over my stomach, then to my buttocks, making certain
not to touch my pussy or my breasts.  Then she stopped and
left the room.  
	It was only a moment and she returned with a towel,
razor and shaving cream in hand.  She knelt down before me
and slowly her fingers rubbed my pubic mound.  She spread
shaving cream on one hand and moved to my pussy and rubbed
it in thoroughly.  I could feel myself tingle with each
touch and my pussy was dripping with moisture.  Slowly she
began to shave my spread opened mound, moving carefully in
between my thighs until finally all the hair was gone.  She
wiped the remaining shaving cream from my pussy then left
the room again.  
	When she returned she pushed a large mirror in front of
me and ordered me to look at myself.  My hairless pussy
looked like a child's.  The lips protruding and puffy.  She
slowly put baby oil on her hand and then stood behind me and
began to rub it into my freshly shaved lips.  I looked away
and she ordered me to watch her in the mirror.  I turned my
head back and watched as her fingers made their way deeper
into my slit.  She rubbed with a tenderness that I didn't
think she was capable of.  Slowly she teased my pussy,
pressing her fingers in between the outer the lips then
finally finding my clit and massaging it slowly, gently,
almost as if to caress it.  When my body responded to her
movement, she stopped.  I wanted her to bring me off, but
knew she had no intention of doing so.  My hips moved
forward then back, touching her pelvis.  She pushed with her
flat stomach into my buttocks and pressed me forward again
until her fingers were forced back into my pussy.  Then she
withdrew her fingers and moved in front of me and smiled.
	She again left the room.  I strained to see her in the
mirror but to no avail.  Suddenly she appeared behind me
again with a leather paddle in her hand. She made certain I
saw the paddle then moved back to the rope on the other side
of the room and lowered my arms.  She came back, leaving my
wrists bound she unhooked the rope and then, to my surprise,
lifted me from behind and carried me to the table about
fifteen feet away.  
	Once there, she pushed me down so I was bent over the
table and then secured my arms to the opposing side with a
rope that hung on the side of the table.  She moved to my
side, reached out to my bare buttocks and rubbed them
tenderly.  I felt my nerve ends tingle at the touch.  Her
fingers kneaded the fleshy mounds then pressed in between my
cheeks and teased my anus.  She pressed further down my slit
until her fingers were buried in my love hole and she slowly
thrust them in and out.  I was dripping wet already and this
was causing me more excitement.  My hips jerked from the
table slightly and as they did she pulled her hands from me. 
I was burning inside with the desire to cum.
	With a forcefulness the leather paddle struck my ass. 
It stung and yet my pussy tingled at the same time.  With
each smack of the paddle my pussy throbbed more and more. 
As I began to thrash my hips about in an attempt to be
satisfied, she would stop the spanking and leave me there in
my agony.  When she felt I had come down some it would start
again.  I tried to count, I lost track someplace around
thirty swats.  But this starting and stopping was kept up
for what seemed like hours, but in reality it was only an
hour and half.  By the time she stopped again I was begging
through my gagged mouth to be permitted to cum.
	"Punishment means discomfort child.  You will not be
permitted to cum yet.  I can see by your hot juices running
down your legs that this is what you want, but it will not
happen, not yet."
	Miss Karen left the room and left me there yearning to
cum and burning from the paddling my ass had received.  She
left me there for at least thirty minutes then returned and
the process began again.  Finally after another hour of this
she stopped, still not letting me cum, undid my hands and
took the spreader bar from my between my legs.  She removed
the gag from my mouth and the dryness of it was finally felt
by me.
	She pulled me up, grabbing my arm and led me to the
kitchen.  She got me a glass of water and handed it to me. 
I drank the entire glass at once.  She then led me back
through the bedroom to the bath and ordered me to relieve
myself.  I did so without further discussion, not being
given any privacy to do so.  When I finished she reached
down and wiped me.  I was embarrassed by this but said
nothing.  My ass hurt as I sat there and didn't want to
encourage her to strike it more.
	She then led me to the bed and ordered me to lay down. 
I did so, laying on my back as she said.  She pulled at my
feet, first one then the other securing each to the outer
posts of the queen size bed.  I was spread eagle about as
far as was possible.  She then took my hands and secured
them in the same manner to head of the bed.
	"Do you like spankings child?" she asked as she
tightened my wrist to the bedpost.  I didn't not respond and
this brought a slap to my breasts.  I screamed at the
sharpness of the slap which hit directly on my extended
nipple.
	"Yes Miss Karen." I meekly answered.
	Again another slap to the other nipple, "I told you
didn't I, to call me Mistress while you spend this time
here?"
	"Yes Mistress," I said very quietly.
	She sat down on the side of the bed and began to slowly
tease my flesh.  Moving her fingers all over my body and yet
making certain not to touch my nipples or my pussy area.  I
was burning inside, I wanted to feel a cock inside me so
badly I began to weep.  She reached down to my nipples and
slowly fingered them, bringing them even more erect than
they already were.  When she had achieved what she desired,
she reached to the nightstand by the bed and pulled out the
drawer and brought out two clips that looked very much like
clothes pins.  She reached back and placed one on my right
nipple, I screamed at the pressure they caused.  She reached
to the nightstand again, came back with a soft ball and
pushed it into my opened mouth.  She then placed the other
clip on my left nipple.  When I jerked around on the bed,
she pulled her hand back and with expert aim brought it down
directly on my right pinched nipple.  I shrieked through the
ball gag.  She repeated the same action to the left breast. 
She rose from the bed and went to a dresser across the room
and opened it.  I strained to see what she was doing, but
could not get my head up high enough to see.  When she
returned to the side of the bed I still could not see what
was concealed in her hand behind her back.  Whatever it was
she laid it on the bed and brought both hands to my face and
placed a blindfold across my eyes.  I now felt totally
helpless.  I was hers and nothing was going to change that
fact.  Suddenly I felt a hard object probing my spread wide
pussy and then the vibration began.  My hips jerked as the
first reaction to this intruder.  Suddenly a wide strap was
crossed over my flat stomach and I was held flat to the bed. 
The sensations I felt were too much, I exploded with a mind
blowing orgasm.  My ass hurt from the blistering it had been
given, my pussy was so sensitive without hair, my nipples
were in constant stimulation from the clips on them and then
the vibrator pushed deep within me.  Orgasm after orgasm
rushed through me until I think I finally just passed out.  
	When I woke I was untied and laying on my side on the
bed.  No clips attached to my nipples, no vibrator in my hot
pussy, no strap over my stomach.  When I went to move, my
asscheeks touched the bed and I was reminded that this was
no dream.  I glanced down to my pussy and sure enough my
little girl pussy lips were clearly visible.  I lay there
wondering what was going to happen next.  
	I reflected on the day's events thus far.  At first, I
must admit I was angry, but now  I realized this is what I
wanted all along.  I was always finding things to do wrong
and get into trouble over when I was at home because I
wanted to be punished, spanked and teased.  My mind flashed
back to when my dad had gotten his brand new BMW and gave me
specific instructions not to take that car for a joy ride or
he'd make me pay for sure.  Of course with a challenge like
that I just had to take it, and somehow, dad knew I would. 
When I got home, after driving his precious little gem, he
was waiting for me with a belt in his hand.  He made me go
to my room and take everything off and lay on the bed with
two pillows under my hips.  He doubled that belt over and
smacked at my bare ass time after time.  He would pause a
few moments then start again.  I don't know how many times
he slapped me but I had at least four orgasms during that
blistering.  It was a blistering.  My ass actually had
blisters on it and I couldn't sit down for three days
without a lot of pain.  But each time I did sit down my cunt
flowed with my juices.  I tried several times after this
episode to get dad that angry at me again, but he never did. 
He spanked me, but not like he did that night.
	While I thought about this my fingers found their way
to my slit and I began to rub my clit slightly, getting
hotter and hotter.
	Suddenly my hand was slapped away.  Lost in my thoughts
I didn't notice Miss Karen had come into the room.
	"You were told not to masturbate and I told you
specifically not to touch yourself without permission.  I
guess you haven't learned your lesson yet."  She barked this
at me.  I was frightened at her tone of voice.
	"On your knees girl, put your head down to the bed and
your hands under your head.  I want that ass up high."
	Quickly I did as instructed.
	"Please Mistress, I won't do it again.  Pleasssssssse!"
I pleaded.  Knowing full well that it would do no good.  I
have noticed it is easier to talk a man out of punishment
than it is a woman.  I also have noticed that women are much
more severe in their punishment.  If they set out to beat
your ass until you can't sit down that's what they end up
doing.  Men do not, or at least most of the time they don't.
	"There are no reprieves here child and for asking you
will get an additional twenty spanks to your ass.  If you
move we will begin again, you will count out each smack and
say 'Mistress another please' until we are finished.  If you
forget to count or loose track of the count we shall begin
again.  Do you understand?"
	"Yes Mistress." I answered timidly and in fear.
	"This is not a spanking for pleasure child, but for
punishment and will seem quite different from your earlier
spanking.  I promise you, when we are finished you will know
the difference."
	With a suddenness I felt the sting of what appeared to
be a rubber sandal.  I jerked forward a bit but didn't move
more than that.  I called out loud and clear, "One, Mistress
another please." and quickly it was delivered hard and sharp
to my sit spot.  I counted out loud again and asked for
another, again and again until she had delivered twenty five
sharp, severe spanks to my sit spot. Each time she managed
to hit almost the exact same spot.  My ass felt on fire and
yet it reminded me of the night with my dad.
	"Now you will receive the additional twenty for asking
me not to punish you.  Again you will count out, but this
time you will say 'Mistress I've been a defiant little girl,
please Mistress spank me more.'  Do you understand?"
	"Yes Mistress." I responded through my tears.
	"If you forget to say it then I shall administer twenty
additional smacks in quick fashion and the same is true if
you move."
	It began, the rubber sandal slapped my sit spot again
and I screamed with the pain.  It was as if the pause helped
her gain strength and my ass throbbed with the blow.
	"One," I tried to say and the word barely came to my
lips.  "Please Mistress, I've been a defiant little girl,
please Mistress spank me more." I said, scarcely getting the
words from my mouth.  Again the sandal struck my sit spot, I
swear on the exact same spot as before and I screamed again
and rolled to my side.  Without hesitation Miss Karen pulled
me back up so my ass was high in the air and administered
twenty firm, rapid blows to my sit spot.
	"Now we will continue."  She said in a no nonsense tone
of voice.  "We start with one again you disobedient slave."
	Somehow I managed to make it through this!  Don't ask
me how and don't ask me how I remembered to respond to her
each time but finally she reached twenty and the spanking
stopped.  My ass was blazing hot and sore.  There had been
nothing sensual about this spanking and it was clear what
the difference was.  
	"On your back child, legs spread wide." Mistress Karen
ordered.
	I could hardly move, but she did not seem intolerant of
the time it was taking me to do as she had ordered.  Finally
laying on my back, tears still streaming down my

cheeks, my ass hurt so badly I thought I would die.
	"You like touching your cunt, don't you little girl?" 
She asked me, looking me directly in the eyes.
	"Yes Mistress, I do!" I responded sheepishly.
	"Alright then, we will let you feel as though someone
is touching your pussy all the time for awhile.  There are
ways to make that happen." She said then reached out to my
pussy and fingered me, when my juices started to flow, she
slapped my freshly shaved pussy lips with the flat of her
hand.  This did not hurt so much as the pressure caused my
asscheeks to be pressed harder onto the bed and I began to
cry again.
	"On your feet," she ordered.
	Slowly I rose and stood beside the bed, spreading my
legs wide, for I knew she wanted me to do this.  She left
the room and came back with several strands of nylon rope. 
She tied the first strand around my waist then from it she
tied another strand and pulled it between my legs, lining it
up directly over my clit.  She then secured that strand,
through my asscheeks to the back of the one around my waist. 
She pulled it snugly, so it pressed firmly onto my clit. 
She then tied the two remaining strands on the outside lips
of my cunt pressing the one on my clit deeper within me, and
secured both to the one around my waist in front and back. 
I was hemmed up in rope now and my clit was getting
continuous stimulation.
	"You will wear that for at least two hours tonight and
if you cum while it is on you will pay for it dearly."  She
said as she pulled gently at the ropes from behind.  "Now we
will have dinner and you will remain as you are right now. 
Now get to the kitchen."
	I began to walk and the ropes moved over my clit as I
did and the sensation was unbelievable.  I could feel myself
building to orgasm, as Mistress Karen had started the
process with her fingers on me a short time ago.  I tried
not to think about it but it was hard, for with each step I
took, my clit was reminded of its constant stimulator and I
was getting really turned on now.
	I finally made it to the kitchen and Miss Karen and I
prepared dinner.  I did exactly as she told me and took
every care not to spill anything or break anything.  I
didn't want a repeat of another punishment spanking as I had
earlier.  The pain of which still pulsated in my asscheeks. 
Each time I moved the ropes did their job rubbing my clit
and turning me on more and more.  I so wanted to press my
fingers into my pussy and bring myself off and yet knew I
could not.  Every once an awhile Miss Karen would reach for
the ropes from behind and pull on them gently making sure to
stimulate me even more.  It was as if she wanted me to cum
inspite of her instructions.  
	Finally dinner was prepared and she ordered me to sit
at the same table I had been laid over earlier and spanked. 
I went to the chair she pointed to and slowly sat down. 
When my asscheeks touched the chair I felt the tears roll
from my eyes and down my cheeks.  Miss Karen did not act as
if she noticed or did not care, I wasn't sure which.  We ate
in silence and when we were both finished she ordered me to
the kitchen to do the dishes.  I rose and carried the dishes
out to the kitchen and started running the water in the
sink.
	While I washed the dishes she came up behind me and
pressed her body into mine.  Her hands moved to my burning
buttocks and slowly she moved them up and down my ass.  I
moaned from the pain this brought me and yet at the same
time it was bringing me closer and closer to the edge of
orgasm.  She reached over my shoulders and rubbed her hands
down to my breasts.  Her index finger and thumb gently
rolled my nipples then she quickly pinched each one very
hard.  That was it, I fell back into her with an orgasm. 
She pinched again and another wave rushed through me.  She
pulled her hands back to my backside again and pulled hard
on the ropes and again I shook with another orgasm.  Her
hands then cupped my hurting asscheeks, as she increased the
pressure on each cheek I exploded with another orgasm.  She
suddenly release me but still stood behind me, pressed into
my body.
	I turned around to face her and found my face touching
her breasts.  "Please Mistress, I could not help myself,
please don't punish me any more." I pleaded.
	She pressed my face into her breasts and held me
tightly to her.  She said nothing for a short time, but
placed her arms around my back, with one hand touching my
head and the other pressed to my ass.  I began to cry again
at the thought of having my bare bottom spanked again and my
tears were getting her blouse wet.
	"There, there, little one," she said in a whisper. "You
did exactly what I expected you to do.  Now finish the
dishes and we will continue with other new adventures." 
	She was actually tender, motherly even.  I couldn't
believe this was the same person, who, not long ago had
flogged my ass so severely.  She held me close for several
more minutes then released me.  I turned back around to
finish the dishes.

Continued part 5
	