                      Carrie's Mother by Randi Stephenson


"They'll be boarding your flight soon, Carrie.  I think we have about ten
minutes or so."  Carrie sighed and squeezed her legs together.

        "Hey, careful, I still need my fingers!"  Lisa laughed and began to
slip her fingers from Carrie's vagina.  Lisa had volunteered to drive
Carrie to the airport, and Carrie's mom had readily agreed.  After checking
Carrie's bags, they had walked hand in hand to the boarding lounge, where
Lisa had found them seats near the gate, but screened from most of the rest
of the lounge by the ticketing kiosk.  Lisa wanted a little privacy to say
good-bye to Carrie.  Sitting side by side, Lisa had immediately placed
Carrie's carry-on on her lap, and then slid her hand under the waistband of
Carrie's skirt.  She'd spent the last twenty minutes lightly stroking
Carrie's labia, pausing briefly ever so often to insert her fingers into
Carrie's vagina to caress her clitoris.

        "Don't stop, Lisa...this is the last time I'm going to see you for
a long time!  Please...?"  It was Lisa's turn to sigh. Carrie was making
her annual summer pilgrimage to her aunt's house in Vancouver.   It was
only for two months or so, but for a ten-year-old, it might as well be a
few centuries.  Lisa knew how Carrie felt, but knew in a few minutes that
their fun was going to have to end so Carrie could board her plane.  Lisa
used her free hand to reach into the carry-on bag on Carrie's lap, and
began to rummage through it.  She was careful not to disturb it, because it
was concealing the caresses she was giving Carrie with her other hand.

        "I know, sweetheart.  I'm really going to miss you, too. But just
think about how much fun we'll have when you get back. You know, I hid a
present for you in your carry-on.  I had wanted you to discover it
yourself, but I think now would be a good time for it.  Ahh, there it is.
Now,   when I take my fingers out of you, I want you to uncross your legs
and put your feet flat on the floor.   Then spread your thighs a little.
Ready?"  Carrie nodded.

        The present Lisa had gotten for Carrie was a small vibrator. It was
the smallest one she could find, having spent several hours on the net in
search of online sex toy stores.  It was only slightly larger than the two
AAA batteries that powered it.  Lisa glanced around the boarding lounge,
making sure that nobody was taking undue interest in the two girls, and
pulled her fingers free of Carrie's vagina.  She quickly brought her
fingers to her mouth, inhaling Carrie's little-girl musk, and licked the
little girl's precoital lubrication from them.

        "MMM, you taste so good.  Now spread your thighs, little one."
Concealing the vibrator in the palm of her hand, Lisa quickly slid her hand
under Carrie's short denim skirt.  With her fingers, she tugged at the
crotch of Carrie's panties, baring her pudenda.  Lisa knew from the amount
of Carrie's moisture on her fingers that no lubrication would be necessary.
Placing the tip against Carrie's labia, she paused and said, "Do you know
what a vibrator is?"

        Carrie shook her head.

        "It's like a boy's penis, or my finger.  But with one difference.
It vibrates.  This one has three settings.  I'm going to put it on the
medium setting.  That should last you until you get to your aunt's house."
With that, Lisa pushed lightly on the base of the vibrator.  The tip
slipped readily past Carrie's labia and entered her vagina.  Lisa kept a
light pressure on the vibrator until all the but the base was buried deep
in Carrie's vagina.   Sliding her finger into Carrie's vagina underneath
the vibrator, she levered the vibrator up until it was in contact with the
dorsal surface of her vagina.  Sliding her finger out of Carrie, and then
gripping the base of the vibrator between her thumb and index finger, she
twisted the base, past the first detent to the second.

        Pausing briefly to make sure it was operating, Lisa then rearranged
Carrie's panties to hold the vibrator in place, and slid her hand out from
under Carrie's skirt.  Again glancing around to make sure they remained
unobserved, Lisa tugged Carrie's skirt down and then stood up, pulling
Carrie to her feet with her.

        "There.  What do you think?"  Lisa looked down at Carrie, who'd
closed her eyes and looked like she was concentrating on a particularly
tough homework problem.  Lisa continued to watch. Slowly, Carrie opened her
eyes and started to say, "Interesting sensation, but I think I like
you...."  But that was all she got out.  She gasped once, said,
"Ohhhhhhhhhhh," and gently collapsed against Lisa.  Lisa smiled, and
watched as Carrie's orgasm shimmered through her body.  She thought to
herself, I wish I could come like that.  I use to be able to.  I guess I'm
getting old and jaded at sixteen.

        Carrie recovered her composure quickly and glanced up at Lisa.
"Mm, that was nice.  Not like the ones you give me, Lisa, but nice.  I like
the buzzing feeling.  Thank you very much."

        "You are very welcome, sweetheart.   I hope you enjoy yourself."
From overhead, a voice announced the boarding of Carrie's plane.  "C'mon,
Carrie, time to go."

        The two girls walked over to the line of pax at the gate. "Carrie,"
said Lisa into the little girl's ear, "there's a note I put in the
vibrator's box.  It tells you how to take it apart and change the
batteries.  Keep it clean, and make sure you are nice and wet before you
insert it, OK?"   Carrie's eyes glazed over as another orgasm drifted
through her body, but she nodded and tilted her head up to get a good-bye
kiss from Lisa.  Lisa hugged the little girl and kissed her firmly, but
chastely, like a big sister, because the gate attendant was patiently
waiting to get Carrie's boarding pass.   Carrie surrendered the pass, and
Lisa watched her walk carefully down the boarding ramp towards the waiting
jet.  Halfway down the ramp, Carrie paused and leaned against the side of
the ramp for a few seconds.  Lisa wondered if medium was too high a setting
for the vibrator.  But Carrie recovered, and glancing back over her
shoulder at Lisa, smiled and then crossed her eyes in delight.  Blowing a
quick kiss to Lisa, she continued down the ramp and into the jet.   Lisa
waved happily, watching her until she disappeared.

        Lisa made her way out of the terminal to the short term lot where
she'd left Carrie's mother's Suburban.   Driving back to Carrie's house,
Lisa thought about Carrie's mother.  Ever since that odd moment a month
ago, when Mrs. Reynolds' laugh had sent a libidinous signal arcing through
her vagina, Lisa had been working on a plan.  Lisa had never been attracted
to older people -- of either sex -- but  she knew she wanted to make love
to Mrs. Reynolds.   With Carrie gone for awhile, Lisa was ready to embark
on the seduction of  her mother.    Just thinking about Mrs. Reynolds was
making Lisa hot and bothered.  She slid her hand under her skirt and into
her panties, and immediately brought herself to an orgasm.

*    *    *

        Lisa had never seduced an adult before.  She really didn't know
where to begin.  Teens and preteens were a different story. In fact, the
children in her peer group had not provided much resistance to Lisa's
sexual overtures.  Most kids are curious about sex, and Lisa needed only to
provide an opportunity for nature to take its course.  But an adult...?
Lisa had spent several weeks contemplating how best to approach Carrie's
mother. Unfortunately, Lisa found it difficult to concentrate on the
problem.  Just thinking about Ms. Reynolds ignited a dozen erotic images of
her in Lisa's mind:  Ms. Reynolds, sitting on chair, skirt hiked up to her
hips and panties down around her knees...or Ms. Reynolds, lying fully
clothed on a couch, Lisa kneeling beside her, slowly unbuttoning her blouse
with one hand as the other softly squeezes her breasts...image after image
that made rational thought nearly impossible.

        After nearly a month, Lisa finally got a grip on herself. Imagining
herself to be a human computer, like one of Frank Herbert's mentats in
"Dune",  which she had just read, she managed to suppress those images  and
direct her mind towards making those images into a reality.   After some
concentrated effort, she'd come up with a plan, of sorts.  Now that Carrie
was in Vancouver for a while, it was time to get things going.

        Lisa had decided on a simple three-step strategy.  Achieving trust
was the first step.  Lisa figured she'd pretty much accomplished that
already.  Intimacy - emotional and physical, would be the second step.  For
this, she had to be in close proximity to her on a regular basis.
Emotional intimacy would involve confessing some real or imagined sins to
her, and then eliciting comfort-sympathy-absolution from her.  Physical
intimacy would be tricky - how to get physical about their relationship
without being too obvious about it.  The third step would be the
consummation of the first two steps:  trust, leading inevitably to
emotional and physical intimacy, so that when Lisa actually seduced her, it
would seem to be only natural.

        The day after Lisa had chauffeured Carrie to the airport, Lisa gave
Carrie's mom a call.  Lisa had figured out a way to put her into regular
proximity with Ms Reynolds.  She explained that she had enrolled in a
summer calculus course (true) and needed help with the homework (not really
true -- Lisa was a very bright girl) and could Ms. Reynolds help her?
Please?

        "Well, Lisa, I don't know...."

        "I can afford to pay you, not a lot right now, but I can get
more..."

        "Oh, don't be silly, dear!  I could never charge you for anything!
I like you too much.  You are smart and reliable and I hope you rub off on
Carrie.   The thing is, I haven't opened a text book in a very long time.
I use calculus in my work, but the techniques I'm most familiar with are
way beyond introductory stuff, and I'm afraid I don't remember the basics.
But, I'll try.  When do you start?"

        "Started last week, actually.  The first assignment is due in three
days.  I've completed it, but would you mind going over it for me?"

        "If you don't mind the fact that I've probably forgotten everything
I learned in Calc 101 -- bring it over here tomorrow evening, if that's
convenient for you, and we'll have a go at it."

        "Oh, thank you, Ms Reynolds.  I'll be there about seven. Thank you
so much!"

        "And Lisa...?"

        "Yes?"

        "My name is Theresa.  Please call me Terry.  Whenever you call me
"Ms. Reynolds", I keep looking over my shoulder for my mother-in-law."

        "Okay, sure.  Bye, Terry!"

        As the weeks of summer passed, Lisa worked her strategy. Lisa's
class met twice a week in the evenings, with a homework assignment due
every other class.  Terry Reynolds remembered more about the basics than
she had figured possible, and after her initial reluctance, began to look
forward to her tutoring sessions with Lisa, for that's what they'd turned
into.    Lisa came by after every class, for a couple of hours, and also
whenever she had trouble (real or feigned) with one of the homework
problems.  So Lisa was seeing Carrie's mother three or four times a week.
And after each session she would rush home and masturbate, the image of the
older woman flickering through her mind as she caressed her in her
imagination.

        The sessions became a ritual with both women.  Lisa would arrive in
the late evening, and for an hour or so they would go over Lisa's lecture
notes.  Then they'd work example problems, and laugh with delight if their
answer matched the answer in the book.  Lisa loved hearing Terry laugh.
Sometimes, they'd order Chinese or pizza, and put the books and notes away
and eat a late supper, and then relax and watch television or just talk.
After several of these sessions, Lisa felt it was time to try for some
intimacy.

        One night, after watching the late news, which featured a story on
the controversial drug decriminalization and enforcement abatement
legislation that was in parliament right now, Lisa asked Terry how she felt
about drugs like marijuana and mushrooms, compared to cocaine and heroin.
She told the older woman she couldn't understand why the government of both
her country and their big neighbor to the south were pissed off about the
recreational use of some fungus and a weed.

        Ms Reynolds was silent for a moment, gazing intently at Lisa with a
slight frown pursing her lips.  Oops, thought Lisa, I've touched on a bad
subject.  Oh well, better ride it out. But the next words out of the older
woman's mouth pleasantly surprised her.

        "It's interesting to hear someone your age say that.  I'd thought
most kids today had been brainwashed into thinking all drugs were bad.  The
bloody Americans are absolutely the worst. Oh, don't get me started.  I'm a
scientist, and there is nothing worse than people who distort data to serve
their political purposes."

        "Well, yeah, I think I know what you mean.  Can I tell you a
secret?"  Lisa gazed up at Terry, who nodded.

        "Of course, dear."

        Without preamble, Lisa said, "I've tried grass, and mushrooms, and
I don't think they are harmful.  No more so than any of the legal drugs,
anyway, and probably a lot less harmful than the big social drugs like
alcohol and nicotine.  So why am I made into a criminal because I like to
get high every once in awhile?"

        Terry didn't hesitate at all with her answer.  "Well, grass is
definitely not harmful, not in the way the other drugs the American DEA has
it classified with are harmful.  Granted, the average joint contains more
carcinogens than the average Marlboro, but then people don't smoke a pack
and a half of grass every day, either.  In fact, I just helped design the
research model for an American biochemist who's isolated a specific neural
receptor for the chemical in pot that is psychoactive."

        "THC?"

        "Well, to be specific, delta-9-tetrahydracannabinol.  This receptor
is present in our brains, which means that, unlike cocaine, alcohol, or
opiates, grass doesn't damage your brain. But what makes me so angry is the
way right-wing religious nutbars in America baldly distort usage data to
support their claim that pot leads to the use of more dangerous drugs.
They call it the "gateway effect" and the American DARE project is the
chief proponent of this bold-faced lie."

        "I've heard of DARE."  Lisa paused, than smiled a little. "My
pot-smoking buddies and I have come up with an alternative meaning:  Drugs
Are Really Excellent.  How can they get away with lying, if the statistics
are publicly available?"

        "Because the average American has a sixth-grade education, and the
attention span of a six year old.  Just watch some of their TV commercials.
Or MTV.  Most Americans never question statistical methods when they see
some chart or graph flashed on the TV screen, or the conclusions that are
drawn from them.   And the moral nazis that sponsor drug  "research" know
this, and exploit it ruthlessly.  An educated electorate is dangerous to
the power structure.   Ideologues, especially religious ideologues, don't
like people who can think for themselves.

           "And America is full of people who much prefer somebody else to
do their thinking for them.  Look at their abysmal voter participation
rates, and their sloganism.  Ahhh, let's change the subject.  I get really
angry when I think about how truly twisted America has become in the past
quarter century.  Ever since Nixon.  Tell me about pot smoking in today's
society.  I haven't toked since grad school.  Mid-eighties.  That is, if
you don't mind...I'm kinda curious."

        "Uh, what do you want to know?  The price keeps going up, but it
doesn't seem to be any harder to find, which confuses me. I guess I'm just
not applying the law of supply and demand properly."

        Terry said, "Economists call that the 'black market effect.' The
government's failed attempts to interdict the illegal drug market has
increased the market value without a commensurate reduction in supply.  It
does seem a bit counter-intuitive, doesn't it?"

        Lisa considered this for a moment.  "I guess as long as the dealers
perceive a threat, whether or not that threat is credible, they feel the
higher prices are justified."  Lisa then launched into a soliloquy on grass
etiquette among her peers. Terry nodded and nodded, surprised at how little
the pot subculture had changed in ten years.

        The next day Lisa, pleased that she hadn't made a mistake in
choosing pot-smoking as something to confess to Terry, began to consider
tactics for the second step of the seduction.  For Lisa, getting high
generally turned her on sexually as well.  Maybe if she could get Terry to
share a toke or two with her...?  She decided to have her stash with her
whenever she was at Terry's house, in case an opportunity presented itself.

        And soon enough, an opportunity did arise.  When Lisa arrived one
night for their tutoring session, Terry was reading an article in the
weekly Ottawa lifestyles magazine.  Looking over her shoulder, Lisa saw the
article was about Hempfest 96 in Ontario.   Sensing an opening, she waited
for Terry to finish the article, and then mentioned casually that she was
planning on attending it, if she could find someone to take her.

        Terry looked thoughtful.  "Wow, I guess I've been out of it too
long.  When I was your age, a festival that could openly endorse illicit
drugs was unthinkable.  Of course, times do change."  Smiling at Lisa, she
added, "You know, I can't remember the last time I smoked pot.  It's been
that long."

        Lisa, wondering who was manipulating who, returned Terry's smile
and said, "Well, I think I can fix your memory for you. That is, if you
really want me to...?"

        Terry nodded, saying, "Well, to be honest Lisa, after our
discussion about pot last week, I've been kinda wanting to get high again
for old times sake.  I've been trying to figure out how to tactfully
approach you about scoring me some dope...so tactfully, discreetly, I ask,
can you turn me on?"

          "Oh, I think so," Lisa cheerfully replied, and almost added, "I
can even get some pot for you," but refrained, smiling inwardly and
thinking, oh yes, I can turn you on, the way just your laughter turns me
on.  Oh, yes, I think I can turn you on. But we'll smoke some pot first.

        Lisa reached into her backpack and pulled out a ziploc, a packet of
Zig-Zags, a Zippo pipe lighter, and a hemostat.   Terry led the way into
the living room.  Sitting down on the sofa, she motioned for Lisa to sit
next to her.  Lisa happily complied, letting her shoulder and arm snuggle
against the older woman. Lisa deployed her paraphernalia.  She asked Terry
for an album cover, on which she could clean her weed, and Terry quickly
fetched one.

        "'Dark Side of the Moon', eh?  I like Pink Floyd too, especially
while I'm getting stoned."   Lisa dumped some grass on the album cover and
began raking through it with the flap of the Zig-Zag packet.

        Terry said, "Yes, but I like the Sid Barret Pink Floyd. Waters is
good, but he just doesn't have Sid's hard edge. Actually, I used to listen
to the Moody Blues a lot when I was getting high in college.  But I guess
that really dates me doesn't it?"

        "The Moody whos?  Never heard of them.   Is it like Pink Floyd?"

        "Blues.  Moody Blues.  I'm sure you've heard some of their music.
They've had a few pretty big hits, not a lot, but I can't believe you've
never heard 'Nights in White Satin' or 'Legend of a Mind', especially since
the guy they wrote that last one about just died, and they re-recorded and
re-released it in dedication to him.  The radio stations around here have
been playing it into the dirt."

        "'Nights in White Satin?"  I have heard that.  That was the Moody
Blues?  Hey, I like that song!  And that other song is about Timothy Leary,
right?  Yeah, it has been getting a lot of airplay.  I just never paid
attention when the DJ announced the artist.  The Moody Blues like to use
symphonies, don't they?  And the stuff they sing about is pretty cosmic,
right?.  I have heard them before."

        "Right.  The Moodies invented orchestral rock.  Cosmic themes and
allegorical lyrics.  My friends and I thought they were very D and S."

        "D and S?"

        "Deep and Symbolic.  With capital letters."  She laughed gently,
and Lisa felt that tingle again, emanating from her vagina and suffusing
the rest of her body.  "They released an album that is a good cross section
of their best work, called 'This is the Moody Blues.'  Let me put that on,
and you can judge for yourself.  And its on CD.  Hang on while I find it."

        While Terry was busy with her CD collection, Lisa quickly and
expertly rolled a joint. Terry rejoined Lisa on the sofa, and as the
opening notes of 'The Question' slipped from Terry's Bose 901's, Lisa
ceremoniously presented her with the joint.   Terry lit it with the Zippo,
placed it between her lips, and inhaled deeply.   Lisa's joints were firm,
but not tightly packed, and Terry got a serious lungful of sweet smoke.
She saw stars for a moment, and her vision dimmed at the edges, and then
her body rebelled, forcing the smoke from her lungs in a spasm of racking
coughs.  Lisa hurried into the kitchen, and brought back a tall glass of
ice water, which she offered to Terry as sat down next to her again. Terry
drank some of the water,  and the last of the spasms left her.  She smiled
weakly at Lisa, and said, "Smooth."  which caused Lisa to burst out in
laughter.

          "Lisa,  I think it has been too long.  Next time I won't take
such a big hit.  Wish I still had a bong.  Here."  She passed the joint to
Lisa, who took a large, luxurious hit.  She held the smoke in her lungs for
a long time, and then slowly exhaled through her nose, two thin streams of
smoke that dissipated rapidly.  Lisa immediately felt a heightened sense of
her environment, and became acutely aware of Terry sitting there, right
next to her, their arms and shoulders in contact.

        "Uh, Terry I have an idea.  Are you ready for another hit?" Terry
nodded.  "OK, just lean back and close your eyes."  Terry complied.  Lisa
took another drag on the joint, and, holding the smoke in her lungs, leaned
around Terry until she was face to face with her.  She casually placed  her
hand on Terry's chest, the heel  of her palm just barely riding on the
rising swell of Terry's breasts. Leaning over slightly, she brought her
lips into contact with Terry's, and gently forced them apart with her
tongue.  Before Terry had time to react, she exhaled into Terry, the smoke
cooled and somewhat filtered after its passage through Lisa's pulmonary
system.  Removing her lips from Terry's she leaned back, savoring this
brief taste of heaven, and watching Terry to see if she'd been a little too
intimate.

        But Terry still hadn't exhaled.  When she finally did, she said,
"That was different.  Better than a bong.  Mmmm.   That was so gentle.
Like a kiss.  Do you do that with everybody you smoke with?"

        "No.  Only people I like.  You're right.  It is like a kiss. Ready
for another?"  Terry nodded quickly.  Lisa took anther drag, then sat the
joint down in an ash tray.  This time, as she leaned over Terry, she gently
slid her hand down until it was cupping Terry's breast.  She didn't apply
any pressure, she just let it lay there.  She left her hand there as she
breathed the smoke from her lungs into Terry's, removing it only after
Terry exhaled, unhurriedly sliding it back up to its original position as
Terry finished.  Then casually, she took her hand completely off of Terry
and reached for the joint.

        Terry said, "I want to try that.  Do you mind?"  Lisa felt her
knees get weak, but tried not to let it show.

        As steadily as she could, she said, "No, not at all.  Please do.
Try not to take too big of a hit, so you don't cough."  Lisa laid back in
the corner of the sofa, between the armrest and the back.  Terry would have
to lean pretty far over Lisa's body, which was fine by Lisa, who was
becoming decidedly aroused.

        Terry took a medium-sized hit, and then leaned over towards Lisa.
She was going to have to put her hand somewhere or she was going to pitch
forward and fall on top of Lisa.  With only Lisa's body to choose from,
Terry hesitated.   She decided that using Lisa's shoulder for a brace would
be OK, so she reached her left hand out for it.  Seeing what she was aiming
for, Lisa casually shifted her position at the last second, so that as
Terry's lips met hers, Terry's hand came down not on Lisa's shoulder, but
right on top of  Lisa's right breast.  Expecting a hard shoulder, Terry
involuntarily squeezed Lisa's breast as her center of gravity shifted
forward and she felt herself toppling.  Lisa reached an arm up and steadied
Terry, which also had the effect of keeping Terry's hand firmly in place
over her breast.   Lisa inhaled as Terry exhaled.  Then Terry, with a small
push against Lisa, sat back on the sofa.

        "I'm sorry about that, Lisa.  I didn't mean to molest you! I guess
I'm just kinda clumsy all of a sudden.  It's the pot, no doubt.  Please
forgive me."  She was horrified that her clumsiness had offended Lisa.

        Lisa smiled as comfortingly as she could, and said, "Oh, no, don't
worry about it."  She gazed at Terry for a few seconds, judging her next
few words.  She said, as if confessing a minor peccadillo to her best
friend,  "Actually, I didn't mind.  In fact, it felt kinda good."
Jokingly, she added, "Thank you very much.  You can molest me like that
anytime."  She laughed, hoping that Terry would somehow understand that not
only was it OK, but that Lisa wouldn't mind if she happened to do it again.
And again.  And again.

        Terry didn't know what to say.   It sounded as if Lisa had just
said that she liked the way Terry had touched her.  That can't be right.
Must be the weed.  She tried to evaluate just how stoned she was.  She
recited pi to fifteen digits, followed by Napier's constant, and then
Planck's constant.  Nope, she decided, not too high, just pleasantly
buzzed.  So I did hear her right.  She did like that.  She tried to think
back to what had just happened.  But all she remembered was the swell of
Lisa's breast against her hand, and wondering in that instant if her own
breasts had ever been that soft.   Hmm.  Lazily, she smiled at Lisa, and
said, "Well, I'll try not to be so clumsy next time. And stop bogarting
that joint!  Hit me, please."

        Lisa giggled, and said, "Okay!"  Pushing Terry back into the sofa,
this time she straddled Terry with her knees, and without being coy,
pressed her hand softly against Terry's breast again, cupping it gently,
and kissed some smoke to her.  After delivering the smoke, Lisa put her
lips near Terry's ear, and said, "Mmm, I like smoking joints with you."  As
she said this, she softly squeezed the older woman's breast.

        Terry nodded, wondering why she felt aroused by the touch of Lisa's
hand on her breast.  Maybe it's because you like the way it feels.
Anything wrong with liking it? she asked herself.  No, not really, she
replied.  Of course not.  You're just kinda surprised that she's a female,
that's all.  Yeah, she admitted to herself, a little surprised.  But she is
so gentle -- more gentle than a man would be right now.  Oh yes, that was
one thing she could agree with herself on.  No man could be that gentle.

        Lisa was watching Terry as she went through this internal dialogue,
engaged in one of her own.   Hmm.  She didn't react when I put my hand on
her breast.   Maybe she's ready for something more.  Have to wait and see.
Patience.  Right.

        Terry exhaled and reaching up, nudged Lisa with the palm of her
hand.  Lisa pivoted back against the sofa, giving Terry room to sit up.
Taking the joint from Lisa, the older woman inhaled it, taking almost a
full breath full.  Slowly, but determinedly, she placed one hand on Lisa's
left breast, and with the other tilted Lisa's chin up.  As her lips met
Lisa's, she began to gently squeeze Lisa's breast.  Lisa almost came when
she felt Terry's hand tentatively circle, then cup her breast.  An
involuntary low moan escaped her lips as Terry began to squeeze it.  Terry
heard that moan, and a warning bell went off somewhere in her mind.  But
she found it easy to dismiss.  She was reveling in the delicious curves of
Lisa's young breast, warm and round against her palm.   She put the joint
down, and brought her other hand to her own breasts.  Though her own
breasts were larger than Lisa's, more full, she thought yes, her breasts
were as soft as the young girl's.  Pleased, she thanked Lisa silently for
allowing her this intimate affirmation.

        Lisa saw a fleeting smile cross Terry's lips, and noticed that
Terry was caressing her own breasts with her free hand.  Now or never, she
thought.  Reaching out her own hand, she slipped one of Terry's breasts
free of her dress's halter top, and began to caress it with the palm of her
hand.  She enjoyed this for several seconds, and then slipped Terry's
breast back into the halter.  Casually, she said, "Mmm, that felt nice.
Can you reach the hemostat on the table?  The joint is getting too small to
hold."

        Terry released Lisa's breast and reached behind her for the
hemostat.  The feel of Lisa's hand against her bare breast had triggered a
hormonal surge in Terry that Terry had rarely experienced.   Lisa quickly
clamped the hemos around the roach, and handed it to Terry.  As Terry
concentrated on lighting it, Lisa quickly stood up.  Acting on instinct,
she slipped out of her shorts, and then tugged her shirt over her head.
She was wearing a very brief pair of panties, and a plunge bra that only
partially concealed her breasts.   She stretched out on the couch, slipping
her head under Terry's arms and resting it in her lap.  She tugged her
panties down her hips until they were only just barely covering her mons.
She had a small, neatly trimmed patch of pubic hair that was now enticingly
revealed.

        Terry was startled.  The warning bell turned into a gong, but Lisa
smiled up at her, a look of innocence mixed with desire plain in her eyes,
and the gong faded away.  Terry was nonplused. What should she do now?  She
gazed at Lisa's nearly nude body, excited by what she saw.  Should she
touch her again?  No...that would be too bold.  Too aggressive.
Too...perverted, kinda.  No. Not perverted.  It felt right, not wrong like
a perversion would feel.    But no matter what she was feeling, she knew
she wanted to caress Lisa very much.  That Lisa had not seemed reluctant to
touch her so intimately didn't occur to her.  But now, with Lisa lying
nearly naked in her lap, she realized that it was something that Lisa
wanted very much, too.  Sensing her confusion, Lisa smiled softly and said,
"Hey you, stop bogarting that joint!" Terry inhaled a hit, and leaning
over, kissed the smoke to Lisa. Taking Terry's hand in hers, Lisa firmly
guided it towards her breasts.  Terry, still confused, but no longer
hesitating, gently brought her hand to rest against Lisa's chest, three
fingers lying against the smooth satin of the bra's cup, her thumb and
forefinger warm against the flesh of Lisa's breast.

        Now that she knew what she wanted, and realized that Lisa wanted
the same thing, she felt some of the confusion slip away. Reaching down
with her other hand, she unhooked the front closure of Lisa's bra.   Lisa's
breasts, freed from the bondage of the bra, rose almost of their own accord
into the palms of Terry's hands.  Lisa arched her back, pressing their soft
curves snugly against Terry's hands.  Terry delighted in their feel, their
firmness, their femaleness.  Oh my, Lisa, she thought.  How do I explain
this sensation to you?  Terry felt Lisa slip her breast free again, and
then was overwhelmed by the sensation of Lisa's tongue and lips against her
nipple.  She gasped, and then gasped again.  Nobody but her breast-feeding
daughter had put lips that soft and gentle to her nipple.

        Terry glanced down at the young girl's body.  Lisa's hips were
arched off the sofa, and Terry could see Lisa's mons clearly delineated
beneath her brief panties, the soft curves of her labia pressing against
the thin material.  Mesmerized, Terry watched the sensuous undulation of
Lisa's torso, keeping pace with an internal metronome that only Lisa could
hear.  As her hips rose and fell, Lisa's panties pulled tight against her
mons, slipping into her vaginal cleft, revealing the swell of her labia.
Terry found the sight oddly erotic.  Fascinated, she stared.  A few moments
later, Terry heard Lisa moan, and felt a shudder pass through Lisa's body,
and knew instantly what it was. Oh, did I do that to her?  Oh my.

        Lisa was rapidly approaching nirvana.  Turning her head slightly to
the side, she felt Terry's breasts against her cheek. Reaching up with her
hand, she freed one of Terry's breasts from its halter, and slowly, ever so
softly, closed her lips around the nipple, and began to gently suckle it,
her tongue fluttering lightly around her nipple and aureole.   Lisa knew
she was close to an orgasm, and began to pump her hips in a slow rhythm
with the waves of sensation beginning to swirl outward from her clitoris.
She opened her eyes, and saw Terry gazing transfixed at her hips.  This
turned her on even more, and she began to move her hips with more urgency.
She quickly reached the edge, and then happily pushed through it.  She
moaned as her orgasm washed through her.

        After her orgasm faded to a gentle tingling all over her body, Lisa
slipped out from under Terry's arms and stood up, pulling Terry to her feet
as well.  "I think we need a little more room.  Let's go to your bedroom.
OK?"  Terry, mute, just nodded.

        In the bedroom, Lisa said, "I want to undress you, OK?" Again,
Terry could only nod.  Lisa sat on the edge of the bed and taking Terry's
hands in hers, she brought her towards where she was sitting.  Lisa spread
her knees enough to let Terry stand between them.   Terry's breasts were
level with Lisa's chin, her hips and thighs brushing against Lisa's
breasts.

        Lisa untied the knot on the dress's halter top, and let it fall to
Terry's waist.  Terry's breasts, now free, bobbed alluringly just in front
of Lisa, who paused to kiss each one delicately on the nipple.   Reaching
behind Terry, Lisa cupped the cheeks of Terry's ass in her palms, and then
slipped her hands down the backs of Terry's legs, unfastening the line of
buttons that closed the skirt, until she reached the hem of the skirt where
it trailed against Terry's calves.  Gathering the hem in her hands, Lisa
slid her hands around to the front of Terry's legs, and retraced their
course back up to Terry's waist.  The skirt slid up Terry's legs along with
Lisa's hands, revealing inch by inch Terry's calves, knees, and thighs.
When her hands finally reached Terry's waist, Lisa could just see the tip
of Terry's panty-clad mons, revealed beneath the skirt gathered at her
waist.  Leaning forward, Lisa delicately licked the panties, a slow, firm
stroke, and felt Terry shiver.  Slipping her hands again around to Terry's
back, she found and released the skirt's catch, and then let it fall to the
floor in a soft rustle of fabric.

        Lisa turned Terry so that she had her back to her.  Lisa then
slipped backwards on Terry's bed and pulled Terry down into her lap.
Reaching around the older woman, Lisa captured Terry's breasts in her hands
and began to gently fondle them.  She tugged and pulled at Terry's nipples
with her fingers, rolling them gently from side to side.  After only a
minute or two of Lisa's delicate attentions, Terry's nipples came fully
erect.   Lisa buried her face against Terry's neck, and began to kiss and
lick the sensitive area just beneath and behind her ear.   Terry came
almost immediately, amazed that this young girl could bring her to an
orgasm simply by kissing her and fondling her breasts.  Who is this little
girl, she wondered, and why is she doing this to me?

        Lisa sensed the orgasm washing through Terry's body.  She waited
until it had passed, and then let one hand slip from Terry's breast
downwards, towards her panties and the delights they concealed.  But Lisa
took her time, savoring the anticipation of getting into Terry's panties.
This is what she'd been working towards for nearly two months; she could
wait a few more minutes.

        Smiling, she let her hand pause briefly at Terry's navel, probing
it softly, pressing gently with her palm against her stomach in time with
Terry's breathing.  She was rewarded with a low moan from Terry, and was
delighted to see Terry's hips begin to thrust upwards slightly in a slow
rocking rhythm.  Lisa watched as Terry's passion grew, her hips beginning
to move quicker and quicker.  Lisa then slowly slipped her hand down to
Terry's mons, gliding softly across her satin panties, coming to rest on
the very tip of Terry's pubis.  She cupped Terry's pudenda gently in the
palm of her hand.  Delicately, she began to squeeze Terry's mons.  Lisa
could feel the shape of Terry's labia against her fingers.  Lisa timed her
caresses to Terry's hip thrusts, adding a sliding motion with her hand to
generate a little friction against Terry's labia.   Lisa could feel the
moisture of Terry's precoital lubrication soaking the crotch of Terry's
panties.

        Terry felt the surge of an orgasm building inside her.  In just a
few more moments, she surrendered to the flood of sensation coursing
through her body.  She climaxed in a spasm, a scream on her lips as the
most intense orgasm she'd ever experienced reverberated down the corridors
of her mind.

        As soon as Terry's orgasm had retreated, Lisa took her other hand
from Terry's breast and let it join its partner at Terry's crotch.
Slipping both hands into Terry's panties, Lisa began to stroke the bare
flesh of Terry's labia.  She took the fleshy folds between her thumb and
index fingers, and pinching gently, ran her fingers along their length.
As Terry began to arch her back and thrust her hips in response, Lisa
flexed her wrists, letting Terry's panties slide across the back of her
hands until they had slipped down to Terry's thighs.  Terry's entire
pudenda was now exposed to Lisa's eager eyes.  Lisa nestled a finger into
Terry's vaginal cleft, rocking it back and forth to coat it with Terry's
lubrication.  When her finger was thoroughly wet, she applied pressure with
it gently, and penetrated Terry's vagina. Lisa felt Terry shiver slightly
as her finger entered her. Curling her finger slightly, she probed for and
found Terry's clitoris.  She began to massage the little button, running
her finger tip lightly across its surface in a series of light, feathery
touches.  Terry began to thrust wildly with her hips, and Lisa put her lips
against Terry's ear and whispered to her.

        "Slow down, slow, slow, nice and easy.  Let my finger do the work."
Terry's spasmodic thrusting attenuated, settling down, after a few more
wild thrusts, into a steady, rhythmic surge against Lisa's hand.   "There.
That's it...nice and slow and steady."

        With her free hand, Lisa turned Terry's head to the side, and
gently guided Terry's mouth towards her breast.  Terry fastened her lips
around Lisa's erect nipple, and began to suck madly at it.  Lisa's breasts,
almost as sensitive as her clitoris, immediately lit up Lisa's limbic
switchboard, and Lisa felt an orgasm begin to expand through her body.
Lisa noted with a small part of her perception that Terry was again
starting to thrash her hips wildly, but this time Lisa, instead of reining
her in, let Terry's passion grow along with her own. Simultaneously, the
girl and the woman climbed towards an orgasm. As they climaxed together,
Terry moaned against Lisa's breast at her lips, and Lisa, her breath coming
in short , sharp pants, gasped a quiet "Ohhhh".

        The girl and the woman lay still together for several minutes.  At
last, Lisa opened her eyes and regarded Terry's quiescent body.   Slipping
to the side, Lisa let Terry's head fall back against the mattress.
Slipping to her knees on the floor between Terry's legs, Lisa brought her
face forward towards Terry's vulva.  Extending her tongue, she began to
lick Terry's lubrication from where it had pooled in her vaginal cleft,
circling her tongue upwards to catch the droplets of moisture that clung to
Terry's pubic hair like dew.  Terry gasped at this new sensation, and Lisa
raised her eyes to watch Terry as her tongue continued to delicately lave
Terry's labia.  Terry was shaking her head from side to side, but that
didn't fool Lisa. Terry's quiet, almost desperate, "Yessss....oh
Lisa...yessss..." gasping from her lips was all the confirmation Lisa
needed.

        Parting Terry's labia with her fingertips, Lisa sent her tongue
probing deep into Terry's vagina.  Tilting her had back slightly, Lisa
flattened her tongue against the dorsal surface of Terry's vaginal canal,
and slid it back out towards the opening. She could feel the smooth rings
of muscle beneath the moist walls of her vagina rippling slightly as her
tongue feathered across them.  Lisa again pressed her tongue deeply into
Terry's vagina, and again brought it out towards the opening, coming out
just a little farther this time.   She repeated this several times, drawing
her tongue ever nearer Terry's clitoris.   Soon, she could feel the little
round bud of Terry's clitoris with her tongue.  With the tip of her tongue
she teased Terry's clitoris out of its hood, and then flattened her tongue
against it. Reaching down to her own panties, Lisa tugged the crotch of her
panties to the side and slipped her fingers into her vagina.

        Lisa began to tease Terry's clitoris with her tongue as her fingers
sought out and found her own clitoris.   Lisa fluttered her tongue against
the little button, tasting the salty-sweet pungency of Terry's precoital
lubrication beginning to flow again.   Terry arched her back, driving her
mons against Lisa's face, again and again.  Lisa used her free hand to
control Terry's body, pressing down against Terry's upper pelvis, meeting
Terry's wild thrusts with a firm but gentle counter-pressure. Sensing
Terry's impending orgasm by the contractions in her vaginal walls that she
could  feel with her tongue, Lisa pressed her face deeper into Terry's
crotch.  Lisa pinched her own clitoris, sending a cataract of pleasure
fountaining through her body.  Judging her moment, she waited until Terry's
coital fluids geysered across her tongue, and then gently sucked Terry's
clitoris between her lips and, with exquisite delicacy, bit down on it,
pressing her teeth against it, nibbling it, softly chewing it.

        Terry's mind exploded with pleasure, her limbic system dumping
massive amounts of endorphin directly into her brain's pleasure center.
She experienced her orgasm as a cascading recombinant chaos of light,
brilliantly coruscating in a syncopated resonance with the waves of
pleasure inundating her sensorium.   Time dilated, each pleasure-filled
nanosecond arcing across Terry's fine-grained awareness, her universe
narrowing until only Terry and her ecstasy existed.

        Lisa's orgasm was intense, and dissipated very slowly.  As the last
of the sensations washed quietly through her, she slipped her tongue from
Terry's vagina and then climbed up onto the bed next to her.  She gazed
down at Terry, and saw that she was still in the throes of  her orgasm.
Her eyes were open, but glazed, and Lisa wondered what she was seeing.
Wanting to keep Terry as aroused as possible, Lisa inserted two fingers
into Terry's vagina, and began to pump them in and out slowly. Leaning over
Terry's body, she dropped her head to Terry's breasts and took one of
Terry's nipples between her lips and began to suckle it gently.

        Lisa lost track of time.  She submerged herself in the pleasure of
touching and caressing the older woman's body.  Lisa continued to caress
Terry's body for half an hour, until finally, Terry began to respond to her
gentle touch.   Terry's eyes refocused, and a long, exquisitely erotic moan
escaped her lips. Lisa stopped the motion of her hand, leaving her fingers
buried in deeply in Terry's vagina.   Lisa gave Terry's nipple a final
suck, and then raised her head from Terry's breast.   Softly, Lisa said,
"What are you thinking about right now?  Do you want to talk about it?"

        It was several more seconds before Terry could speak. Finally, she
reached up and touched Lisa's face with her hand, and said, "Oh Lisa.   Oh,
that was incredible.  How can I ever convey to you what that felt like?  Oh
my dear, you are so wonderful.  How can I say thank you for what you just
did to me?. I can't articulate it, I just don't have the right words."
Words failing her, she simply leaned up and kissed Lisa softly, putting
everything she was feeling into it.  It was a touching of lips that was far
more eloquent than words, and it had enough bandwidth to carry everything
she wanted to say:  I love you and thank you and please do it again and I
want to do it to you and I'm so happy you are part of my life...

        Lisa was an extremely sensitive young woman, almost preternaturally
aware of her partners' emotions, especially after making love.  She could
sense the message Terry was trying to send.  Smiling happily at Terry,
said, "I think that kiss is all the thanks I need.  I'm so glad I could
bring you so much pleasure.  I've been wanting to do this for nearly two
months.  I should thank you for letting me express my feelings like this.
You are really a wonderful person, and I am so glad I'm here, right now,
touching you and kissing you."  With that, she resumed pumping her fingers
in and out of Terry's vagina.  Terry came almost immediately, her eyes
glazing over again as her orgasm swirled through her body.  Lisa slipped
her fingers free of Terry's vagina, licked them, and then cupped Terry's
other breast.  She sucked on each nipple alternately, until Terry came back
from her orgasm.

        Terry then rolled on to her side, facing Lisa, and pushed Lisa onto
her back.  She said, "I've never done this with a woman before, but I just
want to touch you right now, all over.  I will be as gentle as I can, and I
hope I bring you as much pleasure as you did me.  OK?"

        Lisa nodded and sighed happily.  Closing her eyes, she waited for
Terry to begin.  Terry immediately reached down and tugged Lisa's panties
down her hips until they were resting across the tops of her thighs.  She
cupped Lisa's pudenda in the palm of her hand, marveling at the smooth
texture of Lisa's labia, and the soft curls of her pubic hair.  Lisa arched
her back, pressing her vulva against Terry's hand.  Terry parted Lisa's
labia with her middle finger, and feeling the moisture, gently pushed it
past her inner labia until she'd penetrated Lisa's vagina.  With her other
hand, she cupped one of Lisa's breasts, and squeezed it firmly, the nipple
distending upwards. Terry teased it with the tip of her tongue, gratified
to feel Lisa begin to writhe her hips beneath her.  She settled into a
steady rhythm, tongue and lips caressing Lisa's nipple, her finger pumping
in and out of Lisa's vagina.  Soon, Lisa came, her vaginal muscles clamping
down on Terry's finger with a strength that surprised the older woman.

        The girl and the woman spent the rest of the night exploring each
others bodies.  Terry had never made love to another woman, and what she
lacked in experience, she more than amply compensated for with eagerness
and passion.  By morning, Terry and Lisa had spent themselves, and lay arm
in arm, hands cupping each others sexes.  They fell asleep like that,
waking late in the afternoon of the next day.   Lisa woke first, and
kissing Terry, woke her.  She dressed quickly, and promising to return
later that evening, she left and went home.

        Lisa was ecstatic.  The rest of the summer passed in a pleasant
series of erotic encounters with Terry.  Lisa delighted in the way Terry
sought out new sexual experiences with her. Lisa thought, Carrie must have
inherited her sexual curiosity from her mother.  And then another thought
crossed her mind, one that made her shiver with sexual anticipation.  How
am I going to deal with this situation when Carrie gets back?

