Archive-name: Changes/cass2.txt
Archive-author: Brenda Mccall.  
Archive-title: Cassandra - Part 2


	Cassandra waited impatiently while James tried to find the
correct key for his apartment door.  After an interminable moment
she heard a faint click and watched as the door parted from its
threshold.
	"There," he said triumphantly, "I always keep forgetting to
turn the outside light on when I leave."  He stepped aside and
motioned for Cassandra to enter.
	After they were both standing inside the foyer and the door
had been closed behind them, James took Cassandra in his arms and
pulled her close to him.  She looked up into his face and he
slowly lowered his strong mouth onto hers.  He began licking her
softly, and teasingly inserted his tongue between her aroused
lips.  She felt James's bulge growing against her tummy and
reached down to stroke it.  At the moment she touched his penis
James slid his tongue as far into her waiting throat as he could
and she began sucking on it like it was his dick.
	A wave of lust whelmed through Cassandra's body and she
reluctantly pulled away from James's kiss to tell him that she
wanted to suck his cock.  This was the moment she had been
waiting for all day long and she couldn't wait to feel a man's
erection burrowing deep inside her throat.  He made her beg for
it between kisses.  "What do you want to do do me?" he asked
guttorally.
	"Suck your cock," sighed Cassandra.  "I need to suck your
cock."
	He licked her mouth once more then said, "Then get on your
knees, bitch, and give me head, and if you know what's good for
you, you'll take great care to please me."  James's words left
her feeling totally submissive.  Dropping to the floor, Cassandra
positioned her face near James's crotch and reached up with her
hands to free his manhood.  After slowly unzipping him, she took
hold of his prick and let it hang heavily a few inches from her
curled lips.  She wrapped all of her fingers around the weighty
cock and gently began to massage it to full erection.  Cassandra
couldn't believe that a man's penis dangled tantalizingly in
front of her face and that it was her pretty fingers that she saw
wrapped around it, pumping it to life.  Cassandra pulled down the
corner of James's trousers so that she could get a view of his
balls.  They were laRge and hairy and when she finally managed to
free them completely she found that they hung a full three inches
towards the floor.
	"Lick it, whore," James commanded.  Cassandra flashed her
made-up eyes at the man standing above her and began doing as he
said.  After slowly wetting her ruby lips with her tongue,
Cassandra took James's cock and staRted coating it with her
slippery mouth.  Though she had never before sucked cock,
Cassandra knew very well what felt good to a man and she did to
James what she liked others to do to her pussy-stick.  She licked
lasciviously along the entire length of James's man-meat and
along the rim of his laRge purple head.  Once it glistened and
shined to her satisfaction, Cassandra then aimed the dick into
her eager mouth and began fellating the velvety tip with her lips
and tongue.  Drops of pre-cum oozed out of the shaft and fueled
her femininity even more.  She lapped up the juice eagerly while
playing with James's balls in the hope they would continue to
feed her with the delicious, salty treat.
	James was now moaning softly and he began thrusting his
penis in and out of her mouth.  "Deeper, bitch," he whispered.
	Obediently, Cassandra let more and more of James's cock
slide into her mouth as the minutes passed.  She could smell his
musk and it aroused her greatly, made her equal to the task of
servicing the man that had mounted her face.  With one hand
gently playing with James's balls and the other pumping his
shaft, Cassandra found that she was a natural at cocksucking -
she supposed that practicing on her dildo was the reason.
	James reached down and took Cassandra's face in his hands
then staRted a more pronounced delivery into her mouth, "oohing"
and "ahhing" as he sawed his cock into the depths of her mouth. 
In turn, she grabbed the cheeks of his ass and concentrated on
allowing as much of the cock into her throat as was womanly
possible.  In the dim light of the foyer, she could see the
glistening shaft sliding deeply in and out of her lips and the
eroticism of the sight made her close her eyes as another wave of
feminine passion flooded her body.
	Suddenly, she realized that James's balls were slapping
against her chin as he steadily humped her face, and his pubic
hair was tickling her lips everytime the head of his cock plunged
into her throat - she had taken all seven inches of this stud and
was loving it!  Cassandra heard James loudly groan among the
other squeaky sounds of cocksucking she, herself, was making then
felt a warm fluid splash against her tonsils.  A heartbeat later
her mouth was full of sperm and James had temporarily withdrawn
so that he could spray her face and lips with two or three more
spurts of his cock juice.  Cassandra took this as an opportunity
to swallow the creamy load still in her mouth, but an instant
later James shoved his cum-coated cock back into her face as the
last remaining vestiges of his climax caused his body to rock and
his manhood to buck inside of her.
	Emotionally, Cassandra found herself on a new high.  She
heard herself softly whimpering as she continued giving James
slow, loving head.  And although he had already cum in her mouth,
Cassandra wasn't ready to relinquish her toy.  Sometimes she
withdrew his penis from her mouth and rubbed it on her cum
covered face only to re-insert the shaft so that she could clean
it off with her hot tongue.
	After she had licked him clean, James stepped away from her
and pulled Cassandra to her feet.  He then led her into the
living room and sat her down next to him on his sofa.
	"You know, Cassandra," he said, "I can't believe your not
really a woman.  You look so beautiful and feminine, and your
mouth is so soft and warm - it feels like a pussy."
	His comments made Cassandra glad she had decided to come out
of the closet and she hoped he would continue to talk to her this
way.  "Thankyou, James," she said as sweetly as she could.  Then
looking down at the hand she was holding in her lap she shyly
intoned, "you know something, you're really quite good at making
me feel like a woman.  I like you."
	James smiled at her in understanding and they shared a
moment of silence together before he spoke again.  "Are you
taking hormones?" he asked.
	Cassandra shook her head.  "No."
	"Well you should," he said.  "Just think of the body you'd
have - nice, firm breasts to suck on while I fucked you, shapely
hips, soft skin. Mmmm."  James shuddered on the sofa from the
thought.  "I'd love to see you in a bikini."
	"That would be nice," admitted Cassandra, wildly imagining
the possibilities.
	"Well, why don't you go see a doctor and find out more about
all this.  It would be a terrible waste if you didn't do it -
your just too damn foxy not to!"
	After Cassandra said she would think about it, James took
her hands and placed them over his flacid penis.  Then embracing
her closely he began kissing her again.  Cassandra instinctively
started pumping his cock with one hand and tickling his balls
with the other while she allowed James to passionately lick her
mouth like it was a cunt.  As his cock started to grow in her
hand, James pushed her head down into his lap and said, "Get it
wet and hard, Cassandra."
	Obediently, she positioned her face over her big toy and
parted her lips to receive the head of his cock.  She swirled
saliva onto the tip like she was filling an ice cream cone then
wrapped her lips over the now familiar prick.  Bobbing her head
up and down along the length of the velvety shaft she began to
whorishly suck on James's manhood.  She felt like a little, cock-
loving slut - actually, she now was - and began whimpering from
the ecstasy of being face fucked.
	"Ooh, yes," moaned James, "your good.  And you really like
sucking cock, don't you?"
	Cassandra pulled the dick from her mouth and caught her
breath.  Strands of saliva stretched between her shimmering lips
and the head of the cock as she spoke.  "Yes," she said trembling
with lust, "I love it."
	"Do you want me to fuck you now?"
	"Oh, yes.  Please," she said, begging for it.  "James, fuck
me now - like a womant me tI'll think about it," he teased, pushing her head back onto
his prick.  Cassandra continued sucking him until he was fully
erect in her mouth.  And once again, she found herself deep-
throating James as she basked in the pleasure of having a man
nestled deep inside her throat.  She wondered why it took her so
many years to discover she liked doing this.
	"Okay, bitch, get off that cock and get into my bed.  But
first make yourself pretty for met me Cassandra sat up and kissed James before finding her way to
his bedroom.  She went to the mirror above the dresser and
checked her hair and make-up.  After putting on fresh lipstick
(as she looked at herself in the mirror, she couldn't believe
that it was her mouth that had just been fucked) she undressed so
that the only things she was now wearing were her garter-belt,
black stockings, and pumps.  Her rigid cock pointing the way, she
then climbed into James's bed and waited for her new lover.
	He came to her a minute later and undressed completely as he
lustily examined her body.  Opening a drawer in an end table he
removed a small plastic jar and got onto the bed.  He hovered
over Cassandra then sucked and pinched her nipples, making her
writhe from the pleasure of his dancing tongue.  She remembered
what he had said to her earlier and she now wished she really did
have large breasts so that he could squeeze and caress them; she
imagined herself walking down a crowded beach in one of those
skimpy, two-piece bikinis with her breasts jiggling and her hips
swaying.  At that very moment Cassandra suddenly decided she
would see a doctor that same week to find out more about those
hormone treatments.
	Cassandra felt James putting some lubrication on her asshole
and she spread her legs as far as she could to allow him easy
access to her brown love hole.  He finger-fucked her for a few
precious minutes, preparing her well for the main course.  All
the while she kept moaning and rolled her head from side to side
on the pillow.  Finally, he put his knees between her stockinged-
thighs and lay down on top of her so that they were face to face. 
James hunched his ass qp a little and reached for his dick.  At
once, Cassandra felt the head of his penis being pressed against
her love-hole and she squirmed in anticipation of her first taste
of anal sex.  Her nipples were still tingling from James's
carresses and she felt them rubbing lightly against his chest as
he started to hump her.  Suddenly, she felt him enter her and she
closed her eyes and raised her hips to meet his gentle thrusts. 
He was slow at first, and only the head of his cock had
penetrated - but it felt wonderful and she wanted more!
	Cassandra started to moan and James knew she was ready.  He
jabbed his tongue into Cassandra's mouth at the same instant he
slid the full-length of his prick deep inside her.  Cassandra
quivered from the pleasure of his throbbing, 7-inch sausage and
melted into the mattress beneath her lover.  With her hands, she
kneaded James's rippling buttocks as he steadily pumped her full
of his masculinity.  They were fucking like two animals now and
her cries of lust pierced the room, spurring them both on to
greater sexual heights.  Cassandra's mind made her believe that
she really had a pussy and that James's manhood was now filling
it.
	"Fuck me, James!" she screamed.  "Yes...yes...fuck me harder
with that big cock of yours."  Cassandra was panting and she
greedily sucked on James's tongue whenever he offered it to her. 
Wave after wave of femininity rocked Cassandra's body as her
lover fucked her.  "Oh baby," she cooed, "you fuck so good...you
can fuck me anytime you want to...I'll do anything you want me
to."  She submitted totally to James.
	James now put his hands under Cassandra's ass and started
pulling her hips towards him as he thrust his dick repeatedly
into her sexy bottom.  Cassandra could feel her hard pussy-stick
between their bellies and she wished someone was sucking on it -
she wanted to come so badly!   But then she realized that if she
moved her hips in just the right way she could stimulate the
underside of her penis on James's wild, sweaty stomach.  It felt
just like someone was masturbating her!  The pace of James's
humping now increased and Cassandra felt his prick begin to
twitch inside her ass just like it had right before he came in
her mouth a little while ago.  Knowing that he was ready to
explode, Cassandra started talking to her lover; she wanted him
to remember this moment as much as she would.
	"Yeah, baby," she panted, "fuck me you magnificent
stud...Give it to me baby...I need every drop of your cum in my
pussy."  Cassandra stuck her tongue in James's ear and licked
passionately.
	James then started talking to her.  "You love my fucking
cock, don't you, slut?"
	"Yes," she screamed, "I love your cock."
	"Then here, bitch.  Take it all."  He thrust heavily into
her ass and made her scream from the pleasure.  "Who's cock do
you like to fuck?" he demanded.
	"Your cock, James.  Fuck me with it, please...harder.  I
love your cock, baby, please fuck me...fuck meeeee-"  All the
while, Cassandra continued moving her hips so that her pussy-
stick rubbed up lusciously against James costomach.
	Just as a real woman would do, she then spread her legs
until now they were pointing fully in opposite directions.  At
the same time she clenched her buttocks and tightly gripped
James  manhood with her anus until she could feel the thrusts of
his lovemaking sliding against the constricting rim of her hole. 
"Oh that feels so wonderful", she gasped.  He immediately
responded by throwing his head back and groaning loudly. 
Cassandra held tightly onto his convulsing body then felt his hot
jism fill her bowels.  Suddenly, something wonderful happened
deep inside her ass and her own body was wracked in climax as she
shot her load between their sweating tummies.
	Totally spent, the two of them collapsed and lay motionless
for a minute or two.  Still inside her ass, James then put his
face close to Cassandra coand they began exchanging small, tender
kisses as they smiled blissfully at one another.
	"Did I make you feel like a woman?" he asked after catching
his breath.
	Cassandra smiled.  "Yes, James.  I feel wonderful." 
Cassandra gently played with James s chest hair with the long,
polished fingernails of her right hand.  "Did I make you feel
good too," she asked.
	"Umm hmmm," he responded.  "Good enough to know that I want
to fuck you on a regular basis."
	"We'll see," she toyfully said, her eyelids fluttering
uncontrollably, "we'll see."

--
