_The Unsinkable Cassiopeia, Pt. I, Section A, Chapter 1, Subsection (b)_

(Last time, we left our heroes, Rocky and Bullwinkle, at the brink
of...oh, never mind.)

"Ship ahoy, Captain."  Sez the extra.

"Who is it?  Can you make out his color?"  Shouted the Dread Pirate Thoth.

"Hold on...It's HIM!"

Him.  That can only mean one person.  The person who is the dreadest
pirate on the Seven Seas, dreader than even dread pirate Thoth himself.
The person whose name is fearfully whispered by shipping merchants while
checking behind their backs.  The person whose name sends shivers down
the spines of the sailors of the royal fleet.  The person whose name is
used to scare little children when they don't behave.  The person whose
name sends dogs, cats, and other assorted animals scurrying for cover,
whimpering all the while.  The person whose name is...

Mr. Bubble.

Captain Thoth and Orbis stood by the rails and watched the majestic galley,
the Porcelain Piscina, glide effortlessly and silently, except for the
sails batting in the wind, the creaking of the hull, and the grunting of
the sailors hard at work, toward them.  Thoth wondered why Mr. Bubble would
be sailing in this part of the world.  His questions will be answered
shortly, as the Porcelain Piscina slid close to the Ayukawa Madoka.  Thoth
watched silently as several people climbed into a rowboat that has been
lowered into the water.  He watched as the rowboat slowly made its way
across the intervening water, to rest next to Madoka.  Thoth watched as
the people in the rowboat watched him expectantly.  Thoth watched.  People
watched.  Thoth watched.

"Um, Captain, shouldn't we lower a rope ladder or somethin'?" Inquired
Orbis.

"Hmm?  Oh, yes, of course.  Hey you!"  Thoth hollered to one of his crew,
"throw down a rope ladder or somethin'!"

Thoth watched as the rope ladder uncoiled like a whip down the side of
the ship, coming to rest just above the heads of the people below.  Thoth
watched as they climbed, one by one, up the side of his ship.  The first
one over the rail was a flunky, probably there as a catapult fodder, should
anything go awry.  Next up was a person of some authority, but Thoth did
not recognize him.  Then Mr. Bubble himself mounted the deck (OK, get your
mind out of the sewers.  I meant he arrived on board).  Thoth strode up
to grasp Mr. Bubble's hand and clasp him on the back.

"It's been a long time, Bubble."

"Not long enough."  Bubble breathed under his breath.  "I'd like you to
meet my first officer," Bubble said, waving toward the second person that
came aboard.

"Ah, you must be Bi Gal."  Thoth extended his hand.

"Um, that's 'Big Al.'"  Corrected Big Al, taking Thoth's hand in a firm
grip.

"Oh, sorry, ol' chap.  Bubble misspelled your name in his Eel-Mail."  Thoth
then turned his attention back to Mr. Bubble.  "What brings you to this part
of the woods?"

Mr. Bubble looked around for the lumber to which Thoth was referring to,
but seeing none.  He nonetheless tried to answer the question: "We are
looking for the Kitty Litter.  Rumor has it that the fair Princess
Cassiowhatshernameia is on board."  Mr. Bubble leered, "I intend to get
my hands on her fair...feet."

Thoth scratched his temple uncomfortably.  "Uh, well, the Kitty Litter
is probably about 100 leagues under where your ship is right now, and
descending rapidly."

"??!"  Bubble ??!ed.

"We sort of got into a disagreement.  Apparently their hull disagreed with
my flaming catapult munitions."  Thoth sounded apologetic.

"Jeez, you didn't let them all drown, did you?  Tell me you at least saved
the princess!"  Babble exclaimed.

"Hell no, I didn't let them all drown," Thoth responded indignantly, "what
kind of monster do you think I am???  I saved all the women, tortured all
the men, and only let all the children drown.  Sheesh."

"Does...does that mean you have the princess?"  Mr. Bubble slobbered.

"Yes," Thoth wiped off some of the slobber that came flying across, "but
the operative phrase here is '_I_ have the princess', get it?"  Thoth
glared menacingly.

Mr. Bubble narrowed his eyes and carefully evaluated Thoth.  "Sure, buddy,
I wouldn't want to see Ayukawa Madoka going down anymore than I would
want to see the Porcelain Piscina go down over some floozy." (hey, don't
get mad at me, Cass, I didn't say it.  Bubble said it.)

"Well...OK."  Thoth agreed suspiciously.

"Excellent!  Now, would you mind if I take a look at her?  I would love
to admire her beauty, even if I can't have her."

"Sure.  This way."  Thoth led Mr. Bubble and Big Al over to where the
princess was tethered.  Cassiopeia looked up through her sweaty and
matted bangs at the approaching gang of hoodlums.

"GAWD!  What a beauty!"  Gasped Mr. Bubble.  "You sure I can't interest
you in a trade or something?  I've got a shipload of kumquats that we
just rescued from a fruit slaver that I'll trade for her."

"A shipload of kumquats, eh?  Very tempting, but no.  I like my prize."
Thoth ogled at the exposed princess.

"What are these?"  Big Al bent close to Cassiopeia's chest, staring
intently at her breasts.

"Um, those are breasts, or commonly referred to as 'tits' or 'boobs'."
Thoth turned to Mr. Bubble and whispered, "you know, I think your first
officer has a few screws loose."

"No no no, not those,"  Big Al said as he poked his finger at the welts
on her chest, causing her to wince in pain, "these...these welts.  The
pattern looks like that of the L. A. freeway system."

"The who?"  Thoth stared.

"The what?"  Mr. Bubble stared.

"The L. A. freeway system.  It is from a legend.  L. A. was a fabled city
of extreme riches and extreme poverty.  Assortment of warriors lived at
this place.  The freeway system was an arena where the warriors would take
their armored horses and do battle daily with other warriors.  You can
find references to it in the Ancient Guides of Thomas."  Big Al rambled.

Thoth and Mr. Bubble looked at each other and shrugged.

"Anyway, Thoth, would you mind if I play with your new toy a bit?"  Asked
Bubble eagerly.

"Well, as long as all her digits and limbs are in the correct places after
you're done.  Also, no permanent damage.  It's not nice to damage other
kids' toys, you know."  Thoth advised motherly.

"Great!"  Mr. Bubble then turned to one of his crew that he brought on
board.  "Get me my equipment.  Oh, and get one of the Tools."

The sailor disappeared back over the railing, then reappeared moments later
with a sack over his shoulder.  He placed the sack on the deck and started
rummaging through it.

"Which one would you like, o' master?  The purple one?"

"No, that's too small.  This calls for The Big One, The Tools Majora.
Get me the plaid one!"  Shouted Bubble.

The sailor searched a bit more in the sack until, finally triumphant, he
pulled out the biggest, meanest, most horrid looking plaid shoe stretcher
Thoth had ever seen.  Mr. Bubble snatched it away as soon as it appeared and
rushed over to the hapless princess, who can only stare and squeak in object
terror (because she's terrified of the 'object', get it?).  For the next hour,
Mr. Bubble applied the shoe stretcher to the princess with utter passion--
sweat beaded on his brow, muscles rippled under his shirt--he was a man
possessed.  The princess screamed, yelled, moaned, groaned, wheezed, and
overall made assortment of racket under the cruel treatment by Mr. Bubble.
Everyone else stood by and were awed and horrified by the incredible orgy
of lust and violence they were witnessing.  The things Mr. Bubble did to the
princess were so horrible, so inhumane, that they cannot be described with
mere words.  (Besides, this author has absolutely no idea how one would go
about using a shoe stretcher in an inhumane fashion, so it is probably best
that it isn't described in words.)

After the ordeal was over, Mr. Bubble wiped the sweat out of his brows and
handed the now soiled shoe stretcher over to his flunky.  Princess Cassiopeia
hung near lifeless on the mast, the only evidence of life being her short,
raspy breaths and the occasional spasms that shook her body.

"Wow, that was something," croaked Thoth, trying to catch his own breath.
"No wonder they consider you the dreadest of the dread pirates.  OT," he
turned toward his student, "why don't you go and get us something to eat
and drink?  I think we all need a bit of a rest after that."

"Hey, thanks for letting me have a go at her," Bubble thumbed at the
princess over his shoulder, "sorry I left her in such a lifeless state."

"Don't worry about it," Thoth smiled, picking up the wicked whip OT had
left behind.  "It won't take much to get her stirred up again."  Thoth
stood back and shook the whip a bit, getting the feel of it in preparation
of some enjoyment of his own.

As he was about to take the first swing, a call from the crow's nest
shattered his concentration.

"Ships on the horizon, Captain!"

"What the Fu...Who the hell is it this time?"  Thoth yelled, his frustration
showing in his voice.  He tried to spot the ships in question, squinting
into the setting sun.

"Possibly the royal fleet sir.  Wait...It's flying the Sword Wielding Buddha
banner!"

"The Sword Wielding...That can only mean...Shit! It's Martelli!"  Thoth
exclaimed.

"Martelli!"  Mr. Bubble croaked.

"Martelli!"  Big Al yelped.

"Martelli!"  Cassiopeia squealed.

"Martelli!"  The crew shrieked.

"Crumpets and tea, anyone?"  Orbis offered.



