                   Cassy's First Time

                                                By Tish
                                                   02/12/1994

Cassy was walking home along the streets of her home town, it was a muggy
day and she had just finished a hard game of basket ball which her school
had played against another small town school. It was very thirsty work this
losing by two points, but everyone at Bayberry High School are quiet close
to one and other. Cassy only moved there 8 years ago from Merryweather to
live with her Uncle and Aunt.

So Cassy now was living with her Aunty Donna and hunky Uncle Mick, it is a
great place to live, they have there home like most others on five achers of
land. Uncle Mark breeds Arib horses and Aunty Donna works at the local
University as an phsysioligy lecuture working late afternoons and evenings
leaving Cassy and Uncle Mick home together alot, they love each others
company. So most of her time is spent with Uncle Mick who she thinks is
very sexy.

Cassy stoped at the shop for a drink of Coke to try and quench her thrust,
as she walked there were some work men fixing a phone line or something, on
approaching them she heard them talking about her, she had just turned 16 last
Wednesday, she became embarrassed by there attentions. You see Cassy thought
that she was very plain so she could not understand what she thought were grow
men moaning and smilling at her in such a sexual way. If she was Belinda
Richardson, who, in Cassy's eyes had everything, tall, pretty faced and
very sexy, she would understand.

She could not understand it, "o'well" she thought.

Walking up her driveway about to pass Avatar her favourite horse as he ran for
her, Cassy touched him lovingly on the forehead brushing his hair out of his
eyes, "Did you miss you mummy baby, you are a good boy, but I feel sticky and
sweety". So off up the driveway she walked to the house to have a shower and
to get cleaned up before Uncle Mick gets back from Elebanna with a horse that
a client would like one of our Stalians to sire.

Cassy thought that Uncle Mick was very sexy often they would sit under the
Jacarander tree watching the horses frolic in the paddock, Uncle Mick often
genteraly brushed Cassy's hair out of her face, sometimes Uncle Mick would
come up from behind her with his strong lean hands grabbing her waist and
pulling her back to him. If only he knew this made her pussy tingle and
sometimes her nipples whould become errect and excited.

But just to watch him move or the way he layed on the lounge room floor,
o'boy, he lays on one side up on one elbo and always with one right leg bent
up over his other leg. His shoulder length hair, which he sometimes leaves
out, reminds Cassy of a wild untaimed beast.

Cassy grabed a bannana from the fruit bowl, and rushes up the stairs throwing
her bag down and turning on her CD player she starts to peel the bannana then
places it on the bathroom sink.

Standing back and just looking at herself her black hair was tapped with sweat
making her face look very sexy which highlighted her green eyes, her hair was
cut in a way that was light and wispy which moved realy well on her face and
down around her young inviting neck, just begging to be licked and kissed like
she has often fantasized about Uncle Mick doing.

Cassy could see how her t-shirt was wet with sweat and it had clung to her
tits making it easy to see her heavy, some would say a good hand full of perky
tits. Looking at herself in the mirror she could see her thin waist and well
toned bum and legs, she laughed and said "now I know what the workmem meant, I
am pretty fucking hot looking when I'm all wet."

Cassy just slipped her hands up the side of her t-shirt and cupping her own
tits running two fingers up to her nipples and rubbing them over her now
taught nipples, squeazing and twisting her nipples for some reason she
sometime enjoyed touching her body rough like someone was going to fuck her
without her consent, if felt good. Leaving one hand to stimulate her tits she
took her other and ran it rubbing her up to her neck squeazing. Then placing
her fingers into her mouth she sucked and touching her lips, taking her
fingers into her mouth and lathering her fingers with saliver moving those
fingers to the right nipple. It felf so wet and sexy this grabbing and
squeezing caused her hips to start moveing her moistning pussy up and down,
so wanting to touch her waist and then, moving her both hands onto her hips
then sliding one hand around to her arse checks fingering her arsehole,
moaning and opeing wider so she could feel more of her own wanting body.

Looking into the mirror Cassy saw Uncle Mick admiring her arse action, as he
moved close he grabed her hips pulling her in, that close that she could
feel his prick hard against her making her freeze.

"Your fucking hot Cass" he said as he ran his hands up the insides of her
t-shirt exposing her tits as the fabric moved slowly up, then pushing her
hands up into the air he kissed her back, licking and biting her neck as
he took her top off. She could hardly speak, moaning with lust she
found herself moving and grinding her sexy young body agaist her 34-year-old
Uncle whom she have fantisized about. Her hole body was trembling, his breath
was hot and scary as he ran his mouth along her neck to her ear, which
drove her into a lusting hotness she had never felt before, Uncle Mick capped
and lifted her tits in both hands. Cassy took her hands around the back of
his jeans to play with his tight arse and that throbbing prick which was
paulseating against her butt.

"Do you want it Cassy" he questioned.

"Oh yes please Uncle Mick" she said. Taking one of her hands and moving it
around to the top of her pussy near her clit. Uncle Mick took her hand under
his and pushing around the pussy bone, pushing firmer as they went, "Lets see
how horney Cassy is" Uncle Mick thought. Not one part of her body was not
throbbing and begging for more of him, slowly but forceable he pushed there
wiggling fingers into the moist young mouth of her vagina.

Cassy let out a moan that seem to explode from within her very pure but
lustful sole, "Oh Uncle Mick I dont know what to do, my body is just so horney
for you, our fingers feel so good, I just want you to be the first to fuck
my boby."

Grabbing and needing Cassy's heavy pale white tits and light pick nipples,
Uncle Mick was looking at her her in the mirror and how she wiggle and pressed
her butt back against his cock which was as hard as a rock and pulsating
widely in his jeans.

"More, oh, I want you to fuck me, fuck me hard Micky" Cassy sighed, "Oh what
are you doing".

"Look into the mirror Cassy" he said as he slowly slipped there fingers out of
Cassy's flooding hot pussy, "Open you mouth", Cassy opened her mouth quickly,
she was hungry for the taste of her own pussy cream.

Mick said "Oh shit your sexy Cass" as he placed there fingers in her mouth.
She sucked and licked every last sticky sweat smelling drop. Looking up at
each other in the mirror seeing how very horney they were for each other.

Micky had to have his nices tight little pussy now, right now. "Oh
shit" he thought as Micky turned her around and lifted her up by her hot arse
cheeks, spreading with his fingers her pussy lips while backing her up to the
hand basen.

Kissing, there tongues thrashing about, it was all so intense, there
breathing was hot and wild. Licking and sucking, Cassy then ripped his shirt
open looking at his huge shoulders. Mick was fingering her, pushing those
wiggerling fingers in and out as fast as he could, Cassy sucked his nipples,
she could taste his sweet, and how good it tasted! Micky moved a hand onto her
wobbling heavy tit needing it in his hand. Than he rapping his hot wet
inquestive tounge around and around her tit. Closing his teeth down he knawed
the almost rubbery texture of her young tit whilst still finger fucking his
niece.

Cassy was stuggerling with getting his jeans down, she wiggled off the hand
bassen pulling his jeans down to his ankles rubbing her hands along his legs
upto his thighs. Micky grabbed a handfull of her black hair, pulling her head
back and moaned "What are you doing babe?".

"You'll see" she said. While she stood bent over in front of him she moved
her hand, to the front of his body touching and rubbing his prick while
looking up at him. She could see his pre-cum driping from the head of his
penis, Cassy said softly "Is that all for me?", "Yeah baby all for you!" he
replied.

Micky ran his hands down her back toward her arsehole, then slipping two
fingers into and out of her wet pussy. Cassy placed her thick stronge lips
around the base of his prick taking it all the way in, it smelt salty but
tasted better than she could have ever imagined as she sucked and licked.
Micky placed his two wet fingers near her arsehole. Cassy's head was moving
rhythmicaly along the long cock shaft, sucking and twirling her tounge around
it's head, then sucked quiet firmly out the juices that were dribbling out
of his cock's head.

Micky was moaning and fucking her mouth now, he ran one hand down her back and
around to the front of her grabbing her flopping tit, needing it and running
his hand from one to the other.

Uncle Micky heard one of the horses kicking and making a hell of a lot of
noise, so he genteely moved Cassy up so they could walk to the bedroom to look
out and see what was going on. Micky grabbed Cassy under the arm lifting her u
as she rapped her well toned legges around his waist, as he carried her to the
room they kissed hot and hard with alot of tounge, you could hear them mutaly
groan with pleasure.

Upon reaching the window Micky grabbed Cass by the hips and helped her down, 
in a frim but controlled way he turned her around to face out the window,
running his hands down her arms then placing her hands on the windowsill,
they looked out, Cass was arching her back and purseing her pussy.
How delicously hot is smelt to him, for Micky wanting to be his neices first
fuck.

They heard the rucuss outside and seen Avatar mount the young mare, Mick
laughted and said "Seems like both of us are getting lucky today!". It made
them both hot to see the horses fucking, Micky grabbed her tight arse, taking
his fingers to his mouth he ozzed saliva over her pussy and arsehole.

Then as he looked he could smell her hot sticky sex smell, it nearly drove him
wild and looking at her from this angle he could see her pussy and arsehole
pulsating separately. With those wet fingers he started to rythmicaly
finger her arsehole, Cassy flatened her back and pushed herself back as far as
she could to get as much as of Micky fingers as deep as possible.

"I want your deliouse throbing prick in me now." She begged.

Micky grabbed his penis and rubbed around Cassy's dripping and very swollen
pussy. Uncle Mick could not hold back anymore, quiet roughtly he pushed his
honry prick into her virginal wetter then wet pussy. They both let out a moan
at almost the same time, it was the most unexplainable and yet the most
yearned for pain Cassy had ever felt.

Uncle Mick could feel that she was tighter then he had imagined, throbbing and
fucking her pussy, this and seeing how she fucked her sexy thight arse made
him ever hornier. "Go babe, fuck me Cass" Micky begged.

Uncle Micky grabbed her shoulders so he could fuck Cassy hard. Cassy
moaned, "Your so deep, its to much, I feel like I am going to wet myself."

Micky panted "Thats good babe", "But Micky I dont understand" she groaned.
"It's your first cum Cass just go with it babe, keep fucking, come on thats
great" he encouraged.

They were both at a point where all they could do was fuck each other, it was
the most unbelievable feeling to only want to fuck as hard and as fast as they
both could. They were both sweating and panting, Micky could feel Cassy's hole
body convolsing, her pussy was spasming uncontrolably, then with sweet
dripping from her body Cassy hole vagina felt like it was cramping, she could
not move, Uncle Micky knew she was comming.

"Thats it babe go with it" he said as he continued to pump, Micky could feel
his own hot cum exploding, it was like he could feel it comming from the base
of his balls all the way up then spraying furiosly into Cassy's cramping
swollen pussy. The room was filled with moans and grows of pure sexual
satisfaction.

Still fucking Micky pulled out and sprayed a little cum on her arse, and
rubbed it in with his hands, Cassy could only moan with pleaser. Uncle Micky
grabbed Cassy's waist and turned her around and said to her "You are my
fucking hot little girl."

"Kiss me Micky" she said climbing up to him.

There kiss was long and sexy with heaps of tounge.

                                The End....
