Archive-name: First/cat.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Cat

 
I was 17.  I had known Cat for about two years, first as a casual
aquaintance, then as my girlfriend's best friend.  Few guys could look
at her without feeling lust - she had the nicest set of tits I had ever
seen: Big, full, and firm, with that sort of perfect roundness we all
dream about.  She had a lovely oval face and flouncy brown hair, and
her tight ass was a perfect accompaniment to those fantastic breasts.
Many a night I had lain in bed thinking about her - stroking my cock
and dreaming about those tits.
 
In fact, I must admit, even while fucking my girlfriend or watching her
suck my cock, I would often fantasize that this was Cat's mouth, Cat's
pussy, and imagine what her beautiful tits would look like wedged
between my thighs as she sucked me, or bouncing as I fucked her.  Not
to say that my girlfriend was lacking in any way.  Alice was a
beautiful, small japanese girl, with a particularly charming little
face and a mouth that loved to suck.  No one looking at her demure
expression and perfect posture could guess that this little chick was a
sexual dynamo - she simply adored cock, and would suck and fuck me any
time we had a spare moment alone.  For a 17 year-old boy who'd had
almost no sexual experience before, this was a dream come true.
Alice's body was perfect - like a sculpture or a painting - and to
watch her moving over me while she speared herself on my hard cock was
almost more than I could stand.
 
Nevertheless, I could not help but think about Cat now and again.
Where  Alice was small, olive skinned, and perfect, Cat was like a
playboy centerfold.  Her big, firm breasts, slim waist, and tight round
ass could not escape my attention, no matter how wonderful it was to
fuck Alice.  That they were friends, that I could not bear to lose my
little japanese lover, that Cat had shown only a casual interest in me
as a friend, these things did not deter my lust.  "Fantasy is
harmless," I thought, "so why not enjoy it?  Nothing will ever come of
it."
 
It was a New Year's eve party, held at a mutual friend's parent's
house, and Alice was visiting her relatives in Oakland.  We'd had a few
hot words about it, since she had an old boyfriend or two up there and
I was a typical paranoid 17 year old.  Even though I knew I was wrong,
I kept seeing her in my mind's eye, spread out on a bed for some
muscular matrial artist.  I was not in the best mood.
 
Neither was Cat.  She arrived at the party late, and was dressed in a
suprisingly frumpy dress.  Cat was always proud of her body, especially
her chest, and was known to wear tight-fitting T shirts and short
skirts  at virutally every opportunity.  That night she was wearing
some shapeless grey dress that hid every curve.  I could tell she'd
been crying by the redness in her eyes and the fact that herr nose was
running slightly - not an alluring sight by any means.  She was sitting
on the staircase alone, which was unusual in itself since Cat was
almost  always surrounded by guys who were trying to look down her
shirt; but that night she was giving off such un-sexual vibes that
everyone seemed to be staying clear.  As though without her sexiness
there was no reason to go near her.  I felt real pity for her, since
there was obviously something serious bothering her.  I sat next to her
on the carpeted stairs and asked what was wrong.
 
Before I knew it she was holding onto my knee and sobbing.  Apparantly 
her boyfriend of 6 months had just given her the gate - she had refused
to go farther than oral sex with him, and he had run out of patience
with her.  Even though I felt sorry for her - I imagined how I would
feel if Alice left me - I still felt my cock stir at the feeling of her
breast against my leg.  Her tears had started people looking in our
direction and Cat was embarrased, so we went into the back yard to sit
by a hedge and talk.
 
She poured her heart out to me for two solid hours, and I found myself 
ashamed that I had been aroused at her touch.  She had loved the jerk, 
or though she had, but had just not felt ready to go all the way with
him.  He was a typical jock stud, and she was too young to see how
little he really cared about her  I tried to make her understand how
guys like that operate; I told her about the way some guys talked about
girls in the locker room, about the jokes they made about well-endowed 
girls, but she just seemed to get sadder and sadder.  To top it all
off,  he had abandonned her at the front door to this party after they
had argued all the way there.
 
I offered her a ride home.  The party was really going by then and we
were finding it hard to hear each other.   On the way home I tried to
think of things to say that might make her feel better.  I told her
that I had always thought she'd sold herself short by going with that
particular guy, and I knew of plenty of guys at school who were
interested in her, and so forth, but nothing seemed to help.
 
"Yes, I know," she said, "but I'm used to that.  When you have a good
body there are always plenty of guys hanging around.  That doen't mean
anything to me."
 
"Well, do you respect my opinion of people?" I asked.
 
"Sure - of course.  You're one of the best people I know."
 
"Well then, if it makes a difference, let me say that if it weren't for
Alice, I'd have asked you out a long time ago."  I saw the surpise in
her eyes, and thankfully there was pleasure there too.  "I've always
liked you, Cat.  You're honest and fun to be with - I'd want to be your
friend whatever you looked like."
 
I'm sure guys had told her before that they liked her for her, always
trying to get in her panties, of course.  But I meant what I said and
she could tell.  A silent moment passed, and she began to cry again.  I
started to apologize, but she held up a hand to stop me.
 
"No, no - that was very sweet of you.  I've always sort of hoped...
Well I don't know.  Let's just say that that's nice to hear, that you
like me..."  She was obviously flustered.
 
When we got to her house I could see that the lights were all out and
the cars all gone except hers.  Her folks and her sister were obviously
not home.  I walked her to the door, waited for her to unlock and open 
it, then was about to leave when she asked me if I wanted a cup of
coffee or a cold drink.  I accepted, but at that point I felt sure her
offer was innocent.
 
We sat in the living room on a big, comfortable sofa, drinking coffee,
listening to the radio and talking.  She seemed to have cheered up
considerably.  She added bourbon to our second round of coffee, saying
that she really "felt irish" that night, laughing as she said it.  I
laughed too, but I did not understand the reference.  I was starting to
get a little nervous, since I noticed that when she returned with the
coffees she had also unbuttoned the top three buttons on her dress, and
the rounded tops of her breasts were cresting nicely.  I could even
make out the lacy trim of her bra.
 
My cock was getting uncomfortably hard, and I caught her looking at it 
more than once while she poured a little more bourbon in each of our
cups.
 
"I can't tell you how much better you've made me feel," she said, her
voice just slightly sloshy from the booze.  She leaned back on the sofa
and sighed.  "To be honest, it's nice to have the pressure off - to not
have `him' begging to fuck me every five minutes."  In leaning back she
allowed her dress to rise high on her thighs, and I could see the sky-
blue material of her panties.
 
I think I gasped a little, from the view and because I'd never heard
Cat talk that way before, and she smiled at my reaction.  "Oh come now,
Steve," she said, "Alice has told me all about what you two get up to. 
No reason we can't talk about sex - we're friends, aren't we?"
 
I had to swallow hard - this was the object of every wet dream I'd had 
over the past year, getting drunk, showing me her tits, and wanting to 
talk about sex.  I don't know how I managed to do it, but I set down my
drink and said "Well, I don't think Alice'd be too thrilled if she
walked in on us right now, do you?"
 
Cat was quiet for a at least a full minute, then she leaned forward
(drawing my eyes to those glorious mounds that were inches from
spilling forth) and said "She's in Oakland, Steve.  My family is in
L.A.  No one's going to walk in on us." She had a serious look on her
face now, and her eyes welled up.  "I need you.  I really need you.  I
know it's a lot to ask."
 
That was the straw.  I might have been able to resist a simple
seduction, but this was too much.  She was begging me.  I leaned
forward and kissed her as gently as I could.  I felt her tongue brush
my lips, and when I probed with mine her lips parted and she took my
tongue deep into her mouth.  She pulled me back, slowly, until she was
lying on her back in the folds of the soft sofa and I was cradling her
in my arms.
 
Our first kiss lasted for at least five minutes, as our tongues and
lips probed and stroked and kissed.  She took my right hand and placed
it against her left breast, and I felt the nipple swell in my palm.
Such a nipple it was, too - it felt like a small stone in my hand.  She
began to suck my tongue like a cock, in and out, while she undid the
buttons on her dress, then unsnapped the front clasp on her bra.  I
pushed the material away and looked down at the lovliest pair of
breasts I have ever seen, including those in mens magazines.  They were
so round and firm and perfect.  Her aeriolas were pink and large, and
the nipples stood out like buttons.  I kissed down her neck, ran my
tongue over her collarbone, and took a nipple in my mouth, sucking it
lovingly.  Her breathing became shallow and quick, and I could feel her
heart beating rapdily as I massaged one nipple while sucking the other,
then switched.
 
"Oh, God Steve.  That's soooo nice.  Um, do it.  Ohhhhhhhh" - her words
were lost in a low moan, and I glanced up to see here eyelids flutter. 
I let my left hand drift down between her legs, and she spread them for
me, drawing her knees up slightly.  I rubbed her pussy through her
panties, and her breaths turned into little mewls of delight.  My heart
was beating like a freight train.  She was biting her lower lip and
churning her hips when I eased her panties aside and let my fingers
probe her pussy.
 
She was warm and wet, and her breathing deepened as I began stroking
her clit with my thumb while finger-fucking her slowly with my middle
finger.  Her pussy was very snug, even around just one finger - Alice
had told me Cat was a virgin, and though I had found that hard to
believe, I had to admit that she was awfully tight.  Her hips rocked
slowly and rhythmically, matching the strokes of my hand as I palmed
and probed her tight little cunt, and she put her hand behind my head
and pulled my mouth back onto her breast again.  I sucked her nipples
for a few mintues, while her hips began to move gradually faster, then
she gasped slightly and pushed my head down toward her pussy.
 
"Please....  Oh, fuck....  mmmmmmmm, that's so good.....  Ah, Steve.
Do you....  uhhhhh.....  mind sucking pussy? Uhhhhhhhh....  I know some
guys....  don't like....  uuuuuuuhhhh..."
 
I kissed her navel and lifted my head - her eyes opened just a little
and I winked at her.  She closed them again and smiled, then began
moaning and rolling her head back and forth.  I removed my hand from
her pussy and took her panties off completely.  She lifted her lips to
help, and I took the opportunity to kiss her pussy lightly.  She bit
her lower lips again and giggled.  That giggle turned into a moan as I
began to lick her pussy lips.
 
I am very, very good at giving head.  Alice was a very communicative
lover, and over the year we'd been together I had learned just exactly
was turns a woman on.  Cat's pussy was lovely - just a few wisps of
curly hair above the clit, and a totally hairless labia... exactly the
way I like them.  Her pussy lips were parted slightly, and her
moistness was pooled slightly in the hole.
 
I took my time, alternately sucking her labia and flicking my tongue
over her clit while my index finger gently probed her pussy.  When I
thought she was ready to come, I took her clit between my lips and
began sucking and licking it.  Every few strokes I would plunge my
tongue into her pussy, then after a pause I'd begin licking her clit
again.
 
Three times she came close to coming, her body arching and her moans
reaching a peak, and three times I backed off, licking gently about her
labia and reaching up to stroke the sides and undersides of her tits.  
Each time I backed off she moaned and laughed a little in
dissapointment  - but she knew how good it would be when I took her all
the way.
 
"Do you want to come now, Cat?", I asked between licks.
 
"Ummmmmm, yes.   Oh, yeah.  I want to come, I really, ahhhhhhhhh, want 
to come.  What a good idea.  Ahhhhhhhhhhh, do me..."
 
I aim to please.  I began sucking her in earnest, with no turning back.
I gradually inserted a second finger into her pussy, and she gasped,
but her hips started snapping even more wildly.  I felt a little twitch
in her hips and knees, and I knew it was time.  I sucked her clit
deeply and she came.
 
Her knees thighs clamped over my ears as she wrapped her legs around my
head.  Her hips snapped and bucked wildly, as though she was trying to
escape, but she held onto me with her legs.  The sound she made was
high and sweet and came from the back of her throat.  Sort of an Mmmmm
mmmmmmmmmmmmmm sound that turned into a throaty moan as her lips parted
into an O.  I love to watch a woman's face at she comes.  Such love,
such  joy.  Cat's face was completely rapturous as I sucked and licked
her pussy.  I kept her coming for a full minute at least, then when she
began to come down I nibbled her clit lightly with my teeth until she
was coming again.  Finally, after bringing her to climax three times in
this way, she stroked my hair with her hands, released her thigh-grip
on my heads and said "that's all I can take, lover.  Ah, god, that was
the best, the best."
 
Her face was all smiles as she hugged me and kissed my face.  She had
unbuttoned my shirt and I could feel those huge tits pressed against my
chest as she held me to her.  After she caught her breath, she undid
the drawstring on my pants and slipped one hand in.  She licked my ear
as she massaged my cock, and whispered "I am going to suck your cock
until you come in my mouth, baby.  I'm going to give you the best
blowjob you've ever had.  I'm going to lick it and suck it until you
give me your come.  Then I'm going to suck you hard again and we'll
think of something else to do."
 
She got no argument from me.  I only half dared hope that "something
else" meant she wanted me to fuck her.  After all, she wouldn't let her
boyfriend do that, and she was a virgin.  I decided that I'd just sit
back, enjoy the blowjob, and count my blessings.
 
She took her clothes off completely, then motioned for me to stand.  My
shirt fell away, and she knelt before me, took off my shoes and socks,
and then pulled by pants and underwear off in one motion.  I cannot
tell you how intense this was, watching this lovely, stacked girl on
her knees in front of me, naked, maintaining eye contact while she
removed my pants.
 
My cock was, of course, hard as a post, and it bopped her in the chin
as she pulled my briefs away.  She stroked the insides of my thighs
with her fingernails and began kissing the head of my cock lightly,
lovingly, almost chastely.  The way her soft hair framed her face, and
the look of total attention in her eyes as she kissed my penis and
rubbed my legs was almost enought to make me come right then, but I
mamanged to hold back.  After a moment or two she began to stroke my
cock with one hand while she took just the head in her mouth and began
to run her tongue all around it - again so slowly, carefully, lovingly.
I could feel every contour of her tongue and lips as she licked,
nipped, sucked the head and glans.  She stroked my balls lightly with
the fingernails of her right hand, while she held the shaft in her left
hand and stroked.
 
This was heaven, pure and simple.  The concentration of pleasure was
intense and complete.  Then the doorbell rang.
 
I paniced a little, but Cat reacted calmly, giving by cock a final
lick, then standing to kiss me with her arms around my neck.  My cock
was poking her in the belly when she whispered in my ear "It's probably
him." She nipped my earlobe, then turned and walked to the front door,
which was only about 8 feet away.
 
A lot of things went through my mind.  Getting the living shit kicked
out of me by the jock on the other side of the door was high on the
list, but the top item was certainly the interruption of the best
blowjob I'd ever had.  Or heard of.  My heart sunk, then rose when I
realized that though she was peering through the peephole, she was not
reaching for the doorknob.  I could hear his muffled voice on the other
side of the door saying "Cat?  You Home?  C'mon, open the door, Cat..."
 
She came back to me, and stroked my cock a few times with her hand,
smiling a mischevious smile.  She whispered "Let's go to my bedroom, so
we can get confortable.  This is going to take a while."  By "this" I
did not know if she meant the blowjob or her ex-boyfriend's persistent
knocking at the door.  As if to answer my unspoken question, she
literally led me down the hall by my cock and said "you have such a
beautiful cock - I'm not going to be rushed."  My cock had softened
slightly from the perceived danger, but the sight of her in the moonlit
hallway, tight little buns bouncing as she walked in front of me, her
hand gently squeezing my dick as we walked - well, I think I gained an
inch.
 
He room was dimly lit from a streetlight outside through a gauzy
curtain.  "He might come to the window," she whispered, "but don't
worry.  He's not sure I'm here and there's no way that asshole is
getting in here.  Now, " she said, pushing me back onto her bed.  "You
just lie back and let Cat suck your beautiful dick."
 
I did just that, of course.  She even put a pillow behind my head,
leaning over my face to adjust it, and I gave her nipples another suck
for good measure.  Then she spread my legs and laid down on her stomach
between them.  It was just exactly as I had dreamed it - so much so,
that for a moment I wondered, with the eerie quality of the light and
the perfectness of the situation, if I might be dreaming.  She kissed
my cock from the base to the tip, all along the underside, then swirled
her tongue over the head and took it into her mouth.  All notions of
dreaming left my mind at the feeling of her mouth sliding down my cock
while her tongue slipped side to side all the way.  Again, she went
slowly, applying just enough suction and pressure that I could feel
every tastebud on her tongue and every vein on my dick.  She bobbed her
head slowly up and down, up and down, and on every downstroke I could
see her tight ass down there between my ankles, and on every upstroke I
could see her lovely breasts, pushed together, emphasiszing their
roundness.  And on every stroke she sighed in pleasure.
 
After a dozen deep strokes or so, she lifted her mouth from my cock and
began to lick and kiss the underside again, her left hand stroking my
belly.  Then she sucked each of my balls lightly and stroked the shaft
with her right hand.  We made eye contact again as she lifted her head
to take me back into her mouth, and she blew me a little kiss.  She
game the underside of my cock a wet, tonguey kiss, and her eyes
half-closed as she gave me the sexiest expression I've ever seen.  Then
it was back to the deep strokes with side to side tongue movement on
the underside of my dick.  Such a feeling cannot me described.  It was
incredible.
 
She developed a rhythm.  A dozen deep strokes, then lick and kiss the
shaft and my balls.  Then more strokes, more licks.  Each time she went
back to my cock she sucked a little stronger, and soon I could feel her
saliva dripping from my balls onto her bedsheets.  On the sixth or
seventh time she looked up at me from my balls, I noticed her eyes
widen in suprise and she supressed a little laugh.  I looked over my
shoulder and could make out the silhouette of her ex-boyfriend as her
cupped his hands around his face and tried to peer in through the
window.  I could not tell if he could see anything through those gauzy
curtains, but she went back to deep-sucking me with renewed vigor, and
I thought I heard him say "oh, shit" right before he melted away into
the night.  Maybe he was just angry that she was not home, but from the
tone in his voice I'd bet he could just make out the image of Cat
sucking on another man's cock.
 
What justice, I thought.
 
Cat lifted her mouth from my cock, licked her lips very sexily, and
said, "are you ready, Steve? Do you want to come in my mouth now?" She
smiled, and I was, in fact, pretty damn ready.  "Uh huh" was all I
could say, and she smiled and drew herself to a kneeling position.
"Let's get serious, then," she said, and positioned by hands so I could
squeeze and stroke her tits while she sucked me.  This was serious.
From the first stroke I could see what this new angle did for her.  She
was now taking my entire cock, all the way, down into her throat.  I
had neve been deep-throated before.  Each stroke began with just her
lips on the head, about 1/8th of an inch of my cock in her mouth, then
she would plunge down, taking the whole thing into her mouth, over her
swirling tongue, into her throat.  Her hands were on either side of my
hips, supporting her, and I stroked and squeezed and palmed her titties
while her head bobbed faster and faster.
 
This did not last long.  I felt the orgasm begin at the base of my
spine, the rapidly build up through my balls and into the shaft.  In
that moment, just before a man comes, when the pressure backs off just
a tad, I said "I'm coming" in a throaty whisper.  Cat took my dick all
the way down her throat, and gave the underside a long, hard stroke
with her tongue while she sucked.  And I came.  She began to moan, then
was cut off by the raging stream of my come flooding her mouth.  She
swallowed once, twice, then backed off and breathed in around the edged
of my cock.  It was still pulsing, still sending come into her mouth,
and some of it spilled out.  In a few moments my cock began to subside,
and she let it slide out of her mouth so she could lick up the come
that had dripped into my public hair and onto my balls.
 
She licked my dick clean, and semi-hard again, then kissed her way up
to  my face and slid beside me.  Her right hand was behind my head, her
left stroked my chest.  I was just this side of unconscious, but I was
conpletely aware of her touch, her breasts crushed against my side, and
the fact that my dick was already starting to harden again.
 
Her face was pressed to my ear, her tongue gently probing.  I could her
her breath quicken as she began to play with my cock, using her right
hand.  Jacking the shaft slowly, she lifted her head and watched my
cock grow gradually to its full length.  I was gently stroking her
pussy hair with the fingertips of my right hand while squeezing her
tight little buns with my left.  We seemed to lie that way for a long
time, her eyes wide and nervous as she stroked my now rigid cock.  I
could tell she was trying to come to a decision, but by then my fingers
were stroking her clit and her breath was coming in short little gasps
every time I flicked her little button.
 
"I've never gone all the way," she said finally, turning her face to
me, her eyes searching mine.  "I'm a little scared, but I want to.  I
you to fuck me.  You've got me so hot... I..."

She closed her eyes and buried her face in my chest, redoubling her
efforts on my cock and humping against my probing hand.  I gently
pushed her over on her back and knelt between her legs.  She spread
them wide for me, exposing her pink pussy lips, and she looked so
small.  I was eagerly anticipating how tight she was going to be, but I
also noticed that she'd closed her eyes and was biting her bottom lip.
 
"Don't be afraid, Cat," I said, "we're going to go very slow.  I won't 
hurt you.  I promise."
 
She looked up at me with a look that said "I believe you - I trust you"
and she nodded her head slightly.  Her pussy was extremely wet, and my
cock was the hardest it had ever been.   I gently eased just the head
inside, then pulled it out and rubbed her juices over her perfect
little labia, stroking her clit with the tip of my cock.  Again I eased
the head in, moved it around a little, then pulled it out and stroked
her clit.  Her eyes had closed again, and her lower lip was between her
teeth, but this time the look was lust, not fear.  I placed the head
inside her again, and she lifted her ass from the bed, forcing my cock
a little deeper.  I put my hand gently but firmly on her tummy and
pushed her back down.  She smiled and moaned a little in faint protest,
then gasped a little and coooed when I pushed my cock halfway in.  She
as so tight, so warm.  I almost came immediately, but held back and
waited for the pressure to subside.  Since I'd already come once in her
mouth I was able to stop myself - I'm sure I would not have otherwise.
 
I half-fucked her for about a dozen strokes, holding her down with my
hand on her tummy, then pulled out again and rubbed her lips and clit.
He body was shaking and I knew she was close to coming.  "OK Cat," I
said, "I think you're ready," and I began to ease my cock into her
fully.  I put it halfway in again and began long, slow strokes, each
imperceptably deeper than the one before it.  All the while I was
stroking her clit with my thumb, using tight circles and firm pressure.
I felt the muscles of her thighs tense, her back begin to arch, and a
high soft whimper emerging from her throat.  She began to come, and as
I felt her warm, sweet fluid engulf my cock, I drove it all the way
into her.
 
I felt her hymen break, but the intensity of her orgasm overcame the
pain and she began to buck her hips and lift her ass to meet my
strokes.  Her pussy felt insanely tight, and it was like the first time
again for me, as though I'd never felt a pussy wrapped around my cock
before.  Her orgasm peaked and she gasped "Oh goooooood, so goooooood"
as her pussy clamped my cock and she held her ass quivvering in the
air.
 
Her orgasm began to subside, so I intensified my stroked and leaned
down to suck on her erect nipples.  She came again, this time hissing
through her teeth and pressing my head to her breast.  I felt that I
was about to come and said "I'm going to come - I'd better pull out."
She pulled my cock deep into her and held me there with her legs
wrapped around my back.  She reached back with her hand and turned us
over, so that she was on top of me, her soft hair hanging down over her
tits.  She lifted herself until my cock was almost completely out of
her pussy, then slowly slid back down.  Her hand was grasping the base
of my shaft as she did this again and again.  Her eyes were closed and
she had a look of complete concentration on her face.  The feeling was
incredible, but I knew it would not last long.  The come began to boil
up from my balls, and she must have felt it moving up with her thumb
because she pulled my cock out, and slid down to take my load in her
mouth again.
 
I came in five long spurts, my vision becoming sparkly from the
intensity of the orgasm.  I let out a long deep moan and she answered
it with one of her own, the vibrations in her throat feeling so
fantastic. We lay that way for a few moments, my cock shrinking in her
mouth, her hands stroking my legs, her tears falling lightly on my
thighs.  Finally she moved up to my face and we hugged each other
tightly for what must have been an hour.  Finally she said "That was
just the way I always hoped it would be.  I'm never going to forget
this.  God, that was so beautiful."
 
I called my folks later and told her I was staying with a friend.  I
slept with Cat all that night, a deep, peaceful sleep.  I think we'd
both reached a state of calmness that had eluded us for a long time. We
made love again in the morning, then took a shower together.  I made
breakfast for us and she gave me another blow job: "Since I finished my
breakfast first and have nothing to do with my mouth," she giggled.
 
All in all we fucked six times that weekend - and we sucked each other
off countless times.  I have never come so much in a two day period
before or since.  When we parted we both knew it was over.  Alice was
coming back, and Cat and I were not in love.  But it was a time that
neither of us will ever forget, and I made a friend that I have never
lost, even to this day - long after Alice and I have parted ways.  More
than once, at a gathering of friends or a picnic, we've snuck off
somewhere to enjoy a quick fuck or to suck each other off.  It's been
over ten years, but its nice to know we're still horny kids at heart.

--
