Catherine
 
 
 
by Laura Leigh
 
 
 
	Bobby set the makeup case and suitcase down on the bed.  Opening the
luggage, he began to lay out a few of the things he would need for his
session of self-feminization.  His legs, underarms, and body hair had
already been shaved, leaving his body soft, smooth, and ladylike.  He had
spent time at home plucking his eyebrows to feminine perfection, but had no
need to shave his face for he had undergone electrolysis and no longer had
any beard to shave.
 
 
 
	In fact, Bobby was so dedicated to his crossdressing that he had begun a
self-imposed regimen of estrogen therapy.  A year of female hormones had
softened his skin and body tone considerably and had given him a sweet,
girlish face, meaning that, in his everyday life, he no longer looked very
masculine at all.  He was usually mistaken for a girl, which thrilled him
immensely.  With his new face, Bobby had given himself a convincingly
feminine canvas upon which to apply his makeup -- and anything which added
to the authenticity of his ladylike appearance had priority in his life.
His nipples and areolas had grown larger, as would those of any girl
undergoing puberty.  His breasts had only begun to blossom, and based upon
his research he estimated that another fourteen months of hormone ingestion
would result in his having a very respectable bustline.  For the moment, he
needed to wear breast forms when dressed, but Bobby looked forward to that
near-future day when he could amply fill the cups of his bra on his own.
 
 
 
	He hoped within three years to have saved enough money to allow him to
undergo complete sex change surgery in Trinidad, Colorado.  He knew that
before that time he would have to spend a year living a woman's life in
preparation for his permanent alteration.
 
 
 
	He looked forward to that.
 
 
 
	Catherine, a close female friend of his, looked at the clothes he had
brought.  She herself had a voluptuous and perfect figure, with a bustline
that left nothing to be desired.  The way the lovely blonde filled her
nurse's uniform while at work each day had encouraged many a male patient
to recover.  "What a pretty dress," she complimented, holding up his black
jacket dress with its sheer sleeves.  "I'm jealous.  How much was it?"
 
 
 
	"About seventy dollars," Bobby answered.  "Plus the thirty five I spent
having new sleeves put on it.  I think it really turned out well."
 
 
 
	"It sure did.  I might ask to borrow it."  She picked up his Caboodle
cosmetics case.  "Do you want to go ahead and get started?"
 
 
 
	"Sure," he said, picking up a few underthings.  "And look...I can't tell
you how much I appreciate this.  I would have gone nuts if I hadn't gotten
to dress as a woman this weekend.  It's really hard to explain to someone
who hasn't lived with this, but my ego seems to be feminine, and it just
has to come out or I just..."
 
 
 
	"Hey," Catherine  said.  "There's nothing wrong with emulating women.
We're always emulating men..."  She held up his dress.  "Besides, this'll
look good on you."
 
 
 
	"Think so?  I tried it on at home, and it seemed to fit well..."
 
 
 
	"Oh, honey, yes.  It's gorgeous.  This is really going to be fun...I love
seeing you transform yourself into a lady.  I'd even like to do this on a
regular basis, if you want to...it'll be like having a new girlfriend.  You
know, if you moved in with me you could just stay dressed as a girl all the
time.  I already told you that you're welcome to wear anything of mine that
fits you."
 
 
 
	"I'd love to live with you," Bobby said.  "I've always wanted to know a
girl I could stay dressed up around...and it would be fun to share your
wardrobe."  He handed her the cosmetics case as she set down the dress.
"If you want, you can put that on the bathroom vanity counter.  I need to
get into my bra and girdle."
 
 
 
	"You go right ahead.  Let me know when you're ready."  Catherine  left the
room, closing the door behind her.  Bobby got out of his clothes and began
the process of becoming a woman.
 
 
 
	He tucked his penis back, pointing it backward and pressing it up against
his crotch while pushing his testicles up inside his body, into the vacant
area behind them. After putting a maxi-pad into his panties, he pulled them
on tightly to help hold his genitals up out of the way.  Next, he slipped
into a pair of silky sheer pantyhose with a light control top; they
additionally secured his crotch, leaving it as smooth and flat as any
woman's.
 
 
 
	Bobby pulled on his girdle.  It added a little bit of a figure to his
form, and made sure that everything he had put on thus far stayed in place.
His crotch was flat and smooth, with no sign of maleness.  This was
important, for his clothes had to fit right and having a woman's smoothness
there made a big difference in that.
 
 
 
	Opening up the two boxes he had brought with him, he took out his silicone
breast forms and slipped them into the pockets of his mastectomy bra.  They
created a natural, convincing bustline, which moved and felt authentic.  He
slipped into the bra and made a few final adjustments.
 
 
 
	He opened the bedroom door and went into the bathroom, where his cosmetics
case awaited him.  "Catherine ?" he called, getting out his foundation and
powder.  "I'm ready to get started."
 
 
 
	"Coming," she called from the living room.  "Want anything to drink?"
 
 
 
	"Iced tea would be great if you've got it."
 
 
 
	Bobby took a seat in front of the mirror.  Securing his hair back with a
headband, he began to apply his Natural Cover foundation to his face, neck,
and upper chest.  The foundation went on evenly, giving him a flawless,
ivory complexion.  Bobby used a darker shade of base to create artistic
shadows, defining his features in a feminine fashion, and applied a very
light, almost white shade to create highlights.  He set the makeup with a
special powder, one that would make the foundation durable and waterproof.
 
 
 
	Catherine  entered and set his drink down onto the counter.  "Here, hon,"
she said.  She noticed the makeup on his chest.  "Why do you have to put it
down there?"
 
 
 
	"That way, I can use a deeper shade to create the illusion of a deep
cleavage," he answered.  "Wait 'till you see.  It works great."
 
 
 
	After a few minutes, the powder was set.  Bobby used a large brush to dust
away the excess, leaving a perfect base upon which to perform his makeup
magic.  He began with eye shadow, brushing a deep gray into the crease
above each eyelid;  for a dramatic, sexy effect, he carried the color up
and out in a sweeping fashion, creating seductive shadows.
 
 
 
	A lighter shade of frosted plum went onto his lids, followed by a little
frosted pink in the center of each.  The plum also went above the dark
gray, and above that went the pink again.  He used a brush to skillfully
blend them all together where the colors met, creating a smooth transition
from shade to shade.
 
 
 
	Black eyeliner defined his eyes.  Again, he carried the liner out beyond
his eyelids slightly, blending into the upswept shadows.
 
 
 
	"You're looking great," Catherine commented, learning all she could about
his makeup techniques.  She loved wearing makeup, and wanted to learn all
she could from him, for he was quite skilled in cosmetics application.
Life as a crossdresser had taught him how to overcome his male features,
and his talents were easily adaptable to true women.
 
 
 
	He applied his mascara, making his long lashes black and longer still.  A
careful touch of the wand even brought out his lower lashes, framing his
eyes with dark feathers of feminine beauty.
 
 
 
	His eyes were complete.  Catherine looked at his reflection, amazed by his
lovely gaze.  He took an eyebrow pencil and defined his brows into perfect,
feminine arches.
 
 
 
	Next to go on was blush and contour.  Using a plum shade, he applied the
color skillfully, creating the illusion of lovely cheekbones.
 
 
 
	"I have to keep reminding myself that you're not a woman," Catherine
said.  "You look so good and seem so natural doing this..."
 
 
 
	"Stop reminding yourself.  I am a woman, okay? "
 
 
 
	"You know, I could pierce your ears if you want.  You'd be able to wear
pierced earrings like I do...there are a lot more styles available in
pierced than in clip-on."
 
 
 
	"Really?  That would be great."  Choosing a burgundy lip pencil, Bobby
lined his lips until they became a perfect angel's bow in shape.  He then
picked up a tube of frosted indigo pink lipstick and applied it with a lip
brush, filling in the line perfectly and creating supple lips that were
very sexy and very, very feminine.
 
 
 
	"Catherine, could you bring my wig from the bedroom, please?" he asked.
 
 
 
	"Sure, honey," she gladly answered.  "I want to be a part of this any way
I can."
 
 
 
	In a minute, she returned with the wig.  It was dark blonde and very full,
nearly as wide as Bobby's shoulders and styled in a very ladylike fashion.
Tucking his own hair up under it, he pulled it on, creating the perfect
female frame for his woman's features.  Catherine helped him by securing it
in place with bobby pins.
 
 
 
	"Ta-da," he sang.  "That's that part of it..."
 
 
 
	"I swear," Catherine  began, a little amazed.  "I'd never guess you
weren't a woman.  You look so...natural."
 
 
 
	"That's the point.  If I didn't, this wouldn't be nearly as much fun...and
I wouldn't dare go out in public dressed up."  Bobby walked back into the
bedroom and put on his black slip, then slid into the evening dress he had
brought.  It was a black, two piece jacket dress, with sheer blousy sleeves
and a crepe texture.
 
 
 
	"Almost there," he said, adjusting his clothes slightly in the mirror.
Bobby slipped into the pair of black, high heeled pumps he had brought and
took a final, overall look.  He walked very naturally on the four-inch
heels, loving the way they made his legs look.
 
 
 
	"I can't believe it," Catherine said, gazing at his reflection.  "It's a
definite improvement.  I swear...you have no business at all being a man.
You're a woman as far as I can tell...I can't imagine you as anything else
right now."  She looked upon him, loving the way he looked.  He enjoyed his
reflection.  "I guess you use the ladies room while you're out in public,
right?"
 
 
 
	"Of course," he answered, spraying himself with perfume.  He wore Woman by
Andron, liking its soft fragrance and loving that it contained female
pheromones.  "If I tried to use the men's room dressed like this I'd get
arrested."
 
 
 
	"None of the women in the ladies' room with you ever guessed your little
secret?"
 
 
 
	"Not one.  One time, a lady in the next stall even asked to borrow a
tampon...which, luckily, I just happened to have in my purse.  I like
thinking about my needing them, you know?  Anyway, I just passed one to her
under the partition, and she commented on how she loved my nails and asked
me where I'd had them done."
 
 
 
	Catherine smiled widely with absolute glee.  "Are you serious?"
 
 
 
	"Yes, hon.  When I stand at the ladies room mirror with the other girls
and fix my lipstick, no one ever suspects a thing.  And more than once,
I've been drawn into passing conversations about clothes, makeup, and men."
 
 
 
	"What did you say to them?"
 
 
 
	"Once, this one lady -- I guess she was about twenty-six or so -- just
decided to unload to me about how wonderful her sex life was.  I was
minding my own business, fixing my lips, and she just started to go into
detail about her boyfriend's cock size and everything.  Told me she makes a
lot of noise during sex...I couldn't believe it."
 
 
 
	"What did you do?"
 
 
 
	"I told her that my boyfriend liked to fuck me in the balcony at the
Midtown Cinema."
 
 
 
	Catherine laughed, amazed at Bobby's nerve.  "You didn't!  You really said
that?"
 
 
 
	"Sure.  Besides, if I were a girl, that's one I'd really like to try."
 
 
 
	"I think I will.  Anything else?"
 
 
 
	"I told her how much I liked sucking cock."
 
 
 
	Catherine laughed.  "You said that?"
 
 
 
	"Sure."  Bobby looked into Catherine's eyes.  "Because I do."
 
	
 
	Catherine was floored.  She gazed at his utterly feminine visage, having
trouble reminding herself that this was not another girl before her.  "No!
When was this?  You do this a lot?"
 
 
 
	"It's the one part of a woman's sex life I can share.  I like going out as
a woman better than as a man...so, at least once a month, I try to spend a
weekend wearing only women's things, going to movies and restaurants and
going shopping. Sometimes, I can find a nice guy who'll believe I'm a girl
on my period, and, well, one thing leads to another and..."
 
 
 
	"You don't go all the way on the first date, do you?" Catherine teased.
 
 
 
	"I'm not that kind of girl," Bobby laughed.
 
 
 
	Catherine smiled, loving the story.  "Did you like it?"
 
 
 
	"Do you?"  Catherine's coy smile was her answer.
 
 
 
	"Ohhh," Bobby remembered.  "Yes. I love it...it makes me feel
so...female."
 
 
 
	"Well, damn, girl, move in with me!  Be my sister!  You can have Cheryl's
old room.  Then you can stay this way.  You're too pretty to do anything
else."
 
 
 
	Her compliment brought a smile to Bobby's pretty lips.  "Thanks, honey.
Oh, how I'd love to know how it feels to actually live as a woman day in
and day out...having breasts, having my period and having babies..  I'd
especially like to know real sex as a woman...that must really be
wonderful."
 
 
 
	"It is.  It's...nice," Catherine  answered.  "I guess it's pretty
different from what you've known."
 
 
 
	"Must be.  I'd sure like a chance to feel it.  You've heard of penis envy?
Well, I've got breast envy and vagina envy real bad.  I'd give everything I
own to have a body with the same equipment you've got between your legs and
on your chest...just for a day.  I'd give anything to be you."
 
 
 
	"You really mean that?"
 
 
 
	"More than I've ever meant anything."  Catherine  smiled at his answer.
 
 
 
	Bobby put on a pair of silver hoop earrings and a pearl necklace.  He
slipped a few ladies rings onto his fingers, then pulled a small, pink
plastic box from the suitcase on the bed.
 
 
 
	"These are the last touch," he began, putting on the long, polished press-
on nails.  "Mainly because it's really hard to get ready with them on."  He
finished applying them, then admired his frosted pink nails as a woman
would.  "What do you think?"
 
 
 
	"Lovely, dear," Catherine  began, speaking to him as if he really were a
girl.  She stripped out of her sweater and slacks, preparing to change her
clothes for the evening.
 
	
 
	"Talk to me and treat me like a girlfriend," Bobby asked, "and call me by
a girl's name.  I am a girl...okay?"
 
 
 
	"Great!" Catherine  said, loving this game.  She liked the idea of having
a part-time girlfriend in him.  "What do I call you?"
 
 
 
	"I don't know...I've always liked the name 'Christy,'' though.
 
 
 
	"Okay.  You're Christy, now, as far as I'm concerned.  And I mean that --
in every way.  Since Angela moved away, I could use a new best girlfriend."
Catherine unfastened her bra and tossed it onto the bed, leaving herself
nearly naked.
 
 
 
	"Deal."
 
 
 
	They walked out into the living room. Catherine walked out into the room
still bare-breasted, wearing only her panties and pantyhose and holding a
clean bra.  She really was treating Bobby as another woman.  Bobby realized
that he was perceiving Catherine through the eyes of a female, as well,
looking upon her nearly naked body with no sexual arousal whatsoever --
just as a woman should.
 
 
 
	Catherine pulled the bra over her enviable, bouncing breasts and fastened
its hooks.  "I was thinking maybe we could go to a restaurant," she said,
adjusting her bra straps.  "In fact, if we went to a bar, you'd be sure to
get picked up by some guy.  I'm not sure you wouldn't get hit on before I
do.  Feel up to a little romance?"
 
 
 
	"If I had a pussy, I'd say yes.  But, as I am, I don't know if that's a
good idea."
 
 
 
	Catherine dropped a black slip down over her attractive full-figured body.
Pulling on a dark blue dress she had previously laid over the back of the
couch, she then turned her back.  "Would you mind zipping me, Christy?"
she asked, holding her hair up out of the way.
 
 
 
	As Bobby stood behind her and closed the zipper, Catherine continued.
"I've got a little surprise planned for you."  Catherine turned around,
smiling widely.
 
 
 
	"Like what? "  Bobby asked.
 
 
 
	Catherine picked up her purse and withdrew a small, crystalline bottle.
It was beautiful, like faceted, cut crystal, with a stopper.  It appeared
to contain a pink liquid of some kind.  "How pretty," Bobby remarked.
 
 
 
	"Here," Catherine  said, pulling the stopper and holding the bottle toward
Bobby.  "Drink this."
 
 
 
	Bobby looked at the bottle.  "What?  What is it?"
 
 
 
	"Trust me...just drink it."  Bobby took it from her and put it to his
lips.  In one swallow, it was gone.  He handed the empty bottle back to
Catherine .
 
 
 
	"What was that?"
 
 
 
	"Something special...it will help you be more convincing.  Don't talk for
a couple of minutes.  It's giving you a woman's voice."
 
 
 
	Bobby looked at her.  A woman's voice?  How was that possible?
 
 
 
	"Okay...go ahead.  Say something," Catherine excitedly said.
 
 
 
	"Well..." Bobby began.
 
 
 
	He could not believe it.  The voice that emerged from his supple lips was
one of feminine music, the voice of a beautiful girl.  He smiled widely, as
did Catherine.
 
 
 
	Bobby was astounded.  "How does that stuff do this?" he asked in his new,
female voice.
 
 
 
	"I'm not sure, to be honest," Catherine  answered.  "But it sure works,
doesn't it?" she asked, laughing a little.  "I got it for you...from an
elderly friend of my grandmother's."
 
 
 
	"This is wonderful," Bobby said, loving the sound of himself.
 
 
 
	The doorbell rang.  "There's the other surprise I arranged for you," she
said, walking to the door.  Opening it, she greeted a powerful hunk of a
man, who was absolutely gorgeous.
 
 
 
	Catherine  began the introductions.  "Brick Foster, this is Christy.
She's a friend of mine from Florida who just moved here.  Christy, this is
Brick."
 
 
 
	"Hello," Bobby said.
 
 
 
	"Hi."
 
 
 
	"Christy's going to be living with me for a little while, until she gets
settled in," Catherine  told Brick.  "I've been showing her around, helping
her to get to know the area."
 
 
 
	"That's great.  I think you'll like it here," he said to Bobby, enjoying
the beauty of the apparent woman.  "Isn't Catherine  wonderful?"
 
 
 
	Bobby smiled, looking at his girl friend.  "She sure is..."
 
 
 
	As Brick sat down on the sofa, Catherine led her new 'girlfriend' into the
kitchen.
	 "You're going to stay a woman for a while," she quietly said to Bobby.
"Remember what I said?  For tonight, you're Christy...and I'm treating you
like her."
 
 
 
	"Okay if I use the phone? " Brick asked.
 
 
 
	"Sure," said Catherine.  "It's on the end table."  She whispered again to
Bobby.  "I promised you I'd give you an evening as a woman," Catherine said
quietly, leaning over. "I'm serious about this...there's no turning back."
Brick, hanging up the phone, walked up to Catherine .
 
 
 
	"I don't have to work tomorrow, I just found out.  I can stay late."
 
 
 
	"Great," Catherine  said, smiling.  "Christy's staying here, as I said, so
we can all really get to know each other."  She gestured toward Bobby.
"Can I see you in the bedroom for a second, Christy?"  Not knowing what to
expect, Bobby rose and followed her -- and Brick followed him with his
eyes.  He fleetingly pictured himself in bed with the apparent woman, but
decided to behave himself and suppressed the thought.
 
 
 
	In the bedroom, Catherine  closed the door.  "Listen," she said to her
friend, "the stuff you drank..."
 
 
 
	"In the little bottle?"
 
 
 
	"Yes.  That stuff has more punch than just changing your voice.  I hope
you really meant it about wanting to experience true womanhood.  You've
said it so many times..."
 
 
 
	"What do you mean?" Bobby asked, confused.
 
 
 
	"You'll see.  I'm going to go down to the washateria and leave you two
alone for a while."
 
 
 
	"You're leaving me with Brick?  What am I supposed to do?"
 
 
 
	"In a few minutes, you'll know what to do."  Catherine smiled knowingly.
"Tell me again what sex you want to be."
 
 
 
	"What?"
 
 
 
	"Just tell me...and mean it."
 
 
 
	"I want to be a woman.  You know that."
 
 
 
	Catherine kissed Bobby on the forehead.  "Congratulations, honey."  The
beautiful woman left.  Bobby sat on the bed weighing the situation, a
little confused.  What did Catherine mean?
 
 
 
*  *  *
 
 
 
	Twenty minutes later, Catherine returned with an empty basket to find the
living room empty as well.  There had, of course, never been any clothes of
hers at the washateria that day.  She looked out of the apartment window
and saw Brick's car in the parking lot below.  He had not left, she
realized, and she smiled.
 
 
 
	It worked, she thought, thrilled.
 
 
 
	As Catherine headed toward the bedroom, the sound of a squeaking bed and a
woman's voice filtered through the closed door, growing louder as she
approached.  She heard a wet, rhythmic slapping sound that was very
familiar.  Catherine listened, filled with the joy of knowing what was
happening beyond the door.
 
 
 
	"Ohhhh...harder..." the woman's voice continued.  "Yes!  Oh, yes,
Brick..."
 
 
 
	Catherine opened the door a little and peeked in.  She wanted to cry out
in delight, but held her joy in check.
 
	
 
	The boy Bobby had been was gone forever, and in his place, on hands and
knees, was a gorgeous girl being fucked from behind by Brick.  Her jiggling
breasts were very large and firm, with a youthful bounce that sexily
proclaimed her gender.  Her body had taken on an unmistakable female glow
and classically girlish curves, creating a figure that was the feminine
ideal.  She had soft, narrow shoulders and a shapely waist, which widened
into curvy hips and the grippable, rounded ass of a sexy girl.
 
 
 
	Bobby's skin was soft and smooth, and her long, silken legs shone as
slippery ribbons of lamplight slid along them.  Her gently-curling hair was
long, shiny, full, and a platinum blonde in color.  Bobby's face was sheer
beauty personified, much prettier and more feminine than before, even
though it had already been quite attractive.
 
 
 
	Brick was wildly pumping Bobby, forcefully sliding in and out of her tight
wetness as she hungrily held her ass high in the air for him.  Bobby's hot,
lubricated pussy was getting an orgiastic trial by fire, taking the man's
entire eight inches as the thick, engorged penis pounded deeper and deeper
into her.  The sloppy sound of his rod sliding in and out of her dripping
wetness filled the room.
 
 
 
	Naked except for Catherine's red high-heels, Bobby had taken position on
her hands and knees at the foot of the bed with her smooth, rounded
buttocks hanging well out over the edge.  Brick was rhythmically impaling
the new woman on his huge, rigid penis, forcefully bouncing her sweat-
glossed ass against his groin as he tightly gripped the sides of Bobby's
waist and violently drove her back onto his hot cock.
 
 
 
	Theirs was heated, purely lustful animal sex, boy-fucking-girl like there
was no tomorrow -- and Bobby felt alive.
 
 
 
	The tube of K-Y jelly that Catherine kept in the drawer of her bedside
table was open and on the bed. "Pump me harder!" Bobby cried out, so horny
that her voice sounded almost frantic.  "Fill me with your cock..."  Her
soft, immense breasts jiggled wildly as they hung freely and fleshily from
her chest, bumping erotically against her arms and each other.  Her hard,
erect nipples tickled against the bedspread.  The loud, sharp slap of
Brick's sweaty thighs impacting her slick, shiny ass was erotic.
 
 
 
	Bobby spoke with an insatiable woman's lust.  "Yes, Brick!  Harder...oh,
fuck me harder...faster...ohhhhhh..."
 
 
 
	"Yeah, baby..." Brick said in a low moan, conquering the woman.  "You're
mine, now...a bitch like you needs a good fucking...just like Catherine
always does..."
 
 
 
	"Oooooh, yes...I need it, just like her..." Bobby moaned.  "That's
Catherine's pussy your dick is in...fuck it the way you always do!  Make me
feel what she feels!"  Her voice wavered with each impact of his hips.
"I'm Catherine!  Fuck me!  Fuck me!!!"
 
 
 
	And then, it happened.
 
 
 
	"Oh, Catherine," he said, "I love fucking your hot pussy...squeeze my cock
with your hot pussy!  I want to come inside you.  Tell me how much you like
it, Catherine, tell me..."
 
 
 
	"  Harder, Brick...faster..."   Dropping her head, looking back between
her dancing breasts and between her legs, Bobby saw an upside down view of
the base of his huge cock and his hairy balls as he mercilessly pounded her
pussy.  It was the one thing she had longed for a lifetime to see, and the
sight of a man sexually pumping his reproductive rod into her was
overwhelmingly intoxicating.
 
 
 
	"Oh, yes...!" she screamed out in the passion of female heat, watching the
veined purple shaft of his stiff, slippery penis forcefully disappear into
her then partially pull out, over and over.
 
 
 
	"Oh, baby...your pussy is so good..."
 
 
 
	"Oh, Brick...ram it into me..." Bobby continued.  "Make me come...yes,
baby...make me come all over you."  He fucked her even harder and faster,
holding the woman sexually captive around his cock.
 
 
 
	Bobby looked down at her hands as her body was pounded forward with each
forceful thrust of the man behind her.  Odd, she thought, noticing a tiny
heart-shaped birthmark on her left wrist.  It's just like Catherine's --
 
 
 
	She looked up into the mirror that stretched across the headboard.  She
saw the man behind her, his face contorted with sexual intensity as he
continued his merciless thrusting.  Then she saw her own face.
 
 
 
	It was Catherine's.
 
 
 
	Confusion gripped Bobby, but that confusion was abruptly shoved aside by
the sudden fire of her orgasm.  Every female nerve in Bobby's body was
screaming in passion.  "Ohhhhh...yes!  Come inside me...I want to feel you
coming inside me..."  The lovers were breathing heavily and erratically,
and their climaxes were hitting hot and hard.
"I...I...think...I'm...coming...!" Bobby moaned, barely able to voice the
words.  She pushed her soft ass hard into Brick's crotch, grinding her
pussy into his pubic hair as his cock made one last, deep plunge into her.
 
 
 
	Locked together penis-in-pussy, their faces became contorted and they came
-- and Bobby's hot, vaginal juices bathed the man's throbbing cock even as
it once more exploded with its load of steaming semen.  Eyes closed in
ecstasy, their genital muscles spasmed uncontrollably as they lived their
orgasms, and Bobby pushed with her abdominal muscles as if she were giving
birth.  Bobby's hot, gushing come, mixing with Brick's steaming semen,
began to run down the man's inner thighs as the lovers became one.
 
 
 
	He weakly pumped a few more times, then came to a stop.  They were
exhausted and felt like little more than sexually-fulfilled jello.  Brick
dropped onto Bobby as she fell to her stomach on the bed, his penis still
inside her.  Laying atop the woman's back, the man kissed the back and
sides of her neck, then rose and pulled out of her vagina.  As  Brick
dressed, Bobby laid there smiling with warm semen inside her -- blissfully
adrift on clouds of womanhood.  She could still feel his cock, as if it,
too, were still inside her.  Brick kissed her gently on the cheek and
headed toward the door.
 
 
 
	"That was great, baby," he said, pausing to comb his hair in the dresser
mirror.  "Better than last night. You're special, Laurie...really special."
He noticed the clock.  " Hey, I'm late for work.  I'll call you tonight,
while I'm on break."  He kissed her again, then went into the hall.  After
a moment, Bobby heard the front door close as the man left.
 
 
 
	She sat up.  Squeezing her huge breasts between her upper arms as she
looked down upon them, she smiled.  The thrill of her feminine flesh filled
her throat so hard she could not speak.  Bobby sat on the edge of the bed,
still loving her breasts, and spread her thighs wide.
 
 
 
	The sight of her glorious, long-awaited vagina overwhelmed her.
 
 
 
	"Oh, it's so...ooooooooh!"  she said, reaching down and touching her new
vaginal lips.  Tears of joy filled her eyes as she lightly rubbed her
glorious clitoris.  Having him inside me was wonderful...I felt so alive!
She knew that she was pure woman, far more female than any sex-change
surgery could have made her.  She would know having a period each month
and, if she desired, she would know having a baby.
 
 
 
	Then, she remembered.
 
 
 
	Bobby rose and went to the room's full-length mirror.  There, just as she
had in the headboard mirror, she found Catherine's reflection.
"Catherine's potion turned me into her twin sister!"  she said, happy to be
every bit as beautiful as her friend.
 
	
 
	The still-naked Bobby, intoxicated by her womanhood, slid open one of
Catherine's dresser drawers and found a sheer red teddy that was
Catherine's favorite and most seductive piece of lingerie.  She slipped it
on, loving the feel of the cool, delicate fabric as it slid down her arms
and body.  Its sensuous, gossamer sheerness hung tantalizingly and softly
from her tits.  It, of course, hid nothing, and Bobby's immense breasts,
hard nipples, rounded ass and still-tingling pussy remained plainly
visible.  Bobby took a seat at Catherine's vanity and picked up a Loreal
lipstick that was a dark, lustful red.  It was the color Catherine always
used while wearing that teddy, for it perfectly matched the slinky nightie.
She glided the color thickly onto her soft lips, loving its fragrance and
shine.  Then, after recapping the tube, she smiled her radiant, woman's
smile and enjoyed the seductive gloss of the heavy coat of lipstick she now
wore.
 
 
 
	Bobby slipped back into the shoes she had worn during her sexual
initiation and was delighted that her feet had diminished to the size of
Catherine's, for the fit was perfect.  She stood and looked once more into
the full-length mirror, and her heart leapt at the sight of the gorgeous
seductress she had become.
 
 
 
	"Mmmmm," she lustfully and playfully moaned, looking upon her feminine
visage with ultimate satisfaction.  She spoke to an imaginary man at an
imaginary bar.  "Hi...my name is Catherine, and I want you to fuck me!"
Her pussy ruled her every thought.  She wanted to seduce men, all men.
 
 
 
	Atop the dresser, she saw a framed picture of Catherine wearing a nurse's
uniform.  What was odd was that Bobby found herself remembering having had
that picture taken.
 
 
 
	And Bobby finally realized something.  She could remember things that she
had never done and people she had never known.  In addition to her own
memories, she had acquired Catherine's.
 
 
 
	"That's impossible..." Bobby whispered, confused.  As she looked closer at
the dresser top, things made no sense.
 
 
 
	A nurse's ID tag, one with
	Catherine's picture on it, laid next to a purse and some car keys.  As she
picked up the tag and looked at it more closely, the pieces suddenly came
together.
 
 
 
	She had not merely become Catherine's twin.  She had become Catherine.
She had taken Catherine's place and was living her life.
 
 
 
	What the -- how -- ?   Her mind fought to understand.
 
 
 
	She walked out into the kitchen area.  "Catherine?" she vainly called,
knowing there would be no answer.  She heard Catherine's voice, all right,
but it was coming from her own lips.
 
 
 
	Just as the potion had allowed Bobby to speak his own womanhood into
existence, it had, during sex a few minutes later, allowed him to become
Catherine simply by saying -- and meaning -- that he wanted to be her.
Bobby was Catherine now, and for all the world knew she always had been.
Bobby no longer existed.
 
 
 
	"Catherine?" she screamed out, panicked.  "Catherine!  Where are you?"
She sat on the sofa in numb silence.  "It...it can't be...!"
 
 
 
	The woman tore through the house.  In old scrapbooks, in high school
annuals, in family pictures, everywhere -- she saw herself there, living
Catherine's life and remembering it all.
 
 
 
	She tried to reverse what she had done.  "I want Catherine to come back!"
she yelled desperately into the air.  "And I want to be the girl I was just
before I asked to be Catherine!"
 
 
 
	She walked slowly and hopefully into the bathroom and fearfully looked
into the mirror.  She was still Catherine.
 
 
 
	She would remain so for the rest of her life.
 
 
 
	Only after several days of life in that body did 'Catherine' finally
accept what had happened.  She settled into the mindset of being Catherine
and decided to get on with her life.  There was little else she could do.
 
 
 
	Time passed.  The new Catherine quit her nursing job, simply because she
wasn't cut out for medical work.  Then, after spending weeks alone in her
apartment, she realized just how much she hated being by herself.  She
needed the security of knowing someone else would always be there for her.
She wanted a relationship -- a loving, sexual relationship with a man.
 
 
 
	She knew where to find that man.
 
 
 
	The next afternoon, dressed in a shiny red blouse and a sexy, black
leather blazer and short skirt, Catherine knocked on the door of an
apartment a few miles away.  It belonged to the old Catherine's ex-
boyfriend, a nice guy who was still single and had little resistance when
it came to saying 'no' to beautiful women.
 
 
 
	"Hi, Wyatt," she said in a soft, vulnerable voice as he answered.  "Can I
come in?  I need to see you."
 
 
 
	"Uh...sure," he answered, surprised beyond words to see her on his
doorstep.  He opened the door wider and invited her in.  Her black four-
inch heels clicked on the smooth, linoleum floor of the entry way as she
walked in and set her purse down on a table.  "I know this is going to be
hard for you to believe, but I've grown up a lot since...well, you know."
Catherine walked up to him, her face near his.  "I was wrong and stupid..."
She walked up and kissed him deeply, caressing his teeth, tongue, and
palette with her tongue.  "I've...I've changed, Wyatt."
 
 
 
	Catherine had broken up with him almost ten years earlier.  Wyatt, despite
several fleeting relationships since, had always carried a torch for her.
Bobby had, since high school, been close friends with Wyatt, and he knew
his friend had always been good to the girl.  Bobby knew them both at the
time of the split, and he had always thought Catherine had made a big
mistake in 'seeking herself' and breaking it off with Wyatt.  Now that
Bobby saw the world through a woman's eyes, she saw Wyatt through them,
too.  And she had fallen in love.
 
 
 
	The old Catherine's mistake was one that the new Catherine was about to
undo.
 
 
 
	"I finally realized just how much I love you," Catherine said, her eyes
sparkling with desire for him.  "Please...take me back?" she pleaded.
 
 
 
	"If I thought for a moment that you really wanted to..."
 
 
 
	"Wyatt...I do.  Please..."  Wyatt thought hard about it.
 
 
 
	Within minutes, they were naked on his bed and Catherine was spreading her
silken legs invitingly.  Wyatt gladly took position over her, and she loved
having the weight of the man atop her as he drove his manhood into her
warm, female depths.  Wyatt pumped hard and fast into her hot, wet vagina,
kissing her deeply as he did so.  His hips moved madly, burying his cock
deeper into her with each primal thrust.
 
 
 
	Wyatt would never know that the woman he was mercilessly fucking was not
his old girl but was someone else he had known well  -- as a male friend.
As he pumped away into her, it struck the woman as ironic that back in high
school, during the time the other Catherine was dating Wyatt, the girl had
once tried to get Bobby to fuck her while they were alone together in
Wyatt's car.  Bobby had said no, then.
 
 
 
	I've known you for fifteen years, Catherine thought, and you never knew I
was a crossdresser!  I fantasized then about being a woman -- about being
your Catherine -- about having sex with you as Catherine!  I could never
have dreamed that I'd be Catherine one day -- and that we'd be making love
-- and that I'd be so in love with you.
 
 
 
	Catherine smiled at the thought.  As she encouraged Wyatt by moaning and
stroking his back, he continued pumping her, thanking his lucky stars that
this woman had come back to him.
 
 
 
	"Is it....the same as....you remember?" she asked, her speech rocked by
each impact of his pelvis against hers.
 
 
 
	"No..." Wyatt answered.  "Better."
 
 
 
	"Used to be....we could go....all night," Catherine answered, stroking his
back with her long nails.  "I don't know how....I've
lived....without....having your cock....in me....."  She looked into his
eyes seductively, her eyes sparkling with pure feminine intensity.  "You
sure I'm....better....than before?"
 
 
 
	Wyatt smiled at the question.  "Ohhh, yeah..." he answered, eyes closed in
ecstasy.  "Much...better."
 
 
 
	"Good," Catherine moaned in satisfaction.  "And you're...the best...I've
ever had..." she said in a low, breathy voice that made his cock grow even
harder.  A sudden spasm of pleasure gripped her vaginal muscles.  "It feels
so...good...it's so big...fuck me 'till I come..."  Her sexy lips with
their heavy, shiny coat of frosted, deep red lipstick erotically formed the
words as he watched.  "Fuck me...fuck me, Wyatt..."
 
 
 
	Her soft flesh felt good beneath him as he pinned the woman to the bed --
her pussy was hot and tight around his driving erection.  As Catherine
strained to lock her vaginal muscles around his cock even tighter, she
reached around and stroked his back lightly with her long, polished, glossy
red nails as he pumped her.  Their bodies grew damp with hot sweat, and
their slippery flesh slid man-on-woman as he kept on fucking, fucking,
fucking --
 
 
 
	Wyatt propped himself up on his straightened arms, elbows locked, to
increase his pelvic thrust leverage.  Catherine pulled her knees way up in
order to help him drive as deeply into her as possible.  Squeezing her huge
tits between her upper arms, she ran her fingers through his dense chest
hair.  He looked down into her deep, gorgeous eyes.
 
 
 
	"Don't stop, Wyatt..." Catherine moaned.  "Your cock feels so good so deep
in my pussy..."  She then grabbed and squeezed her enormous breasts with
both hands as his penetration deepened; her nipples had grown long and
hard, and she pulled them up to her lips and began to suck and gently bite
them.  Her lipstick stained her nipples.
 
 
 
	Catherine's shiny, black high-heels danced in the air as his pounding
rocked her body.  She spread her bent legs even wider, so wide that they
laid back nearly flat against the bed on either side.  The bed squeaked
loudly with the violence of their passion, telling those in the neighboring
apartments of the sexual fury taking place behind the walls.
 
 
 
	"Come inside me!" Catherine screamed out, not caring who might hear.
"Don't stop until you come inside me!"
 
 
 
	He felt his orgasm building and knew he was reaching the point of no
return.  "I...I should...pull out..."
 
 
 
	"No!" she cried, wrapping her glassy-smooth legs tightly around his
buttocks and holding him inside her.  As he tried to pull out, she
tightened her legs around him and kept him from pulling his hips back far
enough for his penis to leave her vagina.
 
 
 
	Wyatt began to lose his rhythm as his orgasm swelled.  "I'm going...to
come..." he cried out, trying in vain to pull his penis free of her pussy.
"Let me out!  Let me..."
 
 
 
	It was too late.  The intensity peaked, and as the fiery pleasure overtook
him he stopped trying to pull out and instinctively drove his penis as
deeply as possible, burying its spurting head into her.
 
 
 
	"Oooooh, yes, baby...that's right..." Catherine said, smiling in victory,
feeling his cock pulsing inside her.  The hot, hard penis took over control
of Wyatt's body, overriding his intellect and flooding the woman with his
warm semen.  "Mama loves feeling you there...come, baby...that's right..."
Catherine once more felt a man deposit his hot, sexual seed into her hungry
vagina, and she smiled anew.
 
 
 
	"Ooooooh, yes," she whispered as Wyatt weakly pumped his last.  "That's
right, honey...yes...that's right..."
 
 
 
	Wyatt's senses slowly returned.  "I...I came inside you..."
 
 
 
	"Did you ever come inside anyone else?" she asked, lovingly stroking his
back and hairy buttocks.
 
 
 
	"Never..." Wyatt managed to answer, struggling for breath.  "You're...the
first..."
 
 
 
	His cock shrank quickly, and Catherine unwrapped her legs from around him.
Exhausted, Wyatt pulled out of her and rolled onto his side.  He caressed
Catherine's breasts as she played with his slippery, expended penis.
 
 
 
	"I...I hope you're on the pill," Wyatt said, realizing that he might well
have just gotten the girl pregnant.
 
 
 
	"Don't worry," Catherine said, kissing him fully and passionately in the
lips.  "I'm your girl...I want you to own me...love me..."   He spoke to
her, softly and gently, love in his voice.
 
 
 
	"I do love you...I always have.  I don't know why...but the moment I saw
you tonight, I felt like we'd never been apart."
 
 
 
	"Maybe we're soulmates," Catherine said.
 
 
 
	Their love for each other quickly grew passionate -- as passionate as
their sexual relationship, which they enjoyed often.  Never had the man or
the woman felt more happy and satisfied with life.  Catherine moved in with
him, and they began to share their lives.
 
 
 
	Two months later, one Saturday morning, as they lay naked together in
Wyatt's bed, Catherine's soft warmth snuggled against him.  He stroked her
silken hair and gazed into her eyes.  She whispered to him, her voice like
sweet music.
 
 
 
	"Wyatt...I'm pregnant."
 
 
 
	The words caught him by surprise.  "Are you sure?"  She nodded happily.
 
 
 
	"It's your baby, Daddy..." she said, gently caressing her stomach.  "I
know I'm not showing yet, but our baby is already two months along."  Wyatt
laughed out loud in joyous celebration, then leaned over and kissed
Catherine long and lovingly.  He once more caressed her long, light blonde
hair.
 
 
 
	"Marry me," he said.
 
 
 
	"What?"
 
 
 
	"Today.  Marry me.  We'll find a justice of the peace somewhere and get
married before sunset...and go to the Parkston Hotel for our honeymoon."
 
 
 
	Catherine needed little time to think his proposal over.  She smiled in
delight, caressing his face in her soft, woman's hands.  "Yes, Wyatt.  I
will marry you."  He kissed her deeply once more, their lives forever
intertwined.
 
 
 
	Before nightfall, they were man and wife, and Catherine was happier than
she ever had been.  Within three years, she had borne him three children,
and she cherished her life as a wife and mother.
 
 
 
	Wyatt watched her proudly as she sat in the light of the fireplace,
nursing her newborn child.  As the baby suckled her breast, Catherine felt
content and wonderfully complete.  The woman had all but forgotten her life
as a male crossdresser, for the existence she now knew was glorious beyond
any she could ever have known as a man.  She was a happy wife, married to
the perfect husband, and their life together was one of joy and
fulfillment.  They remained happily together for the rest of their lives.
