                            CATHY.TXT

    I  hope  the board doesn't edit this message which is directed  to  the
    lady who's been turning me on through the E-mail.   Hope this turns you
    on and makes you hot like no other.  Enjoy babe...........


    ............and  a  few years ago I was employed as a  technical  sales
    manager  (not bad eh?  bit of an ego trip) company in Toronto with  its
    head office here in Chicago.  As part of my job I used to make quite  a
    few telephone calls  to the local area sales rep to keep abreast of new
    developments and alike.   This meant that I became quite familiar  with
    the switchboard operator and started to spend a few minutes during each
    call  just chatting with her.   I wasn't long before she and  I  became
    good friends.

    One day when we were engaged in one of our brief chats,  by the way her
    name was Cathy,   I in jest suggested that we should go out for  dinner
    one night.   Some background information is in order here.   I was mar-
    ried  at the time and that marriage was on the proverbial rocks,  hence
    the  reason  why I made the suggestion first of all and why it  was  in
    jest. I also saw her a few times during my business visits.  An English
    lass of 5'2,  long wavy brown hair, soft round brown eyes with a figure
    resembling an hour glass.  She accepted.  Now, for those of us who have
    had  an affair of the heart for the first (and in some cases the  last)
    time  while married,  stating that I suffered a mild cardiac arrest  is
    understood to be an understatement.  It only took a few seconds, at the
    time it seemed like hours,  to say, "Great! I'll pick you up at work at
    five  and  we'll have a `get to know you'  dinner at Pier  4".  "Sounds
    terrific, Fred.  See you then." (So she said with a glee in her voice)

    I  put  down the receiver in an emotional state to turmoil.   I  was  a
    married man.   How could I do this to my wife?  I made that promise  on
    the alter. You know the one, "... till death do you part..."? Hell, I'm
    not going to have an affair with the woman.   This is a platonic dinner
    date.   Two people who find each other's company  entertaining.   We're
    talking friends here.   We're talking about the 21st century where  men
    and  women are equals - where it is fashionable to carry on a  platonic
    relation  with  members  of  the opposite  sex  without  having  to  be
    compelled to make an advance.  Shit! I wanted to tackle her.

    Lets face facts here, Romeo.  Nothing is going to happen.  You going to
    have a great time,  drive her home, and tell your wife you had a boring
    business dinner with a client.   Why can't I tell her that I had dinner
    with  a friend.   What kind of friend?   A platonic female  friend.   A
    platonic female friend my ass!  A boring business dinner with a client.
    My hands are sweaty.   My chest is tight, tighter with each breath.   I
    can't  think  about  the  work at hand.   Yep,  this  is  definitely  a
    situation.

    It  wasn't too long before I found myself behind the steering wheel  of
    my  car making my way through the afternoon rush hour like a love  sick
    salmon  swimming his heart out against whitewater.   On the way over  I
    checked  my breath by blowing into my hand set flat up against my  nose
    while signaling for a lane change.   Why do people do that?   You can't
    smell  a  thing.   You have to be dead and decaying for  several  weeks
    before  you'll smell anything.   I took a mint just in case.   My  fin-
    gernails seemed dirty.   Ok, what do I use?  Using my other fingernails
    seems to defeat the purpose.   They put everything in these cars except
    nail clips. A business card, that's the thing.  If I fold it in half it
    should do it.  How should I behave?  Acting as if this were a real date
    may  not  be in good taste.   What if Cathy assumes this to be  just  a
    night out with a friend..   It would hurt her feelings if I came on  to
    her.  Believe it or not, I really wouldn't want to hurt her feels.  All
    else put aside,  I very much like her as a friend.   Shit!   That was a
    red light I went through!!

    Ok,  I'll act cool.  The man of the world.  I'm going to act as if I've
    taken  a number of women out on a friendly dinner date and this was  no
    different.   I  park the car outside the office.   I'm  going  to  make
    George  Burns look like Woody Allen.   I step out of the  car  sharply.
    I'm  going to make Fred Astaire look like Bob Hope.   I trip  over  the
    curb.

    Ok, so much for acting cool.

    I  walk  into  the office and there's Cathy sitting at her  desk  in  a
    beautiful  blue  floral printed gown with blue high heel shoes  (I'm  a
    sucker for high heel shoes) and no stockings.  hheellp!   As it  turned
    out,  she left work early to change and came back to the office.   This
    is  more  or  less the same as putting up a bill  board  advertising  a
    Jamaica  vacation in Mount Hope Cemetery.   Someone's bound to  notice.
    "Where  are  you  taking Cathy?",  says the office staff,  "Out  for  a
    friendly platonic dinner date.", says the love sick salmon.

    We're in the car, we're on the Gardiner heading downtown.  I can't keep
    my eyes off her legs.  The gown has a slip up the left side and most of
    her soft,  cool,  delicious left leg is exposed.   And her perfume!!  A
    musk  but  I  can't make it out.  It seems to  have  soft  silky  hands
    cupping  my head wanting to draw it towards her.   I don't  know  about
    you,  but the sight of bare feet in high heels, where the veins pop out
    a bit and the sole of the feet are slightly perspired - deadly.

    Ok, I'm cool.

    My heart beat is up. My chest is tight again. and what's worse, my best
    friend  is getting hard and we're just about there.   A bulge  in  ones
    pants in a public place is a no no in any language.   Quick,  think  of
    something nasty.  Think of something that's a sure turn-off.   Think of
    my  witch,  err  wife catching me.  Think of the hell I  have  to  pay.
    "Whats that Cathy?  Well,  no. To tell the truth, I didn't have time to
    tell my wife I wouldn't be home after work.    But it's OK,  she's used
    to my last minute business dinners....or dinner with friends." Liar.

    We  got to the pier in fine order and made our way into the  restaurant
    were  we  were  quickly lead to our table.   As we were  going  up  the
    stairs,  I  was  behind  Cathy and I couldn't  keep  my  eyes  off  her
    beautiful  buns.   She had a way with her hip as she climb  the  stairs
    that would sway her buns in the most erotic fashion. My best friend was
    waking up and we didn't get to the table none too soon.

    The Pier 4,  at that time,  was the greatest place as far as atmosphere
    is  concerned.   And this late summer evening with the table next to  a
    window overlooking the harbor as the last of the sailboats make it into
    their  sheltered moorings was no exception. It was perfect and  so  was
    the meal, the conversation and the lady sitting in front of me.  By the
    end of the meal,  I knew all there was about her and she knew all there
    was about me.  We had become good friends. With the added bonus that we
    had the hots for each other.

    We had finished our after meal liquors and coffee and decided to go for
    a  stroll  along  the harbor front.  It had  become  a  beautiful  warm
    evening and the stars and moon came out.   I was walking along side  of
    her  with  my arm around her soft waist when we stopped for  a  moment,
    looked over the harbor, looked at each other's eyes, moved towards each
    other, embraced and kissed which in the immortal words of Johnny Carson
    when interviewing Arnold Palmer's wife said, "...that must have put his
    putter on end!"  And it certainly did.

    That  broke the ice.   I was hot for her and she was  hot for me.   The
    question was where.  So I said, "I'd like to go home with you tonight".
    And she said,  "I don't know".  I don't know!!!  We're about as hot for
    each  other like Cleo and Anthony and she says,  "I don't  know".   She
    wants to play cat and mouse.   She wants to play hard to get.  I wasn't
    having  any of this.   I took her into my arms and planted a kiss  that
    would have made Johnny Appleseed proud.  She said,  "Take me back to my
    car and follow me home." And that I did.

    Never in my life will I understand time.   You're late for work and  it
    seems that the watch has the case of montazuma's revenge.   You want to
    get into that woman whose leading the way to the garden of lust and the
    watch now seems to have constipation.

    We  reach the house she shares with two other people.   Never mind  the
    description of the house,  I'm horny enough as it is and didn't pay any
    notice.   We got to her room and again planted another Johnny Appleseed
    kiss.   Ok, my heart beats up to 140, my fingers tingle and my legs are
    shaking  with a shiver that runs up my back every few seconds.    I  AM
    HOT !  And the way she's ripping off her clothes, she is too.

    I can smell her sex now and it makes me dizzy. Our kisses never stop as
    we  climb into bed and start to fondle.   My hands are roaming  up  and
    down her soft silky skin as my lips break away from our kiss and  makes
    its way to one of those beautiful quivering tits beneath me.  As I lick
    and  tease  her tit,  her hands slowly winds its way down my  body  and
    grabs  hold  of my cock.   It is hard as a rock as she rubs it  and  my
    balls.   I can smell her skin as I suck her nipple.   It isn't the musk
    perfume  anymore  but her natural scent that's making  my  head  dizzy.
    This is the moment when all time seems to stand still, when your senses
    are most alive and when you are most content along with a terrific urge
    to  impregnate  the woman with humanity's seed that is as old  as  time
    itself.  This is the moment when no one exists except the woman you are
    making  passionate love with and your self.   Finally,  there  is  this
    tremendous  need  to  satisfy her and you'll do  anything  you  can  to
    achieve  that  end.   This is definitely a moment when you  don't  want
    Mudshark to bud in with one of his enlightening lectures.

    I  moved  up to her sensuous face, kissed her once again and  told  her
    that  I was going to eat her.  And as I slid down her luscious  body  a
    moan  escaped her throat in anticipation.   I first reached  her  pubic
    hairs that were heavenly scented with her sex.   I pull on them  gently
    with  my  lips  before I continued my journey  further  down.   When  I
    reached  her lips,  I gently kissed them and then parted them  with  my
    fingers  to expose her sex.  By now she was gushing with moisture as  I
    lovingly  applied my tongue to her inner lips and licked  their  length
    over and over.

    I was between Cathy's legs with my hands holding her hips as she placed
    her  legs over my shoulders with her feet locked behind my back.   With
    every second or third stroke of my tongue,  Cathy would arc her back to
    one side or the other and give out a low moan which grew in  intensity.
    Her  arms,  which were at first were above her head holding on  to  the
    headboard,  later moved down to her nipples which she  pinched  between
    her forefingers and thumbs.

    My mind was dizzy and the inside of my ears were pounding as I continue
    to  pay attention to her needs.  My fingers again assisted  by  pulling
    the  flash away from her bud and move my tongue to pay homage  to   it.
    Ever  so lightly the tip of my tongue would touch her engorged bud  and
    then slowly circle it.  Coming to rest with the flat of my tongue  over
    her  sex and then gently suck her bud into my mouth where it  would  be
    gently lashed with my tongue once again.

    Cathy exploded with an orgasm which, quite frankly, frightened me a bit
    but  also  filled  me with satisfaction that I  had  pleased  her.  And
    pleased  her  I  did because soon after she pulled me  up  beside  her,
    rolled  me on to my back and went down on me as no woman has ever  gone
    down on me before.

    She  took my balls into her palms and gentle rolled them as  her  mouth
    slid  up and down my shaft at a terrific rate only to stop for a  short
    period to apply suction.

    She  stopped all at once and got on all fours begging me to first  fuck
    her cunt and then her ass.  I was passed the state of consciousness and
    lustfully  attacked  her cunt with my cock.  It was position  over  her
    entrance  and slowly pushed in.   Another series of low  animal  groans
    left Cathy's throat as my member was continuously pushed in and  pulled
    out, alternating angles of attack and speed of penetration.

    The sight of her ass quivering as my cock rammed into her body acceler-
    ated me to a higher plateau of lust.  I inserted my thumb into her anus
    to prepare it for the girth of my cock.   My cock was withdrawn and the
    head  placed  on her opening after which I started  to  apply  pressure
    while gently rubbing her bud.  There was resistance at first but slowly
    it  started  to enter the forbidden internals of her body.   Cathy,  at
    first indicated pain in her moans but as soon as her anus opened up and
    relaxed to allow my cock to enter the rest of the way freely, her moans
    once again changed to that of animal lust.

    Her  anus kept a steady pressure on my cock with  each thrust  I  made.
    Again Cathy erupted into a multiple series of orgasms which was shortly
    followed with my final thrust and explosion,  thereafter followed  with
    mutual collapse and exhaustion.

    A few hours later I made it back to my car, turned around and looked at
    the  bedroom  window that just a little while ago was  witness  to  our
    sins. Hell, if it weren't for us sinners, where would religion be?

    Well, I hope you liked this story my lady and friends.  It is true,  it
    did happen.   In a way I still miss that girl.  She was special but  we
    didn't hit it off.  Don't worry about my present wife.   She and I have
    a system.

