Oh, Those Catholic Girls! 
			 (EDITED BY SLEAZY LIZ)

Located in the gently rolling hills of south-central Pennsylvania,
The Saint Mary-Teresa of the Tiny White Roses Roman Catholic
Preparatory School for Girls (SMTTWRRCPSG, for short!) provides the
very best Catholic high school education to only the very best
daughters of the very best Catholic families on the East Coast. The
rural setting provides an ideal environment in which to learn -- quiet,
isolated, no distractions, and beautiful -- but for the girls, it is
almost fatally boring.

On a warm Spring day, three sophomore girls were attempting to get
a start their summer tans beside the swimming pool. The school
was practically deserted, with all of the other girls either home or on
trips for Spring Break. For one reason or another, these three girls
were staying at school, feeling deprived, abandoned, and ignored by
their parents. And they were more than a little miffed about it.

All three had suffered the blazing "SINNER!!" looks from the nuns
and were clad in bikinis which didn't leave much to the
imagination. The good Sisters decided not to make an issue of the swim
suits, knowing the girls were already depressed, being left at school,
and, more important, was the fact that there wasn't a man within
fifteen miles of the campus.

The girls all had figures that were worth showing off -- and knew
it. They all possessed well formed breasts, flat tummies, slender
waists and shapely legs. Mary Alice and Elizabeth were slightly taller
than the average 15 year old girl, standing about 5'7" -- and Kathleen
was shorter at 5'3".

They were relaxing around the heated pool, complaining about all
the fun they were missing, how mad they were at their parents for
the way their break was ruined, and how many boys they would be
screwing if they were out of school.

Suddenly, a distant clang of metal interrupted their sunbathing.
They all looked up into the sun, toward the trees where the sound
came from.

"Hey, what's going on up there?" asked Mary Alice.

"Beats me," answered Elizabeth.

"Looks like they're working on that tower, up there," offered
Kathleen.

"Damn! I sure wouldn't want to do that," said Mary Alice, now
seeing the small outlines of two men, halfway up the tower.

"That blonde one looks kinda cute," giggled Elizabeth. "At least,
from here, he looks like he has nice buns."

"Well, I'll take the brown-haired one, then, if you don't want
him," said Mary Alice.

Kathleen laughed at both of her friends, "They're so far away,
they could look like butt-faces. But, I forgot, that wouldn't
matter to you two roundheels, would it?"

It was understandable that the girls were interested in these
men. They hadn't been close to a man (other than Old Harold, the
janitor) in over a month, and these two guys were close enough to see
that they had obviously been working outdoors, on the steel "TV" towers
for years, and had hard, tan bodies to show for their efforts. Their
physiques were especially noticeable that day, even at that distance,
because they were wearing only cut-off shorts, socks and work boots.

"You two always go for the body builder type, and I don't see
why. When you get in bed with them, it's one-two-screw, and they
are all done. They never give you a chance to get off and they'd
rather look at themselves naked instead of you naked," objected
Kathleen.

"What an expert on men! And from a virgin! Or, is that the voice
of experience, Kathy? Well, maybe that one might be more suited
to your tastes," said Elizabeth.

"Which one? And I'm NOT a virgin! I'm just not a slut, like
you," laughed Kathleen.

"Don't you see? At the bottom of the tower, the skinny one coming
out of that little building."

"Oh, yes, I see him, now. But, they are too far away to get a
good look at them," said Kathleen.

"Well, I admit I'M a slut, and I'd love to be doing something to
prove it, right now. Instead, here we are, surrounded by nuns!
Come on, let's just forget about those men and go for a swim," said
Mary Alice, getting on the high board. She executed a somersault into
the water, and the other girls soon joined her, splashing and laughing
in the water.

Up the hill, at the tower site, Rob, the chief engineer of the
UHF/TV station stepped out of the transmitter building. He was
carrying a transit. He set it up to look at the antenna, to make sure
it was level on the tower. While adjusting it into position, he caught
sight of the young girls in the swimming pool. However, from his
position, he could only see them when they were on the high board.

"What the hell are you looking at?" yelled Skip from up on the
tower.

"Just checking out the scenery!" yelled Rob.

Skip and Bill looked where the transit was pointing and saw the
aqua-blue pool, sparkling in the sunlight. From their angle, they
could see most of the pool, and the three girls, but they were too far
away to see any details. They both climbed down the tower, hoping the
girls would still be there by the time they got to the bottom. Upon
reaching the ground, they ran for the transit.

Rob laughed and said, "OK, guys, they're taking turns diving, so
there's plenty of time for both of you to see."

"Oh, look at those titties!" exclaimed Skip.

"Let me see!" demanded Bill, crowding over to peer through the
instrument. "Shit! She's gone...no wait...here comes another
one...must be her sister, she's really stacked, too. Say, they look
pretty young!"

"They look old enough for what I'm thinking about!" sneered Rob.
He had retrieved binoculars from the truck and was locked onto the
diving board. The antenna project was forgotten as the three horny men
took turns looking at the girls by the pool.

At the pool, Mary Alice was about to dive, when she happened to
look in the direction of the tower and noticed that there were no
workmen on it, anymore. After another look, she could see that they
were all crowded around something that looked like a short telescope --
and it looked like it was pointing right at her!

"Well, of all the nerve!" exclaimed Mary Alice.

"What's the problem?" asked Elizabeth.

"Come up here and take a look."

Both Elizabeth and Kathleen climbed the ladder and looked at the
men peering though the transit.

"Well, how do you like that," said Kathleen.

"We ought to go up there and give them a piece of our mind!" said
Mary Alice.

"Oh, yeah, like we're really going to go up there and yell at some
strange men for looking at us." Kathleen knew that she wasn't about to
take on three adult guys in an argument.

"We might wind up giving them more than a piece of our mind, if
you catch my meaning" laughed Elizabeth.

Mary Alice gave a nonchalant shrug and stepped into her sneakers,
"I really wouldn't mind, I haven't had a good screw for ages.
Let's go and see."

Kathleen stood and watched her two friends slip into their sandals
and walk over to a hole in the fence. "Oh, really? Just a second
ago, you're like talking about yelling at them, and now you're like
ready to go and fuck their brains out? You two are crazy!"

"Coming, Kathleen?"

Kathleen grabbed her sandals and squeezed through the hole behind
Elizabeth and Mary Alice. "Sure, I'm coming. You don't think I'd just
sit down here and wait to hear what crazy stories you come back with.
But, we better not get caught off the school grounds. I don't want to
be restricted when everyone else gets back."

Mary Alice turned around, "Kathleen! Will you just stop worrying
and loosen up! Except for the ones in the kitchen, all the
Sisters are at Noon Prayers. We have at least an hour!"

"Uh-oh, I think they're onto us," said Skip, who was looking
through the transit when he saw the three girls stand on the high
board and look in his direction.

"Well, it was fun while it lasted," said Bill. "Let's go get a
bite to eat. It's lunch time. Want to come along?" he asked
Rob.

"No, just bring me back a hamburger and a Coke. I've got to get
some more work done."

"Are you sure? There were some hot looking waitresses there, this
morning," said Skip.

"No, that's OK."

"All right, Mr. Engineer, have it your way," said Skip as he and
Bill got in the truck for the drive down the hill.

As they were riding down the hill, Skip said, "Poor guy, with that
scrawny body, I bet he never gets laid."

"Oh, the engineer, you mean? Yeah, that's probably why he's an
engineer, I haven't met one yet that wasn't a little strange. Besides,
I'm still thinking about those three sweet, young babes at the pool."

"Yeah, now there's something to think about!" said Skip.

"Gosh, I didn't think it was so far up here," said Elizabeth.

"Well, we made it," said Mary Alice.

"Looks like were too late. The truck's gone," observed Kathleen.

"Hey, look, the door is open," said Elizabeth.

Just then, Rob appeared in the doorway.

"Hi, girls, what can I do for you?" said Rob.

"Well, we noticed what a good time you guys were having with your
little toy, over there," said Elizabeth, nodding in the direction of
the transit.

"Well," said Rob, blushing slightly, and smiling, "things get a
little boring up here. You can't blame us for looking, can you?"

"Can we look inside the hut?" asked Kathleen.

"Sure," replied Rob, "but there really isn't too much to see." He
showed the girls inside and was expecting to have to explain to them
how all the equipment worked, when he noticed Mary Alice rubbing her
arm against the sides of her barely-contained tits. Her nipples were
erect and noticeable through the bikini top.

"Hmm...those two dumb riggers sure are missing something, now," he
thought. "Three gorgeous young things, up close and nearly naked!" He
started to get hard looking at these three beautiful young girls. He
couldn't help it -- he wished he could rub his crotch.

"Well, don't just stand there, Kathleen. Don't you remember what
you said by the pool?" teased Mary Alice.

"I wasn't really serious," stammered Kathleen.

Rob was puzzled for a moment then broke into a wide grin. "So, we
weren't the only ones playing peeping Tom, 'eh?"

"Well, we didn't have a telescope, we just had to use the naked
eye," said Elizabeth.

Mary Alice untied the top of her bikini, "It's your lucky day. We
came all the way up here with one thing in mind. We are very BAD
girls!"

"That is a hint, if I ever heard one," said Rob, who started to
unbutton his pants.

Kathleen's eyes popped open, "What are you two doing?"

"Oh, Kathleen, just relax. Here, I'll do it," offered Mary Alice,
as she finished unzipping Rob's jeans. Soon, Rob was naked from
the waist down, and the girls stared at his erection. He was so skinny
and pale, but his cock was long and real thick, and Mary Alice wasted
no time getting it into her mouth and working on it. She immediately
began working her mouth up and down his hot, hard shaft. Hungrily
wrapping her lips around Rob's balls and sucking them and then running
her tongue along the underside of his dick.

Rob could barely remain standing, he was getting hotter and
hotter. While Mary Alice was giving head, Elizabeth unbuttoned
and removed Rob's shirt and started to french kiss him, while rubbing
him all over with her now-naked breasts.

Kathleen said, "Hey, you two whores, I had dibs on him first!
Remember?"

Mary Alice lifted her mouth from around Rob's cock and smiled at
Kathleen, "We're just getting him ready for you, but you better be
ready, girl! Do you think you can handle all of this?"

"I can handle it. I just can't do it! How am I going to keep
from getting, you know, pregnant?" asked Kathleen.

Rob took a break from kissing Elizabeth long enough to say, "this
engineer comes prepared. Look in my wallet, over there."

Elizabeth found the familiar rectangular foil package and after
prying Mary Alice's hot, hungry lips off of Rob's aching tool,
proceeded to roll the condom onto the engineer's prick.

"OK, my shy, sexy young thing, let's go for it!" said Rob.

"I'm not getting on that dirty floor," whined Kathleen.

"Right! You don't have to," yelled Mary Alice and Elizabeth in
unison, taking Rob by the arms and laying him on his back. Rob was now
flat on his back with his hard-on sticking straight up like the tower
outside, and to everyone's surprise, Kathleen wasted no time in
mounting it.

Rob started to fondle Kathleen's big, round tits, and all she
could say was, "Ooohhh!"

Rob teased Kathleen's nipples until they were standing out like
pencil erasers. Kathleen moaned deeply as her cunt was being
deliciously reamed out by Rob's hot, hard cock. She raised her cunt up
the full length of Rob's solid cock and then lowered her steamy, wet
cunt along the same erotic path -- she tightened her cunt muscles as
she worked her pussy up and down. She was nearly out of her mind with
hot pleasure.

Mary Alice smiled, finally finding out that Kathleen wasn't the
last virgin in the school -- even if she always acted like she
was. She wanted to add to Kathleen's pleasure, so she leaned over her
friend and began to french kiss her. As Mary Alice's tongue slid in
and out of Kathleen's willing mouth, both Mary Alice and Kathleen
became hotter and hotter with pure lust.

Elizabeth then decided that Rob's mouth was going to waste and
knelt over his face. Rob needed no instruction, but started to
stroke Elizabeth's clit expertly with his tongue.

"What about me?" Mary Alice whined.

"SLURPP" was all Rob could say, because his face was still full of
Elizabeth's dripping snatch, but he motioned Mary Alice over closer,
and fingered her cunt with his free hand, while still playing with
Kathleen's tits with the other.

"Ohhhhh!!!" moaned Kathleen, thoroughly enjoying being in control
of Rob's cock. "Ohhh...ahhh...hmmmmm...aaaaaaAAAAAA!" I'M
CUMMING," she screamed, "OH, IT'S SO FUCKING WONDERFUL, IT FEELS SOOOO
GOOOOD!!!" she finally groaned, as she had her first real orgasm on a
cock in almost a year.

At about the same time, Rob started to shoot his hot cum into the
condom protecting her hungry pussy.

"Nooo!" shouted Mary Alice, "don't waste that love juice!"

Kathleen raised her steaming cunt off of Rob's throbbing rod and
Mary Alice stripped the rubber off and again began to suck Rob's
slimy and still-hard cock. She sucked the last of Rob's cum and licked
her lips.

"Mmmm..." she said, "that's the sexiest taste in the world." She
continued to work her hot mouth up and down Rob's softening cock until
the hard-worked organ began to catch fire and rise again.

"Wow!" was all the engineer could say. "How old are you girls?"

"Old enough for you! You're not done, yet. I want more than just
a finger," said Elizabeth. "I also hope you have plenty of
rubbers, here," she added, "I don't want to get pregnant, either!"
The wallet had a small but what Rob hoped was a sufficient
supply. And, as expert as the girls were at getting Rob hard,
again, he knew he was going to need those rubbers!

Rob's dick was soon hard as a rock and aching for another good
fuck.

Elizabeth's pussy was still hot and wet from the eating that Rob
had given it, and her mind was dizzy with anticipation. She was
on fire for SEX.

Mary Alice and Kathleen decided to help Elizabeth along.

All three girls had eventually become willing participants in the
"musical beds" that the older girls played with them at night
(especially as shy, innocent freshmen), and were now as comfortable
arousing a girl's body as a man's.

Mary Alice walked behind Elizabeth's back and reached around her
hot body and began to work on Elizabeth's tits and to squeeze and
fondle Elizabeth's hot nipples. Elizabeth moaned deeply.

Kathleen, not to be outdone in preparing her friend for her
fucking, strode to Elizabeth's front and knelt down before
Elizabeth's waiting, hungry snatch. She buried her face in Elizabeth's
pubic hair and gently began to kiss her beautiful pussy. She parted
Elizabeth's cunt lips with her tongue and lustfully licked the clit
into a rigid erection. Elizabeth's clit was fully aroused and
super-sensitive. As Kathleen's tongue curled along Elizabeth's clit,
Elizabeth's knees buckled and she involuntarily moaned with joy. As
Elizabeth began to scream with pleasure, Kathleen pulled away and Mary
Alice guided Elizabeth over to Rob's waiting cock.

The condoms forgotten, Mary Alice and Kathleen lowered Elizabeth
onto Rob's hot meat. Elizabeth was now seated on Rob's cock,
bouncing up and down -- her big, round tits bouncing like pink jello.

Mary Alice had worked herself up into such a frenzy, that when
Elizabeth mounted Rob's dick, she had to have more. She looked at
Kathleen with smoldering eyes and said, "I'm burning up, Kathleen, can
you help me?"

Kathleen smiled. She, too, was still highly worked up and her
pussy was still on fire.

Eagerly, Mary Alice reached for Kathleen and began to gently kiss
her passionate lips. At the same time, Mary Alice's hands were
setting Kathleen's tits on fire with their insistent caressing of
Kathleen's nipples. Once again, Kathleen's nipples were rock hard and
very responsive. Mary Alice's active tongue was again fucking in and
out of Kathleen's hot mouth. Kathleen was moaning with pleasure. She
wanted to be fucked again, hot and hard.

Kathleen reached for Mary Alice's breasts and she began to tweak
her nipples and they immediately jumped to attention. Kathleen
was almost too hot to see straight, but she trailed her hand down Mary
Alice's firm, flat belly, then began to rub Mary Alice's crotch with a
circular motion of her fingers. Each time her fingers passed through
Mary Alice's pubic hair, Mary Alice tightened her grip on Kathleen's
burning tits and drove her tongue deeper and deeper into her friend's
hot, sucking mouth. Finally, Kathleen's hand paused over her friend's
hot crotch. She gently inserted her index finger into her friend's
steaming pussy and began to rub Mary Alice's inflamed clit.

Mary Alice moaned "Oooooo...Aahhhhhh! I LOVE IT!" She wantonly
spread her legs wider, so that Kathleen could get at all of her
steaming pussy. Kathleen's active finger began to push itself into
Mary Alice's inner cunt and Mary Alice jumped with the pleasure.

"More! I WANT MORE!" Mary Alice moaned in complete lustful
abandon. Kathleen willingly obliged her friend by slowly
inserting all of the fingers on her small hand into Mary Alice's
dripping snatch and then pleasuring her friend with a firm fucking
motion of her entire hand into and out of Mary Alice's hot cunt. Mary
Alice's head was rocking back and forth, side to side, as she babbled
on in sheer sensual abandonment. Mary Alice had given up on french
kissing Kathleen, and was totally controlled by the hand which now
fucked her pussy harder and harder, deeper and deeper. Her hands
gripped Kathleen's tits in a passionate embrace as she forcefully
squeezed and released Kathleen's breasts over and over again. This had
the predictable effect on Kathleen, making her even more intent on
playing with Mary Alice's stiff clit and fucking Mary Alice's pussy
with her whole hand.

Meanwhile, Elizabeth and Rob were fucking on and on. Elizabeth
was on fire and told Rob that he was almost too big and she was
exhausted and that he would have to get on top to finish the screwing.
Rob told Elizabeth that there were some blankets in the corner
cabinet. Elizabeth slowly raised her still-steaming cunt up Rob's
prick and pulled off with a wet slurping sound. She moaned with the
pleasure that Rob's big cock-head had given her as she withdrew her
cunt from it. She strode over to the cabinet and opened the door and
retrieved 2 blankets. She spread one out for Rob and herself, and took
the other over to her passionate friends and spread it out on the floor
next to them.

Rob told Elizabeth to get down on her hands and knees. She wasn't
sure if she wanted to, but Rob roughly pushed her onto the blanket with
her ass pointed towards him. He knelt behind her and slipped his
still-wet cock between her legs. Wantonly, Elizabeth spread her legs
as much as she could and reached back, grabbing Rob's waiting prick she
guided it to her pussy. She placed Rob's cock-head in her cunt opening
and Rob reached down and grasped both sides of her hips and thrust
deeply into her cunt. Elizabeth almost fell down from sheer bliss as
her pussy was reamed out over and over. Rob reached over Elizabeth's
bare back and down under her body and fondled her big, jiggling
breasts.

Elizabeth was being caressed and fucked like she had never been
fucked before. She was in utter ecstacy. She moaned over and
over again, "Fuck me...Fuck me...Hold me...Squeeze my tits...Yes, I
Love It...Fuck Me harder...Deeper and Deeper...Ram your sweet cock in
me harder and harder against my ass...I want to feel your balls slap up
against my ass...fill my cunt, it needs your lovely prick...don't ever
stop fucking me!"
Over and over, Rob pounded his crotch against Elizabeth's ass and
his balls loudly smacked against Elizabeth's writhing rear. His
cock plunged deeply in and out of Elizabeth's vibrating cunt.

Soon, Elizabeth gasped over and over "I'm cumming! I'm cumming!
Pound into me! Fuck me! Fuck Me! Screw me! Fill my cunt...fill my
pussy! Cum in me...cum in me! I want to feel your cock shoot your
delicious cum in my pussy...I'm cumming...I Love It...I Love It!"

Rob, too, was moaning as the full load of cum in his cock was
rising to be spurted into Elizabeth's tight cunt. As he continued
pounding against Elizabeth's ass, Rob moaned, "I'm cumming in your
pussy...get ready, little girl, I'm going to shoot all of my hot cum
into your sweet, young snatch!" Then, Rob began to come into
Elizabeth's churning pussy. Over and over again, his cock spurted cum
into Elizabeth's cunt, filling to overflowing, down her pubic hair and
then dripping down her legs.

Elizabeth was cumming at the same time and loved every sweet spurt
shooting into her cunt. Rob released Elizabeth's tits and both of them
collapsed onto the blanket, breathing heavily and moaning with pleasure
and satisfaction. Elizabeth lay quietly next to Rob and they gently
caressed each other with tenderness. Elizabeth gently stroked Rob's
dick and balls, marveling that she had been given such wonderful
pleasure by his now-softening cock. Rob caressed Elizabeth's tits,
gently cupping a full breast in each hand. His fingers stroked her
relaxed nipples and caused Elizabeth much pleasure with his gentle
caresses. Elizabeth had very beautiful tits, and Rob loved to watch
his caresses bring satisfaction to her.

On the other side of the room, Kathleen had noticed that Elizabeth
had brought her and Mary Alice a blanket. She stopped her eager
fucking of her friend's pussy and told Mary Alice to lay down, so they
could continue their sexual playmaking in more comfort. Mary Alice's
head was spinning with lust, but she laid down on the blanket and
spread her legs, so that her pussy was fully open to Kathleen's sweet
attack. Kathleen moved so that her mouth was over Mary Alice's hot
pussy and began to eagerly lick her friend's cunt. She ran her tongue
over Mary Alice's clitoris until Mary Alice was moaning in white hot
pleasure.

Mary Alice was out of her mind. She pulled Kathleen's body close
so that Kathleen's crotch was straight over her hungry mouth. She
reached up and grasped Kathleen's ass and pulled Kathleen's pussy down
onto her twitching tongue. Mary Alice's tongue plunged deeply into
Kathleen's hot cunt, over and over, again, and Kathleen rolled her hips
from side to side in a vain attempt to escape the ravaging of Mary
Alice's long, demanding, plunging tongue.

Finally, Kathleen's slurping tongue had done its job and Mary
Alice came over and over again. As Mary Alice came, she became
more determined to eat her friend into total bliss. She jabbed her
tongue in and out of her friend's tight pussy, until eating her
friend's hot pussy became her entire world.

Soon, Kathleen was rolling her head back and forth in total
abandon. She no longer had the ability to remember to eat her
friend's pussy. Mary Alice caressed Kathleen's swinging tits and
caused Kathleen to become even hotter and more passionate and Kathleen
utterly screamed with passion.

"Eat Me, Eat Me, Fuck Me with your hot tongue! I Love it, stick
it in my hot pussy, my steaming cunt, my wet, hot pussy, lick me,
squeeze my tits. I love it!"

As her screams and moans became louder and louder, Kathleen
shouted, "SUCK ME, EAT ME, LICK ME, I'M CUMMING, I'M CUMMING,
PLEASE DON'T EVER STOP PLUNGING YOUR LOVELY TONGUE INTO MY HOT PUSSY,
LICK MY CLIT, SUCK MY CUNT, I'M CUMMING, OH, OOOOOHHHHH, AH,
AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH, MMMMMUMMMMMNNNNN, IT'S WONDERFUL! I'M CUMMING!"

Shortly, as Mary Alice held Kathleen's flailing body close to her
and had Kathleen's churning pussy trapped on her plunging tongue,
Kathleen had a tremendous climax. She swung her body back and forth,
up and down and her head was whipping from side to side. Kathleen's
mouth was open and moaning loudly and her eyes were half closed with
utter passion. Wave after wave of sexual bliss swept over her as her
cunt was invaded by Mary Alice's fiery tongue. Mary Alice continued to
thrust her tongue into Kathleen's churning cunt until Kathleen
completely collapsed in an intense, overpowering climax. Then, Mary
Alice released Kathleen's ass, which she had held onto tightly so that
Kathleen couldn't pull her pussy away from Mary Alice's mouth and
hungry tongue. Mary Alice gently caressed Kathleen's ass and tits as
Kathleen lay next to her in a state of sexual stupor.

"Don't we get any?" asked Skip.

"Well, whip'em out, and we will see if you measure up!" said
Kathleen.

The riggers needed no further prompting, and pulled out their
peckers, already hard from watching the naked girls play with each
other.

Elizabeth had finished screwing with the engineer and started to
suck Skip.

Mary Alice started on Bill's cock and Kathleen moved between Rob's
legs. All three pairs then rearranged themselves into 69 positions.
Tongue in cunt, cock in mouth, the only sound was slurping. They went
at it until there was a shout from outside the small building.

"Who could that be?" whispered Skip.

"I don't know. Hide behind the transmitter, girls," whispered the
engineer, pointing to the tall grey cabinet.

Rob quickly put his pants and shirt back on and hoped whoever it
was wouldn't notice that he was barefoot.

He opened the door to two nuns, dressed in full black and white
battle gear.

"Young man, have you seen any girls around here? Possibly walking
up the hill or through the brush?"

"Uh, no ma'am...ah, sisters," Rob fibbed.

"If you should see them, please tell them to get back to their
rooms, immediately."

"Yes, Ma'am...ah, sister, I sure will," said Rob, and closed the
door.

"Whew!" he said after he snuck a look and was certain the nuns
were plodding back down the path. "That, girls and boys, was
close! I don't want to think about the trouble we'd be in for messing
around with such young girls."

Elizabeth hrumphed, "You guys haven't done anything we hadn't
already done, before -- lots of times! Beside, we're not all that
young - we're 15."

"Yeah," said Skip as he squeezed Elizabeth's firm tit, "where did
you little girls get so experienced? What do they teach in that
school, down there?"

The girls all looked at each other and giggled. "We're good
little Catholic girls, and don't you forget it! Well, we had
better be going," said Mary Alice, "Old Sister Thunder-thighs, there,
will be sending out a search party if we don't show up, real soon."

"But, we're not done!" moaned Skip and Bill.

Elizabeth and Mary Alice laid back on the blankets and spread
their legs, "OK, but make it fast, guys," said Mary Alice.

Skip and Bill jumped between the girls' open thighs and plowed
their erections in their pussies, to the hilt.

Rob and Kathleen sat together, enjoying the show the other four
were putting on.

Soon, both of the men came, shooting their sticky, hot cum up the
tight, young pussies. The three girls all stood and began putting
their bathing suits back on.

"How much longer will you guys be working here?" asked Elizabeth.

"We're sorry to say that we're done, here," said Bill. "Time to
move on to the next job".

Rob had a huge grin on his face as he whispered in Kathleen's ear,
"But I work for the local TV station and will have to come up here at
least once a week for equipment inspections."

"Well, we may see a lot more of each other," laughed Kathleen.

The girls then quickly finished putting their swim suits back on
and headed down the path, laughing and happy that the day hadn't
been a total bore. Enjoying the feeling of being as bad and naughty as
they were.

The riggers got in their truck and drove down the hill for the
last time.

"I still think that engineers are weird," said Skip.

"I know, partner, but this one sure has the luck with the girls,"
replied Bill with a sigh.

And the engineer just looked out the truck window at the school
below with a big grin on his face.
