			WORKING RELATIONS (CAUGHT)- Part 2

	       I had just finished spanking Miss Lee when the door to
	  my office suddenly burst open and Suzi, one of Miss Lee's
	  helpers, fell into the room.  Her lack of grace complicated
	  by having one hand down the front of her slacks. Miss Lee
	  and I both jumped to our feet and watched Suzi as she
	  disentangled herself and got to her feet.

	       "Just what is the meaning of this?", I said in my most
	  commanding voice. "What do you think you are doing?"

	       "Well", she started, "I...I was putting some papers on
	  Miss Lee's desk when I tripped and fell against the door."

	       She looked up at me hopefully to see if I believed her.
	  When she saw the look on my face she looked back at the
	  floor and started over.

	       "I accidentally heard you two one night about a month
	  ago when I did come in after work to put some papers on Miss
	  Lee's desk.  Now I wait after work to see if she comes in
	  here and closes the door.  When she does I go into her
	  office and listen at the door to try to hear you. I get so
	  hot I can hardly stand up when I have to leave."

	       Miss Lee and I look at each other for a moment.  "Does
	  anyone else know what we do here?", I ask.

	       "No, I only heard you because it was very quite that
	  night I came into Miss Lee's office.  I heard the sounds of
	  slaps and wondered what was going on, so I put my ear to the
	  door. When I did that I could hear Miss Lee gasping and
	  groaning.  At first I was afraid you were hurting her, but
	  as I continued to listen I realized what was happening.  I
	  got so hot thinking about it I came in my pants.   Since
	  then I have always wanted to join you but I could never
	  bring myself to ask."

	       I looked Suzi over. In contrast to Miss Lee, Suzi is a
	  small, dark, Japanese girl.   She has a slight figure, and
	  long, shiny, black hair reaching down to her waist.  She is
	  looking at the floor wondering what is going to happen now.
	  I can see her rock-hard nipples right through her satin
	  blouse.

	       "Miss Lee", I say, "I think we have a very naughty girl
	  here.  I think she needs to be punished for listening at the
	  door. What do you think?"

	       Miss Lee just looks at me and nodded her head.

	       "Tell me Suzi, are you ready to be punished for what
	  you have done?  If so, then close the door, and make sure
	  it's locked, and come over here."

	       Suzi closes the door and walks around the desk to where
	  I am standing.   Her head still hung down, but I can see her
	  eyes are shining. I move away from the chair and motion Miss
	  Lee to sit down.

	       "I think we should start with a spanking, and I would
	  like Miss Lee to administer it.  Suzi, come here and lay
	  across her lap."

	       As Suzi starts to lay down Miss Lee speaks up, "Wait,
	  you must remove your pants and panties first. A proper
	  spanking is delivered to the bare ass."

	       Suzi looks at Miss Lee then looks over at me. I nod at
	  her, and she kicks off her shoes and pulls off her pants and
	  panties.  When she turns I see that her pubic area is shaved
	  clean.  She then lays across Miss Lee's lap with her ass
	  high in the air and waits for the first slap of Miss Lee's
	  hand.  Instead, Miss Lee rests her hand on Suzi's upturned
	  butt and feels the smooth firm skin there.  After a few
	  moments she suddenly raises her hand and brings it down with
	  a resounding smack.  For the next few minutes Miss Lee rains
	  blows on Suzi's quickly reddening ass, as Suzi writhes and
	  whimpers. Now Miss Lee reaches down and begins to massage
	  Suzi's ass and thighs, with heavy caresses up and down her
	  legs.  She begins to work her clit up and down until she has
	  one, no two fingers inserted into her wet cunt.  I could
	  tell Suzi was ready now and Miss Lee winked over at me to
	  also let me know that this little Bitch was in need of more
	  sexual stimulation.

	       "There, that ought to be sufficient", Miss Lee says as
	  she stopped.  "You may stand up now."

	       Suzi gets to her feet, still looking down. I can see by
	  the way her eyes are shining, and by the juices dipping down
	  her legs, that she enjoyed the whole experience.

	       "Well, now that Miss Lee has gotten her licks in, I
	  think you ought to return the favor Suzi. Why don't you
	  kneel down there and give Miss Lee's clitty a good licking?"

	       Suzi looks at me to see if I am serious, then she drops
	  to her knees in front of Miss Lee, pushes her skirt up, and
	  leans slowly forward. As she approaches the junction of Miss
	  Lee's legs she sticks her tongue out and just brushes the
	  liquid shining on her lower lips.  Her tongue retreats to
	  taste what it has gathered, then flashes back out, intrigued
	  by what it has found. I can tell that this is the first time
	  Suzi has ever eaten another woman. Just watching her had
	  gotten my cock as hard as steel.  Suzi continues to
	  continues to lick around the edges of Miss Lee's cunt almost
	  as if she is afraid to push her tongue all the way past her
	  labia major.

	       "Come on girl", Miss Lee says as she pulls Suzi's head
	  closer, "You know what's there and how to make a girl feel
	  good. Come on now, fuck me with your tongue!"

	       Now with Suzi's head in the way I can't really see what
	  she is doing, but by watching Miss Lee I can tell she has
	  gotten down to the real business.  Suzi had managed to get
	  her tongue up Miss Lee's slit to the point where Miss Lee
	  was writhering around on the chair in her excitement.  "Come
	  on Suzi," Miss Lee said "deeeper, get into me deeper."
	  Suzi's tongue was going in and out of Miss Lee's cunt like a
	  dick now. "Oh, now put your lips on my clitty and suck it
	  hard." said Miss Lee's. Suzi was licking and sucking for all
	  she was worth as Miss Lee was moving her legs all over the
	  place.   She had them wrappped around Suzi's neck and was
	  thrusting herself into Suzi's wanton mouth.  She had pulled
	  Suzi's hair to get her closer to her hot love box.

	       Soon I couldn't stand it any more.  I dropped to my
	  knees and got behind Suzi, pulling out my cock, and slam it
	  into her pussy.  I hear a muffled scream as I push into her.
	  She was hot, wet, and very tight.  So tight that I only get
	  about half way in to her with the first push.  With another
	  push I slide in until I hit bottom.  Suzi lets out a moan
	  that is echoed by Miss Lee.  I start pumping, knowing that I
	  won't last long in a cunt this tight, but it feels so good
	  not to.

	       As I push in and out, I am pushing Suzi's face into
	  Miss Lee's pussy adding to her feelings.  Very soon she is
	  gasping at the start of her orgasm.  I can feel the cum
	  rising in my balls as I feel the pulsing of Suzi's cunt
	  around my prick.  The office is filled with the moans and
	  screams of pleasure as we all orgasm off together.

	       As I open my eyes again I am sitting back behind Suzi.
	  She is still kneeling with her head on Miss Lee's legs, my
	  cum running down the insides of her legs.  Miss Lee is
	  laying back in the chair, her face still flushed, still
	  gasping from the intensity of her hot orgasm.  She winks a
	  couple of times and as she looks over at me.

	       "I think we've found someone to blame the next time we
	  can't find a file."        -jt-





