Archive-name: Violent/caught04.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Caught - 4


  Sorry to keep all of you waiting but I was in the process
of moving and it took me longer to get out chapter four than
I had been planning on. I hope to have at least two more
chapters out by the end of the year, and to have it completed
by next summer. Keep the comments coming.
  Enjoy!


                            CAUGHT

                         Chapter Four


     Her mouth still on fire from the hot fluid that had
assaulted her tongue, Barbara was led down the hall in a most
unceremonious fashion. With her hands cuffed tightly behind
her, she was aware that in her naked state, she was no doubt
being gazed upon by other prisons and guards.
  The cool damp air brushed her skin, a sharp contrast to the
warm hands that held her arms just above the elbow. Even with
the blindfold on, she could tell that no light from the
outside had illuminated this area in years. He bare feet
contacted to moist, stone floor as she was taken down the
corridor.
  Her ears detected a heavy door being opened and she was
whisked through it. With a mighty slam it closed behind her.
Her "escorts" led her across the room and forced her into a
chair. Her arms and legs were fastened securely and as soon
as that was done, her blindfold was removed.
  As she glanced around the room, Barbara noticed that there
was a small raised platform in the center, directly in front
of her chair. Rising from the ground was a type of pedestal
which had a ring about waist level and a cross member with
two rings at approximately shoulder height. There was also a
frame work bed which had rings attached to the posts. Above
the "stage" were four flood lights which at the moment were
dark. On the floor under the bed was a small footlocker like
object which no doubt contained some horrible items.
  "I'll bet you're wondering where Allison is, aren't you?"
came a female voice from behind Barbara. "She will be along
in due time. I can't tell you how glad I am to make your
acquaintance," she continued as she stepped out from the
shadows.
  "My name it Leslie," she said as she stepped over toward
Barbara. He hair was tied up on her head, but Barbara could
make out that it was strawberry blonde in color. Her face was
very attractive, with high cheekbones, full lips, and
beautiful green eyes. Surely this can't be the torturer that
was rumored about, thought Barbara.
  Dressed in a lab coat which did little to destroy the
marvelous curves of Leslie's body, she reached down into one
of her pockets and pulled out a small box.
  "Well, this won't do," she said as she looked at Barbara.
Leslie turned and walked off into the shadows after placing
the box next to Barbara's chair. With much dread, Barbara
looked down and saw what appeared to be a small fishing
tackle box. Her mind raced for answers to questions that were
forming, but it was slowed and numbed by the pain and agony
which it had been forced to endure in the past how ever many
hours it had been.
  Quietly, Leslie returned with a harness which she placed
between Barbara's tits and over her shoulders. She tightened
it behind the chair, forcing Barbara's mauled tits outward
and restraining any further movement.
  "I want to make sure that you pay attention to what is
going to happen to your friend," Leslie said as she opened
the box. With her right hand she pulled out a rather large
fish hook on which a length of nylon fishing line had already
been attached. "Compared with what you have been through
already, this is going to be minor," she calmly stated as she
moved behind Barbara and reached over her shoulder to grab
her left tit. "But it will assist om keeping your attention!"
  Casually, Leslie pulled outward on the nipple, causing
Barbara to suck in a breath of air through her teeth. They
were still so tender.
  With morbid fascination, Barbara watched as Leslie touched
the hook under her nipple, half way back on the aereloa. A
flash of pain hit her brain and she tried to move away, but
it was to no avail. Leslie had been right, though. The pain
was nothing like she had already endured.
  Slowly the hook was threaded through her tit until it had
her hooked well. Leslie went to the other side, and just as
coolly, just as casually, just as naturally embedded the
second hook into Barbara's right tit.
  Leslie pulled the lines tight and then efficiently attached
them to two hooks which were in the arms the chair. The
effect was to pull Barbara's tits forward and away from her
body. Barbara knew that if she moved, the hooks would only
become more embedded in her flesh, and she doubt that Leslie,
or anyone for that matter, would remove them in any manner
other than the most painful way.
  With this accomplished, Leslie turned and walked away from
Barbara, and back into the shadows.
  It was only moments until Leslie returned, and emerging
from the shadows behind her were two muscular men who held
between them the struggling form of Allsion!
  Barbara could hardly bear to watch as they brought Allison
up onto the "stage" and roughly threw her onto the bed. The
cuffs that were now evident on her wrists and ankles were
swiftly clamped to the rings, making Allison spread eagle on
the bed.
  Allison was a pretty girl with a soft face and a pretty
smile. She wasn't knock-out beautiful, but would make
anyone's head turn. Her reddish-brown hair was shoulder
length, curling under at the ends, and her long bangs were
brushed over to the right.
  But now the face was contorted and fading streaks from
tears left red impressions on her cheeks. Leslie approached
Allison as the two men stepped back. She looked at Barbara as
she took a knife from one of her pockets and quickly began
shredding Allison's clothes.
  "We know that you know more than this little bitch knows,"
said the torturer as she removed Allison's shirt and just as
quickly, her bra. Now with her tits free, Barbara could see
that while the breasts were not anything spectacular, they
were almost perfect in form and color. The nipples were small
and flat with the contour of the breast. For a moment,
Barbara almost found herself wanting to suck on them, but
then realized what it was that she was contemplating.
  "So, you now have a choice..." Leslie undid the slacks and
forcefully pulled them down to Allison's ankles and sliced
them off. "You can either tell me everything that I want to
know, or you can watch your friend here," she turned to the
restrained shape on the bed and with two quick slices, slit
off her panties, but not with out nicking her skin, leaving a
cut on her left side just above her thatch of pubic hair
which began to fill with crimson blood, "die slowly!"
  Leslie licked her finger and then massaged the open wound.
With blood on her fingertips, she placed them into her mouth
and suck, no doubt relishing in the taste. She reached down
and gathered some more blood on her fingers and walked over
to Barbara. She slipped the finger across the space between
Barbara's taut breasts, leaving a trail of Allison's blood
between her tits. "The blood of your friend is on your
hands," she laughed as she went back to the bed.
  Leslie kneeled down and slid the locker out from under the
bed and opened the lid. Barbara could not see into it as
Leslie's body blocked her view. As the lid was closed, the
pain-giver stood and walked over to Barbara once again.
  "I will give you one more chance to tell me what I want to
know before I begin to reduce this beautiful young woman to
a battered, scarred, and hideous corpse." She tugged ever so
gently on the nylon lines which pulled on the hooks embedded
in Barbara's soft breasts for emphasis.
  At that moment Barbara could see the implement that Leslie
held in her hand. It was nothing more than a pair of vise
grip pliers. Leslie saw that Barbara had noticed them and
smiled. "Yes, sometimes I find that simple things work the
best." She twisted the knob on the end which opened the jaws
just slightly and then released the catch, the pliers opening
it's maw wide.
  "Well, I guess that it is time to begin!" She returned to
the outstretched Allison. The girl on the bed had pleading
eyes. Leslie took her bare hand and slapped at Allison's
small right tit. There was an ever so slight hardening of the
nipple after the blow. Leslie took her fingers and massaged
the nub as Allison squirmed.
  "I hope that you can forgive your friend," she said,
looking Allison in the eye. "She would rather you suffer than
help me out." The pliers in Leslie's hand lowered down until
the jaws were positioned to clamp down on the tender flesh.
  "AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!
NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!! PLEASE, STOPPPPP!" wailed Allison. Barbara
tried to blot out the situation by closing her eyes, but the
message was conveyed through the screams, and she knew that
she would not be able to blot out the look of sheer terror
that had been on Allison's face the millisecond after the
pliers closed on her nipple and the millisecond before her
scream had pierced the air.
  With a morbid sense of curiosity opened her eyes after a
few moments and saw Allison trying to thrash about, the
pliers holding tight as tears streamed down her cheeks. Her
nipple was an ugly reddish purple and bulging. A trickle of
blood seeped down her tit.
  After what seemed to be a minute or so, Leslie released the
visegrip. Another scream was soon splitting the air as she
had re-applied the tool after twisting the jaws closer
together.
  "I am sure that you will enjoy it when I get down to her
clit and start in on that!" yelled Leslie over the screams
and begging of Allison. "And this is just the beginning!!!"
  Barbara thought to herself, "I think that maybe it's time
to talk..."

--
