Archive-name: Violent/caught07.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Caught - 6 alternate


  Actually, I tried to upload this the night that the other
Caught Chapted Six showed up. I will try and get another out
soon. Thanks for waiting.


                            CAUGHT
                         Chapter Six


     Barbara had lost track of the time since she had been
captured. She tried to sleep on the cold, hard concrete floor
of the cell. The "fish hooks" which had been embedded in her
breasts had been removed and all that remained of their
presence was a small hole in each tit. Her nipples and pussy
were in worse shape.
  The pain had been reduced to a strong, dull ache that made
her fearful of touching them. Getting comfortable on the
floor with the thin blanket was an agony in itself as parts
of her tortured body reminded her of what she had been
through.
  Somewhere down the hallway, a woman cried out in agony.
Pleas were screamed, and then another banshee like wail.
  Barbara opened her eyes and looked around the room. There
had to be some way to end it all. All she could find though,
was her blanket. It was thin and thread-bare and would never
be useful in a hanging attempt.
  As a chill ran though her, she clutched the blanket tighter
against her nakedness. She pressed her eyes tightly together
as another scream shattered the night. In the pitch
blackness, she became aware of something moving. Maybe it was
another human, and maybe it was something that she would
rather not discover. She huddled herself and tried to go to
sleep.
  Barbara was not sure if she had been asleep or in the fits
of a hallucination when the bolt that restrained her door
slammed to the side and the door clanged open. Blinking her
eyes against the harsh light in the hallway, she became aware
of two men standing in the doorway. Without a word they
reached down and grabbed the secret agent roughly and pulled
her into the hall.
  Stumbling along, Barbara tried to regain her footing as the
men led her past three or four doors, which although closed,
could not muffle cries, sobs, and screams. Barbara could only
guess at what was going on behind the doors; or for that
matter, where she was being taken.
  She didn't have long to wait. She was pulled into a room
that contained a table that looked like it came from a
doctor's office. She tried to break free as the men dragged
her toward the table. Now Barbara was becoming aware that
there were at least 20 men standing around the room, all of
them grinning like wild dogs that were about to move in for
the kill. A scream escaped her lips as she was thrown onto
the table. Her arms were jerked down to the sides and
fastened into restraints. Pairs of hands yanked her legs and
slid them into the stirrups, where more leather cuffs held
her ankles. She was bucking like a bronco now, her head
shaking from side to side. The tortures that she had endured
was nothing compared to the fear that she felt now.
  Two more straps were placed around her thighs. Someone
grabbed her head and steadied it as another man placed
something behind her head. It was like a loop of steel that
had two small rubber blocks on the ends. These rubber blocks
slid into her mouth and were used to hold her teeth open back
near her molars. It was cutting into the sides of her mouth
and forced it open wide.
  Laughter, snickers, taunts, and lewd language split the
silence, but through it all, Barbara heard the one sound that
she knew was coming... A zipper was pulled down. She turned
her head slightly and saw a man pulling his dick from his
pants. Tears began to fill her eyes, stinging them. She tried
to plead but the gag would not allow her to mouth the words.
The man stepped to the foot of the table and placed his dick
against Barbara's pussy. His fingers deftly pulled apart the
abused and sore folds of the labia and with one mighty push,
he was inside her.
  Barbara's scream was drowned out by the cheers of the other
men in attendance. With that thrust that penetrated her cunt,
it was like an electric shock had spread through the entire
group. Men rushed forward. One started stroking his cock over
her tear stained face. In a few short moments her mouth was
being filled by cum from a number of sources. Someone was
pinching and pulling at one of her nipples while another was
slapping the other with his hand.
  The first man to rape Barbara had spent his load and backed
off while another approached to take his place. A hand
slapped across her cheek and moved her head to one side. A
salty taste of blood trickled into her mouth from a split lip
as the new man beat on Barbara's cunt with his dick.
  "Oh, no," she thought through the pain induced haze. "It
can't... AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
  The dick that next filled her vagina was huge. It felt as
though she was being split. She threw herself against her
bonds as the cock was thrust into her, unmercifully.
  Someone bit her tit but was it was almost minor compared to
the pain in her cunt. She bit at the mouth piece and tried to
scream but all that brought was more laughter, as well as
another blow to the face.
  Another load of semen filled her throat and almost choked
her. She coughed hard and thought that she was going to pass
out. The world started to go dark. She felt her inner thighs
become very wet. Was it blood or had the man cum? She coughed
more and tried to will herself to die or at least pass out.
  Hands roughly undid the restraints and she was torn from
the table. In a moment she was placed face down on the table
and was being reattached. The cough was slowly subsiding as
fingers grabbed her by the hair and pulled her head back. A
bucket of cold water was thrown into her face. Her senses
returned as her hair was released. Claw like fingers dug into
her ass cheeks and stretched them apart. Something probed at
her asshole for a moment before slamming it's way insider
her. The pain was unbearable. She was able to scream this
time as her anus was torn by the intruder. She felt her
stomach try to heave as the cock slid up her ass, mixing
blood and shit together in her rectum. A dick appeared before
her face and two hands grasp her ears. The penis was thrust
down her throat, cutting off her air supply. She attempted to
shake her head and dislodge the male organ but it was to no
avail, her head may as well have been encased in a vise. She
lacked the strength and mobility to free it.
  Try to close her mouth only succeeded in bringing more
frustration as the blocks between her molars would give only
a little. After what seemed like an eternity, the salty,
metallic taste of semen touched her taste buds as the ooze
went down her throat. Unfortunately, she also at this moment
was once again brought back to the horrible reality that
someone was depositing a load into her ass.
  As the man who had been buttfucking her withdrew, Barbara
lost control of her bowels. What little waste was in her came
out mixed with blood and semen.
  "Oh, shit! Look at this!" A hand sailed through the air and
slapped her on the cheek hard enough to dislodge the
appartatus which had held her jaws open. Her head hung down
as she felt a warm stream begin to wash over her ass. It
stung slightly. She turned her head and to her disgust she
saw two of the men washing the mixture off her ass and legs
with a stream of piss. It was at that point that she threw
up.
  "Looks like we'll have to clean up your face, too," said a
voice from the crowd. Urine was sprayed on her face as she
retched. Barbara felt broken. She cried as she closed her
eyes. The pissing stopped and a few of the men mumbled too
low for her to hear. Someone giggled and then a number of
them were laughing. Hands undid her restraints but she could
not will her body to move.
  "Just kill me," she thought. "I give up." Her body was
pulled off the table and she was dragged through the hallway
to cell other than the one that she had been removed from.
The men shackled her hands above her to a chain from the
ceiling. ANother man brought in a fire hose and as soon as
the other two were clear, he turned it on.
  The water pressure washed her body clean, but her mind
would never forget what had happened. She felt pain no more.
"What could they possibly do to me now?" she thought to
herself as they released her from the ceiling and pulled her
back to her cell. The door slammed shut and she was alone
again in the darkness.

--
