Archive-name: Violent/caught01.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Caught - 1


   Joining the legions of others who are submitting continuing
'serials' to this board, I add the first chapter of "CAUGHT".
This is the story of a female spy who has been captured by the
enemy and will be undergoing various forms of humilitation and
pain.
  During the planned course she may encounter other prisioners.
If you have any comments, please leave them with the file name
"CaughtXX.zip". Thanks and let me know what you'd like to see.


                                    CAUGHT


                                      ONE


   As she slowly regained her senses, Barbara became aware of
her surroundings. She tried to move, but found that she was
secured to the rafters and the floor by stout nylon
restraints. Even with the years of weight training, she could
not gain even an inch of slack from her bonds. Her arms were
secured together above her head and her legs were pulled
apart, she looked like an upside down "Y". Somewhere along
the line, she had lost her shoes and stockings The floor was
cold under her bare feet.
  Her mind raced back to the last point in time that she
could remember. She had known when she first starting working
as a agent for the "Company" that she might have her cover
"blown" at some point in time. And now she had been found out
and captured by the oldest trick in the book. She should have
been on guard in the bar and been alert to the fact that the
defecting agent that she was meeting might be trying to put
one over on the "Company". But a spiked drink? The thought
had never crossed her mind. She also regretted the fact that
she had not informed her superiors, and hence, she had no
backups.
  From what she could see, there were three floodlamps that
bathed her in a white light, and beyond the glare she could
make out what appeared to be a sturdy looking, oversized
table and chair, as well as two large cabinets. She shook her
head to clear the cobwebs and the drug induced headache that
she was suffering from was reduced. He dark brown hair
swirled around her head as she did so, and then cascade
around her shoulders.
  A door behind her opened but she could not see who was
entering. Footsteps approached and a voice called out, "I see
that you are finally awake. I am pleased to see that the
knock out drops have worn off. Now, we can begin..."
  The man came into view. He was wearing a red jumpsuit that
fit well, allowing her to see that his 6'4" frame was well
toned. A red hood was pulled over his head, allowing her to
see only his eyes, no doubt so that she would never be able
to identify him, if she were released.
  "We can do this easily, or the hard way, whichever you
prefer," he stated as he eyed her 5'7" frame. She had a
beautiful body, he could see. No wonder she was such a
successful agent, he thought as walked up to her. "So what
will it be?"
  Barbara was silent as he circled her, surveying her figure.
She knew that she had received training for the possibility
of torture, but would it be enough?
  "I guess that your lack of response means that I will have
to find out the hard way." He walked over to one of the
cabinets, and opened the door. She heard a drawer slide open
and shortly he reappeared in front of her with a pair of
scissors.
  Without a word he began to snip the buttons off the front
of her blouse. She heard them bounce off the floor as he
pulled the lower part of the blouse from her slacks so as to
be able to reach the lower two buttons.
  With all the buttons now removed, her pulled the fabric
apart to reveal her ample breasts restrained by the white
lace bra. The contrast between the bra and her nicely tanned
skin had always pleased her, as well as those that had been
lucky enough to see it.
  The scissor returned to work on the short sleeves of the
blouse, and across the shoulders to the collar, allowing him
to remove the blouse when he was done. He cast the garment
onto the floor and examined his charge.
  The man knelt at her feet and quickly cut the both legs of
her slacks up the waist. The scissors, she reasoned, must be
very sharp to cut through the material with such ease. As he
made the last snip, her slacks fell to the floor. He tossed
them over with her blouse and stepped back to once again gaze
on her form, now that she was revealing matching white lace
panties.
  "I hope that you reconsider quickly," he stated, looking at
her near nakedness, "as it would be a shame to damage such a
fine form."
  He approached her, and gently caressed the side of her
torso with the scissors. He brought it up to her shoulder and
snipped the strap of her bra with ease. Circling behind, and
slowly moving the shears across her back, he carefully
clipped the other bra strap. More goosebumps formed now that
the chill in the room was allowed unrestricted access to her
flesh.
  With one last snip between her breasts, the bra released
it's captives and fell to the floor. She knew that her
nipples were erect from the temperature and no matter how
hard she willed them, they would not reduce their size.
  "Of course, you realize," he said as he made a circle with
the tip of the scissors around her protruding right nipple,
"that the longer that you refuse to tell us what we want to
know, the less likelihood that you will walk out of here
alive." He repeated his actions around the left nipple. "It
will be most unpleasant, and very slow. I had one girl that
lasted six months. Granted she was almost a vegetable by the
time she died, but she did eventually give us something that
we could use."
  He stepped behind her; she didn't need to look to know that
he was almost reverently clipping the sides of her panties.
First the left side and then the right side. They fell to the
floor where he used his foot to pull them away from the area.
Now she was totally naked, in hands of the enemy. A thin film
of sweat began to envelope her body as he stepped back in
front of her. She was scared.
  "The boss said that at least for the first few hours, I was
to restrain myself in marking you. I think that he wants to
have a little fun with you later on," he stated as he left
her and went to one of the cabinets. "So, for better or
worse, you shall at least initially be spared from the whips.
But then again, the whips are mostly ineffective." He opened
the cabinet and rummaged inside for a few moments. "However,
I was told to apply some less conspicuous restraining
devices, makes you easier to control..." He approached her
and her eyes beheld four wicked looking clips on a tray. Two
had flat jaws, the other two had serrated teeth, but one
thing all four had in common, they appeared to have rather
strong springs.
  "Feel free to scream," he said as he reached behind her
head and grab a bundle of bungee cords which slid forward on
a pulley above her. "This area is rather soundproof, and even
if it wasn't, there is no one around that will pay much
attention to you. In fact, if someone does enter and doesn't
hear a scream or two, they don't think I am doing my job."
  He attached the clips to the cords and now they were
hanging just below her neckline. She had no doubt as to the
purpose, and her body stiffened at the thought.
  Selecting one of the clips with the flat jaw, he pulled the
cord down, stretching the elastic until the clip was just
below her right nipple. He squeezed the clip to open the jaws
and placed it in a position in which when he released it, the
jaws would clamp tightly on the nipple.
  "Are you sure you don't just want to tell me what we want
to know?" he asked. Barbara said nothing. "Have it your way."
  He released the clip slowly, and allowed the pain to build.
Barbara tried to recoil from the spreading fire of the
confinement of her right nipple, but to no avail. When he had
completely allowed the spring to relax, she released a
piercing scream. She threw her head back as tears sprang from
her eyes. It was mashing the nipple almost flat. Then he
released his hold on the bungee cord.
  The elastic pulled her nipple toward the ceiling,
stretching and pulling with great force. Barbara shook her
had from side to side and tried to shake the clamp off, but
was successful only in making her nipple ache all the more.
He stepped back to watch her throes of agony as the metal
compressed the flesh between it's jaws, the nipple trying to
escape the sides of the vise-like grip.
  Within a few minutes, her screams had died down and her
right nipple was beginning to feel very little pain, her mind
blocking it out. That was when their torment began anew with
her left nipple.
  She let out another ear shattering scream as he allowed the
clamp to lift her breast up and as it did, just for the hell
of it, he squeezed the clamp on the right nipple to heighten
the effect.
  As he retreated this time, he quickly jerked on both cords.
The nipples stretched to twice their normal length and her
tits formed a cone shape as the clamps strained to pull her
breasts from her chest.
  Barbara screamed and cried, tears now forming rivers down
her cheeks. It was excutiating. Lovers in the past had
squeezed her tits and bit at her nipples during lovemaking,
but it was never anything like this. Her wrists ached as
well, having tried to free herself from the overhead bonds.
  And then terror flooded her mind once again. She opened her
eyes and saw the second set of clamps, the ones with the
"teeth" hanging before her.
  As the pain dulled, she looked forward to see the man
casually coming toward her. From the look in his eyes, she
could feel him smiling in a diabolical manner. One hand went
to each clip and twisted 90 degrees. Like an electric shock
the pain returned. Barbara tried to arch her back to relieve
the pressure but only succeeded in losing her balance. Had it
not been for the increased tension on her tits, she would
have realized that had her hands not been bound above her,
she might have pulled at the very least, a layer of skin off
her nipples.
  As she regained her footing, the man removed the clips. One
thing that she had not known was the fact that the clips had
cut off the blood supply to her sensitive nipples. Now that
the restriction was removed, the blood coursed back into the
abused tissue and reintroduced her to the pain.
  The man stepped back and examined his prisoner. Her hair
was somewhat matted by the sweat and tears that came
profusely now. Her nipples were red and swollen, but
otherwise undamaged. She glistened with perspiration as she
slowly moaned away the ebbing pain.
  Barbara tried to close her eyes, but found her brain's
morbid curiosity had other plans as the man grasp the other
two clips and pulled them down toward her nipples. Should she
fight it, she questioned herself and found her body already
taking what evasive actions it could to avoid the new
punishment.
  "Still some fighting spirit," sneered the man behind the
mask as he released one of the clips and put his arm around
her waist to steady her. "You are going to be interesting to
break." And with that he allowed the serrated clip to clamp
on her left nipple.
  A new, more intense pain radiated from her breast. She
could not imagine anything feeling worse as her voice flew
open an emitted a new wail. The clamp bit into her flesh and
involuntarily she recoiled again. This caused the clamp to
tighten it's grip. The survival instinct in her trained mind
told her to steady her body rather than risk mutilation. Just
as she thought that she might be able to control herself, the
other clip was applied.
  Barbara now sobbed openly as a minute drop of blood formed
where the clip bit savagely into her flesh. Had she not been
entrusted with the secrets that she knew, and had she known
that her revelations would do no harm, she would have gladly
begun "spilling her guts" at that point, but her information
was of vital importance.  Her cries for help and mercy would
go unanswered, but she knew that this was only the beginning.

--
