Archive-name: Violent/caught03.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Caught - 3


  This is chapter three in the story of the attempt by one
spy agency to get information from an unfortunate female spy.
Comments, etc, are requested. Please upload them in the
following format "CTCYYXXX.ZIP" where YY is the chapter
number and XXX is the comment number.
  Hopefully, chapter four will be out within the next
month (Sep 91). And thanks to everyone that has commented and
sent suggestions so far.


                            CAUGHT

                        Chapter Three


   In her state of unconsciousness, Barbara dreamed that she
was on a peaceful, tropical island with a warm breeze blowing
across her. The sun was high in the sky, it's rays filtered
through a the palm fronds that swayed overhead. She took a
sip of her punch that was contained in a hollowed-out
pineapple. It was all so cliche, so touristy, so...
  The ammonia capsule that had been broken under her nose had
the desired effect. Barbara's eyes fluttered open quickly,
and her eyes rapidly tried to adjust to the light, which was
very bright. From the way that she felt, she deduced that her
captors must have given cleaned her up while she was out, as
her hair was still damp, and the rest of her body, still
completely nude, felt as if it had been cleaned.
  As she became more aware of her surroundings, Barbara  felt
the bonds that restrained her. She was firmly attached to a
heavy metal chair. The chair had provisions for her feet to
be attached to the back legs, and her arms restrained to the
back of the chair, making her breasts stand out. There was a
slight mound in the back of the chair which augmented her
figure by making her arch her back slightly.
  The strangest thing about the chair was the fact that it
had a hole in the seat. At first that was all that she
noticed but as she became more aware, she realized that the
rings that had been placed in her tortured pussy lips after
the 'piercing' were still in place.
  Barbara turned her head and saw the sadistic smile from
under the hood of the man that had given her so much pain
thus far.
  "They have trained you well at the agency," he said as he
stepped around her and began to fondle her left nipple. As it
began to become arouse, something which she tried to will
from happening, it became more and more erect. "It is not
often that one comes along like you who can seemingly pass
out at will." His other hand came forward and attached two
alligator clips to the left nipple. While they were not as
tight as the ones that she had worn earlier, the sensitive
nature of the skin from the abuse cause her to flinch. It was
then that she also noticed that both clips had electrical
wires leading from them.
  He walked around to her other side and started to play with
her right nipple. "I am looking forward to seeing if Allison
is as well trained as you are!"
  As the jaws of the second set of wire connected alligator
clips closed onto the flesh of her right nipple, her mind
went into overdrive. "Surely they couldn't have Allison," she
thought to herself. Allison had started to work at about the
same time that Barbara had, and was about the same age.
Barbara closed her eyes, thinking about the other girl. They
had been almost like sisters. It just couldn't be happening.
  The man could see the questioning look in Barbara's eyes.
"Yes, we have Allison. As we speak she is being brought here
from where we intercepted her. In a few hours, I am sure that
you will be able to see that I am telling the truth. Until
then, well, let's just say that I have something very
interesting planned for you."
  He went over to the drawer and pulled out a long, metallic
dildo which also had an electrical cord running from it. As
he approached Barbara he took a packet of surgical lubricant,
which after he ripped it open, he smeared onto the dildo.
  He crouched next to the chair and maneuvered the dildo
until it was positioned for easy entry into Barbara's gaping
pussy.
  With ease the dildo began the journey into the captive's
twat. In the chair, Barbara's cunt yielded without resistance
to the first eight inches. When the dildo slowed, three
inches still remained.
  The man then pulled on the rings which were threaded
through Barbara's labia lips and attached four clips which
were around the perimeter of the dildo. Now, the desire of
Barbara's pussy lips to return to their original extension
was pulling the dildo deeper into her orifice.
  "This technique is one of my favorites," said the captor as
he connected the wires from the clips on her nipples and the
leads from the dildo to a central box on the floor. He now
took a harness made of leather and fitted it on Barbara's
face so that one portion was under her nose, across her upper
lip, and the other was resting on her forehead. Quickly he
buckled the harness behind her head.
  The harness, in addition to having the two straps that fit
across her face, had two straps that hung down. One was
attached to the chair so as to allow about two inches slack.
As Barbara's head was tilted back she looked up and saw a
group of nozzles hanging above her head.
  "Of course, I am partial to something of my own design,"
said that man, malice in his voice, as he attached the other
strap that hung behind her head to a spring contraption which
was attached to the chair, and the box on the floor.
  "This has many uses. Sometimes the tank is filled with acid
and I drip it onto various body parts. Sometimes it has a
poison in it, sometimes nothing more than hot water. The
choices are endless."
  With almost lightening like moves, the man quickly had
twisted the clip attached to her right nipple. As Barbara
opened her mouth to scream, a gauze covered forcep-like
object had grabbed her tongue and clamped down hard. Her
tongue was pulled out of her mouth and another clamp was
attached. There was little pain, but Barbara knew that this
was not the end of it.
  "Now," he said, as he attached the tongue clamps to another
spring contraption which he fixed to the arms of the chair
and then plugged into the box, "if you want to know, I will
tell you that your head and your tongue are both connected
through a type of resistor to this junction box. If you put a
strain, the box takes the amount of strain which is measured
in the springs, converts it to an electrical output, and
viola!" He reached under the table and she heard a switch
being energized. Immediately she felt a shock violate her
nipples. It was not a heavy shock, but it got her attention.
With that she jerked her tongue back and immediately felt the
dildo in her pussy begin to warm, or was it her imagination?
  "The shocks will get heavier, and the dildo will warm more
with each incident of tension. You have  the ability to avoid
the pain. Just remain motionless." He stood over her and
looked her in the eyes. "Of course, if you want to tell me
what we want to know, I can spare you all this discomfort."
  She wanted to spit in his face, but her present restraints
made that choice impossible.
  "Do you understand the whole idea?" he asked. He took her
head and nodded it down once and then back up. As the jolt of
electricity hit her tits, the dildo temperature crept up a
few more degrees. She held her head still. "How long could
she do this?" she wondered to herself.
  The man reached up and grabbed the nozzles and pulled them
down until they hovered over her mouth. "And, just in case
you need some motivation, I have provided a little." He
touched a button on the side of the nozzle housing and she
heard a small pump start to spin. "Enjoy."
  A small drop of something appeared at the end of one of the
nozzles and grew in size. It looked red in color, but Barbara
had no idea of the purpose or composition of the drop until
it became too big to continue hanging on and fell onto her
outstretched tongue.
  "Tabasco!" raced through her mind as she unthinkingly
jerked her head and tried to close her mouth.
  An uncomfortable jolt hit one tit and then the other
followed by a noticeable increase in the temperature in the
"pussy probe".
  Her eyes began to water as a drop began to form at another
nozzle. Barbara tried to spoil the aim by moving her head
slightly and only succeeded in giving her tits a shock and
getting the drop up her nose.
  The burning in her nose as the hot sauce course along the
nasal passages was almost unbearable. From years of training
came the ability to will her head steady as yet another drop
formed and then fell toward her outstretched tongue.
  This drop hit on the side of her tongue and left a trail of
liquid fire as it followed her tongue into her mouth and
dissipated in her mouth.
  Barbara longed for a drink of water, anything, to kill the
intense heat that was continuing in her mouth and nose.
  Another drop fell... Barbara gagged and felt the intruder
in her cunt warm again. She was now aware that it had slid
into her vagina to it's full depth and was reaching an almost
painful level of heat.
  Three more drops fell, this time all together. They hit
Barbara's tongue with a fury. Barbara's mouth felt as if
someone had poured a molten metal into it.
  Her will to steady her head melted as she shook against the
connections. Four quick shocks coursed through her breasts.
She was sure that they would explode if they got much more.
She also knew enough about medical theory to know that much
more and she would be risking serious consequences to her
heart, not that that bothered her captors.
  What was worse was the dildo was now getting very hot. She
tried to squirm to get away but only succeeded in getting
another shock to her tits, and another rise in her nether
reaches.
  She tried to scream, shout, or moan, but nothing came out.
He breasts ached like they were being attacked by bees, and
her pussy was in flames, of this she was sure.
  More drops fell from the nozzle above her mouth, and more
shocks pierced through her nipples. Through a haze which was
starting to fog across her brain, Barbara felt, or saw, the
torturer turn off the nozzles. A whiff of burning flesh and
hair assaulted her nose as he turned off the box and released
her head.
  Barbara knew she could not have taken much more, but what
he said frightened her more than anything she had ever heard.
  "Leslie just got here with Allison."

--
