Archive-name: Violent/caught06.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Caught - 6


     In response to a request that anybody who would like to continue the 
"CAUGHT" series do so, I am submitting this 6th installment.  It is my first 
attempt at fiction and I hope everyone enjoys it.  If you have any comments,
suggestions, requests, etc.  Please leave them to "Discrete" in the e-mail
section.  Thank you.

                               CAUGHT

                             Chapter Six


     As the two men lifted Allison's lifeless body from the tank I started to
shake uncontrollably.  I could hear my pee dripping on the floor and I could
feel my bowels releasing their burden.  Leslie noticed this with surprise and
said "Oh...that's what I like to see, now you are getting an idea of what it
means to work against us".  To my surprise, she very gently removed the hooks
from my tits by pushing them out the other side and cutting the barbs with a
wire cutter.  Leslie ordered the two men to take Allison to the preparation
area.  Now I was given an injection and leslie said "good night...see you
tomorrow".
     When the sleep drug wore off, I awoke with a shot and noticed the red
ceiling with golden dragon designs.  I tried to move but my wrists and ankles
were securely bound to steel clamps on a wooden table.  In the background I
could hear the very subtle tones of Chinese Classical Opera music.  To my great
surprise I noticed that I was fully dressed in a silken gown.  As I looked at
my arms I noticed that oil had been applied to them.  My hair had apparently
been combed, oiled, and braided into two pigtails hanging over each shoulder
and tied at the ends with a pink ribbon.
     After what seemed like hours, I heard the doorknob turn and as the door
squeaked open Leslie appeared and came over to me.  "Hello, I see that you
finally woke up.  Remember that I told you that I have some more in store for
you?  On your last mission in the Peoples Republic of China you killed a man
named Jin Lin.  I want you to meet his widow, Yu Lin, come in honey".  I heard
footsteps and then a very petite little girl stood staring me in the face.  She
was dressed in a blue silk robe with a silver flower design and her hair was
tied up in a bun with a long gold pin through it.  She was trembling and tears
were flowing down her eyes.  "Is this the woman who killed my husband"?  "Yes
Yu Lin...it is".  Leslie told me that there was no more they could do to me, I
had talked, and any more of their brand of punishment would surely kill me.  So
now she was going to turn me over to Yu Lin.  She said that Yu Lin had felt
deep torment these many months since I had deprived her of her husband and she
was sure that Yu Lin would see to it that I met my proper end.  With
that...Leslie left the room.
     Yu Lin looked at me and said "You can't imagine the torture and anguish I
have gone through in the past months without my husband, it's your fault and I
will make you pay.  If you think what Leslie put you through in the past few
days was rough, then you are in for a very great surprise.  The Agency turned
you over to me to do with as I please, and I will!!!  You have been brutalized
in severe ways for the last few days, that is not the way I will revenge my
husband.  I want you to suffer the anguish I have had to endure for the many
months past.  As an oriental woman, I know how to exact revenge in ways that
will humiliate you and cause you wish that you were dead.  My methods are not
especially painful but are rather...let me say lingering...The Agency taught
you to take pain, but not what I am going to make you endure".
     Yu Lin now bowed and then walked over to the wall and turned a dial and
raised the volume of the Chinese music.  She came over to me and started
stroking my hair ever so gently.  Yu Lin licked her fingers and started to rub
them across my lips.  I was quite shocked when she lay down on top of me and
squeezed her lips against mine.  Her tongue reached deep into my mouth and she
ground her pelvic bone against my sore pussy.  I had been hurt so much in the
last few day that I welcomed this sudden affection and let my tongue explore
her throat.  The pain hit me like a rifle shot, she bit down hard on my
extended tongue and rocked back and forth as she pulled my tongue out and up. 
She let go of my tongue and said "Now you know what I felt like after you
killed my man...you bitch!!!"  Yu Lin now told me to stick out my tongue...I
didn't do it...The next thing I felt was the pain of the slap across my face. 
I saw a bright flash and felt the burning, I stuck my tongue out.  She gripped
my tongue with a pair of vice grips and inserted a large safety pin through it
and into my upper lip.  "Now sleep like that and think about what I will to do
to you tomorrow".  Thank god she removed the vice grips from my tongue.
     I don't know how I slept, but when I finally awoke Yu Lin was sitting on
the floor with pair of pliers in her hand.  She said that she wanted to remove
the safety pin from my tongue and lip.  She grabbed the pin and yanked it out
of my mouth.  Luckily it opened under the pressure, otherwise it would have
ripped my upper lip and tongue to shreds.  I felt the blood drip down my lip
and into my mouth.  Out of instinct I drank it and lipped my lips until it
stopped.  Yu Lin said "Are you thirsty?...Well I think I have just what you
need".  She left the room and came back with a funnel and a roll of duct tape. 
"Open your mouth bitch!!!"  I hesitated and received a swift punch in the
belly.  I opened my mouth and Yu Lin stuffed the funnel deep into my throat
until my lips were spread wide apart around it.  Then she taped the funnel to
my lips to secure it.  Now she knelled in front of me and said that I would
have to drink all of her pee.  This would be part of my humiliation and if I
didn't drink it all down fast, I would choke.  With this, Yu Lin knelled in
front of me and untied the silk strap around her robe.  She opened her robe to
reveal her glistening pussy hairs, a perfect triangle of silken black hair. 
She positioned herself above the funnel and pinched off my nose with her
fingers and said "Now I am going to let myself go, remember to drink it all
down or you will surely choke".  I felt the rush of her pee in my throat and I
began to swallow, it was all I could do to keep up with her flow.  I felt the
sting of her urine as it backed up into my nose.  In my panic I gulped it down
faster, just when I thought I couldn't keep it up any longer, her flow slowed
down and then came in sporadic spurts.  She raised off the funnel and closed
her robe.  Then she reached down and ripped off the tape around the funnel and
pulled it out of my mouth.  "Well how did you like drinking my pee?  You are
the woman who killed my husband and I want to make you suffer.  I hope you
enjoyed my pee, there is plenty more where that came from!!!"  Now she pushed a
force feeder into my mouth and tied it in place with a velcro strap around the
back of my head.  Yu Lin pushed her fingers down my throat until I gagged and
threw up all over the table.  "Ah...you very messy woman aren't you?"  She
sponged the mess into a bowl and poured it back down the force feeder, I had to
swallow it all again.  Yu Lin asked me "When was the last time you ate?"  I
told her it had been about 3 days.  "Ah then you must be hungry, I have a
special treat for you".  She grabbed a bowl from the dresser and placed it on
the floor.  Then she squatted over it and started rubbing her belly as she
closed her eyes and let out a couple of moans.  I heard the shit hit the bowl
with a thump...thump...thump...  She picked up the bowl and came over to me and
started to stuff the contents into the force feeder tube with her fingers. 
"Swallow it you bitch!!!, you deserve it for killing my man"  I felt the bitter
shit being stuffed into my mouth but I wouldn't swallow, the thought repulsed
me.  When Yu Lin couldn't stuff any more in the force feeder, she said "Ah, you
resist my punishment"  Then she pinched off my nose so I couldn't breathe and
told me I would suffocate in about 3 min if I didn't swallow it all.  I
panicked and swallowed in order to breathe.  It was very bitter but I ate it
all.  She now removed the force feeder and turned around and told me to lick
her ass clean.  After what I have just been through, this was no problem.  As I
licked her asshole I noticed that she was gyrating around...did she really
enjoy this?...She told me to stick my tongue all the way up and rotate it
around.  After awhile she lifted up and looked at me.  "I am going to make you
really suffer for what you did to my husband...you bitch!!!  We have all the
time in the world and I am going to take my time humiliating and torturing you. 
Today I worked a little on your mouth, tomorrow I will start in another place". 
     The next day I was awaken by two men untying me.  Yu Lin was giving then
directions in Chinese.  I didn't know what she was saying but she looked very
proud of herself and had a big smile on her face.  The men stripped the robe
off me and hoisted me up by my ankles.  I was suspended upside down from the
ceiling by two chains and ankle straps.  My legs were spread about three feet
apart and I was totally naked and helpless.  Yu Lin dismissed the men and then
just stood there staring at me with that smile on her face.  She said...I
thought all night about what I wanted to do to a bitch like you, I still not
sure...but I try something you maybe no like.  She walked over to me and
started to swing me back and forth.  As I swung toward her she came up with a
vicious punch in my belly.  The wind was completely knocked out of me and my
eyes were tearing.  She grabbed a bamboo cane and brought down right in the
crack of my pussy.  ...How that feel, good?...I could hardly hear her over my
own screams.  Next she threaded the cane through the four rings that were still
piercing my pussy lips.  ...Now we play little game, ok?...Yu Lin started
turning the cane ever so slowly.  I felt the pain as the four rings were
twisting my pussy into a bundle.  Just when I thought that the rings were going
to rip through the flesh, she stopped and tied the cane ends to both my legs. 
She opened a long box and selected one of the 2 foot long acupuncture needles. 
She took the needle and ran it through the bundle of flesh that used to be my
pussy.  After she pushed it through about 18" she bent the flexible needle into
a U shape and rammed it into my asshole.  ...Ah, that look so good, I think I
like playing with you.  Now have other needles to try...Next she took a pair of
handcuffs and tightened them around the base of my breasts.  My tits were
bulging out like balloons.  Yu Lin took another acupuncture needle and ran it
through my right breast and then into and through my left breast.  Now she
reversed the procedure and started from the left side.  Three more needles were
inserted into and through each ass cheek.  ...Oh my, you look so pretty now
with all your decorations, I think you should dance for me...She took two wires
with alligator clips on one end and attached one of them to a needle in my
breast and the other to the needle stuck up my asshole.  I stared in horror as
I watched her plug the other end into the wall outlet.  The room shook
violently and then darkened into blackness.  A brilliant flash of light awoke
me, my ears were ringing from the slap across my face.  Yu Lin stared at me and
said ...You dance very pretty upside down, I had really good time watching
you...She reached over with her long sharp nails and pinched one of my nipples. 
Yu Lin kept grinding the nipple between her razor sharp fingernails until they
started to bleed.  Now she put my nipple in her mouth and stared to suck and
lick the blood up.  She removed her mouth and squeezed the tit until the blood
started to drip across my breast then she smeared it all over my chest and
stepped back to admire her work.  ...You look so good like that, I dreamed
about this day, now it has become a reality for me, I think I can do even
better...  Yu Lin went over to the dresser and returned with a scalpel.  She
grabbed my already bruised nipple and promptly sliced it off.  I stared in
horror as the blood gushed out and sprayed out all over her face.  She picked
up a clothes iron and pushed it up against the hole where my nipple used to be. 
I could hear and smell the flesh burning as he cauterized the wound shut.  Just
before I passed out I caught a glimpse of the smoke rising from the seared
flesh.

--
