A Christmas Carol

Thirteen year-old Charles had often been called a dreamer by his class
mates at school. It was true that on many occasions he had been in
trouble with one master or another for day dreaming and not paying
attention in class. Several times he'd been punished for not listening.
One master had taken his shorts and underpants down in front of the
class and spanked his bare bottom for lack of attention.

Now, however he couldn't sleep very well much less dream as he lay
in bed on Christmas Eve, waiting for Christmas morning to come and
all the exciting events after Santa's visit to the Christmas Tree. He
closed his eyes once more and started to count reindeer, a change from
sheep he thought...............

Suddenly Charles became aware that he was feeling rather cold and
opened his eyes to find that he was dressed in his school uniform,
grey corduroy shorts, grey shirt, knee length socks with the maroon
and grey stripes at the top, school tie and blazer, similarly coloured,
and he could feel the comfort of his white underpants. Around him
was standing in a landscape of snow and in the distance a bright light
shone from what looked like a house. He trod a route to the only sign
of life that he could see. It took Charles about ten minutes to reach
what he thought was going to be a source of warmth.

Upon arrival at the building he decided that caution was best and first
went to a window and peeped in to see what was going on. He could
see a man dressed in red with white trimming around the edges of his
cloak, who bore a white beard. It was of course a sight he'd seen
before on many a Christmas card and in many of the shops in the
town he'd seen cardboard cut outs of the man. He remembered the
occasions when younger he'd been taken by his parents to visit Santa
Claus. This was a sight to behold for young Charles, who recently had
begun to be of the opinion that Santa Claus was a myth and that "be
a good boy otherwise Santa would not visit at Christmas" was a plot
by his parents, and others, to encourage him to be good, something
that Charles found very difficult. He stood there rubbing his bottom
as if in acknowledgement of the fact that his bottom knew the results
of being naughty. Charles was about to have all his recent doubts
challenged.

As he looked into the window in fascination as to what the bearded
man was up to he became aware of someone behind him, and a tap on
his shoulder. As he looked round he saw another man dressed in old
fashioned dress and looking very stern...
"What, are you doing here Boy, why are you watching Santa working,
where are you from?"
said the man.
"I, er -I-am, not sure, Sir," Charles responded looking extremely
frightened and unsure of what to say or do.
The man grabbed hold of Charles by his ear and led the Boy
squirming towards the door. He knocked and from inside came the
firm and loud shout "Enter".
The man turned the handle and led Charles in and across the room
where Santa was now sitting down and drinking a mug of hot drinking
chocolate. "Well, hello Charles, I've been expecting you" he said with
a smile on his face looking the boy up and down and surveying the
clothes Charles was wearing. "Bring him closer".
The man led the boy to the side of the chair. "I don't know what he's
doing here Master but he's been watching you from the window and
he doesn't seem to know why he's here."
or even where he comes from. "I know and I've been expecting him."
Charles was dumb struck by these events. How did Santa know who
he was, and why was he expecting him. He had a distinct uneasy
feeling.

Charles was now very close to Santa and looking into the man's eyes
couldn't decide whether there was a look of kindness or his own eyes
were deceiving him. Close to the fireplace stood a veryxrge Christmas
Tree with presents wrapped in coloured paper round it. He noticed that
on one of the branches there was some parchment tied with string.

"Charles", said Santa "I've had a long letter about you from your
father. Yes, that's how I know all about you and I must say that the
sorry tale of your behaviour during the last year leaves me a little
amazed that a boy could be so naughty." The man looked at the tree
and pointed to the piece of parchment. "That parchment is why you're
here young man, it contains a list of your misdemeanours over the last
year and a list of the appropriate presents from me.

Charles looked at where Santa had pointed and knew right away that
his worse fears were about to come true. He spoke. "But, sir,
everything that I've done I've been punished for
by my father and ..."

"Yes, I know" said Santa "But you see when I get a letter from a
parent about their naughty boys I feel obliged to repeat their
punishments before I deliver their Christmas presents. Put another way
they get advance presents no other boys get."

"Charles if you would kindly go to the tree and bring me the
parchment we can begin to get down to the bottom of things. When
you have got the parchment just go and stand in that corner there."
The man pointed to a corner of the room. "And wait there until I call
you over to me. It will give you time to think about your behaviour."

Charles slowly walked over to the tree and removed the item as
requested. At the base of the tree viewed the parcels, wondering as he
did so what was in them. Train sets, Kites, Model soldiers, games, he
thought of all the sorts of things that he usually got for Christmas.
Having secured the parchment in his hand he went and stood as told
in the corner a position he knew all about he was frequently sent there
at school and at home.

Whilst there he heard Santa tell his helper that he wouldn't be needed
for a while and sent him off to have his supper. Charles spent about
10 minutes standing with his back to the room wondering what was
in the piece of paper he was holding, he was tempted at one point to
see if he could read the contents but decided against it.

"Charles, you may turn around and face me," said Santa. 

The boy turned round with his head bowed.

"You've been a very naughty boy during the year and now it's time for
you to pay a very special price for your failure to learn your lesson."
The man spoke firmly and watched the boys reaction. He went on.
"Now you may open the list that you're holding."

Charles slowly opened the piece of paper and looked at the list before
him which read....


"Well," said Santa "It doesn't make good reading does it Boy" he
pointed at the list.

"No, Sir, but what does the colour of the present mean, Sir?" the boy
said shuffling his feet nervously.

"As you will see under the Christmas Tree there are lots of presents
each one has a different colour wrapping round it; they correspond
with the list that you have, and there is more than one of each,
because I am expecting other naughty boys later on. But now I have
your misbehaviour to deal with."

"But number six on the list says, 'Santa's Choice', Sir, with no colour
by it so what does that mean?"

"That, my Boy, means exactly what it says as you will indeed find out
in time." Santa said with a large smile on his face. "Now we will
begin your present giving. Go to the tree and select your first present
and then bring it over to me, but, don't read the label."

"Yes, Sir." said Charles and went over to the tree and selected the
'Gold' present. It was in a box so the lad had no idea what was in it,
when he took it to Santa.

"Charles, you may open your first present; put the label on the table
next to me." The Boy did as he was told and slowly opened the Gold
package.

"Oh dear," said the Boy as he took out a very supple looking slipper.
It reminded him of the bedroom slipper his father used on him.

"You may now read the contents of the card out loud."

Charles picked up the card and read; "18 strokes, touching toes, over
grey school shorts." The lad sighed as he read the fate that awaited
him.

"Right ,Boy," said Santa " Pass me the slipper, Bend over and touch
your toes, right over now and make sure that your bottoms well out
and ready to receive your present."

Charles did as he was bid, the man moved towards him, lifted the tail
of the boys blazer and ran his hands across the lads bottom, smoothing
the material to make sure he had a good measure of the area of
punishment. "Now, don't move from that position until you are told."
He moved away from the target and began Charles's first gift.

Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! The first six
were given with speed and produced very loud sounds both from the
boys tight shorts and from the lad's lips... "Ohhhhhhhhhh ,Sir,that
hurts."

"It's meant too lad, no good beating a boy, unless he feels it." and
with that Santa continued the Boy's punishment laying on that slipper
with all his might. Not sparing Charles his deserved chastisement
during the 18 strokes. "Now lad you may get up and return to your
corner to think about your next choice of present."

Charles did as instructed, gingerly rubbing his bottom as he did so, he
looked at the Christmas Tree as he passed it and eyed the presents
underneath it. Which, and what he though will be next. He stood in
his appointed corner for 10 minutes before being directed once more
to choose.

The lad picked the Green Present next and as before laid the card on
the table and opened the packaging. Inside the box he found a three
tailed tawse made of brown leather. He'd never been beaten with such
an instrument before and was very apprehensive. As before he read
from the card "10 strokes, underpants, over two stools, Sir."

With that announcement Santa moved to a door and disappeared for
a few moments returning with two high stools and two pillows he
placed the stools in the middle of the room making sure that he had
room to move around them and too swing the tawse effectively.
"Right, my boy come, over here, hand me the tawse, remove your
blazer and shorts, fold them neatly and put them on the chair. Then
get up and across the two stools.

Charles prepared himself for the present to come. He got up and was
suddenly aware of just how exposed he now was lying across the
stools. Santa went up to him and pulled his legs apart slightly to
ensure that his bottom cheeks were well spread across the seat of one
of the stools. The man once again smoothed his hands across the lads
backside and could feel a definite warmth radiating through the thin
underpants, he had clearly made some impact with the slippering. He
patted the lads bottom and went to one side. " Thwack! " he tawsed
the prostrate lad and went to the other side " Thwack! " 

"Owwww, Sir," came a plaintiff cry "That hurts, Sir."

"So it will my Boy and there's still 8 strokes to come" with that he
continued to deliver the punishment presents to Charles, making sure
that he swopped sides after each stroke timing them as best he could
to allow each to make it's mark. The lad squirmed and gave distressful
noises throughout his beating. When it was over he was once more
sent to the corner to think about his next choice. Santa left the stools
where they were he had a feeling that they would be required once
more.

Charles stood feeling a distinct warm and smarting feeling in his
young bottom and wondering with anxious sighs, what could be next.
All those parcels and all those nasty implements of punishment in
them. Life was so unfair.

At last that familiar instruction to select his next offering. Once more
the Boy trundled across the room to the Tree, it seemed that the tree
lights had taken a misty glow or was it just that the slight tears in his
eyes were making them appear that way. Inside the Yellow present he
found a large, long handled, bath brush with a fair sized head. He read
from the card once more and doing so, almost cried out a plea of
mercy, but stopped himself, he had to be brave. " 12 Strokes, Bare
Bottom, 'Wheel Barrow Position', Sir."

"Oh, dear, oh, dear,." responded Santa, "I think you're going to have
a very sore bottom after this. Hand me the brush and follow me."
Santa sat down on a strange looking seat
and arranged the two pillows which he'd retrieved from the stools, on
the floor before him. He motioned the now very sad looking Charles
to his side and slowly pulled the boys underpants down to his ankles
and instructed him to step out of them. The man threw the garment on
to the pillows. He then took hold of the Boy's hand and positioned
him so that his full back view was before him. "Now Charles kneel on
the floor." The boy did so and the next he knew his legs where being
pulled up off the floor so that his chest was on the pillows, straddled
and his legs around Santa's waist, thus leaving him very vulnerable to
the power of the bathbrush. Santa had used this position many times
before for naughty boys and with many different instruments
successfully. Charles was helpless. Santa rubbed the boy's bottom and
examined the marks that were now present after the first two presents,
distinctive marks could be seen from the tails of the tawse, a very
satisfying result. He rubbed the boys naked buttocks. "Now, 12
strokes, my lad. This time you will count them, is that clear? " 

"Yes, Sir," said Charles and waited with baited breath for the first.

" Crash!, " the first stroke to the left cheek. " Ouch!, One, Sir."

" Crash!, " the second to the right cheek. "Owwwwwwwww, Two,
Sir."

" Crash!," The third across both the boy's whole bottom. " Ahhhhh,
Three, Sir."

Santa took a little pity on the boy and allowed him a little while to
recover from the first set, he rubbed the boys bottom as if in
sympathy. Then he began again...

" Crash! " the fourth stroke to the right cheek
"OWWWWWWWWWWW, four, Sir." a slight sob from Charles
confirmed that Santa was at last getting through. followed very quickly
by the fifth stroke to the left cheek.

" Crash!"  "Arrrrrghhhh, Five S-Sir." Charles arched his back a little
and wriggled his bottom.

" Crash! " "S-ixxx, Sir, ohhhhhhhhh"

The next 4 were given in rapid succession, Charles had little time
between each stroke to count the number of the individual stokes and
at the end of them Santa had to stop for a while to allow the boy to
recover.

" Crash! "  "Elev-en, Sir." Given across both cheeks.

" Crash! " " Twelve, Sir," a repeat stroke. The boys bottom was well
marked and brilliantly red after his punishment. Santa rubbed the boys
bottom and eased him out of the position, he took hold of Charles's
ear and led him to his corner. "Bend over Charles, and put your hands
on your knees, I need time to inspect my work." Charles slowly bent
over and remained in that position.

Santa sat on his armchair which he had placed in a suitable position
to allow a full and unincumbered view of the boy's backside. He was
very pleased with his work thus far. Although Charles had found the
punishments difficult he was in fact bearing up well.
"Right, Charles you may stand up, turn round and face me." Charles
did as he was requested, looking very sorry for himself and thinking
that you should have behaved a lot better during the last year. "You
may go to the Tree and select your next gift, the Red present I
believe."

"Yes, Sir." said the boy as he walked gingerly over to the Tree. He
picked up the 'Red' present and returned to his position in front of
Santa. He opened the parcel and took out of the box a very harsh
looking Strap of the like he's never seen before, he looked
questioningly at Santa.

"Ah" said Santa "the American Razor Strop, a punishment strap used
frequently in America, that is there because I'm expecting a very
naughty American Boy later, is name is Tommy you may know him.
No matter, I'm sure he'll find it just as difficult as you're going too."

With that Charles picked up the card that went with the present and
read, hoping that some of his clothes, preferably all of them would
offer some protection. he sighed as he read 
" 9 Strokes, Underpants, Over stools, Sir."
"You may put your underpants back on Charles."

Charles went over to the chair and slowly eased his underpants over
his bottom, taking the opportunity to have a feel at his very hot
backside. Whilst he was doing this Santa had returned the stools and
the pillows into the same position as before. "Right, my Boy get back
into position." Once in position, Santa set about arranging the boy
again so that the best attention could be paid to his underpants clad
buttocks. He gave the boy a friendly slap. "No need to count this
time." He raised the strop over his right shoulder and let it slap down
hard across the boy's bottom covering both cheeks. Charles gripped the
rungs of the stool firmly and buried his mouth into the pillow. He had
learnt that generally speaking making noises of agony didn't work with
Santa. This strategy went well, so he thought until the 6th stroke and
then a new pain seemed to catch the left cheek of his bottom 

"Yowwww" he cried as he felt a searing pain on the left upper cheek
he looked round to see that Santa had changed his position and had in
fact brought the strop down to cover a point from about an inch below
the point where back and bottom are joined. He turned back to his
previous position and waited. " Ohhh, ahhhh" as the seventh was
repeated in the same fashion this time covering his right cheek. This
method went on until all nine strokes had been delivered. Charles then
made an error he let his hand wander to his bottom and gave his right
cheek a rub.

"You're a very naughty boy rubbing your bottom without permission.
Now get off the stools and come over here." Charles sighed, carefully
got down and followed. Santa put his left leg up on a small stool and
pulled the boy towards him and across his knee. "Now, Charles for
daring to rub your bottom in my sight I am going to give your legs a
good smacking."

"Please, Sir, I'm sorry, please don't smack my legs." The plea feel on
deaf ears and the man proceeded. Six very hard smacks were delivered
to each leg in succession. Charles wriggled and cried out after each
smack and his legs were smarting and very red. It had been a long
time since he was treated like a very small boy. He remembered the
time his English teacher had done so at Prep school when he's spelt
the word 'Embarrassed' wrongly. He certainly found the whole process
then very embarrassing and nothing had changed. He was sent back
once more to his corner.

The penultimate gift was very strange indeed, he picked up the Blue
parcel and was somewhat shocked at its size. It was a box no more
than 3" square, wrapped of course in blue wrapping paper. Charles
speculated as to its contents and was no clearer when he took out what
appeared to be a badge it bore the emblem '31'. "What is this, Sir" and
"are you going to pin it too my bottom, Sir." He regretted his attempt
at humour.

"After all the punishment you've had so far, you seem to have learnt
nothing, well we'll see about that later."  Santa walked over to the boy.
"If you would care to turn the badge so that the 3 is on the bottom of
the emblem and the 1 over the top you will perhaps be able to see the
whole thing in a different perspective." He glared at the boy. Charles
shook his head. "Naughty boys at some point in there lives usually end
up in that position, the 3 is your bottom the 1 is my cane, now do you
understand?"

Charles gulped a reply. "Yes,.... Sir, my present is a caning". And with
that he read from the card, fearing the worse. "12 strokes, touching
toes, Grey shorts, Sir." Well at least he thought I will be protected.

"Now if you would go to the tree, you'll find, hanging on a branch,
round the back a cane, bring it to me."

Charles found the implement which he hadn't noticed before and he
didn't like the look of it one bit. It was worse looking than anything
he's seen or felt before. It felt very pliable with a crooked handle and
about 4ft long and he was sure that although he'd have the protection
of his shorts it was going to hurt lots. He wasn't wrong.

"You may put your shorts back on and then go back to your corner
and wait."

Charles stood in the corner for about 15 minutes dreading what was
about to come. He'd had the cane quite recently at school, but that was
with a junior cane nothing like the implement he'd just handed over to
his current chastiser.

"Right boy, take three steps back from the wall and bend over and
touch your toes." Charles carefully did as he was told, bending over
he felt the soreness of all his previous presents as the cloth of his
corduroy shorts tighten around his bottom. " You will count each
stroke with the response 'One,thank-you, Santa' and so on, do you
understand"

"Yes, Sir," said the boy sadly. He then heard the swishing of the cane
as Santa prepared to beat him. " Swoosh! "  The first landed in the
middle of his bottom "One, thank-you, Santa." " Swish! "  "Thwack!
"  landing just above the first " Two, Thank-you, Santa."  "Thwack!"
landing just below the first "Three, thank-you, Santa." The beater took
a little walk and sized up his work thus far, he could see the distinct
marks of where the cane had landed on the boys shorts. A delightful
sight. " Swish! Thwock! " this one caught the boy just in the crease
and he responded in agony "Owwwwww, Ohhhhhhhh, "Four, thank-
you, Santa. A pleasing sound the man thought. The fifth and sixth
were delivered with very careful aim making sure that each stroke
landed in different places. The marks of the caning over the shorts
were very vivid, Santa wondered what the view was like underneath.
He was about to find out and Charles was about to pay the price for
his attempt at humour earlier on. 

"Stand up, Charles." The boy stood. "Now take down your shorts." he
unfastened the clasp and unzipped then and slid them down to his
ankles. "And your underpants." Charles's worse fears were about to be
realised and he slid his underpants down to join his shorts. "Get back
into position, Boy." He bent over once again sighing heavily in the
process. "The reason you are now getting a bare bottom caning is
because of your cheeky attempt at humour earlier, this may teach you
a lesson." Charles said nothing but waited for the seventh stroke. Santa
swished the cane once more as he assessed the boys bottom and he
could clearly see the marks of the caning given over the boy's shorts.
he took careful aim. " Swish! Crack! " he repeated the first stroke
hitting the boy right on target. "Owwwwwwwwwwww, Seven, thank-
you, Santa." Eight and nine followed the same route as two and three.
Santa once more took a walk around inspecting his work, swishing the
cane as he did so. " Swosh! Crack! "  "Ohhhhh, Ahhhhhhh,
Owwwwwww, " Te-n, Thank-you, Santa." and immediately Santa
delivered the next two strokes in succession to follow the last, "
Swish! Crack! "  "Ouchhhhh! Hmmmmmmm! Ele-ven, thank-you,
Santa."  " Swosh! Crash! " "Mmmmmmmmmmm! Ouchhhhhhh!
Tw-elv-e, thank-you, Santa." Charles was now sighing heavily and
was clearly feeling his present. 

"You may now return to your corner and await my special present."
Charles shuffled over to his corner with his shorts and underpants
around his ankles, rubbing his eyes as he did so. 

The caning had hurt a lot and he was wondering with trepidation what
Santa's gift would be. He was sure somehow that he would believe in
Santa afterwards. He was aware of some movement behind him and
the next he knew Santa had taken hold of his ear and was slowly
moving him towards a high backed dining chair. On it was a parcel of
Silver. Santa sat down on the chair and passed him the present. "Now,
Charles, not believing in me is a very serious matter. You have taken
all your presents well, up to now, but, it's my duty to ensure that all
boys have faith in the fact that if they're naughty they get no nice
presents, until of course they've paid their price for being bad. You
may open my gift to you."

Charles, lived in hope that the package held something nice for him,
but was disappointed for it contained a very nasty looking piece of
wood made into a square shape of a 'Butter Pat with ridges on one
side. Oh dear, he thought this looks as though it's going to hurt. He
handed the implement to Santa and read from the card. " Spanking
with hand and Butter Pat, across santa's knee, bare bottom, at
Santa's pleasure."

Santa then took Charles once more by his ear and placed him across
his knee making sure that the boy's bottom was in a good position for
the spanking to come. Charles, You will now realise that Santa does
exist and that he's quite capable of giving naughty boys the presents
they deserve."

"Yes, Santa, I'm very, very, sorry Sir!" and with that Santa proceeded
to spank Charles's bottom first with his hand reigning spanks all over
the boys bottom smacking harder when he felt the boy wasn't
responding with sufficient squirms and yelps of pain, up and down he
went and must have given the lads bottom at least 200 spanks. Then
with relish he repeated the whole exercise with the Butter Pat,
swooping the sides from the rigged side to the smooth side covering
every inch of the very red and well marked backside. Charles was in
tears at the end of it and welcomed the opportunity to sit on Santa's
lap afterwards and get the cuddle that he remembered the last time he
visited him in the department store. He was tempted to pull his beard
at one stage, to see if it was real, but thought better of it. " Santa." he
said, I will always believe in you in the future and I will try and be
a good boy in future."

"You see that you do, because I can always arrange for a return visit
next year."..............

Suddenly Charles felt very warm indeed, and he woke up with a start!
He looked towards the end of his bed and saw that his stocking had
been filled with goodies. He looked at the clock at the side of his bed.
He thought for a moment and was aware that he'd been dreaming, he
couldn't remember all of it but he knew that it was mostly nasty. He
jumped up only to find with some surprise that his pyjamas bottoms
were around his ankles, strange he thought as he pulled them up and
felt a distinct warm feeling from his bottom. thinking nothing more of
it he went to the foot of his bed and emptied the contents on his bed.
There was lots of nice things, Nuts, an orange, an apple, sweets, bits
and pieces of toys and stocking fillers. Suddenly a very small package
wrapped in silver paper caught his eye. He quickly opened it and
inside he found a badge it bore the emblem '31', he picked up the card
that was with it and read,

'Be a good boy next year and always believe in Santa, be careful
where you pin the badge '. 

Love Santa Claus! 

Charles closed his eyes and pondered!!!!
