
Warning : The text you are about to read is designed to be enjoyed by adults
only! If you are not over the age of 18, do not read this text, as it might
do irreparable harm to your sexual psyche and curl your toenails backwards.
Also, if you are a male, your cock will wilt and drop off in gym class, and
if you are a female, you will grow a noticeable mustache. Be warned!
×××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××××


                             The Cum Drinkers


     Kate and Linda were sitting at Kate's small dinette table one summer
morning, discussing the neighborhood gossip and local news. Their husbands
were out playing golf, and as was their wont, Kate and Linda got together to
chat, shop and generally goof off. Each was wearing short shorts and a light
blouse, as the summer weather was quite warm.

     "I tell ya, honey, that husband of mine is a real dud in bed sometimes.
I dress sexy for him and talk sexy, and all he wants to do is shove it in me,
jerk a few times, come, and roll over and fall asleep. I really do miss the
wild times I used to have when I was younger, you know?" said Linda as she
slowly sipped at the cup of coffee in her hands.

     "Exactly. I mean, I love Roger dearly, and wouldn't really want to spend
my life with any other man, but jeeezus, I do get HORNY once in a while."
Kate responded. "What's the sexiest thing you've ever done, Lin?" she asked
almost shyly.

     Linda looked at her for a few minutes, gauging the depths of the other
woman's sensitivities. She swallowed the sip of warm coffee in her mouth and
leaned forwards surreptitiously.

     "When I was in college I got drunk accidentally on purpose at a
fraternity party. After it got real late, I ended up being the only girl
there. The guys all started talking about their sexual conquests, and they
all claimed to be the worlds' greatest lovers, you know?" She stopped for a
second to take another sip of coffee. "I said that any woman worth her salt
could outlast ten guys, and they all laughed. I challenged them. I got up
real slowly, and stripped as sexily as I could, without falling on my face!
A couple of the guys hauled some mattresses out to the living room, and I lay
down right in the center of them. I started stroking my cunt and licking my
lips really sexy, and before you know it, there were 20 or 30 naked guys
dancing around. I laid back, crooked my finger at the nearest one, and
motioned him over. 

     "What'll it be, smarty?" I asked. He said he wanted to fuck me but good,
so he got down there, jerked his cock until it was hard, and shoved it in.
Let me tell you, these guys were just drunk enough so that they couldn't last
very long. This first one must have stroked about 10 times before he shot off
straight up my pussy. The next guy wanted a blow job, so I sat up, stuffed
his teeny cock in my mouth, and a few seconds later had a sperm chaser after
all the beer I'd had."

     Linda stopped for a moment to look at her friend. Kate's cheeks had
tinged a slight red and her eyes sparkled a bit, and Linda thought she could
see Kate's nipples beginning to harden and poke out from the light blouse she
wore.

     "Oh God, that's hot! So what else?" queried Kate with a breathless
smile.

     "So, for about the next 2 hours, I fucked and sucked every guy in that
frat house until there wasn't a drop of sperm left in any of them, and it was
all up my pussy or down my throat, or mostly, all over my tits and face and
in my hair. At one time, I counted six guys jerking off all over my head
while I fucked this black football player's ass off, and wouldn't you know
they all came all over my hair and face. I had to stop and get a towel to
wipe the shit off my face. I was drenched in it, I swear!" whispered the
young wife. 

     "I never saw so much cum in all my life, before or since. They
absolutely ruined the mattresses, and when I finally got up, I leaked a trail
of sperm all over the house looking for a shower to rinse off in. But they
all were pooped out, and I could have gone on for another couple of hours by
then. It was great. But, I had to transfer to another college, because the
word got out, and everybody thought I was some kind of tramp or something,
so I left and went to the State University instead. That's where I met Hank,
and we've been together ever since. I haven't even seen another cock except
his since then."

     "Even on TV or a magazine or anything?" asked an incredulous Kate.

     "Oh, hell, they don't count! I'm talking about in the flesh! Hey, what
about you, Katie, what's the wildest slutty thing YOU'VE ever done?"
questioned the leering Linda, leaning forward and licking her lips
devilishly. 

     "Well, I NEVER balled thirty guys in one night, if that's what you
mean!" she responded. "In fact, I've never made it with more than one guy at
a time, even. Ummm, I guess the nastiest thing I ever did was ask Roger to
cum in my mouth one time while I was sucking him off."

     "ONE time! Are you telling me that you don't sip the sperm cocktail,
young lady?" asked Linda in a mock stentorian tone.

     "Wh-What?"

     "You don't swallow cum? You don't let that gorgeous Roger shoot off in
your mouth?" Linda asked again.

     "Well, it's not that I don't like him to, or that he hasn't , a couple
of times. But he usually just wants to use my pussy instead, so we don't do
a lot of oral sex or anything kinky. He doesn't even like to lick me down
there either."

     "Oh shit honey, we've got to get you fucked and sucked up right one of
these days!" exclaimed the amazed Linda. "But anyway, tell me all about the
one time you let little Rog there blast off over your teeth. I wanna hear all
about it!"

     "Well, it's not as sexy a story as yours. Roger and I were making love,
and I was getting a little sore down there, you know, from all the pounding,
and I finally had to tell him to stop if he didn't have an orgasm quickly.
He pulled out, and crawled up over me. His dick was all wet and red and
bouncing up and down right in front of my face. He grabbed the base of it and
waved it right in my face. I was fascinated with it, I tell you. He told me
to suck him off then, if I couldn't bear to have him in my pussy. I started
to say that it was just that he was getting a bit rough, and before I could,
he poked me in the mouth with his cock. There must have been something about
it, I don't know, but the moment that cock hit my lips, I just kinda quivered
all over and wanted to suck the guts out of him so badly, I didn't know what
I was doing. I normally didn't go for that deep throat stuff, but I grabbed
Roger's ass and pulled him right into my mouth, as deep as I could. I think
it scared the shit out of him!"

     "I can imagine!" answered Linda breathlessly. She had felt her own pussy
get a little wet as they talked, and now dropped one hand to her lap
furtively.

     "So anyway, I pushed and pulled him in and out, actually fucking myself
with his cock in my mouth. Then, I don't know what came over me, no pun
intended, I pulled his dick out of my mouth with one hand and looked up at
him. He was looking down at me like I was some kind of angel or something,
this totally incredible look on his face. I knew, deep down in my soul, then,
that I could have this amazing power over him, or any man, for that matter.
I knew what he wanted. We'd watched enough porno movies for me to see that
he always liked it when a guy spermed on a girl's face or in her mouth. So
I looked him straight in the eye, and in the nastiest voice I could, I said
'I want you to come right in my mouth, lover. I want to taste your sperm.'
I poured it on in the sluttiest way I could think of - you know, telling him
I wanted him to shoot his stuff all over my face and in my mouth and all that
really gross stuff we used to giggle about in high school. So I'm jerking him
a little bit, and then he just kind of grunted once and BAMMO! - right on
the kisser, he lets fly with that cock of his. I was so shocked I opened my
mouth in reflex and BAMMO! again, another spurt, this time right in my mouth.
I'm going crazy now, loving the feel of the stuff, and I jerk him some more,
and he shoots his stuff all over my face and in my mouth. It was in my hair,
and all down over my neck and tits and just all over the place!"

     Kate finished breathlessly. Linda just looked at her and said "Wow.",
arching her eyebrows knowingly. "So now you like eating cum, eh?"

     "Well, I suppose so. But I don't very often, 'cause in the last few
months, Roger's gotten so busy with his job and all, that I'm lucky if we
even make love once or twice a month, much less have time for all kinds of
other fun stuff. But yeah, it was kinda neat, I really liked the feel of his
sperm spraying on me, and for some reason, I LOVED the taste of it - you
know, kinda bitter and salty, but interesting?"

     "Katie darling, you don't have to tell me. I've swallowed enough sperm
to float a battleship. It's still my favorite drink!" she giggled. "It's
amazing how icky and gross we would have thought this was a few years ago,
but God, now that I've done it, I just gotta say I love it! Hey! I've got an
idea!"

     "What now?" Kate knew her friend had some deliciously wicked thought
that she was about to hear. "I know this is gonna involve sex and fucking,
so you might as well spit it out!"

     "Kate, I NEVER spit it out!" Linda laughed. "No, what I thought was
this. We go around and see in how many different ways we can drink sperm. You
know, there's gotta be other ways than straight from the tap, so to speak!"

     "LINDA! What do you mean? Are you actually proposing that we suck other
guys off and swallow their cum? Are you crazy!"

     "No, no, listen, it's perfect. We turn the tables on the guys - you
know, wham bam thank ya ma'am? Well, we'll make it wham bam thank ya mister!
They don't have to know our names or anything, we'll just rustle up, drain
'em dry, and hustle off. They'll go crazy wondering who we are, but they'll
never see us again! It's perfect!"

     Kate stopped to think about it. It was the craziest idea she'd ever
heard, even from the usually whacked out Linda.

     "You mean just go up to some guy we like the looks of, tell him we want
him to cum in our mouths and that's it?"

     "No, silly. That'd be too easy. No, we get them to give us our favorite
drink in strange and exciting ways! Oh hell, let's see....like having a
waiter in a fancy restaurant jerk off in your coffee. Or the grocery delivery
boy pop off real fast in your car in the parking lot. Stuff like that!"

     "Hmmmm.  Yes, that could been really hot!" agreed Kate. "And we could
keep track of each of the ways that we get them to do it! Yeah, that's
great!" she clapped her hands excitedly. "When do we start?"

     "Right now, if you're game!"

     Forty-five minutes later found the ladies strolling the local mall. They
had changed into short skirts and very light sweaters. Linda had decided that
they would alternate with the ideas for getting the cum from the men they
eyed, and she would go first.  She thought it would be exciting to try to
seduce a shoe salesman into giving her a sip of his sperm. The girls walked
into the first store they found with few customers and a likely looking guy.
He as a tall, dark-haired man they both found attractive.  Linda sat down in
one of the fitting chairs, crossed her long legs, and inched her skirt up
even more. The salesman hurried over.

     "Yes, miss, what can I do for you today?"

     "Well, I thought it might be time for a new pair of high heels, what do
you think" Linda teased, stretching her leg out and twisting and turning it,
showing off her long slim leg to great advantage.

     "Um, well, I suppose so. What heel height did you have in mind, and what
size are you?"

     "I'm a size seven. And I just love a four or five inch heel, don't you?
Don't you think it makes my ass stand out real nice?" And so saying, Linda
quickly stood and turned around, thrusting her firm ass right in the
salesman's face. He stammered and gulped, rising quickly. Linda checked.
'Yep, a boner. This one's gonna be easy...' she thought to herself.

     "Just let me go check the back, see what we have." he said, blushing.
He turned and walked through a door into the rear stock area. Turning quickly
to make sure Kate had an eye on things, she followed him back there, and shut
the door behind her.

     "Hey, lady, you can't -" his protest was cut short by Linda lifting up
her skirt. 

     "Like what you see, pretty boy? Well, this pussy belongs to my husband,
and he's the only man who'll have it anytime soon, if I have anything to say
about it. But I like your looks. Take out your cock."

     The man simply stared at her. He didn't know what to do, and not wishing
to waste any time, Linda walked over to him, threw one arm around his neck
and kissed him full and hard on the lips.

     "Ok, then I will." she said. She bent to her knees, and rubbed the
rapidly growing bulge at the front of his pants. "Hey, feels like you've got
a nice one here. Let's let it out to breath a bit."

     She slid the zipper down and fished around inside his underwear, finally
extracting a bona fide boner. It wasn't especially large or fat, but seemed
adequate. 'Besides', Linda thought, 'it isn't going anywhere where size means
anything!'  She bent to lick at the head. The salesman groaned.

     "Oh god lady, I don't know what you came here for, but that feels good,
just keep on sucking...."

     Linda stopped and looked up at him. "Honey, I want your most expensive
pair of Italian leather high heels, right now and right here. Before I go any
further."  As if to accentuate her point, Linda straightened up and smoothed
her dress back down. The salesman hurried down the aisle, finally finding the
shoes Linda demanded.

     "And while you're there, an nice pair of suede boots, too!"  He grabbed
a large box from the shelves. As he walked back, Linda swept her sweater up
over her head, freeing her nicely formed breasts. The man's eyes bugged out
and his cock twitched.

     "Are these shoes waterproof?" Linda demanded.

     "Ah, yes, yes, they are, as a matter of fact.." mumbled the salesman,
peering quizzically at one of the tags.

     "Good. Now I'm gonna suck you, and you're gonna love it. But, and this
is a big but, no coming in my mouth. If I taste even the tiniest drop of your
spunk before I tell you to cum, then out you go and you'll be shooting all
over your pants. Got that?"

     "Yeah, sure, I guess so."  Who wants to look a gift blow-job in the
mouth, right?

     Linda sat on one of the small stools, and motioned him over. He walked
up to her, and she leaned forward and fed his still-hard cock into her mouth.
Linda prided herself on her cocksucking talents, and it wasn't long before
she had the man groaning and moaning in pleasure. She stroked his shaft as
she mouthed the tip of his cock, wetting him down with her saliva. All the
time she sucked at him, she keep looking at him, looking for that fateful
sign of the impending orgasm.

     While one hand stroked and massaged his balls, the other felt for one
of the leather shoes.  Linda kept on sucking the man's cock, dragging it into
her mouth, rolling her talented tongue around the head, squeezing the shaft
with her lips.

     Finally the man started to shudder. "Oh jeesuz I'm gonna cum in a sec"
the man grunted. Linda looked up at him. She whipped his cock out of her
mouth just as she felt the vein begin to pulse, just as he closed his eyes
in ecstasy. Pumping his prick with one hand, with the other she brought the
shoe up. Aiming his cock right into the inside of the shoe, she jerked the
man to an orgasm.  SPURT! SPURT! SPURT! right into the soft leather lining
of the shoe, spit his cock's load. Linda milked him off, every drop of the
large load collecting in the heel of the shoe as she tilted it back. Finally
he was empty.

     Linda looked at him. "Bet you never saw a girl do this before." she said
calmly and quietly. Then staring him right in the face, she tilted the back
of the shoe up to her mouth, and let the entire puddle of semen flow directly
across her lips into her mouth. As the shoe emptied, Linda lifted it above
her face, letting the last few drops drip out and land with a small plop on
her cheeks and chin.  

     "Ummmm, my favorite. Cum ala Giorgio."  She dropped the shoe back into
the box. "I'll take them. Don't bother wrapping them."  He was too astounded
to say anything, but nodded his head. Linda picked up the shoes, the suede
boots, and tossing the sweater back over her head, walked back out into the
front of the store as if nothing had happened. As she walked past one elderly
matron looking at rubber-soled shoes, Linda couldn't help herself. She slid
one finger along her cheekbone, sliding the small drops of sperm there
together until they made a noticeable shiny trail on her face. The older
woman looked at her and gaped in horror.

     Linda grabbed Kate's arm and they rushed out of the store, dissolving
in a fit of giggles and laughter like school girls.  

     "Well, what'd you do, tell me, tell me!" gushed Kate. Linda sat her down
at a bench a few yards down the aisle, and opened the shoe box.

     "Look." she pointed in at the large wet stain occupying the back of the
inside of one shoe. "I sucked him, and jerked him off into it. Then I drank
his cum right out of the shoe!  You should have seen his face! The poor guy
doesn't know what hit him even yet! And I got the shoes, and this pair of
boots for my troubles!"

     Kate looked at her. "You know, I think I could get to like this game!"

     "Honey, you ain't seen nothin yet!" answered the flushed Linda.



                    End of Part 1 of The Cum Drinkers. 

If you enjoyed it, please drop the author, Jazzbo Brown, a comment on Nix Pix
BBS. If you have any wild ideas for the ladies' adventures, we'd love to hear
them. These tales will be uploaded to NixPix approximately once a week. If
you get this file from a board other than NixPix, be sure to call NixPix and
drop the author a line anyway - ladies especially, I'd like to hear your
thoughts. Thanks!  If you send this file to any other BBS, please do NOT
delete this message.

NixPix Electronic BBS: 303 920-1263
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
