Archive-name: Fetish/cd3.txt
Archive-author: Jazzbo Brown
Archive-title: Cum Drinkers, The - 3


Warning : The text you are about to read is designed to be enjoyed by adults
only! If you are not over the age of 18, do not read this text, as it might
do irreparable harm to your sexual psyche and curl your toenails backwards.
Also, if you are a male, your cock will wilt and drop off in gym class, and
if you are a female, you will grow a noticeable mustache. Be warned!


                             The Cum Drinkers
                                Part III 

    Kate and Linda left the mall, and decided to drive downtown and see
'what kind of trouble they might be able to get into', as Linda laughingly
called it. Kate was still buzzed about her momentous affair at the
restaurant, and idly rubbed her crotch through the short skirt she had on.

    "God, I'd love to be able to finger myself right now.." she murmured as
Linda merged her car onto the expressway into town.

    "Well, hell, go ahead, darling, I won't tell!" grinned Linda. Kate
looked at her with a gleam in her eyes. She pulled up on the hem of the
skirt until her white pantied crotch came into view, then hunched down on
the seat. She lifted her hips off the seat and pulled the crotch of her
panties away until Linda could see the pink lips of her pussy peek out. Kate
kept her bush trimmed away quite a bit, and Linda loved the sight of the
glistening feminine lips. Kate moistened her index finger in her mouth and
slowly wormed it up into her canal, closing her eyes and moaning softly as
she did. She tweaked her clitoris as she slowly moved her finger in and out
of her now-moist vulva.

    "oh god this feels sooooo good" she breathed heavily. She continued
massaging her mons and twisting first one, then two, then three fingers up
into her depths. Suddenly she cried out softly, arched her hips up off the
seat, and whimpered 'cumming cumming cumming....' through clenched lips and
closed eyes. Linda smiled as her friend slumped back down onto the seat and
sighed heavily.

    Kate was awakened from her reverie by a honk from just outside her
window. She abruptly sat up and looked out, straight into the face of the
driver of a van who had pulled up to their right and, from all appearances,
had watched the entire performance. He grinned at Kate, gave her the 'thumbs
up' signal, and slowly passed their car. Kate just smiled at him and nodded.

    The women soon found themselves in the business district of town, an
area decorated with fashionable high-rise office buildings and chic shops,
with the usual scattered crowd of weekend tourists and natives about. Linda
parked her car in an underground lot near a large plaza, and the two women
walked up into the bright sunshine of the late afternoon.

    "So, whatdaya want to do?" inquired Kate, grinning impishly.
    
    "I don't know, let's just wander around and see what comes up!" returned
Linda, smiling back at her friend. Both women were dressed to kill. Kate had
on a short white skirt with a wide belt and a knit halter top, which showed
the upper slopes of her breasts in alluring detail. Her long legs were skin-
bare, but she had on daring high heels of black leather. Linda was more
coyishly dressed, in skin-tight blue jeans and a sweater. Neither women wore
a bra. They attracted many glances and outright stares from men as they
wandered aimlessly around the plaza, stopping to dip their fingers in the
fountain and pat their flushed cheeks with wet hands. They sat for a moment
on the lip of a large fountained pool.

    "Watch this." Linda whispered to Kate. They say three good looking men
walking their way, dressed in jogging shorts. "I'm gonna give these guys the
treat of the day.." Kate watched spellbound as Linda pulled down the
cleavage of her sweater with one long fingernail. She glanced back at the
men. All three seemed to see it at the same time. Linda's finger pulled the
sweater material down, down, down, until it would stretch no more. Then she
pulled the side of the cloth away, completely exposing one full breast. She
licked one finger and rubbed it over her stiff nipple. Linda looked up at
the men as they tried to walk inconspicuously closer. She caught one's eye.
Winked. Kate looked at them and blushed furiously.

    "Hi, guys. Sure is warm here in the sun, isn't it?" Linda asked boldly.
The men walked closer. This was something they'd never expected when they
left wives and girlfriends to jog around downtown. Here were two incredibly
beautiful women, obviously not hookers, and one was fully exposing her
breast to them. One man looked around nervously. 

    "Jeeze, lady, what're you tryin' to do, get arrested or something? What
if a cop sees you?"

    "I don't see any around, besides, by the time he got here, I'd just
cover up again and say he must have been mistaken. You'd back me up,
wouldn't you?" Linda responded, dropping into her 'little girl lost' voice
towards the end.

    "Um, gee, sure, sure, yeah..."

    "Ok, so let's get right down to business. How would you guys like a
little entertainment for a while?"

    "What do you mean? We're not interested in pay-"

    "Who said anything about money? We're just a couple of horny gals, and
we'd like to kill an hour or two getting our chimes rung. How about it?"
Kate looked at Linda incredulously. Here she was, in the middle of downtown,
in the middle of the day, propositioning three men for sex!! "My friend here
is all tensed up, aren't you honey" she finished, looking at Kate.  Kate
just looked back at the three men blankly, then nodded her head slowly. This
was SO strange! But a delicious thrill ran through her. This was adventurous
sex, dangerous sex, sex with a stranger. She'd never dreamed of it.

    Linda stood up and motioned for the men to follow her. Kate dropped in
behind them. 

    "I'm Jack, this is Bob, and the tall one's Roger" spoke up one man. Kate
was about to blurt out their names when Linda turned and cut her off. 

    "I'm Gina, and this is Eva" she said conspiratorially, arching one
eyebrow at a bewildered Kate. Linda led them into a luckily unsecured office
building. She herded them into an elevator, and punched the highest button.
"I hope you guys aren't afraid of heights!" she joked. The car clacked and
jerked to a stop on the 45th floor. The five stepped out cautiously into
the hall, looking about. It was deserted. Linda led them to a steel door
that opened up to the brilliantly sunny roof area.
    They looked around at the various vents, blowers and mechanical
equipment positioned randomly on the roof.

    "C'mon, guys, over here," Linda motioned, bringing them to one edge of
the roof. They looked down over the parapet and gazed for a moment at the
street scene below them. "I've always wanted to fuck up on top of a
building!" said Linda, smiling. "Line up, guys, and drop 'em." she
commanded. Kate was amazed at the way Linda took charge. The three men
looked at them, then shrugged their shoulders and peeled down their running
shorts. Three large and growing jock-straps stared the girls in the face.

    "Hmmmm. Nice cups, guys. Jack, you first" Linda pointed at one man. He
peeled the athletic supporter down. His almost fully erect cock sprang up,
bouncing and gleaming in the sunlight. In turn, Bob and Roger shed their
remaining clothes, standing there in sneakers and pubic hair.

    "Ok, here's the story. We want your sperm. That's all. But not in the
usual way. We'll only touch you with our hair. We'll wrap it around your
cocks and you can jerk off with it, but that's it. And when you come, you
have to catch it all in the palm of your hand. After that, who knows?" Linda
ordered.  Kate knew what was after that...

    Jack said "What, no fucking or sucking? That seems like a waste, you
know?"

    "Hey, don't look a gift horse in the mouth. If you don't agree, there's
the door." Linda returned. The men slowly nodded in agreement. Linda and
Kate walked over to them and knelt in the small semi-circle formed by the
young men. The guys started pulling their cocks, and the women leaned
forward, allowing them access to their hair. It was strange at first, the
men thought, feeling the soft, silky locks around their cocks, but it
rapidly grew erotic and sexy. Linda had Bob and Rogers cocks tunneling
through her longer hair, while Kate enjoyed the feel of Jack's penis as it
rubbed sexily through her scalp. The women leaned back, and Kate pulled her
sweater up over her head, baring her chest completely. Linda was quick to
follow. The men gazed longingly at the full breasts of each woman, watching
in fascination as the four nipples hardened and turned rigid. Kate reached
over to tweak Linda's left breast, and Linda turned to her and did the same
to Kate's right tit.

    "Like this, guys?" Kate spoke for the first time.

    "Oh yeah, that's it, rub her nipple, make the cunt hot!" grunted Roger.

    Kate moaned as Linda's fingers kneaded and teased her aroused flesh.
Above them, the men were rapidly rising towards orgasm, stroking their cocks
and gazing at the beautiful women at their feet. 

    "Don't forget guys, come in your hands. Save it all." Linda reminded
them. 

    "Oh, man, this is farfucking out" said Bob, through clenched teeth. "I'm
gonna shoot off any second now." He backed away from Linda's head slightly,
and started making long strokes down the shaft of his cock. Linda broke her
own rule, reaching up to massage and fondle his scrotum. She tickled his
balls, urging the warm semen being readied for it's journey up the shaft and
out the tip of Bob's reddening cock. Then he quickly brought his left hand
around and pointed the tip of his cock at it.

    "Watch this, I'm gonna cuuuuummmmm!" he groaned. Linda felt his balls
tighten up in their sack and watched fascinated as a thick streamer of semen
flew from the head of his cock and splattered wetly in his cupped left hand.
Again she felt his balls churn, and she squeezed them, coaxing every bit of
available sperm out of them. Bob groaned again, and another jet of cum
headed for his hand.

    "fuckfuckfuck I'm cummmmmmmmmmmmmiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnnnggggggggggggggggg"
he groaned through clenched teeth, as the pleasurable shivers ran through
this body and were evidenced by the rapidly pulsing cock in his right hand.
He pulsed three more squirts of sperm into his hand before his body untensed
and he shrank back, emptied.

    "Not bad, not bad at all. Let's see what you've got." said Linda. She
gently put her fingers around his wrist and pulled his hand towards her.
"Hmmm. About an ounce and a half, I'd say. What about you, Kate?" she
questioned, turning the palm towards her friend.

    "Yep, that looks about right. Nice and thick, too, not so watery and
runny as some I've seen," thinking back to the scene at the kitchen only a
few hours before.

    "Ok, good. Now hold it, man, and don't let it drool away." Bob cupped
his hands together, puzzled at the requests, but wondering where this
bizarre woman was headed.

    Just then Kate felt, rather than heard, the soft squish of Jack's penis
as it shuddered and released a jet of sperm across her scalp. 

    "Ohman here is comes!" he yelled, quickly stepping back and directing
his penis towards his other hand. Kate pulled away, brushing the small line
of cum from her forehead. She watched, encouraging, as Jack emptied himself
similarly to Bob.

    "Yeah, go ahead man, cream it all for me, let it go, I wanna see it, I
wanna see it" she murmured to him, looking up at his strained face as he
forced the ejaculate up and out. His palm filled.

    By the time he finished spurting, Roger had joined the spillage going
on, spraying one wicked stream over Linda's shoulder before he could
position correctly and direct the outpourings of his arousal where it was
directed. The two men panted and groaned at the release, sweat pouring off
their trim bodies. Kate felt a small trickle of sperm slid down over her
eyebrow and drop to her cheek. Finally, the three men stood, palms cupped
with their offerings, rapidly shrinking cocks dwindling.

    "Now what the fuck are you gonna do?" inquired Roger. "Make us stand
here with cum all over our hands?"

    "No, silly. We're gonna drink it all down like little birdies!" rejoined
Linda. The men looked at her, mystified. As if to respond, she lay down
slowly on the tossed clothes, and motioned for Kate to join her. Kate did
so, until their heads were right next to each others, legs pointing in
opposite directions. "Now, come over here, move your hands to just over our
faces, and open up!" Roger moved over to her and knelt down next to her
head. Bob came to the top of her head, and Jack went next to Kate. The two
women opened their mouths and wiggled their tongues nastily. 

    "Ok, guys, let 'er rip!"

    The men slowly opened their cupped palms. A stream of sperm dropped out,
like a warm white shower, dripping quickly into Linda's open mouth.  Kate
was also inundated with the semen, feeling it drip slowly into her face. On
and on the shower continued, line after line, huge dollop after huge dollop
of sperm adhering to the law of gravity and dropping from the mens' hands
into the faces and open, awaiting mouths, of the bare chested women below
them. As they finished, the men moved their hands down, allowing the women
to lick and cleanse their palms.  Kate squished the sperm around in her
mouth. She had gotten just about all of Jack's, a good bit of Bob's and even
a drop of two of Roger's ejaculation. Linda had captured most of Roger's,
the rest of Bob's and a few drops of Jacks. Share and share alike, she
thought. She too swirled the captured cum around her cheeks and over her
teeth, enjoying the sensuous feel of the slightly sticky, salty sauce.
Finally she swallowed, feeling the mass slide down her throat. Looking over,
she noticed Kate had just done the same. The two women kissed, spearing
their spermy tongues into each other's mouths, rubbing lips and tits as they
shared the men's sperm. Kate reached down and rubbed her overheated crotch,
feeling the orgasm begin and rapidly explode all through her body,
shuddering with it's force. Linda squealed and quivered the same as her own
fingers brought the climax to her. 

    The women lay next to each other for a few moments, feeling the men
stroke their bodies and glow in the pleasure. Finally, Linda sat up, and
said "I bet you never had that happen before, did you?" The men shook their
heads in disbelief.

    Later, while driving home, Kate and Linda discussed their newfound
fascination with semen.

    "I don't know what it is about me, I've just gotten to really enjoy the
taste and texture of cum. It's different than almost anything else I've ever
tasted!" said Linda, calmly.  

    Kate agreed. "I know what you mean, it's strange. Some women, and men,
for that matter, might think this is really gross or something, but I
suppose when you think about it, it's not really all that bad. I mean, hell,
what is sperm anyway? Ninety-eight percent water. A few million little sperm
cells wiggling around, to small to see without a microscope. And some other
fluid and sugars and stuff. Big deal. But to think that we're doing
something that is really different, well that turns me on like crazy!"

    "Yeah, just the feeling of that slippery, kinda sticky juice on my body
is sexy. And I love to watch a man come, it's very intense, they way they
screw up their faces and groan and moan. I wonder if it feels anything like
when we girls have an orgasm."

    "I don't know. I kinda think that a man's orgasm is centered around his
cock, where mine feel like their going all over my body. I suppose it's all
in your head anyway, but it's gotta be good for them too, right? Or else
they wouldn't be so horny all the time!" Kate laughed.

    "You got it, babe," Linda joked along with her. "Hey, tonight let's see
if we can get our golfed out husbands to donate a little squirt or too for
us, and compare notes tomorrow, eh?"

    Kate agreed.  
    .
    .
    .

    The next day, Linda's husband came over to watch a baseball game at
Kate's house, so Kate excused herself and went to see Linda. She had a
wonderful time the night before, and wanted to hear all about Linda's
evening too. When she got to Linda's house, the two women grabbed a bottle
of wine, two glasses, and sat out on the covered porch behind the house.

    "Well, honey, how'd you do last night? You have a certain glow about
you, I take it you got lucky?" asked Linda breathlessly.

    "Well, if you count about 30 orgasms as lucky, I guess you could say
that!"

    "Jeesus! What'd you do, invite over the Hell's Angels or something?"
quizzed Linda.

    "Oh, no, not this time. I got Rog all hot and bothered by walking around
in a short nighty, and managed to get him upstairs. We took a nice hot bath
together, and then we went to bed. I told him I'd really like for him to eat
me for a while, and promised to return the favor. Well, he got into it right
away. He kissed me real hard and deep, and then he just kinda moved down my
body, kissing my boobies and sticking his tongue in my belly-button on the
way down. Then he moved around and pushed my knees apart, and just leaned
right down in my pussy. He breathed on it really warm for a few seconds,
then put his tongue on my clit and started to suck it in. He twiddled it
with the tip of his tongue, and then slid one finger up in me. It felt
GREAT! Then he began sliding his tongue up and down the lips of my pussy,
kissing and sucking at them like he hadn't eaten in days. He was gently
pushing his finger in and out of my hole, rubbing the inside really great.
Then he must have found my G-spot 'cause all of a sudden I started cumming
over and over again. He knew he had me, and kept licking and sucking and
pulling on my clit and squeezing my G-spot. I must have cum for three solid
minutes, I finally had to push him away because I got so sensitive I
couldn't stand it anymore. He sat up with that shit-eating grin of his on
his face, then lay down next to me and held me for the longest time, I just
lay there and gasped like a race horse after the Kentucky Derby."

    "WOW! That sound's really good. Then what, did you do him?" Linda asked
excitedly.

    "Well, yeah. I wanted to pay him back for the great time he'd given me,
so after I got my breath back, I rolled him over on his back. His cock was
just semi-hard, so I put my hand around it and started to slowly stroke it
back and forth, kissing him and telling him how great he was. He ate it up.
He started pumping his hips back and forth, moving his cock through my hand.
Then I put my head on his stomach and stuck my tongue out, letting the tip
of his cock touch it each time he came though. Gradually I let more and more
of it go into my mouth and moved my hand away. After a few minutes, he was
stroking all the way into my mouth and to the back of my throat. I made sure
I had plenty of spit and kept him nice and wet and slippery. Every now and
then I'd bite down real gently on him, and let him pull back through my
teeth. He had his hands on the back of my head, sometimes moving my head
back and forth on his cock, sometimes just holding me and fucking in and out
of my mouth with his beautiful cock. I could taste some pre-cum leaking out
of him, and didn't want to have him shoot off too fast, so after a few
minutes, I stopped. I told him I wanted him to watch what I was doing, so
we switched positions a bit. I sat up, and rested against the headboard and
a couple of pillows, and I made him come up and straddle my chest. I pushed
my boobs together and he slid his cock back and forth between them for a
bit. That was fun, I really like the feeling of his cock between my breasts. 
Then I pulled him up and let him put his penis right into my mouth. He was
looking down at me, and I was looking up at him, and it was adorable. He
looked just like a little baby, with his eyes closed and a dreamy sort of
look on his face."

    "Then I told him I wanted him to cum right in my mouth and down my
throat. He was getting really near, so I pulled him out of my mouth. I
opened up as wide as I could, and just pulled his cock back and forth. I
felt him begin to tremble, then he said 'watch out, honey, here I cum' and
then he did. Boy, did he cum! The first shot went straight into my mouth,
luckily I didn't choke on it or anything. Then he went off again, and this
one went into my mouth too, but a little bit of it hit my upper lip.  Roger
must have been storing it up for a week, because I had to close my mouth and
swallow, and just as I did, he shot off again. Well, my mouth was closed, so
it hit me right between the lips and dribbled down over my chin. That felt
so neat I closed my eyes and he shot again, this time it hit my cheek and
jaw. I can remember the feeling even now, it was so crazy and kinky and sexy
feeling these little spurts of hot liquid hit my face.  All in all he must
have shot seven or eight streams of cum onto my face, and as he slowed down
I put his cock back in my mouth and sucked the last bits out and swallowed
them. It was SOOOO GREAT!!  I'm laying there all sweaty and gasping, with
Roger's cum all over my face, and he's holding on to the headboard above me
and shaking and shuddering like someone possessed.  I kept his cock in my
mouth for a couple of minutes, just kinda nursing on it like a baby on a
tit. I could feel the cum cooling and drying on my face, and I started to
rub it in. But he grabbed my hand and told me to wait, he just wanted to
look at me like that. So I stopped, and we just stared into each other's
eyes for a minute or so. Then the goddam phone rang! I nearly jumped out of
my skin. You know how it is after you have a hot and heavy session like
that, you get all relaxed and calmed down and you're half asleep. So I
jumped, and managed to answer the phone. It was my mother, of all things! I
couldn't just tell her to call back, so she has me on the phone talking
about her neighbors and all this other gossip and stuff, and I'm lying there
talking back to her with my husband's semen all over my face! It was wild!
Roger started massaging it into my face while I'm talking, and that nearly
set me off again. I started giggling and groaning, and Mom asked me what the
heck was the matter. Well, I couldn't exactly tell her that Roger was wiping
all his cum off my face, now could I? I finally got her off the phone, and
Roger and I rubbed his cum into my face and boobs and all, then we fell
asleep. I woke up this morning with it all caked and dry on me, but it felt
good anyway. So that's my story. What about you?"

--
