Archive-name: Fetish/cd4.txt
Archive-author: Jazzbo Brown
Archive-title: Cum Drinkers, The - 4


Warning : The text you are about to read is designed to be enjoyed by adults
only! If you are not over the age of 18, do not read this text, as it might
do irreparable harm to your sexual psyche and curl your toenails backwards.
Also, if you are a male, your cock will wilt and drop off in gym class, and
if you are a female, you will grow a noticeable mustache. Be warned!
This story is fictional. All events are fictional. Any resemblance to living
persons or actual events is coincidental. This story represents fantasy, and
is not meant to portray either women or men in a negative manner. Please
close cover before striking.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------



                             The CUM Drinkers
                                  Part IV
         

    Kate and Linda spent a quiet few weeks reliving their recent adventures.
Nothing too exciting happened to either of them, since, in real life, sexual
escapades tend to run in cycles.  You have a great couple of weeks, then a
few barren ones. Then things start to perk up again.  Kate was looking
forward to the upcoming Halloween holiday, she loved dressing up in sexy
exotic costumes and wandering the neighborhood, watching the children run
shrieking from house to house.  She wondered if any of the neighbors
realized that the woman dressed in the micro-skirt, tall stilletto heels and
heavy makeup was their neighbor Kate. She even talked Linda into going out
with her that evening. Kate's husband was out of town on a business trip for
several days, and Linda's mate went across town to play poker with some
buddies. Once again, the ladies who loved cum were on their own.

    "Lin, I just know you'll love this - it's so much fun to walk around the
neighborhood all dressed up and seeing people's reactions to us. They'll
never know its us!"

    "I hope you're right, hon, if this gets around Roger'll kill me!" her
friend responded, only slightly humorously.  The ladies spent the afternoon
before Halloween night getting their hair and fingernails done, both of them
luxuriating in the splendor of the salon they went to. Their every need was
catered to as they sipped champagne and strawberries. Linda, on a dare, even
had the young beauty parlor girl trim her pubic hair back, until just a
small patch wove it's way on top of her mound, and her pussy lips were
completely bared.  Linda allowed herself a mini-orgasm as the cute young
girl carefully trimmed and shaved her sexual regions. The girl was not as
embarrassed as Linda might have thought - as she finished, she leaned
forward and gave Linda's crotch a loving swipe with her tongue, pausing to
diddle her clit just long enough to let Linda know that she was turned on
herself. Linda picked up her head between her hands and kissed her warmly.

    The ladies anxiously awaited nightfall. In their part of the country,
the sun set quickly, and the night, though seasonally cool, was not at all
unpleasant. Kate was wearing a very short, tight skirt that rode far up her
thighs, a tiny cotton halter top, and high red heels with stockings. The
tops of the stockings just barely hid beneath the hem of the skirt, and if
Kate bent down or sat, a nice expanse of creamy thigh was exposed, under the
sensous red garter strap.  She loved dressing like that.  Linda wore short
shorts that seemed painted on her  trim buns, and spent several minutes
trimming the crotch up until her panties almost peeked through the seams. 
A lacy, almost see-through blouse and a black lace bra completed the outfit.
Linda purposely wore the dark bra under the white blouse, so that interested
viewers could see exactly what she was so proud of.  Her legs were bare, but
she also wore heels, though not so high as Kate's. 

    Finally, they were ready.  Leaving Kate's house excitedly, they walked
several blocks down one broad avenue, then zigged and zagged their way until
they were far enough from their homes to be safe from really familiar prying
eyes. Then they just tagged along with the kids going from door to door,
taking care to stay far enough away so that the random parent out with his
or her children wouldn't become suspicious.  They loved to see the kids
dressed up in their costumes - there were darling little princesses, fierce
pirates, kung-fu warriors, Ninja turtles, and of course , a surfeit of
Batmans and Dick Tracys. As the night passed, the number of young kids on
the street seemed to dwindle, and  Kate noticed that the age of those out
now seemed to have increased to the mid-teens. She saw one young girl who
couldn't have been more than 15 dressed like the most exotic streetwalker
she had ever seen, complete with spandex pants, stilletto heels and garish
makeup. "How could her mother send her out like that!?" she wondered to
herself. "Oh, well, I guess they're growing up earlier than ever...."

    The women didn't notice that a small group of boys had seemed to pick
them up, and was following them wherever they turned. They didn't seem to
be deliberately tailing them, though, so they weren't too worried.  Every
few minutes, Kate or Linda would turn and sneak a quick look back at the
pack of kids, each time seeing the number increase by three or four bodies. 
At one point, there seemed to be close to twenty or twenty-five kids
following them, nearly all boys or young men.

    "Kate, I don't know about this, I think we'd better head back. I don't
like the looks of that gang back their behind us. Whaddaya say we head for
home, eh?"  The words were hardly out of her mouth when, with a suddeness
that took their breath away and almost made Kate stumble in her shoes, three
older teenagers appeared on the sidewalk just ahead of them. They were rough
looking, boys about 17 or 18, with jeans and wild looking tee-shirts on. The
three boys spread across the sidewalk, effectively blocking their paths.

    "Well, what have we here" sneered one, "looks like a coupla hookers out
for a quick trick or treat!"  His buddies laughed and chortled at his wit. 
"How's business, girls, getting any tonight?"

    "Hey, we're just out to have some fun, and we're NOT hookers!"  spoke
Kate sharply, but she was ignored.  The three walked slowly towards them,
and Linda turned to see the entire gang that was following them close up.
Within seconds, they were surrounded by almost thirty laughing, leering
teenagers, mostly boys, but Kate notices some rough-looking girls along with
them.

    "Hey, babe, nice tits" a voice rang out, causing cheers and giggles.

    "What say we head back to our party house and take care of you"  spoke
another voice from the shadows. This was greeted with clapping and choruses
of "Oh, yeah, that's the right thing" and "Let's give the bitches a
Halloween to remember" and other lewd comments. Kate reddened and clutched
at LInda's arm for support.

    "What are we gonna do!" she whispered to her friend, "These guys look
tough. And there's nobody else around! What're we gonna do?"

    Before Linda could respond, her question was answered. Four of the
biggest, strongest looking guys came up, and each pair grabbed the two
housewives and pinned their arms to their sides. 

    "I think we should have a good ol' fashioned gang bang!" said one. He
seemed to be the leader, if judging only by his swagger and size.  "We're
gonna take you ladies over to our secret little hiding place, and have some
fun, eh guys?"  Cheers rang out.  Quickly, hands covered their mouths, and
Kate and Linda both felt handkerchiefs or bandanas wrapped around their
eyes, quickly blocking out their vision. The strong arms still held their
arms pinioned to their sides, and Kate suddenly felt hands roaming over her
tits and pawing at her legs.  "Jezzus this bitch's got nice tits!" rang out
one young voice, and Kate felt herself blush furiously.  The nerve of these
kids, grabbing her and Linda!  The wives felt themselves being led down one
block and up another, down another and across a third, then cutting across
what felt like several lawns and yards.  They had no idea where they might
have been. They could have been dozens of blocks from their own homes, or
they could have been one street away.  Finally, they felt the hands
push/pull them up a short flight of stairs and across a porch, then through
a swinging screen door into a musty, smoky smelling room.  The house smelled
of beer and smoke and other odors that Kate and LInda could only guess
about.

    Finally, they were pushed roughly into what seemed to be a large living
or dining room. Mattresses, dirty, filthy, grungy, smelly mattresses covered
one entire corner of the room. Their eye coverings were whipped off, and the
wives blinked slowly in the dim light. As they adjusted, they saw what
appeared to be a house that had been 50 or 60 percent completed, then never
finished. Floors and walls were in, and most doors, but they could see that
the trim and finishing was not done. The kids gathered in around them,
loudly bustling and jostling the women around. The leader stepped up to
them.

    "OK. You don't need to know my name, you can just call me Long John.
You'll find out why in a few minutes. Me and my friends here are gonna have
some fun with you both, and as long as you don't fight it, we'll try not to
hurt you....too much."  The last phrase was added with a leering grin. He
reached out and tweaked the nipple of Linda's right breast, and she shrank
back in protest. She couldn't speak through the rough hand clapped over her
mouth, but her eyes burned fire at the obnoxious teen. "You may as well not
yell or scream or try to get out. We've locked all the doors and windows
from inside, and we're blocks away from anybody else. It's nice and private
here - that's why we like it. Now my buddies are gonna take their hands off
of your mouths, so let's not scream or anything, OK? Or it might be worse
for you...".  He motioned to the boys holding the women's mouths covered,
and they let their hands off, slowly.  Kate drew in a full breath.

    "Listen you little punk, if you think that Linda and I are just gonna
stand by while you do God knows what, well you can just go fuck yourself,
you know -"

    "NO! We can just FUCK YOURSELF you snotty little bitch! And by the time
this evening's over, you're gonna be begging for more, you slut cunt!" the
leader screamed back at her. "So shutup and follow orders, and you might
just survive."  He stomped over to one corner of the room, ordering several
sitting teens off the cushions and mattresses. "Ok, everybody back. Just
circle around them. Move back, fuckheads, that's it, back.."  The group
slowly enlarged the circle around the two women, who found themselves the
center of attention once again.  "Ok. Strip."  He said it with such a lack
of feeling that at first Kate and Linda didn't even understand him.

    "I said STRIP! Get those fuckin' clothes off or we'll do it for you." 
Kate and Linda looked at each other, and didn't move a muscle. Seconds
passed. Neither woman moved. "Ok, Ok, if that's what you want. Joe, Tony,
you guys, get these sluts naked and NOW!"  Four or five boys leapt at the
women, tearing their clothes off like madmen. Kate's skirt was ripped right
off her body, and the halter top was pulled roughly up over her head. The
crowd whistled and cheered when they saw her in the garter belt and
stockings. Linda fared no better, being held struggling while one lad
unzipped and pulled her shorts down her legs and pulled them off her ankles.
She too soon lost her chest coverings, and within seconds both women were
virtually naked. Kate had only her garters and stockings, her panties having
been claimed by an unknown male. Linda likewise lost her bra and panties.
She kicked her shoes at the boy who called himself Long John.  

    "Here, have these too you shithead!"

    "Now, now, mustn't loose our temper, little girly. Ok, I think for the
opening act, it's time for a little sucky sucky. Just to keep things safe,
I think we'd better restrain you cunts a bit."  He directed Joe and Tony to
tie their wrists together behind their backs, not too tightly, but tightly
enough so that neither woman could move her arms forward. Long John nodded
at them when they were suitably trussed, then glanced at Joe and Tony.

    "On their knees. You ladies are gonna kiss every dick in this room, and
any of the pussies that want it, too."  Male hands pushed Kate and Linda to
their knees on the rough hardwood floor. As their knees touched wood, the
sound of every zipper in the room being lowered was like a quick buzz saw
through Kate's bones. A line of boys soon formed to Kate's left. Each teen
had his cock out. Long John stepped back in front of the women.

    "OK, guys, take your turns now, don't be piggish, leave some for the guy
behind you. Don't cum unless you absolutely have too. There's a long night
ahead of us."  The first male moved up to Kate and with no warning
whatsoever, grabbed her head and shoved his hard cock into her face. Kate
tried to turn away, but the strong hands holding her kept her face in line
with the cock shaft. Relentlessly it pressed at her lips, but she refused
to open them. She could smell the manly odor of the young boy's cock wafting
into her nostrils, and despite her fear and despising of the way they were
being treated, she found herself beginning to respond. The boy reached down
and began massaging her nipple, gently but firmly. Kate was a bit suprised.
She looked up at him. 'He is kinda cute...' she thought. Her mouth opened
of its' own accord. The cock head tipped past her lips and slid over her
tongue. It hardened almost immediately and the boy groaned. He pumped in and
out no more than 10 times, then abruptly pulled away with a groan.

    "Oh god I gotta stop or I'll fuck her right here."  He pulled back from
a gasping Kate, letting his overheated cock cool down. He stepped to Kate's
right, and offered the cock to Linda. She looked at Kate, then turned to
face the boy.

    "Ok, you fuckers. If this is what you want, then this is what you'll
get. But let me tell you one thing, I'm gonnna fuck the living shit out of
each and every one of you assholes here, then I'm gonna walk out of this
place and fuck you all forever." Her manner didn't faze the cock staring her
in the face. He shoved. She opened. Kate turned to face another cock.

    After seven penises had introduced themselves to Kate's lips and teeth,
she faced a furry female bush. She had no choice but to lean forward and
tongue the slit being held open for her. The girl groaned in pleasure as
Kate's tongue found her clit.

    "Oh fuck, she knows where to go, she knows..." groaned the girl.  

    'Of course I do, I'm a woman like you' Kate thought to herself.

    After swabbing up and down the slit, which tasted suspiciously salty to
Kate several times, the girl moved across to Linda. Kate took this time to
turn to her friend and question with her eyes. Linda looked back fiercely,
not beaten or humbled. 

    Linda bent to the pussy in her face. As the girl held it open, she saw
the pearly drop of cum start to slide out. "Shit, girl, you've got cum in
your pussy!" she started to say. She looked up at the young blonde, who
simply winked back at her. Linda bent to the task. Kate thought to herself
that the pussy had tasted a bit familiar. 

    "Yeah, Bobby and I had a quick fuck a few minutes before we found you,
and now you get sloppy seconds. HA HA HA." the young girl laughed. "Now
clean me out, douche-bag!" Linda touched her tongue to the girl's slit and
lapped up the semen that had now started to flow from the girl in force. The
more she lapped up, the more dripped and dribbled out of the girl. 'This guy
musta cum buckets!' Linda imagined. The sperm tasted tangy and tart to her.
It dribbled from her tongue and lips, streaking her chin as it flowed. The
girl leaned forward, grasping Linda's head with her hands and pulled her
into her crotch, bumping her hips forward, grinding her sex into the other
woman's face.

    "Oh God yes, suck my clit, bitch, get me off...unh unh" the young woman
moaned.

    Kate meanwhile had another cock thrust at her, this one large and black,
shining in the light. Kate pulled it into her mouth and sucked strongly,
beginning to get more and more aroused at the scene. She wished her hands
were free so she could reach down and play with her clit and pussy, or that
someone else would do it for her. She licked and sucked at the shaft of the
ebony prick in her mouth, tongueing around the head and feeling it glide
over her lips. All too soon, it pulled from her mouth and the black boy
moved down to Linda. Kate faced a thin, rather small cock. She opened up and
let it invade her mouth as had the one before. She held steady as the body
to which it was attached thrust forward, arching before her. Suddenly she
heard Linda choke next to her, and turned her head slightly, just in time
to see the black teen's cock spew a load of salty sperm onto Linda's sweaty
face. The teen jerked his cock off.

    "Yeah, baby, lick that cum, ahhhhh, yes, shit I jus' couldn't hold it
no more." He shot several streams of white goo against Linda's open mouth
and lips, as she tried desperately to re-capture the organ. The first blast
had obviously caught her off-guard and caused her to choke slightly, but she
soon recovered. Cum flew into her hair and across her face in wet white
lines. The boys and girls watching cheered and guffawed to see what they
viewed as the young wife's humiliation. Their noise quickly died, though,
as they saw her lick around her lips, trying to capture as much of the semen
splattering her face as she could.

    "Holy shit, she likes it!"

    "Look at her try to get it all! Goddam, that bitch is eatin' that cum
like she ain't had none in years..."

    "Yeah, get it baby.." 

    Linda was moaning and groaning with suppressed pleasure. Kate figured
she was reliving the scene she had described to her from her college days
in the fraternity house where she had outlasted 30 or so college studs. As
the black teen moved away, Kate and Linda got back to the tasks at hand..er,
mouth.

    Some fifteen minutes and eight cocks later, Kate got her first sperm
shower of the evening. Her smile was painted white by a tall, gangly teen
with a veiny, bulbous cock that had barely touched her lips when it sprayed
a load of hot semen into her mouth. Kate swallowed quickly, preparing for
the next stream, but the fellow pulled his cock from her lips and, tilting
her head back, jerked his cock roughly, directing the streams of sperm
across her face and into her hair. His performance brought more hoots and
catcalls from the crowd gathered around them.

    The line continued to visit the two kneeling women. Every eighth or
ninth person was female, but the vast majority of the sexual organs
presented to Kate and Linda were male in origin, all were in a state of
extreme arousal, and several reached orgasm during the 'ceremony'. As the
end of the line neared, where "Long John" himself occupied the last
position, Kate and Linda's facial features, breasts, and hair were spotted
with drying semen, pussy juice and sweat. Kate had been the recipient of
four male and three female orgasms. The sperm from one teen had covered one
eye completely, as he seemed to get a devilish glee in shooting directly
into her closed eye-socket. Another had demanded that she keep her mouth
open as he came in it, and he deposited an amazing eleven squirts of heady,
aromatic teenage jizzum into her beautiful mouth, without spilling a drop.
It took Kate several swallows to get it all down.  After another boy had
sprayed her features, the girl behind him massaged the semen into her face.

    "Here, let me rub that jizzum into your skin. My boyfriend really gets
off on cumming in my face, and I think it helps keep my complexion clear.
Certainly a lot more fun than rubbing with an OXY-10 pad, isn't it?" The two
sexy wives continued to kneel, naked, their hands tied behind their backs,
breasts thrust out, being kneaded and twisted by the rough hands that came
with each teen. After the girl finished massaging what little sperm still
stuck to her face, Kate was forced to lick the girl to orgasm, which she did
willingly.  Meanwhile, Linda was, if anything, even more heavily plastered
with sexual juices. No less than nine boys unloaded their first orgasms of
the night into her face and mouth and tits. At one point, two boys at once
decided to spray her, each jerking and pulling on their cocks until they
erupted almost simultaneously. The streams of white sperm flew from their
cocks, splattering loudly on Linda's cheeks and nose, streaming down over
her chin and dripping to her breasts. Through it all, she kept her face
proudly up.

    "C'mon, you fuckers, spray that cum on me, go ahead, I love it, give me
your cum. I want it on my face, in mouth, in my hair. Do it to me, drench
me in your jizz, go ahead...." she cajoled them, letting them know that they
weren't doing it just for their own pleasure. The sights and sounds of the
mature married woman egging them on seemed to excite them even further.
Before seconds had passed, Linda's face was thoroughly drenched in
balljuice, it dripped from her nose and coated her lips like white lipstick.
She got as much into her mouth as she could, swallowing loudly and gulping
the thick, viscous fluid into her belly. She seemed insatiable.

    On and on the dance continued. Finally, there was only the last boy in
line. 24 boys and 7 women had passed by each wife, some just for a brief
minute, others long enough to enjoy a good sucking or licking, others long
enough to blast sexual juices onto the waiting ladies. By the time Long John
stepped up, Kate's face was an almost unrecognizable mask of sperm and
juice. Her hair was absolutely covered with webbed white streaks. Her
breasts seemed to be leaking white mother's milk, only this milk came from
cocks. Sperm dotted her shoulders and thighs. She had swallowed a good bit
of the juice herself, and her lips were covered. Her one eye had dried shut
from the load one lad deposited there.  Linda was a match - her face
streamed cum. It seemed that the boys, knowing she wanted it, made special
efforts to drape her lovely features with as much semen as they could. Not
nearly so much was matted in her hair or off her head. It was though someone
had spray painted thin white lines up and down her face. She was literally
covered in sperm from ear to ear. Her tongue stretched out to lick as much
as she could from her face, but still left much more there for the gang's
enjoyment.

    The boy who called himself 'Long John' finally stepped up to Kate. "So,
you sluts like cum, eh? Well, I think we can accomdate you tonight. You look
so fucking sexy there, naked, kneeling, with that fucking jizz all over your
faces. But we're just getting started, right gang?" The other kids yelled
and cheered in agreement. "Now, let's just see how good you REALLY are at
sucking cock. I ain't found a bitch yet that could get me all the way down."
As he finished, he dropped his pants to his ankles. Kate and Linda gasped
in unison. They were looking at the longest cock they had ever seen. Even
semi-hard, it seemed at least 10 or 12 inches long. It reached almost to his
knees. It was thin and pale, but very very long. "Now you know why they call
me Long John, eh?" he laughed as he pumped blood into his cock. Slowly it
stiffened. It was so long that it couldn't defy gravity and point more than
halfway into the air. It remained parallel to the floor, fully hard. "This
fucker's 13 and a half goddam inches long, you bitches, and both of you are
gonna get it in every hole you got before tonight's over, and maybe I'll
even drill a coupl'a new holes in you, hawhaw" he giggled fiendishly. "Now
just open up real wide, slutface, and I'll slip it down nice and easy.." he
ordered Kate.

    Kate knew in her heart that she could never get the boy's cock more than
six or seven inches into her throat, it just wasn't possible. He'd choke her
to death with it! John grabbed the back of her head with one hand, and held
his cock about halfway down the shaft with the other. Kate looked up at him
with terrified eyes. He slipped the head into her mouth, over her lips. The
cock being so slim, it really wasn't hard to accept it into her mouth. But
the boy kept on sliding forward with it. Kate felt it slip over her tongue
and begin to bend down her throat. She constricted involuntarily,
momentarily closing off the passage. The boy stopped. "Aw, c'mon lady, you
ain't even trying. Take a breath and let's keep on swallowing." Kate found
she could even open her jaws wide enough to breath around the shaft in her
mouth. "You got about six inches in now, that ain't bad for a beginner. But
you're only halfway home..." Kate swallowed and the motion of her throat
muscles pulled the head of the cock down, over the back of her tongue and
past her tonsils. She tilted her head up like a baby bird, making the
passage as straight as possible. Another inch slid by her lips, then
another. John groaned at the sensation of feeling his sensitive glans slide
down the woman's esophagus. The head popped into her throat, pointing almost
straight down into her belly. Still, he pulled her head towards his groin.
He removed his hand from the shaft of his cock as another inch slipped into
Kate's throat. She felt a terrible pressure in her neck, as the unnatural
object stretched her tissues and muscles. She had once swallowed a hard-
boiled egg whole on a dare as a teen, and this felt just as bad. On and one
the cock slid down her gullet. Her eyes watered. Her breath caught in her
lungs. She snorted air through her nose, her nostrils flaring like a
Kentucky Derby winner. 

    "Three inches to go, man, just three more inches. I can't believe you
got ten in there already, babe, you must be a fuckin' sword swallower or
something." John panted. Kate felt his cock pulse with excitement. The knot
in her neck grew noticably. "Oh fuck, hold on, hold on, you're gonna make
me shoot, I gotta pull it out..." John slid his cock back up the way it had
just gone, the shaft emerging from Kate's lips slick with spit and drool.
Inch after hard-won inch re-emerged into the cool air. Kate gulped air
herself as the cock head popped back out of her throat. She gagged as it
triggered her reflex going by. The head slid back over her tongue and out.
Once back into the air, the boy's cock shone, red and wet from the friction
of her mouth and throat. A large dollop of pre-cum bulged from the tip, and
he dripped it off onto Kate's lower lip.

    "There, babe, have a taste of a real man. Maybe if you're good, I'll
give you sommore later" he guffawed. Kate could only gasp and choke in pain
and, somehow, disappointment. She knew she should feel humiliated at the
treatment she and Linda were getting, but a part of her that she didn't know
existed had somehow come to the surface, and she wasn't sure what it meant.
She LIKED being held captive by this gang of kids. She LIKED being forced
to suck cocks and pussies for hours on end. She LIKED getting her face
drenched with the ejaculations of the boys and drippings of the girls. And
she LIKED the feeling of that long, slim shaft sliding down her gullet. She
forgot all pretense of sophisticated womanhood, forgot her husband and their
home and their life, all she wanted was to be a slut, a fuckbag, a whore,
to give in to the thrills of sexual release. She existed only as a pussy to
fuck, a cunt to take hard cocks and wring the jizzum from. She existed only
as an asshole to shove a cock into, wiggling and moaning. She existed only
as a mouth to suck on hard penises and wet cunts. She wanted sex and she
wanted it now. She had turned into an animal. Sex had taken control of her
entire body. She wanted to get FUCKED AND FUCKED HARD AND FUCKED LONG..

    "OH GOD FUCK ME PLEASE, STICK THAT COCK UP MY PUSSY, CUM IN ME, I WANT
THAT FUCKING COCK IN MY ASS, DOWN MY THROAT, UP MY CUNT. I'M A SLUT WHORE
BITCH COCKSUCKER FUCKBAG, CUM IN MY MOUTH CUM ON MY TITS CUM UP MY ASS, I
WANT HARD COCKS NOW COVER ME WITH CUM I'LL DRINK IT ALL PLEASE PLEASE I'LL
LICK IT FROM YOUR PUSSIES I'LL SUCK IT FROM YOUR COCKS PLEASE I NEED CUM AND
COCK AND FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK......."  Her voice trailed off.

    "That's what I like to hear. Next!" John said, and walked over to Linda.

--
