CeaseFire.)0/
	The soldier sat stiffly in the chair, almost like he was still
"at attention" while he waited.  He wore his best dress uniform, his 
decorations shining at his chest, hat held in his hands on his knees.
	The door marked "Debriefing," at the western end of the waiting
room opened, and the soldier tensed in anticipation.  A man with 
greying hair and Colonels insignia was at the door.  He addressed the
soldier, saying, "Come in, Private."  The soldier stood, and walked
for the door.
	Inside the debriefing room, three men sat at a large office 
desk.  One, the Colonel who had summoned him, sat behind it.  The other 
two were in civilian clothes, and they sat between the desk and the 
door.  They turned and smiled at him as he came in.  The Colonel stood 
up and pointed at a chair.  "Take a seat, Pvt. Halick," he said.  The 
soldier sat.
	One of the civilians piped up, "Colonel Thayer, this is not..." 
but the Colonel stopped him with a raised hand.  
	"Halick, this is Mr. O'Shea, of the Boston Chronicle," said the 
Colonel, as one man nodded his head.  "and Mr. Mayfair of the Los 
Angeles Globe," and the man who had spoken nodded.  "They are here to 
publish your story, and ask you some questions.  The Public Relations 
department leaked some of your tale, and the public wants to know more.  
Do you understand, Halick?"
	"Yes, sir.  I understand," said Halick.
	Mayfair addressed the Colonel again.  "Listen, Colonel Thayer, I 
was told that we'd see physical evidence.  So far, I don't see
anything but this G.I. here."
	"The evidence will be available for your examination, gentlemen, 
after Pvt. Halick has had his say.  Okay, Pvt." said Colonel Thayer,
"tell us what happened, in your own words, the night of August 3rd, 
1943."  Thayer leaned back in his chair, put his feet up on the desk, 
and lit a cigarette.
	Halick frowned a moment, collecting his thoughts.  He took a 
breath, and began.
	"My squad was on a little island, number AP171 the Army calls 
it.  We had been ordered to destroy a Nip radar station there.  No way 
to get any plane close enough.  The radar would pick 'em up, and the 
flak guns would shoot 'em down.  So, HQ figured our best bet was to 
send-in five guys on a raft; a demolitions team.  I was just a private 
then, not even dry behind the ears.  I recall we were dropped off of a 
sub.  The tincan had to submerge again ASAP, so nobody on the island 
would spot it.  They didn't even wait for us to get in the raft before 
they threw it overboard.  Anyway, we had our raft, hand weapons, and 
about 100 pounds of plastique and caps.  We figured to blow that Jap 
dish right off the map!"
	"How many men in your squad, Pvt. Halick?" asked O'Shea.
	"It was me, Ditka, Spinelli, Broski, and Davis.  I was the low-
man.  Guy with the lowest rank, ya see.  But they were all good men.  
Ditka and I had been best pals since boot camp.  Broski was the first 
guy to get me drunk."
	"How old were you then, Private?"
	"I was 22, Mr. Mayfair.  Just a dumb, hick country hayseed from 
Marion Indiana.  I'd never even been in a plane before I joined the 
service.  And one night, Broski and I went to this little club 
-2-.)0/
outside Fort Bragg, and..." but he was cut-off by the Colonel, who told 
him to continue the story.
	"Well, anyway, the five of us were all dressed in black, and we 
beached the raft on the south side of the island.  It didn't really have 
a beach there, just a steep cliff.  But the Nips wouldn't expect anybody 
to land there, see?  It was about 11:30 at night, I think.  We pulled 
the plug on the raft, so it deflated, and we hid it under a fallen palm 
tree.  We took the explosives, and started for the radar building, which 
was up on a hill.  Of course, we had to move slowly and be real careful.  
The Gooks had patrols all over the place.  They also used boobytraps.  
Spinelli was point man, which meant he went first.  He had to really 
watch the ground.  I know we were climbing up the hill, crawling on our 
guts through the leaves and weeds, but making good time.  Then we 
stopped, and the word comes down from Spinelli and down the line.  
Broski, he's in front of me, see, and he says 'wire.'  Well, I know what 
that means.  I passed it to Ditka, and he passed it to Davis.  Then we 
started moving again.  When I got up to where Spinelli had been, I saw 
the wire.  It was so thin, it looked like a piece of dark hair.  But if 
you followed the wire, with your eyes, ya know, ya could see a grenade 
hidden in a plant.  If ya'd hit that wire, the pin would pop, and Uncle 
Sam gives your Mom a flag.
	"So, we were getting closer and closer to this building, and we 
heard voices.  Three slants go walkin' right in front of Spinelli!  I
mean, if he'd reached out his arm, he could'a tripped 'em!  But, like I 
said, we were in black, and it was dark, and all. So the gooks didn't 
see us.  They kept walking, talking that sayonara shit.  
	"Then we saw the radar building.  It was just a big block, with 
a small dish beside it.  But it had to go down!  So Spinelli, he 
motions Davis and me up.  Davis was carrying the blasting caps, and I 
had the gelatin.  Broski was the expert, so we unloaded our packs while 
Spinelli and Ditka kept watch.  Broski started packing the gel and stuff 
around the tower and all that.  Then he set the caps, and a timer and 
dope switch."
	"Excuse me, Private.  A 'dope switch'" questioned Mayfair.
	"Oh.  Sorry.  Slang for a switch that will set-off the bomb if 
the enemy finds it and starts playing around with it.  Kinda like a 
failsafe."
	Mayfair scribbled that down in his notes, and motioned Halick to 
continue.
	"So, anyway...the charges were down, and we had to shagtail it 
out of there.  The sub was only allowed to wait till 0400, then it had 
to leave.  If we weren't at the pickup point by 0330, we were on our 
own!  So, we get back on our bellies, Spinelli in front again, but with 
me second from last.  Broski was behind me.  And we start crawling back 
down that hill.
	"I don't think we'd got more than 50 yards downhill when 
suddenly the alarms went off.  I don't know how the gooks discovered us, 
but all at once the air is full of Jap curses and flying bullets! Well, 
we couldn't stay flat anymore!  We jumped up and ran like hell!
It's kinda funny what your mind does when you're really white-face 
scared.  I mean, everything just slows down, but you!  So we were all 
dashing down that hill like the Devil himself is after us.  We can 
-3-.)0/
hear the Japs behind us, running and stumbling and shooting.  We were 
all spread out, but I know Davis was to my right.  
	"I think it was Broski who did it.  He was a big Polack from 
Chicago, and he wasn't used to being careful.  So I think maybe it was 
him who hit the wire.  Or it may have been a grenade that the gooks 
behind us threw.  But suddenly, the whole world jumped under my feet 
like a cheap whore coming."  He stopped.  "Ooops...I guess you guys 
can't print that, huh?"  Halick grinned, sheepishly.
	"I think we can work around it, Private," smiled O'Shea.  "Go 
on."
	"Well, like I said...the world blew up!  There was this huge 
white light to my left, and a big booming thud, and it felt like this 
huge hand picks me up and slams me to the ground.  I fell flat, and I 
knew I'd been hit by shrapnel.  Just kinda knew it, ya know?
	"Well, I'm layin' there, hurt and shook.  I couldn't move, 
couldn't feel my legs.  Then there was this feeling that something had 
grabbed my hand, and I was sliding across the ground.  I recall the 
thought flashing in my head that it was one of the guys; I'd been 
grabbed and they were saving me.  Then everything went black."
	Halick stopped, clearing his throat.  Seeing his discomfort, the 
Colonel thumbed an intercom switch and ordered a pitcher of ice water 
and glasses.  O'Shea was glancing over his notes, puzzlement evident on 
his wide face.  He looked up at Halick, and asked, "What did you think 
of the Beatles, son?"
	"Beetles, sir?  We never had beetles.  Locusts real bad one 
year, but never beetles.  Why?"
	"Oh, never mind.  Go on with your story.  You were being dragged 
across the ground..."
	"Yes, sir.  Well, like I say, I was being pulled along, and all 
around me I could hear the fighting.  I heard gunshots, yelling, more 
shots...but I couldn't see anything.  The sounds got fainter and 
fainter...then it was quiet.  I was still being dragged, but I couldn't 
see because it was so dark.  I thought maybe I'd died, and that the 
devil was dragging me to hell.  It felt like we were going down.  I was 
scared as shit.  I felt cold.  I think I must have been losing a lot of 
blood, from that shrapnel I took, ya know?
    	"After what musta been an hour, whatever had ahold of my hand 
let go.  It was still pitch black, but I knew I wasn't moving anymore. I 
was starting to get some feeling back in my arms, but I still couldn't 
feel my legs.  My eyes searched the darkness, looking for whoever was 
there with me.  Then the place lit up, real bright, like a flashbulb 
went off.  Made my eyes hurt, I'll tell ya that!
	"So, now the lights were on.  I'm looking up at dirt, like a 
cave roof, about 20 feet above me.  I turn my head to the side, and 
there's this girl!  She was crouched down just out of reach, and when 
she saw me looking, she snatched this dagger out of a sheath on her hip.  
I could see her green eyes flashing anger and fear, and I remember 
thinking 'a guy could get stuck here!"
	"What did this girl look like, Private," asked Mayfair.  "What 
was she wearing?"
	"To tell you the truth, sir, at the time I wasn't worried about 
that.  All I was thinking about was that knife and where she planned on 
putting it!
-4-.)0/
	"I tried to speak, but my voice was kinda husky; dry, ya know?  
But I did manage to say, 'it's okay...I'm not gonna hurt ya, lady.'  
I don't think she could understand me, but when she looked in my eyes, I 
guess she got the message.  She slid the knife back into the sheath, and 
seemed less frightened.  I still didn't know what the hell was going on.  
But she wasn't Japanese, and she could've killed me up on the surface, 
so I figured she wasn't gonna hurt me.
	"I tried to sit up, and couldn't.  I managed to push myself up 
onto my elbows, and look down.  My legs were there, but the pantlegs 
were dark with drying blood.  Seeing that, and the movement of sitting 
up got to me...my head swam, and I lay down again.  Well, to be 
honest...I sorta plopped down again.  The room was turning like a 
whirlpool.  My stomach was spinning too, but in the opposite direction."
	The door opened, and the Colonel's secretary brought a glass 
pitcher of water in.  He sat it on the desk, saluted Thayer, and left.  
Mayfair poured a glassful and handed it to Halick, saying he should 
continue his tale.
	Halick sipped his drink, then asked Thayer, "am I doing alright, 
sir?"
	"Just fine, son.  Just tell the truth."
	"Yes, sir.  So, I'm lying on the floor, hoping I don't fall off, 
and this girl comes closer and leans over me.  For the first time, I can 
see how pretty she is.  She had hair the color of sun-bleached sand, 
long and straight.  I guess she was about 25, maybe 26, with
a straight nose, high cheekbones, and pouty lips.  She slid a hand under 
my head, and put something soft under it.  That made the room really 
spin, and I thought I was gonna heave.  But she held her hand up above 
my face, and she was holding a thing that looked like a little 
lightbulb.  It was glowing, and she brought it close to my face.  I 
asked her what it was, and she didn't say anything...just pressed it on 
my forehead," and Halick touched his finger to his skull, just between 
his eyebrows.  "The moment she did that, the room stopped moving.  I 
felt something weird, like cool air blew through my brain, and my 
stomach settled right down!  It was real screwy!
	"She took the light away, and lifted my head so I can see my 
legs.  I watched her pull that dagger again, and cut my pants away.  I 
know she had to peel them off carefully, because they'd stuck to the 
wounds.  I guess I took more shrapnel than I had thought.  But when the 
cloth came away, it pulled on the raw flesh.  I couldn't feel it.  My 
heart sank into my ass.  The word 'paralyzed' kept bouncing in my head."
	"But you're walking today, Private," said O'Shea.
	"That's right, sir.  And I thank God for it.  But anyway, she 
took off my shoes, and while she stared into my eyes, she pricked my 
toes with the needle-point of that knife.  When it didn't register, she 
frowned.  Then she began cutting off my boxers too!  I musta turned 5 
shades of red!  I mean, I'd never been naked in front of a woman but my 
mom before!  I said she shouldn't do that, but she just did it anyway.  
Then she began to take off my shirts.  She didn't pull them out from 
under my back, but she slid my arms out of the sleeves.  Now I was naked 
as Adam.  She sat beside me for a moment, just sorta staring at me, like 
she'd never seen a naked man before.  
-5-.)0/
I was staring at her, too...believe you me!  She was wearing this 
thing...like something I saw in National Geographic once.  The docs here 
at the base had me draw what it was, and they said it was like a bikini, 
but I don't know about that.  If a girl had worn clothes like that in 
Marion, she'd be arrested on the spot!  It was like a brassiere, but 
made of light brown leather.  She had this, like, loincloth on her 
bottom end.  It was short, stopping just at the bottom of 
her...her...well, you know."
	"Her 'crotch," prompted Mayfair?
	"Yeah.  Her crotch.  Can I say that in the papers?"
	"You say it the way you want to, soldier.  We'll clean it up for 
publication.  And, if what I hear about you is true, we can print things 
that would surprise you."
	Colonel Thayer interrupted, saying, "Just imagine you are 
telling this story to Broski and Ditka in the locker room at Bragg.  Use 
whatever language you want."
	"It got kinda...uh...rough, sir," stumbled Halick.
	"I know, son.  I've read the reports.  Just say it the way you 
want to."
	"Yes, sir, Colonel.  This girl starts running her hands over my 
body, almost like she's looking for something.  I mean, it felt good and 
all that, but it wasn't sexual, like.  Ever go look at the new cars at 
the dealers?  And ya run your hands over the upholstery, the bumpers, 
the running boards...  You're admiring the car, ya know?  It was kinda 
like that, but I got the feeling she was kicking my tires too.  I 
couldn't really enjoy it much, cause this was all so weird!  The picture 
of me sitting in a wheelchair for the rest of my life that was in my 
head didn't help either.
	She pushed me over on my stomach, and for the first time, I 
could see the floor.  It was hard and smooth...like metal or tile, but 
it wasn't either of them.  I felt her put her hand on my forehead, and 
then start scratching her fingernails down my spine with her other hand.  
About the middle of my back, I couldnt feel it anymore, and I guess it 
was there that the spinal cord had been damaged."
	"Weren't you in any pain, Halick," asked O'Shea.
	"Not really, sir.  The docs here tell me that I musta been in 
some kinda shock.  They also talk about something called 'endorphins' 
whatever they are.  But they think it had something to do with that.
	"Anyway, when she found that spot in my back, she got up, and 
walked to the other side of the room.  I turned my head to watch her, 
and she had a box over there.  It was about the size of a foot locker, 
but it was bright blue.  She opened it, and took out something that 
looked like a slingshot, but without the rubberbands.  It was only about 
the size of a pencil.  Then she brings the slingshot over to me, and 
sits back down at my side.  I couldn't see what she did, but I felt her 
draw that thing down my back, and all of a sudden my ass caught fire!  I 
felt like somebody was pulling the skin off my back!  I tried not to cry 
out, but it wasn't any good.  I bit my lip until it bled, and tears were 
welling up in my eyes.  But I couldn't hold it back.  I screamed.  God, 
it hurt like all hell!  Then it was over.  
	"I lay there, trembling and sweaty.  The pain was gone, but the 
-6-.)0/
memory was fresh!  Then I felt something...tickling.  I jerked, and 
it sure felt like I moved my leg!  I pushed myself onto my back again, 
and there was the girl with a blade of grass, tickling my toes!  I 
wiggled them in amazement.  I could feel my legs!  Whatever she had 
done, she'd given me my legs back!  She saw the wonder on my face, and 
smiled at me.  She had the whitest teeth I'd ever seen.  Maybe it was 
her golden-tan skin, but they looked white as milk!  She had produced a 
small can from somewhere, and was pulling out gobs of gooey stuff.  She 
began rubbing it on my wounds, and man...it felt good!  Like when you've 
been on a twelve-mile hike, and can finally take your boots off for the 
night, ya know?
	"The next few hours, I kept asking her questions, and she kept 
acting like she didn't speak English.  I had learned a few words of 
French, back when I was in boot camp.  A guy named DeSaales taught me, 
since he hoped we'd get stationed in Europe and could go whoring in 
Paris someday after the war.  So, I tried a few words of French on her, 
but that didn't get me anywhere either.  When I tried to sit up, she 
pushed me back down.  I figured she wanted me to lie there, and not mess 
up whatever she did on my back."
	O'Shea stood up and walked over to the window.  He stood for a 
moment, looking out at the afternoon activity of the Fort Dix troops.
Then he turned back to Halick.  "How many wounds did you have, private?"
	"Couldn't say for sure, sir.  I know I had at least one in my 
back, and I saw one long one that had cut across both my legs.  I think 
there were more than that, but like I say..."
	"Bad wounds, were they?"
	"They looked bad, sir.  But I'm no doctor."
	"Would you mind rolling your pantlegs up, private?"
	"No, sir.  With the Colonel's permission."  The Colonel nodded, 
and Halick leaned over to pull his pantcuffs up above the knees.  His 
legs were without blemish, clean and unmarked.
	"Where are the scars, Halick?  Bad wounds should leave scars."  
O'Shea's face wore an 'I gotcha' smile as he said it.
	"I don't know, Mr. O'Shea.  Nearest I can figure is the goop she 
put on the gashes healed 'em without scarring."  He rolled his cuffs 
back down, and continued his narrative.
	"Well, this girl wouldn't let me get up for two days.  She did 
everything for me.  She brought me food and water, and big leaves from 
outside to use for shi...for a latrine.  I lost track of the time, 
because I couldn't see the sun.  I never was one to wear a watch."
	"If you couldn't see the sun, how did you see in the cave?"  
This time it was Mayfair looking for details.
	"She had some kinda lamp there.  It wasn't like anything I'd 
ever seen.  It was a tube, about as thick as your thumb and a foot long.  
When it was lying on the floor, it was dark.  But when she stood it on 
end, it lit up like a floodlight.  
	"Anyway, that was about two days, I think.  Sometimes she'd go 
up the tunnel we'd come down.  I knew my patrol had been long gone, if 
they'd survived the Jap attack.  And with the gooks up there, I wasn't 
in a hurry to go up.  
	"During our time together, I tried to teach the girl some 
-7-.)0/
English.  She picked it up pretty quickly.  Soon we could talk together.  
I found out that her name was Shauna, and that she was from somewhere 
called Shey-Ar-En.  She and her family had been sent here for research 
on the island.  But then the Japs came.  Their first flyover wrecked 
Shauna's folk's trasport.  Bombing flyovers are SOP, ya know."
	Both reporters looked at each other, and Mayfair asked, "Could 
you explain that a little better, son?  'SOP, bombing flyovers' stuff 
like that we civilians don't understand."
	"Well, when an occupational force is gonna land on an island, 
they send planes to bomb the island first.  Soften-up any natives, wreck 
any enemy encampments...that kinda thing is SOP...Standard Operating 
Procedure."
	"And one of these bombs killed Shauna's parents and wrecked 
their plane?"
	That's what she said.  But, now that ya mention it...she never 
said 'plane.'  She said 'ship.'  I guess they musta come on a boat.  But 
the baseline is that she was as stuck there as me.  
	"On the third day, Shauna let me stand up.  Man, it felt real 
good to get on my feet.  I wanted to go out and look around, real 
careful, you know?  But Shauna said it wasn't safe, not in the daylight.  
So we waited until night.  While we waited, we talked.  I got to 
explaining about Hitler, and Mussolini, and Tojo...you know...the whole 
Japanazi mess.  She said she'd had no idea what the Japs (she called 'em 
Yellow Men) wanted on the island, or that there was a war on even!  I 
guessed she must have been from Switzerland or some other neutral 
country, not to know about the War.  When I started telling her what the 
war was all about, and how many people were dying in it...she began to 
cry.  I mean, really sobbing!  I felt real bad for her, and slid over to 
her and put my arm around her shoulder.  She was shaking all over. and 
we just sat on the floor holding each other while she cried herself out.
	"Now, I'm a gentleman.  My Mama raised me right.  But, ya gotta 
remember, I hadn't been with a woman in 4 months!  So I hope ya won't 
think less of me when I tell ya that she was getting me hot.  I mean, 
this beautiful girl, wearing almost nothing, and me still naked as 
Adam...  Well, old Woody started saluting, if you get my meaning!"
	"You were getting horny," smiled O'Shea.
	"Yeah...that's the word the doc used when I told him this 
story," said Halick.  "Horny.  I was gettin' all horny!  Ya sure ya 
wanna hear this adult stuff?"
	Both reporters quickly nodded, so Halick continued.
	"Shauna looked down, and she saw what my prick was doing.  Her 
eyes got real big, and she just stared at it for a minute.  Then she 
asked me what was wrong with it.  I guess she musta been a virgin, cause 
she sure looked serious when she asked it.  She said she'd never seen a 
man naked before, just me.  Well, I tried to explain what a man's penis 
was and why it gets hard, and she just stared at me with her mouth 
hanging open and her eyes staring like I just told her Churchill was my 
sister.
	"Like I say, my Mama taught me right.  I wasn't gonna try 
anything with Shauna, her being a virgin and all.  But I sure wanted to!  
She smelled so good, so clean!  Even living in that cave.  Come 
-8-.)0/
to think of it, she always was clean.  I mean, her skin always kinda 
glistened...like she was just a little sweaty, ya know?  Her skin felt 
dry enough, but it...gleamed.  Not like metal does, but like it was just 
a little damp.  I never thought about it before.
	"Well, Shauna gets up and walks behind me, and starts playing 
with my back where she'd operated on me.  I could feel her nails 
scratching at my skin, and it tickled good!  I've always liked 
that...kinda gets me horny.  Well, Woody was still up, but feeling her 
fingernails on my back just made it worse.  Goosebumps were spreading on 
my skin, and she asked about that.  I told her that it meant I was 
enjoying her nails on my back.  I heard her giggle, and then she really 
clawed my back!  I stiffened as I felt her rake those nails down my 
spine!  I thought she'd laid my back open for sure!  That did it!  I 
wasn't gonna miss this piece of poontang!  I grabbed her wrist, and 
guided her around to face me.  Then I kissed her.  She reacted like a 
wildcat!  At first she pulled back, and then she kissed me back!  Boy, 
did she kiss me back!
	"Shauna pulled out of my arms, and went to that green footlocker 
she had.  She brought out a ball, about the size of a poolball.  It was 
smokey grey, and little lights danced in it.  She brought it over to me, 
and pressed it against my chest.  I felt this cool feeling wash over my 
skin, like a trickle of water had just run down my chest.  I smiled, and 
she grinned wide.  Then she pressed the ball against my forehead.  I 
watched as the little lights got brighter, and then I heard drums.  They 
weren't in my ears, though...they were playing in my head!  They were 
like jungle drums...slow and strong...kinda like an Indian tom-tom.  It 
was wild!  Shauna took my hand and put in on her breast, and I could 
feel her heartbeat.  It was in perfect time with that drum in my skull!  
That's another weird thing...she put my hand on her right breast.  I 
didn't think anything of it at the time...but it was the wrong side.  I 
shouldn't have been able to feel her heartbeat on that side, should I?"
	All three men shrugged their shoulders, indicating that they 
didn't know.  
	"Now Shauna rolled the ball down my body, and up under my balls. 
When it touched my nuts, suddenly the drums weren't just in my 
head...they were all through my body!  I could feel them in my fingers 
and toes, sense the beat in my heart and blood.  It was eerie!"
	"And it didn't occur to you to wonder where this Shauna got such 
a remarkable device," questioned O'Shea.
	"Like I said, sir...I'm just a dumb ol' country-boy from Marion 
Indiana.  For all I knew, these things were as common as Fords wherever 
she came from.  And if you think that I was worrying about that, with 
that sweet girl in my arms playing with my soldier...well, what would 
YOU be thinking about?
	"Anyway, these drums were beating in my muscles, my blood.  And 
they were beating in my Johnson too!  He was standing up taller and 
harder than I'd ever seen him do!  I was so ready, I thought I'd bust!  
Now, Shauna dropped the grey poolball to the floor, and kissed me again.  
While our lips were pressed together, I began rubbing her orange-sized 
breasts.  They slid around in that leather bra she was wearing, but they 
felt firm as anything.  She moaned in my mouth and 
-9-.)0/
pushed her tits into my hands.  I could feel her nipples getting harder 
under the soft leather.  It wasn't long before I had her top bunched up 
under her armpits, and was pinching those long nips with my fingers.  
She was really enjoying it, and she put her hands on mine, pulling my 
hands so I was really stretching her nipples.  They were a pretty coral 
pink, and as big as the end of my little finger!  She was having a great 
time with that.  Then, when I bent down and took one of 'em in my mouth 
and sucked on it...I thought she'd lose her mind!  She just went wild!  
She was gasping and trembling and saying my name over and over...  
	"I laid her down on the hard floor, and started untying her 
leather panties.  I got them off easy, and was surprised to find that, 
though she had a bush, it was really neat and short.  I don't think she 
trimmed it; it didn't look perfect enough for that.  But it wasn't so 
long that it'd choke a man.  I crawled between those long, muscular legs 
of hers, sitting back on my calves.  I took her hand, and guided it to 
my hard rod.  She wrapped her hand around ol' Woody, and started to 
stroke it softly.  With each stroke, the drums in my body became louder 
and faster.  She kept perfect time with the drums, making me more and 
more excited.  Drops of juice were dripping out of my digger, running 
down her fist.  Damn, it felt great!  But there was that pussy...lying 
there, winking at me.  I could see it was sparkling with moisture, and I 
could imagine I could hear it saying, 'hi soldier...looking for a good 
time?'  So, I leaned forward, and she guided my dick into her hole.
	Oh shit, she was hot inside!  It felt like sticking my meat into 
a cup of hot coffee!  I couldn't believe it.  I could feel her legs 
bending around behind my back, pulling me deeper into her.  Her cunny 
sucked on my dick like a second mouth, again, in perfect time to that 
hypnotic drum I felt inside myself.
	"Shauna's blonde head tossed back and forth on the floor, as she 
dug her nails into my ass.  Her muscular legs stretched and tightened, 
pulling me forward again and again.
	"Well, between her sucking notch and those drums, and me not 
having touched a woman since forever...I couldn't hold out long!  I 
tried thinking about baseball, but Babe Ruth wasn't helping!  She was 
shouting and crying and laughing and coming all over the place!  Her 
juices were running down my balls and across my thighs.  I've never seen 
a woman come so hard!
	"Then, I could feel the sperm boiling in my nuts.  I knew it was 
too late.  I couldn't hold it back.  I came hard, my balls spitting 
about a pint of jizz into her!  I know I was howling, but I don't know 
what I said.  I was filled with the drums, and she was filled with my 
sperm.  Finally, spent, I collapsed on her.
	" I realized as I lay on her heaving body that I couldn't hear 
the drums anymore.  They stopped about the same time ol' Woody shot his 
last bullet.  
	"Well, after a while, Shauna disengaged herself from me, and got 
up.  I was still washed-out, so I just lay there on my back.  I could 
hear her saying how good it had felt.  Then she came and sat down with 
me.  She had a little box, kinda like a matchbox, in her hand.  She told 
me that it wasn't safe for me to be on the island anymore.  She was 
afraid the gooks had heard us screwing around.  She said that
-10-.)0/
there would be a ship coming for her soon, but that I couldn't go with 
her.  It wouldn't be allowed.  But she was going to keep me safe until 
somebody could come to pick me up.  Then she showed me the box, and 
pressed a button on it.  I felt my brain turn over in my head, and 
that's the last thing I remember until last week.  Some developer from 
Texas had come to look over the island, and he was sure surprised when I 
came walking buck-naked out of a cave in the ground! I looked for Shauna 
all around in the cave, but she and her miracle light, and green 
footlocker were gone."
	"Was there anything left in the cave," asked O'Shea?
	"Just some paintings on a wall.  I couldn't make heads or tails 
out of 'em."
	Colonel Thayer interupted.  "Our top cryptologists went into 
that cave.  They found pictoglyphs of a girl which Halick identifies as 
Shauna, as well as another...which looks remarkably like Private Halick!  
There is also these..." and he produced a folder from his desk drawer.  
He drew some photos from it, and passed them to the reporters.  They 
looked at the glossies, brows knitted in thought.  They looked at Thayer 
with questions in their eyes.  He simply said "we don't know.  You tell 
me."
	Mayfair handed O'Shea a photo.  "You're the science editor on 
your paper.  Tell me that this ISN'T what I THINK it is."
	O'Shea's eyes widened.  His finger traced a pattern of white 
spots on the paper...spots on the wall of that Pacific Ocean cave.  
"It's the Big Dipper," he whispered.  "But it's backwards...like it 
would be seen from," and his eyes involuntarily looked skywards.  He 
looked at the other photo he held...the one of a golden-haired girl 
walking into a door in the side of a tremendous silver disk.  Also on 
the picture was a shot of the disk blasting it's way into the sky over a 
small, green, tropical island.
	Thayer was holding one last picture.  He held it up for the men 
to see.  It was an X-ray of a man's back.  At the bottom, it read: Pvt. 
C. Halick, vertebreal x-ray number 4701.  In the spinal structure, near 
the middle, was a dark Y-shaped object.  Thayer said, "We can't take it 
out.  It's the only thing holding his spinal cord together.  But we've 
run tests on it.  It's far beyond anything our medical science has.  We 
don't even have the technology to do the surgery, let alone create the 
implant.  On top of that, the implant is made of some material we've 
never seen before.  We ran out of explanations days ago."
	Halick looked at the reporters.  The reporters looked at Halick. 
He was a young man.  Only about 23 years old.  As the Colonel had told 
them when they were asked to attend this conference, Halick's 
fingerprints had confirmed it was him.  His military records had been 
authenticated, showing him a casualty of the mission to AP171 in August 
1943.  His body had never been found.  This was Halick.  No doubt of 
that.
	Thayer broke the silence.  "We want to ask your cooperation in 
keeping a lid on this for a few more days.  Long enough for us to finish 
cleaning up the cave on AP171.  See, we found a note, written in another 
language on the floor by the spot where Halick had lain.  The 
cryptographers aren't certain, but the words seem to indicate that 
Shauna and her friends are coming back for a visit.  Two days 
-11-.)0/
from now, they should be arriving.  The U.N. is getting ready to welcome 
them as Ambassadors.  We'd appreciate your help in getting the public 
prepared for the visit."
	Halick stood up, saying that he was due for a test in Medical 
Division.  The Colonel dismissed him.  He saluted, and went out the 
door.  The reporters watched the WW2 veteran walk away, still a spry 23 
years old.  Then they began discussing how they would break the news to 
President Bush that Ambassadors were coming from out of town...a very 
long way out of town.



					FINI


All rights reserved 
Nov. 13, 1991

========================================================================
NixPix Windy City (NixPix Net HQ)    708 564 1754
NixPix Central (the original Nick)   303 920 1263
NixPix Sweden                        011 46 40 110590
NixPix Austria                       011 43 7719 8871
NixPix Finland                       011 358 0 298 3390

Remember -- fun and communication is what we're all about!
==========================================================================
