Copyright © 1997, Carnal Quill.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





Camp Eden Kids 2
By The Carnal Quill (as Magic Wand)


Meanwhile...

Anne laughed so hard at young Max’s tasteless joke that she nearly choked on 
the half-chewed bratwurst sandwich in her mouth.  She fought to get it down 
before bursting out with renewed mirth, thinking that in all her 34 years, she 
had never felt so young and carefree as she did right now.

Suddenly alone after 12 years of mostly unhappy marriage, Anne decided six 
months ago to accept an ex-patriot position far from home.  Soon after 
arriving, she had realized that she’d left a country that claimed to be free 
and landed in one that really was.  Her native roommate had introduced her to 
Camp Eden, and she was now an enthusiastic regular.

All of her adult life, Anne had struggled with a strong desire to have sex 
with young boys.  Never able to act on it, she had found herself growing ever 
more unhappy with her life.  Sex with her husband had been merely a duty to 
perform; a pleasant duty, but a duty none the less.  Eventually her 
discontentment and lack of fulfillment had contributed to the collapse of her 
marriage.

How things change.  Since joining the camp, she had been overwhelmed by the 
feeling of sexual freedom.  Sex with and between young people was not only 
tolerated, but actually encouraged by most parents.  Their STD and pregnancy 
prevention program was the most thorough and effective she had ever heard of.

It hadn’t taken her long to establish herself as an outstanding and popular 
art teacher.  She reveled in the weekly contact with her enthusiastic young 
students, two of which had accompanied her on this picnic today.  It had taken 
her months to gather the courage to ask these two handsome young boys into the 
back woods with her, but now she wondered why she had waited so long.  Perhaps 
it was because she had felt obligated to ask their parents’ permission, but 
she needn’t have worried.  They had been so pleased and excited that there was 
a celebratory dinner planned for later in the evening.  There was no doubt 
what a picnic in the woods involved at Camp Eden, and both families had been 
delighted that the boys would have such an experience with their art teacher.  
Unbelievable!

She had felt somewhat indulgent in asking two boys at the same time on her 
first date, but they were inseparable friends, and her favorites.  She 
couldn’t have asked one without sorely hurting the other, and that would have 
been unthinkable for her, so she’d invited both.  What can a woman do?

So here she was, on a sex picnic with two handsome 12-year-old boys, giggling 
like a teeny-bopper.  Who would have thought?

She gazed at their smooth, sleek bodies with unabashed appreciation as they 
entertained her with the most bawdy jokes and stories that they knew.  This 
must be part of their mating ritual, a piece of her mind decided, introducing 
the subject of sex and raising the group’s comfort level for what everyone 
knew would come.  Interestingly, they stuck to fictional things and never 
mentioned their past experiences, numerous as they must have been.  For boys 
barely a year into puberty, she had no doubt that sex had been a part of their 
lives for years.  It must be from deference to me, she thought.  Even at their 
tender age, they feel that it’s not polite to discuss past sexual partners in 
front of a potential one.

Anne mentally shook herself and blocked Dr. Anne out of her mind.  This was 
certainly not a situation she wanted to over-analyze.  Instead she let herself 
admire the two boys.  They were nearly opposites in looks.  Max was lean and 
dark, with short black hair that hung in bangs over his forehead.  His brown 
eyes were cheerful and bright, with graceful thin arcs over them.  His nose 
was short and button-like, over a wide mouth with a nearly permanent smile and 
his upper lip had the faintest hint of dark peach fuzz.  His chest was thin 
and bony, and his stomach was enviably flat.  His abdomen was smooth and 
hairless, with a well-defined crease forming a V pointed at his genitals.   
Two tiny tufts of black curls grew to either side of his slender, 
uncircumcised penis.  It was semi-erect at the moment, and she judged to be 
about three inches long and an inch wide in its current state.  His scrotum 
was small and loose, with its jelly-bean-sized glands clearly defined at the 
bottom.  His thighs were smooth and slender, and his legs were downright 
skinny, with the beginnings of hair starting to appear.

Latso was a light blond with full, shoulder-length hair and bright blue eyes.  
He had dark brows and a long, straight nose with narrow nostrils at the end.  
His lips were full and red, forming a gorgeous pout when he wasn’t smiling.  
But that smile could take her breath away.  He was of stockier build than Max, 
with nicely defined little muscles in his chest and meatier stomach and waist.  
Not fat, just sturdy.  His abdomen was completely void of hair, but his 
equipment was somewhat larger than Max’s.  His uncut penis, also slightly 
aroused was a little longer and thicker than Max’s.  His scrotum, though, was 
twice as large as Max’s, and hung more tightly, forming a ball about four 
inches around.  His testicles weren’t as visible, but she had seen them 
hanging loosely and knew that the were probably better than twice as large.

She set the rest of her sandwich down, growing disinterested in eating as she 
watched the boys gesticulate and make faces in their story-telling.  Neither 
of them seemed to have eaten much, so she decided to re-pack the picnic basket 
and clear the blanket.  For awhile, she sat primly with her knees at her chin 
and her arms wrapped around her legs as she listened intently.  She had been 
careful not to open her legs too widely to the boys, not wanting to appear 
lewd as she sat on the blanket with them.  Now, though, as she watched their 
penises growing quite erect with their sex talk, she felt her own body begin 
to respond.

Anne felt her sensitive nipples hardening against her smooth, creamy thighs 
and she began to twist back and forth slightly to massage them.  She also felt 
her vaginal tissues begin to swell as her clitoris became erect and began to 
throb.  Soon her lubricants began to flow and she felt her canal become slick 
with wetness.  She squeezed her thighs together, enjoying the delicious 
pressure against her swollen tissues.

After one particularly explicit story, the boys finally seemed to run out of 
steam.  Max now sported a four-inch erection that curved gracefully upward.  
Latso’s thicker five inches was sticking straight out.  Max’s scrotum had 
tightened up into a hemispherical shape about two inches around.  Both boys 
scooted closer to her, one at each knee and facing her.  Max leaned back with 
his legs straight out, his erection proudly waving over his abdomen while 
Latso sat facing her slightly with his inner knee on the blanket and his arm 
resting on his upraised outer one.  She could see his hard-on throbbing with 
his heartbeat.

“Tell us a story now, Anne!”  Latso said breathlessly.

“Yes, Anne, please!”  Max chimed in.

Anne was having trouble catching her breath as she gazed at the wonderful 
young boy meat being proudly displayed for her.  She knew it wasn’t a story 
they wanted, and suddenly felt a little panicked.  Here was what she had 
desperately wanted for half her life, being presented on a silver platter, and 
she didn’t have the faintest idea what to do next!

But Anne’s body began to respond where her mind could not.  She felt her 
vagina clench as the swollen lining released a flood of juices that began to 
run out of the opening and down her bottom.  New adrenaline flooded through 
her, causing her heart to race and sweat to break out all over her body.  Her 
nipples almost hurt with their swelling.

“Um, well, it looks like you both could use more than a story.  I know I 
could!”  Anne said, casually leaning back on her arms like Max and spreading 
her legs just enough so that her erect clitoris and dripping inner folds 
became visible.  Her healthy, firm tits sported marble-sized nipples in the 
center of their large, dark aureole.

“Oh, yes, let’s have some fun!”  Latso agreed breathlessly as his eyes flicked 
between her breasts and crotch, his cock waving stiffly at her.  She could see 
the tip of his pale glans peeking out from its stretched foreskin, a little 
bead of clear boy cum perched on the end.

“Yes, let’s,” Max chimed in, scooting closer with his eyes fastened on the 
nearest nipple.  His delicate little boner bobbed stiffly, the foreskin just 
barely managing to contain it with a tiny pucker at the tip.

“OK, come give me a hug, you two!”  She said as she held out her arms 
invitingly.  They eagerly came against her.  Max moved his little bottom next 
to hers, his legs sticking straight out behind her, and wrapped his arms 
around her with one touching the bottom of her breasts.  Latso brought his 
thighs behind her back, touching her bottom, and wrapped his arms just below 
Max’s.  She put an arm around each boy and pulled their heads onto her 
shoulders.  They held each other tightly for awhile, their bodies swaying back 
and forth.

Anne sighed contentedly, feeling their rapid heartbeats and the warm rush of 
their excited breathing against her breasts and nipples.  Her chest burned 
with love for them, and she squeezed them fiercely, kissing each of them on 
the head.  She buried her nose in Latso’s thick blonde hair, inhaling the 
intoxicating aromas of shampoo, chlorine, smoke, soil, wood, sweat, and an 
intangible sweetness that she could only describe as boy.

Latso gave a quiet whimper and adjusted his position slightly.  She gasped 
into his hair as she felt the warm skin of his glans brush against her side, 
leaving a tiny trail of cool pre-cum across her skin.  Too excited to remain 
still, Anne began to stroke their backs, luxuriating in their smooth, soft 
skin.  The boys both seemed to take that as a cue to begin caressing her, too, 
and began to rub her back and stomach.  Reluctantly, she removed her nose from 
Latso’s hair and turned back to Max, who was looking up at her with shining 
eyes, smiling slightly.  Impulsively, she moved her face toward his, and 
before she knew it, their lips met.

Max groaned as she felt his thin, cool lips press against hers, and his breath 
came quickly through his nose and against her cheek.  She gasped into his 
mouth, amazed at the jolt the contact had caused in her.  No kiss with a man 
had ever been like this!  She ran her tongue across his lips, tasting him 
thoroughly.  She was thrilled when he opened his mouth and darted his slimy 
little tongue out to meet hers.  He giggled when she trapped it between her 
lips and began to suck it gently, flicking her own tongue across it and 
lapping up his sweetly metallic saliva.  Soon, they were taking turns hosting 
the other’s tongue deep inside their mouths, letting them wrestle with each 
other in between.

Meanwhile, Latso had begun to kiss her shoulder, working up to her neck while 
using one hand to hold her silky shoulder-length brown hair out of the way.  
He began to lick and nibble at her soft skin while rubbing his penis against 
her side with long, slow strokes.  His tongue against the sensitive skin just 
below her ear sent shivers down her spine, especially when he began to nibble 
gently.  When he began sucking strongly at her skin, she nearly cried out from 
the sensation.  Dimly, she knew that she’d develop a massive hickey if she let 
him continue, and didn’t know if she wanted to leave this encounter with a 
trophy like that from her picnic with two young boys.  Reluctantly, she 
disengaged from Max’s active Frenching and turned her attention to Latso, who 
eagerly took over.  His lips were larger and stronger than Max’s, and she 
concentrated on enjoying their taste and feel.

 Max had become emboldened by their kissing and moved his palm up to rest over 
her erect nipple on the breast near Latso.  She encouraged his initiative by 
giving him a quick squeeze, so he began to gently roll the nubbin between his 
thumb and forefinger.  Sparks of pleasure shot from the excited nipple to her 
vagina, causing it to spasm and release another gush of wetness.  She was 
positively drenched between her legs, now, and she was sure that she had never 
been this wet before.  Before she had time to fully absorb that new sensation, 
she felt Max’s wonderfully active tongue on her other nipple.  Overloaded, she 
threw her head back and squeezed her eyes shut as fireworks erupted inside her 
head.  Her hips bucked spastically as her aching love box tried desperately to 
clench around something and bathe it with her orgasmic cream.  But there was 
nothing in there, and the walls closed fruitlessly against themselves time 
after time as she bucked and heaved there on the blanket while the two boys 
watched excitedly.

Anne’s legs flew open lewdly,  baring her aroused flesh in all of its glory.  
The rosy red hood of her clitoris was thrown back, baring the love button by 
half-an-inch as it begged for contact.  She gasped as she felt her flow of 
thick cum begin to ooze out of the dilated entrance.  The pink inner flaps 
were fully parted into butterfly wings as the pearly jam began to flow over 
them like lava oozing out of a volcano.  Several huge contractions forced the 
hot girl cum from her depths as the boys watched in wonder.  Never had they 
seen a girl expend such a large amount of this thick white juice before, and 
they licked their lips hungrily, excited by its intensely erotic scent.  She 
fell onto her back, hardly aware of her surroundings, experiencing an orgasm 
so unlike anything she had experienced before, that she wondered if she might 
never stop cumming.

The boys glanced at each other, then dove for her steaming crotch, each 
lifting a leg and beginning to lap at their half of the swollen, sticky flesh.  
Anne lay and twitched as she felt the twin tongues eagerly cleaning up her 
lewd mess.  She felt the swelling in her vagina finally start to diminish, and 
her clit soften and disappear into its little home.  She could hear them 
grunting and smacking between her legs like piglets at the trough.  The 
experienced boys seemed to know the places she had grown sensitive and avoided 
them well, accounting for their tight fit, while concentrating on soothing the 
less sensitive areas as they fed on their liquid delight.  She was surprised 
to find that her desire for sex had not diminished one iota, in spite of her 
massive orgasm, and after a few more minutes of the boys’ careful attention, 
she felt the swelling begin to return.

The boys were taking turns, now, each getting a chance to lap at the entire 
area.  When she finally opened her eyes to watch them, Latso was watching Max 
eat her out.  She could feel Max’s tongue deep inside her canal, trying to 
find the last traces of her spend.

Suddenly Latso screwed up his face, and said softly to Max, “My balls hurt.  I 
gotta cum bad!”

“Me, too!”  Max agreed between laps.

Anne heard them and decided to rouse herself and give these terrific boys what 
they needed, and fulfill a favorite fantasy of hers as well.  She sat up and 
asked Max to lay down on his back.  He willingly agreed, and she straddled him 
on her knees so that her pussy was just over his face.  Latso knew exactly 
what she wanted to do, then, and positioned himself behind her.  She gazed 
hungrily at Max’s proudly waving erection and her mouth began to water.

Anne lowered her mouth until it was just over the tip of Max’s waving stalk.  
Then she puckered her lips and blew gently along it length.  She was pleased 
to see it jerk strongly as Max gave a loud groan of pleasure.  At the same 
time, she felt Latso’s hands on her hips as he positioned himself behind her 
bottom.  She inhaled deeply the light, bleachy scent of Max’s young, hairless 
scrotum; then blew slowly as the little balls churned slowly inside and the 
tiny hairs at its base waved in the breeze.

Max had a great view of Latso’s engorged 5-incher as it homed in on Anne’s wet 
opening.  The excited, dripping boy-tool passed right over his face, and he 
could smell the pleasant scent of the scrotum as it passed an inch from his 
nose.  He moaned aloud as he saw the wet, dripping leaves of Anne’s inviting 
twat quivering in front of him and felt her warm breath stimulating his 
sensitive pricklet and nuts.

“UNH!” Latso grunted as he felt his too-excited glans brush against the slimy 
hole of Anne’s cunt.  “AHH!”  He exclaimed as he felt not her welcoming warmth 
around his boyhood, but the throbbing nubbin of her clit scraping along the 
top of his erection as it passed along her pussy crack and into her scratchy 
bush.  He gritted his teeth, trying desperately not to cum as his abdomen was 
kissed by her inner lips and her cunt hair caressed his burning glans.

Anne stuck out her tongue and touched its tip against the little pucker of 
Max’s juvenile foreskin, wiggling it around and getting a strong response as 
the little boy-cock jerked straight up and back to her waiting tongue, which 
swirled around the covered glans and lapped its way down the underside to his 
tight little ball-sac.

Max helpfully reached up and took Latso’s trembling frankfurter in his 
fingers, holding it gently to avoid over-stimulating it.  As Latso quickly 
jerked back for another stab, Max pointed it toward its waiting target.  As 
Latso lunged, Max kept it on course until he saw the tip delve between the 
folds.

“OHH!”  Latso cried as he felt his superheated glans enter the hot cunt hole.  
The tight ring of muscle at the entrance pulled his protective foreskin back 
behind his corona, baring the entire mushroom to her snug, velvety wetness.  
When the excited little tool felt that, his boyishly delicate control crumbled 
instantly, and he was squirting before he’d gone an inch inside her.

“GAH!”  Latso yelped as he felt the spasm that sent the first little jet of 
boy juice shooting through his lance and spitting out the end, crashing 
against the steamy walls barely ahead of its source.  “AHH!”  He gasped 
repeatedly as the sturdy little rod sank quickly to the hilt and strained into 
her, continuing to gently splatter the sensitive folds of her love channel.

As she felt the first boy-cock of her life enter her, Anne moaned loudly and 
sucked Max’s whole scrotum into her mouth, licking and sucking at it hungrily 
as her cunt contracted happily against its long-awaited treat.  She clasped 
the base with her cunt muscles, trying to hold him inside her so she could 
continue to feel the hard little intruder filling her deliciously.  She 
screwed her hips around, causing his impaling member to crush against 
different parts of her love tunnel.  Then she felt a tongue gently lapping at 
her clit and stretched inner labia, causing her cunny to contract with 
pleasure.  A wonderful warmth was bathing her cervix, and she suddenly 
realized that Latso was grinding his hips slowly and spasmodically against 
her, holding her hips tightly the way her husband had when he came inside her.

As soon as Latso entered her, Max began to swipe his tongue around Anne’s 
swollen girl flesh.  Then he heard Latso’s familiar exclamation, and saw his 
scrotum sink to the entrance and stay there, his balls writhing an inch from 
Max’s face.  Latso had cum in Max’s presence so many times that Max knew 
immediately his super-horny friend had suffered one of his trademark premature 
ejaculations.  He began to include Latso’s pumping scrotum in his tongue’s 
circuit, trying to add what pleasure he could to the 12-year-old’s first 
climax with Anne.  When Latso’s wet wiener would emerge slightly during its 
grinding, spitting orgasm, Max would greedily lick the pussy juice off of it.

Able to wait no longer, Anne took her mouth from Max’s tight young balls, 
gasping with pleasure as she relished the feel of the hot boy-cum washing her 
horny cunt walls, then planted her lips around the covered little glans in 
front of her.  “Mmm,” she moaned as she used the circle of her lips to draw 
back the tight foreskin until it snapped behind his flaring corona.  Her 
tongue darted out to flick gently against the slimy, exposed helmet.  His 
whole body jumped strongly at the contact with his most sensitive piece of boy 
flesh, so she concentrated on sucking it gently until her mouth formed a 
tight, warm pocket around his entire shaft.  She buried her nose in his soft 
ball-sac, feeling the tiny, stiff hairs scratching at her lips.

Max squirmed as he felt his pricklet become engulfed in Anne’s sucking mouth.  
Latso finally stopped cumming and collapsed onto Anne’s back, letting his 
softening, dripping member ooze out of her sloppy snatch.  Lost in his own 
pleasure, Max carefully lapped the clinging boy-juice from the tip of Latso’s 
slightly exposed glans, the placed his tongue at the entrance to catch the 
stream of their combined juices as it drained from her flooded canal.  As Anne 
began to move her lips up and down on his aching boner, his eyes squeezed shut 
as he fought for the last remnants of his boyish control.  He took his hands 
off her hips and inserted them between their bodies to grasp her flattened 
breasts.

Anne felt Max’s soft palms wrap around her tits as she began to hungrily gulp 
Max’s stiffness.  Her cunt empty, she was able to put her full concentration 
on sucking the young boy’s dick.  She began to bob her head rapidly as the 
feel of his tongue on her cunt and hands kneading her breasts quickly brought 
her close to another orgasm.  She knew that she was going to bring the poor 
boy off sooner, but she was desperate to taste his young seed while Latso’s 
was still inside her cunt.

Max began to move his hips up and down as his body began to prepare for its 
release.  She held her head still and let him find his natural rhythm while 
she reached under him and grabbed a firm little bun in each hand.  She felt 
his tongue deep inside her while his hot breath blasted her clit and anus.  
Latso was running his hands up and down her sides as he lay against her back, 
kissing her spine.

Max’s thrusts came ever more quickly, his hot little dick never moving more 
than an inch or so from the back of her throat.  His balls were now pulled 
snugly against the base of his slender rod, emptying their modest supply of 
sperm into his swelling reservoir.  Her cunt began to spasm as she intimately 
shared his pleasure.  His mouth left her cunt suddenly as he began to squeal 
in ecstasy.

She felt Max squeeze her breasts roughly, his fingers digging into her soft 
flesh.  His hips froze in mid-motion, then came up against her face roughly 
and began a grinding, circular motion.  The little stalk planted itself deep, 
growing thicker and harder.

“Yiiiiieeeee!”  Max screamed in his piping voice as he felt his cocklet begin 
to jerk wildly. A bullet of boy juice tickled his urethra as it shot towards 
freedom.  His glans felt red-hot against the back of her throat as he strained 
to ram it deep.  More tiny bullets of his clear boy-cum quickly followed the 
first to splatter against her thirsty throat.

“Ah, ah, unh!”  Max was gasping as he ground his spurting, immature little rod 
into her mouth.  Anne, wanting it all, pulled at his small buns, trying to 
force the shooting thing even deeper.  She rubbed her nose on the velvety 
scrotal flesh, sniffing its boyish scent.  The watery fluid smeared her tongue 
and she moaned at it’s wonderful bitterness.

The young boy continued whimpering and bucking against her long after his boy 
glands had emptied themselves into her.  Dry spasms racked the aching tool as 
it jerked and pumped inside her hungry mouth.  Slowly, though, she felt the 
wonderful morsel begin to weaken and shrink.  She continued to hold it snugly 
in her mouth as the foreskin moved back into place and began to retreat.  With 
a final slurp, she stretched the little nipple and let it pop from her mouth.

Latso allowed her to roll off of Max and lie between them, her head near Max’s 
sloppy, shrunken dicklet.  Latso laid against her, lightly kissing her face 
and neck, his sturdy little rod already beginning to harden.











--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....