     Recently I had to attend a trade show in New York. Several
weeks before I attended, I started corresponding with a Lady
who lived in Manhattan with her roomate. Jennifer was a
professional person, worked on wall street and her roomate,
Holly, worked in advertising. Both girls had recently been
through a messy divorce and were beginning to circulate
again. They both had an interest, possibly because of their
chauvinist ex-husbands, to meet, and totally control a
submissive male.

     We corresponded daily for several weeks with the result
being that I had agreed to submit to their every wish and
command.

     Jennifer had a fondness for lace and satin and told me
that she was going to take me shopping for a gown. She also
told me that before I would be allowed to meet them, I was
to visit a lingerie boutique on the east side and purchase an
pink satin corset. Jennifer became even more specific! I was to
walk into the boutique with my high heels and stockings in a
shopping bag and announce "My name is Sissy Candy, and
I would like to be fitted for a pretty pink satin corset."
This of course was very humiliating, but I figured, "what the
Hell, no one knows me here and Jennifer and Holly are worth the
embarassment".

    The trade started on Teesday, and  at my hotel on
Monday, around noon. I checked into my hotel, and as instructed
by Jennifer, unpacked my high heels and a pair of sheer black
stockings and put them in a small shopping bag.
      I then caught a taxi to the address that Jennifer and Holly
had given me, on the upper east side. By this time I was a
nervous wreck, but I walked into the store with my little
shopping bag. The store was quite elegant, with many items of
lingerie - bras, teddys, corsets etc. on display. There were also
some unconventional outfits such as leather, and patent leather
dresses and boots and a one wall with what appeared to be bondage
type equipment.

     There were three ladies working in the store, two were
in their mid twenties, and gorgeous while the other lady, who was
apparently the owner, was in her mid 30's, and stunning.
     She came up to me and said, "May I help you sir?". I
stammered and stuttered a bit, saying that I was just looking for
a present for my wife. She smile and said again, "are you sure I
can't help you sir?", with a sardonic smile on her face.
     At this point, I figured that she was expecting me, and I
blurted out "My name is Sissy Candy, and I would like to be
fitted for a pretty pink satin corset".

     "Ah, so you are Jennifers and Holly's little sissy boy", she
exclaimed with a giggle. The other girls in the shop looked up at
me and also giggled.
     With that, the owner of the shop, introduced herself to me.
"I am Carolyn, and these are my two assistants, Robin and Cyndi."
"Please follow me, Sissy Candy". She and her assistants burst
into laughter when she said 'Sissy Candy'.

     Carolyn then led me into a back room. She instructed me to
remove my clothes and put on my high heels and stockings.Carolyn
was quite amused, seeing me with my body shaved and smooth.
     She then handed me a pair of panties that were pink satin,
trimmed in white lace, and told me to put them on. Carolyn then
took out her measuring tape and measured my chest, waist and
hips.

     When she had finished measuring, she called out to Robin
to bring in two pink bustiers by Darling and told Cyndi to
bring in two bustiers of the same color by Lady Marlene.
     In a few minutes, the two girls came in with the bustiers
and they also burst into laughter seeing me there in high heels
stockings and panties.

     Carolyn then instructed Cyndi to put one of the Lady Marlene
bustiers on me. The first one was white satin, with pink lace
trim and had a zipper on the front. Cyndi wrapped the bustier
around me, zipped up the front and then attached the garters to
the stockings. Cyndi stepped back and Carolyn had me walk around
and model the bustier...they were quite amused at this!

     The three ladies discussed my appearance in this bustier, and
decided that it did not pull my waist in enough.

     Carolyn then told Robin to get a satin corset in pink.
Robin returned with a victorian style corset in was pink satin,
very heavily boned, and trimmed in black lace. Robin put this
corset around me, fastened the front then had me turn around and
hang on to the back of a chair. Both Robin and Cyndi worked hard
on lacing up the back...pulling it tighter and tighter so that I
had difficulty in breathing. Carolyn then told me to stand up
straight, and as I did, I felt light-headed from the pressure of
the corset. Carolyn then measured my waist and exclaimed that the
corset had reduced my waist by 4 inches!

     She then had me walk around in this corset, and all three of
them exclaimed that it was 'perfect'. Carolyn then told Cyndi to
go and get a matching bra. Cyndi returned with a black satin bra,
trimmed in lace, and a pair of black lace bikini panties that
matched the color of the black lace on the corset. Cyndi helped
me put on the bra, then they all stood back and watched me change
from the pink to the black lace panties. All the time they were
giggling and making comments about 'the sissy-boy that Jennifer and
Holly had to play with'!

     Since I had no make-up nor wig on, It was quite obvious that
I was, indeed, a feminized male. Robin then went back in front
and returned with some pads for my bra, as well as another pair
of black lace panties. She place the pads in my bra, so that I
appeared to have B size breasts. She then handed me the second
pair of panties and had me change into them. These panties
were of the crotchless type! I was mortified, standing there,
corseted, with a bra, and my maleness exposed and surrounded
by black lace, while the three women made me walk and model my
new outfit. Carolyn then said, 'How about the finishing touch,
Cyndi?" and Cyndi laughed, went back out front and returned with
a pink ribbon, the same color as the corset.

     She walked up to me and tied the ribbon around my malehood
in a pretty little bow. This really sent all three girls into
hysterics, as they again had me prance around for their
amusement.

     Carolyn then had me stand agains the wall and pose with
one foot in front of the other, while Cyndi and Robin stood
on either side of me, each of them putting their arms around
my back, while Carolyn took several polaroids of her latest
customer.

     Carolyn then told me, that she would like me to return,
fully dressed as a female, on Thursday morning,before I returned
home. She indicated, that she was beginning to do so mail-order
business for cross-dressers and would like me to model some of
the other lingerie, clothing and 'toys' for her catalog that
she was preparing to mail out to these customers.

     I protested, but Carolyn reminded me that she had some nice
polaroids of me, as a male, dressed in lingerie, which she would
be delighted to return to me, after I had helped her with her
'little request'. Carolyn then told me to put on my slacks, shirt
and street shoes over my lingerie. I put my high heels and my
male underwear in my shopping bag and stepped out to the front
of the store.

     "I will see you on Thursday, is that correct, Sissy Candy?"
demanded Carolyn. I thought to myself, I am not coming back, who
cares about the photos, no one will know me here in New York, and
she had no idea of where I am from. "Yes, no problem, I will be
here Carolyn", I replied, lying through my teeth.

    "That is wonderful, sissy boy", she replied, 'The
photographer will be here and all set up, we will only need you
for two or three hours! Dont be concerned about paying for the
lingerie you are wearing, you can consider that as payment for
your 'modelling services'".

   "Oh yes, one more thing, Sissy Candy", she leered, "here is
your wallet, you dropped , while Cyndi and Robin were lacing your
corset, and I notice you have quite a few credit cards. I think I
will keep your Visa card, and you can retrieve it on Thursday!"

   "Damn!", I thought, "This woman plays hardball". I could
only smile weakly as I agreed to return on Thursday.
   "Remember, sissy-boy, I want you dressed very sexily and
made-up very exotically" she giggled...as did Cyndi and Robin,
"you may have to model some of our more erotic items"!

     Carolyn then gave me a little kiss on the cheek, as did
Cyndi and Robin. "Candy, return to your hotel room now, I will
call Jennifer and Holly and tell them that you have been fitted
to their specifications, and are waiting for them".

     As I rode back to my hotel, I kept thinking to myself, 'I
enjoy a bit of humiliation and being made to serve an assertive
woman, but have I gone to far this time"?

     As the taxi took me back to my hotel, I was becoming more and
more apprehensive. However, because of Carolyn's sequestering of
my credit card, I had lost complete control of the situation and
had no choice, other than to do exactly what I was had been told
to do! The corset was extremely tight, making me feel very subju-
gated, allowing me to only sit absolutely upright. It was, as
though, I was in prepetual bondage!

     As the taxi pulled up in front of my hotel, I paid the
driver, and went up to my suite. As I entered, I removed my
shirt, reached behind and loosened the laces of my corset
allowing me to breathe more normally. I sat down, poured myself a
glass of wine, and attempted to relax for a few minutes, and
wondering what was going to happen next. I knew, from my previous
correspondence with Jennifer and Holly, that I was going to be
their 'Barbie Doll' for the day, and that thought was extremely
erotic to me. However, the antici-pation of their taking me out
in public for part of the role-playing, continued to cause
apprehension in my mind.

    I continued to berate myself for being so stupid as to allow
Carolyn to grab my credit card. I did not really feel as though
she would use the card in a dishonest way, as I could very easily
call and cancel it..however, she knew who I really was! I had
lost my anonimyity and she was totally in control. Since she was
friendly with Jennifer and Holly, they too, knew my real
identity, and consequently, exercised that control, as well!

    As I considered my options, and determining there were none,
the phone rang. I answered the phone, my voice breaking in
nervousness. "Sissy Candy, this is Mistress Jennifer", are you
ready to amuse me and Mistress Holly?", the voice said. "Yes,
Mistress", I replied, "I am ready to please and amuse you"!
Jennifer responded with a throaty laugh, "Good, sissy boy, we are
calling from the lobby...We will both be up in about 2 minutes.
Remove your ugly mens clothes, and be ready to answer the door in
your new lingerie and, of course, your high heels." Before I
could answer her, she hung up the phone. I removed my slacks,
socks and shoes and slipped into my high heels.

    As I looked in the mirror, I saw a normal, reasonablly
attractive man, but this man had on a pink wasp-waisted corset,
satin and lace bra and crotchless panties, 4" high heels and a
pink bow around his penis! I looked absolutely
ridiculous...totally sissified! But, I had little time to analyze
my appearance, as I heard a knock on the door. I walked over to
the door, the high heels causing me to wiggle my hips in a very
feminine walk.

     As I opened the door, I stood behind it, so no passers-by
could see me, but still allowing my 'guests' to enter. "No no,
sissy-boy", I heard Jennifer's voice say, "This is no way to
greet your guests. Come out from behind the door and greet us!".
I was a nervous wreck, what if one of the other hotel guests saw
me...."I said NOW, Sissy Candy, unless you would like us to take
you for a ride on the elevator, dressed as you are!" I sheepishly
came out from behind the door and there they stood in front of
me, just outside the door, both of them had amused smiles on
their faces.

     I was in shock. Both Jennifer and Holly were absolutely
stunning! Jennifer was about 5'8', with jet black hair and vivid
green eyes, her figure was incredible. She was wearing, what was
obviously, a very expensive business suit with 4" heels. Holly
was about 5'4, with auburn hair and blue eyes, and she too had an
incredible figure. Holly was also dressed in very expensive
clothes, a glove leather skirt, white lacy blouse and matching
leather blazer. They both eyed me from head to toe, and
simultaneously burst in laughter as they noticed the pink bow
around my penis, visible through my crotchless panties.

    "Oh Carolyn has outdone herself this time!" exclaimed
Holly. Jennifer, unable to stop laughing, shook her head in
agreement. I felt very uncomfortable standing there with the door
wide open, but the two ladies then decided to enter, and I closed
the door with a sigh of relief. They both sat down, and continued
their amused assesment of me. "Oh you really are a sissy",
exclaimed Jennifer, "I never thought you would actually go
through with this, but I knew if we could get you into Carolyn's,
the rest would be easy"! They then had me walk back and forth,
modelling my new lingerie.

    As I did this, Holly suddenly exclaimed "The little sissy has
loosened his corset! Let's take care of that, right now, Jenny!"
Both girls stood up, and ordered me to get on my hands and knees.
As I obeyed, Holly walked behind me, put one knee in the small of
my back and started re-tightening the laces of my corset, while
Jennifer stood in front of me, leaning on my shoulders, so I
could not move. Again, I felt lightheaded as the corset
constricted my breathing, and my waist was nipped.

    Satisfied, the girls had me stand again, and walk back and
forth for them. The constriction or the corset, coupled with my
high heels, made me sway my hips even more in a feminine 'swish'.
Holly exclaimed, "Oh that is so much better, you are just so
cute!" I blushed in shame, as they both giggled. "Time is running
out, and we have an appointment", said Jennifer, "Put your
slacks, shirt and male shoes on, sissy, wer're going fit you for
your first gown".

    As I dressed, Jennifer and Holly walked into the bedroom
closet and inspected my feminine wardrobe, talking and giggling.
They then took my high heels and put them into a small shopping
bag. "Let's go sissy," smirked Jennifer, "and be more careful
with your wallet this time", she giggled. Totally embarassed, I
followed them as we left my suite, took the elevator down to the
lobby and hailed a taxi. Holly gave the driver instructions, and
we all sat back, with me between them.

    As we drove, Holly and Jennifer whispered little comments in
my ear.."I love your little pink bow, sissy", Holly
whispered....Jennifer continued "Oh I can't wait to see you in
your little french maid uniform"..both girls giggled as the taxi
driver looked in his mirror with an amused expression on his
face. Finally the taxi drew to a halt in front of a group of
stores. Jennifer paid the driver and we all got out.


    "Our appointment is for another 30 minutes", said Holly,
"shall we do a little window shopping, Jenny"? Jennifer replied,
"Great idea Holly"! We walked into the closest store which was a
large department store. As we browsed around, we came to the
formal department. "Oh I can't wait to get sissy into a gown",
exclaimed Jennifer. Holly then took one of the gowns off the rack
and held it up examining it. She then walked over to me and held
it against me, then ordered me to hold up while they both stood
back and appraised the gown, as I held it against me.

    Sevebal other customers watched in shocked amazement, as the
girls giggled over my discomfort. Holly and Jennifer selected a
few more gowns and made me hold them up, while they appraised
them. Finally a sales lady came up and asked if she could be of
assistance. Jennifer and Holly both said, thank you, but not
right now...these gowns are a bit too sophisiticated for our
sissy friend....we need something a bit more frilly. The sales
lady was a bit shocked, and with that we all turned and exited
the store..my face a vivid red in embarassment.

    We walked about a block and finally entered a bridal store. A
very attractive lady, in her 40's greeted the ladys and looked at
me with an appraising eye, sizing me up as she chatted with
Jennifer and Holly. Jennifer then turned to me and said, "Sissy
Candy, this is Mrs. Walston. She and her staff are going to fit
you for a lovely evening gown". Mrs. Walston held out her hand
with an amused expression on her face. "I am so delighted to meet
you, Candy, please follow me".

     She then led me to a back dressing room that was mirrored on
all four walls. Jennifer and Holly followed, and sat down as Mrs.
Walston prepared to do her work. Mrs. Walston told me to remove
my clothes, and her eyes raised, and she smiled, when she saw the
crotchless panties and the bow. "My, ladies, you certainly have
trained him well!", she exclaimed.."Oh no, Mrs. Walston, by the
time we are done, it will be HER, not HIM", giggled Jennifer.

     Mrs. Walston then called one of her assistants. A younger
girl, in her early 20's walked into the dressing room. Her eyes
registered shock, when she saw me standing there in my lingerie
and heels. "Bonnie", said Mrs. Walston, "I would like you to meet
'Candy'. We are going to fit 'her' for a pretty prom gown. Would
you please, go out and select four gowns, size 16, and I would
like each gown you select to have a very full skirt. Bonne, also,
please bring in a long very full petticoat". Bonnie grinned, as
she looked at me, and went to select the gowns.

    She returned a few minutes later, her arms laden with several
gowns and the petticoat. Mrs. Walston then instructed Bonnie to
help me in putting on the long, very full, taffeta petticoat. As
Jennifer and Holly watched, Mrs. Walston and Bonnie dressed me in
several gowns. I had to model each one for Jennifer and Holly.

    They continued shaking their heads, no to each one I tried
on. Finally, Bonnie returned with a gown that was red taffeta,
with a very full long skirt, reaching to the floor. It was
trimmed in white lace around the top of the bodice, a flounce of
white lace around the hips and waist, and the bottom six inches
of the skirt. As Bonnie zipped the back of the gown, both
Jennifer and Holly exclaimed "that's the one!".

     They had me walk back and forth in the gown, which was very
full with the petticoat underneath, and again they both agreed
that this was the perfect gown for Candy. "We can make her look
just like Scarlett O'Hara", giggled Holly. Mrs. Walston and
Bonnie both grinned. Mrs. Walston then proceeded to mark the hem
and make a few marks for some minor alterations.

   "When will 'she' be needing this, ladies", asked Mrs. Walston.
Jennifer replied, "Is it possible that we could pick this up this
evening, just before you close"? Mrs. Walston then took another
look at the alterations required, and replied, "Certainly, just a
little shortening, and a bit taken in at the waist, that should
only take us an hour or so".

    Bonnie then unzipped the gown, helped me out of it, and
helped me remove the petticoat. "We will be back at 7:30, just
before you close, Mrs. Walston", replied Jennifer. With that, I
was allowed to put my slacks, men's shoes and shirt back on. We
walked to the front of the store, where I was required to pay for
the gown and petticoat.

    Mrs. Walston thanked me and said "We shall see you THREE
girls around 7:30". Everyone, except me, giggled at Mrs.
Walston's comment. It was about 4:30 when we left Mrs. Walston's
shop and headed back to the hotel. Both Jennifer and Holly
chatted about their new 'Barbie Doll' during the taxi ride, as
though I wasn't even there! We arrived at the hotel, went back
upstairs to my suite and the two girls sat down and kicked off
their shoes.

     They both had me remove my male clothes again and helped me
remove my corset. Jennifer told me to go draw a bath for myself
and make sure that my legs were smooth and soft, as they wanted
Candy to look very sexy tonight when they took her to dinner.
		       Too be continued


Part II
     I started the bath running and went out to the living
room of my suite. Jennifer and Holly both had kicked their shoes]
off, had their feet up and were relaxing.

     They had me remove all of my clothing, including my
lingerie. Jennifer then stood up, grabbed her purse and told
me to follow her. She walked into the bathroom, tested the bath
water, then turned off the spigots.

     She then reached into her purse and pulled out a can of
Nair, which she proceeded to rub all over my legs. She ordered me
to shave my face extra close, as she watched. Jennifer then
ordered me into the bathtub. Jennifer left me alone for about 15
minutes, as the hot bath relaxed me. Finally she shouted in for
me to rinse off, get out of the tub, dry myself and come out to
the living room.

    As I walked into the living room, I noticed that all of the
clothing I carried with me was laid out on the sofa. Holly was
examining my makeup kit, while Jennifer ordered me to sit down.

    Holly then got up and started to make me up. First she put
a foundation of Derma-Blend, to hide any tinges of my beard. Then
she put a normal foundation over the Derma-Blend, then started
shading my face, first with a darker color so that my male
features were diminished, then using lighter colors to accentuate
my cheekbones. She then applied heavy eyeliner to both the
bottom and top of my eyes, then blended in several shades of
blue eyeshadow. After an application of mascara to my lashes, and
a blush on my cheeks, she applied a very bright red lipstick to
my lips. Finally she took my wig and placed it on my head and
teased it until she got the effect she wanted. As Holly stepped
back to examine me, a big smile broke out on her face.
Evidently, she was pleased with her work, but I had no mirror
in front of me to appraise her handiwork.

     Holly told me to stand, and Jennifer placed the corset
back around my waist and fastened it in place. I was then
ordered back on all fours again, as both girls proceeded to
lace me tightly again! I experienced the same light headedness
that I had experienced earlier that day, as I stood up.
     This time the girls allowed me to wear the normal
black lace bikinis, without the humiliation of having to go
crotchless with the pink ribbon.

     They then smoothed a pair of sheer black stockings onto
my legs, and fastened the garters from the corset.

     Jennifer sorted through my wardrobe and selected a
black taffeta flared mini skirt, and a black satin blouse.
As I put the skirt and blouse on, Holly handed me a bright
red patent belt. long dangely earrings and beads, the same
color as the belt, competed the ensemble. I sat down while
Holly painted my fingernails the same bright red, then
Jennifer handed me 5" black patent high heels.

     I stood up, feeling very feminine, but still very
embarassed as the two girls again smile big smiles.

     "Go take a look in the mirror, Sissy", said Jennifer.
I walked into the bedroom, took a look at myself in the
full length mirror and saw a very 'hot' looking woman,
staring back at me! I had dressed many times before, and
I was fairly accomplished at make-up, but I had never
looked this good! Holly really knew her stuff! However,
I did look a bit slutty...especially with the 5"
'fuck me' pumps!

     Holly and Jennifer then slipped their shoes back
on grabbed their pocketbooks and handed me mine.
     "Well, Candy, I think we three girls should go out
and have some dinner", said Jennifer, "Let's go".
			 CGOWN Part II
		    By Candy (Cissy) Michaels


We exited the hotel, and Jennifer flagged down  a taxi and gave
him the address of Mrs.. Walton bridal salon. We entered the
salon and Mrs.. Walton approached us. "Oh doesn't Sissy Candy
look gorgeous!" she exclaimed. "Shall we have her try her new
gown on?"

 Jennifer replied, "I'm sorry Mrs.. Walton, but we have a dinner
engagement. We'll bring her back soon for another gown, and this
time she will be dressed as "sissy Candy" when she arrives. As a
matter of fact, from now on she will known merely as "CISSY"!
Mrs.. Walton  giggled, then placed the gown in a large valet
bag, gave us all a kiss on the cheek and wished us good luck,

Holly again hailed a taxi and gave him directions. Soon we
arrived a building in a very prosperous area of the city.
Jennifer paid the taxi driver, and we rang the bell, underneath
which was a small polished brass plaque "Les Club Bizzare,
Members Only".

The door was answered by a maitre'd in a tuxedo, who obviously
knew Jennifer and Holly. He escorted us to a podium where a very
striking woman was standing. "Holly, Jennifer, how nice to see
you again", she exclaimed. "and who is this striking young
lady?" Holly  then turned to me and said, "Cissy, please lift
iour skirt up so Mistress Victoria can see your pretty panties".
Shamefacedly, I did as she ordered. Mistress Victoria then slid
my panties down to reveal the beribboned penis. "Oh my goodness,
Holly," she exclaimed "what a cute little sissy boy you have!
What do we have in the valet bag?" 

Jennifer then unzipped the valet bag and showed Mistress
Victoria my new gown. Mistress Victoria giggled and said "I will
put that in a safe place, while you THREE girls enjoy your
evening at Les Club Bizzare". Mistress Victoria then summoned
the maitre'd. "Thomas, please escort these ladies to a front row
table, I want them to enjoy this evening".

The club was arranged like a typical dinner theatre, with the
tables set on tierd steps gradually descending to a  stage in
the center of the room, surrounded by the tierd tables. The
stage was enclosed by a circular curtain. The maitre' de led us
down to a table right next to the stage and seated us. I looked
inquringly at Jennifer and Holly.

Jennifer, seeing the inquisitive look on my face, explained.
"Cissy, the club caters to a varied clientele, but all with one
thing in common - the unusual or bizzare, you might even call it
'kinky'. On any given night just about any type of person might
be here, dominants, submissives, bi's or gays of either sex, or
perhaps just ordinary  straight people with an interest in the
more esoteric. One thing all of these people have in common is
that they have all been screened for discretion and financial
stature to be granted membership. The floor shows start at nine
o'clock and the acts vary. Although each act may not be
everyone's cup-of-tea,  every act is certain to cater to
someone's  sexual fantasy. Also, because of the rigid screening
for membership, audience participation is allowed, and even
encouraged"!

A waitress arrive at our table and I noticed her uniform, like
all the others, consisted of a very severe red satin corset, a
very short flared satin skirt of the same color, with black lace
trimmed apron. Underneath the skirt, frothy petticoats held it
straight out so that it was obvious the waitress was wearing
crotchless panties. She also had leather cuffs on her ankles,
and wrists with a matching leather collar around her neck. She
took our cocktail order and returned quickly, setting them in
front of us.

Holly then made the waitress kneel before her, under the table.
I hadn't noticed before, but there were eye-rings on the chairs.
Holly clipped the girls collar to an eye ring on the seat of the
chair, restraining the girls head at Holly's crotch level. She
then clipped each wrist to an eye ring on the front legs of the
chair. We continued chatting, as the waitress was forced to
orally please Holly! As I looked around the club, I noticed
several other waitresses in the same position - one being
circulated around the table of a group of businessmen, another
serving a group of females and a third serving a table with six
couples seated at it.

Holly moaned in orgasm then she unfastened the waitress and made
her kneel in front of me, where her wrists were again
restrained. The girl gave me a look of amazement as Holly lifted
my skirt and revealed my beribboned cock. Holly untied the
ribbon, then forced the girls mouth over my cock, and clipped
the girls collar to the seat of the chair so she could not
remove my cock from her mouth. The feeling was exquisite, as she
was forced to suck my cock deeply down her throat. I soon reward
her efforts with a huge load of sperm-As i finished my orgasm, I
looked up and was shocked to see several people from nearby
tables look ing at me with amusement as they realized I was not
a real female but a 'he' dressed as a she. My face glowed bright
red in embarassment, and I quickly looked away. Jennifer and
Holly giggled at my humiliation, as they released the waitress,
who also had an amused expression on her face. 

We continued chatting and Jennifer continued, "Cissy the floor
show will start in a few minutes, There will probablly be 5 or 6
different acts, with a grand finale. On Tuesday and Thursday
nights, at midnight, they hold a slave auction, where members of
the audience bid on the services of the slave being auctioned.
The slaves are then taken to the fantasy rooms by the winning
bidder or bidders. The fantasy rooms are on the second floor and
each has a one-way mirror on the wall, so everyone can stroll up
and down the hallways and see what each successful bidder  does
with his or her slave. It's very interesting and quite erotic -
too bad this is Monday night, I would have liked for you to see
that."

Suddenly, the lights in the club began to dim. Music began and a
voice came over the room. "Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to Les
Club Bizzare - we hope you enjoy tonights entertainment." The
circular curtain then lifted to reveal a senario of a Russian
Castle with a strikingly handsome man and a beautiful woman
dressed in the costumes of a Russian czar and czarina. A
beautiful girl, dressed in a stylized  peasant costume was led
in by a cossak, who advised the Czar and czarina that she had
stolen a loaf of bread. The czar ordered her stripped,  and
whipped. The S&M devotees in the audience cheered as the girl
was restrained and whipped, then raped by the Cossak in front of
the Czar and czarina. The curtain fell and the lights came up as
the first act ended.

The second act consisted of a B/D scenario with a male slave
submitting to two dominant, leather clad females. As they
performed for the audience,  the maitre'd came up and whispered
into Jennifer's ear. She nodded at him, whispered something to
Holly and they both  looked at me with amused expressions.

As the second act ended, Jennifer and Holly each took one of my
hands and led out of the audience to the entrance of the club,
where Mistress Victoria was waiting for them. As I looked back
at the stage I noticed that act three had begun with 12 muscular
male dancing for the crowd.

Mistress Victoria spoke with Jennifer and Holly, and although I
couldn't hear what they were saying, both girls were nodding
with smiles on their faces. Jennifer then came over to me and
said, "One of the actresses for the finale has taken ill, Cissy.
Mistress Victoria has advised me that your new gown is a perfect
costume, and we have volunteered your services." I started to
protest, but both Jennifer and Holly led me down a flight of
stairs to a large dressing room, beneath the stage. The various
actors and actresses from the previous acts were all sitting
around and talking. I noticed the girl, who had been the peasant
in the first act, was now attired in a civil war era ball gown,
and two  of the males were attired in  union, civil war military
uniforms.

Two women, who were obviously the wardrobe and make-up
mistresses came over to me. They had me remove my skirt, blouse
and wig, while they studied me. Laughter came from the other
actors and actresses as I stood there totally humiliated.

The two ladies sat me down and began applying heavy theatrical
makeup, enhancing my femininity. They , made me step into my
long petticoat, slipped my new gown over my head, then placed a
long auburn wig on me.

"There, doesn't she look like Scarlett O'Hara?", exclaimed the
wardrobe mistress, and everyone in the dressing room applauded.
I felt totally humiliated! 

I could hear applause from the audience, and the 12 males who
had been dancing entered the dressing room. They too, changed
into union army uniforms. Two males clad in leather chaps, led
another male, clad only in a leather g-string from the dressing
room to perform their act. There wasn't much doubt in my mind as
to what their act consisted of!

I  sat there, in my 'southern belle' ball gown, waiting for the
other acts to continue,  the males in uniform leered at me, and
the females looked at me with amusement. I was introduced to the
other "southern belle", Melissa. As we chatted,  I wondered what
was going to happen to me.

At last, the stage manager signaled Melissa and I  to go on
stage. As we took our places, I noticed the scenery was that of
a  salon in a southern mansion. We were seated on a sofa, the
skirts of our gown fluffed up, and we were given tea cups to
hold.

The curtain lifted as the theme song from "Gone With the Wind"
eminated over the speaker system. Suddenly, the "Battle Hymn of
the Republic" began to blare and the soldiers entered. Their
were 16 of them and they began to simulate their destruction of
the mansion. They grabbed Melissa, tore her gown  and panties
off , threw her on a table and tied her, corsetted,  on her
back, with her legs spread. The soldiers then began to take
turns raping her.


Three of the soldiers then grabbed me, stripped me to my corset
and panties, and restrained me  face down on another table. The
soldiers came up to me, and began raping my mouth! The music
raised in crescendo and the audience cheered wildly,  as we were
both  continually used by the soldiers.

Soon members of the audience were on stage,  some helping the
soldiers rape Melissa and others forcing their cocks into my
mouth. As the audience returned to their tables,  the curtain
fell, to wild applause.

 Melissa and I were both released from our bondage. The soldiers
stood behind us as Melissa and I held hands. The curtain rose
again, for a curtain call. Melissa, with sperm coating her
stomach, thighs and pubic area and I with cum coating my face
and lips, both bowed as we held hands. The curtain fell then
rose again, and Mistress Victoria walked onto the stage, walked
behind me and ripped off my panties, revealing my secret to
everyone. The crowd went wild!

Mistress Victoria managed to quiet down the audience then made
an announcement. "Ladies and Gentlemen, thank you for coming. I
do have a surprise for those of you who are planning to attend
night's slave auction". She continued, "our newest star,
"Cissy", will be on the block, for those bidders who want a very
submissive sissy boy to use!" The audience again cheered wildly,
as I stood there in total bewilderment.

What was going to happen !!

	
	



		       Cgown3
	    By Candy (Cissy) Michaels

The next day, I attended my trade show, but I just could not
keep my mind  on business. Quite frankly, I had always
fantasized about being a true submissive slave, but now that
it had happened once, and I was going to  be "auctioned off"
to total strangers that coming night, I decided that I was
not going to go through with such a scenario.

I returned to my hotel and, as I entered my room, the
telephone rang. It was Jennifer. I told her of my decision
and she promptly replied, "Oh, but you are going, my dear
Cissy! You see, I have friends at several banking
institutions, and they have thoughtfully provided me with
your home address and telephone number, after I gave them
the number from your  credit card that Carolyn is holding!" 

I knew I had been had - I had absolutely no choice, either
expose myself to extremely embarrassing black mail, or
comply. Jennifer continued, "Cissy, you are to bathe, and
take extreme care that your entire body is smooth and
hairless. Holly and I will be there in one hour. We have
a busy evening ahead of us!". There was an abrupt click
as she hung up the phone.

I drew a hot bath and made certain that I was smooth all
over, as Jennifer had demanded. As I was drying off, there
gas a knock on the door. I opened the door for Holly and
Jennifer. They both marched in and sat me down in a
chair. Holly turned to me and said, "We don't have a lot of
time to waste, Cissy, we have to be at the club early, and
we have to have your make up perfect".

"But why so early?", I asked, "the auction isn't until after
the floor show!" Holly replied "oh, I guess we forgot to tell
you, Cissy - Mistress Victoria requested your services tonight.
Several of the waitresses have called in sick, and she is
extremely short handed." 

I was aghast! "But I don't know how to waitress, and....."
Jennifer interrupted me "Cissy, you can carry drinks on a
tray as well as anyone can! Don't argue, just be quiet while
we do your makeup!" I shut up, knowing that arguing was
futile - I was going to do what they wanted me to do,
regardless of how embarrassing it might be!

The girls finished making me up, slid sheer black stockings
over my legs then ordered me to stand. Holly grabbed a
suitcase and opened it. In it was the same uniform that the
waitresses had been wearing the previous night!

I was laced into the heavily boned red satin corset. The
garters were attached to my stockings, then they slid 
frothy  petticoats up over my legs. The matching red satin
skirt and black lace apron that the other waitresses had
been wearing, came next. As  Holly slid a pair of lacy
crotchless panties on me, Jennifer forced my feet into a a
pair of black patent high heels. 

They both stood back and appraised their handiwork. "Got to
have you looking great, Cissy, one of the publishers of
kinky films and magazines will be there tonight to
photograph and videotape for their publications and films."

Both girls broke into hysterics at the look on my face. "Oh,
Cissy, don't look like that", replied Holly, "You're just
what all of their customers want to see !"

With that, They threw a coat over me and escorted  me to the
elevator. All three of us got quite a few lewd stares form
the other passengers. The girls basked in the attention, but
I was paranoid that someone would realize that I was not a
real "she". As we exited the elevator,  a female passenger
whispered to Jennifer - just loud enough so I could hear- "I
like the way you have your sissy boy trained - care to share
him with my husband and I?"

Jennifer responded by opening her purse and handing her a
business card from Les Club Bizarre. She told the lady that
the card would admit her and her husband as  Jennifer's
guests,  and that  I would be waitressing tonight, and would
be auctioned off as a slave at the end of the night. She
also advised the lady to ask for Cissy as their waitress. As
the lady thanked her, Jennifer opened my coat so the lady
could see my uniform. Her eyes widened and then a smile came
over her face. "We will be there, I hope she provides good
service!" Jennifer assured her that I did. and that she
looked forward to seeing she and her husband there.

Holly flagged down a cab and we were off to the club. When
we arrived at the club,  Mistress Victoria couldn't thank
Jennifer and Holly enough. "Let's see how Cissy looks in her
uniform, girls". They took my coat off and Mistress Victoria
walked around me with an appraising look. "She looks just
wonderful, girls, thank you!" Mistress Victoria then went to
her desk drawer, "I forgot to give you these girls", and she
proceeded to put leather cuffs with snaphooks on my wrists,
and ankles, followed by a matching leather collar. "There,
all official", said Mistress Victoria, "Now she'll be able
to provide the extra services our guests demand." In horror,
I suddenly remembered the waitress who had be restrained to
my chair, the previous night, and made to service me!

She then turned to me and instructed me. "You will
greet each guest tonight, tell them your name is Cissy and
you will serve them in anyway they wish. Should you
displease any guest, it will be brought to my attention -
and I warn you Cissy, should you prove to be uncooperative,
you will spend an evening or two at one of my  brothels. The
clients there are not as sophisticated and considerate as
the members of the club. On the other hand, if you serve
well, you will find your pretty red corset stuffed with
twenty dollar bills. The choice is yours!"

Mistress Victoria led me away to a lounge, where five other
waitresses were all sitting and relaxing before the members
started arriving. She introduced me and left me with them.
The girls immediately welcomed me with enthusiasm. One girl
turned to me and said, "Are we glad to see you - usually we
have ten girls waitressing,  we're still short four and are
going to have to bust our little fannies to keep everyone
happy, but one more certainly helps!" The other girls all
nodded in agreement.

They had me stand up to make sure my stockings were
straight. As I stood, the petticoats made my skirt stand
straight out revealing my crotchless panties and, of course,
my maleness. They all burst into laughter. "That's why 'her'
name is Cissy!", one girl exclaimed, "because that what HE
is!"

I was mortified as the giggles continued. Another girl
exclaimed, "Oh I can't wait to see Cissy restrained  to a
member's chair, performing a blow job!- wonder how many
dozen cocks she'll have in her mouth tonight!" The giggles
subsided as  Mistress Victoria entered the lounge. "All
right ladies, the members are starting to arrive -  I know
we are a bit short handed this evening, but I do not expect
the service to suffer in the least. If one of you has to
perform more personal services than the others, I expect the
other waitresses to make sure that the member still get
prompt service on their drinks." Mistress Victoria glanced
at me and said, "Cissy may be spending quite a bit of the
evening on her knees, so please make sure her tables' drinks
are kept fresh". The girls all laughed as I blushed and we
headed to the entrance to greet the guests.

There I was, 'one of the girls', dressed in a red satin
corset, extremely short flared skirt and lacy apron, very
high heels and stockings. Worst of all, the layers of
petticoats made the skirt stand out so EVERYONE could see I
was really a sissy boy!

As the guest began to arrive , the first few asked the
maitre Robert,  for their favorite waitress. A very striking
couple arrived and asked him for Wendi. "I am sorry sir,
Wendi is ill this evening. Would you care to pick another
waitress, or shall I assign one to you.?" Just as the man
was about to tell Robert  to assign a waitress, his wife
noticed me. She Looked down at what was under my petticoats,
giggled and said "we'll take 'her'!" 

I followed them to their table, mincing my steps because of
my high heels. "Good evening madam, sir, my name is Cissy. I
am your waitress for the evening and will serve you any way
that you wish. May I serve you a cocktail?" The lady looked
at me with amusement, then turned to her husband, "Gawd,
Bill, will you look at this sissy! This is going to be a
great evening! " Bill looked at me "I'll say, Sammy, this is
going to be one hell of an evening! Cissy, a Tanqueray
Martini for Mistress Samantha, a Chivas on the rocks for me
- and be quick about it!" I curtsied, "yes madam, sir, right
away!" as I minced off to their giggling.

I returned quickly with their martinis. After I had served
them, Mistress Samantha ran her hands under my petticoats,
playing with my penis, as she chatted with Bill. Suddenly
she squeezed me hard, and ordered me to kneel before her,
under the table. The table, as were all the tables in the
club, was glass, so the patrons could see what was going on,
beneath the table.The next thing I knew, my wrists were
clipped to the legs of her chair, and my collar clipped to a
ring in the seat, right at the level of her pussy. 

She spread her legs and lifted her skirt. she
had no panties on and  began to ride my face
with her pussy, forcing her clitoris against my lips.
"Tongue me, Cissy, use your Tongue on me!" I licked and
teased her clitoris with my tongue, tbying hard to please
her - suddenly she grabbed my head, almost crushing my face
as she climaxed with a moan. "ooohhh Cissy! Ohhhhh ", she
exclaimed. She reached down and gently lifted my chin, so I
was looking up at her. "Cissy that was a wonderful beginning
for the evening, I am sure I will need your services quite a
few times tonight." 

She reached into her pocketbook  took out a lipstick. While
tilting my face up, she freshened my lipstick. "There you
look pretty again, Cissy. Bill just loves hot red lips
wrapped around his cock!" Mistress Samantha then unclipped
me from her chair and ordered me to crawl over to her
husband, who quickly clipped my wrists the legs of his
chair.

As I knelt there helplessly restrained, he unzipped his fly
and pulled out his penis. Although it was not the biggest I
had ever seen, it was a good six inches long and thick. Bill
then reached down and squeezed my cheeks, forcing my mouth
open. He thrust his hard cock into my mouth, grabbed the
back of my head with one hand and clipped my collar to the
chair with the other. I was helpless with a cock plugging my
mouth and unable to move! Bill just sat there without
moving. "I'm going to finish my drink, Cissy. you are to
keep your tongue going up and down the shaft while I leave
my cock in your mouth." All I could do was tongue the
underside of his shaft, as he and Mistress Samantha drank
their drinks and chatted. Occasionally Samantha would look
down and make some comment. "Ohhh what a cute little sissy
cocksucker, Bill - she looks so pretty on her knees!" 

I continued working on Bill's cock, when I heard the voice of
the waitress who had earlier said she couldn't wait to see
me restrained, giving a blow job. "Madam, Sir, I see your
waitress is busy, would you like me to freshen you drinks".
Samantha and Bill said yes and thanked her. Meanwhile,
Samantha, who was obviously watching me through the glass
table top, continued to chat with Bill about my cocksucking
abilities. Bill started to move back and forth, pumping my
mouth, thrusting deeply into my throat. I almost gagged, but
remembered Mistress Victoria's threat about working in her
brothel. Suddenly hot sperm started filling my mouth, I
swallowed frantically, but couldn't get it all down.

Just at the moment his cum started oozing past my lips and
onto my face the other waitress arrived with their drinks.
"Here you are Madam, Sir", she said as she placed the drinks
 on the table, "Is your waitress satisfactory?" Bill looked
up at her and said, "Very, satisfactory, an excellent
cocksucker". He then reached down and released my collar
and cuffs. "That will be all for NOW, Cissy - thank you".

I  stood, curtsied to them, with cum all over my lips and
face, and minced back towards the entrance. The other
waitress followed behind me. "Oh you are a hot little
cocksucker!" she giggled "and that cum looks very fetching
on your face! You had better go back to the lounge and
quickly freshen up your make up Cissy", she taunted. As I
entered the employee lounge, two of the other girls giggled
at my sperm coated face. I quickly cleaned myself, freshened
my makeup and reported back to Robert.

			     To be Continued 





			 Cgown4

		By Candy (Cissy) Michaels

As I reported back to the maitre'd, Robert, I was told to
report to a party of eight, whom had just been seated. As I
approached the table,  my stomach dropped! Seated at the
table, was my boss, his secretary, the President of my
company and his secretary, along with two other couples! I
turned around to go back to tell Robert of my problem. when
Mistress Victoria intercepted me. "Where are you going,
Cissy! You have a table to serve, get over there!" she
demanded. I quickly blurted out my problem, but Mistress
Victoria was not sympathetic at all. "I don't care if your
mother is at the table, Cissy, get you little ass over there
or you'll be working in my brothel within the hour! Besides,
I am sure that they will not recognize you!"

With my heart in my throat, I sashayed over to the table and
curtsied. As instructed, I blurted out " "Good evening
ladies and gentlemen, my name is Cissy. I am your waitress
for the evening and will serve you any way that you wish.
May I serve you a cocktail?"  My boss's secretary, Linda,
looked at me in a funny way, as if she had discovered who I
was, but they all looked at me in amusement as I stood there
before them. I was a nervous wreck as I took their drink
orderc and returned to serve them. 

As they all toasted each other, Linda looked at me with a
gleam in her eye and beckoned me to her side. She reached
behind her and undid the black ribbon that was holding her
long blonde hair in a pony tail, as she shook her hair loose
she lifted up my skirt and petticoats, and tied the ribbon
around my penis in a big bow. The entire table went
hysterical at my humiliation. the next thing I knew, Linda
had me kneeling in front of my boss, and had restrained my
wrists to his chair legs. She reached over and undid his fly
and started slowly stroking and pumping his cock, just
inches from my face. I looked up and they were all watching
the action through the glass table top. Linda continued to
slowly stroke his cock and ordered me to lick and suck on
his balls. As she continued to slowly pump him, she ordered
me to take each ball slowly in my mouth and gently suck on
it. I could tell that he was getting extremely excited as he
began to slowly grind against my face as Linda continued to
masturbate him. Out of the corner of my eye, I became aware
the each of the other ladies was doing the exact same thing
to the males next to them- they were all being jerked off
while I knelt under the table.

All of a sudden, Linda reached down and unfastned my wrists.
"Okay Cissy, let's see you crawl around and worship the
other three guys balls. I like the way you look when you do
that"! Still on my knees, under the table, I crawled past
Linda to the next cock  that was being pumped, and started
sucking on his balls. As I was working on him, I felt
something invading me from the other end! It didn't take
long for me to realize that the woman sitting across from
the man I was now working on, had  penetrated me with her
high heel! Watching the action through the glass, everyone
cheered at her creativity.

Using her heel like a handle, she suddenly pushed me to the
next man, and withdrew her heel. As I started working on
him, I felt another heel invade me. "Oh Cissy," Linda said
in a very sultry voice, "I find this fascinating to watch a
sissy boy get in in both ends. Hope you like the feel of my
shoe!" With that she used her heel to force me over the the
fourth man in the group. Again another set of balls in my
mouth and another heel up my ass! All of sudden, one of the
other girls said, "I think we need another drink. Besides,
we don't want the guys to cum yet, we have to save them for
whichever slave we buy tonight!" I crawled out from under
the table and stood up. "Get us another round of drinks,
Cissy. Perhaps we will make use of you later". 

I went off to refresh their drinks, came back and served
them. Linda still kept staring at me with an inquiring look
in her eyes. I quickly averted her eyes, served them their
drinks. I spent the next 45 minutes waiting on my two
tables. As I passed Robert, I noticed that the lady whom
Jennifer had given the guest card to,  had arrived with her
husband. She requested me for her waitress and before long,
I had served them drinks and again spent time on my knees,
under the table, orally servicing both her and her husband.
As I arose Jennifer and Holly signalled me to serve them
drinks.

As I was serving them, Jennifer turned to me and said, "Make
sure you take care of your tables during the floor show and
I want you to check your makeup regularly! You are to report
back to me right after the last act and we will help
Mistress Victoria get you ready for the slave auction. We
wish to get a good price for your talents and all the
trouble we have gone to!" I curtsied to Jennifer and went
off to continue serving my three tables.

The floor show began and the night progressed. During the
show I received two more tables to wait on, in addition to
the three I already had. One table consisted of three very
dominant women, dressed in leather, who had me lean over
their table while they changed the color of my ass to a
bright pink and penetrated me with a large dildo. The other
table consisted of 6 European businessmen who made me suck
each of them off, while they watched the floor show.
Evidently my services were satisfactory to everyone, as
twenty dollar bills were being stuffed in the top of my
corset and loads of cume were being deposited in my mouth. 

Before the last act had finished, I had received at least 8
loads of hot cum in my mouth and on my face, I felt totally
abused and humiliated. Of course, the other waitresses
really enjoyed seeing me subjugated and continued taunting
me. "Oh Cissy, we can't wait to see what happens when you
are auctioned off!"

I went to the employee lounge to freshen up my makeup, and
there we three very attractive young ladies,  dressed in
various costumes. One girl was dressed in the diaphonous
costume of a harem princess, another in a mini-bridal gown,
while the third was dressed as a cheerleader. I was informed
that they were there for the slave auction, also. They were
chatting excitedly, discussing how much money they felt they
would make tonight, and how much fun they were going to
have, doing it.

As they were talking, Mistress Victoria introduced me to
them and told them I was going to be on the auction block as
well. They all thought that this was hilarious, and started
telling me in detail some of things that they had undergone
in previous slave auctions. I cringed, hearing the details
and was become more and more apprehensive. The girls then
started discussing how I should be costumed and within
minutes I had been stripped naked! 

A white satin corset was laced around my torso, then pink
lacy stockings, pink crotchless panties and a pink lacy bra.
Next came layers of pink and white petticoats. The girls had
me sit down and they put little black  "Mary Jane" shoes on
my feet. The I was made to stand while a pink taffeta party
dress was lowered over my head. As the girls smoothed the
VERY short flared skirt over the petticoats, Mistress
Victoria  placed  a wide satin sash around my waist and tied
in in back in a large bow. Next came pink ribbons for my
hair, and finally a pink ribbon around my neck.

As I looked in the mirror I saw a prostitute's travesty of a
"little girl". By now, the other waitresses had all come in
to see how I was being dressed for the auction. Their
taunting became even more intense, and my embarassment
excrutiating. As I stood there, tears brimming, Jennifer and
Holly walked in. "Oh Cissy!", exclaimed Holly, "You are just
too fetching for words. I am sure you will command a great
price tonight!"

All of a sudden I heard a fanfare of music, and the master
of ceremony's voice announcing the auction. Just as I, and
the other three girls were being led out to the stage, for
the auction, Jennifer handed me a teddy bear. "Have fun
little girl", she taunted "and don't lose your teddy bear!"

My face was burning in humiliation as I was led out to the
stage, accompanied by my sister slaves.


CGOWN5 by Candy (Cissy) Michaels

Mistress Victoria led the four of us, through the audience,
accompanied by wild applause. As we stepped up, onto the
stage, video lights suddenly came on, as well as the popping
of a camera flash. I remembered that Jennifer had advised me
earlier,  that a producer and publisher of "kinky" films and
publications was going to photograph the night activites. I
thought to myself, "how much worse can this get?" - I was to
soon find out.

There I was, with three other slaves -one dressed as a harem
girl, another  as a cheerleader,  the third in a mini bridal
dress, and me in my frilly little girl party dress - ready
to be auctioned off to the highest bidder to be used as
their "toy" for the evening.

Mistress Victoria introduced a tall, extremely muscular man
as the slave master. As the audience quieted down, the slave
master began instructing the audience on the rules of the
auction. "Ladies and gentlemen", he intoned, "as you know,
the successful bidder on each of the  slaves tonight, will
be able to use their 'purchase' for their total pleasure and
amusement. The slave may not be removed from the premises,
but must be used in one of the pleasure rooms. The pleasure
rooms are completely equipped, and as you also know, have
one wall mirrored in one-gay glass so other club members may
observe how each slave is used. I must also inform you, that
tonight's auction, as well as the ensuing acitivites are to
be videotaped. If you desire to hide your identity from the
video camera, you will be provided with masks to do this. I
would also like to request that the successful bidders
exercise the utmost creativity in the use of their slaves,
to enhance the video productions. All successful bidders
will  receive a copy of the videotape for their personal
library. Those of you who wish not to be videotaped nor
photographed, should not bid in tonight's auction". 

I started to protest that I did not want to be videotaped,
and immediately a large rubber penis was thrust into my
mouth and strapped in with a black leather strap. The
audience applauded again and my three sister slaves giggled
at my gagging. The slave master then went over to the 'harem
girl' and led her to the center of the stage. Middle eastern
music came over the speaker system as the slave master began
to auction her off. Within ten minutes, she was led off by a
large black  man to his table and made to sit at his feet as
the seven or eight people at his table clapped him on the
back and congratulated him.

The music then changed to the "Wedding March" and the slave
with the mini-bridal gown was led out to be sold. After
another ten minutes of frenzied bidding,  she was sold to
the group of six European businessmen, that I had been
forced to fellate only an hour or so ago. She was led back
to their table and sat down as the auction continued. I was
starting to tremble as just two of us remained - what was
going to happen to me? The music changed to "You Have to be
a Football Hero" as the girl, dressed in a cheerleader
uniform was place on the auction block. She was absolutely
gorgeous and,  as I looked at her, I thought to myself that
if I were in a position to, I would bid on her! The bidding
went on almost fifteen minutes, with her finally being sold
to a group of five women, all severly dressed in leather.
She was led back to their table, to await the conclusion of
the auction. Now I was alone on stage, I was next!

The music changed again and "Daddy's Little Girl" came over
the speaker system. The slave master led me to the center of
the state and removed my penis gag. "Ladies and Gentlemen",
he announced, "a special addition to tonights auction - a
little girl for you to play with - with an added extra". He
made me twirl around and then ordered me lift my skirt and
petticoats so everyone could see the added extra he was
referring to. The bidding began hot and furious, with offers
being shouted from all over the audience. I looked out and
saw Holly and Jennifer with amused expressions on their face
- as I caught Jennifer's eye, she blew me a kiss and Holly
did the same. They both looked at each other, back at me,
and disolved into laughter. The bids began to grow higher
and higher and the bidding started slacking off. Finally, I
noticed that a bidding war had broken out between three
tables. One table consisted of eight or nine women, who were
obviously lesbians, the second table consisted of about a
dozen gentlemen who appeared to be successful businessmen or
doctors, while the third table was none other than my boss's
table! Linda was screaming the bids from the table, giving
dirty looks to the other tables each time her bid was
exceeded. I don't know which was worse, the utter
humiliation that I was undergoing, or the terrible
anticipation of who was going to wind up using me as their
sex toy for the night!

As another bid came from the group of women, I noticed Linda
had walked over the the table containing the businessmen and
was whispering to one of them. As she was whispering, he
nodded his head, apparently agreeing to what she was saying.
She walked back to her table and yelled out a bid that was
DOUBLE the  PREVIOUS BID, from the group of women! They gave
Linda an angry look, looked at each other, and decided not
to bid again. Meanwhile, the slave master looked over at the
table with the twelfe gentlemen and they all smiled back,
indicating that Linda's table had won the bid. Linda then
walked up to stage and took me by the hand "C'mon little
girl", she giggled, "Mommy and Daddy want to show you
off!". I was led back to her table and seated on the lap of
my boss! He started pinching and playing with my pantied
bottom as Mistress Victoria came back on stage.

"Ladies and Gentlemen, thank you for your enthusiasm
tonight. You are all invited to go upstairs and observe how
the successful bidders use their slaves. or you may remain
here for dancing. Our waitresses will continue to serve you
here or upstairs."

Linda grabbed my hand, raising to my feet. "Play time little
girl, our new friends at the other table reached a bidding
compromise with us, and we are all going to play 'Barbie
Doll' with you!" My heart sank, as I realized that not only
was I going to be used by my boss, his secretary, the three
other couples at the table, but also the twelve gentlmen at
the other table. Linda whispered into my ear "and you had
better behave, snookums, we want you to look good on
videotape!" As linda led me upstairs to the pleasure rooms,
not only was she followed by the people at her table, but
all the gentlemen from the other table as well. I was about
to be used as no other 'little girl' had been before!

TO BE CONTINUED
CGOWN6 By Candy (Cissy) Michaels

	As Linda led me into the pleasure room,  followed by the
others, the door to the room was closed and bolted. I noticed
that one wall was completely mirrored, and I could see myself
along with others. I also realized that the mirror was one-way
glass and that any of the other club members could see into the
room and be entertained by my subjugation.

     I was immediately forced to my knees, my hands forced behind
my back and handcuffed. As I knelt there, helplessly, the men
removed their clothes, the four girls undressed to their
garters, stockings and heels, then they all sat in large
overstuffed sofas, which surrounded me. Linda had apparently been
chosen as the 'moderator' for the activities, as they began
discussing how they were going to use me for their pleasure.

   I was mortified! There I was, dressed as a little sissy girl,
locked in a room with 16 men and  four  beautiful women. It was
quite obvious from their erections, that all of the guys were
extremely excited and horny! As the four girls continued
discussing the possibilities, two of  12 guys that had reached a
bidding compromise with Linda and her table, walked over to me.
One of them lay down in front of me, grasped the back of my head,
and pulled my mouth down onto his hard cock. The other, lifted up my
skirt and petticoats, pulled down my panties and proceeded to
spank my bare buttocks with his hand, as the other continued
fucking my mouth. The other 's in the room observed with
amusement, as they continued to discuss other ways I was going to
be used.

	Linda asked the other guys what they did for a living,
and it turned out that they were all Oral Surgeons, in town for a
convention. Although I could not see them very well, because of the man
lying in front of me, pile-driving his cock into my
mouth,  out of the corner of my eye,  I did see one of the
surgeons walk over to his clothes,  pull something out of his
suit jacket and hand it to Linda. Suddenly, my head was pulled
back, and the hard cock in my mouth was removed, much to the
dismay of the guy lying in front of me.

"I have an idea", exclaimed Linda, "one of our new friends here
has a very interesting device. I'll let him explain it to you
all".

 The doctor then held up the device, "this, ladies and gentlemen,
is a new instrument that I am showing my colleagues during our
conference. It allows us to keep the patients mouth open wide, so
we can perform our surgery. The major difference is that it
allows the patients mouth to remain open VERY comfortably, for an
extended period of time. I shall demonstrate it's use on our
little Cissy slave here!"

The next thing I knew, I was yanked to my feet and my hands were
uncuffed. Linda led me over to a device that looked similar to a
saw horse, except it was a little wider on top - perhaps 8 Inches. I was
forced to lay on my back, while my wrists and ankles were
attached to each of the four legs. The doctor with the mouth
clamp, walked over and stood over me. I was chagrined to realize
that my face was at a perfect level so his hard cock rested on my
face, as he stood there.

Linda then announced,  "Gentlemen, we are going to have a little
contest. You will all choose a number from that hat, which
Kathleen is passing around, then line up in numerical order. To
begin, two  of you will stand on either side of  Cissy's face,
one will straddle her  shoulders and the fourth  will stand
behind her. This way all four cocks will be aimed at Cissy's
mouth, simultaneously.

Linda continued, " Each lady captain will then stand behind one
of the guys. At the  signal,  she will begin masturbating her
teammate until he ejaculates in Cissy's mouth. As soon as one
guy's cock is thoroughly drained into Cissy's mouth,  that male
will step back and the next man in line will take his place.and
be jerked-off into Cissy's mouth. We will continue doing this
until every one of you has been masturbated and your cum unloaded
into our sissy boy's mouth. We will score the contest in two ways
- first of all by timing each girls total time, secondly  if one
of us is able to masturbate more of you than the others,  she
will receive bonus scores. I might add, we will use the good
doctor's mouth clamp, so Cissy's mouth is held open., and she
will be unable to swallow. It will be quite erotic watching her
sissy mouth getting slowly filled with a huge pool of sperm! The
winning lady will receive the use of Cissy as a total submissive
toy for an entire weekend. We have arranged this through Cissy's
mistresses".

I started to protest but suddenly felt the mouth clamp being
forced into my mouth. I started to panic, as I realized that I
couldn't swallow nor breathe. "Relax, Cissy!", said the doctor,
"calm down and breathe through your nose, I assure you that you
will be quite comfortable". 

I could assure him that I was NOT quite comfortable, as the first
four guys walked over and positioned themselves around my face.
The four ladies then walked up, and each of them bent down and
gave me a soft kiss on the cheek. Linda actually gave me a gentle
kiss on the lips saying, "you're such a good little girl and I
just I know your mouth is going to make a cute little sperm
bank!" She giggled then stood up. 

Just as the contest was about to begin, there was a knock on the
door, and in walked tgo ladies with video equipment. Tears began
running from my eyes as I realized I was going to be videotaped
and photographed, as four beautiful women masturbated sixteen men
into my mouth. Even more frightening was that their 'party' was
just beginning! 

To be continued 




 




The room grew suddenly quiet. Linda reached over and secured a
leather band around my forehead and attached it to the sawhorse.
Now I was unable to move  my head from  side-to-side nor up and
down. Suddenly, the video lights clicked on. As I lay there,
restrained and totally helpless with four hard cocks aimed at my
mouth, I heard Linda's voice. "Get ready ladies - on your mark,
get set, GO!".

All I could see, as I looked up, were four hard cocks, each one
being grasped and pumped by a feminine hand, with the head of
each cock aimed directly at my clamped open mouth! I recognized
Linda's bright red nail polished fingers stroking and pumping on
a massive cock, while other feminine fingers with different
shades of nail polish, pumped the other three hard cocks. The
onlookers in the room started cheering and encouraging the girls.
I could hear the guys starting to breath heavily as the  girls
whispered erotically into their ears and continued pumping their
hard cocks.

The guy that Linda was masturbating started to moan in pleasure.
As she  continued pumping him, she began massaging and
caressing his balls with her other hand. That was all it took -
in the next second, thick white sperm began shooting from his
cock. Linda continued her pumping,  aiming  and milking every
drop of his hot deposit directly into my mouth! I couldn't move
my head, I couldn't close my mouth nor could I swallow as the
first hot load of cum pooled in my mouth. Now I knew what it was
like to be totally used! 

The first guy that Linda had masturbated stepped away as another
arrived to take his place. Again I saw Linda's brightly polished
fingers grab his cock and begin pumping. At that precise instant,
the second cock erupted into my clamped open mouth The sperm
rocketed around inside my mouth, and I could feel it spreading a
thin white paste of fluid over my teeth while a  large globule
sat thickly on my tongue. - again every drop carefully drained,
then replaced by a new hard cock.

The other two girls continued masturbating their teammates -
doing everything in their power to encourage their orgasms. They
were soon successful in their efforts, and,  at the same exact
time, both hard cocks erupted simultaneously into my lipsticked
mouth! As they were both completely drained, I wondered how on
earth my mouth would be able to contain all the cum that was in
the process of being injected into it!

Two new cocks replaced those two. In a matter of 5-10 minutes, I
had received four hot loads of cum in my mouth, and it wouldn't
be long before I was force fed another four loads. I looked up
and, again,  saw Linda reach around and massage her teammate's
balls with her free hand. The continuing whirr of the video
cameras reminded me that my humiliation was being recorded for
all to see, and would be sold on a nation-wide basis!

Evidently, the guys in line were becoming quite aroused  watching
all the action because it seemed like just seconds before the
second cock that Linda was masturbating began erupting. She
whispered to him as she aimed his load carefully into my mouth.
"C'mon feed the little girl her formula". 

His  penis shuddered and shot out a stream of white semen. It
flowed into my mouth like a river of cream. The sperm hit my
tongue, arched up to splash on the roof of my mouth and settled
back to join the rest of the hot sperm now beginning to fill my
mouth. It seemed like he had unloaded a gallon, of hot cum into
my mouth. Linda squealed in delight. "Oh  look at the pool of cum
building up in our little girls mouth! We will have to measure it
when we are finished to see just how much cum our little sissy
has been fed tonight!" Again, another cock appeared in Linda's
hand, who was quickly gaining an edge in the contest.

It didn't take long, however, before I was fed cum from the,
other  three cocks. Just as the third cock had deposited it's hot
load, Linda fed me another gallon of cum from the cock she was
pumping! Linda had now masturbated three cocks, while each of the
other girls had jerked off two . It seemed like she was
determined to win the contest, and use of me for a weekend!

Again four new cocks were aimed at my mouth, as the girls
continued their competition.. These guys were really aroused -
their cocks were rock hard! Linda's technique seemed to be giving
her the competitive edge. The other three girls were certainly
not giving up, though, as I noticed that all four of them were
now using both hands on the guy they were each working on.
Suddenly loud moans, and the impossible happened! All FOUR cocks
erupted simultaneously! Gallons of hot sperm were injected into
my mouth while each girl worked frantically to drain the last
drop, since there were only three cocks left!

One of the other girls finished first and a new cock was quickly
aimed at my mouth. Linda finished draining the cocks she had just
unloaded into my mouth and another cock found it's way into
Linda's hand. Quickly the third cock was withdrawn and another
new cock was being masturbated into my mouth. In less than 45
minutes, four beautiful women had jerked off thirteen guys into my
mouth - and they were currently masturbating the last three guys!

I could feel the hot cum in my mouth. My head immobilized, my
mouth clamped open and being unable to swallow, I could feel the
pressure against my cheeks. The lake of cum in my mouth was now
almost overflowing. How in the world was I going to be able to
hold all the sperm they were feeding me! In the background I
could hear voices. as everyone encouraged their favorite lady
towards winning the contest. I could also hear the voices of the
two camera ladies,  discussing camera angles and close-ups as
they continued videotaping my humiliation. 

The remaining three girls continued pumping and masturbating
their teammates cocks feverishly, as the contest was reaching
it's finale. Each of the girls was whispering erotically to their
partners in an effort to being them to orgasm. I heard Linda
whisper to her partner, "If we win you can visit me during
Cissy's weekend of humiliation and use her as often and in anyway
you wish. C'mon give the little sissy cocksucker a big load NOW!"

Linda's erotic whisperings worked, as his cock suddenly shot a
huge load of cum into my mouth, and it continued shooting for
another 15-20 seconds! I had never heard  of nor seen anyone
ejaculate with such a quantity of hot sperm- not even in the
wildest X-rated movies! I thought it was going to overflow out of
my mouth , but Linda reached down and quickly caught the sperm
that was starting to trickle out of the corner of my mouth and
onto my face, and pushed it back into my mouth with her finger.
The other two girls continued their pumping, and it was just
seconds before those two cocks ejaculated two more sizeable loads
into my mouth. 

As the contest ended, everyone in the room cheered and
congratulated Linda, while I lay there. totally helpless, with my
mouth completely  filled with sperm, the four ladies moved away
and the two girls with their videocameras moved in to take
closeups, then moved back for  wide angles shots. Linda walked
over and  looked down at me with an amused smile on her face.
"Well, little girl", she exclaimed, "looks like I am going to
have the use of you for an entire weekend. I just can't wait to
see how my MANY friends are going to use and humiliate you"! With
a throaty laugh she continued: "But for now, My little sissy
cocksucker, we have the rest of the night to play with you!" 

Linda and the other three girls then surrounded me. One of them
lifted up my skirts and petticoats so everyone in the room could
see my penis. The four girls than began stroking my legs, teasing
my thighs and caressing my balls. Despite my humiliation, my cock
began growing and became extremely hard. Linda suddenly reached
down and began pumping my erection, as the other three girls
caressed my legs, thighs and balls. I could feel my orgasm
welling deep inside of me and as I started to ejaculate, one of
the other girls held a small container at the head of my erupting
cock, and drained all of my sperm into  it.

Linda then stood up and unloosened the band that was immobilizing
my head. While another girl held a  glass measuring cup next to
me, Linda tilted my head  to one side, so all 16  loads of cum
that were in my mouth, trickled into the container. The clamp was
removed from my mouth, while the other two girls  released my
restrained wrists and ankles, and helped me stand up. 

Everyone in the room applauded, as I stood there in abject
humiliation, cum coating my face. Linda sat on the couch then
ordered me to sit at her feet, with my back leaning against her
legs. She then place her hands under my chin and tilted my head
back. I looked up and her beautiful eyes bore right into mine. As
she held my tilted head in her lap, the girl holding the glass,
cum-filled container approached me. "Ladies and gentlemen", she
announced, "As you can see, their was a total of 8 ounces of cum
deposited in Cissy's mouth tonight. Also, we have another 3/4 of
an ounce which we milked from her little sissy cock." She then
took the small glass, containing my sperm and poured it into the
larger container. 

Ac Linda held my head, cradled in her lap,  she forced my mouth
open wide. The other girl raised the measuring  cup over my mouth
and  tilted it downwards. All eight and 3/4 ounces of  sperm slid
out of the glass and directly between my waiting lips, into my
open mouth. Linda started stroking my throat. "C'mon little
girl", she exclaimed in an amused voice, "swallow the formula
all these nice men have given you."

I had no choice, as she pulled on my chin, forcing my mouth
closed while stroking my throat at the same time. I swallowed
thickly several times, while the other girl raised the empty
container to the cheers of the crowd. I could feel my stomach
sloshing with the semen of 16 men! The two-girl video crew
switched off their lights and cameras. As they left the room one
of them said, "Thank you ladies and gentlemen for a very erotic
scene. I am sure our customers will be delighted to view this
video.

The four girls then had me sit on a chair, while they cleaned my
cum smeared face, repaired my makeup and freshened my lipstick.

"Well Cissy", said Linda, "I am going to have to think
about an entire weekend of humiliation for you. I think I will
plan on a holiday weekend so we can use you for Friday evening as
well as three full days!" She added, "It's too bad you don't work
at the same company I do, then we could have you perform for us
anytime we wished!"

Linda continued, "For now, we have a few hours left in the
evening. So we will open the door to the pleasure room and let
anyone and  everyone who wishes, play with you, use you, and
humiliate you in anyway they wish." 

 CGOWN8 by Candy (CISSY) Michaels

For the next several hours, all the club members who had
been spectators during the masturbation contest, were now
free to enter the pleasure room and use me in anyway they
wish. Most of the time, I spent on my knees sucking endless
cocks, licking multiple pussies, and being fed continuous
loads of cum. A few times, I found myself bent over the
sawhorse, being fucked in my rear by both women using
dildos, and men using the real thing. At one point in time,
I was being continuously fucked by the leather clad lesbian
ladies, who had been bidding on my services at the auction -
they enhanced my humiliation by having a male rape my mouth,
as the continued raping my sissy bottom. Of course, the
girls with the video cameras had returned to record my
further degradation. 

As the night grew to a close, Holly and Jennifer returned to
the room. They consulted a few minutes, in private with
Linda - evidently making arrangements to turn me over to
her, at some future date, for my weekend of servitude. 

As Holly and Jennifer started to lead me from the pleasure
room, Linda came up to me and kissed me on the cheek. "Oh
Cissy, you have been such a good little girl", she said. "I
just can't wait until Jennifer and Holly turn you over to me
for my weekend open house. I plan on having many house
guests, over the weekend, and I am sure that they will find
many ways to use a cute little sissy cocksucker like you!"
Linda giggled, gave me another kiss on the cheek, patted my
petticoat covered bottom, and wished me goodnight.

Jennifer and Holly then led me back downstairs to the
employee lounge. The other girls, waitresses and auction
slaves alike, applauded as I entered the room. With my face
burning in shame, they all commented on what a good little
girl I had been and how they had all enjoyed watching me as
a waitress and as a sex toy in the auction. Jennifer and
Holly removed my little girl costume, leaving me corsetted
and pantied. I was helped into my coat, and we returned to
my hotel. 

Jennifer and Holly both kissed me goodnight and reminded me
that I had an appointment to model exotic lingerie, costumes
and bondage equipment at Carolyn's Boutique. "I want you to
be all made-up and ready to go at 6PM", said Jennifer. "We
shall have a quick dinner then got to the photo session. Be
ready!"

As I retired for the evening, all the things that had
happened to me during the past several days, kept running
through my head. The incredible part of the whole situation
was the fact that even more humiliation and servitude was
yet to come! Exhausted, I  drifted off to sleep .

The next day I spent working, manning our exhibit at the
trade show. Linda arrived in the booth , just after lunch,
and started talking to me. "Oh Charles", she exclaimed, "You
should have been with us last night! We all went to the most
biazrre adult club that I have ever seen! You  just wouldn't
believe how incredibly kinky it was!"  Linda continued with
a very detailed and explicit description of the night's
entertainment. "They even had a man, actually a real sissy
boy, that was totally subjugated, dressed as a little girl,
and made to  submit to  total sexual servitude and
humiliation from both men and women! It was really hot!

As he beautiful eyes bore into mine, she continued. "You
should go with us tonight, we are planning on  watching
another bizarre and erotic display!"  My head was spinning!
Was she taunting me - did she know that 'Cissy' was indeed
me? No, I was letting my mind run away with itself - but was
I? I stammered back to Linda, that I had an appointment with
a customer that evening, who was quite prudish. "Oh well,
Charles", you'll still have a chance to witness my sissy in
action - and even use 'her' lipsticked mouth yourself!"
Linda then explained how she had won the contest, (as if I
didn't know!) and that I was invited for her open house the
weekend of Cissy's servitude.

I could swear she was taunting me - but again, I was letting
my imagination go wild. How could she have possibly
recognized me - no way - I just looked too different. "See
you later, Hon," she cooed as she kissed me on the cheek,
"too bad you can't join us". 

I returned to my hotel around 5:00 and there was a message
from Jennifer, telling me to be ready for 6:00. I quickly
showered, made sure that my body was totally hairless, then
applied my makeup. At precisely 6:00, Jennifer and Holly
arrived. I was laced into the pink corset, that I had
obtained at Carolyn's, along with the matching bra and
crotchless panties. Sheer black stockings were slid up my
legs, attached to the garters, then my feet were squeezed
into 6 inch black patent high heels. Holly fussed with my
makeup, making me look even more exotic. My wig was
carefully teased into place, and finally the humiliating
pink ribbon around my penis! 

Holly threw my coat over me, and both girls grabbed my arm
and escorted me out of the room, down the elevator, to a
taxi waiting outside the hotel. After a short ride, we
pulled up to a small restaurant, got out of the taxi and
entered.

The hostess greeted Holly and Jennifer by name. "Your
dinner guests are waiting  for you", she said as she led us
to out table. Although I had almost become used to being
surprised over the past several days, I was again shocked.
Sitting at our table, waiting for us, were Linda and my
boss!

As we sat down, Linda greeted me. "Hello Cissy, we are dying
to see your little modelling session tonight. Oh by the way,
I have been telling people about my upcoming open house and
you, little girl, are going to be quite busy!"  As the
waitress came over to take our order, Jennifer unbuttoned my
coat, revealing my frilly attire underneath. As the waitress
looked in surprise, Jennifer pulled the coat open even
further,  so she could see my beribboned penis! She started
to giggle, then went and dragged  several of the other
waitresses over to see Jennifer and Holly's trained sissy. 

Since they had plans for me, the dinner was mercifully short
- although every employee in the restaurant, waitresses, the
hostess, the bartender, even the cooks and dishwashers, made
some excuse to make a trip to our table to see the "sissy
boy".

As we left the restaurant, I received quite a few amused
stares from the other patrons, giggles from the waitresses
and leers from the bartender. The five of us then jumped
into a taxi for the short ride to Carolyn's boutique. There
was a "closed" sign on the door as we arrived. Jennifer led
us all around to the back door, where Carolyn admitted us.

"How nice to see you again, Cissy", said Carolyn. "Of course
you remember Cyndi and Robin. Blushing, I greeted the two
young ladies. Carolyn continued, "Cissy this is our
photographer, Michelle, and her assistant, David." I
murmured a greeting, as they both gave me an amused look.

Carolyn then explained to the people that were with me,
"First we are going to have Cissy model some of the fantasy
outfits, which I have designed for transvestite. Next we
shall have her model some of the bondage and restraint
equipment, and finally some of the 'toys' that I am offering
will be used on her".

Jennifer, Holly, and of course, Linda and my boss, were
invited to sit, relax with a drink, and enjoy the photo
session as Robin and Cyndi  led me to the back changing
room.

For the next two hours, I was photographed in every
imaginable  costume that a crossdresser would enjoy wearing
or costumes that admirers of crossdressers would enjoy
seeing. Erotic lingerie, corsets, bridal gowns, cocktail
dresses, skirts, blouses, baby-doll nightgowns, little girl
party dresses,  cheerleader  outfits, school girl uniforms,
frilly little baby dresses- just about every costume for
every fantasy! Of course, I  was also made to model the
mandatory  transvestite french maid uniform. 

As I finished the costume portion of the photo session,  a
very striking female, accompanied by a tall muscular man
arrived. Carolyn led them over to me. "Cissy,  I'd like you
to meet Mistress Gwen and Master Philip. They will be posing
with you for the next part of the session, modelling my new
leather wear line, as well as demonstrating my bondage
equipment and  other devices."

I was again led to the back room by Robin and Cyndi. This
time, I was laced into an extremely heavily boned leather
corset and matching leather panties. The panties had a
zipper that opened from the front of my crotch area up and
over my butt, so I could be exposed in any manner my
Mistress or Master desired. Finally, 8 inch black patent
high heels, with locking ankle straps were placed on my
feet. I could not walk back into the main room without Robin
and Cyndi holding each of my arms. The shoes were absolute
murder! Thankfully, I was allowed to sit.

For the first hour of the bondage device photo session,
Mistress Gwen  and Master  Philip modelled Carolyn's
extensive line of leather wear, while I was restrained in
every way possible, with Carolyn's line of bondage devices
-kneeling, bent over a sawhorse, standing and lying in a
spread-eagle position, and even suspended! I was gagged,
blindfolded, and totally subjugated for the cameras, as
Mistress Gwen and Master Philip demonstrated Carolyn's
complete line of whips, paddles and canes!

The final part of the photo session was devoted to Carolyn's
toy and device products. First of all, I was photographed
alone,  in various  B & D  devices - chastity belt, with a
self contained butt-plug, leather cock and ball sheaths,
hoods,  and cock rings. Next, Carolyn's very unusual and
innovative humiliation and sexual  submission devices were
brought out. 

Carolyn then turned to everyone in the room and announced,
"This section of the catalog is going to be a separate
supplement, only available to select customers. To really
show-off these devices, actual sexual submission is
required. and I will tightly control, just who receives this
supplement."  I could hear comments from the observers, "Oh
Hot!", exclaimed Holly. "This I gotta see", said Linda.

I was then bent over the sawhorse again, with my wrists
restrained and my legs spread wide open and restrained at my
ankles. Mistress Gwen then strapped on a black leather belt,
with a huge dildo. A bridle was placed over my head, along
with a bit in my mouth. As the camera started clicking,
Mistress Gwen thrust the dildo deep into my ass, while
pulling on the reins of my bridal. Tears ran from my eyes as
she fucked me deeply. All I could do was moan as the bit in
my mouth kept me from talking or complaining. I heard
Jennifer exclaim "Oh I love it! I'm going to try that on
her, next time we get together". After several shots of my
being reamed by Mistress Gwen, I was released from the
sawhorse.

The next device looked something like a kneeler, one sees in
a church. but all similarities ended there. Coming up from
the front, were three small metal posts. One post was
precisely in the middle, with the other two located on each
side. I was made to kneel in the device. The middle post had
a small cup, that  I rested my chin in, while my wrists were
secured to the two side posts. A harness was placed over my
head, which prevented me moving my head from the chin rest.
Carolyn then turned to the observers. "Ladies and Gentlemen,
my latest invention- a three way face-fucking bench. As you
can see, the slave's head is held immobile, while her two
hands are also available. This allows a continuous
face-fucking of the slave. As her mouth is being fucked, two
other cocks can be masturbated to near completion, by her
restrained hands. If the slave is properly motivated by her
Mistress or Master,  she will receive continuous forced
feedings of cum, from as many men who are present. "

I heard Linda exclaim, "I'm gonna buy one of those, for our
weekend!" Everyone laughed at her enthusiasm, as Michelle
photographed me in this insidious device.

Carolyn then stepped forward. "Now I want see it in  actual
use. Master Philip, please pose with your cock in her
mouth."  Master Philip stepped up to the bench and thrust
his hard penis deep into my mouth. Again, the flash and
clicking of Michelle's camera. Carolyn then turned to my
boss, and to Michelle's assistant, David. "Would you
gentlemen mind helping to demonstrate?"  In a matter of
seconds, both David and my boss had walked over and I now
found myself masturbating them, as Master Philip fucked my
mouth! Again, Michelle's camera clicking.

Much to the disappointment of all three men, Carolyn had
them step away from the bench, before they had attained
orgasm. "Time enough for that later, Gentlemen. I have a few
more devices that need to be photographed".

I was released from the face-fucking bench and made to
kneel down. Robin then strapped another device over my head.
Again, it was a bridle-like harness, but directly over my
nose and mouth a large soft plastic contraption was secured.
Carolyn then held up a mirror, as she explained to the
observers. "As you can see, this is a very realistic model
of a vagina." I looked in horror at my reflection in the
mirror! It looked exactly like a vagina! Carolyn continued,
"For a master who desires the feeling of a hot vagina around
his penis, but not having one available, I have created an
alternative. It is soft and comfortable, and with
penetration through the silicone labia, the master will
experience the same warm erotic feeling as penetration of a
real vagina. The only difference," Carolyn giggled,"is that
the warm moist feeling is the slaves mouth! Give it a try
Philip!"

The camera clicked and flashed as Master Philip began
fucking the artificial vagina  and, of course, once again,
my mouth! I could smell the sensuous aroma of Michelle's
perfume, as she moved in for extreme close-ups of Master
Philip using the device. Carolyn, once again had Master
Philip  remove his hard penis from my mouth, before orgasm.
"Only one more device, Philip, and this time you can cum all
you want", exclaimed Carolyn.

Carolyn then removed the artificial vagina from my face.
Turning to everyone in the room, she announced: "and now
ladies and gentlemen, the ultimate device for those slaves
who require a constant protein diet". 

Carolyn led me to a device that looked like a chair, but
instead of the back being full, it just had two supports
coming up, one on each side. "Sit down, Cissy", she ordered.
I started to sit in the 'chair, trying to figure out how to
lean back , when Carolyn interjected. "No Cissy, face the
other way!" I got up, then sat down in the chair, facing the
back. "Lean back, Cissy," Carolyn ordered. As I started to
lean back, Carolyn slid out a long flat piece from
underneath the "seat" of the chair. 

I was now, lying flat on my back, with both feet still on
the floor. That didn't last long, however. Robin and Cyndi
lifted my legs so they were straight up in the air, and
restrained my ankles to the two posts coming from either
side of the chair! I was positioned like the letter "L" with
my legs  vertical, and the rest of my body horizontal.

Carolyn adjusted the part of the chair I was lying on, so it
tilted down, attached a broad strap tightly around my waist
and restrained my arms to the waist belt. Next she swung out
a large funnel-like device so it was directly over my face.
Attached to the bottom of the funnel was a mouthpiece
attached to a short hose. The mouthpiece was then secured to
my mouth.

Carolyn again turned to the observers. "This is an extremely
versatile device. It allows a heavy oral protein ingestion.
As you can see, the sperm donors simply have to ejaculate
into the funnel, and it is injected directly into the slaves
mouth. Adaptors are available to make the funnel larger at
the rim, to accommodate as many donors as desired." Carolyn
continued, "The appliance also allows the slave to be force
fed with his own sperm". With that, Carolyn  produced a
sheath like device that she placed over my penis. She
squeezed a small bulb that inflated an envelope, inside the
device, so it was tight. Next she attached a clear plastic
hose to the end of the sheath, and attached the other end of
the tube to a small pump  that was attached to  the bottom
of the funnel.

"As you can see", said Carolyn, "should there be no donors
available, the slave can be continuously supplied with
protein supplied by her own body. This also increases sperm
dosage, even when you are fortunate enough to have donors".
Carolyn then reached over, flicked a small switch,. A sudden
wave of ecstasy hit me. My penis was being pumped and sucked
in a way that I had never felt before. It was a fantastic
feeling! I only wished that I wasn't restrained like this in
front of onlookers. 

Michelle, started taking pictures of the device, as it
pumped my hard penis. As she photographed me in Carolyns
"feeding station" Master Philip, David and my boss all
walked up to the funnel, and began masturbating. Again. more
flashing and clicking from Michelle! The three men were
beginning to moan in pleasure, and I realized that I was
about to receive another forced feeding of cum! As their
jerking off became faster and faster, I suddenly felt
Mistress Gwen penetrating my exposed bottom  again. This
time, however, the dildo was not so thick but it was
extremely long. With a hard lunge, she penetrated my exposed
ass and started rubbing the end of the dildo against my
prostrate! That did it! The pumping on my cock, the dildo
massaging my prostrate and I suddenly saw thick white sperm
- lots of it - travelling up the clear plastic tube, heading
for my mouth. 

Michelle continued her photographing, as the first drop of
my own cum, landed on my tongue! Seconds later, hot thick
streams of it started filling, my mouth. I swallowed
frantically as the sperm kept coming. Then, more sperm!
Three huge loads of it, to be precise, as Master Philip,
David and my boss ejaculated into the funnel. Mistress Gwen
kept up her fucking of my ass, causing me to shoot another
hot load of my own cum into my own mouth, as  Michelle and
her ubiquitous camera continued shooting pictures! 

All the cum, constantly flowing into the funnel, was visible
to everyone watching. Evidently it got the guys excited
again, as all three of them provided three more donations
of their hot cum to my restrained mouth!.

Finally, I was released from the "feeding station". I felt
exhausted, used and totally humiliated. Carolyn helped me
up. "Sit down, Cissy, you've been an excellent model", she
said "I think we shall have you model for our new catalogs,
twice a year".

I was past the point of protesting. I just nodded my head
quietly in acquiescence. Carolyn handed me a glass of wine,
and we all relaxed and chatted awhile. I of course, spoke
very little as I did not want my boss, nor Linda to identify
me.

Linda turned to Jennifer and Holly. "Just how did you get
this sissy to submit to all these things?", she asked.
Jennifer answered, "We really owe it to Carolyn. You see, we
ordered Cissy to show up here and be fitted for a corset. We
didn't really know if the little sissy would really  go
through with it, but once he showed up, we had him! Carolyn,
Robin and Cyndi took photos of him in his corset, crotchless
panties and bra. However, he had no makeup nor wig on, so he
is totally recognizable in the photo. Carolyn also held one
of his credit cards ransom, so we know his true identity.
You see, we could blackmail him in a second, if he doesn't
do exactly what we want!"

Linda exclaimed, "Wow! That's fantastic! I'd love to see
those photos!" Carolyn got up, went to her desk and returned
with an envelope. "Here, Linda, take a look"!

My head started whirring, I became flushed, and my stomach
suddenly knotted up. Linda opened the envelope, and withdrew
the photographs. A look of shock came across her face, then
it slowly turned into a huge smile. Looking at me, she
handed the photographs to my boss!

Again, the look of shock, quickly replaced with a smile. 

I couldn't bear to look at either of them, my face was
burning in embarrassment. Linda stood up, not letting on to
the others that she knew who I was, and walked over to me.
As I sat there, cowering, she gently removed my wig, gave me
a kiss on the cheek, and whispered into my ear. "Looks like
you will be gaining some new job responsibilities, my sissy
little girl". With a throaty laugh, she looked at my boss.
As she winked at him, he winked back at her - then at me!

The End

