Archive-name: Violent/ch3.txt
Archive-author: Mark E. Dassad
Archive-title: ChickenHawk 3 - Loose Meat Sandwitches


contains non-consensual (homosexual) sex *between* minors, this
particular story is m/m/f, and pretty damned violent, depending on
your perspective of course, as there's no actual dismemberment or
mutilation it may not be quite violent enough (?)


Another time period in the continuing adventrues of The Chicken Hawk,
he and his buddy 'Dozer are just out of HS.  Please note there are not
any other stories in this third series and it's likely there may never
be.

This is fiction.  I didn't do these things, I don't think YOU should.
But it's not a crime to whack off to the fantasy, at least not until
the government can figure out how to monitor brain-waves.
I'm not responsible for your actions and you're not responsible for
mine.

MED SEP-12-93

(C) 1993  Mark E. Dassad.    May be reproduced and  redistributed
    un-edited and  un-altered in electronic format for NON-PROFIT
    ONLY  with this notice intact.  The author reserves the right
    to sell paper copies at huge profit to the disconnected.  Any
    other use constitutes fraud, and you'll be hunted down like a
    dawg and violated if you violate this. Okay you can fix typos,
    but only if you send me corrections.
    +++++++  It's not about violence, it's not about sex.  +++++++
    +++++++++++++++    It's about violent sex.     +++++++++++++++


Chicken Hawk 3:  "Loose Meat Sandwiches"

* * *

We'd kept her tied to the bed, stark naked and spread-eagled, for the
better part of the evening without touching her, as we calmly sat, one
on each side of her, guzzling some cheap brand or other of Pennsyl-
vania piss-water that the goobers called `beer' and reminiscing the
high points of previous encounters.

It had become our customary ritual, 'Dozer and me, we liked to watch
their terror rise up in waves, ebbing and flowing; it was almost as if
we could see it building in the pit of their naked exposed groins,
picking up speed in their bellies, cresting in their lungs, crashing
against their vocal cords, their backs arching, muscles taut straining
against the ropes as a ferocious tidal-wave of terror slammed wet and
raspy against the ball-gag, forced back down their throat by the
obstruction to settle wetly in their groin, only to rise again when
their body inevitably fought again instinctively to escape the
inescapable reality of their predicament.

"You remember that Chinese slut we did a couple months ago, the one
with the little mole on her snatch?"

'Dozer's face was flushed; we were tanked on beers and speeding our
asses off.  His eyes glittered, and he grinned that special Jack
Nicholson grin of his.

The piece of poonie on the bed twitched.

"Oh man!"  I rubbed myself, smiling at the little cunt tied to the
bed.  "I remember how she screamed when my fat dick split open her
tiny little chink cunt..."

A couple months earlier we'd snatched some oriental honey right off
the fucking street, I have no idea how old she was, they all have such
tiny tits and hardly any pubic hair that I don't even mind doing
adults, it still feels like chicken to *me*.  This stupid little chick
was walking through one of the neighborhoods where we made regular
deliveries, out in that neighborhood, at night, a girl, _alone_!

It was an impulse acquisition.  Hell we were what, eighteen?  Out of
HS a mere year, we still had hormones to spare.

"Shit, our dicks really tore up the space between the little bitch's
legs," 'Dozer laughed, reminiscing, the front of his filthy jeans
expanding.

I smiled, stroked myself as I watched the panic building inside this
girl, as 'Dozer and I discussed our previous fuck-festivals with young
meat.  Muffled squeaks rose around the gag in her mouth; there was no
particular need to gag her, we'd spent a lot of money and effort
sound-proofing our attic hideaway.  But gagging them made them panic
worse, the screams washing up against the gag, unable to escape,
washed back down into the pit of their bellies only to rise up again
more urgent, more intense.  When we finally un-corked it the scream
that burst out would shake the walls and make us all come together.

We'd snagged this little hippie-wannabe, some little Jr. High School
freak, from the hippie hangout in Jefferson Park.  She'd been stoned
off her cherry little ass and had hopped right into 'Dozer's old Chevy
on the promise of some good dope.  Good dope all right, good god,
'Dozer gave her a couple quality reds and she was all but comatose,
dish-rag limp as we stripped her and tied her spread-eagle to the bed
in the musty dark attic of the rat-hole we were renting.

'Dozer worked a couple hours a week at a porn shop in Times Square, we
both made great cash moving random junk for the local dealer, we
could've lived better, but this house was primo for our `hobby'.  No
nearby neighbors, just a gas station, a power plant, we were near the
railroad yards, a real scuzzy shack in the grungiest part of town.
Nobody came near us, not the meter reader, not the cops, not the
landlord that we mailed our checks to, not even Jehovah's fucking
Witnesses.  We enjoyed our privacy.


My dick was getting anxious to start the party.


"'S it your turn for firsts or mine?"  I stood up, removed my jeans,
folded them, placed them on the top of the shelves holding our
collection of toys.  It was useful that 'Doze worked in the city and
browsed the various porn shops, we had an impressive collection of
dildos, vibrators, whips, clamps, cuffs, harnesses, gags, hell you
name it, we probably had it.  And yet we'd tied her to the bed with
cotton clothesline.  Tradition?

My cock forced it's way out of my jockeys, drooling in lewd antici-
pation of the activities it had planned.  I slipped them off, folding
them up and placing them on top of my jeans as I watched this little
girl's eyes widen in horror at the site of my fat ten inches pointed
straight at her body.  

'Dozer was on the other side of the bed, tearing off his clothes as
fast as he could, flinging them in random directions as lust overtook
him.  I'd finally convinced him I really meant it that I'd kill him if
he didn't clean up after himself in the kitchen and bathroom.  I think
it was the loaded gun I shoved up his ass that morning after he'd
puked in the bathtub.  He'd cleaned the whole goddamn thing up,
hangover and all.  I guess I can be pretty persuasive.  I couldn't
keep him from slobbing out when we were "entertaining", but he did his
share cleaning up afterward, so I laid off him for throwing his dirty
clothes all over the place when we were rockin'.

"I did the kid from the arcade last weekend," 'Dozer acceded. "You can
have firsts if you want."

"Wanna warm her up for me first?"  I waved at the array of whips and
clamps hanging off the far wall.

'Dozer grinned. He usually let me have first penetration; his real
kick was laying down the first lines on a fresh human canvas.

He lumbered over to the wall, selected a nice heavy leather strap
covered with small pointed nail-heads.  I watched as he selected his
target, all the while taking in the smooth, unblemished skin of this
girl's naked bound form, the thin patch of brown hair that barely
covered her plump young mound, a few mere wisps sneaking down the
edges of her nether lips.  

I smiled at the small rise of her juvenile breasts, hardly a handful,
round pink nipples pointing heavenward.  She had obviously only just
begun puberty, exactly the way I like my meat, medium rare.  Much
younger than this one and they don't grease up for you, can't
humiliate themselves by oozing girl-cum all over their rapists' cocks.

'Dozer smiled wickedly; I watched as her body tensed, the little chick
squeezed her eyes shut, whimpered pitifully around the gag.  'Dozer
reared back and swung the strap studded-side down, landing a perfect
blow to her plump young mound.  A wail vibrated from this girl's
rib-cage every muscle in her body contracted, the tendons stood out as
instinct forced her to try to scream, pull futilely against her bonds
her body arched off the bed her long brown hair flying in all
directions as her head thrashed from side to side.

My cock jumped at the sight of all the little red dots sprouting on
her mound and cuntlips where the studs had made their vicious impact.
'Dozer leaned his full weight into the task and swung the strap again,
this time flattening her tender young breasts.  Her body arched, a
muffled scream of pure agony sputtering out around the plastic stopper
my cock was dancing, ecstatic, as 'Dozer proceeded to lay the strap
across every bit of flesh available, he lashed her armpits, he whaled
the tops of her feet, the soles of her feet, covering every inch of
exposed flesh save her face and throat with blow upon bruising blow of
tiny red dots.

His cock an angry red spitting snake, 'Dozer stepped back to admire
his handiwork, indicating I was free to initiate her cunt.

I leapt onto the bed between this girl's legs, my cock was as hard and
as fat as it's ever gotten; I wasted no time with foreplay I lay down
on top of the little bitch and rammed my dick up into her tight little
snatch, feeling her entire body tense as my cock tore into her.

She was tight and dry but I couldn't tell whether my weight on her
bruised beaten body was hurting her worse than my huge dick ripping
open her pussy all I knew was that even bound and gagged she twisted
and writhed beneath me as I fucked her, hideous moans vibrated in her
rib-cage; I could tell when my cock hit bottom because her gut would
spasm as the pain of my dick slamming into her cervix fired off a
frantic array of pain signals to her brain.  Instinct told her to
expel the monster stretching her open, and her cunt squeezed at my
shaft, clutching it lewdly in it's effort to rid itself of my dick.

Of course it caused me to ball the little wench harder than ever, the
more franticly she tried to expel me from within her the more
franticly I pumped her.  I started slamming my cock into her faster
and harder, exulting in the way her body tensed and arched against my
hairy young torso sliding back and forth against her leather-warmed
flesh as I pistoned myself between her spread legs.

I clutched at her flat, bruised little tits, pulling myself up her
body as I fucked the little slut, I leaned over her face, breathing
hotly against her, wanting her to feel my presence hovering over her,
violating her, using her the way I was destined to.  She had a cunt, I
used it, that's what they're FOR, to suck up men's seed.

With almost no warning, my balls jerked violently and I came in quick
violent spurts, clawing at the little bitch's tits, spitting
dick-juice into her tight little snatch, squeezing it out around my
cock as I continued fucking her while my cock slowly softened.  I
pulled out dribbling the last bit of jizz between her legs.

I leaned back over her staked body and whispered hotly.

"You're no fuckin' virgin."

She winced as these words slapped wetly against her face.  Although
she'd been really tight, she _wasn't_ a virgin, there was not a drop
of blood.

I smiled, lay my weight on her again, pried her eyelids open.

"_Slut_," I whispered at her, staring into her wide, terrified eyes.
"You _give_ it away, I just helped myself."  I smiled, let go of
her eyelids.  Tears leaked from the corners of her eyes as I got up
from the bed.

"Your turn 'Doze."

'Dozer'd been waiting patiently, wanking slowly enough not to come
but steady enough to stay good and hard.

"Let's roll 'er over," he suggested. "You can decorate the back of her
body and then I'll break in her back-door."

"Cool."  I grinned.  We were a perfect team.

I untied her legs, keeping a firm grip on her ankles, she did try to
kick but I was stronger than she was, and as 'Dozer started whaling
away at her breasts again she stopped struggling.  We rolled her over
and re-tied her face down, staked to the four corners of the bed.

I couldn't help but stop for a moment to enjoy the sight of all that
smooth, firm, _young_ flesh... _Perfect_ round buttocks, strong
slender legs, gently narrowing waist, narrow shoulders.  And all that
long silky hair...  I wanted to possess that hair, I'd never seen such
beautiful hair before.

"Here," 'Dozer handed me the strap, wanking furiously at the sight of
this girl's butt.  I took it eagerly, I'm fond of a fresh canvas
myself.

I leaned back, contemplating my target; with careful aim I landed a
scorching blow on her buttocks.  'Dozer and I laughed aloud as the
little slut's head snapped back and her limbs pulled futilely against
the ropes securing her to the bed.  Small angry dots appeared on her
buttocks, it looked as if she had a case of the measles.  I laid
another stripe across the bitch's shoulders; by striking in a
sweeping left-to-right motion the strap drew her hair off of her back
and the tiny nail-heads left interesting lines all across her upper
back and shoulders.

I whaled furiously at the back of her thighs and calves, I paid
especial attention to her buttocks.  The little cunt's hair was flying
in an arc around her shoulders as her head snapped from side to side
and her wrists and ankles pulled futilely at the clothesline binding
her to the bed.  Desperate strangled moans were gurgling out around
the gag.

I stepped back, exhausted, panting from the exertion, the black pocket
t-shirt I was wearing soaked with sweat.  I could hear 'Dozer
breathing hard, somewhere off to my right, as I slowly found my way
back from my speed and adrenaline rush.  The girl's back was covered
with fine dots and streaks of blood, a profound, violent morse-code
message.

"Have at her, 'Doze," I panted, placing the strap back on it's hook,
making a mental note to remember to clean the blood off the nail-heads.

'Dozer practically leapt onto the bed; I hadn't noticed I was already
half-hard until I threw another major bone, stroking myself, sucking
in my breath as I watched 'Dozer pull that little girl's bloodied
butt-cheeks apart and spear his cock through her virgin asshole,
burying himself balls-deep in one vicious lunge.

It was really fucking something to see, the little slut's whole
fucking body tensed up when 'Dozer opened her back-door; gagging
sounds of pure agony, louder and more urgent than had been forced out
of her during her "tenderizing", squeezed out around the gag in her
mouth.

'Doze' was a mean baller, he liked to pull all the way out and stab
back into his piece, putting all his body weight behind each thrust.
He pulled out slowly, supporting his whole upper body weight on the
two hands prying her cheeks apart, I thought he was going to rip her
ass wide open.  Without warning he slammed his dick back into the
chick's asshole the bed lurched under the motion, creaked, her legs
were pulled against the ropes, they were being chafed raw as he
slammed into her again, and again, and again, driving her body into
the bed as his dick tore up her asshole.

As fat as 'Dozer was he could really get a rhythm going, I was wanking
in time to the sound of the headboard slamming into the wall, to
'Dozer's animal grunts of pure lust.  

From the force of 'Dozer's dick slamming into her rectum, lunging
toward her colon, there was blood and shit and cum flying all over the
fucking place.  He grunted especially loudly, and collapsed,
exhausted.  'Dozer lay on top of the little bitch for a while after he
came in her ass, lay on her back sweating and stinking like a pig.  He
finally rolled off her, his limp dick slipping from the slut's asshole
all bloody and shit-stained.  Her butt was starting to turn purple
from the belting I'd given it, and her whole body jerked every couple
seconds as waves of agony coursed through her body from her torn-up
shit-hole.

I was dying to see if my dick couldn't outdo 'Dozer's in stretching
open the tight little bitch's asshole.

--
