"Sensor sweep negative. There's nothing in this sector, Captain," 
reported Ensign Harry Kim from his station.

"Thank you, Mr. Kim." Captain Kathryn Janeway turned to nod at the 
young ensign and paused, shooting him a speculative look. He was young 
and impressionable, probably easily cowed...she was beginning to be 
bored with the ever-impassive submission of her science officer. She 
was in the mood for someone who would beg for it....

Across the bridge, Tuvak observed the captain's inspection of Ensign 
Kim with bland Vulcan detachment. After all the years they had known 
each other (a small part of his brain made note of the pun on the 
ancient Earth sense of the verb "to know"), he could read Janeway's 
thoughts like a Betazoid. In fact, he was a low-level telepath in his 
own right, as were a certain percentage of Vulcans. The captain seemed 
quite intrigued with young Mr. Kim, Tuvak noted. It might be 
interesting to witness a coupling between the two of them...for purely 
educational reasons, of course. He frowned slightly as his uniform 
seemed to grow almost imperceptibly tighter.

"Captain?" First Officer Chakotay's smooth voice cut into Janeway's 
consciousness, interrupting a lovely picture of Ensign Kim lying buck 
naked with his hands and feet tied to the bedposts -- "Yes?" Janeway 
said somewhat irritably.

"May I speak to you in private?" Chakotay didn't know Janeway as well 
as Tuvak did, but he knew something was going on. He met her annoyed 
glare and held it calmly until she gave in.

"Very well. Mr. Paris, you have the bridge." She led the way into her 
ready room.

"Permission to speak freely," Chakotay requested formally as soon as 
the door swished shut behind them. Janeway nodded curtly, folding her 
arms across her chest. The gesture was one of impatience, but he knew 
she was listening. "Captain, something appears to be wrong. Are you 
all right? Is there anything I can do for you?" He allowed a hint of 
concern to show on his open face.

"N-" Janeway began to deny, but something in the Maquis' tone gave her 
pause. 'Anything I can do for you,' he'd said...She looked at him 
again, her gaze speculative. Unconsciously, her tongue snuck out of 
her mouth and licked her lips, lizard-like.

That tiny gesture was all Chakotay needed. It, combined with his long 
experience at reading people, spoke volumes about the sexual 
frustrations growing inside the apparently hormone-less captain, and 
about her slightly unusual tastes and proclivities. It had been quite 
a while since Chakotay had last indulged in proclivities of that 
nature. He pursed his lips. Not a word had been spoken, but volumes 
had been communicated. Chakotay smiled slightly, a feral grin that 
awakened a twinge of urgency in Janeway's groin.

"Would you like to do this somewhere else, or is the floor here hard 
enough for you?" he asked, his voice as composed as ever. Janeway 
returned his wicked grin and moved with liquid speed toward him.

"Everything in this room is hard enough for me, I hope," she said, 
moving so that the very tips of her breasts brushed his chest. She was 
nearly as tall as he, and they looked each other in the eyes for an 
instant before closing the last half-inch of space between them; their 
mouths met hungrily, hands ripping feverishly at clothing. The sturdy 
Starfleet-issue uniforms, unused to such violent passions, gave way 
and soon lay in tatters on the floor. As they sank to the floor 
themselves. Chakotay felt the cold touch of metal on his wrists; in 
moments he was handcuffed by both wrists to the legs of the captain's 
desk. Unperturbed, he grinned up at her.

"Do your worst," he urged, stretching his long coffee-colored body 
under her. For a moment she knelt by him, just admiring the strength 
of his muscled arms and legs, the firmness of his chest and stomach, 
the unabashed eagerness of his penis where it stood at attention like 
a green ensign meeting his first commander. Janeway intended to 
command it, all right. She looked up to his face, where beads of sweat 
were already condensing on the tribal symbols tattooed on his 
forehead. His eyes twinkled at her, aroused and amused. Fiercely, she 
bent to bite the insides of his thighs....

On the bridge, Tuvak shielded his console with his body as he rerouted 
the ship's inner sensors to show him the interior of the Captain's 
ready room. He observed for a moment, gauging the time remaining until 
climax, and turned his attention to the transporter. His 
well-experienced fingers easily called up a spare captain's uniform 
from the storeroom, and hid the transporter beam from sensors so it 
would go undetected. He watched on the screen as the spare uniform 
took shape, neatly folded, on the desk, unnoticed by the two on the 
floor.

"Hey, Tuvak," said B'Elanna Torres, emerging from the turbolift. "Mind 
if I use your console?" With controlled speed, Tuvak killed the 
display and turned bland eyes on the chief engineer.

"Certainly not, Lieutenant. Please be my guest." He moved out of the 
way. Torres took a few readings, then glanced up at Tuvak and around 
the room. 

"Isn't Chakotay on duty?" she asked.

"Indeed," Tuvak replied, "he is in consultation with the Captain in 
her ready room."

"Oh. Well, I need to consult with him, and I could probably use the 
Captain's advice too." She tapped the console briefly. "Thanks." She 
turned toward the ready room....

....inside which Janeway, gasping in ecstacy as she straddled 
Chakotay's strong thighs, was suddenly startled out of her excitement 
by a strange sensation -- and suddenly found herself unable to move 
her arms. "What..." She realized that she was on her back, her hands 
captive in the same handcuffs that until recently had kept Chakotay 
her willing prisoner. In the process of switching their places, he had 
removed his penis from her depths, and now knelt over her, smiling 
that same feral grin which had so turned her on earlier.

"How did you do that?" she demanded, gasping and twisting her hands. 
Her entire body contorted with the effort of trying to free herself, 
and her breasts jiggled enticingly. Her entire pelvic area burned with 
the need for release. Chakotay pinched her nipples, hard, and she 
yelped.

"An old tribal trick I learned from my father," he said. "Maybe 
someday I'll show you -- if you're nice." His grin widened, and he 
leaned over her, pushing the very tip of his straining penis into her, 
pulling backward when she tried to thrust herself onto it. "So, 
Captain, how do you like it on the other end?"

To Janeway's surprise and sudden embarrassment, she liked it a lot. 
She hadn't tried being the submissive partner since the Academy: she'd 
always found that she preferred to be the aggressive one. But there 
was no mistaking the reactions her body was giving her....

...."That would be inadvisable," said Tuvak over-hastily, moving to 
block B'Elanna's way. His words and his action were so sudden and 
un-Vulcan in their intensity that the Klingon woman looked at him with 
some concern.

"Why? What's wrong?"

"I believe the captain and Commander Chakotay are engaged in a... 
religious exercise," Tuvak explained. It wasn't entirely a lie: there 
were races in the Federation that ritually engaged in non-consensual 
or non-participatory sexual activities of a similar nature. Humans 
were endlessly fascinating, Tuvak thought: for Vulcans, the so-called 
"missionary position" was sufficient, if not necessary.

"Oh." B'Elanna's face was suffused with understanding as she recalled 
her previous interruption of Janeway's meeting with her animal guide. 
She had no wish to relive that episode. "Well, I suppose it can wait. 
Will you let me know when they're finished?"

"Certainly," Tuvak promised, and the draining of tension he 
experienced in his shoulders was surely not relief -- that would have 
been illogical.

"Mr Tuvak," said Captain Janeway fifteen minutes later when she 
emerged, her uniform looking unusually neat and well-pressed, "will 
you join us for a moment?"

"Certainly, Captain." The tall Vulcan stepped down from his station 
and followed the captain into her ready room, looking with 
characteristic detachment at the shreds of clothing on the floor, the 
twisted handcuffs still attached to the desk legs, and the amused, 
calmly unselfconscious expression on Chakotay's face as he stood 
there nude. 

"Mr Tuvak, I am grateful for your assistance," Janeway said, gesturing 
at her new uniform, "but as you can see, you seem to have overlooked a 
certain detail."

"I do apologize, Captain," Tuvak replied, and went to the wall console 
to exercise his skill. In passing he considered complimenting Chakotay 
on the size of his genitalia, but deduced from his previous experience 
with human males that such a compliment would only cause embarrassment 
and resentment, perhaps two of the most incomprehensible in the gamut 
of illogical human emotions. However, being an atypical man in many 
senses of the word, perhaps Commander Chakotay would not be averse to 
some further experimentation  -- purely for the sake of enlightenment, 
of course. Tuvak raised an eyebrow at the titillating thought, and saw 
a similar expression on the other man's face as the Vulcan handed him 
a new uniform.

"Thanks," Chakotay said simply, loading the word with meaning. Tuvak 
inclined his head formally and left. Chakotay watched him go, the 
fresh uniform almost forgotten in his hand.

"He has a cute butt," was all he said to Janeway as he began to get 
dressed.
