			 THE CHALLENGED GIRL


She excused herself.  He excused himself.  The fifth or sixth time they
maneuvered around each other in the cramped aisle of the large
university library, they spoke.  She was an 18 year old junior, having
skipped grades in grammar and high school due to her exceptionally
high intelligence quotient.  He, almost the same.  24 years old and
working on his doctorate in the same field of physics, with an 
emphasis on organic and inorganic chemistry.  They chatted briefly,
chagrined that the book they both seeked had been taken out.

She was slim, with a "good" figure.  Plain, no centerfold, but
meticulously clean and well groomed.  Just a slight trace of make up.
Again, he the same.  Trim, unassuming, taller than she, and "soccer"
fit.  ROBERT and DEBBIE.    Average looking with above average minds.    
Open and curious minds.

He saw the fatigue of an 18 hour semester on her face.  It was 9:00pm
and they left the library together, stopping at small coffee bar, and
carrying the cups with them as they walked in the crisp midwest
October air.  His schedule was as academically demanding  as hers.
Hardly enough time to laundry, let alone  socialize.  

But, as with others, they needed releases, as long as it did not take a
lot of time.  She invited him into her small one bedroom apartment
off campus.

While she made tea, he sat down at her well organized desk, and 
started writing out a complicated physics problem.  As they sat
sipping, he showed her the problem and challenged her.

If she could solve the problem she would be rewarded with whatever
she wanted of him.  If not, she would be punished!  Immediately she
asked what the punishment would be? 

" A bare bottom spanking!! " he exclaimed!

Her adrenalin and arousal rushed through her at the thought!  As a
diversion from her studies, she would meander through the History
section of the library and select books on Slavery, The  Inquisition,
and Corporal Punishment.  It only took minutes of reading about the
modest women of those times that were stripped naked and examined
by prospective buyers, or secured in wooden stocks, fondled and
whipped on their bare bottoms, to arouse her to a fever pitch.  Then
to the ladies room, with a fast  fingering of her tickler till  
she climaxed.  Then back to the books!

She looked at the piece of paper and the neatly written problem and
agreed to the challenge.

However, he said, certain criteria must be followed in solving the
problem.

	1.  She would only be allowed 10 minutes.

	     "AGREED" she said.

	2.  Only a non-scientific calculator could be used
	     for the tedious arithmetic.

	     "AGREED"

	3.  He would not talk to her or make  noise while
	     she worked.

	    "AGREED"

	4.  She could not sit at the desk.  She would stand
	      and have to bend over to do her notes and calculations.

	      "AGREED"  (somewhat concerned)

	5.  He would be allowed to touch her, but not interfere
	       with her writing.

	      "AGREED"  (wondering)

	6.  She would have to be naked!


She bit her lip and looked at the paper again.  It was a very difficult
problem but she UNDERSTOOD it and that was 90% of the battle.
She knew her tables and reciprocals well, and although the scientific
calculator would be missed, she felt she could do with out it.  Newton
and Galileo never had one!   His lips formed a closed grin as she 
pondered the last part of the challenge.

	"AGREED!!!!"

She kicked off her white running shoes and pulled the sweater over
her head at the same time.  Unzipped the jeans and slithered out of 
them.  The white sports bra was off and her full breasts jiggled
seductively with the movement.  Inserting her thumbs into the waist
band of her panties, she bent and in one motion removed them.

She stood before him naked, feeling aroused and deliciously flirtratious! 

She was determined to win the challenge, regardless of what he may do.

He placed her chair a foot away from her desk and told her to begin.
She was somewhat disappointed that he did not  compliment her
body or at least give her a small kiss.

She went to the desk.  She had to bend over the back of the chair,
and with her elbows on the desk, knew she must be presenting a
most enticing picture!  He set her test timer for ten minutes and she
began to work.



He pulled up a kitchen chair and sat directly behind her.  His eyes
level and facing her round upturned bottom.

"Click......click......click, she heard and felt the light fill the room
as
he turned the three-way switch on the floor lamp first to 100, then 150, 
then finally 200 watts.  She  continued to work, knowing without a
doubt where the light was shining and where he was looking!!

She blushed with embarrassment, but would not give in.

He just sat there, starring, as she shifted her weight from one leg to
the other, making good progress on the problem. Her legs were 
parted about three feet.   She heard his chair creak.   He had risen and 
was standing behind her.  She felt his cool hands at her slim waist.

The rough denim covering the bulge in his jeans rubbed against the
smooth skin of the center of her buttocks.  She gasped slightly as
the fingers crawled up her rib cage with the soft and deliberate steps
of a spider.  Although she was very ticklish, the hands did not probe
or dig in.  Surely, she surmised, tickling would be a clear violation of
the "rules" and she would win.

 She lost her place on the problem and quickly retraced 
her steps as the  fingers encircled her and stroked the delicate taut
skin of her upper belly.  She shifted and felt the denim rubbing against
her ass crack.    The two hands moved steadily and stealthily up her
torso to her breasts.  They hung down and the nipples were already
erect.

She breathed in deep.  Her sexual experiences were quite limited and
this was by far the wildest thing she had ever done.  Her whole body
was like a giant nerve ending.  She tried to focus on the physics
problem but as the hands slid up  to her breasts and started a kneading
motion, her head sank and she moaned aloud.

She could feel herself losing the battle as the inquisitive fingers found
her nipples and started an exploratory examination.  The fingers
circled her areolae then rubbed against the nipple tips, bending them
and allowing them to spring back.  Thumb and forefinger rolled them
back and forth ever so lightly.  She could feel each touch race through
to her groin!  Her mouth was agape and a little drool of saliva snapped
as it  hit the white paper.

It seemed to awaken her and she again gathered herself to solving the
work at hand.  With a tight grip on her pencil she pictured the tables
and her mind and began again with her calculations.  The fingers
continued teasing her nipples till she thought they would burst!

The hands rapidly slid down her sides again and rested to a halt on
her bottom cheeks.  He had sat down again, very close.  His knees
pushed themselves between her parted legs and she felt the denim
on the inside of her legs push them further apart.

He stroked her cheeks and she squirmed.  His thumbs ran down to
the center of the crack and he pried them open!  She shivered
involuntarily.  No one had ever looked or  touched her there before.
The shy pucker of her anus contracted and tried to hide.  He smiled
inwardly as his thumbnail touched the sensitive membrane and she
pushed forward against the chair back.

He wetted his index finger and began to massage the tight anal ring!!

She moaned, closed her eyes, and hung her head as the fires of hell
raced into her sex.  When her rosette was wet with saliva, he pulled
open the cheeks further and leaned in very close, pursed his lips, and
started to blow on it!!

The cool concentrated air hit her pucker dead center and sent
shivers up and down her spine.  She saw the goose bumps on her
fore arms and her temples and nipples throbbed in unison.  She
could feel the juices of her sex ooze out and betray her.

The blowing lips came closer and her head hit the desk with a thud
as his tongue snaked out and licked at the forbidden fruit of her anus!!!
The tongue ran up and down her ass crack, even licking at the soft
piece of skin separating her orifices.  He probed and licked
between her soft cheeks untill  she thought she would lose her mind!

Her head was on its side and she was gripping the edge of the desk
as the  tongue coaxed apart the rubbery folds of her pussy lips and
licked up and down her sex.  He slid off his chair and knelt directly
under her now very wide spread legs and licked and probed at her
hot sex.  The tip of his tongue touched her clit and she started to
buck and squirm.  Her tits were swinging back and forth.  He
stretched and reached around and grabbed them by the tips. 

As his tongue lapped and flicked at her clit, his fingers pinched the
nipples and shook them.    She jumped, rocked, and bucked like
a horse as her most intense orgasm ever raced through every pore
of her body.  The tongue and fingers continued their assault till she
finally scampered out his reach and curled up in a ball on the rug.

			   RRRRRRING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
			   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The timer screamed through the sultry air!!!!......and kept ringing until
he rose, walked, and shut it off.  He picked up the paper and smiled.

		"Looks like you lose," he said, holding up
		  the half solved problem.

From her fetal position, through half closed eyes, she looked at him
and groaned.

He brought her a glass of cold water and she raised herself to a sitting
position and sipped.  He stroked her short light brown hair.  She
nervously watched him.  It was clear, she lost.  Fair or unfair, she lost.
She was still breathing hard from the rousing climax as he helped her
up and led her to the couch and sat her down.

He scavenged around the apartment and came back to where she was
sitting with a pair of leather book bag straps.  He told her to lie down
on her stomach.  She did so, determined to hold up her part of the
bargain.  He placed her hands behind her back and strapped her
right wrist to her left forearm and vice versa.  Her arms were folded
behind her back and she was naked.  He ran his hands over her
bottom.  Exposed and vulnerable.

SLAP! SLAP! His hand came down hard on each cheek!

The surprising contact seemed to explode in her groin!  She never
experienced such a feeling.  She bit down into the fabric of the couch
and gasped.

SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!  Two more on each cheek, making them
shake and quiver.  SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!

This time the stings not only raced through her cunt, but exploded
in her brain as well.  He stopped and stroked her pink cheeks and
could not resist parting the them and peering at the little pucker
that betrayed her earlier.  Of her own volition, her legs parted.
He smiled and reached between her legs to tease the back lips of her
peeking sex.  She squirmed and moaned again.

SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!.........(pause).......SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!
SLAP!.............(pause)........SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!
SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!

Her ass seemed like it was on fire!  

SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!  The hands pounded her flesh and she
kicked out with her legs.

SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!  Four of the hardest made her cry out and he 
stopped.  Again the hands caressed the tender cheeks.

He stood up and pulled the sweatshirt over his head.  His belly was
flat and trim.  The faded jeans were dropped quickly.  Her head
lay sideways on the couch, tear filled eyes looking at him in his
white briefs.  He slid them off and his erect cock bounced with
new found freedom.  She wet her lips at the sight.

With almost a single motion, he rolled her over and sat her up.  She
winced as her red bottom slid on the fabric.  He knelt and raised her
legs over his  shoulders and guided his manhood to her sex.  He 
pulled her by the hips and her slit engulfed his engorged cock to the
hilt.

With mouths open and eyes closed they fucked.  With long and
steady strokes he pushed and pulled her back and forth.  The pain
in her ass a she slid on the couch mixed deliciously with the pleasure
claiming the rest of her.  He leaned forward and sucked hard on one
nipple then the other, alternating with nibbles and licks and her
throbbing buds while the cock  continued its ramming probes.

She wished she could wrap her arms around him and dig her nails
into his back.  His paced quickened and she heard him groan as his
climax approached.  Her back arched further into him and with her
own guttural sounds she plowed into orgasm!

They seem to climax simultaneously, each tensing and relishing in
their own and the other's pleasure.  It went on forever.

He withdrew from her and turned her over on her stomach again and
began to untie her hands.  SLAP! SLAP!....on her ass as she 
squealed and jumped up to his chuckle.

She watched his ass move as he walked naked over to his knapsack
and on his return, watched his genitals swing back and forth.  He
sat next to her and opened the black leather booklet he had retrieved.
He opened the pages to October.

	"Let's see.  How is the 30th for you?  I can come over
	  and we can do 'something', OK?" He asked smiling.

She replied affirmitively.  She was his slave and he knew it!  He
grinned.

	"What shall I wear?" she asked.

	"Wear the same bra and panties when I come in.  I
	  will dress you when we decided what we want to do"
	  he replied.

	"Yes, Sir" she submissively agreed.

"I have to go now," he said as he dressed.  "You stay naked for the
rest of the evening and sleep in the nude.  Tomorrow don't wear any
panties under your jeans to class.  It will make you remember tonight."
he added.

(GAWD! she thought......she would have no problem remembering!)

After he left, she picked up the piece of paper with the physics problem, 
neatly folded it, and put it in her scrap book.

She sat naked at her desk and opened the Chemistry book  for
tomorrows test.  Her doodling resulted in numerous circles with
the number "30" in the center.  She smiled.


It had been 12 days since the most fulfilling sexual experience of her
18 years could ever imagine.  And it had been a grueling 12 days of
almost not stop tests, quizzes, and complicated essays.

But her "diversion" worked in getting her through the hectic pace.

Debbie still roamed the History section of the library and was actually
becoming quite an expert in the chastisements and disciplines used
around the world throughout history. ( Maybe a minor in history?
YIKES! Don't get crazy!)

She would imagine herself in some mythical serfdom as part of an
overseer team "examining" the new  male and female slaves brought
before her.   She would have 20 or 30 in a great room.  Both sexes.
Of different sizes and shapes and ages.

Her favorite part was watching the humiliation and listening to the pleas 
as they were all ordered to strip naked!!!    Then having them
stand in lines like soldiers, while she went from one to another feeling
and fondling breasts, buttocks, and genitals!!

Any protests or movement from the "attention" position, meant instant
chastisement.  Public punishment.  The offender tied kneeling over
a trestle with legs spread while she fondled and probed their bottoms
before caning or strapping them!!  AND.....a fine lesson to the rest!!!

The more matronly women, with their full mature breasts, bottoms,
and pudgy tummies were her favorite targets!!   Their humiliation and
embarrassment of having someone so young spank and play with
their privates, made her squirm!

Maybe later, she would prefer the the nubile hairless bodies of the young
ones, playing with the pencil like peckers of the boys, or the soft
baby fatted slits of the  girls!


	   OHHHH!!! SHE LOVED HER FANTASIES!


But when in her apartment, she looked at the preserved physics
problem.  That was REAL!!  It really happened and it was wonderful!!
More than once did she sleep with the white paper under her pillow
while she masturbated herself to sleep!

And today was October 30th!!  Robert had called and reminded her
of their "date" and what she should wear.  After soaking two pairs
of panties in the last hour, she decided not to wear any at all until
she heard Robert's knock at the door.  She set a fresh pair on the
couch, ready to jump into them and waited.  She already wore the
matching white sports bra.

	       KNOCK!   KNOCK!  KNOCK!

The noise from the door sounded like gunfire!

She jumped into the panties and hopped to the door while pulling
them on.  Her insides rippled with excitement as she opened the door.

There was Robert.  As beautiful to her as Michelangelo's "David"!
Standing in his jeans, sweatshirt, and multi-pocketed safari vest.

He left the door open and gave her a passionate kiss, while lifting
her off her feet with a tight hug, and sliding his hands over her
buttocks.  As he spun her around, she tried to pull away from him
as her eyes went wide from fright!!!

There, in the doorway, was a woman!

She just stood there!  In an unfashionable and unseasonable dark wool
coat with a grotesquely "matching" wool hat.

Debbie hid behind Robert and screamed:

		"WHO IS THIS!!!!???????"

	"Oh, her?" Robert replied, "this is Beatrice," and he  ushered
	her into the room and closed the door.

	"Say hello to Debbie, Bea-bee," he instructed her.

	"Hello, Debbie," Bea replied.

	"MISTRESS DEBBIE TO YOU!" Robert corrected her.

	"Hello, Mistress Debbie, " Bea whispered, head down.

(OH MY GAWD! Debbie thought......what is going on????)

Debbie still hid behind Robert, very frightened.

Robert spoke:
			"Bea is a 36 year old adult female
			who, after a handsome divorce
			settlement, has decided to go back
			to school.  She was looking for a
			math tutor and I took the job.  But
			I've had to punish her a few times
			all ready.  Doesn't like to study."

Robert removes the wool coat and hat from Bea to reveal a short
sleeved navy A-line dress.  Debbie wondered what "punished" meant!

			"She is 5'8" tall, weighs 142 pounds,
			38"DD bosom, 28 inch waist, and 37"
			hips, with a nice full bottom.  She
			gets cold  sometimes, hence the old
			wool coat.  Without me helping her,
			she will fail Math 101 and you know
			what that means."

Robert gives the "thumbs down" gesture, clearly meaning expulsion.

			"The last papers she turned into me
			of what she calls 'homework' were
			the most abysmal attempt at math
			I have ever seen!  She needs a good
			lesson in humility!"

This  whole  time, Bea just stood there with her head down. Robert
was speaking about her like she was some specimen in the Bio Lab.


		"Help her out of her dress Debbie, and we will
		get started," Robert so matter-of-factly said.


Debbie was stunned!  This was only their second "date" for Christ sake!
Was this real? or a set up?  Debbie's quick mind raced through all
the possible answers.  Bea definitely looked very submissive!

What the hell!   Let's do it!   Debbie, self conscious about her own
bra and panty attire, advanced toward Bea.  She stood perfectly
still as Debbie started to unbutton her dress!!

IT WAS REAL!!    Debbie's fingers shook as she finished her task
and pulled the dress over Bea's head.  Bea remained passive, standing
in bra, panties, and pantyhose.

		"Go ahead, Debs.  Take off the rest. Strip
		her naked!"  Robert encouraged.

Squirts of arousal raced through Debbie as she warmed to the situation
and unclipped the bra, freeing the very large breasts.  She stood in
front of Bea and pulled down the pantyhose and panties in one
movement.

(JESUS!  SHE IS SHAVED! Debbies  eyes widened!)

Debbie had not seen a bald pussy in years......not since early junior 
high school gym showers!

		"You like the bald look?" Robert smiled.
		"Go ahead, feel it up!  She will do what
		ever you tell her to do"

Debbies eyes narrowed:  "OPEN YOUR LEGS."

Bea spread her legs apart about two feet.

		"WIDER!"  Debbie stated, feeling verrrrrrry
		confident!

As she  complied, Debbie cupped her hand and ran her curved fingers
up and down the slick lips of Bea's sex!

Everything she fantasized about was  coming true!  Bea was squirming.  
Her eyes were closed.  Nipples hard and erect. The swell
of her belly  shaking and quivering involuntarily!

She  coaxed apart the full mature lips with her middle finger and teased 
the sensitive interior....nipping at Bea's clit.  She could feel
the wet arousal.  Her eyes were still closed and head back...mouth
open.  

(OH NO YOU DON'T......NO CUMMING FOR YOU!  NOT YET!)
the thought exploded in Debbies brain.

		"Lace your fingers behind your head!"
		Debbie ordered.

She stepped behind Bea and backed up, admiring the full bottom.
Then stepped closer and reached around, grabbing the heavy breasts.

Robert had sat down facing Bea and smiled as he saw Debbie's
smiling face peeking over Bea's shoulder and her hands pulling at
Bea's nipples!!!  Debbie's hands slid down, and  she played with
the belly flesh, pinching and squeezing here and there.

Her hands then went to Bea's ass.  She kneaded them in opposite
directions.  There was little muscle in the fleshy globes and they
readily shook  like jello as Debbie playfully patted them.

		"You have a pretty fanny, don't you
		Bea-bee," Debbie leaned and whispered
		in Bea's ear as she continued to squeeze
		her bottom cheeks.

		"Yes, Mistress.  I have a pretty fanny."
		Bea humbly replied.


Debbie  gulped and tried to contain her excitement and enthusiasm
at being called "MISTRESS!!"

		"Well, bend over now.  I want to get
		a better look at it,"  Debbie ordered.

		"Yes, Mistress," Bea replied, and bent
		over  her legs still spread, and rested
		her palms on the floor.

She had to bend her knees a bit, but Debbie didn't mind!  She grabbed
a throw pillow from the couch and knelt down on it, inches away from 
the pure white spread bottom before her!

Debbie played with the cheeks and thought surely she would get  some
type of protest as she parted them and exposed the pucker of Bea's
anus.  But there was none!!

She remembered Robert's teasings and snaked her index finger forward 
and scratched at the little hole with her nail.  She smiled
as the pucker contracted and saw Bea's thigh muscles quiver.

		"Here......Let me help you,"  Robert said
		as he walked over and placing both of his
		hands on Bea's ass cheeks, pulled the
		wide open!!!

Robert not only pulled the cheeks wide open but up as well, exposing
the anal ring and the split peach of Bea's bald pussy lips to her gaze!

Debbie was drooling with excitement as her slender fingers busily
attacked both holes simultaneously!  She worked one index finger
into Bea's bottom  hole and started to twist and turn and probe in
and out.  The other was just tickling the outside of her slit!

Robert had trapped Bea's head between his legs and was leaning over
keeping the cheeks apart and watching the merciless teasings.  He
could feel Bea's desperate struggles as Debbie's fingers toyed with
anus and was now fingering the hanging pussy pouch in earnest!

		"You better stop  Debs," Robert smiled.  
		 "Bea-bee is ready for her spanking now."

Robert left the room and came back with a wooden kitchen chair.
Placing a folded up towel on the back he ordered Bea to bend over
the back, resting her tummy on the towel, and place her hands on
the chair seat.

		"Now keep your legs open and your hands
		on the seat.  Don't DARE lift them.....and
		NO CLENCHING!!  UNDERSTAND?!!"

		"Yes, Sir," Bea heavily whispered.

		"What's it gonna be, Debs?  Hands? Strap?
		  Maybe a little of each?" Robert inquired.

		"A little of each me thinks," Debbie chided,
		as she looked at Bea, breasts hanging and
		buttocks in the air, and pussy peeking
		through from behind.  A TRUE  SUB!

Suddenly Debbie ran from the room and came back with her gym
bag.  She reached in and donned her black hand ball gloves and
raised the small flat  sided racket in the air like a trophy!  The gloves
had no finger tips, being designed only to protect the palm of the hand.

	"SPLAT! SPLAT! the gloved hand descended on each
	cheek.  Her stroke was powerful and the cheeks jiggled
	and the breasts  swung on impact.  Debbie smiled.

	SPLAT!..........SPLAT!.........SPLAT!..........SPLAT!

	She  spaced the strokes five seconds  apart.

	CRACK! CRACK!   the new sound of the small paddle
	filled the room!

	CRACK!........CRACK!.......CRACK!.........CRACK!

	The paddle maintained the same rhythmic pace.

Debbie set the paddle down and with gloved hands stroked the pink
behind, sliding her fingers up and down the crack from  anus to
pussy lips and back again.  She poked at her anus, goosing her,
and took devious delight as Bea lunged forward with each poke.

She reached under and teased the clit, keeping her in a constant
state of arousal.

Bea squirmed with embarrassment and humiliation as this young girl
half her age fondled and spanked her!

	SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT!

	Hard and fast the hand hit, making the cheeks dance!

Robert held up his hand, and Debbie stopped.

		"Are you going to put some effort
		into your studies now, Bea-bee?"
		Robert sing-songed in a childs voice.

		"Yes Sir, I will study much harder!"
		Bea implored.

		"I don't think she means it, Debbie.
		Ten more  with the hands, ten with
		paddle, then ten with the strap!"

Debbie grinned and Bea sobbed.

		SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT! SPLAT!
		CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK!

Debbie alternated between hand and paddle for ten each.  Then picked
up the black leather belt.  Robert's belt.

		SLAP!     the belt whistled and wrapped  itself
		around both  cheeks.  Nine more times the black
		leather hissed through the air.

Bea was screaming, sobbing, pleading, begging!!

Finally Debbie stopped.  She  could not resist more probings and
fondlings of Bea's privates.  MY GAWD!  SHE WAS DRIPPING!!

Debbie stood at her side and squatted down and started to play and
tease Bea's big boobs.    Pulling the nipples, tweaking, pinching.

Robert helped Bea off the  chair and told her to lay face up on the rug.

She winced and "OOOOOed" and "AHHHHed" as her tender bottom
rubbed on the carpet.  Robert placed a pillow under her head.

		"Off  with the underwear, Debs.
		Reward time!"  Robert chimed.

Debbie somewhat nervously  stripped naked.

		"Now kneel over Bea-bee.  Put your cute
		little slit right on her mouth" Robert
		instructed.

(OHHHHHH!  Debbie thought.  How wicked!!)

Robert adjusted her properly, centering her very aroused sex right
on Bea's mouth.  He instructed Bea to lick.

She felt shock waves of pleasure as Bea's  tongue slid into her slit
and lick at her clit and love channel!  She was looking right between
Bea's open legs and  bald splayed pussy lips.  Her arms were getting
weak.

Robert knelt behind her.  She felt his hands on her ass.

		".........and now your promised reward"
		he said, as he parted her cheeks and licked
		at her ass hole!!

Besieged by the  two tongues, her arms collapsed in pleasure and
she  dove greedily between Bea's  legs.  She nibbled, licked and
teased the bald lips and felt Bea bucking and squirming.

Debbie breathed deeply through her nose,  and her body shook as
the   tongue in her   cunt teased her and the one in her anus drove
her mad!!!!!!!  When Bea reached up and squeezed her hanging nipples and  
Robert plunged his  tongue deeper......that was it!!!!

She shook with climax like a speared fish and made  soft little squeaks
and mews into Bea's pussy as she licked and probe with her own 
tongue.  Bea bucked and squirmed as well.

Audible low guttural moans filled the room in stereo as both women
squirmed deliciously with intense orgasm!

Robert went back to the couch and watched the two women roll
around, lost in their own pleasures.

He took out his black note book and opened  to  November.

		"How's the 10th for you Debs?"
		he asked like if nothing at all just happened!

		"Fine," Debbie whispered, not even looking
		at her schedule. Just laying on the rug.

		"Bea-bee..........You have chapters 10 and
		11 to review.    Better  do it right....or else.
		You stay with Debbie  tonight and all  day
		tomorrow and do EXACTLY what she
		says........UNDERSTAND!!!???"
		

		"Yes, Sir, EXACTLY what she says"
		Bea replied to the order.

		"Ok.......Well it's been fun, but I must
		be off.......have another "student"
		waiting," Robert smiled and left.

Debbie put on her bra and panties.  She thought it better that she be
at least partially clothed  while "her slave" remained naked.


		"Well Bea-bee, if you are going to stay in
		my house, I want to make sure you are
		potty trained.  Get into the bathroom!"
		Debbie ordered.


	    MY GAWD!  FUCK THE BOOKS!  I GOT MY OWN SLAVE
		      FOR THE NEXT 30 HOURS!
		 THIS!........IS GOING TO BE FUN!

		  Debbie gleefully imagined!!

		 Maybe Bea can work some Math
		 problems, using The Robert
		 Theorom of Distraction of course!
