CHANGING ROOM
by Anonymous

     The other day I went to a department store to buy some new clothes, it
turned out to be quite an afternoon!

     As I walked around through the mens deparment looking at the latest styles
I couldn't help but noticing two very good looking surfers also shopping for
clothes. One was about 19, 5' 11" very tan with very light sun bleached blonde
hair. My thoughts immediatly was I wonder if his pubes are that blonde too? The
other stud was around 20, maybe 5' 9" darker hair but sun bleached streaks
throughout. Both were very/very good looking and tanned.

     I went back to my shopping figuring I'll fantasize about these guys later.
I found a couple pairs of pants I liked and took them into the change room to
try them on. I entered a stall near the far end. There was no one else in the
change area. I sat down to untie my shoes and I heard voices approaching. I
thought nothing of it. These voices entered the stall across from mine. I heard
one say "Yeah, check these out" and "naw, I don't like those". then I heard
"fuck you man, are you crazy? what if someone caught us?"

     I then looked through the slots in the door on the stall to see what was
happening. It was those two surfer studs!

     The blonde said "come on there's no one in this store, it will be fun"
"you can say you've been sucked off in a public department store"

     Wow! my interest was up, as well as my cock! I quietly moved into position
so my door slots and their door slots matched and I could see all. I knew I was
about to be treated to a real show and I wanted to get it all. I slipped off my
pants (not wearing any underwear) and started stroking my cock in anticipation.

     The dark haired kid was nude from the waist down and the blonde was
kneeling down with his pants around his ankles pounding his meat as he sucked
off his buddy! This was too much! I started to really get into it, in rhythm
with these guys as they were too! I moved to get into a better position and my
knee hit the side of the stall making a noise.

     I heard one kid say "what the fuck was that?" They were looking in my
direction. I then stood up and said "please don't stop!" The blonde was
embarassed but the dark haired kid said "join us" I couldn't beleive it! I was
in their stall in a flash.

     I immediatly went for the blonde's cock which was hard about 7 1/2 inches,
balls hanging to his knees! Oh yes, he did have very light blonde pubes! I had
my nose buried in his crotch sucking like there was no tomorrow. The other kid
was working his tongue up my ass, this was too much! All of us totally forgot
where we were, but it didn't matter anyway. We change positions and I was
sucking on the other kids cock. He was well endowed, 8 1/2 inches and very
large around. I had to be very careful not to scrape him with my teeth. He
really knew how to enjoy being sucked off. He started to fuck my face to keep
the rythm going. Meantime the blonde was under me sucking me off!
     What a trip!!!

     I was in heaven! We all knew this couldn't go on forever we all startred
to get into some very heavy sucking until I said "I'm ready" the blonde said
"me too anytime" then the other kid said "I'm cummmmmming!" And he did! Fuck!
what a load! and what a fucking mess. Then I came just as the Blonde came.
There was cum from one end of that stall the other! We must have pumped a
fuckin gallon! The blonde was moaning very loud as he came and that scared me
some and made me realize where I was again. I said " I got to go " and went
back to my stall and got dressed.

     They did the same and we all split from the store not buying any clothes
but leaving very satisfied!

     I've seen these guys once since then and we are planning another get
together soon. That will be on a secluded beach. I think that may be another
story!
