Copyright © 1997, Aaron Angst.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.






"The Chance"

by Aaron Angst



	I suppose I was alot like most boys growing up. My first sexual arousal
came about when I had a crush on my mother. Not until I was older did I
realize that this was a perfectly normal feeling. Of course, having a mother
who was quite attractive helped the situation along considerably. The first
time I masturbated, I jerked off thinking about her. 
	As time passed, so did my fantasies about my mother, or so I thought. Mom
aged very well and at the age of 61, she was still a beauty. She was 22 when
she had me and time had been good to her. She was 5'5, weighed about 120
lbs. with medium length blond (dyed) hair. Her eyes were a deep, haunting
hazel color and could pierce right through you if she so desired. Her
breasts were medium in size, but still seemed pretty firm for a woman her
age. Her legs were slim, tanned and very sexy, probably the best feature she
had. 
	I hit my 20's and thoughts of having sex with mom were the furthest thing
from my mind. I had a relatively healthy sex life of my own, bedding a
number of women who were about my own age. I was quite happy, but something
kept telling me that there was a missing factor in my sex life. I found that
missing factor when I began working as an activities director in a senior
citizen center.
	I enjoyed my work. I had always had an affinity towards older people. For
some reason, I always got along with them. They seemed to enjoy my company
and I had some fun times with people twice as old as I was. After several
weeks on the job, I met a particularly pretty woman who was in her early
70's. She was quite spry for her age and longed for the companionship of
someone younger and more vibrant than the people around her. We hit it off
immediately. 
	I wouldn't call Doris a raving beauty, but she was attractive in her own
way. We became fast friends. I really hadn't thought about her sexually
until we had what I like to call a "defining sexual moment". 
	Now I was kind of in-between lovers at the time, and fairly horny (which I
was quite a bit anyway!). I had spent a couple of hours with Doris and we
were having a great time together. She asked if I would help her put up a
picture she had bought in he room. I went with her to her room and placed
the painting on the wall. I had inadvertantly dropped several nails on the
floor and, since I was standing on a chair, Doris bent down to pick them up.
When she did, I got a great view of her 70 year old tits. I had never seen
an old woman's tits before and I was very turned on. I got a hard on right
away and Doris, spry as she was, didn't miss a beat. She saw my hard on, one
thing led to another and we ended up in bed together having one terrific fuck.
	I would go into greater detail, but this story isn't about my fucking
Doris, so I will leave those details for another chapter. The point of
telling you about fucking Doris is that it turned me on to a whole new
sexual world and a brand new sexual pleasure....fucking older women. It also
brought back the fantasy of fucking my mother. In fact, when I had fucked
Doris, I had visions that she was my mother. I felt guilty, but I couldn't
help the feelings. Those feelings grew stronger as time passed.
	In the meantime, I had sex with several older women and each was extremely
pleasureable. Some men like young girls, but I was drawn to older women. I
was drawn to my mother.
	My dad passed away when I was 28. Mom dated for while and then she met a
man who was 12 years her senior. He was quite wealthy and mom would be set
for the rest of her life. He was nice and I got along with him well. They
had been married for 11 years and as far as I knew, they were happy. At
least Mom always said that she was. They lived in Florida and I went down to
spend a week with them this past winter. 
	I hadn't seen Mom in over a year and when I did, I was amazed at how good
she looked. Money does wonders for people. She was tanned, fit and as
beautiful as ever. I knew that if I ever had the chance to fuck her, I would
in a heartbeat. I never thought I would get that chance, though and fucking
her remained a fantasy.
	Ted, my stepfather, loved to play golf and played nearly every other day
since he retired. He went out, as usual, for his regular Wednesday golf
game. I had planned to meet a friend who had moved to Florida several years
ago and who I hadn't seen since he moved. I told Mom I would be gone most of
the day. She kissed me goodbye, and I took off in my rented car. When I
arrived at my friend's house, there was a note on the door apologizing for
his absence, but that he was called away on an emergency and would call me
at Mom's house later that evening. I shrugged my shoulders and decided to go
back to Mom's, get my golf clubs, and go out and play a round of golf.
	I pulled into the driveway at Mom's and saw a van parked there. "Harvey's
Florists" read the sign on the van. I parked the car and headed for the
house. I had a set of keys so that I could come and go as I pleased while I
was there. I heard music coming from the house. I opened the door and got
the shock of my life. It seemed that "Harvey" was delivering more than
flowers! There was my mother, flat on her back in the middle of the living
room, getting fucked by this guy who wasn't much older than I was. 
	My jaw dropped to my feet and I stood there in disbelief. Mom had her dress
hiked all the way up and one tit was hanging out, nipple brown and hard.
"Harvey" had no pants on, his hairy ass pointed right at me and his dick was
deep in Mom's pussy. Mom screamed when she saw me and "Harvey" jumped up
immediately, his dick hard and wet with my mother's pussy.
	"Oh, GOD!" Mom screamed. She pushed Harvey away and slid down her dress,
but not before I caught a good glimpse of her sweet cunt. She slung her tit
back inside of her dress. Harvey grabbed his pants, slipped them on and
muttered something like, "I'd better go." He slithered out past me through
the door, ran to his van and drove off. I was still in shock as mom gathered
herself together, unable to look me in the face. I felt as if our roles had
been reversed. I was now the father, and she the bad little girl. She got
up, turned towards the bedroom. As she walked away she said, "I'll be back
in a few minutes." She disappeared into the hallway.
	My mind was racing thinking about what I had just seen. I was very aroused
at having seen my mother getting fucked there on the floor. I hadn't seen
her nude since I was a kid. My mind wandered back to my childhood and I
recalled with a smile how I used to try and peep through her door to watch
her get undressed. I masturbated many times thinking about screwing my
mother. Now it was almost 30 years later, and I realized that I still wanted
to fuck her. My brain returned to the moment as I spotted something pink and
silky peeking out from beneath the couch. I knelt down and pulled out mom's
panties. They were wet. I touched them to my face and sniffed. Her scent was
intoxicating. My mother's fresh, wet pussy. My cock hardened as I clasped
her panties tightly.
	I heard the water running and knew that she was showering off the smell of
"Harvey". I held her panties as i waited for her, not really knowing what to
say or do. I would play it by ear. I had 2 cigarettes waiting for her to
return. I knew it would be hard for her to face me, but it was inevitable. I
heard her door open. Mom walked into the room smelling fresh and clean. She
had on a white blouse and a pair of tan shorts which showed off her
beautiful legs. Now if you didn't know how old she was, I swear she could
have passed for 50. She sat down across from me, lit up a cigarette and
began to apologize.
	"Don't, Mom," I interrupted her. "There's no need to apologize." She smiled
for the first time. Then I could see tears begin to well up in her eyes. "I
want to explain to you why," she replied. Mom went into a long explanation
of how she loved Ted very much but that the hadn't had sex in a very long
time and that she still had a sex drive and that she would never want to
hurt ted and on and on. "Honey," she pleaded, "Whatever you do, PLEASE don't
ever say a word to him about this. I'll do anything for you if you won't say
anything."
	When she said that last sentence my mind began to work in overdrive.
Although I had no intention of ever saying a word to Ted, I realized that
this was my chance....probably my last chance to ever fuck my mother. I
worked up the courage to say something. To make that first move on her. I
was nervous as hell. "Really, Mom? ANYTHING?" I laughed, she laughed. 
	"Well, uh, yes, Honey....anything." I'm sure she couldn't imagine that I
would ask for something that was so outrageous that she would have to refuse me.
	"I know what I'd like from you, Mom." My heart was pounding in my chest.
	She cocked her head to the side as she inquired, "What is it?"
	"I want you to sleep with me." There! I said it! Now nothing could ever
take it back. No matter what happened, at least I knew that SHE knew that I
wanted to make love with her. I almost didn't even care if she refused me at
that point. I was proud of my courage.
	Mom took a deep breath, gave me a strange look and laughed nervously.
	"You want me to sleep with you????" she asked, almost as if she wanted to
be sure that was what I said.
	"Yes, Mom. I want to sleep with you. I always have. Seeing you just now
only made me want it more than ever before. I saw that guy on top of you and
I was jealous. I wanted it to be me." I was extremely nervous as I spoke,
but once I began I kept on talking. Mom was totally enchanted by my
conversation.
	"But, " she interrupted, "First of all, I'm your Mother, for God's sake!
Secondly, what would you want with an old gal like me?" She waited for a
reply. I was ready.
	"Mom, just because you are my mother doesn't necessarily mean that we
shouldn't have sex. I mean, lots of societies practice incest on a regular
basis. I don't know how you feel about it, but I think that us having sex
would be the ultimate expression of our love for each other. I mean, you DO
love me, don't you?" I smiled with my best little boy face.
	"Well, of course I love you, Honey."
	"Well, I love you, too, Mom. Now, as for an old gal like you, I don't
really think of you as old, but I'm attracted to older women, anyway." I
began to tell her about the affair I had with Doris and several other women
who were older than mom. She was quite impressed. I had managed to assuage
every fear and opposition she had brought up in response to my erotic
request. I knew she still had some doubts and understandably so. the time
for words, though, was over. It was time to act.
	I stood up and walked towards mom. My dick was solid as a rock and I knew
she could see my hard on. She made no attempt to move back as I approached
her. She looked so beautiful in her shorts and blouse. I put my arms on her
shoulders and gently held them. She said nothing. I looked her in the eyes.
"I love you, Mom," I whispered. Then, I put my lips on hers and kissed her.
It was a short, gentle kiss and I pulled away. Mom sighed very deeply,
whispering back to me, "I love you too, Honey." I kissed her once again.
This time, it was a much deeper kiss. It became instantly full of passion
and intensity. Our lips locked, my arms extended around her. I pulled her
closer to me. I could feel her breasts pushing against my punding chest. I
slipped my tongue into mom's mouth and she easily allowed me in. I sighed.
Mom sighed. We kissed harder, deeper. Our tongues danced around each other's
in a lover's tango. I rubbed her back with my hand as we kissed. Mom threw
her arms around me and held me tightly, never wanting to let me go. My hands
slipped down her back, still kissing passionately.
	If one has never kissed their mother as a lover, than it would be hard to
explain the feelings which raced through my body at that moment. Suffice it
to say that our first real kiss was the most pleasureable, most memorable
kiss of my life. I think she felt the same way. 
	We held each other and reluctantly released our lips from each other in
order to catch a breath. Both our hearts were racing. I held Mom by her
shoulders. Our faces were just inches apart.
	"Mom, I want you to know that i would never tell Ted about what happened
before....or right now, for that matter! I don't want you to do this because
you think I will keep quiet if you do. I want you to want to sleep with me."
	Mom ran her fingers lovingly across my cheek as she spoke. "I, well, I um,
I just don't know, sweetheart. I mean, I think that it is wrong for a mother
and son to have sex. At least I've always believed it to be so, but my body
tells me differently. When you kissed me, I began to see you in a whole
different light. I won't stand here and lie to you and tell you that I never
thought about it, because I have." She began to relax as she started to
relate a story about when I was younger. As she went on, we relaxed, sat
back and both lit up a cigarette. Sex would have to wait for a little bit.
	She told me how, when I was about 16, she walked by my room one day and
glanced in. The door was slightly ajar. She said that she had come home a
little early and that I was the only one in the house. I didn't even know
she had come in. "You mean, kind of like with "Harvey", huh, Mom?" we both
laughed. "Yeah!, Kind of." Anyway, I was in my room and she saw a couple of
porno magazines lying on my bed. Then she saw me walk over to the bed. I was
nude and my cock was hard and straight. I sat down with my back to the door,
but she could just make out my hand on my cock as I jerked off. She watched
me intently, never letting on that she had seen me.
	"I got very turned on by that. In fact, when your father and I went to bed
that night, we had sex and I imagined that it was you and not him. I felt
very guilty about it for awhile, but found that I would have those fantasies
again and again." She lovingly brushed her hand across my cheek again. I
melted. She continued, "Son, I really don't know if this is the right thing
to do or whether this will work out, but I guess it's too late to turn back
now, isn't it?" She sighed, stood up, reached for my hand. I grasped her
outstretched hand as she led me to my bedroom. My heart was racing with
thoughts of what was about to take place.
	"I must be crazy for doing this, but deep down inside I really want to."
"Me too, Mom. Me, too." We walked silently, holding hands, to the bedroom. I
was both nervous and excited. On the one hand, I couldn't wait to fuck my
mother, but on the other, I was nervous about how I would perform for her. I
wanted to please her in the worst way. I wanted to do everything right for
her and show her how I could love her. I wasn't quite sure who was going to
take charge, but I figured I might as well play things by ear and see what
happened.
	We got into the bedroom, which was rather large and comfortable. Mom walked
over to the window and closed the hanging curtains. The room darkened
immediately, but there was enough light to see what was going on. After all,
I wanted to see my mom's beautiful body while I made love to her, and i
wanted her to see mine, too. Whispering in a sweet tone of voice, she told
me to sit down on the bed. I sat on the foot of the bed, she stood a few
feet away from me. She placed her hands on her hips, as if she were about to
lecture me.
	"So, my little man wants to have sex with his Mommy, huh?" She smiled
broadly. I shook my head in agreement. I thought that perhaps she had wanted
me to play the litlle boy role and that was fine with me. I gave her that
little devilish look that I always knew she enjoyed. She always used to tell
me that she found it hard to resist giving me what I had wanted (toys, etc.)
when I flashed that look at her. She reached behind her with her hands and
began to fidddle with her bra strap beneath her shirt. 
	"Can I help you, Mommy?" I asked. "Would you, darling?" Before I could get
up she had turned around and moved toward me so that I could undo the strap
without getting up. I slipped my hands beneath her blouse and felt the soft,
but aged skin I had craved to touch for so long. Mom sighed as my warm hand
met her warm skin. I unclasped her bra and the straps fell to the side.
"Scratch my back, Honey, please." I scratched her back for her. She arched
forward as I scratched. "Ooooh, that feels good!" she sighed. She moved away
after a few moments, turned round again while she slipped her hands beneath
her blouse and wriggled out of her bra. The bra fell to the floor. My mom's
perfect tits were free and waiting for me beneath her blouse. 
	She came to me, reached out her arms as I stood up, clasping her hands.
Nothing was said. I was burning with passion. I put my hands around her
waist and drew her to me. Our eyes locked, Our lips met. We kissed as
passionate lovers once more. As we embraced, my hands slipped beneath Mom's
blouse as they weaved a path to her waiting breasts. I cupped a hand over
her breast slowly and carefully. I wanted to enjoy totally that first touch
of Mom's warm, succulent tit. It was everything i had imagined it to
be....and more. I twirled my fingers around her nipple. It was hard and
quite extended. Mom twitched as I touched her nipple. She let out a soft,
erotic moan as I did. We began to kiss more desperately as I felt her tit.
First one, then the other. The passion was fast overtaking us both. I held
on to her breasts as we fell softly and purposefully to the waiting bed.
	Once on the bed, we continued kissing, touching, embracing. I slipped my
leg between Mom's and rubbed my knee up against her pussy. We were at once
perfect lovers. I felt that whatever we did or tried would be perfect. Sex
for the first time with someone is always wonderful, but when you are
fucking your own mother you must multiply the pleasure ten-fold.
	No words were needed as we explored our bodies in a new and wonderful way.
I thought to myself how wonderful this was...my mother....my lover. In
between hugging, touching and kissing we managed to wriggle our clothes off
little by little. I throughly enjoyed each new vision of my mother's naked
body. First, her blouse came off and I saw those wonderful tits. Those tits
I had longed to suck on and fondle for so long. They were perfect tits! Mom
had such big, hard, brown nipples. I sucked on one, then the other. She
cradled me in her arms as I sucked her, coddling me, brushing my hair with
her tender hand. I felt like a child again, suckling on my mother's breast,
only this time I had an incredible hard on and I knew that soon I would be
fucking this wonderful woman.
	"Ummmm," she softly sighed as I sucked away like a madman on her sweet tit,
"You sure know how to arouse your old mother, darling!" I sucked harder,
wilder. I could have easily lost control of myself, and often that
afternoon, I did, but I tried like hell to keep my composure. It was
hard...and so was my dick. 
	Mom lifted my shirt over my head and rubbed my chest. She felt my nipples
and flicked her fingers over them. I touched her tender body with my fingers
as I found my way down her stomach to her shorts. She lay back as i undid
the difficult button. Difficult because my hands were shaking with
excitement. Mom lifted her legs as I slid off her shorts. She was down to
her panites now. I gazed at her beautiful legs, following them from her
ankles to her panties. i touched her thigh as she lay there, allowing me to
do as I pleased. I looked up to her satisfied face and spoke softly, "Mom,
you're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen." She laughed, knowing that I
really didn't believe that, but I really did.
	I could see Mom's hairy pussy hiding behind her off-white, silk panties,
which were wet with desire for her son. "Take my panties off, baby. Take
Mommy's panties off." I did so. First, I clasped my hands around her ass and
squeezed. Her ass felt so good in my hands. Mom had a pretty nice looking
ass for a woman her age. She had very little cellulite anywhere. I admired
her body as I slowly grasped the edges of her panties. I wanted to savor
every single second now. I wanted Mom's pussy to reveal itself slowly as I
slid off those wet panties. Mom was watching me, but i was focused on her
sweet cunt. Finally, they slipped off. I saw Mom's wonderfully hairy cunt up
close and personal. I could see the sweet pinkness of her hole and her clit.
Oh, her clit! It was big, red and totally sexy. I stared at her for several
seconds. Mom watched and waited.
	"Can i touch your pussy, mommy?" I asked her, that devilish grin returning
to my face. I was her little boy again and I enjoyed the role. She obviously
did, too, for she played right along. it was very erotic for both of us. 
	"Have you been a good boy, son? You know, Mommy's pussy wants you to touch
it, but you must be a good boy to do so."
	"Oh, yes, Mommy. I've been very good! Can I touch it now? Please?"
	"well, all right then. Go ahead. But you be careful now, do you hear? I'm
going to sit back and watch you because Mommy has to keep an eye on you."
She lay back, head propped up on a pillow as she spread her legs, drawing
them up around her knees. her pussy was spread for me. Wet and pink, momm's
pussy waited for my touch. I licked my lips as my fingers headed for the
ultimate prize. My cock was aching. I still had on my underwear, but I was
intent upon my current goal. Too invloved to worry about my cock.
	I touched her wetness with one finger. I rubbed her clit and she moaned,
breathing deeply as i did. "Like this, Mommy? Am I doing it right?" I asked.
"Yes. yes," she sputtered out. "Rub it harder, baby. Rub Mommy's pussy
harder and faster." I rubbed, touched and stared lovingly at my mother's
hot, wet, wonderful cunt. I positioned myself between her gorgeous legs, the
bottom half of my body off of the bed. Mom groaned as I begin to finger her
more intently. First one finger then two entered her precious cunt. Mom was
moaning deeply now and I knew she was about to cum. I couldn't believe that
I was about to make my mother cum! It was an incredible feeling. 
	As she started breathing deeper and getting ready to cum, she grasped my
head with her two hands and pulled me to her cunt. My face was right there
on her pussy as my tongue began to explore my mother for the first time. I
licked her sweet clit and danced over it in perfect rhythm to the beat of
her yearning body. Mom arched her body up as I licked her clit and had the
most wonderful orgasm. I flicked my tongue inside her pink pussy and Mom let
out a huge sigh as she came. I could taste Mom's erotic cum. "I finally made
ot to heaven," I thought silently to myself.
	I kept licking Mom's cunt for a few minutes, but then she pushed me away.
"Whhhheeew! Let Mommy catch her breath, Darling!" she groaned lovingly.
"Come. Come lay next to Mommy here, my sweet baby. And take those pants
off." she motioned to my wet underwear.
	She watched me slip down my underwear and saw my cock for the first time in
many years. "Oh, my!", she cooed, "That looks sooooooooo nice!" she smiled
as she stared at my hard cock. "It's all yours, Mommy." I whimpered as I
slipped up next to her on the bed. We cuddled together as Mom felt the
hardness of my cock pressed against her body. Mom turned to me, looked at me
with such love in her eyes that I nearly cried with the passion I was
feeling at that moment, then she said, "You know, I have been waiting for
this for so very long. I really do want to make love with you, my sweet
angel." "Oh, Mom!" I sighed deeply. "You can't imagine how much I love you
at this moment. I want to be so deep inside of you that I become a part of you."
	"Oh, God, Baby! You make me so damn crazy!" She wrapped her arms around me
and hugged me so tightly. We kissed. It was a mad, wild, passionate kiss.
Deep and erotic. I was totally in love with my Mother and she with me. She
reached her hand down, rubbing my body as she traveled down my torso until
she reached my throbbing cock. She clasped her hand around the shaft and
slid her loving fingers up and down. She drove me wild! She reached down,
grabbed my balls and held them. At that moment, I don't think I would have
cared much if she squeezed them as tightly as she could, because this was my
mother holding my balls and she could do whatever she wanted. "You've got a
wonderful cock, darling," she spoke softly into my ear as she continued to
jerk me off. "I want you inside of me."
	She withdrew her hand as I slid atop of her. My arms braced my body as I
lay over her. I was about to put my cock inside her when she stopped me.
"Let me do it." She asked. She grasped my cock with knowing fingers and
guided the head of my rod over her clit. she rubbed my cock over her clit
rhythmically. She wriggled around as she did, moaning, sighing, calling out
my name. Her breathing got faster as she came with enormous pleasure. She
let out a deep sigh as she proceeded to slip my cock inside of her.
	That first sensation of my cock slipping into my mother's creamy cunt is
one I shall never forget. I'd waited a lifetime to fuck my mother and now I
was actually doing it. The countless times I had jerked off to visions of
this moment. The many nights I lay awake over the years thinking of what
pleasure it would be to make love to my mother. It was all happening now. 
	I thust my cock deep inside her. I could feel the warm wetness of her cunt,
wrapping around my throbbing member. Mom began to quiver as i fucked her.
She moaned deeper and deeper with each new thrust. we were lovers made for
one another. I didn't want to keep my eyes close as we fucked, I wanted to
watch her every movement. I wanted to watch her beautiful tits flop back and
forth as we fucked. I wanted to watch her face fill with pleasure as I made
her cum. I slipped my hands beneath her and grabbed hold of her ass as i
lunged back and forth within her. I was beyond passion. "Mommy! Mommy! " I
called out. "Yes, baby! YES!" she managed to reply. Our fucking went on. We
were totally encapsulated, totally in love. I couldn't keep myself from
cumming very long, and Mom realized this so she wasn't at all displeased
when I got ready to explode.
	"It's okay, baby! Cum inside your mother! I want to feel you inside of me."
she nearly pleaded with me. With that I let it go. I exploded within her
every drop of cum in my body. It was the most incredible orgasm I've ever
had. I was shaking when i finished and collapsed over my waiting mother. She
wrapped her arms around me and held me tight, keeping my cock inside her.
"oohhhh," she moaned, "My baby! My wonderful little man!" She held me,
caressing me tenderly. Holding one another, we rolled over, my cock still
inside my mother. We lay there, emotionally and physically spent. Mom ran
her fingers through my hair while I lay my head against her wonderful tit.
"You know what, honey?" She said softly to me. "What, Mom." "You're a pretty
good fuck!"
	
	
	
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....

	


