
                              A Fuck for Charity
                               (another sequel)
                               by Chris Johnson

     I arrived at the "Fuck for Charity" wearing the required black tie, a
black, satin bathrobe and matching slippers. While still on the front step I
dropped the robe (providing a little neighborhood gossip for the snoops), I
stepped out of my slippers, and the beauty who greeted me at the door took
both my robe and slippers.  Without my wallet, I had no cash for a tip, so I
asked her if she would accept another form of gratuity.  She flashed a naughty
smile and said, "Sure," so I planted a deep, passionate wet kiss on her lips
on which she was wearing a flaming red lipstick.  Then she left momentarily to
put my robe and slippers with the others' wraps.

     Only about a half-dozen others had arrived before me, and they had not
yet gotten into the "swing" of things.  One attractive couple--who looked like
they were in their mid-thirties--was sitting in front of a raging fire in the
fireplace, sipping drinks and occasionally chatting with each other.  A blonde
woman, who looked to be about forty years old and very sexy, was sitting on
the sofa in sparkling blue heels, nursing a drink and talking to a brunette,
sitting in an adjacent chair, who looked like she was about thirty.  The
brunette was wearing flamingo pink heels and a pink bow in her long, thick
hair.

     Sitting alone was a very young, plump brunette who had an angelic face.
Something about her generous, fleshy curves and her innocent face made her
quite alluring.  An older and very distinguished man, with dark hair frosted
at the edges with a bit of gray stood nearby with a drink in his hand and an
eager look on his face, which was confirmed by the hardness of his cock which
was about eight inches long.  His hard-on made me conscious of but comfortable
with the seven inch rod which stuck out in front of me like a compass needle.

       Another couple was filing in behind me, so I made my way over to the
bar.  The bartender was a young handsome guy, and he was also sporting only a
black necktie and an unembarrassed hard-on.  I ordered a whiskey-sour which he
quickly mixed and handed to me with a party napkin emblazoned with an erotic
drawing of a dozen people engaging in a wild orgy.  The cartoon was captioned,
"Fuck for Charity, 1991." I instantly wondered where such a risque napkin
could have been purchased.  As I started to walk away from the bar, the
bartender asked, "You mean you only tip the ladies?"

     I was somewhat taken aback as I had never before received a same-sex
proposition, but the proposition also sent a shiver of excitement tingling up
my spine.  I didn't know what to say since I didn't consider myself gay, or
even bisexual, and had not contemplated that I might be propositioned by
another man at the party.

     My bewilderment must have shown on my face because he then said, "Oh,
come on, I'm only asking for a kiss, not a blowjob."

     I thought, "What the hell?" and, without saying a word, I took a gulp of
my whiskey sour (which was thankfully pretty strong), and I leaned over and
kissed him just like I had kissed the woman who took my robe.  The feeling of
his tongue exploring my mouth, the feeling of his manly face against mine and
the knowledge that the tongue and the cheek belonged to another man produced a
warm electrical wave that passed through my body, from head to toe.

     He stood back and smiled at me and said, "Now see, that wasn't so bad,
was it?"

     "It was different," I said awkwardly.  I was actually thinking that it
was quite erotic, but I couldn't admit to myself that I was sexually attracted
to another man.  The thought violated everything I was ever taught and
believed. Ironically, I didn't stop to consider that a "Fuck for Charity" also
violated everything I was taught in my midwestern upbringing.

     "I'll collect on the blowjob later," he said, grinning devilishly at me.

     I smiled back at him, but I said nothing.  I noticed next to the bar a
long table on which were spread a number of sex toys.  There were vibrators
and dildos of all shapes, sizes and varieties.  There were lotions, oils, body
glitters, cock rings, silk scarves, and a couple of other items which I didn't
recognize.

     When I turned around I saw that several more guests had arrived and
several were standing at the door to come in.  The couple which had been
sipping drinks by the fireplace approached me and said "Hi."

     "Hi," I said.  As I began to introduce myself, the woman cut me off.

     "Don't tell us your name," she said.  "We won't tell you ours either.
Let's see if we can figure out who you are and if you can figure out who we
are."

     "That sounds interesting.  So, give me a hint."

     "That's not what we had in mind, exactly," she grinned. She then grabbed
my wrist and led me into the next room and her man followed us.  In the next
room, the floor was covered with pillows and soft lights around the room made
it glow dimly. Another couple was already in the room, a gorgeous red-head
lying on her back with her mate slurping the pink gash between her legs.  As
we got closer I realized that it was another woman, with shortly cropped black
hair, who was giving the red-head a thorough tongue-lashing.

     My female guide led me to the middle of the room where she turned around
and put one arm around me and one around her lover.  She then planted a wet
kiss on my mouth, and he started kissing her neck.  We fell to the floor and
she turned to kiss her lover.  I started kissing her neck and made my way down
to her tits which were perfectly round with half-dollar size nipples.  I
sucked on her nipple, flicking it with my tongue and in no time she was
moaning and her lover had joined in on her other tit.  She lightly scraped her
long nails up my back which really turned me on.  She lay back and kicked off
her black heels.

     I felt her hand on my shoulder, and I interpreted that as a signal to
move lower.  I descended toward her neatly trimmed bush, but I stopped to
hover at her navel, to which I briefly made love with my tongue.  I then
plunged toward the source of the musky female odor which emanated from between
her milky white thighs, where I found carefully shaven pink, fleshy petals.  I
stopped to admire her carefully groomed pussy in the dim light before pouncing
on her with my eager mouth.  She smelled divine and tasted even better.  I
gently carressed her engorged folds of flesh with my tongue, and I drank in
the wetness of her cunt.  Her lover continued to tend to her tits, gently
tugging and squeezing one nipple while he licked and sucked the other.

     As I continued to flog her pussy with my tongue, I felt a pair of hands
begin to massage my back and my ass.  The petite hands poured warm oil on my
back and legs and began to spread it around with circular motions.  The hands
were experienced and talented, making me forget momentarily about the pussy in
my face.  My female lover gently reminded me of the task at hand by placing
her hands on the back of my head and sweetly smothering me by wrapping her
legs around my head.

     The woman soon started to lift her ass, which I grabbed in my hands as I
continued, now sucking furiously on her clit.   She arched her back so I
sucked her clit while flicking it with my tongue and I shook my head for
maximum effect.  She was moaning loudly and writhing on the bed.  I managed to
keep my mouth firmly positioned on her pussy as she squirmed on the pillows
and those hands followed me, massaging as I licked the nameless female to an
unbelievable orgasm.  As she came, her pussy became soaking wet and I tried to
lap up all the juices.

     She relaxed, lowering her back and ass onto the pillows. I started to
raise my head from between her legs, but she said, "No, more."  So I continued
to lick her and the hands left my back.  As I continued to lick her pussy I
regretted that I had not seen the person to whom the hands belonged. But in no
time, the hands were once again on my shoulders as my masseuse straddled me,
seating herself on my ass.

     She then stood up with her hands still on my shoulders, and started to
lay her own well-oiled body against me. Suddenly, I realized that my masseuse
was no masseuse at all--it was a masseur!  I could feel the flatness of his
smooth chest against my back and his hard dick cradled between my buns.  I
continued licking the pussy in my face for a moment, wondering what I should
do.  I stopped to take a look at the man on top of me and was not very
surprised to find that my massuer was the bartender.

     I continued sucking on the pussy in my face, and the bartender leaned
forward and whispered in my ear, "I'm glad you are so obviously enjoying my
massage."  Once again, the lovely female whom I was enjoying was building
toward another orgasm.  She loudly moaned, "Somebody fuck me."  To my
surprise, the bartender volunteered and rolled off of me.  I crawled from
between her legs, and then I kissed her, letting her lick the sweet love
juices off of my face.  The bartender mounted her, smiled at me and said, "You
owe me for that massage, stud!"

     The overweight brunette whom I had noticed earlier seemed to appear from
nowhere.  She sat down next to me and without saying anything, started kissing
me, lapping up what was left of the love juices on my face.  The bartender and
the nameless woman continued fucking right next to us.  The woman's lover was
nowhere in the room, but getting laid somewhere I assumed.  I wrapped my arms
around the fat brunette who was kissing me, exploring her soft round body.
While she would not have looked too sexy in the perennially voguish bikinis
that make the beach so inviting, the feel of her fat body was inexplicably
exciting.  She rolled over on her back, pulling me atop her. I sucked on her
huge tits before I moved down to her lightly perfumed love canal, and once
again I was demonstrating to a total stranger my uncontrollable passion for
wet, musky vaginas.

     I sensed that she was nearing an orgasm, and she began to pull me away.
I looked up at her, and she begged me to fuck her.  She devoured my lips which
were drenched with her own juices, and she grabbed my cock--which by now was
on the verge of its own liquid eruption--and plunged it into her pussy as
though I were not moving fast enough.  I began fucking her at a slow pace, but
she immediately pleaded for me to "pound" her cunt.  After just a couple of
strokes, I felt the familiar feeling and I knew that I had reached the point
of no return.  My chubby partner was right with me, moaning louder than any
woman I had ever been with.  We both exploded in mutual orgasm.  Her pussy
pulsated, squeezing me like a milk maiden's hand.  She squeezed what felt like
a pint of cum out of my cock.

     As soon as she had finished cumming, she started kissing me, her tongue
darting in and out of my mouth.  Apparently we had attracted a few spectators
because we received a short round of applause.  That orgasm was among the most
memorable I'd ever had, and I told her so.  She kissed me hard and
passionately once more, promised to find me again before the night was over,
and then left to go find another "fuck for charity."  I fell back on the
pillows and to my right, the bartender and the nameless woman both let out
animalistic moans as they came together.  The sight of their entangled, naked
bodies brought my cock back to life.  I looked around the room and their were
several groups of two, three or more people indulging their wildest fantasies.

     I could only wonder what other magnificent episodes the night held in
store...
