Archive-name: Changes/charles.txt
Archive-author: Mistress Kay
Archive-title: Letter to Charlotte, A


INTRODUCTION

This  is  the  beginning  of a series of epidodes about poor
Charles who ultimately loses all his  male  attributes.   He
had  has  a  lifelong  interest  in feminine articles but is
insensitive to  his  wife's  needs  and  desire  for  family
stability.   Because  of  the stigma she feels may come from
his indiscretions, his wife  Paula  decides  to  remove  any
trace  of  Charles  and  to  create  Charlotte in his place.
Paula  does  this  with  my  help.   As   Charlotte's   real
development  takes  place  we  will  observe and enjoy "her"
dilema and complete forceful and humiliating  transformation
into  a  total piece of fluff with no other purposes in life
than to serve  the  furtherance  of  woman's  beauty  or  to
entertain  a  certain  kind of man. In each case "her" every
action is controlled by others and "her"  sole  role  is  to
serve for their pleasure. No vestige of Charles will be left
as it began nor will anything ever be the same again.

It all began with a letter Charles received on Friday  after
being  home  ill  for  a  week  with  an  undiagnosed  lower
abdominal disturbance.

NOTE:  I am indebted to Daisy Amberson for the initial theme
of episode # 1.


............................................................

                       March 31, 1989

Dear Charles:

I  had  a nice chat with your wife Paula, the other day.  We
both agreed that you need a new direction in  your  life  to
help  you  stop  playing  this silly role-swapping game. She
tells me that she has once again caught  you  attempting  to
wear  some  of  her  clothes.  It is obvious that you cannot
make up your mind what you are and how  you  should  behave.
Because  of  your  insensitivity  to  Paula's position it is
obvious that something must be done to  prevent  your  doing
irreparable  damage  to  her reputation and security.  Since
you obviously are  unwilling  to  take  her  situation  into
consideration we must take charge of your life for you.

We've  developed  a  plan  to  resolve  every aspect of your
weakness once and for  all.   Your  business  partners  have
already  been  notified that you won't be into work anymore.
They  received  your  letter  of  resignation   from   their
association  and  have  accepted  it  with regret but as you
requested they will not attempt to meet or talk you  out  of
your decision. Your share of the partnership, which amounted
to over $100,000 has already be forwarded to  Paula  as  you
"requested".   She  has  deposited  it in her new account as
well as  all  funds  from  your  joint  account.   You  will
therefore  be totally dependent on her good will and support
in order to live.  She in  turn  believes  that  living  off
someone  else is inappropriate and that working for a living
is good for the soul.

Therefore, new employment more suited to  your  nature,  has
already  been  arranged  and  will  begin as soon as you are
appropriately prepared for it.  The manager of  the  Sapphos
Beauty  Salon  has agreed to take you on as an apprentice in
their pedicure room.  The Manager has been  kind  enough  to
send over the new uniform you'll be required to wear.

Charlotte  is  how you will forever henceforth be known both
legally and by everyone you meet. I  know  you're  going  to
just  adore  the  uniform.  The cute little dress is all red
satin with a strapless low-cut bodice  and  a  sassy  little
full  skirt.   You'll  have  to wear several short crinoline
petticoats to make it flare  out  properly.   A  lacy  white
apron  will  highlight  your  new  tiny  waistline  ever  so
dramatically.  Of course, we were at first concerned that it
would  be  too  small at the waist for your figure, but with
the proper corsetting, we know you'll look exquisite even if
you  are very uncomfortable and restricted in your movements
by the severity  of  the  corset.   The  loveliest  pair  of
stockings  was  sent  along with the outfit.  Honey, they're
black and very sheer with a seam running all the way up  the
back  to the prettiest lace tops.  These will of course show
under your flared little skirt.  She's also sent  some  cute
little lacy anklettes to wear over them.

You're going to be just too sexy for words.  You'll just die
when you see the shoes you're to wear.  They're  red  patent
leather  and  have the highest heels I have ever seen.  They
must be at least 6" with open toes  and  the  most  delicate
ankle  straps.   I  can  just see you in them now, forced to
mince about the salon so carefully  to  keep  from  falling.
That  will  be  quite  difficult and tiring for your legs at
first because the base of the heels is smaller than a pencil
eraser.   You'll  have to learn to keep every muscle in your
buttocks, calves and ankles firmly in control just  to  even
walk.   However the conditioning that will cause as a result
of your being in such heels  for  10-12  hours  a  day  will
develop a gorgeous fanny and beautiful feminine leg lines.

Now, because this salon has a very exclusive clientele, it's
most  important,  dear,  that  you  not  embarrass   us   by
misbehaving.   To  insure  this, we have worked out a strict
morning regimen to be followed the rest of your life.  After
your morning exercize and walk, you'll get to eat.  However,
from now on there will be no more he-man  breakfasts.   Just
some  toast  and grapefruit perhaps.  A little juice will be
permitted, if only to help you swallow the  special  Estanil
vitamins your wife has acquired for you.  Then it will be up
to the dressing room where I'm afraid your wrists will  have
to  lashed to the lacing bar.  This is of course to restrict
your movement while you're being prepared for work each day.
You'll  be  drawn  up  on your tippytoes so we might lace in
your corset a few more inches than what you've been used  to
up  till now. I know that you will love the ultimate 19 inch
waist which they require.  For the first  six  months  until
the  Estanil  really  takes  effect, that dirty little thing
between your legs will have a nylon cord loop attached to it
and  this  will  be  drawn  up  between your legs and hooked
tightly to the back of your corset.  That way you will never
be   able   to   get   an   erection  and  expose  yourself.
Unfortunately, since it will  now  be  pulled  between  your
thighs, your walking will probably keep the end so irritated
you'll never be able to stop  some  feelings  from  entering
your  mind, but you'll not have to worry as there will be no
way to respond to them.

Of course your own lovely toes will be polished  and  buffed
whenever  the polish needs redoing. Since you'll never again
be allowed to have unpolished toes,  this  may  have  to  be
redone  weekly.   Since  they  adore  red as a part of their
basic Salon theme at the salon, you will use  the  brightest
and sexiest red colors at all times for your hands, toes and
lips.  You have so admired my gorgeous long nails  that  you
will  have  porcelain  nail  covers,  good  for  six months,
applied in 1 1/2 inch lengths as the very first action Paula
and I take. That will however make it almost impossibble for
you to do much without our early help.  In time, unless  you
wish  to  be severly punished, you'll learn to do everything
necessary despite the terribly long nails.

While you're suspended it will be much  easier  to  draw  up
your beautiful new stockings as well. Whenever polish has to
changed or redone, it probably means you'll be there  for  a
while  each  morning which will tend, over time, to elongate
and  narrow  your  waistline  as   the   muscles   re-adjust
permanently.   Of  course the special medication, especially
the Estanil, will also change the distribution of  body  fat
particularly  in  your  hips and abdomen.  I'm sure you want
the stockings to go on correctly with the seams as  straight
as  possible.   Next, you'll be buckled into your lovely new
open toe pumps and the little gold padlocks,  which  are  so
cute,  will  be  fastened  to  keep  them on all day.  Then,
before we go further, your  makeup  will  be  applied  while
you're  hanging  so  helplessly.   We feel the extra time in
that position is very important to your figure  development.
Special  care  will  have  to  be  taken with your lipstick,
eyeshadow, blusher, and false eyelashes so as  not  to  give
away your secret to the ladies you'll be servicing.

However, they will be most alluringly done as we want you to
be the source of admiration  and  for  them  to  have  great
desire  for you and your lovely mouth.  Some of these ladies
have a special appreciation for a pretty thing such  as  you
will certainly become.  It will be very difficult for you to
maintain  your  dignity  and  behave  yourself  unless   you
remember  that  Paula  and  the  Manager strongly believe in
corporal punishment for misbehavior.

Of course your admiration  for  Paula's  earrings  was  well
known  to us.  As a part of your initial preparation we will
have your ears double pierced  and  little  gold  stud  sets
placed  in  each  hole  in  both  ears.  The lower stud sets
however, have a loop at the bottom so we  will  be  able  to
fasten  those  very large very heavy dangly earrings in them
for nightime. You have such trashy tastes in  earrings  that
it seems we should make you wear those that will really draw
attention to you. Perhaps you'll learn the reason nice girls
don't advertise so blatantly.

We've  also  acquired  some  special ointment to smooth into
your little breasts.  Most certainly you are under developed
at  this  time.   The label claims that in less than 30 days
they'll  swell  out  to  be  so  soft  and  plump.   Paula's
gynecologist assures us that in combination with the Estanil
the desired effect will be easily achieved, unfortunately at
the   cost  of  every  aspect  of  your  current  disgusting
masculinity which will end forever.

To absolutely ensure  the  best  results,  however,  and  to
preclude any immodesty on your part for the next six months,
we've made the purchase of a very unique device.   It  looks
something  like the milking machines you see on a dairyfarm,
and essentially, that's what  it  is.   It  only  has  three
suction  lines  however.  The main one's purpose is obvious.
The other  two  have  hemispherical  attachments  that  will
attach  to  your  budding bosom and will greatly enhance the
effect of the special  ointment.   Its  pulsating  pump  and
light  electrical  stimulators,  will  not only beautify and
enlarge your sweet little breasts but  the  main  line  will
relentlessly drain you every morning of your nasty ungirlish
fluids. With the Estanil however, your little  nipples  will
become   as  tender  as  can  be.   Unfortunately  you  will
therefore be incredibly stimulated whenever you are  on  the
machine  and  you  will  know  almost  unbearble discomfort.
There is a fourth part to this unit which will  be  inserted
in your new "pussy" to stimulate you during the process both
for conditioning and  to  ensure  that  all  your  ungirlish
fluids  become available for draining. In time there will be
no further generation of such fluids because  all  parts  of
your body which do so now, will become useless and impotent.
However for the time being, that which is drained  from  you
will be replaced, through your new "pussy' by using Premarin
ointment.  You will thus become very  used  to  a  burst  of
squishy  fluid  gushing  into  your  body  orfice every day.
Under this regimen you will naturally become more  and  more
docile.   Your  body  shape  will change completely and will
resemble Paula's.  How perfect- You're going  to  look  just
scrumptious   and  become  so  incredibly  desireable.   Our
program will insure that you are molded  in  both  mind  and
body to better suit your new situation.

I  hope  your  new  clients  appreciate our efforts.  As you
kneel at their feet to remove their panties  and  stockings,
not  only,  need they not fear any misbehavior, but I'm sure
the sight of such plump little breasts  spilling  over  your
bodice will endear you to your customers.  You'll have to be
quite careful because this salon's  special  customers  just
love  to  tease  a  visible  nipple  and  yours  will  be so
sensitive  and  easily  responsive   to   painful   pinches.
Unfortunately,  your  new work uniform does little to shield
even your current tiny bust from such  attention.   As  your
bust grows they will not change your uniform. They just love
a very very busty look and as such you'll have to suffer the
consequences more and more every day.

Who knows, after polishing and buffing a customer's toenails
as they sit  before  you;  after  replacing  their  gossamer
nylons  and  exquisitely  high-heeled  sandals,  you  may be
rewarded with something more than a few dollars  as  a  tip.
If one day you feel a beautifully nailed hand on the nape of
your lovely neck forcing you forward toward  her  womanhood;
if  as  you  lap  at  the nectar-filled fountain between her
nylon encased thighs, you think of us with  a  heart  filled
with happiness and gratitude, we will have done our job.

Best  of  all  you  will begin to want and need the feel and
taste of a male organ. Soon that desire will  become  almost
uncontrollable  because  your  original sexual emotions will
have been totally replaced.  So that you may  properly  earn
additional  money  to  support  your  new clothes habits and
personal needs, I have arranged for a  very  special  escort
service  to  offer  your  services to that selected group of
very dominant men who love to have an expensive and stunning
looking   but  orally  satisfying  she-male  complete  their
evenings entertainment. As such you will be busy all day and
then for many evenings you will be learning about fulfilling
all the many demands that men place on  women.   I  am  sure
that  you  will develop many talented capabilities centering
around your mouth and ultimately your new "pussy".   In  all
of  these  cases,  however,  you  will  be in great physical
danger if you do not do exactly as your  "companion"  wishes
no  matter  how repulsive and disgusting it may seem. I will
think of you often over the coming  months  and  I  will  be
pleased at how helpful I have been to you and Paula.

Your loving sister:

Kay
.............................................................

The  panic  set  in as Charles realized he was trapped. Fear
flooded his mind and he began to shake. As he put  down  the
letter he began to feel nausious again and passed out little
realizing  that  his  wife  had  been  feeding  him  special
medicine all week..

                         TO BE CONTINUED
--
