The following fictional story is being reposted by Mr Double.  If you are the author of this story and would like to receive proper recognition (an Author's Page at my website), contact me at mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.





Subject: NEW STORY (Second Try): The Charmer, Part 1A 

                      THE CHARMER, PART IA

                               by 

                             RHYMER
     
     This is the story of how I discovered my special talent ten
sweet years ago, and how it's kept me in more pussy than I can
handle ever since.  First things first, so let's start at home...

     I went through puberty kinda late.  I was almost fourteen
before the surge of hormones hit, and suddenly I went from being a
slim androgynous kid who'd never even thought of sex to a lanky
adolescent with nothing else on my mind.  The changes were drastic:
my voice deepened and roughened, I got hair in the damnedest places
(especially down there), and my pecker doubled in size practically
overnight.  I got real interested in sports and it wasn't long
before I was developing some nice muscles, if I do say so myself. 
A glimpse of a nice-looking girl, any nice-looking girl, would get
my cock rock hard and send me running for the nearest bathroom to
jerk off.  And that's a problem when you're living at home with
three good-looking women.
     I knew I had to have sex soon or die trying, but I didn't know
what to do.  Then it hit me, like a bolt out of the blue!  I was
lying in bed, rubbing my dick idly and reading a tabloid for fun,
when I saw an article that set my heart racing ninety miles a
minute.  It was about a twelve year old kid somewhere in Europe
who'd managed to seduce four of his school teachers!  It never
would have come out, but the little stud had gotten them all
pregnant.  No shit, I'm not making this up.  All the teachers said
that the kid was a born charmer, and that they just couldn't say no
to him.
     This appealed to me outrageously.  I've always been popular;
everyone says I'm a real engaging character, the kind who can charm
the shirt right off your back.  I wondered if that was true... 
With my good looks and glib tongue, I've always been able to get
away with anything, especially with my family.  This set the ol'
wheels turning in my mind, and soon I had myself a Plan.  I had to
jack off twice in a row after that just to calm myself down so that
I could work out the details.
     It was a week or so before an opportunity to try things out
presented itself.  It was Saturday, and my folks decided to go out
to the Zoo in Fort Worth.  My oldest sister, 17 year old Tammy,
went with them; so did my seven year old brother Zack.  Diane acted
like she was bored to tears about the whole thing -- she had a book
she wanted to read -- and I had baseball practice that morning, so
I couldn't go.  I got home about 11 AM before it got really hot and
found Di curled up on the couch, reading some psychology thing.  I
was sweaty and hot, and the pool seemed like just the thing.  When
I suggested that Di join me, she said OK and went to slip into her
swimsuit.
     Di's three years older than me, and pretty adorable.  She has
the same black hair Mom and I share, and Dad's blue eyes.  I'd been
thinking a lot about her (and Tammy and Mom) since I'd suddenly
noticed girls were different a couple of months before.  She's tall
and willowy, not quite bony, with the nice, regular features
fashion photographers love.  She makes no special attempts to look
good, but does anyhow (she's since gone on to a successful career
in modeling).  Her figure is sort of boyish, practically straight
from shoulders to hips (think of a beefier Kate Moss), and her
breasts are kind of an afterthought, little more than baseball-
sized lumps under the loose tee-shirts she likes to wear.  But her
butt makes up for her lack of a buxom figure.  It's tight, and
round in all the right places, and the way her denim shorts like to
ride up her crack had given me plenty of good looks at the creamy
crescents of her ass-cheeks.  Just thinking about that sent me
running to my bedroom to jam on my fuckstick.  I'd need the control
later to pull off what I wanted to pull off anyhow.  Still, I was
kinda hoping she'd walk in on me and save me the trouble, but she
never did.
     She'd already been in and out of the water before I even got
there, and was lying in a lounge chair sopping wet, with her hair
slicked back.  She was wearing the powder-blue one-piece I liked so
much, the one that was cut practically to her butt-cleavage in the
back.  The water had rendered it semi-transparent, and I could see
the outline of her nipples through the fabric.
     " What took so long? "  she asked curiously.  
     I shrugged.  "Had to pee."
     "'Kay."  She picked up the book she'd been reading, and opened
it while I dove into the water.  I paddled around for a while, then
got out and lay down in my own lounge chair.  I struck up a
conversation, asking her about the book, and gradually maneuvered
the subject around to sports and school.  I told her I thought
school sucked, and didn't care if I never went back again.  She was
concerned: didn't I know I needed the education just to survive
today?  Nah, I said, I'd make it.  There was nothing there I
needed. 
     "Not even girls?" she teased.  I turned beet red and didn't
say anything (I'm a good actor, too).  She looked at me strangely. 
"Come to think of it, I've never heard you mention girls and you've
never had a girlfriend.  You do like girls, don't you?"  
     Damn, she was making my job easy for me!  I hadn't planned to
bring up girls for a while yet.  Of course I'd never had a
girlfriend before, I just got my pubes!  I just let my blush deepen
and said, "Uh, sure I like girls."
     She shrugged.  "Then why don't you get a girlfriend? School's
the best place to find them, you know."
     I lowered my head, and shot a glance at her cloth-covered
pubic mound. So beautiful!  I started to get hard, so I shifted a
little to make it not so obvious, and mumbled, "I just don't find
any of the girls there attractive."
     "You're kiddin' me.  There must be a thousand girls in your
high school, and a lot of them are babes!"  A teasing wheedle came
into her voice.  "C'mon, are you sure you like girls?  You're not
gay, are you?"
     "No way!"  I blurted.  "It's just that the only girls I want
are the ones I can't have."
     "Whaddaya mean? Which girls are those?"
     I mumbled something.  "Speak up, Jamey!"  she said, concerned.
     "I said,"  I exclaimed, "I'm only attracted to you and Tammy
and Mom!"  That wasn't too far from the truth.
     Di stood there, stunned, then: "Oh, Jamey, I'm so sorry.  But
that's wrong.  I mean, it's flattering, 'coz you're a really good-
looking guy, but it's wrong.  Maybe you should go see a shrink or
something."
     "The stuff I read said it was normal, to want your Mom and
sisters,"  I shot back.  "Sigmund Freud, you know?"  Of course she
did.  She was reading his book.  I lay back so she could my woody
tenting the front of my Speedo.  She gasped, looked away, then did
a double-take and looked back.  My cock was about 8 inches then
(it's grown since!) and I knew from reading Dad's porno mags that
that was enough to make any woman look twice.  I looked at her with
infinite sadness.  "It's all I think about."
     "I'm sorry, but it ain't gonna happen."  Her eyes had left my
cock, but she was still sneaking surreptitious glances downward as
she looked me in the face.  My prick twitched; it knew what she was
looking at!
     "Then it'll never happen, ever,"  I said dejectedly.  "I'll
never be with a girl, because I'll never meet a girl who holds a
candle to the beautiful women in my own family."  
   Di looked like she was going to cry.  "Oh, James, baby, no! It
would be a tragedy for a guy as good looking as you with such a
nice -- uh -- body to give up on love this early in life.  "  She
glanced again it my hard virgin cock, and I could hear a catch in
her breath as she said, "I could -- no, we're related.  I'm sorry. 
You'll just have to go on, give it up."  
     "I know," I said, and signed.  "But -- I don't know, I guess
I need a little help before I give up the dream.  I know I'm gonna
sound like a perverted little shit, but could I just see you nude?
Just once?"
     "What!"  
     "You're the one who brought up girls, y'know.  Otherwise you'd
never have know about my...problem.  It's not like I'm coming on to
you or anything.  This is my only fantasy, to see you nude once. 
I don't even want to touch you. Give a guy a break, huh?"  Then the
clincher: "What's it gonna harm, except my ego if you turn me
down?"
     She was always a softy, and that melted her.  Without a word,
she stood up lithely and slipped out of that one-piece.  My God,
she was gorgeous!  Her proud little breasts were like scoops of
vanilla ice cream topped with cherries; those cherries wrinkled and
stiffened in the breeze as I watched.  He puss was liberally
sprinkled with dark brown hair, and I could see a glimmer of wet
pink through her thatch.  Her body was firm and taut, corded with
muscle from her time on the swim team.
     "Turn around,"  I said softly, and she did.  There was that
fabulous ass, white as cream and just as delicious.  Her gluteus
muscles flexed as she stood on her toes, and I swore I could see a
thin line of liquid dripping down one thigh.  Just water, probably
-- but maybe I was turning her on.  I moaned, and Mr. Happy got
harder than ever.  Now the tip was peeking out of the top of my
Speedo, and was leaking a little.  Then she turned around and said
what I'd prayed she would: "Now you."
     I stood slowly, carefully, making sure she noted the condition
of my cock as I did.  Then I pulled the tight bathing suit off; my
cock sprang free and wobbled a little in the open air.  I stilled
it with one hand as she said, "Oh my God, that's unbelievable.  I
thought you were still a little kid!"  I smiled.  I was til just a
few months ago, then I got lucky in the genital lottery.  
     This was in the bag.  I sat slowly back down in the lounge,
and lay back, pushing my butt up a bit so that my cock strained
toward the sky in all its glory.  She stepped closer.  
     "Do you think I'm handsome, Di?" I asked her softly.  "In your
honest opinion."
     "I think you're beautiful," she said.  By now she was close
enough that I imagined that I could feel the heat radiating off her
cunt, which I now saw was wet with more than water!  I was sick
with excitement, but something at the core of me remained cool and
in control.
     "You are too.  We-we both are,"  I stammered, breathing
heavily as I sat up.  "Oh, Di, I love you so much!"  I burst out,
wrapping my arms around her pretty waist.  Then, without further
ado, I kissed her right on the snatch.  It took all my courage to
do it, but I did it.
     She gasped, started to jerked away, but the gasp turned into
a long drawn-out moan when I thrust my tongue up her slit, and then
she pressed my head into her with both hands.  She tasted funky, a
little salty, and just as delicious as anything I'd ever tasted. 
I don't care what anyone says, pussy is nature's most perfect food,
and that first taste was the best.  My trepidation disappeared like
ice cream on a hot day, and I started licking and sucking and
jabbing with my tongue, in my inexpert but effective way, like
pussy was about to go out of style.  We stood there, locked in that
awkward embrace, for a sweet eternity before she started to shake
all over and I heard her shout out my name: "Oh, JamEEEE!"  I guess
that was an orgasm.
     She almost collapsed there by the pool, but I caught her in
time.  "Did you like it?"  I asked uncertainly.  Her eyes widened. 
She didn't say anything, just grabbed me by the arm and dragged me
into the house to her bedroom.  Then she lay me down and the bed
and started licking my balls.  I was so hot I shot off immediately,
showering  her elfin face with come, before she even made it to my
prick!  I gasped and moaned, expecting that it was all over, but
she kept sucking and soon the ol' fuckstick was hard as ever.  She
paused long enough to breath.  "God, I can't believe we're doing
this.  I mean, you're my brother!"   She was rubbing her clit the
whole time, and so the last word came out as a moan.  "Ah, oh, it's
making me so hot.  I can't calm down."   Then she was away again. 
Di kept it up until I was as hard as I'd been since I'd first
disrobed, just a few short minutes ago.  Then my sister straddled
my waist, her back to me, and slowly impaled herself on my rigid
tool.
     I can't adequately describe the sensations of my first fuck. 
My cock was moving slowly into a tight, slippery tunnel that was
far too small for it.  I felt like it had a million sides that were
all feeding a multitude of stimuli to my balls, nipples, brain,
heart, top of my head and bottom of my feet.  She slid up and came
down, then reached back to find my hands and place them on her
titties.  She showed me how to knead them and tweak the hard little
nips, and I showed her what a good learner I was by picking it up
instantly.  She moaned as she slid up again, then back down; so did
I.  I knew I wasn't going to last long.
     "Oh James, oh JAMEY, oh little baby brother, ah God, shit,
you're not so little anymore, are you?"  She moaned as she moved up
and down over me.  I was beyond speech; I was probably just
drooling like an imbecile then.  Little stars were exploding in my
skull like firecrackers.  I was gonna come soon, even if Di didn't. 
     Another ten strokes, maybe, was all it took.  She screeched
like a triumphant cat (Geez, what would the Needemeyers next door
think?) and her pussyhole spasmed around my rod, flooding it with
cream.  She clamped around my cock so hard I'd have thought she'd
have squeezed it shut but fortunately that wasn't the case.  As I
exploded inside her, Di rolled away quickly, and managed to catch
the second blast in her mouth.  I passed out for a split second; I
came to to find her mouth still on my cock.  She proceeded to milk
me dry, squeezing and pulling my pud until the last bit of juice
was gone.  By then, I was moaning like a dying man, and I was
enveloped in a rosy glow; it felt like the time a few years before
when I was the hospital after I broke my leg, when the doc gave me
morphine.  I felt like I could move the world, only I couldn't move
a muscle.
     Di hovered above me and kissed me hotly.  I returned the favor
as best I could.  "That was great, little bro, the most intense
I've ever, ever had,"  she said when she came up for air.  
     "Can we do it again sometime?"  I croaked.
     "Do you think you'll ever recover?"  she teased, running a
finger around my left nipple.  I felt a faint twinge of lust in my
loins.  The she looked at me seriously.  "I -- it was great, but
I'm just not certain.  I mean, it could cause problems..."  she
looked away, then looked at my cock, which was still long and
limber and gleaming with our combined juices.  "Oh, hell, I have to
think.  And I need a shower, anyway."  With that, she was gone, and
I fell into a well-deserved sleep.
     I woke up just in time to take a shower myself and to retrieve
our discarded swimsuits, now the only evidence of our illicit
affair.  I was feeling chipper by now, and by the time the rest of
the family walked in the door I was starting to formulate the plan
for my next conquest: 17 year old Tammy.

 

The following fictional story is being reposted by Mr Double.  If you are the author of this story and would like to receive proper recognition (an Author's Page at my website), contact me at mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.




Subject: NEW STORY (Second Try): The Charmer, Part IB 

                      THE CHARMER, PART IB

                               by 

                             RHYMER

     After Diane, Tammy was easy.  A couple of days passed, and I
was starting to get real horny: Di hadn't overcome her misgivings
yet, despite several efforts to get her to fuck me again.  I lay my
broken-hearted boy act on thick, but she wouldn't give in.  I
hadn't really had much opportunity to really go to work on her,
though, because we hadn't had any time alone since The Day.  
     Horny and bored, I jumped at the chance to accompany Tammy to
the mall on a clothes-buying trip.  She was armed with Mom's
Mastercard, and had been given the mission to purchase a whole
year's school wardrobe for us both.  Tam's a redhead, kind of an
anomaly in our family, and I'd been speculating on whether her hair
was red everywhere.  I'd seen her naked once as she was coming out
of the shower, well before her nakedness meant anything to me, and
I knew what she looked like from behind:  all voluminous curves and
creamy, freckled skin.  I'd even caught a glimpse of a plump tit,
but I hadn't managed to see her snatch.  Since puberty ran me down
a few months ago, I'd jacked off to the image more than once.  
     Tammy's hardly fat, but she is voluptuous.  I was wondering
what it would be like to fuck a woman with some real meat on her
bones, something to hang onto, ya know?  And then there were those
big tits: one day a buddy of mine had shown me some pictures of a
guy running his dick between some girl's knockers, plowing them
like a cunt, and I'd almost come right in my pants.  I had to try
that myself!
     We spent part of the afternoon trying on clothing, and once I
caught her checking me out when I left a dressing room shirtless to
try on another selection.  My pecs and abs were really starting to
develop, and I've never had a problem with excess weight, then or
ever.  She modeled an endless selection of dresses, skirts,
blouses, and slacks, and I'm pretty sure she noticed the lump in my
pants when she tried on a particularly daring miniskirt that showed
off the bottom of her asscheeks.  She bought that one, though how
she thought she'd get it past Mom, I'll never know.  At the same
shop she also purchased a sheer white pullover that didn't hide a
damned thing.  If it weren't for her bra, I'd have gotten an eyeful
of tit right then and there.  I was sure to make a big deal about
how pretty she looked.
     A few stores later, I had her bring a pair of jeans to the
dressing room while I was still in my briefs.  I'd rubbed my cock
some to make it hard, so I doubt she missed noticing the way it was
poking out against the white cotton.  A few minutes later I had her
bring me another pair, and this time I caught her looking.  She
looked away quickly.
     I kept trying on pants.  No luck there; we moved on to the
next men's store.  Slacks this time.  This is where I'd make my
move, I thought.  After a couple of minutes in the dressing room,
I called her name.
     "What is it?"  she asked, a little irritated.  I'd kept her
running for the past hour, and I'd found only two pairs of pants I
liked enough to buy.
     I sighed.  "I, I have a problem,"  I said meekly, "and I don't
know what to do about it."  A put an edge of tears in my voice, and
made sure she heard it.
     "What's wrong?"
     "It's, uh, kind of a guy thing.  Embarrassing.  I can't come
out, so you'll have to come in."
     "Oh, OK."  She entered, and drew in a deep breath at what she
saw.
     I had my old pants up over my hips, but I couldn't fasten
them: my big engorged prick was in the way.  I'd deliberately
chosen to wear a pair of pants that was a couple of sizes small,
and of course I was canny enough to play-act a little too.  "I'm
caught, "  I wailed.
     She was staring at my cock.  Bingo!  "What do you mean,
caught?"
     "I, uh, can't get my pants back on!  I'm all swollen up."  I
acted a little scared.  " What's wrong with me, Tam?  It happens
all the time now!  I'm afraid I'm sick or something!" I screwed up
my face as if to cry.
     "Oh, you poor baby!"  She enfolded me in her arms and squeezed
my face into those pillowy tits (she was still quite a bit taller
than I).  "It's nothing to worry about.  You're just growing up." 
She squeezed me -- a little harder than necessary, maybe -- and I
could feel my erection grinding into her thigh.  It felt good.  She
pushed me away suddenly when she started to feel it to.
     "I still don't understand,"  I mumbled.  "What does growin' up
have to do with anything?"
     She laughed nervously.  "Well, um, your thing down there, it
isn't just for peeing, you know.  When you get old enough it starts
to grow, and kind of comes to life.  You can use it to make babies
now, too.  Haven't you learned about that in school?"
     I blushed.  "Sex education's not till next year."  Little did
she know!
     "And none of your buddies told you?"  
     I shook my head, embarrassed.  "How'm I supposed to make a
baby with that?"
     "Well, you stick it into a girl and shoot your seed into her
to make her pregnant,"  she said, a little flustered.  
     My hard-on strengthened and flexed, and I guess she saw that. 
"Huh.  Weird.  But why's it swollen up?"  I asked curiously.  
     "It has to be hard to go in a woman," she said, catching her
underlip in her teeth.  "Sometimes, when you think about doing it
with a girl, it'll get all hard."
     "But I wasn't thinking about anything!"  I protested.  "It
just did it all by itself."
     She looked at my cock, which was harder than ever.  "Uh, well,
did you see a girl you thought was cute, or something?"
     I turned bright red and swallowed hard.  "Yeah.  All day."
     "Who --"  she stopped short.  "You mean me?"  She looked a
little shocked and amused.  "You sure think big, little bro."
     I shrugged.  "Well, you are the cutest girl I know,"  I said
sweetly.
     I could practically see her melting.  "Oh, honey, you're so
sweet."  she licked her lips quickly.  "That's why your great big
thing is so hard.  Even if you're not really thinking about it,
subconsciously you think I'm pretty, and that makes your body all
ready to make a baby with me."
     I acted flustered and confused.  "B-but all I wanna do is get
my pants back on! How can I do that if my thing stays swollen?"
     "Guess you'll have to make it go down somehow,"  she smirked.
     "How?"
     "I've got an idea on that."  Then she reached out and caressed
my cock through the fabric of my shorts.  I groaned and hunched
forward so she could get a good feel. 
     "Oooh, that feels really good,"  I hissed.
     "My, you have grown,"  she murmured.  Then she leaned forward
and whispered fiercely, "Take off your pants."
     I did as I was told, and stood there for a long, glorious
minute as she ran her hands over my genitals, eyeing, rubbing and
cupping my balls and cock like she was measuring them for sale. 
Then, "Stand up on the seat.  You'll need to keep very, very
quiet."  I stepped up on the seat built into the back wall,
grinning widely, while she pulled up a nearby stool and sat down. 
This put my hard young cock on level with her pouty lips.  She
examined my turgid tool for a few seconds, moaning softly under her
breath, then sucked in half of it in one quick breath.  I stood
straight up, my head brushing a rafter. Lucky for me the dressing
room walls in this place went all the way to the ceiling.   
     Oh, Tammy was a good cocksucker, much better than lovely Di. 
She showed me seven kinds of heaven over the next couple minutes. 
Her basic technique was to deep-throat the whole length, then draw
slowly back, snaking her tongue back and forth over my cock's
underside; but she varied this with occasional licks and kisses and
nuzzles.  She proved to be an expert at easing a guy's "swelling." 
I started to try to hold back, to enjoy it as long as I could, but
then I remembered I was supposed to be brand new at this, so I just
let go in a stream that filled her mouth up.  She swallowed
greedily and took everything I could give her!  I groaned my
pleasure, but softly, softly.
     When it was done, she kissed my sweaty belly and whispered,
"My, that was a big load for a little boy."
     "I ain't little no more,"  I growled.
     She laughed.  "No, you aren't."
     I was able to get into my pants again.  "Thanks, Tam!  That
was fun! I like these two pair here, so I guess we can go home
now."
     She licked away an errant white speck.  "No way, baby.  We're
going to the lake so you can return the favor."
     "The lake?"  I said ingenuously.  'The lake' was a secluded
muddy pond where the local teens liked to hang out, as I knew very
well.  She just smiled.
     So we went to the lake next.  No one was there, as it was
still somewhat early in the evening.  Tam parked next to a
pavilion, where the car was less likely to be spotted by a cruising
cop, and pulled me into the back seat.  She stripped off her
panties and quickly pulled up her skirt, proudly showing me her
snatch.
     The hair was red down there.  It gathered thickly around a
swollen slit that was already oozing honey.  My fuck rod got hard
instantly, and I winced.  Man, these damn pants really were tight! 
I unbuttoned them and zipped down the fly to ease the strain a
little.
     "Whoa, there, big guy!"  Tam grinned.  "My turn first, then we
can have some real fun.  I need you to eat me so I can come."
     "Eat you? What does that mean?"  I asked like an naive kid. 
Inside, the hormones were surging and raging and I could feel the
spunk churning in my balls.  Oh, yes!
     "I mean since I sucked you, you have to suck me.  And lick and
kiss and love my hot little pussy."
     "OK!"  I said happily, and went down on her.  God, she was
furnace-hot and sopping all ready -- sucking me off must really
have put her in the mood.  While I drank at the fountain of
paradise, I heard her unsnap her bra.  I guess she wriggled out of
it, because when I came up for air she'd pulled the top of her
dress down and was pinching and pulling on her large, hard nipples. 
I kept licking her snatch until she came once, and then kept on
because I liked it and she didn't tell me to stop.  She tasted a
lot like Di, only a little sweeter and more mature.  Finally, she
shuddered all over, and pulled my head out of her lap.
     I caught a glimpse of myself in the rear-view mirror.  My face
was all shiny with her juice, and my hair was plastered against my
forehead with it.  "Wow! I really liked that!"  I said exuberantly. 
"Can we do it some more?"
     "Some other time, baby,"  she murmured, breathing hard.  "I
can only take so much.  And we haven't even gotten to the good part
yet."
     "What's that?"
     She pulled my head forward and kissed me long and deep. 
"Making babies, honey!"
     I looked doubtful.  "I don't think you're supposed to do that
with your sister."
     She laughed.  "Oh, we won't really make babies,"  she
explained.  "I'm on the Pill.  We'll just practice for later, when
you get married."
     I shrugged.  "O.K."  This was great!!!
     She slipped my pants off.  "Gosh, these are tight,"  she
whispered.  "No wonder you couldn't close them around that big hunk
of meat.  Guess I'll have to make it shrink again."  She shrugged
out of her dress and was naked; it was starting to get dark, so I
guess she wasn't worried about anyone seeing.  I took the
opportunity to remove my briefs.  
     She gazed longingly at my prong.  "Ooh, baby, you're gonna
have a big one.  Gosh, it's almost as big as Daddy's already. "
     That brought me up short.  "You've seen Dad's thing?"  I
asked, my disbelief genuine.  
     "Seen it?  Honey, I've sucked it some many times I've lost
count.  I started when I was thirteen and I caught him jacking off
in the pool.  It looked so good, I just had to have it, and he
shoots so much sweet spunk...ever since then he's let me suck it
whenever I feel like it, and once in a while he licks my pussy, but
he's never let me fuck him.  He says it's not right."  My big
sister looked sad.
     "I'll fuck you!"  I said proudly.  "If you'll show me how!"
     "Oh yeah, I'll show you how.  I've been wondering when you'd
finally grow up and want something like this..."  I grinned as she
made me lean back against the seat, then mounted me much the way Di
had: her back to me while she eased down onto my big dick.  One of
these days, I might actually get to look a woman in the face as I
fucked her!  
     My hands found Tammy's tits of their own accord.  We started
pumping and thrusting, gently at first, then Tam said, huffing and
puffing, "Harder, baby brother!  Pound me harder!"  So I went after
it like a frenzied jackrabbit, squeezing those big tits hard, and
in the end I lost all control.  He cunt caressed my cock like some
hug, hot, wet hand as I pistoned back and forth.  Several wonderful
minutes later I heard her squeal, and her love-tunnel clamped hard
around my fuck tool.  I lasted about thirty seconds longer, then
spunk exploded out of my prick like water from a fire hose!  We
collapsed in a sweaty heap.
     By then, it was full dark.  We started to clean up and go home
-- there was a unisex bathroom next to the pavilion -- but I got a
tremendous hard-on again.  Tam was amazed when she saw this, but
aroused when I shyly told her I wanted to put my cock between her
tits.  She lay down on a picnic table, and I straddled her and was
soon enjoying my first titty-fuck.  I thought it was pretty
exciting, especially the way she would lean forward and kiss the
head of my dick when it came through her tight tit tunnel, and lick
and suck her own nipples.  I soon came, then licked her pussy til
she did, too.


STAY TUNED FOR THE EXCITING CONCLUSION!!! 


                      THE CHARMER, PART II
                                
                               by

                             RHYMER


     After fucking my 17 year old sister Tammy -- the second in
line after I talked our sister Di (15) into doing it with me -- it
took me nearly six months after that to make my final familial
conquest.  The time was never right, and I wasn't sure, frankly,
that I was ready to fuck my mother.  I never lacked for pussy in
all that time, however.  Tam came on to me often, and we often
managed a quick fuck or lick in some little hiding place like the
pool change room or the attic.  She even let me hide in the closet
once while she sucked our dad's cock (they'd been practicing this
little scenario for the past four years, since she caught him
jacking off in the pool.  No fucking, just sucking, 'coz Dad's too
much of a tightass).  Now, he was big, at least nine inches long
and nicely thick in cross-section.  I could only hope to ever have
what he had (I've since exceeded it, to my amazement and pride). 
I must have pumped a quart of come into a handy towel as I watched
them through a little hole I'd drilled next to the doorknob.  He
didn't fuck her, of course, so I had to take care of that task
myself later on.  Poor me.
     A couple times during that period I even managed to make Di
temporarily forget her misgivings about doing it with me.  We had
a hot sixty-nine late one night after watching TV, and once I got
into her pants while the family was at church by outrageously
complimenting her fantastic legs and ass.  That was it, though. 
She really got into it while we were fucking, but afterward she
kinda gave me the cold shoulder.
     As my plans moved toward fruition, I started hanging around
with Mom as much as I could -- which was a lot, since I was out of
school for the summer and Dad's salary was sufficient that Mom
didn't have to work.  When she went to the store or the mall, I was
there with her.  When she did the laundry, I folded clothes.  When
she made dinner, I chopped the vegetables or made the salad.  I was
her constant companion, and she acted kind of flattered.  I also
took the opportunity to be more overt in my affection, kissing and
hugging her as often as possible.  More than once I complimented
her on her figure; this was OK, as she'd recently lost some weight.
In short, I became everything a good son should be: loving,
attentive, complimentary, and obedient.  I think Tammy realized
what I was doing, because I'd occasionally catch her grinning at me
with that special twinkle in her eye.  Even Di remarked once about
me "trying to make brownie points" with Mom, though of course Dad
was oblivious.
     Of all the people in my family, Mom and I resemble each other
the most.  We share blue eyes and wavy black hair, with hers
reaching to her shoulders.  Our features are aquiline and pleasant,
though neither of us has the fashion-model looks of Di (that's
Dad's side coming out).  Of course there are the obvious sexual
differences.  She's voluptuous in the same way Tammy is, with
large, full breasts, a full waist, and the same luscious round ass
she passed on to Diane.  Despite birthing four children, everything
was still in excellent shape.  Sometimes it was difficult for me to
be around her without getting an erection, though she never seemed
to notice.  
     One day, while we were working on a jigsaw puzzle together in
the family room, I presented her with a personal "problem."  "Uh,
Mom?  I've got a problem I need to talk about."
     "What is it, honey?"  she asked, leaning over to set a piece
of puzzle in place.  Today she was wearing a loose-fitting blouse,
and I caught a glimpse of the top of her tanned tits.  I squirmed
in my chair to hide my aroused state.
     "Um, its kinda...personal.  I can tell you anything, right? " 
When she nodded assent, I stammered on.  "Well, um, there's this
girl I like.  I've been, uh, having these f-feelings about her and
I don't know what to do about it."
     She smiled broadly.  "What sorts of feelings?"
     I blushed.  "Um, well, you know."
     "So my little boy's finally growing up.  Took you long enough
to discover girls."  (I was 14 by then.)  She took my hand in hers.
"Jamey, a girl likes to know when a boy is interested in her.  Let
her know, let her make up her mind about you, and maybe you'll
strike up a relationship.  Then things can proceed from there."
     My brow furrowed in worry.  "But what if it's not that easy? 
I mean, what if she's already someone else's girl?"
     She leaned back and sighed.  "Well, then, that does make it
difficult.  I'll tell you what.  Why don't you try doing a few nice
things for her, let your feelings be known, then see what happens. 
I'm not advocating trying to break up a relationship -- if it's a
strong one, you won't be able to do it.  But you never know."
     I nodded thoughtfully.  She kissed me on the cheek and said, 
"Good luck, honey."  We finished the puzzle in silence.
     Over the next few weeks, I took her advice to heart.  I washed
her car, I cleaned the pool myself to save her some money, I did
all the laundry myself, I even waxed the kitchen floor.  Once I
sent her flowers, using money I'd earned on my paper route.  She
looked at me a little oddly when I did that, but I just smiled
encouragingly.  That night I sneaked into Tam's room and fucked her
extra hard.  
     I set a date and started working toward that goal.
     I was all nerves when the Big Day dawned.  Mom and I had the
house to ourselves:  Dad was at work, Di was at some kind of junior
models event, and Tam was visiting a college she was thinking of
attending in Houston.  When I went into the kitchen for breakfast,
dressed only in my underpants -- I habit I'd had since I was a kid
-- Mom was already there, slowly crunching on a bowl of cereal. 
She looked serious as she peered down at the magazine she was
reading.  I drew in a sharp breath as I looked at her: she was
wearing a nightgown only, no robe, and it was semi-transparent.  I
could see her big nipples easily through the sheer fabric; and I'm
sure I would have been able to see the hairy triangle between her
legs if she's stood.  My cock sprang to full attention in a five
seconds flat, and I know she saw it as I moved around the kitchen,
making my breakfast.  You could have cut the tension with a knife.
     "Something I'd like to talk to you about,"  she said as I sat
down.
     "What is it?"  I said innocently.  I tried not to stare at her
exposed tits.
     "Later,"  she promised.
     We ate breakfast largely in silence.  I quickly downed my bowl
of cereal, then left, allegedly to take a shower.  Instead, I went
back into my bedroom, carefully left the door halfway open, and
stripped of my briefs.  My cock was already rock solid, so I lay
back on my bed and started jacking off, really working the long,
thick shaft up and down between both hands.  I moaned and gasped
loudly: and sure enough, my theatrics paid off.  A few minutes
later, Mom came in and said, concerned, " Are you all right,
honey?"  Then, as her mind registered just what it was I was doing,
she exclaimed, "JAMEY!!!"
     I scrambled back and covered myself with a pillow,
embarrassed.  "MOM! Oh, gosh, I'm sorry, Mom, I thought I closed
the door, don't tell Dad, OK, I --"
     "Shhhh."  She came up next to me and sat down on the bed.  I
could see that she was a little excited; her nipples were poking
hard against the front of her nightgown.  This did little to quell
my raging hard-on.  Mom kissed me tenderly on the forehead.  "I
won't tell anyone about this."
     "I'm really embarrassed, Mom."
     "Don't be.  What you're doing is perfectly natural."
     "It is?  I mean, I just kinda discovered it a coupla months
ago, it makes me feel real good --"
     "I know, baby.  It does feel good.  It's normal, but you
should do be more careful when you do it so you don't shock your
poor mother and sisters."
     I smiled inwardly.  "Should I stop?" 
     "Well...now that you're growing up you'll need some kind of
sexual release, or you'll just start to feel depressed all the
time.  So I guess you shouldn't stop.  Just do it in private, where
nobody will catch you.  Other people might not understand if they
saw you playing with yourself, though really everybody does it."
     "Really?  Even girls?"  I looked at her quizzically.
     "Even girls, but we do it in a different way.  Now, does this
have anything to do with the girl you said you were having feelings
about?"
     "Uh, yeah."
     "The one you can't have because she's someone else's?"
     "Uh-huh."
     She gazed at me steadily.  "Would that happen to be me?"
     I ducked my head and blushed.  "Yeah,"  I whispered.
     She released an explosive sigh.  "I suppose I shouldn't be
surprised.  That's what I wanted to talk to you about today.  You
and I have been inseparable lately, and you've been so kind and
giving to me -- not that you weren't a good boy before, but you've
been nicer than ever lately.  And you've done all those sweet
things for me, just like I told you to do for the girl you like."
     "Love,"  I corrected.
     "What's that?"
     "The girl I love.  I'm in love with you, Mom.  Not in the
normal mom-son way, either.  I mean romantically.  I really really
care about you, and I want to be your lover."
     Her face registered shock, then sadness.  "Oh, Jamey, you
silly, lovely boy.  You're very handsome, and I know any girl would
be happy to have you, but you and I can never be lovers.  Your
heart's in the right place, but you've got to give it to some
little girl your own age.  Making love with one of your family
members is called incest, and incest just isn't right, no matter
how much a person might want it to be.  Besides, I could never
cheat on your father."  
     "I know,"  I stated miserably, glancing at her hard-nippled
tits.  "But I really love you, Mom.  You're the only one I have
dreams about."
     "Honey, that's normal too, but you'll grow out of it.  Aren't
there any girls your age you could learn to love?"
     "A couple, I guess.  I mean, I tried to ask one out once, but
she just laughed at me."
     "That's too bad.  Maybe you should try another."
     I shrugged.  "What good would it do? Even if I could get a
girl to go out with me, I don't know anything about -- aw, I can't
talk about this with my Mom."
     She cocked her head at me, and crossed her legs.  I caught a
glimpse of her hairy cunt then, and I almost lost it on the spot! 
"Jamey, you're such a sweet, smart boy, and I'm sure you'll learn
quickly."  Then, curious: "What is it you need to know, son?"
     "Well,"  I said, heart hammering,  "I need to know how to kiss
a girl properly.  You know, tongue and stuff, not the kind of baby
kisses I give family.  Where can I learn something like that?"
     She licked her lips.  "I, I guess you'll just have to learn by
doing."
     My eyes widened, as if a sudden idea had struck me.  "Could
you show me?"
     "Oh Jamey, I don't think so..."
     "Aw, c'mon, Mom,"  I pleaded.  "Just this one thing, that's
all."
     Her resolve wavered.  "All right, then, just this one thing. 
No more."
     "Great!"  I bounced up and tossed the pillow to one size,
exposing my pussy-boring monster to her eyes.  She'd probably only
caught a glimpse of it before: now she was getting an eyeful.  Her
breathing quickened as she surveyed its length.  Then I climbed
into her lap and pecked her on the lips.  "Like that?"
     "Uh, oh no, baby, that's not very...ex-exciting."  My hard
cock was pressed into her tummy just below her belly-button, and I
felt her wriggle against it.  It flexed of its own accord, and she
jumped a little.  
     "How 'bout this?"  This time, my tongue slipped into her mouth
for a second.
     "Not quite."  Breathing harshly, she pulled my lips to hers,
and slid her tongue deep into my mouth, where it found mine and
initiated a dance that lasted a good five minutes.  When we broke
for air, my heartrate had doubled and think I was about to pass
out.  Though in the last few months I'd fucked two of my sisters
multiple times and watched one of them suck off my big-cocked Dad,
I'd never experienced anything more sensual than that first real
kiss with my Mom.
     "Gosh, that felt good,"  I told her.  She looked kinda dazed,
and seemed at least as affected as I.  I glance shyly at my hard
dick pressed against her stomach.  "Felt good down there, too."  A
slight film of pre-come lubricated the fabric between us.  I
scooted back off her lap and sat with my legs sprawled, my raging
erection in plain sight.
     "I, I, well then, son, did that help?"  She couldn't take her
eyes off my cock. 
     "It sure did!"  I said enthusiastically.  "If anybody can
teach a guy how to kiss, it's my Mom!"
     "Good."  She stood and smoothed down her nightgown.  "I'd
better go."
     "But Mom," I protested, "What about after I kiss the girl?"
     She looked at me and swallowed hard, trying to deny what her
quickened breathing and erect nipples made obvious.  "What do you
mean, Jamey?"
     "I mean, she'll want me to do something more than just kiss
her, won't she?  I don't know anything about a girl's body.  What
do I do next?"
     "I-I'm not really the one to tell you that, Jamey."
     "But if no one teaches me I'll look like a dork the first
time!  You don't want that, do you?"
     "Of course not."
     "Well, what next?"
     She took a deep breath.  "I see some lessons are in order." 
Then, to my great excitement, she peeled the nightgown's straps off
her shoulders and let it fell to the floor.  
     I just stared for along second before I found my voice.  "Oh,
Mom! You're so beautiful!  You must be the sexiest woman in the
world!"  I reached down and stroked my cock with one hand.  "Oh,
Mom, I can't help it, you look so good!  I'm so hard for you!"
     My lovely mother smiled in nervous excitement and sat back
down on my bed.  The instructions began immediately.  "Now, Jamey,
these are my breasts."  She hefted them in both hands.  "Every
mature woman has them, but of course they come in a variety of
shapes and sizes.  The hard, red things at the end are called
nipples.  A girl likes to have them stroked, and tweaked."
     I reached out and pinched the nearest nipple between thumb and
forefinger.  "Like this?"
     She gasped.  "Yes, like that, baby, only not so hard."  I
tried again, rolling the rubbery nip between my fingers, and
elicited another sharp intake of breath.  "Ooh, Jamey, that was
just right.  You're a fast learner."   She gulped, and said, "A
girl also likes to have her hard nipples sucked and licked."
     "Like this?"  I slurped the same nipple into my mouth, and
started to suck like a vacuum.  Then I switched tactics, licking
the rock-hard bit of erectile tissue, and finally rolling it gently
between my teeth.  
     "Oh yes, YES!"  Mom gasped.  "Now the other one!"
     I did that one, too, then sat back expectedly.  Her nipples
were gleaming now with my saliva, and I found the sight strangely
erotic.  I stroked my cock again and waited for my next "lesson."
     It took her a second to calm down; I looked down and saw why. 
The first two fingers of her right hand were buried to the second
knuckles in her twat.  She withdrew them slowly and licked away her
creamy sauce.  "Now, baby,"  she said in a low, husky voice, "Mommy
needs to get her pussy li --"  Then she remembered that she was
supposed to be in tutorial mode.  "Um, I mean, it's time to move on
to a woman's next erogenous zone.  That's what these are called,
baby, erogenous zones.  They vary from woman to woman, but we all
have two in common: our breasts and our vaginas."
     "What's a vagina?" I asked.  
     "Oh, my sweet little baby, you are naive, aren't you?  That's
a woman's hottest place, her treasure of treasures, the place where
we make babies."
     "Are we making babies?"  I asked excitedly.
     She smiled.  "Don't worry, I'm on the Pill.  I can't have
babies right now."
     "Can we make one someday?"
     She smiled coyly.  "Maybe.  But first things first."   She
spread her legs, and I saw her full cunt for the first time.  It
was grand!  Her lips were fat and puffy, just begging to be licked,
and were furred with a thatch of coarse black hair.  She was
already dripping wet.  "This is a vagina,"  she told me, then
reached down and spread her nether lips.   "Other names for it are
cunt, and twat, and pussy, but they're not very polite.  It has two
sets of lips, called labia, an inner one and an outer one.  See?"
     I nodded earnestly.  "What's that little hard thing?"
     "This? That's a clitoris, sometimes called a clit for short."
     "What does it do?"
     She smiled dreamily.  "That's what makes it so good for a
woman, baby.  That's where a woman's orgasm starts, then spreads
through her cunt and up her belly into her tits and then all
through her body."
     "Wow!  Can I touch it?"
     "Oh, yes, baby, I want you to."  I brushed my fingers across
her clit, and she whimpered.  She lay back on my bed quickly. 
"Now, Jamey, lick it and suck it like you did Mommy's titties."
     I did, and it wasn't thirty seconds before Mom shrieked my
name and arced up off the bed like she'd been hit with a hard volt
of electricity.  It took her a few minutes to come down: she just
lay there and shook like she was having some kind of seizure.
     "Are you OK?"  I asked, concerned.
     "Oh, Jamey, you nasty, marvelous, filthy little boy, of course
I'm all right.  You made me come, baby, I mean come to orgasm."
     "Oh, is that what it was."  I looked at her doubtfully.  "Are
you sure I didn't accidentally hurt you, or something?"
     "Oh, I'm sure."  She sat up shakily.  "That was just a
prelude, Jamey.  The most important part of a woman's vagina -- her
twat -- is this."  She spread her lips wide with one hand, and slid
two fingers from the other into her cunthole.  "This is where the
man's penis, or cock, goes."  She started pumping her fingers in
and out of herself, and her eyes started to glaze.  My Mom was
jacking herself off in front of me!
     I interrupted with, "What are you doing, Mom?"
     "I'm playing with myself, honey,"  she gasped.  
     "Oh, so that's how girls do it."  I grinned.  "Can I do it for
you?"  
     "Be my guest!"  she moved her hand away, and I replaced it
with my own.  After frigging her for a while, I licked my lips and
lowered my head to her lap.  I started lapping up her sweet cream,
and she started squealing and thrashing until, finally, she came
like a rocket.  Then she reached down and grabbed my hair, pulling
me up her beautiful body until she could plant her lips on mine. 
She kissed me deeply, and we frenched, just the way she'd taught me
a few minutes before.
     When I pulled away, I said, "Did I do that right, Mom?"
     "Oh yes, lover, that was just right.  I could even taste
myself on you.  You're such a considerate lover, Jamey-boy, so much
nicer than your Daddy!"  She wriggled under me;  I was lying on top
of her now.  "That big hard thing feels good against my leg.  Now
that you've eaten Mommy's hot cunt, I suppose you'd like to fuck
her now, too? Isn't that right?"
     Yes, yes, yes!  "Do you want me to fuck you, Mommy?"  I asked
softly.
     "More than anything, Jamey!  Mommy's so hot for you now she's
practically coming just feeling that huge man-sized cock touching
her!  I want you to stick it in me now, all the way up to my womb!"
     With her help, I found her cuntal opening and thrust my way
inside.  She accepted me with a short groan.  My first face-to-face
fuck!  Though of course we barely looked at each other; we were too
busy feeling.  She wasn't as tight as the girls were, but she was
tight enough, and way more talented with her pussy-muscles; it was
fucking well hard to believe that she'd had four kids (I found out
about episiotomies later).  My fuck rod plumbed her depths, slowly
that first time, then I backed almost out and thrust back quickly,
harder and harder, faster and faster.  I was so turned on I came on
the sixth stroke, and I was amazed I held out that long!  I shot at
least five good, hot jets into her, and she winced and moaned as I
did.  "Oh, Jamey, oh, I can feel your spunk hitting the walls of my
pussy!  Oh, it feels so good!"  Mom seemed to take my inability to
hold back in stride; after all, this was my "first time."  She kept
thrusting at my rapidly-deflating cock until she wrung a nice come
out of it, and of course by then it was hard again.
     "Oh, baby, that was wonderful,"  she groaned.  I acted too
worn out to say anything.  "But you poor thing, now you're all hard
again.  We'll have to take care of that.  Do you think you could
stand up by the bed?"
     I could, and I did, wondering what she had in mind.  Then she
got on her hands and knees, with her backside toward me, her legs
slightly spread.  I was treated to a good view of her cunt, the
lips of which were outlined by a thin layer of white: my come.  On
impulse, I leaned down and quickly licked up a sample.  It was
salty and sweet, kinda like pussy juice, but with a faint nuttiness
all its own.  I didn't like it or dislike it.
     Mom shuddered.  "Ah, oh, that was good, Jamey, but not what I
had in mind.  I want you to put your big cock back there!"
     I was only too happy to oblige.  She was at the perfect
height, so all I had to do was walk forward a few steps, and I was
buried to the balls.  The combination of pussyjuice and cockcream
made her hot passage slicker and oiler than before.  I grabbed her
soft hips and started thrusting.  This was a great position, I
decided: a little awkward, maybe, but it gave me a better entry and
depth than before.
     "Oh, yeah, give it to me, baby boy! Fuck your mother!"  As we
established a nice steady rhythm, Mom looked back at me and gasped.

"Oh, uh, this is -- oh, oh -- what they call the doggie-style
position."  So that was what this was!  I'd never done it quite
this way, though I suppose the ways Di and Tam fucked me the first
time were modified doggie-style.  
     "Doggie-style's the best!"  I groaned.  Mom ground her cunt
into my pubic bone, and started to wriggle her ass slightly back
and forth, adding some sweet friction that caused my cock to swell
even harder inside her.  She whimpered and moaned.  
     "Oh, baby, yes!  I can feel you getting bigger inside me!  I
can't believe it!"  She pumped and I thrust, and she came again
with a great shriek.  I didn't even care about the Needemeyers this
time!  
     I was still hard, and I knew from past experience that I had
a good ten minutes before I could come again, so I kept thrusting. 
Mom moaned, lowered her head, and renewed her assault on my prick. 
A minute later she said softly, "The way we did it first was called
the missionary style."  My Mom, always the teacher!
     I answered by thrusting with renewed vigor.  "I wanna make you
come again, Mom,"  I said, gritting my teeth against the flood of
sensation.  "Does my horny Mommy think she can come again for her
little boy before he does?  Does she think she can come again
before he fills up her tight pussy with more boyspunk?  Does she,
huh?"
     "Oh, my well-hung baby! Talk nasty to Mommy!"
     "Oh, yeah, Mommy, your boy has a big, fat present for you, and
he needs to give it to you over and over again.  He needs to fuck
and suck your steamy cunt, and lick your clit and nipples, and put
his hard-on between your tits.  He wants you to lick his hard young
cock and suck on his balls until he spews his boyjuice all over
your pretty face.  He wants to spray his hot come into your pussy
and make babies with you."  I moved my hands to her titties and
started to pull and tweak the nipples.
     "Oh, yes! Yes! Mommy wants you to pound that nasty boy-cock
into her harder! Mommy thinks her little boy need some relief!  Oh
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
     She came again, and her tight cunt muscles spasmed around my
cock.  I was almost there myself.
     "Oh, my little darling! Oh, my sweet baby made Mommy come like
she's never come before!  I think my little Jamey's all grown up
now!  Now it's his turn!  Come in Mommy, Jamey!  Come in Mommy!"
     That pushed me over the edge.  I thrust mightily one last
time, and I spent the biggest load of my short life into the hot
depths of my mother's pussy.  Then I collapsed, exhausted, across
her back; after a long moment, I rolled off and lay beside her on
the bed.  "Oh, that was great, Loverboy,"  Mom whispered in my ear,
as her hand played with my balls and deflated cock.
     Once we'd recovered, Mom instructed me in how a girl should
properly suck a boy's hard dick, and showed me she knew how to
swallow a big load of sticky come, too.  Then she got on her hands
and knees again, and had me slide my cock into her tight, slick
asshole -- after a careful lubrication with pussy-juice and boy-
come, of course.  We romped in my bed, trying everything we could
think of, until just before Daddy came home.  Late that night, we
snuck into the hall bathroom, where I fucked her on the toilet, and
she gave me a blowjob I'll never forget.

     After that, I was practically drowning in pussy.  Tammy and I
still had sex regularly, and Mom and I did it constantly.  Every
once in a while I could talk Di into it; it wasn't a frequent
thing, but it was enough to spice up my sex life.  I was soon a big
hit among the all the girls at school, too, and it wasn't long
before I was screwing Mrs. Needemeyer next door.  My sisters never
knew I was fucking the other or our mother, but of course I
confessed all to Mom, my favorite lover.
     Mom gave birth to her fifth child, Jeremy, when I was
seventeen.  He's currently a happy, well-adjusted, perfectly-normal
six year old.  She swears up and down that Jeremy's my father's,
but I just don't believe it.  He's a little charmer, just like his
oldest brother.  He's got black hair and blue eyes, like me and
Mom, and frankly I think Jeremy is mine.  The odds are in my favor.
Mom and I went out of our way to fuck at least once a day after
that first time I charmed her into my bed when I was fourteen, and
our record stands at seven times in one 24-hour period (and 11
orgasms for her).  I know for a fact that I fucked her more often
than Dad did after that.  Dad had other fish to fry; a few months
after our first tete-a-tete, Tam finally got him to fuck her, and
after that they did it as often as they thought they could get away
with it.  Dad still thinks their affair is a secret, and has no
idea I'm fucking every woman in the household.
     Now Mom's pregnant again.  I suppose this one could be mine,
too, but I fucked Mom all that often since I left home for college.
Probably Dad's this time.  Of course, there is the possibility that
this baby was put in Mom by my younger brother Zack.  He's
seventeen now, and I know for a fact that Mom's fucking him
regularly -- she says she needs someone to take care of her needs
now that I'm gone!  She gave herself to him as his fourteenth
birthday present, and they've been going at it since.  I'm looking
forward to going home at Thanksgiving, when Mom has scheduled a
nice double-fucking (our first) between me, Zack, and herself. 
I've never fucked a pregnant woman before.
     Ah, yes, I love my fucking family.  Seems like I've initiated
a new family tradition that's going to last for some time to come!

                             THE END 
