

                              A FUCK FOR CHARITY
                                 (the sequel)
                                by Eastern Mode


I arrived at the party, late as usual.  The invitation had said gentlemen
should wear black-tie and nothing else. Women were to wear stockings and
garters and nothing else. I was really looking forward to this party and the
chance to meet so many people from The Bedroom.

The party was in full swing.  There were bodies everywhere in every state of
sexual coupling including some I'd never seen before and I was sure I'd hurt
myself trying. By the time I was out of my clothes, except the tie of course,
my cock was pointing straight at the ceiling.

It was at that second, just before I had the chance to get overwhelmed, that
Hot Puss ran up to me.  She greeted me with a deep kiss.  As I might have
guessed, she was breaking the dress code by wearing crotchless pantyhose.

Nonetheless, I didn't mind, she was quite a turn on.  Before I could get much
of a word out, she grabbed my hand an towed me over to an empty mattress on
the floor.  She pushed me backwards onto it.  Hot Puss knelt at my side,
perpendicular to my body, bent down and in one swift move, sucked my cock deep
into her hot mouth.  Wow!  Heaven!

She sucked me deep in, then pressed her lips firmly around my shaft and slid
them up to the head.  She flicked the tip of my cock with her tongue, back and
forth, back and forth. The feeling was intense.  Then she'd suck me deeply in
again. Over and over she did this.  I could feel a tremendous orgasm building.

While Hot Puss was expertly blowing me, I first stroked her hair and her neck.
I used my finger tips to make small, light circles over her shoulders and
upper back.  After a while, I was gently caressing her tush and lower back. I
reached underneath her and pinched her nipples.  She shuddered with each
tweak.  I made circles on her tummy and finally reached her pussy.  Gently I
grazed her pussy hair, just barely touching it.  She was squirming, trying to
press her pussy against my fingers.  After a few minutes of teasing, I pressed
one, then two fingers as far up her cunt as I could.

She pressed down on my fingers and squeezed me.  All the while, she kept
sucking at my cock.

Hot Puss was so wet!  My fingers played in her juices.  I knew that I was
making her wetter and hotter and that excited me greatly.  I knew that I would
blow my wad soon.

With two fingers still inside and pumping her cunt, I used my thumb to probe
her clitoris.  I rolled flat part of my thumb around and around her clit.
Never quite touching except for an occasional quick brush against it.  Her
clit was hard and erect, it was almost begging to be touched.  I pressed my
thumb down on to it, then flicked it from side to side. Apparently, that was
it, Hot Puss started calling out "Yes!  Yes!" and I could feel her pussy
contracting around my fingers.  At that moment, I felt like my whole body
exploded and great gobs of cum sprayed out of my cock!  Hot Puss swallowed
every drop.

We rested a while, we both needed it.  After a few moments, we split up, her
to find her husband and me to mingle and meet some more of the Bedroom
denizens.  But for me, that blow job was so great, that I spent the rest of
the party in a daze.
