Archive-name: Bondage/chateau.txt
Archive-author: Master Chris
Archive-title: Chateau, The


     You are driving around the countryside with me on a Saturday
morning.  You are dressed appropriately; a simple white blouse
with buttons down the front, a white skirt and sneakers.  You are
wearing no underwear.  It is a warm and sunny day.  All of a
sudden, I pull the car over to the side of the road.  "It is time
for your third lesson.", I say.  You immediately begin to get
wet.  "You must be totally obedient today.", I say, "Are you
ready to do that?"  "Yes, sir", you answer.  I open the glove
compartment and take out handcuffs and a blindfold.  Your heart
jumps.  I attach your hands behind your head to the headrest of
your seat.  I then attach the blindfold.  Suddenly, you can't see
anything.  Your other senses seem to heighten and you feel a
familiar stirring between your legs.  "Spread your knees.", I
say.  You follow the instructions.  Then your feel my hands
slowly, pulling your skirt up to the level of your hips.  You
feel a slight draft across your shaved pussy.  The car starts
again and imprisoned like this, you drive for perhaps ten
minutes.  As soon as the car stops, you feel your hands being
released from the head rest.  The car door opens and you feel a
hand on each arm guiding you up some stairs.  You are moved
inside a door and then the hands leave your arms.  A moment later
your hands are attached above your head.  Then nothing happens
for several minutes.  You are very excited with anticipation.
After a while, you hear footsteps.  Your blindfold is removed and
you take a look at your surroundings.  You are in a hallway of a
large mansion.  There are paintings on the walls and chandeliers
hanging from the ceiling.  In front of you is a beautiful woman
of about your age.  She has short curly blond hair with brown
eyes.  She is completely naked!  As you look down you see she has
the familiar leather bracelets on her wrists and ankles.  Her
pubic hair has been shaved off just like yours.  You look at her
breasts and see a gold ring going through each large brown
nipple.  "Your nipples!", you blurt out.  The woman smiles at you
and, moving her hands under your blouse, takes one of your
breasts in each hand.  "It hurt at first", she says, "but now
these rings give me incredible pleasure.  Sometimes you can make
me come just by playing with them."  She squeezes your nipples at
first gently and then harder.  You give out a little moan.
"You'll like it when it's done to you.", she says.  Then she
removes your handcuffs and says, "Follow me."  You find it very
strange to be fully clothed walking behind this naked woman.  She
leads you along a large corridor and into a large room.  There
are three more women equally undressed waiting for you.  "Get
undressed." says the nearest one.  You fumble with your buttons
as you obey the command.  When you are completely naked, one of
the women leads you to a sunken bathtub.  For the next half-hour
you are bathed from head to foot.  You are embarrassed as they
wash your pussy and ass but you follow their instructions.  As
soon as your bath is complete and you are dry, you are led to a
padded massage table.  Bracelets are again attached to your
wrists, ankles and thighs.  You are then attached to the table so
that your arms are tight above your head and your legs are held
wide apart.  One of the girls attaches nipple clips to your
nipples and you begin to squirm as you feel them pinch you.
Another girl stands between your legs.  She looks at you and
says, "Your visit here will be a mixture of pleasure and pain."
She then takes a thin leather strap and begins gently slapping
the end of it against your pussy.  At first the sensation is very
pleasant as you feel the strap hit your clitoris.  The strokes
become steadily stronger and soon your pussy is just gushing its
juices at the sensation.  You whole body feels warm.  The final
stroke is a hard one and you yelp.  The woman smiles at you and
says, "You will be left here for several minutes and I want to
leave you something to think about."  She reaches into a nearby
jar of ointment and takes a small dab on one finger.  Holding
your pussy lips apart with one hand, she applies the ointment
directly onto the nub of your clitoris.  The ointment tickles a
bit and you start to involuntarily move your hips around as
another dab is applied to your anus.  The four women leave.  You
are still on your back and exposed totally.  The tickle at your
clitoris and your bottom has now become hot.  The ointment that
was put there is generating heat.  You begin to squirm
uncontrollably in your bonds.  The heat continues to grow in
intensity and between the stimulation of your clitoris, your
bottom and the nipple clips still attached to your breasts, you
feel turned on as you never have been before.  You are moaning
continuously and you are dying to free your hands so you can
touch yourself.  Finally, without anyone touching you, you come.
The orgasm continues for what seems forever as you cry out at the
sensation.  Obviously you were being observed, because as soon as
you come, the women return and release you.  Your nipple clips
are removed and your hands are attached behind your back and you
are led, naked, out of the room and down the corridor.  The other
women are now dressed and this time it is you who is walking in
the nude.  Two girls open a set of double doors and with one girl
holding each arm, you are led into a crowded ballroom of people
obviously having a party.  You are mortified.  You could die from
embarrassment.  the guests do not seem shocked to see you,
instead they seem amuse.  The women point to your naked slit and
whisper giggled comments to their partners.  As you pass through
the crowd, some people reach out to fondle a breast or touch your
ass or pussy.  You are led to the center of the large room.  The
crowd parts aside and you see a doctor's examining table there.
You now know what will be happening to you.  Sure enough, you are
placed on the table with your hands fastened to the head of the
table and your legs spread wide apart.  You feel cool fingers
pulling open the lips of your pussy and rubbing your juices into
your clit.  You feel the cool feeling of vaseline as a lubricated
finger makes its way up into your ass.  One woman on either side
of you sucks a nipple each.  You cannot help the moan that
escapes your lips.  As your nipples become hard, the women stop
and re-attach the nipple clips to them.  The finger in your ass
is withdrawn and replaced by a small vibrating butt plug.  The
woman between your legs stops and moves aside.  A man takes her
place and immediately begins pumping into you.  Despite your
bonds, your body strains upward as you try for the deepest
penetration possible.  The man comes, pumping his semen deep into
your body.  He withdraws and another takes his place.  This one
is slightly larger than the first and stretches you as he fills
you up.  The women at your sides begin toying with the nipple
clips and all of a sudden you begin coming.  The man continues to
fuck you as you abandon all your inhibitions.  Your body is
super-sensitive and your continue your orgasm after the man has
withdrawn from you.  Finally, it is over.  The vibrating dildo is
pulled gently from your ass.  You are left tied up however and
you lay there passively.  There is a sheen of sweat across you
entire body.  The party continues and a few of the guests touch
you as they walk by.  One couple you notice in particular.  She
is perhaps 18 or 19 years old.  She is wearing a white party
dress and her face is the picture of innocence.  It is her
boyfriend who instructs her to touch your breasts and nipples.
You see her tremble as she does so.  The boyfriend then tells her
to push a finger into your shaven pussy.  The girl looks afraid
and the boy must tell her again before you feel her finger move
tentatively into you.  "One day it will be you tied here", he
tells her.  "You will have a shaved pussy and everyone will be
looking at and touching you and you'll be helpless to prevent it.
Would you like that?"  "Yes", whispers the girl.  As you lie
there, you find the thought of that strangely exciting.  Perhaps
you will get the chance to see someone else trained before you
one day.  Soon the women come to take you back to the room where
you undressed.  You are cleaned up and gently massaged and your
body restored.  The women leave you sitting on an ottoman in
front of a ceiling to floor mirror.  In the mirror, you see the
door open behind you and I come in.  Standing behind you I reach
down and cup your breasts in my hands.  You look in the mirror at
the two of us and without my asking, open your legs to expose
yourself to me.  I smile at the sight.  You look at yourself in
the mirror and you know you will never be the same.

--
