Kidnapped Cheerleader
by Tasha106

Part 1 of 4

I was getting pretty pissed off at my boyfriend!

When we first met, about a year ago, he would take me to the finest French
restaurants in town, buy me a new piece of jewelry every week, and take me
to the Caribbean at least once a month.

But lately, it's been fast food and I can't remember the last time I got
something shiny or basked in the warm glow of the Jamaican sun.

Hey, if my current beau doesn't start treating me the right way, I think
I'll start looking for someone new. But at least he's still good for one
thing. And I mean real good. Well, money isn't everything --- is it?

I'm a senior at one of those big state universities. You know, better
known as a "football farm" than as an institute of higher learning.

And it's not that I can't attract a new fella. Most of the coeds at my
school are those "girl-next-door" types. Blonde hair, blue eyes, peaches
'n creme complexion. At 5'11", long, black straight hair that ends at the
top of my ass, tempting chocolate brown eyes, and dark complexion I can
honestly say that I stand out from the crowd a little. A lot of the guys
I've met in my four years here think of me as being pretty exotic. And a
couple of those farm boys even think I'm some kind of Amazon. I work hard
to keep myself in pretty good shape, considering I'm a phys-ed major. I go
for those nice long 'n lean tones. Nothing too muscular. Nothing too
masculine.

Well, I finally got the truth out of my boyfriend. And it wasn't good.

He was down about five grand to one of the local bookies in town after a
couple of bad college football bets. Well, at least he wasn't spending his
money on someone else. Since I did have some feelings for him (OK, they
were usually in my crotch.) I even offered to find a way to help him get
some of his money back.

He suggested I get a job. I suggested he shut up and let me do the
thinking. I told him to go home, watch the "Friday Night Fights," keep
away from his bookie, and wait until he heard from me.

On the drive back to my dorm I racked my brain trying to come up with some
kind of idea. Selling drugs? No way. Prostitution? I think not. Hitting
the lottery for a mil? Not a chance.

Walking back from the parking lot to my dorm - I was in a world of my own
desperately thinking of a plan - when I bumped into Jennifer Spencer, our
school's head cheerleader.

She lived in my dorm and was one of those peaches 'n creme types I told
you about before. About 5'4", bright blue eyes, neatly groomed shoulder
length blonde hair, and perfect white teeth. And, and I have to admit, she
did have a pretty tight little body. Jennifer Spencer --- the "perfect"
package. I guess that's why she was dating the quarterback of the football
team.

"Hi there," she said, as she greeted me that with that perky little
schoolgirl attitude that I couldn't stand.

"Are you going to the big game tomorrow," she asked. "It's the last game
of the year and it's very important for our school. I hope you can make
it." 

"I wish I could, Jen --- but I have a life," I replied briskly not wanting
to disrupt my train of thought.

"Well, if you change your mind, it's at 3:00 PM at the main field. Stop by
and show your support for the 'ol blue and white," Jennifer said, totally
oblivious to my little remark. Boy, do I hate those bubbly kind of babes.

I even remember one time sarcastically asking her if she lived up to the
title "head" cheerleader. She just smiled sweetly and replied, "Why of
course. I cheer the best and I'm the prettiest, too."

What a ditz.

I sat in my room that night with laboring over a cold cup of coffee;
trying to read a book; still stonewalled for a plan.

I chuckled to myself about running into Jennifer. She had it all. Mega
looks. A pretty famous boyfriend. And that "I can get anything I want just
'cause I'm so darn cute" attitude.

Well, back to my problem. How could I raise some quick cash?

I dozed off for about an hour and when I awoke --- it hit me. I guess that
little snooze cleared out those cobwebs in my brain. And to think, as I
smirked to myself --- the solution to my problem was one floor away!

Since my roommate went home for the weekend, I had the run of our room to
gather the necessary "items" for my quickly hatching and sinister scheme.

I found a couple of old, white cotton t-shirts and began cutting them.
When I finished, I had about ten nice sized strips. "Perfect for the job,"
I said to myself as I was beginning to get off on my own devious plan.

OK, once I've got her --- what was I going to do with her? I couldn't keep
her in her own room. I knew that someone would eventually come looking
when "Ms. Head Cheerleader" didn't show up for the big game.

I started rummaging through my roomie's closet. There it was! A sleeping
bag. Just the perfect thing to transport my soon-to-be captive up a few
flights of stairs to my place.

I went to bed and set my alarm for seven, the next morning. Jennifer had a
pretty fixed routine; going to the laundry room at about 9:00 AM and
returning about an hour later. That would give me more than enough time to
sneak into her place and set my trap.

I tossed and turned in bed going over in my mind how I would get her.
Since I had never done anything like this I really didn't know what to
expect. I was hoping it would be nice and easy. What if she fought back
really hard? What if she got hysterical and woke up the whole building?
What would happen if I didn't tie her up tight enough and she got free and
ran all the way to the police station?

The next thing I knew, my alarm was ringing. Could it be the next morning,
already? Yup. Time to get to work. I got up, showered, and dressed like it
was just another Saturday morning. I put on my favorite, tight, white
t-shirt; a pair of skimpy, blue jogging shorts; white socks, and sneakers.
I pinned that flowing, black hair of mine up into a long French braid so
it would be out of the way.

Nine o'clock couldn't come fast enough. At about ten minutes after nine I
rolled up the sleeping bag, grabbed my other goodies and went down to
Jennifer's room. Good thing I didn't pass anyone on the way. The less
people who saw me the better.

I even thought to myself, if Jennifer was still home and answered my knock
--- I'd tell her I picked up a job selling sleeping bags door-to-door.
Yea, right! No one could be that gullible!

It was pretty obvious to tell where I was when I got there. A big pink
"smiley face" on the front door and letters underneath that spelled out
JENNIFER'S ROOM. Yuk! 

I lightly tapped on the door praying no one would answer. After a couple
of minutes I knew she wasn't in there. After checking the hall, I slipped
a credit card in between the door and the bolt gently receded. In a split
second I was inside.

I quickly headed to hide in her closet, with sleeping bag in tow, to wait
for her return. I kept thinking through my plan; going over all the
details in my head. I knew it was too late to turn back now.

Then I heard a key in the door. I kept the closet door slightly ajar so I
could watch everything she did, so I'd be ready to strike at the perfect
moment.


Kidnapped Cheerleader - Part 2 of 2

She had her hair in a pony tail and wore one of those snug, horizontally
lined, jet black sports halter tops combined with a pair of black, form
fitting bicycle pants that stopped an inch or two above her knees. The
fluorescent, green stripes down the side of her skin tight pants
immediately drew my attention to her well developed thighs. I have to
admit that the ensemble highlighted her physique in way I had never
noticed.

She eventually got around to coming in the bedroom and getting her neatly
arranged accessories ready for her duties at the football game. She
gathered them up and headed into the bathroom to take a shower.

She emerged about 20 minutes later fully decked out in her complete
cheerleader's outfit. God is she stunning, I thought to myself. She wore a
slightly pleated, perfectly ironed blue uniform with white piping around
the edges and a big white "S" on her well defined chest. After gazing at
her own reflection in the mirror (Her quick nod of the head and a
confident smile told me she approved of her appearance.) she went over and
sat on the edge of her bed and put on a pair of ribbed, white ankle socks
and then slipped into her, blue tasseled, white buckskin shoes.

As the moment of decision drew closer --- I began getting a little too 
nervous for my own good. I was just about to chicken out when the perfect
opportunity presented itself.

She laid down on her bed, popped a CD in her machine; donned a pair of
headphones, and closed her eyes for a little cat-nap. My, how things can
change! She laid there, all mine for the taking, in blissful ignorance of
what was about to happen.

I carefully opened the door and crept ever closer to her. Kneeling next to
her I reveled in the intoxicatingly clean scent of her freshly showered
body. I looked down at her from head to toe admiring her exquisite shape.

Well, here goes nothin' I said to myself as I inched my hand closer to her
lips --- making sure to not alert her prematurely. I was getting so close
that I could now feel her warm breath on the palm of my hand.

With one swift motion I clamped my hand over her inviting lips --- scaring
the life out of her as her eyes popped open with a look of shock and total
confusion. I quickly jumped up on top of her, using my knees to pin her
shoulders to the bed with the athletic prowess of a pro wrestler going for
the three count.

She struggled for a few moments but soon realized that the combination of
my weight on her body and my strong hand over her mouth was giving me a
decided edge.

When she was calm enough to reason with, I looked her straight in the
eyes, and said, "Listen Jennifer, we're going on a little trip. If you do
exactly as I tell you --- you'll be fine." She meekly nodded her
agreement.

With my free hand I reached into my pocket and took of the first of many
pieces of white cloth that I'd be using that day. I took my hand away from
her mouth and put the strip between her lips and tied the other end around
the back of her head.

I pulled her hair from underneath the cloth on the sides of her head, then
went back and double knotted the cloth very tightly. 

"There," I said, "That's a little more natural. We want to see that pretty
blonde hair now don't we?" A submissive little grunt told me that she was
reluctantly resigned to accepting her silence. The abject fear in those
piercing blue eyes of hers told me that I was in total control.

Then I held her firmly by her shoulders and made her sit on the edge of
the bed. I started to tie her hands in front but switched to placing them
behind her back. I didn't want her to eventually reach up and pull that
gag out.

I wrapped the cloth around her tightly around wrists; cinching the last
few inches through the middle and topping it off with a nice, full knot.

I quickly grabbed some more cloth and tied her ankles and her knees with a
methodical precision that I never knew I had. The downcast look on that
sweet, virtuous face told me she knew escape was impossible. I had done
the deed all too well.

Jerking her head from side to side, as her hair swayed to and fro,
Jennifer made a valiant effort to dislodge the gag from her mouth and
scream for help.

"M-m-f-f! M-m-f-f! M-m-f-f! M-m-f-f!" was the only sound the blonde beauty
could make as she continued to swing her head from side to side like the
pendulum on a grandfather clock. 

I cupped my slightly trembling hand under her chin, and nose to nose, I
said to her, "So far you've been quite cooperative. Keep it up and we'll
have no problem."

I went over to the closet and pulled out the sleeping bag. Jennifer
realized what I had in mind and started a frantic but rhythmic straining
routine in hopes of finding a way out of her predicament. She squirmed in
her bondage rubbing her wrists and ankles together in a futile attempt at
freedom. I laid the sleeping bag out on the floor, unzipped it, and
readied it for my "special" passenger.

I picked her up, placed her down on the bag and slowly zipped her up,
watching her body disappear until only her face was left uncovered.

I kissed her gently, placing my lips to the smooth skin of her  forehead
and whispered, "I hope you're not afraid of the dark." Then I zipped the
bag shut!

I took a few seconds to check over her place, making sure that it didn't
look as if she'd left in too much of a hurry. I wanted everything to look
as normal as possible. I even remembered to turn off her CD player.

I picked up the bag with her in it, balanced it on my shoulder and
proceeded upstairs. I was in sight of my door when who did I see waiting
there but lovable old Professor Huxley. Oh God, what did he want? Maybe
the door-to-door selling story might have to work on him.

He was a nice, grey haired man, in his late '70s and my philosophy
teacher. I thought that this might just an unfitting end to my  adventure.

"Yes, professor, what can I do for you?" I asked, doing my best to not to
let on that I had someone bound and gagged inside the sleeping bag.

I could even hear Jennifer "M-m-m-f-f-f-ing" through her gag trying to
attract the professor's attention. My grip on her, though, was tight
enough to keep her from moving.

"I just stopped by to drop off that term paper you handed in last week.
Since you got an "A+" on it I thought I'd deliver it in person."

"Thanks, Professor. I'd invite you in but I'm going camping," I explained.
I was sure that he could hear Jennifer's moans. I was just waiting for him
to say something when he looked right at the bag and said, "See you like
camping. Great pastime. Did it myself many years ago. Well, I'm off to the
electronics store. That damn battery in my hearing aid went dead again and
I've got to get a new one."

I bid the good professor farewell, breathed a thankful sigh of relief, and
soon had Jennifer inside. I could only imagine how frustrating it must
have been for her to be that close to being rescued; yet having her
efforts go for naught.

I unzipped the bag, and moved my "guest" over on the sofa. Actually seeing
her in my place really made this whole thing come full circle.

She was still struggling as best she could, squirming and doing her
damnedest to spit out the gag that parted her luscious lips. She looked
particularly appealing as her full, young bosom strained invitingly
against the close fitting fabric of her uniform's front. Boy, that big
white "S" was really standing out.

I checked her bindings and was pleased to see that they were still as
tight and unyielding as when I first applied them. And her gag, though it
was getting a tad soggy, was holding in place.

I made a fresh pot of coffee, poured a cup, and sat down on the couch next
to Jennifer. I motioned for her to put her legs on the far side arm rest
and to lay down face up with her head cradled on my lap.

She stared up at me with impassioned doe-like eyes, silently begging for
freedom from her bonds. I stroked her fresh, golden hair with a lovingly
tender touch doing my best to reassure her that I meant her no harm. We
sat in total quiet, two women communicating without words. One totally
helpless. One in total control.


Kidnapped Cheerleader - Part 3 of 4

"I'm going to make a phone call to your boyfriend. Don't be alarmed at
what I might say. It's all part of my plan."

I picked up the phone on the end table and dialed a number that I had
gotten out of my captive's "private" phone book.

"Hello? You're the quarterback of State's football team? Well, if you ever
want to see Jennifer again make sure that you lose tonight's big game.
Don't call the police, either. This isn't a joke. Lose the game and your
girlfriend gets returned at midnight on Sunday. Proof? OK, I'll give you
proof. I'll call you in an hour and give you some proof."

I stared menacingly at Jennifer and said, "Well, I guess we're going to
see just how photogenic you are."

I could see her face becoming flushed with embarrassment at the thought of
anyone, let alone her boyfriend, seeing her bound and gagged.

I sat her on a barstool in an empty corner of the room (I didn't want
anyone to get any clues as to where she was) and pulled out my trusty
instant camera.

"Smile," I sarcastically encouraged. "OK, now look scared. We want your
boyfriend to know this is for real. Beautiful! Beautiful! The camera loves
ya! You make a real good damsel in distress. OK, take five."

What a picture I saw through the camera's viewfinder! There was Jennifer,
bound and gagged. Completely helpless. The soft, white cloth bindings and
gag contrasted nicely against her velvet-like flesh. Not to mention the
look of that sexy cheerleader's outfit. 

At that moment a brainstorm popped into my head. I unzipped the back of
her uniform then slowly inched her sleeves down her arms --- eventually
exposing a wonderful set of breathtaking breasts.

"Let's let your boyfriend see what he's going to be missing for a couple
of days." Good thing I was using color film. Her face was rapidly becoming
a lovely shade of shameful crimson.

She twisted and turned her upper body in a vain, but increasingly
sensuous, attempt to hide her bare, protruding breasts from the all seeing
camera lens; let alone my curious glances. 

"Yea, Jen," I urged, "Make them babies dance!" as I continued to click
away.

After about 15 minutes I had a set of 24 three by five prints. I kept a
dozen for myself and sealed the rest in a plain brown envelope. Pretty
soon her boyfriend would have all the proof he wanted.

I put my camera away and then led Jennifer over to a chair in the middle
of the living room.

"I'm going to tie you up in this chair for safekeeping while I go drop off
these photos," I explained as I removed her bindings and gag. "Don't say a
word and don't try to make a run for it. You know who's in charge here."

Since I had all of my shades drawn and the windows shut tight, I wanted
her to be somewhat comfortable while I was away on my errand.

I stated peeling off her cheerleader's outfit, letting it drop to the
floor in a pile. Then I removed the her last shred of modesty --- a pair
of white cotton panties. She just stood there, with her forearm covering
her breasts and her hand, doing what it could, to shield her pussy. But,
she was still wearing her shoes and socks; and those were removed next.

I sat her in the chair and secured each wrist to the arm of the chair, and
her ankles to the chair legs; making sure that sufficient tightness
offered no escape. I gave her a couple sips of water then inserted a
fresh, dry cloth gag.

Again she tested the ropes for even the slightest chance of "give" but she
soon accepted the inevitable. She sat proud and erect, like a haughty
princess on her throne.

I turned on the TV and tuned into a rock 'n roll video channel so she'd at
least have something to keep her mind occupied while she was alone.

"Hope you like my selection. I'd give you the remote control to play with
while I'm gone, but I've seen 'Single White Female.' Hope you understand,"
I said.

Jennifer looked so incredible, so inviting, and so sexy sitting there that
I hated leaving her --- even for one second. The more I looked at her
bound and naked body the more aroused I became. I think even Jennifer was
beginning to realize that this experience was going far beyond that of my
original intentions.

Putting my hands on my knees, and leaning into her with a coquettish
stance I cocked my head to the left and planted a firm kiss on her gagged
mouth; letting the very tip of my tongue subtly slide back and forth on
the cloth between her lips.

I said good-bye, turned off the lights and headed out the door; leaving
Jennifer to struggle in vain in the semi-darkness of my living room.

After dropping off the photos across town at a secret location where her
boyfriend could pick them up later, I quickly headed back to my place.
Just the thought of coming home to see Jennifer naked and trussed in that
chair was enough to get my feminine juices flowing.

I entered the apartment, stopped in the doorway leading from my kitchen to
the living room and gazed longingly at her reflection in the full length
mirror that was propped up next to the TV.

The apartment was rather warm and, through a combination of her own
energetic struggles and the heat, delicate beads of glistening sweat
artfully dotted her body adding a charming luster to her skin.

I was startled out of my daze by a trickle of warm, sticky fluid running
down the inside of my thigh. I knew I had to have her.

I removed my own clothes and moved toward my waiting captive. Seeing my
own reflection getting closer in the mirror, Jennifer began struggling and
moaning --- at least to prove to me that she still had some fight left in
her.

I stood directly behind her and pecked at the soft baby skin of her
shoulder making the little hairs on the back of her neck stand at rigid
attention.

I moved my tongue up to lick the outside of her ear and put my hands move
around the of her front to caress her mounds. I massaged them softly and
tenderly with an expertise that showed I wanted to please and not hurt.
Her nipples became harder and more responsive as I continued to
strategically tease them between thumb and forefinger.

All the while Jennifer cooed softly through her gag; her resistance slowly
giving way to growing passion and lust that was welling up inside us both.

I soon found myself in front and began slowly sucking on her big toe then
kissing the soles of her feet. I gingerly worked my lips up her legs;
leaving a thin trail of saliva along the way. First the calf. Then the
back of the knee. Then the inner thigh. Her pelvis gently shuddered as she
realized where my wanting tongue would come to rest.

Just as I got to the outer reaches of her delicate, curly blond pubic
patch, I switched my oral attentions to her boobs. Kneeling in front of
her, my own naked body between her parted legs, I thankfully took
Jennifer's boob into my mouth. 

I could taste the bitter salt of her sweat cascading through my hungry
mouth --- not unlike the first sip of a cold, refreshing Margarita on a
hot, August afternoon. I nuzzled and sucked her boobs, non-stop for at
least 15 minutes, alternating between the two delicious mounds of soft,
creamy flesh.

I was breathing faster than a steam engine when I decided to take a well
deserved rest.

When I leaned back to savor the moment and admire my bondage handiwork,
Jennifer shot a determined "Well, dummy, don't stop now!" look at me. My
energy immediately returned.

I lovingly kissed each breast again and positioned my mouth between her
legs. I worked my tongue between her quivering pussy lips, enjoying all
that she was. My tongue darted in and out of her willing pussy --- making
her wetter by the second.

"Oh, sweet Jennifer!" I kept saying to myself.

I glanced up to get a quick look at Jennifer's reaction at having another
woman's tongue in her pussy, but her head was tilted back, her eyes were
closed, as she voiced her approval with a definitive "Ah-Ah-Ah-Ah," every
time my tongue found an unexplored pleasure spot.


Kidnapped Cheerleader - Part 4 of 4

As I continued to feast upon her glorious love box, Jennifer began
undulating her pelvis, pressing her pussy harder and harder against my
face. I did all I could to stay in time with her inexhaustible motions.

I could hear her excitedly trying to tell me something through her gag. At
first is sounded like, "Meck meve gun! Meck meve gun!"

Then I realized what she was saying.

"Make me come! Make me come!"

I immediately grabbed her by the cheeks of her ass for even extra leverage
then buried my tongue deep inside of her; moving it in and out with
jackhammer swiftness.

Suddenly, Jennifer's entire body began to spasm, thrashing uncontrollably
in the chair. She was breathing hard though her mouth; inhaling, then
exhaling at a rapid pace.

Her screams of terror and fear earlier that day had been transformed into
ones of erotic passion and unbridled pleasure.

She kept up this routine, for what seemed like an eternity, then her body
gave forth one final, ground shaking, climactic spasm. Then she went
completely limp not moving a muscle for at least 10 minutes.

I cautiously looked up at her hoping for any sign of life from her
exhausted body.

First her left eye sheepishly opened --- then her right. They were glazed
over and Jennifer looked as if she were a million miles away. Her face
shone like a diamond as glints of the late afternoon sun cascaded gently
on her angelic face.

I could tell by Jennifer's utterly serene and contented grin that she was
totally and completely satisfied.

Now it was my turn.

I sat on Jennifer's lap facing her --- breast to breast and pussy to
pussy. I wrapped my legs around her middle; my ankles meeting behind her.
Her bound hands held them for support; as she propped her knees under my
ass to provide proper balance.

I placed my right hand behind her head and drew it closer to me, all the
while unfastening the knots to her gag. With her mouth free and
unfettered, I gave her a passionate French kiss, my tongue.

She tensed for a moment attempting to draw back slightly and I soon
realized the reason for her uneasiness.

"Don't worry darling. Yes, that's your own pussy you can taste in my
mouth. I hope it tastes as good to you as it does to me," I explained. She
let out an agreeing breath though her nostrils and I continued with my
lovemaking.

My left hand found its way down to my own pussy; stroking it with a
vigorous circular motion.

Jennifer heightened the mounting pleasure by moving her feet up and down,
in a right / left cadence, as if she were running in place. My ass bobbed
and bounced as a volcano was ready to erupt between my legs.

I was so excited by the whole event that I orgasmed in about in about
three minutes while wave after wave of feminine fulfillment enveloped my
entire body. It was the most gratifying orgasm I had ever had in my young
life.

Just like Jennifer, I too went limp, holding her bound body close to mine;
my head gently came to rest on her accepting bosom.

I got up and fetched Jennifer another drink of water; took a shower and
got dressed.

We were so involved in our erotic adventure that we completely forgot to
watch the "big" football game. Our school won, but by not enough to cover
the spread; so everybody came out a winner.

I patted Jennifer on the head, she was still bound and re-gagged in the
chair, and told her, "Don't go anywhere, darling. I'll be back for you
later."

I made a bee-line for my boyfriend's house and when I arrived he led me to
the kitchen. There on the counter was the biggest pile of 100 and 50
dollar bills I had ever seen!

"Thanks for the tip on the game. I don't know how you knew, but thanks,"
he said.

"Tell you what," he added as he grabbed a small stack of bills from the
huge pile. "I'm going downtown and get straight with those blood sucking
bookies. Well, at least I'll have $95,000 left. When I come back, we can
celebrate."

I looked at him as he hurried out the front door, and said, "Don't forget
to bring back some champagne."

Well, that was six months ago and I'm sitting here, soaking up the sun on
this luscious, tropical island. What a life! A Margarita in my left hand
as I admire a shiny, new diamond engagement ring on my right hand.

Without warning, a the loving touch of a finger begins to slide it's way
up from my knee to my inner thigh. A set of pursed lips move closer to my
right ear.

"There's a new French restaurant in town that just opened. Darling, let's
eat there tonight. Okay?"

I looked at the left to my lover who was cuddled next to me on a blanket
on the beach.

"Sure, Jennifer," I whispered back. "Anything you want."

THE END
