
Since the start of the term, I had watched Joan exercise and work out in the
skimpiest of gym uniforms. The blonde tenth grader was the most beautiful
cheerleader in the junior class. All the boys in school were constantly trying
to get into her pants, and to be honest with you, my own heart would literally
do a flip flop imagining what it would be like to fondle her large breasts that
were constantly peeking out through the sides of the tight T-shirts the kids
wore despie strict dress codes.

Watching her strut her stuff up and down the halls, I spent many a moment in
deep thought, picturing in my mind, the utter thrill of parting her long, lean
legs and caressing her with my tongue. I lived for the day the opportunity
might arise to show her the value of taking instruction from an older, more
mature person - one that has been around and knows the ropes. To me, Joan
seemed to know the score, and I was positive that none of the kids her own age
could possibly bring her the sexual satisfaction I instinctively knew her body
must crave. Teacher or no teacher, if I thought I could get away with it, I
would do anything short of rape to be able to lick and swallow the sacred
secretions that were certain to flow in abundance from that delectable
Homecoming Queen's vagina.

Joan was in my English class and since she wasn't doing that hot this semester,
I decided to ask her to stay after school for some special tutoring. I should
point out that Joan has a pleasing personality, and I had noticed many times
her warm smile, which I believed was directed towards me. Once or twice we had
brushed up against each other, and I can swear that I saw her nipples harden
through the sheer fabric of her blouse. Maybe my mind was playing tricks on me,
but I was almost certain she lingered just a little too long on those
occasions. The heat from her body was more than I could stand. Even though I
knew the risks were great, if my hunch was right, Joan wouldn't run off to
complain to either her parents or the school board. My ESP told me, the perky
cheerleader was ripe to try something a little bit different.

Earlier in the week, I had suggested that Joan come over to my apartment to
study. I told her it would be a bit more relaxed and we could get comfortable
while we cracked the books. Just to be sure, I wore my sexiest clothes that
day. I didn't put on a bra, and made certain that the buttons on my blouse
remained open halfway down. In addition, I wore a really tight skirt with a
slit up the side, and some absolutely stunning perfume. All day long, the boys
were whispering behind my back, and I could feel their eyes burning into me.
They must have thought, I had a hot date that evening with a fellow. I don't
think any of them suspected that in reality, I was really itching to make it
with one of the girl students - the school's prize student.

When Joan arrived, we chatted for a few minutes before sitting down on the
couch in my living room. My lighting is very soft and Joan looked absolutely
divine. At one point, I felt like wetting my lips with my tongue I was so
excited. Slowly, but with great assertiveness, I started to move in on my prey,
edging closer and closer to Joan. As she turned the pages of the English book,
I reached out and touched her hand, as if indicating she should reread a
certain portion of the text. Sweat was starting to form on my brow, but I was
determined to make love to her before the evening was over.

As it turned out, Joan finally took the initiative. She looked me right in the
eye and said, "I've hear some of the other girls talking at school. They say
you 're a lesbian and only go to bed with other women. Is that true?" Not
wanting to be dishonest, I explained that while I have gone to bed with men in
the past, and still do when the mood strikes me, basically I enjoy the tender
touch that only another female can offer. I explained that in many instances, I
had found men to be too rough in their lovemaking, that they seemed only
interested in satisfying their own sexual needs and not those of their partner.

Before I could finish my impromptu speech on the vaules of lesbianism, Joan was
all over me. She was kissing me deeply and rubbing her tender, young body up
against mine. Through her clenched teeth she was whimpering and moaning that I
should teach her how to make love to another woman. Later, I found out that she
had wanted to make it with a long time girlfriend, but had backed out at the
last moment for fear of alienating the friend.

Gently, I pressed my little blonde cheerleader into the soft cushions of the
sofa. I covered her body with mine and began to grind into her. In a way, I
felt like an over excited teenage boy who as about to pop his first cherry.
While I wanted to just plunge ahead and get my own rocks off, I realized that
for Joan's benefit I should take my time and show her exactly what two
beautiful females could accomplish for each other. It was important, I felt, to
make this a near perfect experience for my student, one that she would want to
repeat again and again, not only with me, but later in life with other members
of her own sex.

Together, we fondled and probed. For almost ten minutes I sucked on Joan's pink
nipples. Her tits were big, and spongey, and fitted into my hands just
perfectly. As i licked away at her breasts, I kept squeezing them, increasing
the pressure as our excitement mounted. After bringing her to the point of near
orgasm - and I hadn't even touched her cunt yet - I suggested we strip
completely and go into the bedroom where we could be more comfortable.

As Joan stretched out on the sheets, I knew that I was about to have the feast
of my life. The triangle between her legs was so inviting, and through her
lightly colored pubic hairs, I could see that her vagina was already drenched
and her clit hard in anticipation of what was to happen next.

"Don't move, let me make this real good for you" I told her. Without saying
anything else, I licked up and down her thighs, hardly able to contain my
excitement. When I finally touched her fiery furnace, she nearly jumped through
the ceiling. Thrashing and throwing herself around on the bed, Joan held my
head firmly with her hands and tried to push her cunt all the way into my
mouth. Her innocent face was now filled with sexual lust, and she was starting
to talk filthy, something that really turns me on. "Lick me harder you cunt!
Stick your tongue all the way up my twat. Eat my pussy until I cum all over
your face, bitch!" I couldn't believe what I was hearing. Where did this sweet,
little thing learn such things? Frankly, I didn't have time to ponder the
question, as I was much too busy following her instructions. As it turned out,
it seemed as if she were the teacher and I was acting the role of the student.

Joan must have cum at least half a dozen times. All the while I was using my
tongue on her, I was masturbating, pulling my clit and stroking it as hard as I
could. While I tongued Joan, I must have reached four or five climaxes myself.

Our relationship cemented, we continued to see each other until Joan graduated
and headed for college. We still see each other occasionally, but she's grown
up quite a bit and has several other girlfriends that she sees. Joan had
admitted, however, that she's really glad she was in my class, and had the
opportunity to be brought out of the closet by a real pro.
