Checkbook Spanking

Susan was prettier than usual that morning. Her neatly-brushed silky
blond hair just brushed her shoulders with a slight wave. My downstairs
neighbor had dressed for comfort in running shorts, a tube top and
sandals. Her clothing hugged her lush figure tightly, just as I wished I
could.

She seemed preoccupied, however, as we shared our customary cup of
Saturday morning coffee. Her blue eyes stared absently at her hand slowly
stirring the spoon in her cup. Twice, she had inhaled as if about to
speak, looked up at me, hesitated, then returned to her stirring, letting
the breath out as a sigh.

"Something's on your mind," I said, stating the obvious. I let the
silence grow as she stared and stirred.

"I got a notice from the bank yesterday," she explained. "It seems that
I overdrew my checking account and they had to bounce a number of checks,
including my rent check and one to the grocery store."

"Ohhh," I moaned, "that is trouble."

"It sure is! I'll have to pay the bank ten dollars for each one and
another charge to the landlord. The store won't take my checks any more,
so I'll have to pay cash there. I'm so mad at myself! Last time I did
this, I promised myself that it would never happen again."

It was clear that she was really upset. "I'd be happy to do anything I
can to keep you from overdrawing your account," I told her.

"You said that last time, too. I made myself a promise about what would
happen if I did it again."

I was intrigued. "What was that?" I asked.

I could see her struggling with herself for a moment. When she spoke,
her voice was so soft that I could barely hear her. "I want you to put me
over your knee and give me a good, hard spanking."

That wasn't what I expected her to say. I asked her, "Why do you want a
spanking?"

"When I was a little girl and I did something I wasn't supposed to do,
my Dad used to put me over his knee and spank my bare bottom with my Mom's
hairbrush. I hated it when he did that, but I sure didn't repeat whatever
it was that got me spanked! I don't know what else to do. I've tried all
kinds of things, but here I am with my account overdrawn, and I simply
can't let that happen again. I've been thinking that maybe the old
solutions were the best solutions."

"Why am I the person that you're asking to spank you?"

"We've known each other for some time now and you're one of my closest
friends. I trust you. I've seen some books in your apartment, y'know, the
ones with the pictures of women getting spanked on their bare bottoms, and
I thought you'd understand what I wanted. I thought that you'd probably
know what you were doing and could give me a really good spanking. I can't
spank myself, and, after all, you did offer to help."

"I thought I was offering to help you make a budget and balance your
checkbook."

"I know you did, but that's not the kind of help I need from you. I have
no trouble balancing my checkbook, when I finally get around to doing it.
I've also made lots of budgets, thousands of them. The problem is that I
just can't stick to any of them. No, what I need from you is the kind of
help that involves a hairbrush and my bare bottom."

She rose from her chair and walked to her bedroom. Her bottom cheeks
squirmed under her tight satiny running shorts. I could hear her moving
about her bedroom, then she called to me, "I'm ready for my spanking,
now."

I stopped in the bedroom doorway transfixed by the sight that greeted
me. Susan stood next to the low bench that she had pulled out from her
vanity table by her bed. Her running shorts were gone and she was bare
from her tube top to her sandals. She stood facing me with her hands
demurely folded in front of her pussy. Her slender arms framed her
gorgeous breasts as they strained against her form-fitting tube top. Two
little bumps in the stretchy fabric told me that her nipples were erect.
She hung her head and kept her eyes on the floor. Once in a while she
would look to her right at the object sitting on top of the vanity bench
and tremble. It was a large, heavy, oval-backed, wooden hairbrush.

"Are you sure you want me to spank you?" I asked.

"Yes," she whispered.

"Turn your back to me and show me your bottom," I told her. She looked
up at me apprehensively, then turned slowly, bringing her nether cheeks
into view. Her bottom was sheer perfection, the most beautiful and
spankable I had ever seen. At first I hadn't been sure that a spanking was
a solution to her problem, but, at that moment, I couldn't wait to get her
across my lap. She looked back at me over her shoulder. "Please," she
said, her blue eyes just beginning to fill with tears, "don't spank me too
hard."

I walked over to her and, putting my hands on her shoulders, turned her
to face me. Her breasts heaved with her labored breathing. "I'm going to
spank you hard enough to make you sorry that you bounced those checks, and
I'm going to spank you hard enough to make you careful never to do it
again." I picked up the hairbrush and sat down on the vanity bench. "This
is it, Susan," I told her. "Either lie across my lap so I can spank your
bare bottom with this hairbrush, or put your shorts back on and go back to
the kitchen and finish your coffee." Indecision flashed across her face,
then determination, then resignation. With a choked sob and a sniffle, she
draped herself across my lap.

I clamped my right leg across her calves to control her kicking and
wrapped my left arm around her waist to hold her body against mine. Her
bottom was perfectly presented in the classic spanking position. Even
before her spanking began, she started to cry. I ignored her crocodile
tears, gripped the hairbrush, raised it over my head, took careful aim,
and brought it down on the base of her right bottom-cheek with a
resounding CRACK!

"OW! Oh, wow, that really hurt!" she cried.

"Of course it hurt," I told her, "You're being spanked." I smacked the
hairbrush against her other buttock.

"Ohhh, please (WHACK) I'm sorry. (WHACK) I'll be good! I'll (WHACK) Ow!
I'll never let it (WHACK) OWW! Ohh, let it happen again! (WHACK) OHH,
please, I'm SORRRYYYY! (WHACK) OWW! OHHHHHHH, OWWW!!

She writhed on my lap and wiggled her bottom back and forth, trying to
escape the brush. She tried to kick her legs, but my leg held hers so
firmly that she could only pound the carpet with her toes. The gyrations
of her body were so intense that her ample breasts fell out of her tube
top. I tightened my grip around her waist as I continued to spank her.

"Indeed you won't (WHACK) let it happen again. (WHACK) It's going to be
a while (WHACK) before you bounce another check (WHACK) because it's going
to be a while (WHACK) before you sit down (WHACK) to write another (WHACK)
one."

Her writhing got weaker and her crying got louder as I continued to
spank her with that hairbrush. She finally stopped struggling and just lay
across my lap, her body wracked with sobs. Her hanging breasts swayed
gently with her sobs and each impact of the brush. Tears streamed down her
face and dropped onto the carpet. Her bottom was as red as a desert
sunset, and her cheeks involuntarily clenched and unclenched between each
smack.

Finally, I stopped spanking her and set the hairbrush down on the floor
next to me. I unwrapped my arm from her waist, released her calves from
the grip of my right leg, and turned her over to sit on my lap, her
flaming bottom hanging over the left edge of my lap. She put her arms
around my neck and, holding my head to her soft breasts, she rested her
head on mine as she finished crying. The light caresses that I gave her
bottom almost set off a new round of sobbing, but, after a few minutes,
she regained much of her composure.

I looked sternly into her tear-stained face. "Are you sorry that you
overdrew your checking account?" I asked her.

"Yes, sir."

"What did you get for overdrawing your checking account?"

"A spanking."

"What kind of spanking did you get?"

Her voice was almost a whisper. "A hard spanking with a hairbrush on my
bare bottom."

"Are you ever going to overdraw your checking account again?"

"No, sir."

"What are you going to do if you overdraw your checking account again?"

She paused. "Ask you for another spanking," she finally said.

"What kind of spanking are you going to ask for?"

She leaned back on my lap and looked at me with a tearful but devilish
grin. "Whatever kind of spanking you decide to give me."

"You brat," I said and gave her bare bottom another smack, "get up, put
your breasts back into your top, put your shorts back on, and, when you've
finished collecting yourself, come back to the kitchen and finish your
coffee."

After that spanking, Susan was much more careful with her checking
account. Eventually, I did have to spank her for overdrawing it again, but
that wasn't until a long time later.
