Tad's hands were shaking as he handed a wad of dollar bills to Cherry.

"That's nineteen, and, uh, I got the rest right here..." He mumbled as he began 
to fish around in his right pocket for the last dollar, which was made up of 
many coins that jingled heavily as he tried to scoop them out.

Cherry quickly counted the wad of money, and when she saw the trouble the 
nervous little boy was going to for his last dollar, she reached out and touched 
his wriggling wrist.

"That's OK,"  Cherry said gently, surmising that the money had been hard-earned, 
probably saved up just for losing his virginity to her.  "I'm gonna give you a 
dollar-off special today."

"Uh... thanks," he mumbled shyly, looking down at her hand lingering on his 
wrist, his hand still in his pocket.  Now that the payment was made, he hadn't 
the slightest idea what to do with the teenage prostitute.

The two were standing inside the door of the run-down motel room that the girl 
shared with her mother.  She was known among the boys at his junior high as the 
"cherry picker" because she only did boys once, for $20, and only if she thought 
they were virgins.  Several of his friends had lost the cherries to her, and had 
dared him to do the same.  It had taken the twelve-year-old over a month to save 
up the money, mainly because he was so shy with girls that he dreaded the day 
when he finally did have it all.  Only the constant encouragement of his 
friends, and their vivid descriptions of their experiences, had kept him at it.  
They had accompanied him to the motel and watched from across the street as he 
had come inside.

Cherry was pleased with her latest client.  He looked extremely small and 
vulnerable, just the way she liked them.  She knew that she would be in complete 
control of this timid boy.  She had been servicing junior high virgins since 
shortly after she was date-raped by a sixteen-year-old a few months ago.  She 
had hated the helplessness she had felt during the experience, but loved the 
sex.  Now she had found a way to have sex with complete control of the 
situation, and make good money at it, too.

Cherry smiled at the nervous boy and began to rub her hand up and down his arm 
in a slow, sensual caress.  The boy shuddered and gulped audibly, staring at his 
toes.

"You ever felt a girl's titty, Boy?"  Cherry always called her clients 'Boy'.

The tawny-haired head in front of her shook in response, and Cherry pulled at 
his wrist so that the hand emerged from his pocket and went inside her bathrobe 
to her bare titty.  She always greeted her clients in nothing but a bathrobe.  
It simplified things greatly.  Likewise, boys wanting to do business with her 
had to dress in wide, baggy shorts and no underwear.  When they met her in the 
nearby park, they had to sit somewhere nearby and position themselves in a way 
that clearly displayed their boyhood to her.  If she met their eye and nodded, 
the deal was on and they were to discretely follow her home.  The site of this 
boy's plump, rosy nutsack was still vivid in her mind's eye.

The boy gave a loud sigh as he felt her smooth, pliant breast against his 
fingers.  He forgot his shyness and brought his head up to stare hungrily at the 
flesh beneath his hand.  Cherry was pleased to see a nice little tent instantly 
appear in the boy's shorts.  She wanted to grab it, but restrained herself so 
that she could enjoy the anticipation, and the swelling in her loins that came 
with it.

She guided his hand and taught him how to palm her swelling nipple while 
squeezing her breast with his fingers.  When he got the hang of it, she pulled 
at the other side of the robe, inviting him to do the same with her other 
breast.  She watched brown his eyes light up with excited lust as he began to 
knead her breasts with both hands.  She flung her head back and closed her eyes, 
relishing the sensations this innocent little boy was giving to her.

His hot breath against her sternum brought finally her back to the situation.  
He had unconsciously brought his face to within a few inches of her chest, his 
pink tongue licking hungrily at his wet, rosy little lips.  She wondered how 
long it would take for his lust to win out over his timidness and take a tit 
into his mouth, but was filled with too much of her own desire to wait and find 
out.

She grabbed the back of his head and pulled his wet mouth to her right nipple.  
"Lick me, Boy, suck me good!"  She panted, her head again falling back and 
swinging from side to side at the boy eagerly lapped at her tit with his whole 
tongue.  She shuddered and shook as he wetted her entire globe with his 
bountiful saliva.

"Aaah, aaah, aaah," he bleated as he licked away, making her nipple throb with 
its desire to be sucked long and hard.

"Uhhh!  Geez, Boy, lick my fuckin' titty.  God, that feels good!"  She panted as 
she rubbed the back of his head, crushing his face against her.  His hot breath 
puffed more and more quickly, drying his saliva almost as fast as he 
administered it.

She felt his tented shorts butt against her robe, crushing it against her 
drooling cunt.  Her hands began to move downward, over his bony shoulders and 
across his sharply jutting shoulder blades.  Now he began to suck her nipple 
with savage, pubescent hunger.  He took the whole thing into his mouth, then 
slurped on it loudly as it pulled out of his tightly pressed lips until the 
erect nipple scraped between his gently nibbling front teeth.  Pleasure arced 
through her slender body, send her hips into wild gyrations that brought her 
into ever increasing contact with his jutting hard-on.

"Yeah, oh yeaaaaah!  Suck that titty, Boy!  Make me cum all over myself!"  She 
cried out as he slurped noisily away, lost in the new sensations.  Her cunt was 
juicing profusely, now, dampening the sparse hairs at the entrance and smearing 
her thighs.

She groaned loudly as her hand reached his small, firm buttocks and squeezed 
them harshly, pulling his hips toward her inflamed loins. She managed to part 
her robe and let the tented material scrape against her inflamed clitty.  The 
boy's hips began to jerk spasmodically as he felt his swollen glans rubbing 
against the wet, throbbing button through the cloth.  His mouth darted over to 
the other tit and began to devour it.  He couldn't keep his mouth fastened on 
it, however, as his mouth kept opening to emit his high-pitched grunts of 
pleasure, which were coming faster and faster as his hips began to gyrate wildly 
against her wet crotch.

Cherry knew the inexperienced boy was quickly losing control.  She couldn't 
blame him since she was in a frenzy herself.  Fortunately, the boy had an 
elastic waste band or she would never have gotten the little hard-on out before 
he delivered his precious little load.  His grunts became a continuos squeal of 
ecstasy as he felt his pricklet bounce free and smack against her clammy wet 
twat.  Little white globs of hot boy jizz began to sprinkle the slimy door of 
her love tunnel, clit, and cunt lips before she got her hand up to press it 
tightly into the cleft while he slowly rubbed it back and forth as it oozed his 
sweet fluid, smearing her wet crack and mingling with her own dripping juices.  
His mouth had dropped her nipple, and his smooth cheek lay against her mound as 
his quick pants warmed the surrounding skin.

She held his cocklet tightly against her cunny until his hips ground to a halt, 
and his smooth little erection began to wilt.  Then she wrapped her arms around 
him as he slumped against her and helped him over to her bed, letting him lay 
back with his feet on the floor.

As the overcome boy lay gathering his breath, Cherry took the opportunity to 
kneel down between his parted knees and closely examine his boyish equipment.  
No boy cock looked the same, and she relished the variety.  She thought she had 
seen every combination of bald or hairy, big or little cocks and balls, yet none 
was like any she had seen before.  Each one was a wonderful new toy, so 
different from all the rest.  The other whores in her motel were bored with 
their jobs, seeing one big, hairy set of cock and balls after another.  Staring 
at this latest miracle of boy flesh, she vowed never to give up these sweet-
smelling, gentle young boys.

The young scrotum draped loosely over his ass crack, the pale white flesh around 
his jelly-bean sized nuggets hanging about three inches below the base of his 
dicklet.  The stretched, empty part of his scrotum was a beautiful dark pink 
color that spread up the underside of his semi-erect penis.  Not a hair was 
visible anywhere on his sac or at the base of his cock.  His nutsac seemed to 
start at a point above the base of his stalk, creating a puffy arc over the top.  
His poker lay along his abdomen, about three slender inches in its present 
state, which she figured to be about the size of a roll of nickels when hard.

She wrapped her hands around the boy's bony pelvis and brought her tongue to the 
delicate balls and began to lick them gently.  Her tongue was tickled by the 
tiniest of peach fuzz as it caressed his sensitive nuts, bringing forth a soft 
moan from the youngster as his scrotum wrinkled and tightened with the 
stimulation.  She was pleased to note the pricklet become instantly hard, as 
well.

She sniffed deeply as she lapped at his precious jewels and reveled in the light 
musky scent of his loins.  The boy's hips began to churn with his renewed 
arousal, and she moved her tongue upward toward the instrument of her pleasure.  
She pressed her tongue lightly along the soft urethra that ran the length of his 
stalk, coaxing a small bead of clear pre-cum out of the tip to be lapped up as 
she reached the tip.  The boy began to moan more forcefully and shake his head 
from side to side, lost in his pleasure.  His hips bucked harder as he 
instinctively sought a tight, wet home for his horny little prick.

Tad gasped, and Sherry moaned softly as her wet lips trapped the boy's cock tip 
in their hungry embrace.  More watery boy-semen oozed onto her waiting tongue as 
his balls churned and became rock-hard along the base of his straining member.  
The taste and smell were driving her wild.  Her cunt muscles spasmed as they 
tried to grip onto something.  The contractions were forcing waves of cunt 
juices out of her canal and down her thighs.  Desire overcame her, and she 
released his dripping cocklet from her mouth.

"Unnnnnhhhhh," the boy groaned at the loss of sensation as a hot new load was 
fighting for release.

"Ohhhhhh," the girl whimpered as she gazed hungrily at the wet tool.  
Desperately, she climbed onto him and planted her hungry little twat over the 
trembling, dripping glans.  It went in easily, making a loud slurping sound as 
it parted the wet, sticky walls of her overheated love box.  They ground their 
pelvises together roughly, each trying to get the boy-meat as far into her girl-
flesh as possible.  She clamped her sphincter tightly at the base of his 
pricklet, causing its tip to bounce around in her womb as they ground together.  
The velvety wetness of her cunt walls rippled along his boyhood as her cunt 
muscles finally found something to wrap around.  There was no in-and-out 
movement, just the wobbling around of the boy's prick head in her uterus as 
their tense bodies heaved against each other, each quickly building up to an 
explosive climax.

Tad came first.  With a high-pitched yelp, his lust-filled eyes fixed on the 
jiggling jugs above him, he spurted deep into her loins.  His thin stream of boy 
juice splashed hotly against her deepest reaches, setting off a cunt-wrenching 
series of orgasmic spasms that nearly tore his cock off.  Cherry screamed loudly 
as her body began to convulse with wave after wave of ecstasy.  Each weak spurt 
of the young boy's dicklet set off a new series of spasms even before the 
previous ones had ended, bringing her to a height of frenzy she'd never hit 
before.  Their combined juices sprayed from the tight juncture of their bodies, 
bathing his balls and bottom in a warm coating of pungent goo.

Their releases lasted far longer than the joining that had brought them, as each 
youngster voided every sexual reservoir in their small bodies.  When Tad's mind 
emerged from behind its veil of passion and his soft, tingling tool was resting 
comfortably inside her slimy snatch, he decided that he'd gotten his money's 
worth, and that losing his cherry to Cherry hadn't been so bad after all.
