	The planning meeting was scheduled for 12:01 p.m. in the
afternoon with Mistress Fallon.  The slaves were anxiously awaiting
her arrival and their new mission.  This time Mistress Fallon had a
challenge like none they had ever seen before.  It seems her plans
were for them to go out and find a young innocent woman, of legal age,
preferably a virgin, who was willing to agree to a variety of
non-determined, safe sexual acts.

	Mistress Fallon started the meeting and gave the "boys"
enough details for them to complete the initial stages of the mission.
She began by describing the "type" of woman she was looking for.  She
needed someone who would be willing to be restrained and who would
accept whatever she told the "boys" to do.  She also needed to be
bisexual or at least curious enough to accept Mistress Fallon's
attention towards her.

	So, they set out on their mission.  Actually the "boys" were
unsure where to look for this pure but willing slavegirl their
Mistress had so clearly defined.  They wanted to please Mistress
Fallon but definitely found this request challenging.  They decided to
check out the local bi scene personals in the newspaper and actually
ran across a personal ad that appealed to them.  So they immediately
rang up the phone number to receive the announcement "Hello, my name
is Honey and I would really like to talk with you, so please leave
your name and number and I'll call you back."  One of the "boys" had a
separate apartment and phone so they left the number and went to his
house to wait for her call.  From her ad that said "adventerous
inexeperienced curious bi woman seeks fun from an assortment of
people..." they knew that she may just be what their Mistress was
looking for.  She called and they met.  They explained that they would
like to take her to meet a friend of theirs and although she didn't
know at that point their complete plan of action, she agreed that
anything goes as long as it was fun, exciting and safe.  Little did
she know she was in the midst of a kidnapping for their beloved S&M
Mistress and leader.  They loved their Mistress so and would do
anything she asked as they knew she always gave such good rewards.

They made their way back to the rusty garage where Mistress Fallon
always met her new slaves.  They took her into the garage and called
Mistress Fallon from the downstairs phone.  They told her they had
found the woman she had requested and were downstairs awaiting her
arrival.  She informed them to chain the woman to the hooks hanging
down from the ceiling and place her back against the wall and that
they should imagine themselves having sex with her.  She warned them
that they needed to use whatever methods necessary and create a
situation where they would be making love to this new potential
slavegirl.  Her plans were that the male slaves would take her as she
watched and afterwards she would introduce herself and her whip to the
woman.  No one asked the woman's real name and Mistress Fallon never
even asked her name at all, actually Mistress Fallon appreciated
annonymity and really liked not knowing much about her slaves except
that they obeyed and did as she asked.  She came down and informed the
woman that she was ordering the male slaves to take turns and do
whatever they desired to her, that she had been chosen as a special
treat for for her by them and she was so delighted in their
accomplishments that she was giving them her as their reward but that
she was going to watch.  She also told her that if her "boys" didn't
behave that she would take care of it and show them the correct way to
treat a lady.  


The "boys" began to touch Honey, at first one at a time carressing her
tits and running their hands all over her body.  Then they began to
line up preparing to fuck her as the Mistress had ordered.   Mistress
Fallon told them she had to stay chained up and that they could each
fuck her as long as they used a condom.  Mistress Fallon began
cracking her whip against the floor saying "take her", I want to see
you fuck her, fuck her now, all of you, fuck her cunt.  Honey had
never been fucked before and was trembling all over not knowing what
to except from the line of "boys" who now stand in front of her.  She
was deleriuos from the sounds of Mistress Fallon's voice and the hands
all over her body.  She was wanting to feel more, she wanted to know
what "fuck" meant, she wanted them but she didn't know exactly what
that meant.  They began to show her one at a time.  The first in line
moved up to her and spread her legs open wide, saying "come on spread
em, spread em open...", "yes, yes, that's it Mistress Fallon moaned..
Slowly he took his cock and pushed it against Honey's tight young
cunt, pushing in breaking the barrier that lay between Honey and her
womanhood, ah, "ouch, ouch, she screamed...." but Mistress Fallon told
her it would be okay and that it would feel better the more she did it
and that she was going to make sure she did it a lot today.  He then
continued to fuck her gently until he pulled out and came.  All the
other slaves were so turned on now by the initial scene that they
couldn't wait to get their hands and cocks all over and inside Honey's
tight cunt.  Honey, still dangling from the ceiling looked so hot,
liked she was just their to please them, they were so turned on, so
they continued one at a time fucking her, obeying their Mistress'
orders.  Then after all of them had her and she had made them come
with her tight newly fucked cunt, Mistress Fallon walked over carrying
her riding crop along beside her.  She ordered her "boys" to turn the
girl around, face to the wall.  They obeyed.  Honey was a bit nervous
but accomodating.  She moved around and let them chain her face
against the wall.  Mistress Fallon pushed her against the wall hard.
She took the riding crop and gently ran it up between her legs, gently
grazing her freshly fucked cunt.  As the crop came out from behind she
began to softly whip it against Honey's thin curvy ass.  Honey jumped
and moaned.  They had earlier established a safeword so Mistress
Fallon would know if it was necessary for her to stop.  She continued
to snap the crop against her ass, a lil harder with each swat and then
move it down between her legs again.  Mistress Fallon reached around
in front of her and took her small tit and nipple in one hand and
began to pinch as she slowly humped against her ass.  She then began
to stroke her beautiful curvy body all over with both hands.  Her
slave "boys" began to move closer to her to watch and she ordered them
to sit down in case she once again needed their services.  

Mistress Fallon began to nibble on Honey's neck while continuing to
pinch her nipples, she then began to move her hands downward and into
Honey's wetness, still humping against her ass.  She ordered one of
the "boys" to get her Cat O Nine Tails for her and as he returned she
took it and slowly began swatting Honey with it across her back and
ass.  Honey's ass was nice and pink and Mistress Fallon knew how
wonderful  it would be too see her fucked up the ass so she ordered
one of her slaves to put on a condom and slowly slide his cock in and
out of her ass just for a minute.  Honey's screams were more than she
could bear though so she told him to stop.  She then stooped down
under Honey and pushed her legs open wide, she looked up at Honey's
fresly fucked pussy and wanted to taste her many juices.  She thought
to herself is this what they mean by "cherry" juice......  Ah, she
tasted her wetness and licked Honey's clit and cunt until she came.
Mistress Fallon then got up and gave Honey one last good whipping.
Mistress Fallon then explained that Honey would now be a welcome slave
girl in her garage any time and that she would always be a special
slave to Mistress Fallon....as it was the first time she had ever
tasted such wonderful Cherry juice!!!!

The End.



