Chest
by deirdre

I work as one of the secretaries in a local firm.  I'm pretty good 
looking, slender and sexy though my chest is rather flat.  You might 
think this would bother me, but I've found plenty of men who don't 
mind a flat chest, and even a few that seem to prefer one. Some time 
ago, Mandy came to work as a secretary, sharing the reception area 
with me, and she is NOT what you would call flat-chested.  That 
didn't bother me, but her mouth did: she tended to tease me and make 
fun of my flat chest.  She was always talking about my "problem" and 
about how sad it was that life was passing me by!  And that it was 
sad that I didn't know what it was like to be a real woman, or have a 
real man!  I could cheerfully strangle her, but I had to make the best 
of things because I know someone of that type gets satisfaction 
from any reaction you offer.  And the most frustrating thing was 
that it was true that I only got an occasional date whereas she 
usually had a boyfriend, and when she didn't, she was still being 
asked out on dates all the time.  When any of her boyfriends came to 
the office, she was sure to mention my "problem", and the jerks sat 
there smirking or even added comments of their own.

Well, after she had been going out for a while with her present 
boyfriend, she invited me over to her apartment for dinner and to 
meet him.  Of course I went since I didn't want to let her know that 
her comments irked me.  Well, that night she kept her comments up 
all through dinner, and her boyfriend, Robert was kind enough not to 
smile, but he was unreadable and I was terribly embarrassed about 
what he might be thinking.  However, something made me suspect he 
found me attractive, despite Mandy's comments.

Well, I have to admit, Mandy had prepared a great dinner and we all 
imbibed a healthy amount of wine.  But Mandy was still making her 
comments after we brought our wine back to her living room, and I 
was getting so I was ready to explode!  I couldn't imagine what 
Robert was thinking.  Well, when Mandy excused herself to go the 
bathroom, the devil made me try to show her up.  As soon as she was 
out of the room, I went after Robert like I'd never done in my life!  I 
stood up and walked over to him in my sexiest walk, and giving him 
my most evil smile, reached down and rubbed his crotch.  Then, 
without taking my hand off his cock, I knelt down and kissed him, 
aggressively pushing my tongue in his mouth as much as he would let 
me.  It worked--he responded!  It was my fantasy to have Mandy 
come back in the room and see how easily her "poor friend" could 
lure Robert away from her.  I couldn't wait!

Well, Mandy came back in, and I glanced over to her as best I could, 
but couldn't see her expression, so I broke the kiss and looked at her 
with my "guilty" face.  She looked amused!  I wanted anger, but 
somehow she stayed cool and just laughed at us!  "So Joan's trying to 
prove that she can steal a man from me even with no boobs!" she 
finally said, giggling.  It wasn't turning out the way I wanted it to.  
Inside, I fumed, but I kept myself together as well as I could.  Then 
she said "I guess I have to show you what you're missing" and she 
started unbuttoning her blouse!  I was so surprised I just stared at 
her, and in a few seconds, I was staring at her naked chest!

Well, I just stared and stared--I couldn't believe it!  It wasn't that 
they were huge--they were a bit large--it was that they were so 
perfectly shaped!  Obviously, she could wear all kinds of sexy 
clothing I could never think of wearing.  She could model!  She could 
model in a men's magazine, or for bras or swimsuits.  As I stared, 
she walked over to Robert and me and stood above where we were 
sitting, so her breasts were close enough that I could just reach out 
and touch one.  "Would you like to touch one?"  she asked me as if she 
was reading my mind.  I just sat there, dumbstruck.  Finally, she took 
my hand and lifted it and put it on one of her breasts.  They were so 
soft and silky.  I just felt the skin, then I began to message, gently.  
We stayed like that for a few minutes--I was transfixed.  Finally, 
she said "Would you like to kiss them?"  She gently pulled my head 
towards them, and soon I was sucking on a nipple like a baby!  I 
couldn't get enough!

I just sucked and sucked.  I noticed that Robert was taking off my 
skirt, but I didn't care.  Sucking on those perfect breasts was all I 
could think about!  Soon I realized I was naked, and Robert was 
pushing a lubricated finger in my ass.  I just listened to his 
instructions and did whatever he said, but all I really wanted to 
think about was those perfect breasts that I was kissing.

Well, for the rest of the evening, while I was sucking on Mandy's 
beautiful breasts, Robert played silly games with my body--Mandy 
gave him ideas too.  They liked the idea of Robert whipping me with 
a belt, and seemed especially amused when they got me to ask for 
the whip in order to get Mandy to allow me to suck some more.  I 
stayed the night, laying in bed with them, sucking Mandy's breasts 
all night as Robert continued to get his jollies fucking my body both 
back and front.

Well, the rest of the week, they had me over every night, and they 
were amused by the "training" they were doing--they had more and 
more things they wanted me to do before they'd let me suck.  I didn't 
really care about that stuff, I just couldn't get enough of those 
beautiful breasts.  Now they say I'm trained, and they let me suck 
Mandy's breasts about once a week--the rest of the time I just do 
what they say.  How I look forward to my opportunities to suck them!

At work, Mandy demands my obedience whenever no one is around.  
Once, after she had been down the hall for a while, she brought back 
Charlene, who works in another office.  Charlene said "OK, show me!" 
and Mandy told me to get down on the floor and kiss her shoes.  She 
and Robert had trained me to do this though she had never given me 
orders like that in front of anyone other than Robert.  I did it--it 
didn't really matter to me as much as the opportunity to kiss those 
luscious breasts again.  Charlene was looking amused when I 
stopped.  Mandy said "Up on your knees and put your hands behind your 
head!"  I'd also been trained to do that, and complied instantly.  They 
left the office, giggling.  Soon I got tired of kneeling like that and 
went back to work.  Since then, Mandy has been bolder at work--she 
manages to get some of my clothes off or to whip me a bit--and 
several times, she has given me a bare-assed spanking while I laid 
over her lap.  I worry a bit about someone finding us, but mostly I 
just stare at her chest every chance I get, and dream about my next 
opportunity.
