CHICKEN-FIGHT BLASTOFF
by David Rider

     A lot of gay guys are into wrestling. My college roommate was; the body
contact turned him on and I guess that motivation contributed to his success on
the wrestling team. That was before Nautilus machines, and he and his teammates
used to use each other as live weight for exercises, partly because wrestlers
have to be able to withstand their opponents' weight without crumpling.

     I'll never forget the first night he asked me to help him out with
exercises in our room while we were lounging around in our jockey shorts. Ray
was well over six feet and very muscular, and when I jumped astride his back as
he bent over to do the "donkey" calf exercise I could feel his muscles moving
between my bare thighs as he rose up and down on his toes. But the real treat
was mounting his shoulders, straddling the back of his powerful neck with my
legs gripping his sides and my feet tucked behind his back, while he did squats
and then lunges, going forward with each leg in turn. I always loved riding
piggyback, and those strong neck muscles moving in my crotch were an incredible
turnon, and in no time I was hard. Fortunately he loved being straddled, and he
got turned on as well.

     This led to a lot of fun, as you can imagine. One of the times I remember
best was when I visited Ray during the summer at his folks' beach house. The
evening I arrived he had two other friends already there. One I knew: Rocky was
a heavily-muscled Italian, a member of Ray's wrestling team with thick, curly
black hair that contrasted sharply with Ray's blond good looks. Rocky's friend
Chip was younger, just a freshman, and a lot smaller. He turned out to be a
runner and a gymnast, and his nice compact build looked good in his white
Speedos, but he was even shorter than I. I lost no time in stripping to my own
Speedos, pulling them up so that the smooth nylon felt nice and tight; I was
into swimming and horseback riding and liked the way my lean, taut body looked
and felt in the brief blue swimsuit. I followed the others out to the private
beach and in no time we were in the water horsing around -- literally.

     Ray and I knew what we liked, so it was no surprise when he dove down
behind me, grabbed my hips, ducked his head between my thighs, and pressed his
neck up into my crotch, standing up with me riding his shoulders. I really
loved it, and it was my good luck that he felt the same way. Chip stared for a
moment, watching me wriggling into position, centering my weight astride Ray,
and gripping his sides with my legs as Ray jumped around a bit beneath me.
"Hey, that looks like fun," he finally, yelled. "How about a chicken fight?"

     Rocky was certainly willing. He bent his knees a bit, and Chip put his
hands on the big bodybuilder's shoulders and vaulted quickly astride his neck,
tucked his feet behind Rocky's back like an experienced shoulder jockey, and
was ready to attack. I really liked the way he looked astride Rocky's neck, but
I had little time to admire his riding form before Rocky and Ray plowed into
each other, and Chip and I started trying to unseat each other. Ray and Rocky
wrapped muscled arms around our legs as we struggled, and as I managed to trap
Chip in a brief headlock, Ray's hands moved up to grip my thighs, pressing them
tighter astride his neck. As Chip and I tried two twist each other off our
mounts' shoulders, Chip grabbed me in a bear hug, which forced Ray and Rocky to
slam into each other in order to keep their balance, chest to chest and basket
to basket. We were all laughing like crazy, but I became aware of the two
wrestlers' motion below, muscle grinding against muscle and crotch against
crotch. As Ray and I we finally pulled free in the shallow surf, with both
riders still astride, I noticed that Rocky's bull meat was beginning to make a
very noticeable bulge in his black Speedos. In fact, it was clearly on its way
straight up and beginning to fight the pressure of the drawstring. In seconds
the four of us were at it again, with the slap of hands and arms mixing with
the thud of Rocky's and Ray's sturdy bodies bumping into each other again and
again. I couldn't help noticing that Rocky's cock was getting really hard, even
beginning to work its way up out of his Speedos. Chip grabbed my hair, but even
as I yelled "Foul!" my impatience for Ray to move in closer made me thrust my
hips forward against the back of his head, and it had the effect it always
does: I was getting hard as hell.

     At this point Ray and Rocky tripped over each other's feet and the four of
us were dunked. But not for long -- by common consent, Chip and I switched
mounts, both of us springing to our "horses'" shoulders. "You feel good up
there," Rocky told me. "I feel GREAT up here," I replied, settling in astride
his muscular neck, and noticing that I could just barely feel the bristle of
his curly hair through my thin Speedos. But we were at it again. By this time
it was clear that Chip, too, was getting a hardon. Watching this compact,
well-built boy jockeying Ray's shoulders with his growing boner coming into
view with every bounce added to my own excitement, but it wasn't long before we
were floundering again in the surf.

     By now we were all hard. I suspect this was a new experience for Chip, but
kids his age are easily turned on, and he was staring more and more at my own
hardon, which had found its way over the top of my Speedos and had begun making
an appearance among Rocky's black curls as I rode him. Ray said "Let's get out
of these suits. I want to feel you guys riding us bareback!"

     That was all I needed to hear to put the finishing touches on my hardon.
Rocky ducked between Chip's bare thighs just as I felt Ray's neck rise into my
own bare crotch, and in no time we were mounted again, hot naked jockeys
astride our powerful, equally excited mounts. Their excitement made Ray and
Rocky a bit unsteady, and Chip and I had to grab our "horses" heads and grip
squeeze our thighs tightly astride their necks to keep our seats. Chip grabbed
a handful of Rocky's hair even as I pulled Ray's head back against my hot rod.
Our balls, now resting naked on our mounts' backs, were tickled by their hair,
and again I felt Ray's strong hands gripping my thighs.

     It wasn't much of a fight. The "horses'" cocks were bobbing in and out of
the water, Ray's the longest, but Rocky's thicker and heavily veined. Chip and
I were very excited too, but I had ridden Ray like this before and decided I
wanted a little variety. "Let's switch mounts again!" I suggested. Chip was all
for it, and quickly jumped off Rocky's shoulders. I swung one bare leg around
so that I was straddling one of Ray's thick shoulders, and he raised his arm to
press against my back, which pushed my crotch tight up against his neck and my
cock against his ear. Then he let me slide down his arm to dismount. Chip
jumped quickly on Ray's shoulders, wiggling delightedly into position, but I
mounted Rocky the way I had dismounted from Ray, first straddling his left
shoulder, gripping Rocky's big chest and back between my thighs, then swinging
my right leg around his neck and thus mounting his broad shoulders, a very
turned-on naked jockey astride a very willing mount.

     Ray and Rocky lost no time, and began jerking each other off. Chip, unable
to hold Ray's smooth blond hair, had to wrap an arm around and under the big
stud's chin. Chip began moaning as he thrust his hips against Ray's neck and
head, his cock mashed between Ray's head and his own belly with each thrust,
his bare thighs tightening spasmodically. He reached down to grab one of Ray's
hard pecs, and Ray flexed his pecs for his frenzied young rider, gripping
Chip's thighs with his big hands. Suddenly Chip yelled out in ecstasy and a
long spurt of cum shot past Ray's ear into the surf. Chip went limp and leaned
forward on Ray, just as Ray and Rocky exploded simultaneously beneath us.

     It was incredible. I had held out as long as I could, but by now I was
humping madly astride Rocky, my hands buried in his thick hair, and he twisted
his head against my iron-hard cock as I rode him so that I found myself
alternately fucking the back of his head, then his ear, then the other side of
his head. Rocky let go of Ray's cock and began stroking my thighs, heightening
my pleasure, and my own spasms began as I humped astride Rocky's smooth, strong
neck, feeling the muscles move against my cock as my balls bounced on his
shoulders, until a long cascade of jism arced over the top of his head into the
water. Soon after, we were sprawled, exhausted, on the beach -- but it was an
unforgettable ride.
