
                            CHICAGO FANTASY - PART ONE
             For C.B.F. on cold Chicago nights...my fantasy of her...

I am in your bed. I am naked. I have showered and my skin is clean and smooth
and fresh smelling.  My hair is perhaps still a bit damp.  I lie under crisp,
clean sheets listening to the water  run as you shower, preparing yourself.  I
try not to think about what is to come, but i can't help listening for the
water to stop, knowing you are out of the shower and closer to being with me.
I feel my cock begin to get hard and i try to clear my mind of all
expectations.  I don't want it hard now.  I want you to feel it grow to meet
your touch.  I relax for a moment.  The sound of the water stops.  The sheets
feel wonderful against my skin.  Every inch of my body feels sensitive and
eager.  There is a momentary flash of light as you open the bathroom door, then
you turn off the light and there is only the glow of the candles.  I can feel
you walking toward the bed and i anticipate the sound and sensations of you
joining me.  I hear the sheets being pulled back, feel you getting into the bed
and the brush of a thigh, then a breast against me.  You place one hand on my
back and rub slowly, comfortingly. "Yes, that feels good."  You continue to
massage my back, the nape of my neck and my shoulders.  You softly kiss my
shoulder, then my back, and your lips follow your hand down my back, over my
ass and on to the back of my legs.  I spread my legs slightly as your hand
comes up the inside of my thigh and brushes gently by my balls and then traces
a line up between my buttocks.  I cannot resist any longer and I turn over.
"Slowly.  Tease me."  You kiss my chest, and run your hand down my side,
avoiding my cock.  I ache with the wonderful torture of it.  Just as I think
I'll not be able to stand another second of it, you touch my cock with your arm
as your hand sweeps across my chest, and you move down and I feel the light
touch of your lips on the shaft of my cock, low near my balls.  Your hand moves
down caressingly between my cock and my belly.  As your lips kiss up the shaft,
your hand slowly raises my cock upright.  I feel the touch of your lips teasing
the head.  Then the flick of your tongue teases and i feel the occasional nip
of your teeth on the sensitive underside of my cock.

I reach out and caress your buttocks and slowly work my fingers toward the
inside of your thighs.  You move to make the reach easier as I tease your soft,
warm skin. I reach your cunt but only brush my hand lightly across the hair,
but with every slow playful pass, the pressure of my hand is slightly greater,
the intent more obvious.  Eventually I touch the lips of your cunt and allow
the tip of one finger to feel the line of it.  Softly, slowly I toy with it.  I
move my finger into it just a bit more and bring some of the moisture out and
spread it over the outer lips. I feel your lips and tongue on the head of my
cock.  You don't take it into your mouth, but just play with it.  I am getting
very aroused, and don't want to go any farther myself, for the moment, so I
reach down and gently pull you up to me. We lie together hugging and kissing
deeply.  I move my head down to your breast and slowly circle the nipple with
my tongue.  As i hold one breast up to my mouth, my other hand moves to caress
you between your legs.  Your cunt is now very wet and your hips have to move,
letting me know that the caresses can be even deeper and firmer.  I take your
nipple into my mouth and flick it with my tongue.  I am amazed at how hard it
is, and I take the hard tip between my teeth. I release it, flick it with my
tongue, then softly rub my lips across it..  Your hand is on the back of my
head.  At first it is just caressing, but now it becomes demanding, pushing my
face to your breast, as your hips push against my hand. You moan, then urge my
head up, and pull me to you and we kiss.  "What do you want?" I ask.  You
answer, "You know." "No, you have to ask for it."  "Use your mouth."  "What?"I
ask, "What do you mean?"  You smile up at me, and with a slight shyness, you
say, "Eat me.  Put your tongue in my cunt.  Rub my clit with your thumb, and
then pull my cunt open and lick it. "Oh! Use my mouth!"  We laugh. You kiss and
bite my ear and say, with no hint of laughter or tease, "Yes, please, eat me
and make me cum with your mouth."

I kiss your face and move slowly down to your neck, your breasts and over your
belly with my lips. And now i smell the hot, pungent odor of you.  My mouth
feels the coarse hair and my tongue searches through it searching out the
clearing in the forest...seeking the softwethot cunt that awaits.


                            CHICAGO FANTASY - PART TWO

I move down.  You spread your legs as I slowly kiss my way between them.  With
my thumbs I gently spread the lips of your cunt. Softly, with just my lips, I
taste the soft lips of it. My tongue brushes over your clit.  You moan and push
your hips upward.  I suck gently on your clit as I had on your tits...sucking
then licking, then just brushing my lips across it. You back arches slowly
pressing your cunt against my mouth.  My hands move around to you ass and the
fingers work into the crack of it.  As your hips move down, my fingers gently
pull the cheeks of your ass apart and I work my fingers in more deeply.  As
your back arches and you move up, I work my tongue deeper into the softer,
hotter parts of your cunt.  I become drunk with the perfume of your cunt. Your
movements become more demanding.  Yes, yes...I'm going to come."  I hear you
whisper between breaths.  But you don't right away.  I move my head back and
forth so that my mouth will be all over your cunt.  I move one hand deeply into
the crack of your ass and bring the thumb up so that it slides into your cunt,
as the index finger presses against the hole of your ass.  Your hips buck and
each time it moves down the tip on my finger slides deeper into your ass. My
thumb is all the way in your cunt and I feel you grind your hips in a circle as
I concentrate my tongue on your clit.  Suddenly your body stiffens, you moan,
and I hold your clit in my mouth without moving.  Your body relaxes and
stiffens a few times as the waves of the orgasm flow through you.  Finally you
relax completely and i gently kiss the insides of your thigh and slowly remove
my fingers from your ass and cunt.  I leave a gentle kiss on the sweet, hot
lips as I move up to hold and caress you softly in the afterglow. We kiss and
you can smell yourself on my face and in my beard.  We rest.

"I want to play with your my new toy."  I say, and reach for the vibrator I
bought for you.  You tell me that you forgot to buy lubricant.  "Lubricant?
BUY lubricant?!  Why BUY lubricant?!  You have enough of the natural stuff down
there to lube a Buick for life.  You could take care of every car in the Indy
500...not to mention the drivers!  There's more grease down there right now
than Mr. Goodwrench sees in a year!"  We laugh.  We laugh a lot. We laugh so
much that we have to rest...again.

Orgasms and laughter.  Natural.  One hundred percent pure. No additives.  No
preservatives.  Good for the lungs, heart and all major muscle groups.  Natural
up and downs.  Lose the pills and the booze and the smokes.  Safe and legal
[mostly] and cheap.  Do 'em alone or with friends.  Laughs and orgasms.
Orgasms and laughs.  Give 'em and get 'em. Be the first on your block to
collect the whole set!

"Let me do you, now." you say.  Always the gentleman, I agree to give you your
wish. I respond, "Tell me what you want to do." "No. You have to ask me for
what you want."  I love this. You turn my own game against me.  Wonderful! You
are just as big a tease as I am. "I want to tie you up, because I know you like
that, and then I want to use your whole body, but especially your mouth, to
make my cock feel good.  And I want to cum in your cunt, on your tits and in
your mouth...for starters."

I kiss you and feel your hands on my back and on my ass.  You pull me up to
you.  I am on my knees next to your face.  You look at my hard cock and smile
up at me.  As your hand reaches over to cup my balls, I bring an extra pillow
under your head, and brush your sweet cheek with the back of my hand. Your
other hand guides the head of my cock toward your lips.  I grab my cock near
the base of the shaft and move it so that the head rubs your cheek and then
across your lips. I move it back and forth across your mouth.  Your tongue
licks out at it and your hand presses from the top of the shaft to make the
contact firmer.  Your mouth opens to take the head of my cock in.  The hand
that cups my balls begins to caress the sensitive area behind them, and to
tease it's way toward my ass.  "Not yet."  I say and hold the wrist of the hand
near my asshole. "Too exciting.  Save it for later." You concentrate on working
on my cock with your mouth and hand.  You look up at me again as you take the
head deeper into your mouth, then pull it out slowly, licking the tip good-bye.
I want to ram it in as far as I can, but I just push my hips forward and watch
you suck it into your mouth again.  I place my hand softly on your cheek and
watch my cock as it gets wetter and moves between your lips.  Heat travels from
my cock and up my back.  You concentrate more with your hand just behind the
head, and with each stroke, my cock goes in deeper. The nerves in my cock feel
ready to explode and you move your hand away from around my cock so you can
take the whole length of it in.  I pull my cock out of your mouth slowly, not
wanting to cum yet.

                           CHICAGO FANTASY - PART THREE

I move over you and straddle you across your belly, and bend over and give each
of your nipples a light kiss and a lick. Then I move up so that my cock is
between your beautiful, large tits. I take your hands and make you squeeze your
tits around my cock as I fuck between them.  Occasionally I push forward enough
so that your mouth can reach my cock to moisten it, then I move down and rub my
cock hard across your nipples then between your tits again to fuck them some
more. I reach behind me and easily slide three fingers inside your cunt.  Drops
of moisture come out of my cock and leave a wet trail on your tits.  I rub my
cock in it and watch your hand as it pinches your own nipple as you press the
breast against my cock. I move back up to your mouth and rub my prick across
your cheek and lips and leave moisture on your face. You suck it into your
mouth grabbing the shaft tightly with your hand. As you pull it out of your
mouth you hold the tip of it against your lips, look up at me and say, "Fuck
me.  I want you inside."  Ever the gentleman, I move down between your legs.  I
feel my prick touch the very wet, open lips of your cunt.  I hold the shaft of
it with my hand and rub the head across the you clit, and tease the lips open
further. As I tease you, your hips thrust up trying to devour me.  I move my
cock with my hand so that just the head is inside you. You push again, wanting
it all, and although i ache for the same thing, I toy with both of us and play
with only the head inside you.  Then, suddenly, I plunge my prick deeply into
your cunt.  The heat of you is amazing.  You pull at my shoulders and I hear
your deep intake of breath.  I have to move in long, deep strokes, and I feel
you hips move to meet every thrust.  The tension built by the teasing ebbs a
bit and we slow to an easier rhythm as we fuck.  As I thrust into you, I hold
your face in my hands and kiss your lips, your cheeks and softly on your eyes.
Your hands on my back knead deeply into my muscles.  Your mouth has the taste
of my cock in it.  I nip your ear lobes and then arch my back so I can bend to
kiss the nipple of the breast your hand offers up to my mouth.

We roll over and you are sitting on me, bringing my cock to an almost painful
angle.  But now you control the feel of my prick inside you...the angle and the
movement, and i want you to take as much pleasure as you can.  I reach up to
your breasts to caress them, and then move my hands around to your ass.  You
put your arms behind you, resting your hands on my knees as you arch backwards
forcing my cock to strain hard against the front wall of your cunt. You
position emphasizes the size and firmness of your breasts.  I move one hand
around to your belly and then down so that the thumb rests on your clit.  I
slowly spread the moisture around as you move my cock inside you.  You bring
your face down to mine and thrust your tongue deeply into my mouth.  I reach
around to your ass and again let the thrust of your hips help force my finger
into the hole.  As you move down, you take my cock deeply into your cunt, and
as you hips rise off of my cock I leave my finger in place and you force my
finger more deeply into your ass.  No matter how you move you are impaled on me
and I am lost in you. I hear little cries from deep inside your throat.  I urge
you on, "Yes, use my cock.  Take it.  I love the feel of you needing me,
grinding yourself on my cock. Yes, use my cock."  You move faster.  I am afraid
I am going to cum so I hold your hips for a moment making the movement stop.
We rest for a bit with me inside you.  I make my cock jerk inside you and you
answer with a squeeze of the muscle inside your cunt.  We smile at each other.
"We can't go on meeting this way." I say. We laugh.

After resting and talking for a while, I take the silk scarves you have left by
the bed, and tie your hands together, and then to the headboard.  You make no
sound.  You lie passively, looking up at me.  I know I have made the knot at
your wrists a little tighter than you had expected.  There is a twinge of fear
in your eyes, but I go about my work pretending not to notice.  I take two more
scarves and tie one around each of your ankles, and then to each leg of the
bed, so that you are spread wide, and open for me.  I kiss up the insides of
your leg, to the thigh.  I nip you there with my teeth, just a little harder
than usual.  I kiss over the lips of your cunt, then leave a trail of kisses up
your belly.  When I take one of your nipples in my mouth, what starts as a
licking and sucking motion, ends with a sharp bite that causes you to flinch
and make a sound deep in your throat.  There may be a bit of doubt as to how in
control I am.  Even I am not sure how far the passion can take me now that I
have you here this way, so soft and warm and inviting and vulnerable....totally
at my mercy.


                           CHICAGO FANTASY - PART FOUR

I move away from you and kneel again next to your face and put a pillow under
your head again so that you can reach my cock with your mouth.  You turn your
head toward me and you lick it as I hold it tightly with my hand.  I move it
over your face and it gets very hard.  It is still wet and smells of us from
our fucking.  I hold my cock near your mouth and let you devour it, watching
your lips circle it's head and then the shaft as it goes in deeper.  I pull it
out and make you strain to reach it. Again I shove my cock deeply into your
mouth and watch it slide between your wide spread lips, and see the bulge in
your cheek.  I pull it out and lay it across your lips and press my prick into
your lips so you have to suck on the underside of the shaft, and I move so that
you can lick my balls.  I feel your tongue on the soft skin behind my balls and
your tongue probes toward my ass.  I try not to stroke my cock myself, to save
myself, to make you do everything.  I grab the base of my cock in my hand and
move it to your face.  I slap it against your cheek, then against the lips of
your open mouth.  I rub the moisture from the tip across your cheek, and you
turn your head to lick me clean.  I lean down and kiss your face and wallow in
the smells and the heat of you.  I kiss your lips and run my tongue around
inside your mouth to thank it for the ecstacy is gives me.  I cannot control
myself, and now i bring my cock up to your mouth again.  "Suck me.  Suck it,
hard."  I thrust it into your mouth and slowly move so that I am over you,
directly above your head, thrusting down into your mouth, literally fucking you
there.  I manage to release the scarves holding your hands, and you know to
caress my balls and let a finger go to my ass as my cock moves more demandingly
in your mouth. My prick moves faster through the tight grasp of your fist and
into your mouth.  Sometimes you close your mouth and just rub the underside of
the head across your lips as it slides in and out of your fist. The feel of it
all...the sight of it all...have me almost to the point of orgasm.  You can
feel the tension in me and you poise the head of my cock above your open mouth
as you work it with your hand. Your tongue licks at it, and then you suddenly
devour it deeply with your mouth, twisting your head as you suck on it.  Then
your finger jabs deeply into my ass, and I feel the first throb begin deep
inside my groin.  The second throb is ten times greater and i see the cum shoot
out on to your tongue.  You suck my cock into your mouth as it throbs. The pain
and pleasure of your lips and tongue on me drive me mad. I pull back and some
of the cum shoot on to your lips and begins to run down your cheek.  I wipe it
with my finger and put the finger in your mouth.  As i remove the finger from
your mouth I slowly wipe my cock down your body and place my lips over your
mouth and taste myself in you. I rest with my head on your shoulder.  Slowly I
return to reality. We kiss.  "Well, so much for foreplay."  We laugh. We kiss.
We rest together. "Is there some place near here that deliver's pizza?" I ask.
"Maybe. Are you going to untie my legs now?" "Maybe." We laugh.


Transfer Successfully Completed.  