Archive-name: Bondage/chinese.txt
Archive-author: Bottier
Archive-title: Chinese Puzzle


I've been a lurker on this group since its inception, and since I
introduced my wife to it, she's been pressing me to post one of our
stories. Here it is, then, with a twist, for your approval.

We both enjoy adding a great deal of interesting costume to our play.
I love the sight of her in extreme heels and tightly-laced old
fashioned corsets, as well as bound and helpless. She loves these
things, as well as anything else that presses, squeezes, or otherwise
molds her, and adds to her tactile overload or general level of
frustration. Thus, we've accumulated a great storehouse of toys over
the years, from a variety of shoes with heels in varying heights, to
several custom made corsets (there are very few manufacturers left,
and the prices can be outrageous) with waists from 19" to 22"
(including one that is knee-length), rubber stockings, skirts, and so
on, and a very large drawerful of cuffs, collars and padlocks. All
these things see a good amount of use!

One of our favorite activities is what I call the "chinese puzzle"
bondage. It takes a bit of planning, but the end results are most
rewarding for both of us. I strive to never do quite the same thing
twice, so I'll just describe the most recent version.

We begin the play with her naked, standing in the bedroom. I first
apply her scold's bridle, which has a nice large ball gag. It buckles
in the back, and I fasten it in place with the first padlock. The key
to this padlock I tape into the palm of her right hand. I then put one
of her calf gloves on (these extend almost up to the shoulder, and
fasten at the wrist very tightly with four buttons) which nicely
secures the key into her hand. I then put one of our 3" locking wrist
cuffs on over the glove, which nicely covers the buttons, making it
impossible to remove without first getting the cuff off. The key to
this cuff I tape into the palm of her left hand, followed by the
other glove and cuff. At this point she is gagged and gloved, and
beginning to show some signs of anticipation. 

One wonderful thing about the gloves (that will come into play most
frustratingly later) is that they make it very difficult indeed to
handle the keys to these padlocks (none of the keys is over 1 inch
long, and some are only half that).

The key to her left cuff I tape to the inside of her leather collar,
which is about 4" wide at the front and tapers down to 2 1/2" at the
rear. I fasten this on her neck, which makes her hold her head up very
straight. I fasten this in place with another padlock.

The collar key I tape to the bottom of her right foot, right under the
heel. I then put one of her rubber stockings on, smoothing it up her
leg as I go. On her foot, I place one of the prizes of our collection,
a 6" heel pump with a 2" wide locking ankle strap. This I lock on, and
tape the key to the bottom of her left foot, followed by the stocking
and the other matching shoe.

This is the part that really starts to get her attention. The 6" heels
are very high for her (she has size 7 1/2 feet), but she has to stand
even further up on her toes to keep the keys from pressing into her
heels. She says that she loves the sensation, and also the tightness
and warm coolness of the stockings. Needless to say, with the shoes
locked on, she can't get to the keys under her heels. 

The key to her left shoe I tape to the inside of the busk on her
corset, and fasten it around her and begin lacing. True tight-lacers
know that you can't just squeeze in a corset all at once, but rather
you must do it in easy stages. Thus, this phase takes about half an
hour, as we reduce her waist from its normal 25" to 20" or so over the
corset. I fasten the stocking tops to the garters on the corset, which
isn't strictly necessary since they are so tight that they'll stay up
by themselves- but she loves the added pressure. The corset itself is
very heavily boned, and makes her lean forward about 20 degrees at the
waist with a most beautiful S-curve in her back- this, in addition to
the forward lean that the heels induce, makes her balance somewhat
precarious, and walking becomes somewhat difficult. She finds this to
be quite a turn-on, combined with all the pressures.

So there she stands, not yet helpless, but certainly bound. I'll
usually take a break here and play with her a bit, until she starts
egging me on the next step.

We have a chastity belt that has self-contained vibrators in two sizes
fastened to its inner surface. I have modified it so that it fits her
tiny corseted waist, and I then apply it to her, locking the waistband
and crotch strap in place (which very conveniently covers the knot in
the laces, rendering it impossible for her to get the corset off). I
have to work fast, since this is quite an intense stimulation for her.
The vibrators in her front and rear begin to do their dirty work, so
while she is distracted, I tape the key to her chastity belt to the
inside of the waistband of her rubber hobble skirt, which is about
1/8" thick and fits her tighter than a second skin from just below
that breasts to the knees.  It has to be rolled on from the knees up,
and does a much more effective job of hobbling her than tying her
knees, because it exerts so much pressure so evenly over so much of
her legs, hips, and torso.

At this point, she is usually hanging right on the edge of orgasm from
sheer sensory overload. Under the right circumstances, she can come
simply from the pressure of the corset, but having to balance in the
heels with her knees hobbled and the vibrators working usually puts
her right up to the edge. If I make her walk any distance at all, she
might just overload and come too soon. So it's time to keep her very
still and finish the job.

I then lock her wrist cuffs together behind her with a padlock. This
key is threaded onto the hasp of another padlock, which is then used
to lock an 8 inch or so loop of chain between her ankles. With this
chain, she is limited to taking steps about four inches long (not that
she could take longer ones with the heels and hobble skirt). The key
to the ankle chain is attached to the middle of a chain about 15
inches long with a nipple clamp at each end, which I then attach to her
nipples. The lean induced by her corset and heels causes the key to
hang well in front of her. 

And to finish, I attach her wrist cuffs to her collar by looping a two
foot chain and locking it with the last padlock. This pulls her wrists
up to just below her shoulderblades- not high enough to cause much
tension on the collar, but enough to keep her from reaching any of the
keys, or stretching around to the nipple clips in front. Also, in this
position her fingers lose some of their dexterity, and the gloves
certainly don't help much either.

The last key is truly the key to the puzzle- without it, she has
absolutely no way to get out of all these marvelous decorations,
despite having all the other keys on her person. She also doesn't have
enough flexibility to give herself the last bit of stimulus to go over
the edge while standing there. What she has to do to get the relief
that she craves is to try to find that last key, and then coax her
bound fingers into manuipulating the locks in sequence. She has to
take the tiny steps that are all she can manage over to wherever it
is, unlock the lock holding her wrists up high, then get the nipple
clamps off somehow so that she can get her ankles unlocked to get the
key that holds her wrists behind her and so on. Usually, the
stimulation catches up with her somewhere along the way- and she goes
from having an isolated orgasm to having a continuous string of them,
generally requiring quite a bit of support from me to keep from
falling. Needless to say, I'm never far away during these times- since
the visual impact of her done up this way is one of my greatest
pleasures, not to mention getting to take whatever advantage of the
situation I can.

This last key is what she needs- and this is the funny part of the
story: as I have been typing this, she has been attempting to sit next
to me here at the machine, done up exactly as I describe here.  She
has been hanging right on the edge for some time, but she has to wait
for me to type the location of the final key! The butt plug and
extremely tight hobble skirt keep her from being able to sit flat on
the office chair, but she has to try and take the weight off her heels
so that the keys stop pressing in, and the corset keeps her leaning
forward so that the weight of the chain dangling from her nipple clips 
is borne entirely by her poor nipples. She has been very good.

The key is under your pillow.

I'm going to close this now- she's probably going to need some help as
she hobbles back down the hall to the bedroom, my lovely vision in
black everything, and I wouldn't miss it for the world.

==

The response to the "Costume" article has been most gratifying. We had
fun reading through them, and have finally made some time to reply to
some of the questions that were asked, and to describe how this
particular scene came out.

She made it about halfway down the hall before she overloaded enough
that she couldn't keep going. When she does finally get into
continuous orgasm, she can't make her legs hold her up anymore with
the heels and the hobble skirt- so I picked her up and carried her
back to bed. She tried for about 5 minutes to deal with the key to the
first lock, but couldn't (or wouldn't) cope with it, so she just
rolled onto her back with her whole body in spasms.

One poster asked about making the chastity belt the very last layer to
come off. We've tried that, but I usually don't do that anymore- and
here's why: Here I was, faced with a very bound, very helpless, and
very hot lover. If you were me, what would you do? In this case, all I
had to do was to peel off her skirt and unlock the chastity belt
(leaving the butt plug in place, of course)- and she was wonderfully,
willingly, and helplessly mine for the duration, without my having to
undo any of the other decorations that we both love so much. In this
way, we could enjoy one another, without my having to completely free
her. And she could either free herself later, or ask me in her own way
to free her after we were both sated.

She usually doesn't manage to get herself free of this predicament
until after we exhaust ourselves, especially in cases where we let a
reasonable amount of buildup time go by (which was certainly the case
as she sat squirming while I typed). If we don't allow much buildup,
she will almost always get to the point of undoing her corset,
although often the amount of effort required to get herself out of the
skirt can sometimes push her over. She usually stops here, though,
becuase she enjoys the pressure of the corset too much to take it off
at that point. A couple of times she has gone ahead and escaped
completely, just so that she could prove to herself that she could-
and it took about and hour and a half. The really hard part is the
first key, and (as one poster pointed out) the key to her ankle chain,
which is usually on the nipple clamp chain. She's a dancer, and is
very flexible, but it is still a difficult thing for her to stretch her
arms around to the front (with her wrists locked together) and gently
remove the clamps. The gloves help make this harder, as well.

Of course, there are an incredible number of variations on this basic
theme that can be used. One that we enjoy occasionally involves me
peeling off her skirt and the chastity belt, and then looping a rope
around her tiny waist two or three turns. I then bend her legs at the
knee, and tie the loose ends of the rope to her ankle chain, pulling
out all the slack possible. This pulls her ankles right up to her rear
very tightly, sort of a hogtie that doesn't put stress on her wrists
(which are still fastened up to her collar). The neat part of this is
that the loops of rope around her waist act as a crude pulley, so by
pulling with her legs she can increase the pressure on her waist even
more! The real reward for me, and frustration for her, comes when I
roll her up on top of me, face to face. The slack between her ankles
allows her to spread her legs just far enough for me to enter her from
below- but the stiff corset and added tension from the rope will
barely let her move her hips, and if I hold her up under the shoulders
then all her weight forces her down onto me. This is incredibly
intense for both of us, as she struggles to move enough to release
herself, and in so doing grinds me deeply into her.

Someone asked about our corsets, especially the knee-length one. That
one is truly amazing, but it really doesn't see much use anymore,
except when she specifically asks for it. It is black satin, very
heavily boned the entire length (especially through the waist and
hips), and measures 21" at the waist when fully closed. The front busk
is 15" long, and it extends exactly down to her pubic bone. When it is
laced fully closed, it makes it amost entirely impossible for her to
bend either her waist or hips, and compresses her entire torso pretty
intensely. When she's in it, she can only barely keep her balance, and
she can't reach her feet no matter how hard she tries, so we always
add her 6 inch heels to the costume. She can't walk at all when done
up this way. I usually put in one or both of her vibrators before
lacing her in, but getting her into and out of this beast is such a
production that she's usually exhausted before I get much of a chance.
About all she can do is lean up against something- so this is usually
a good outfit to play with some gentle suspension games with.

The knee-length one was custom made for us a few years ago by a
company in the UK which has now closed down. Currently, it is possible
to order custom work from three companies that I know of: La Guepiere,
which is in the UK and consists of one tiny fragile lady in her 70s
who retired a number of years ago from that same late company, True
Grace, also in the UK, and one here in the States, BR Creations in
Moutain View, Ca. The UK companies are slow and expensive, but do
magnificent work. BR Creations is quicker and less expensive, and
we've got several examples from them. From BR Creations, you can
expect to pay around $150 for a reasonable short corset in satin,
significantly more in leather. There are also some of the US mailorder
companies that offer stock corsets (Renee Fashion Company, Monique of
Hollywod), made I think by Vollers in the UK, but with those you run
the risk of a poor fit. They will only cost you around $100.

Tightlacing is an art in itself, though- don't rush into it with a
lover, expecting to be able to pull them in 6 inches the first time.
Posession of a tiny waist must be worked up to, and having a perfectly
fitted garment is of paramount importance. If anybody is interested in
body modification of this type, I could go off on that tangent another
time.

Another poster asks whether we bought or made most of our toys. We
bought almost all the clothing, and made almost all the leather cuffs
and other bits. The rubber stockings and hobble skirt are straight
from the Sealwear catalogue a few years back, and I'm sure that
someone in the US still imports this line- I`ve seen some good
examples in the Dream Dresser catalogue. Lately, we buy most of our
latex from a little shop here locally, though. Our gloves we bought
from a custom maker in California, Hammer of Hollywood. They fit,
which is much more than can be said of the cheap merchandise sold
mailorder nowadays. I could post some of the construction details for
the cuffs and other things if there is enough interest (and, of
course, time permitting).

Finally, we'll leave you with a story from last Saturday night. She
expressed a desire to go out for dinner, contrary to plans we had made
to stay in and play. This usually indicates that she wants to try
something different, so we reached something of a compromise- we would
play while going out! This is usually quite a treat for us both,
because she enjoys the frustration of her building excitement and
inability to help herself, and my response follows hers quite closely.
So we dressed her similarly to the way I described before, but without
the gag or collar, and with the corset and chastity belt on the
bottom, as the other poster had suggested.

We laced her into the 20" black calf corset, and then put her into her
rubber corselet. This has molded-in cups and functions quite nicely as
a bra, and extends down just to the bottom of her corset with
suspender grips for her stockings. I then locked on her chastity belt,
with only the butt plug vibrator humming merrily away. The key went
under one glove, which was locked on, followed by the other glove,
followed by the stockings and locking shoes. The last key went onto
the mantelpiece. I then left her to choose street clothes that could
be worn over all these, concealing them well enough for us to go out
in public!

She came out in one of the pantsuits that she wears to work- quite
formal in appearance, but even more so with it belted in to fit her
tiny waist and very erect carriage.  She usually wears at least 4 inch
heels to work, so the pants were long enough to cover most of the 6
inchers when pulled down to her corseted waistline- but not long
enough to prevent a peek of the rubber stocking on her insteps as she
walked. And the jacket nicely covered the cuffs and padlocks on her
wrists, the small bulge of the chastity belt padlock in the small of
her back, and the rather thin blouse that she wore to cover the
corselet. Thus, to the casual observer, she appeared to be quite
normally dressed, except for her gloved hands, tiny waist, and just
the hint of a higher-than-usual heel and blacker-than-black stocking.

We went out to one of our favorite restaurants near here, chosen to
minimize the transit time (since the vibrator was still hard at work).
She actually did quite well with all the walking, hanging there on my
arm balanced so precariously. We sat at one of the tables out in the
middle of the room, with her leaning just slightly forward because of
the corset, and wobbling a bit side-to-side because of the plug.  Then
we started to notice the sidelong glances that she was getting from
some of the tables- a number of people were paying a bit of interest
to her outfit, especially her feet. Tight-laced as she was, she
couldn't discreetly twist around to see what the problem was, but I
could- when she sat down, her pants legs had ridden up her legs,
revealing the full glory of 6 inch heel, padlocked ankle strap, and
rubber stocking to the room!

When I told her, she was at once mortified with embarassment, and
overcome by the message being sent up by the vibrator- but, being in
public, she had to try and exert some control over her response. After
all, the key was at home on the mantelpiece! I then got to enjoy the
beautiful sight of her, flushed, breathing as deeply as possible
within her corset, trying her utmost to stop the stream of orgasms.
Needless to say, we paid the check and left after the appetizer, and I
had to carry her to the car once we got out of the main room.

A most pleasant, though very short, dinner.

--
