Archive-name: Bondage/chncemtg.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Chance Meeting


I had to go to the department store.  My supply of shirts had 
become just about exhausted, and a sale was in progress.  Might 
as well stock up, I thought.

At the counter was a rather attractive saleswoman.  About 34, she 
was on the tall side (5'11" or so) with a medium build, and dark 
hair.  It wasn't her physical appearance that attracted me, though; 
it was a necklace she was wearing - a necklace worn only by members 
of Select, an organization of sexually liberated people.

On the end of the pendant was a tiny paddle - the Select sign for 
people who have a special interest in bondage and discipline.  
An involuntary shudder went through me when I saw it.  I hadn't 
seen one in years.

"That's a rather attractive necklace you're wearing," I said to her 
in as normally conversational a tone as I could muster.  She looked 
up in surprise.  "Thank you," she replied.  "It's got a very special 
significance to me". My mind raced.  Should I venture another step?

"Yes, I know".  I had decided.  But should I continue?

The decision was made for me.  "How do you know what significance 
a necklace might have to me," she asked in an even, level tone.  
"We've never met."

Here goes.  "It looks like a Select necklace," I replied.  "Indeed it 
is," she said.  "And do you know what special significance THIS Select 
necklace has?"

"It's the sign of dominance", I answered.  I lowered my eyes, as I was 
expected to do when a contact of this type was made.  "And do you know 
what it means when you tell me of your knowledge of this necklace?" 
she questioned.

"Yes, mistress.  It means that I now belong to you.  You have the 
right to order me to do your bidding, and to punish me at your whim.
I am obliged to obey you, and I accept this obligation willingly."

"That is correct," she answered.  My new mistress made a quick note 
on a small piece of paper and handed it to me.  "Be at this address 
tomorrow night at 9PM.
I want you to be wearing only shoes, a shirt, and pants - nothing 
else.  As soon as you enter my house, and I close the door, you 
will remove all of your clothing.  Do you understand?"

"Yes, mistress," I murmured, and quickly left.

I don't remember anything that happened between then and 9PM the 
next night. I was consumed by thoughts of what would happen when 
I arrived at her home.

At exactly 9PM, I knocked at her door.  It opened, and I saw her 
already walking into another room.  "Follow me - quickly" were 
her only words.  I disrobed as she had ordered, and turned the 
corner into the next room.

Four other people sat there in the room - staring at me as I entered. 
Three of them were women between 25 and 40, and one was a man of 
about 40. "Tell us your name and why you are here," said my mistress.  
I glanced at the four others, embarrassment welling up inside me.

"I am here to be obedient to my mistress, and to accept whatever 
discipline she desires to use upon me," I answered.  "The correct 
answer," she replied. "Kneel.  Crawl to each of the women and 
kiss her feet."

I did so hurriedly.  Kissing the feet of each of the women made me feel
submissive to each of them; exactly what my mistress wanted, I thought.

When I arrived at my mistress I began to kiss her feet.  I did 
not - could not - stop until I heard her voice.  "Stop," she said.  
"I want you to remove my panties without using your hands."  Thinking 
quickly, I begin to use my teeth and my tongue to loosen and lower 
the thin, brief panties.  "Kiss," she ordered.
As I crawled around her, I kissed her everywhere as the panties lowered
themselves slowly.....slowly...........

Suddenly she stopped me. "That's MUCH to slow.  You must be trained 
to work more quickly on my orders," she hissed.  I knew what was next.

"Go to the cabinet and open the drawer.  Bring me the contents."  
As I crawled past the last of the three women, she sharply struck 
me with her open hand on my buttocks.  "That's only the beginning, 
you know...", she smiled.

The cabinet drawer contained two paddles.  They were the largest 
paddles I had every seen, but I knew exactly what they had been 
designed for.  Taking them in my teeth, I returned to my mistress 
and waited for her to take them.  She did.

"Get over to the coffee table, and bend over it," she ordered.  
"And I don't want to hear a sound out of you, do you hear me?"  
"Yes, mistress" I answered.

I took the position she had ordered.  One of the three women in 
front of whom I was positioned began to coat my buttocks with 
a lotion of some sort.  After several seconds, my bottom began 
to get warm.  "Just to make the skin a little more sensitive," 
she laughed.  I gritted my teeth, waiting for the discipline to
begin.

And begin it did.  My mistress had handed each of the two other 
women one of the paddles and given them instructions to alternately 
strike my buttocks with slow, even strokes.  When the first few 
were lightly applied, I began to feel relieved; perhaps this would 
not be as painful as I had imagined.

But I was mistakened.  Slowly the pace and force quickened.  I could 
feel the blows being applied harder.....harder.....almost to the point 
beyond which I could not stand it.  They continued.....I stifled a 
cry, knowing that if I were to make a sound, the discipline would 
just be doubled.  I tried to take my mind off of the fiery redness, 
but it was no use.

Finally it was over. "Rise, and thank your trainers," my mistress 
said.  I stood, awkwardly in front of the women.  "Thank you," I 
said to each.  "Thank you for giving me the discipline I deserved."

"You're welcome," they replied, almost in unison.  "It was our 
pleasure."

--
