Archive-name: Casual/chncmeet.txt
Archive-author: Hawk
Archive-title: Chance Meeting


I remember watching her.....the way she moved.  Her
skirt gently folding to the crease of her ass.  Her
legs tight from the spikes she wore...the fish nets
accenting her calves with a spider web of shadow.
As I stood there memorized the world passed me by...lost
in my vision of lust..I could almost feel her warmth...smell
her sweetness.  Her shoulders rocking...and barely
a hint of her generous bosom when she moved just right.
She must have felt my eyes upon her for she turned
and looked straight at me.  Fastened...my vision caught
with her own.  I smiled and she winked with just a
hint of a smile...my eyes moved down taking in her
high lights...letting her know what was on my mind.
Her long dark hair floating from around her face...those
ruby red lips slightly parted showing a hint of white
from within...eyes the color of grass on a warm spring
hillside.  She stood staring...the tight leather skirt
and top suggesting what lay beneath.  Long thin arms
to match her legs...nails red as her lips long and wicket.
Wishing I could experience her just once...for a lifetime.
I felt myself stiffen as my mind wondered...oh how
I wanted to feel her.  To know her flavor the taste
of her body.  The sweet essence of her passion....my
cock hard...my palms sweating...I moved toward her.
She stood her ground looking to my crotch..as I moved..I
knew she wanted me too.  I reached out my hand and
gently touched her cheek with the back of my index
finger...moving a strand of hair from her eyes.  She
looked deep into my eyes searching..I too searched.
She put her hand to my chest and slid her fingers
through my shirt..feeling the hair and muscle hidden
there.  I could see her nipples rise through the leather
of her top..breasts growing firm and erect.  I took
her hand and lead her to the privacy of my apartment.
She followed willingly...knowing what lay in store.
We just got through the door and could hold back
any longer.  I took the back of her head and moved my
mouth to her's...probing ...finding her tongue.  We
moved in rhythm..tongues dancing..enjoying the excitement.
She slid her hand down my chest and over my rock
hard cock...pressing her breasts against me.  I moved
from her mouth to her neck..behind her ear. I could
taste her sweat..smell the perfume she put on earlier
that day.  She grabbed at my shirt and tore the buttons
loose...kissing my chest..licking from one nipple to
the other.  I pulled the leather top up over her head
and found her mounds hard and sweet...taking them with
both hands and massaging gently...kissing them, first
from the center...then slowly out to the stiffened
ends.  Demanding the most of the moment.  She unfastened
my belt and pushed my pants to the floor.  She knelt..taking
my pride into her hands...looking up at me with a sinister
grin...she kissed the head of my cock...moaning as
she did.  I felt a shiver run through my body emanating
from her touch.  Moving her tongue in small flicks
just around the ridge..drooling she slowly took the
length into her mouth and moved down...down...down.
I closed my eyes and shuttered...then opend them as
she moved her hands up my thighs to clasp the cheeeks
of my ass...squeezing as she worked her magic.  I felt
weak and leaned back against the wall...then down to the
floor.  She lay back and I moved to her...taking
her skirt away.  The fish nets were secured by a garter
and she wore no panties.  I fondled her feet while
kissing her long sinuous legs.  As I moved closer to
her hidden pleasure I could smell the fragrance of
her passion.  Filling me with desire...anticipation.
I ran my hands gently along the length of her legs
moving ever closer...savoring every touch.  She spread
her legs and seized my head forcing me closer...agonizing
for what I would do.  I kissed her on the inner most
thigh just out of reach of her womanly joy.  I could
taste her sweat...vowing never to forget...I nudged
my nose to her lips.  Slowly probing with my tongue..I
parted her love...flicking madly.  She jerked and
struggled...arching her back...pushing my head...as
if to force me inside.  Her over flowing juices mingling
with my saliva.  I thust my tongue deep...tasting her essence.
I moved my hands near...helping my advancement...massaging
her clitoris.  She let out a scream and stiffened as
I now worked my magic.  She pulled at my hair and growled...breath
moving rapidly.  She said I want you....I want you
deep inside...now!  I teased her not doing what she
wanted right away...still I worked my tongue...moving
from top to bottom...my cock so hard it hurt.  Then
I stopped....looking into her rage filled eyes I lay
on top of her...forcing my mouth to hers...still full
of her sweet juices.. She groaned...I skillfully manauvared
my hardness...around her thighs...slowly pressing...her
nails digging into my back.  I moaned as I slid my
shaft deeply in...she clutched at me and screamed..Oh
my god! Yes...Yes...Yes...I shott my wad as I could
hold back no longer.  We rocked for quite some time
still longing for more.  I moved slowly as to not to
losse my hardness...not that I would with such a creature
as this!  Then she clenched my arms...wild fire in
her eyes...spasms twitching her body.  My cock again
moved with the skill of my existence...and once more
I let myself release into her...preying upon one another...
commanding the satisfaction we both needed.
		 ........Hawk............




