Archive-name: Bestial/chris-5.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Chris's Education - Chapter 5


        Chris was nervous as she entered the master bedroom of the house
and started to remove her clothes.  Her mind wandered back to the first
time she had made love, and how far she had cum in such a relative short
time.  Chris was a sixteen young year old who lost her virginity only a
year ago to the horny flirtations of an older (much older) man in the
bedroom of her then best friend Karry.
        How wonderful it had been.  He had been so gentle trying not to
hurt her, and in reality the pain had only been minor.  The lose of her
virginity had opened up a new world of pleasure for her.  She began to
masterbate almost night to the fantasy thoughts that until now she had
blocked from her minds.  Only at night while she was sleeping had they
managed to creep into her dreams.
        Now as she undressed she thought of the new experience that was
about to unfold for her.  As Chris pulled her jeans down over her thighs
she noticed the wet spot that was forming on her nylon panties.  Granny
panties she thought to herself and laughed.  Chris was more then ready for
the act that she was about to commit.  As she removed the nylon protection
from her tender young cunt, which had seen much action in the year that she
had bee fucking just about everything in sight.
        Chris sat Spread-Eagle on the bed looking down on her pussy.  How
swollen and wet it appeared.  Her love juice glistened on the lips to her
cleanly shave pussy.  She couldn't resist the urge to reach down and
massage the engorged head of her clit.  A sound moan escaped her lips as
she slowly moved her fingers around the head of her clit and dipped her
slender fingers deeply into her drenched pussy.  With a bold defiance she
brought her wet fingers to her mouth and slowly licked them clean of the
sweet musky liquid that wet her fingers.
        Chris hear the footsteps cumming down the hallway towards the
bedroom, she sound brought her back to the reality of what was to cum and
who was to cum.  As excited as she was she couldn't help but wonder why she
ask Mike to help her with this.  She couldn't believe that the thought was
driving her so crazy with passion.  Quickly  she remembered finding the
magazine in her older brother's bedroom.  She remembered how wet her cunt
had gotten when she saw the picture of the girl with the dog's giantic dick
sticking in off of her pussy.  She longed to try herself, to feel the
hard slick bone of a dog buried deeply in her wet pussy.  She was now about
to have her wish fulfilled for her.  Mike had found the dog and had agreed
to help her.  Absentmindedly her fingers had slipped back to her wet cunt
and her rubbed more vigorously on the rip head of her clit.  She felt the
warm tingling sinsations deep in her stomach and knew that soon her would
feel the gush of orgasm sweeeeep over her.  That pleasure was iterrupted as
Mike entered the room.
        One look at Chris brought MIke to a hardness that he had never
experience. Mike was already hard by the thought of getting to watch his
love fuck an animal, something that he had read about but never had saw nor
thought that he ever would.
        Mike sat down on the bed beside Chris and gentle kissed her on the
lips allowing his tongue to explore the wetness of her eager mouth  driving
her to even further heights of aroused.  His fingers replaced her and
gently rubbed the stiff slickness that was her clit.  Mike moved his lips
to her tender neck and earlops that he knew drove her even farther up the
ladder to a massive explosion.  Mikes own rage was not going to allow Chris
to back out now she was going to go through with this.
        Chris moved her fingers along the firm stiffness she felt through
his jeans rubbing firmly feeling the familiar ridges and dips.  Mike
whispered slowly in her ear.  "Are you ready to get started?"  Moaning her
answer Chris ask if first she could feel his rod buried in her pussy.
        Mike was never about to refuse Chris anything and stood up and
lowered his pant to mid-thigh.  His penis stood at attention before him
eager and ready to preform.  Chris spread he legs widely and moved her
fingers to spread her outer lips and expose the moist hole that lend to her
hidden treasure.  Mike moved forward and pressed his manhood fully with one
thrust then paused to enjoy the warm wetness of her tender young twat.
        Mike moved slowly in and out of the sixteen year old cunt that lay
beneath him, His mouth moved to hers and he loosed his tounge within hers.
His Thursts became quick as Chris fucked back on to his stiff rod.  The
muscles of the young cunt tighten around his rod, and he know that she was
on the edge of a wonderful climax as was he.  He did not want that to
happen, not yet anyway.  Reluctantly he pulled his penis from her spasming
cunt.  "But, But I was so close....", was all Chris could say.  "We have to
get started now, I' Sorrrry" was MIke's answer.  He was indeed sorry as he
was also on edge needing to cum.
        Mike pulled his pants up and moved to the door.  Chris felt herself
tense but was in so much need of a stiff prick in her pussy she removed the
thoughts from her mind.  Chris moved to the egde of the bed, and positioned
her horny young body as she remembered the girl in the picture had done.
Her upper body reclined on the bed pressing her grapefruit sized tits flat
against her and her lower body was on the floor her legs spread as wide as
her could and maintain her balance.  Her Tender young bare pussy exposed
for all to see. Pussy juice ran down both legs and dripped from her
yearning cunt.
        She tensed as she heard the door open and looked up.  A wicked
smile came over her lips as she saw it was Mike and that he lend a large
German Sheppard into the room.  " He's so big will he fit" she ask.  Mike's
answer was short and sweet "We'll just have to try and see."  "Oh and guess
what,  He's a Virgin."
        Mike lend the dog around behind Chris and placed his nose against
the moist musky wetness of Chris's pussy.  The Dog smelt and lapped with
his long tounge from clit to asshole then turned his head, and tried to
move away.  This upset Chris.  "Just like a Virgin.", she said,  "Let me
try something."
        Chris moved from her position on the bed and laid down on the floor
behind the sitting dog. Gently she moved her hand to the hairy sheath that
housed the thing that she sought.  She placed her hand apon it and slowly
and gently started to jack to large dog's sheath with her hand. Tenderly
telling him how big he was and now much she wanted to feel his doggie dick
in her human pussy.  After about 5 minutes of this sexy handjob Chris saw
that her work was not in vane as the pink head of the dog's head started to
emerge from the sheath.  She worked about an inch out and massaged the
knot that was from    within the sheath.  As she continued to jack the dog
she raised her head and opened her mouth.  In one move she placed the dogs
1 inch exposed penis into her young wanting mouth and began to bob her head
up and down the shaft of his penis.  She continued to suck the full exposed
length into her mouth until she had four inches going in and out of her
mouth.  Mikes hands worked now on Chris wet pussy and she slowly rotated
her hips to mikes pressure.
        With 4 inches exposed Chris decided it was time to try again to get
the dog to enter her.  Chris moved back to the bed and again positioned
herself as before.  She reach back on opened she drenched pussy and told
MIke she was ready.  "Mike you might have to jack him to keep him out, work
the knot."  Mike had not really thought of helping but was to far gone to
protect.  Mike moved the dog behind Chris then positioned him so that his
front paws where on either side of Chris, and his penis sheath was at
Chris's pussy.  Nervously he placed his hand around the dog sheath and
began to jack the knot as he would his own penis.  Mike was surprise to
find that the touch was not so different or hard to deal with.  Mike
massaged the knot and the Dog began to hump the space between him and
Chris's pussy.  The dog was have trouble finding the angle of the strange
pussy he was about to fuck so Chris slowly moved her hand back and guided
his doggie hardness into her waiting hole.  The little help was all he need
the dog began to hump in all earnest.  Mike watched as the dog's penis slide
in and out of the girls pussy,  Mike watch the girls face watching for
pleasure or pain.  Then as fast as the dog started he was off her.  Chris
frowned,  "He didn't cum"" I want his cum in my pussy"
        MIke again moved the dog into position, and again placed his front
paws on either side of Chris's upper torso, and again moved the sheath into
position.  Mike again started to jack the large dog's penis sheath and
again the dog exposed his penis and began to hump the open space.  This
time however he found his own mark and soon was buried deeply in Chris
teenage pussy.  This time however MIke did not stop his jacking until he
felt he was sure the dog would not stop.
        "It"s in!!!" Chris exclaimed, "It's really in."  The dog was
humping Chris's pussy for all he was worth, and she was loving it.  Chris
moved her hips to match the thurst of her puppy lover.  Mike watch as
Chris's face contorted in the pleasure that Mike knew meant that Chris was
either about to or was having a orgasm, and from the looks on her face it
was one of the biggest Chris had ever had.
        To Mike the action seemed to go on and on, as he jacked his own
penis watching the erotic scene in front of him, but in reality it lasted
only about 5 minutes.  "He'sssss  He'sssss cummmmmmm  Oh My god I'm
cumming" Chris exclaimed.
        Mike watched as the dog detached himself from his human lover and
moved away to a corner of the room to clean himself.  Mike moved over to
Chris and ask how she liked it. Mike lowered his head to kiss Chris's lips,
and in one fast movement Chris pulled Mike over her and positioned herself
on his middle.  Her Pussy dripping dog spunk onto Mikes erect Penis.  Chris
raised her hips and reached beneath her and placed Mike's Penis at the
mouth of her dog fuck cunt. In one move the thurst Mikes Manhood into
herself and began to fuck again.
        Mike felt the spunk of the dog mixed with Chris own spunk
lubricating the path his penis was following, and became even hot then he
was before.  He felt his hips push up to the waiting pussy and felt his
prick sink to new depths within Chris's Pussy.  He felt the familiar
tightness of Chris's pussy walls as they contracted around his penis.  He
felt the waves of orgasm pulsation in the teenage pussy as well as himself.
Mike knew that he was not going to be able to hold out any longer.  HE felt
himself beginning to cum and with all the might he thurst upward deep in to
Chris's waiting pussy.  As Chris felt Mike spunk squirt into her she began
cumming herself, in wave over wave of orgasmic pleasure.
        As Chris finishing cumming she collaped on top of Mike, in utter
pleasure.  Minutes past before either could speak, but slowly chris raised
her head and kissed Mike fully on the mouth, then she spoke "That was
wonderfuckingful, I can't wait till we do it again..."
        Mike just lay there is penis softening within Chris's pussy.  He
felt the mixture of man, woman, and dog cum slowly dripping out of Chris
cunt on to his balls.  "It was indeed the hottest I have ever had.  I can't
wait either." Mike said, "I can't wait."
        Mike thought to himself if Chris thinks this is Kinky wait till I
get things going.

--
Watch for the further adventures of Chris the Kinky.......

