                             ****** CHUCK ******

                                  by ROOT 1

     I lived in a great house. It was two stories high with a large attic
above. There was just enough room on the lot to hold the house and a small
yard. You would see homes like this in any older small town in Central Jersey.
It was the end of November when I discovered the best feature of the home.

     I had decided to dig around in the attic and find last years Christmas
decorations. I knew they were up there with the boxes of old clothing and other
memories. I groped my way up the creaky steps and was reaching for the light
cord when I realized that there was a dim glow from the home right next door.
Looking out I could see where the attic of that home had been turned into a
bedroom. It was a truly "all boys" room with plastic models and rock posters. A
bed filled one corner. It was covered with rumpled sheets.

     One of the teenage neighbors' sons lay on the bed. It was Chuck who was
about 16 years old. He had cut my lawn this past summer to earn extra money. I
had watched him working each time. Dressed only in his OP shorts, he would
parade back and forth, pushing the lawn mower. It made me wish for a larger
lawn.

     He was wearing jeans and a flannel shirt. The shirt was unbuttoned and the
jeans were open at the fly and pulled down to his thighs. His one hand
disappeared under the waistband of his briefs and the other cupped his balls,
moving over the whiteness of the cotton.

     Chuck's eyes were closed and his head tilted back and turned toward me.
His brown curly hair framed his delicate face. His lips parted in a small
private smile. A long neck made a line to his developing chest. My eyes traced
a path down past the nipples and flat stomach to Chuck's naval where a faint
growth of hair started.

     The head of a man sized cock pushed its way up from the teenage crotch.
His hand, slowly moving on the hard shaft, had excited it to a pulsing purple
knob. His hips moved almost off the bed as he lifted them to meet his moving
hands. Each wave pushed the briefs farther down his solid legs.

     A clear drop of precum juice must have formed on the tip of his cock. He
paused long enough to reach with his finger and spread its slickness around the
edge of the young cock. He paused again. This time his finger carried the drop
to his lips. He rubbed it across his lower lip and then licked.

     His hands returned to his waist, pushing his clothing off. He brought his
knees up and returned to the rhythmic stroking of his cock. Each stroke was
long and slow. I could see his stomach and buns tighten with each fuck of his
fist.

     My own cock was not ignoring the show. I freed my dick and joined Chuck in
a voyeuristic circle jerk.      His rhythm had increased. Quicker and shorter
strokes told me that his teen cock was about to shoot its load. I could almost
see his balls tighten in excitement. His head rolled back and forth in the
pillow and his nipples were erect. His mouth opened wider with pleasure. His
tongue licking his lower and upper lips. His hips lifted off the bed and a
shudder formed at his shoulders. It traveled down his body and seemed to focus
in his balls. His right hand moved deep between his legs. It pushed past his
balls and hovered near his ass. I could tell that his fingers were pressing
against that brown hole. His left hand pumped once then twice. It pumped again
and stayed at the base of the hard cock. The grip tightened and pumped again.

     Chuck's body arced up off the bed as a spurt of cum flew across his tan
stomach and landed on his chest. Another landed on his stomach followed by a
third that filled the hollow of his belly button.

     His hand moved up and then down. I could almost hear him moaning with
pleasure and relief from the sexual tension. Another jerk with his hand brought
an ooze of cum out of the shiney cock as his body relaxed back onto the bed.
His grip loosened and his once hard cock began to rest on his stomach as he
rubbed the spent flesh.

     His eyes opened and he looked down along his body, past the pools of cum
to the source of his pleasure. Both hands cupped his cock and balls, pulling
them gently against his body.

     My own cock had followed Chuck's. We had come together. Each spurt of his
mirrored by a spurt from mine. I sat in the darkened attic wondering how many
of these private porno shows I had missed and vowing to return each day.

     Chuck turned away for a moment and he appeared to talk to someone. Could
there be someone else in his room? There at his bedside was a phone. The
receiver was missing. I followed the dark cord across the bed to the side of
his head. Cradled near his ear was the handset. Chuck nodded as he talked into
the mouthpiece. He reached for his underwear and wiped his chest and stomach.
His conversation over, he rolled to the side and hung up the phone. He turned
back and it was almost as though he was looking right at me. He reached again
and turned off the light.

     ************

     My name is Chuck and I am sixteen. My buddy Bobby and I have been close
friends since grade school. We did everything together. He and I even
discovered jerking off together and have shared the fun ever since the first
time. Sometimes when I was especially horny and Bob was home, I'd call him and
then the two of us would jerk off while we talked on the telephone.

     I had called Bob tonight and we talked about school for a while. Then he
started telling me about these jeans he had bought and was going to wear the
next day. They were the button fly kind and Bob was saying how he felt real
good when he wore them. He told me how he was unbuttoning them right now and
how he didn't have anything on under them. We started jerking off and from the
sounds, I could tell he was really hot. I was just about to cum when I got this
feeling that someone was watching. It made me more excited then ever. I shot my
load all over almost at the same time that Bobby did.
     I cleaned up a little before saying goodbye to Bob. As I looked out into
the darkness I saw a shadowy shape move. I turned off the light and let my eyes
adjust to the darkness. Across the way, I could see someone moving away from
the window.

     I knew it must be Allan, my parents' neighbor. He always seemed to be
watching. I had cut his lawn last summer and would enjoy dressing in shorts
that seemed to make him watch even closer. I sometimes even thought about him
while I jerked off. The boldest I had ever gotten was the one day when I left
the fly on my OP shorts open while I cut the grass. We both had half a hard on
the entire time.

     I couldn't decide which I felt stronger about. The fear of his discovery
or the excitement of having someone watch.

**********CHUCK - Part 2 by ROOT 1

     Bobby and I have been friends forever but it wasn't until last summer when
we were 15 that we really got close. It had started one night when I slept over
his house. We shared his bed and climbed in together wearing just our shorts.

     I woke up during the night with a warm excitement filling my body. I found
myself cuddled against Bobby's back with my young dick hard and pressing
against his buns. My embarrassment made me quickly move away. I was afraid that
my pounding heart and uncontrolled breath would wake him. I laid there afraid
of what he would say.

     As the coolness of the room again filled the space between us I felt Bobby
nestle back into me. Our bodies fit so well; My chest against his back and my
erect cock pressed against the cheeks of his ass. I tried to lay motionless,
enjoying the closeness. I slowly began to realize that Bob was also awake. I
could feel him move as he tried to secretly excite himself. I decided to act. I
placed my hand on his shoulder.

     "Bob", I said. There was no answer. "Bob, are you awake?"

     "Yeah, Chuck."

     "Bob, If I get you mad tell me and I'll stop."

     I heard no reply and began to move my hand down along his arm. As I
followed it, my arm moved across his body. I stopped when my hand reached the
waistband of his shorts. I paused for a second then let my fingers slide beyond
his only clothing and rest on top of his own hand.

     "Let me feel it."

     His hand withdrew, letting me touch his hard cock. I curled my hand around
it and squeezed gently. I could feel it swell in my grip. I pressed my own hard
cock against him.

     Bob rolled to face me. His eyes which had been closed, opened. His hands
moved down my chest and stomach stopping only when they reached my shorts. He
pushed them off, freeing my penis. Together we shed the last clothing and
explored each others body. I remembered how I would touch myself to jerk off
and tried to touch Bob the same way. I held his balls in one hand and stroked
his cock with the other. I could sense him responding.

     I was almost ready to cum. The feeling of someone else holding me was so
new. Not knowing where the hand would move. Not knowing how hard or soft it
would grip.

     "I'm going to cum, Bobby. Please make me cum!" My hips started pumping. I
forced my dick back and forth in his hand. "Please make me cum!" I gasped.

     We came. First me then Bobby. Hot, sticky cum spurted from our dicks onto
each others stomachs and chests. It filled our hands and dripped onto the bed.
It stuck to our pubic hair and made our dicks glisten. Between sounds of
satisfaction and whispers of trust, we shot again and again.

     *******************

     Chuck usually calls me Bob or Bobby. I've been trying to get him to use
Rob because I think it sounds better. We've grown up together but where he is
tall and dark, I'm average height and blond haired. He already has nice muscle
definition and I'm on the thin side.

     The night he spent at my house when we jerked each other off for the first
time has started something great. I had tried to make it happen several times
without any luck. That night everything was right. We got over the initial
embarrassment and cleaned up some of the cum that had shot all over us and the
bed. We held each other and talked.

     Both of us found ourselves getting excited again. This time we took it a
little slower. Pulling away the covers, we explored our bodies and talked about
what really got us hot. I had hair under my arms and around my dick but it was
blond and you could hardly see it. Chuck had darker hair and even the start of
a real faint mustache. His hair was soft and fine and started at his belly
button. It grew over his dick and there was a little on his balls and around to
his ass. My hair seemed like just a small patch above my cock.

     Both of us had been circumcised. Chucks cock seemed bigger and darker. It
seemed like it was always ready to get hard. Mine was lighter and tighter. His
hung loose, mine pointed out a little. His swayed slowly when he moved where
mine seemed to almost bounce. What amazed us both was that when we were both
hard, we were both about the same size.

     We came a second time that night. I did things to Chuck that I had thought
about for a long time. He let me rub my cock between the soft mounds of the
cheeks of his ass. I humped them until I came. The cum squeezing between us and
spreading over his back and my stomach. In turn he faced me and put his erect
tool between my legs. Stomach to stomach, he pumped it under my balls, pressing
my own spent pecker between us each time, stopping only when he was ready to
shoot. At that last moment he let his stiff cock spring up, and taking it in
his hand, turned on his back, shooting his load into the air and letting it
fall onto both of us.
     That first night between virgins left us tired and sore. It had ended in
the shower with me washing Chuck and him washing me. The cum stained sheets got
buried in the laundry basket. Our feelings expressed and no longer secret. Our
promises to do it again sure to be kept

**********CHUCK - Part 3 by ROOT 1

     My attic bedroom was a world apart from the rest of the house and my
family. It had been a very private world that I shared at my pleasure. The
night I realized I was being watched by Allan, my middle aged neighbor, changed
all that. I was scared at first. This man had watched me jerking off. I didn't
know how often he sat there, in the darkness of his own attic, while my life
unfolded as a private play for him.

     The fear turned to anger and then to excitement. I began to realize the
part I could let him play in the adolescent sexuality I was discovering. My
shade on the window could be my stage curtain, letting him see what I wanted
him to see and blocking him during my rehearsals.

     The night after that first experience proved that there was no mistake. I
could look across the darkness and see his shadowy figure in the window of his
house. My tentative moves were simple. I stood stage right, looking at myself
in the mirror. I turned and gestured, a 16 year old trying to see himself as
others might. Allan would think that my actions were those of any kid who was
starting to gain an awareness of himself.

     I undressed. Standing naked at the mirror, I pictured in my mind how I
looked to him. I was thin and tall. My body had a smooth darkness inherited
from my mothers' side. The muscles were there but not so much as to take away
from an impression of softness. My summer tan lines were fading. The lightness
starting at my hips turned back to shadows, formed by the fine pubic hair now
starting to shade the area around my penis.

     Unlike my older brother, I was circumcised. It was a difference we had
enjoyed discovering several years ago. My cock had a fullness to it, hanging
over my fuzz covered balls. I held them in my hand, turning and looking over my
shoulder to admire my ass. I tightened my stomach muscles, pumping my arms and
flexing my pecs.

     I heard the sound of someone coming up the stairs. A sharp rap on the door
was immediately followed by the creak of it opening. I moved quickly away from
the mirror but hadn't even enough time to grab a towel before Bobby entered the
room.

     *****************

     Last nights discovery was fantastic. I had thought about what I had seen
there during the entire day. I rushed home from work that evening, hoping that
Chuck would again be up in his bedroom. I had climbed the stairs and had been
sitting for several minutes before Chuck entered the room. Even fully dressed,
he excited me. His jeans were tight on his hips, with a bulge to the left of
his fly. The waist was loose enough to just barely touch his body. A tank top
let me see his shoulders.

     Chuck moved to a mirror and seemed to be admiring himself. His hands moved
over his body as he slowly stripped. Turning toward me he pulled the tank top
over his head. His shoes, jeans and jockey shorts quickly followed. He stood
there naked. By looking in the mirror, I could see his face, chest and cock
while at the same time I watched his strong young back and firm buns.

     He jumped suddenly, looking off to the left. Chuck's face showed shock for
an instant as he tried to move toward the pile of clothing at his feet. He
looked a second time and his expression showed relief. A smile came to his lips
and he started to talk.

     I could see a second young guy come into view. Neither he nor Chuck seemed
concerned about their opposite stages of dress. The second boy was light haired
and about Chuck's age. He moved toward Chuck and without another word, knelt
facing him and took Chuck's cock into his mouth.

     **************************

     As I climbed the stairs to Chuck's attic bedroom, I could hear his radio
playing. Knocking on the door, I walked in. Chuck stood across the room near
the window. He was naked. I must have startled him, but when he saw that it was
me, he relaxed.

     I never thought of myself as queer or gay. All the times that Chuck and I
had played with each other were just guys being guys. We never hugged or
kissed. We were just teenagers discovering about sex and getting off with
someone we trusted. Tonight was different.

     As I moved closer I could almost feel the warmth coming from his skin. I
began to experience feelings and sense things that I had missed before. Chuck
had his own special scent. It was spicy and familiar. I needed to please him. I
needed to make him feel better than he had ever felt before. I knelt. It was
only inches that separated me from his body. His soft cock had begun to swell.
I lifted my face. My eyes followed his long solid legs, past his cock and up
into his own eyes. My hands reached and held his hips.

     I looked straight ahead. I could see the color of his cock darken. I
leaned toward it and took him in my mouth. Its velvet softness pressed against
my tongue. I could feel him getting larger. In jumps, his cock filled my mouth.

     I sucked hard. My tongue explored the head of his penis. He pushed it
deeper into my mouth releasing his breath for the first time since my mouth had
closed around him. I sucked hard again as Chuck pulled his cock away from the
back of my throat. My lips held tight around the head. Once more he slowly
fucked my mouth.

     I let his cock slip across my lips and stand free in between us. It seemed
alive. I kissed the bottom of his rigid cock and then the head. His hands
rested on my head and neck. They gently guided me back to that swollen focus of
his pleasure. I again took him into my mouth.

     I moved my hand away from his hip and held the base of his cock. I started
to jerk him off as I sucked. My other hand moved to his balls. His sighs were
louder now. They came in rhythm with the moving of his hips.
     I could feel his knees give slightly. He was losing control. He pumped his
swollen cock faster and deeper. Then he suddenly stopped. For a moment neither
one of us moved.

     "Ahhh, God. Ahhh, uhhh."

     He was coming. His stomach and buns tightened and he seemed to stand on
his toes. His whole body shuddered. The first taste of cum filled my mouth.
Chuck pulled away and the second splashed on my face. The third hit my neck and
shirt. A fourth oozed out, sliding down his cock and onto my hand that still
firmly grasped him.

     I took his cock back into my mouth and slowly milked my hand along its
slippery length. A fifth wad of cum gently flowed out.

     Chucks' arms wrapped around my head and shoulders pulling me closer to his

body. We stayed like that for minutes. Chuck's voice repeating my name.  
**********CHUCK - Part 4 by ROOT 1

     The holidays had come and gone. The house was again settling back into its
routine. I had walked home from Bobby's house and as I approached, I saw that
my own home was dark. Everyone must be out. I didn't feel like bumping around
the empty house but I figured I had no options. As I let myself in I could hear
the TV in the den. It had to be my brother. He was probably using the new VCR
we had gotten as a family gift.

     As I went to join him, I saw Chris Atkins and Brook Shields, all but bare
assed, on our TV. Sitting on the floor in front of the Blue Lagoon was Jay. His
pants were pushed down slightly and his hand was wrapped around his swollen
cock. He was unaware of my presence and continued slowly stroking his meat.

     *****************

     My name is Jim. I'm a seventeen year old, living at
home with my parents and my younger brother Chuck. Mom calls me Jimmy just like
she did when I was real young. Dad calls me Jimbo when he's trying to be cool
or James when he's serious or pissed. Chuck and most kids in school call me
Jay. If that's not enough to confuse your everyday teenager then my feelings
about my brother Chuck are.

     Up until last year, we shared a bedroom. He was a year younger than me. I
couldn't do anything wrong in his eyes. We looked a lot alike except I was a
little heavier muscled. We very seldom argued and I always thought things
between us were great, until this past summer when he moved out of our bedroom
and fixed up a room for himself in the attic. I wondered if I was the reason?

     I think I'm gay, but I'm not sure. I started thinking about it a couple of
years ago. It wasn't any one thing but a lot of little things. I remember being
at the pool at the club. Other guys would stare at the girls and go wild. They
didn't really do much for me. Most guys didn't effect me either, but there were
a few who I couldn't take my eyes off. I would find myself looking at the one
guard who always wore a Speedo racing suit. I would have to force myself to
look away and sometimes he would look right at me before I could avert my
stare. He was one of the reasons I joined the school swim team.
     I remember looking through the Sears catalog to find the partially dressed
guys in the underwear ads. Even their featureless bodies were fuel for many a
jerk off session. I remember vividly, the first time I opened People magazine
and while casually turning the pages, came face to face with the Calvin Klein
ad. The tan body dressed only in white briefs gave me an instant hardon. His
hands resting on his legs and the crotch tucked under the obvious bulge of his
balls with the fullness of his cock to the side, looking up into the sun. He
was the man I wanted to be in a few years.

     I remember the hot summer night when Chuck and I still shared the bedroom.
He lay asleep on the bed. The sheets were pushed to the side in the sticky heat
of the night. He wore only his jockey shorts. In the dim light he became the
Calvin Klein ad. I silently sat and watched him for hours. His teen cock seemed
to have a life of its own. It would begin to get hard as he dreamt. It would
move under the soft looking cotton, getting hard and forming an inviting tent
as it tried to poke its way free. I so badly wanted to reach out that night and
take hold of his cock, but settled for stroking my own.

     I remembered the day my young circumcised brother discovered my
uncircumcised cock and I allowed him to touch it. He was almost afraid as he
reached with one finger and rubbed the foreskin to see if it was as soft as it
looked.

     I remember watching him shower and wishing I could scrub his back. I
imagined us covering each other with soap and joking as we washed ourselves to
orgasm.

     I remembered going to a drug store with some of the guys from school, and
buying a pack of rubbers "for protection". I got them home and rolled one over
my pecker. I formed my pillow into a feather filled pair of buns and humped it,
grasped between my legs, until I came.

     I remember looking under Chuck's bed and finding a pair of his own cum
stained briefs, stiff from several nights worth of solitary excitement. I added
my own contribution to his collection.

     I remembered a camping trip with some of the guys from school where our
innocent circle jerk left us too embarassed to look at each other for weeks.

     Now I sat in front of our television, imagining myself on a desert island
with a curly haired, tanned boy. Even better than that, I conjured up images of
the screen tests for the part. I pictured hundreds of boys, one at a time,
undressing. Some are shy and have to be coaxed out of their last pieces of
clothing, others are more worldly and pose unashamedly. I picture Chuck next in
line. At his turn, he undresses down to his jeans. Dropping them to the floor,
he stands there, the waist band on his underwear pulled into a curving "U"
shape by his hard cock. The director has to tell him to take them off, which
Chuck does. His cock stands away from his body, a drop of precum juice
glistening in the screen test lights. The director tells him that he will have
to do something about the hardon and Chuck does the only thing he knows to
relieve the tension.

     As I sat there, the images from the TV mixed with those in my imagination.
My own cock was ready to explode. I could almost sense Chuck's presence. I
could hear his deepening breaths building with mine. I was down to the short
strokes. I turned, realizing that I wasn't alone. Chuck stood there. His pants,
like mine, at his ankles. His hand quickly stroking his cock. The two of us
came. Chuck's arcing to the floor while mine spurt up, only to fall back onto
my chest and stomach. Our stroking relaxed as the excitement eased. Moving
toward me, Chuck knelt and reached out. He held my cock for the second time in
our lives, and I knew it wouldn't be the last.

**********CHUCK - Part 5 by ROOT 1

     It was one of those mornings that made you want to stay in bed. The room
was cool. Giving up the warmth of the bed was going to be rough.

     "Hey Chuck, you tool."

     It was my bother Jay, pounding up the steps to my bedroom.

     "You better get up or you'll miss school. Mom and Dad will kill me if I
let you do that. You know they left me in charge."

     "Mummph.", I mumbled as I pulled the covers over my head. I should have
known it would do no good. Jay bounced on my bed then rolling off he pulled the
blankets with him.

     "Get up....Opps."      I had rolled face up. A morning hardon sticking out
through the fly of my pajamas.

     "I guess you're up already, huh?"

     "Come on Jay. Let me sleep just a little longer. "

     "Tell you what Chuck, if you're down out of this attic hermitage and in
the shower in 5 minutes, I'll scrub your bod like its never been done before."
Jay joked.

     He reached and grabbed my cock quicker than I could evade him. "Come on
little brother. Or I'll really jerk it off. "His cool hand gave me a long
gentle pull followed by a couple of short tugs before he let go. He turned and
disappeared down the steps.

     We had become closer than ever since that evening several weeks ago when I
caught him with his pants down, watching a video tape of Blue Lagoon and
playing with himself. We ended up jerking off together. Afterwards, in Jay's
room, we talked for hours. I told him all about me and Bob. Jay told me about
his fantasy when he watched me sleeping one night. I let him in on the secret
of our neighbor who watched my room and for whom I created "private shows". We
held each other and came a second time, that evening.

     When my parents left us alone for this past week, they put Jay in charge.
He sure sounded like he was taking it seriously this morning. I got up and
moved toward the steps, dropping the pajama tops and bottoms along the way. I
could hear the shower already running in the bathroom we shared on the second
floor. Jay stood under the water, scrubing his arms and chest.

     "Move over big brother. You promised me a super scrub."

     "Well get your ass in here." he answered, moving to make room under the
stream of water.

     I stepped in and picking up a bar of soap, began helping Jay with his
back. He reached back, placing one hand on each of my hips and pulled me close
to his back. I moved my hands under his arms and around to his chest. I rubbed
his nipples in a circular motion, feeling them actually stand up.

     My brother took a short step away and turned. Facing me he cupped my balls
and stiffening cock.

     "Trust me Chuck, I'd never hurt you." he said. His soapy hands moved to my
hips again and then to my ass. Jay paused long enough to re-lather his hands.
His fingers traced along the crack of my buns, stopping when they found the
tender hole. I looked into his eyes and relaxed. One finger had started moving
against my puckered opening.

     He stopped again and gently turned me so that I now faced away from him.
His one hand reached between my legs from behind and held my balls. His other
traced up my spine, pressing as he reached a place between my shoulder blades.
I bent over putting my hands on my own knees. Jay pushed more firmly and coaxed
me into a deeper bow. His hands moved and came to rest at the base of my spine,
the thumbs touching and the fingers spreading onto the cheeks of my ass. He
moved them down, spreading my cheeks. I could feel his face touch me and his
tongue reach out. It licked my crack and found the hole. The tip of his tongue
probed the opening, carrying saliva deeper into me with each press. His finger
joined his tongue and rubbed the rim of my hole.

     It was a new sensation. The more his tongue licked and the deeper his
finger probed, the more excited I got. At the same time my once hard cock had
started to get soft.

     Jay stopped and stood. Without a word he guided me out of the shower and
moved me to the counter by the sinks. He again bent me over and found my hole,
but this time it was with the head of his erect cock. Resting against my ass,
it started to press against me. Jay had reached for the baby oil and dribbled
it along his dick and up the crack that craddled him. His hands spread the
slick oil over his dark cock giving it a sheen. His finger again circled my
hole, packing it with oil each time.

     One hand grasped my neck and tightened. The other guided his cock into my
ass. First just the head, then an inch more. Slowly my brothers penis slid into
my bowel. I couldn't breath for a few seconds, the wind literally forced from
my lungs. His legs were now firmly pressed against my buns, his pubic hair
matted between us.

     My cock hung limp but my pounding heart and full balls told me I wanted to
cum. "Fuck me Jay...please fuck me.", I grunted.

     "Relax Chuck...Ahhg...Please. Oh wow Chuck, it feels so tight and good.
You like that big cock up your ass, don't you brother?"

     It didn't take us long. Jay pumped his swollen meat into my ass twice and
shot his load. I could feel the warm liquid fill my ass. It surrounded his dick
making it slicker and smoother feeling. He rested against my back, sighing into
my ear. His arms circled my chest and stomach. Moving down they found my soft
cock and started coaxing it back to erection. As Jay's satisfied cock shrank in
my ass, my own grew.

     He stood and eased his cock out of my hole. His warm cum ran down my leg.
His hands guided me up and around. He dropped to his knees and took me in his
mouth. His one hand grasped the base of my cock and began pulling in time with
his mouth and lips. His other hand moved back to my loosened hole. His hands
seemed to join right through my body. His finger shoving into my ass while he
pulled on my cock, each suck bringing me closer to orgasm.

     I found myself pushing deeper into his mouth then ever before. The
pleasure overcoming any fear. I came. Spurt after spurt, I pumped into Jay's
mouth. I could tell he was trying to take it all. His tongue pressed time and
time again along the bottom of my cock, milking the last drops.

     When we separated, we were fully satisfied. We sat on the bathroom floor,
holding each other. I wondered why we had waited so many years to explore each
other.

**********CHUCK - Part 6 by ROOT 1 and Marc

     Winter was gone and summer on the way. The attic, warmed by the sun, was
comfortable now. I had moved an old mat to a position near the window
overlooking Chuck's bedroom. I could lay there waiting for the next erotic
episode to unreel. There was seldom a night when I went away disappointed.
Chuck had been joined by his brother on several occassions. The two of them
looking almost like twins. They were always very gentle with each other.

     I watched a swim suit fashion show one night as Jay tried on one after
another with Chuck as his audience. They horsed around the entire time. Jay
dressed only in his jock strap, would bend to step into another suit and Chuck
would reach up and caress his buns or the bulging pouch of the supporter. They
had ended that night, sitting opposite each other, their legs entwined and
their erect cocks inches apart. I watched as they stroked each other and
talked. When they came, the cum covered their hands. Like actors in a silent
movie, they talked and nodded. Smiles filled their faces. Their whole bodies
expressed the pleasure they felt.

     The bathroom that the two brothers shared was on the same side of the
house as the attic bedroom. I didn't have as clear a view of it, but I could
often see what was going on there. I will never forget the many times that I
had watched Chuck or his brother shower. I couldn't believe my eyes when I
watched them fuck that morning near the sink.

     There were also nights when Chuck's blonde haired friend showed up. It was
the same boy who weeks ago had come into the room when Chuck was naked and had
ended up on his knees, sucking on Chuck's cock. He was never there at the same
time Jay was. I guessed that the thin blonde was unaware of the two brothers
love. Chuck was more adventurous with this friend. He was obviously in charge.

     Tonight seemed special. I could tell right away that something different
was going to happen. Chuck had moved his furniture. The mattress had been
pulled off the bed frame and was now on the floor in the center of the room.
There had been an excited conversation with his brother and then a phone call.
I saw both parents leave the house at about seven. At seven thirty the show
began. Chuck and Jay came into the room and the young blond was with them...

     *********************

     Jay and I had planned tonight. We were going to let Bobby into our circle.
The excitement was even better because we were going to let it all happen up in
my room where Jay and I knew the neighbor Allan would be watching.

     I had called Bobby and talked. He had been aware that something had
changed recently. I let him force me to reveal the fact that my brother and I
had been getting it on for a few weeks. I could tell he was getting hot just
thinking about me and Jay together. He begged me to let him join us and I told
him that I didn't know if Jay would allow it. I told him I would ask about it
and see. I hung up only to call back within minutes. I told Bobby that Jay
would agree but only if he came over and got initiated into the group. I
explained that Jay would never be able to trust him as much as me unless he
became a brother also. The call ended with Bobby promising he would do
anything. He even swore that he'd break olympic records getting over to our
house if we'd let him....

     ***********************

     I couldn't believe the phone call from Chuck. Things I'd thought about for
months could be mine. The sexual moments I shared with Chuck were unsurpassed,
but I would often talk to his brother Jay when I was visiting Chuck and
wondered would it would be like to have sex with him too. Chuk had told me that
he had an uncut dick and I wondered what it looked like, never having seen one.

     I wasn't kidding when I told Chuck that I would break speed records
getting to his house. I don't think I've ever pedalled my bike faster than I
did on the way over. When I got there, I knocked frantically on the door. The
door opened slowly and there stood Chuck completely nude. My cock got hard
instantly. I reached out to touch Chuck's cock, but he said "Not yet!".

     Chuck took my hand and let me up to his bedroom. As we walked in I saw Jay
lying on the bed which had been put in the center of the room, on the floor. He
was also completely nude! I stood for a moment to appreciate his body. He had a
thick, dark, uncut penis surrounded by a dark pubic bush. I don't think I have
ever been so horny before.

     Jay said "Now you will see what it means to be initiated into our group!"
Jay instructed me to remove my clothes and lay down on the bed. I had promised
to do whatever they said, so I complied quickly. Jay told me to suck on Chucks
dick and I graciously did so. The familair taste of Chucks tool made my cock
begin to throb. I was on my knees and Chuck stood before me. I didn't realize
that Jay had knelt down behind me and was greasing up his penis with a bottle
of baby oil. Suddenly, I felt a presence at my anus that I had never felt
before. No sooner did I realize what was going to happen than Jay thrust his
long rod into me. The pain was great and I yelled, but it quickly subsided
leaving only the pleasure of this new sensation.

     *********************

     When Bobby said he would do anything, I wonder if realized that Jay was
going to stick that massive cock up his ass as he had done to me in the shower
that day. Bobby was in for a lot of new experiences that night, and probably
for many days to come.

     Darkness was falling and as Jay and I continued to break Bobby in, I
glanced out the window. As always, I saw the shadowy figure in the window of
the attic next door.....

**********CHUCK - Part 7 by Marc

     I couldn't beleive my eyes! I had been watching Chuck and his brother for
so long now, satisfying myself each night as I watched them get it on. Tonight,
though, I knew something had to be done. As I sat there in the darkness of the
attic watching Chuck and Jay derive pleasure from Chuck's blonde friend, I
wanted more than anything to be there in that room with them.

     I had seen the boys parents leave, but had no idea when they would be
home. Since the three boys were so involved with each other, I assumed that it
wouldn't be too soon.

     My cock was rock hard and my thoughts were of nothing but satisfaction. I
got up and descended the stairs and made my way to the front door. I walked
down my driveway where I knew I could not be seen from Chucks attic room. As I
reached Chucks front door I stopped to think about what I was doing. I could be
ruining a beautiful show by letting the boys know I had seen them, yet I knew I
would never stop wondering what would have happened if I did not enter the
house.

     I turned the handle slowly and quietly. The door was not locked! I
tip-toed into the house and inched my way up the stairs towards the attic room.
As I approached the door to the bedroom, I heard moans of delight. My heart was
racing and I had a lump in my throat. Slowly, I turned the doorknob of the
boys' room and flung the door open. Three heads snapped in my direction with
looks of disbeleif as I saw the boys lying there entangled in each others
bodies.

     **********************

     Having Bobby join Jay and I was probably one of the best ideas I had ever
had. The three of us were having the greatest sexual experience of our young
lives. Jay and I had fucked and sucked Bobby and he did the same to us. We were
really making him a part of our group that night.
     As I glanced to see if Allan was enjoying the show, I was stunned to see
that he wasn't there. I couldn't believe that after I had moved the bed to
where he could get a better view, and arranged the show of a lifetime, he would
not even stay to watch it.

     I turned away from the window only to see the door opening. At first I
thought my parents had come home early and I was very scared. I watched the
look of terror come over Jay and Bobby's faces and they found themselves caught
in the act.

     When the door opened completely and I saw Allan standing there, I knew the
moment I had always waited for had finally arrived. Jay knew Allan. Also, I had
told him about how Allan was always watching. Bobby, on the other hand, had no
idea what was going on and the terrorized look did not leave his face as he
layed there with Jays cock up his ass wondering who this stranger was.

     **********************

     The boys stopped what they were doing as soon as I opened the door. I
could tell the young blonde was terrorized, but the other two boys didn't seem
to be too bothered by my presence. Chuck told me to come in. I sat down and
listened as he introduced me to his blonde friend, Bobby and explained to him,
and to me, how he knew all along that I had been watching and enjoyed putting
on shows for me.

     The rest of the evening was better than I could have possibly imaged. Jay
told me that their parents wouldn't be home for hours and they invited me to
join in their fun.

     I took turns sucking on the boys' cocks and letting them fuck me. One by
one, they came into my face and all over my body. I swallowed more sweet young
cum that night then I could have even imagined.

     After the boys were all satisfied, they lay me down on the bed and worked
on my body. There were toungues everywhere! Jay was sucking on my cock, while
Bobby and Chuck worked on my nipples. At one point, all three of the boys were
licking on different parts of my rock hard shaft. I came in a massive eruption
of cum all over myself. The boys licked the cum off of my body and swallowed
every drop.

     As we all dressed, Chuck told me that he enjoyed tonight and would love
for me to continue to watch him and the other boys from my attic window. He
also said that it was too risky to ever do this again, and although he would
still put on shows for me, we could never be together again. I was
disappointed, but knew that I already got more than I deserved and hoped that
someday the boys would change their minds.   **********CHUCK - Part 8 by ROOT 1

     RRRRINNNNNGGGGG...RRRIINNNNGGGGGGG...RRRIIINNNG

     "Hello."

     "Hi. Is Chuck home?"
     "Yes. Speaking."

     "Chuck, you don't know me but I wanted to call you anyway. I'm in my
bedroom naked and was thinking about you while I jerked off."

     "Who is this? Is this some joke? Is this Bobby?"

     "No, it's no joke. I know you but I don't think you know me. I'm in school
with you."      "Look, I don't know what kind of game this is but I'm going to
hang up."

     "I wish you wouldn't. It took me a while to work up the nerve to call you.
I really am laying on my bed jerking off. I've got my stiff cock in my left
hand and I'm stroking it very slowly, making believe it's you doing it."

     "Well I'm not on the bed naked, I'm in the kitchen dressed."

     "Do you have a phone upstairs?"

     "Yes, but it's a different number than this one. It's 3309."

     "I could call on that other number in a few minutes and if you're there we
could talk."

     *****************************

     RRIINNG..

     "Hi."

     "I'm glad you answered. Are you upstairs?"

     "Yea. I guess I'm curious. Who are you really?"

     "I'd rather not say, but I'm in school with you and I get a hard-on every
time I see you."

     "Are you serious? You get excited just looking at me?"

     "I know that you're 5-10 and weigh 145 pounds. I know you must have a nice
cock because I can see the size of the bulge when you wear those tight jeans. I
even tried to get in a gym class with you so I could see you naked. I even know
that your cock is always pushed over to the left. "

     "Well you're right about me hanging left."

     "Chuck, you've got to tell me if you're circumcised or not. I guessed that
you are."
     "Yea, I am.

     "What are you wearing right now?"

     "Jeans and a shirt."

     "What kind of shirt. Is it a T-shirt or a regular button up, and what kind
of jeans. Are they the faded ones that still have the tag on the back? If
they're the jeans I can picture them right down to where the sizes are printed
and say 28x32 over your great ass."

     "Yes, they're the ones and the shirt is a button up. I don't have a
T-shirt on."

     "Chuck, would you unbutton the shirt for me and tell me if your chest is
as smooth as I imagined."

     "....OK my shirt is unbuttoned and I guess you're right. There is hardly
any hair on my chest. There is some hair right above my belt and it sort of
runs up to my belly button. I have a little hair under my arms. Hey, are you
really jerking off?"

     "Oh yeah. I've got a hard on that's stiffer than iron. I've got the phone
tucked next to my ear and I stroking away. I'm rubbing my chest and nipples
now. Why don't you start rubbing your nipples."

     "OK...I am sort of getting excited. My cock is getting all warm and
starting to swell. Should I jerk off too?"

     "Not yet Chuck. Are your nipples hard? If they are then put your hand over
that great crotch of yours and rub your cock."

     "Oh wow. Oh. Man who is this?"

     "Is your cock getting hard?"

     "Yeah. Its pressing against my Levis."

     "OK. Unzip your pants but don't take them off yet. Do you understand?"

     "Yeah. I've got them unzipped."

     "Keep rubbing your chest, but look down and tell me what you see."

     Ohhh... I've got my jeans open and my cock is getting harder. It's stuck
in my underwear and pushing out the leg opening."

     "Reach down and move your cock back inside but don't reach into your
shorts. Move it back inside and craddle it along that warm groin. Press it into
that valley between your leg and belly."

     "I've..Ohh..OK."
     "Chuck would you take your jeans all the way off? Do it and talk to me.
Don't reach in and touch your cock yet."

     "OK, I'm taking them off. I've slipped them off now. I don't believe I'm
sitting here like this. All I have on is my shorts and socks. Jeese do I have a
hard on."

     "Are your briefs tight? Huh Chuck? What are you doing? Don't touch your
cock yet."

     "They're tight now. Just talking is making me feel like coming. My cock is
sticking straight up along my stomach. The head is stuck. It's trapped by the
waistband. I can't help it. I'm rubbing it through the cloth. Oh yeah. I'm..."

     "I want you to reach in the top of your shorts and grab your cock. Free it
up and let it out. Tell me all that you're doing. Paint me a picture Chuck. "

     "My dick is pushing out the top, almost. I've got my hand inside the
waistband and I'm pulling on my dick. If I can hold the phone...OK...my other
hand is free. I'm rubbing my cock and balls. I can run my hands down past the
leg holes and stroke the inside of my legs. I can't stop my ass from moving on
the chair. "

     "Take your underwear off. I want you naked. Slide it off or tear it off
but get naked."

     "OK man. I'm naked. Well almost. I still have my socks on. I gotta cum.
Uhh. "

     "Not yet. Don't cum yet. Tell me about your dick. Is it as pretty as I
imagined? Do you have lots of pubic hair. How big is that young cock?"

     "Wow...aahh. Yeah I have some pubic hair. It's brown and ahhh..brown and
all around my cock. I measured my cock once and it's 7 inches. It was seven
inches. It's bigger now then ever before."

     "Stroke that cock, Chuck. Get it ready."

     "Oh..man..I'm going to cum. Ahhh..eh."

     "Go ahead. Pump that cock. Grab it tight and pump that cock."

     "Oh Jeese. I'm gonna shoot. Ahhh. Ahhh. Ah Ohhh. ......"

     "I can tell you're cumming. Keep stroking. I'm ..."

     "Shit man. That was great. I've got cum all over the place. I don't
believe it. What a mess."

     "Chuck."

     "Yeah."
     "Thanks."

     "Yeah."

     "Do me a favor."

     "Are you kidding. I'd do almost anything right now."

     "Don't change your phone number."
