She was beautiful. Blond hair, large tits, and excellent body. And she was mine. All mine. I'd tied her up real 
good. A broad leather gag silencing her bitching mouth, arms restrained behind her, bound at elbows , and 
arms. I'd left her fingers free, and they clenched and twisted about.

I'd taken care of the rest of her body too. There was a strap just under her tits, pushing then up. I bound her 
well toned legs above and below her knees, and at her ankles. To keep her feet raised in the air as she lay 
face-down on the floor, I put a strap binding her lower legs to her thighs.

This is how she was: beautiful and bound, pleading at me with hazel eyes.

I smiled at her threw my fright mask. "Ok, Cindy, time to start the real fun." Her eyes got wider, and her 
futile squirmings got more strenuous when I brought out the riding crop. I positioned myself standing 
directly behind her bound-up body, the soles of her feet my aim. She tried to turn and look at me, but she 
couldn't move very much.

I caressed the sole of her left foot with the crop. Her foot bunched up. I smacked her foot, not hard, but 
enough to sting. A squeal escaped the large gag, and she squirmed fiercely for a minute. When no second hit 
was forthcoming, she settled down...

and I smacked her right sole, harder. She tried to arch her body, but she couldn't. When the crop came down 
again, she shook her head from right to left, sending her shiny clean hair whipping about her head. I laughed 
at her. "Your a very funny girl, Cindy." and hit her foot with the crop again.

I kept up this foot torture for more than a half hour. I stopped not because I was getting tired, but because I 
wanted to get some photos of Cindy. She was crying now, and all the more beautiful because of it.

When she heard the click of the camera, she opened her teary eyes and gave me an accusing look.

"Now, now, Cindy. I've done nothing to you, never will do anything to you, you don't richly deserve." She 
turned her blond head away from me..

Of course, I hadn't known Cindy that long. I saw her alone at the mall, and then followed her home and 
kidnapped her from her apartment. But she deserved this treatment simply for having large breasts. If that's 
not enough to convince you, then I'll add this: she was a woman who had never been properly handled by a 
man.

...

I returned after taking a few pictures of Cindy an hour later. There had been a knock on my door. A nice 
religious fellow. I talked to him a while; bought a bible. I told him how much I believe in God and the 
Savior.

The bible I bought was small but heavy. It was leather-bound. I took it to show Cindy. After all, I thought, 
although women are the children of Satan, they ought to get to know the bible. Not of course for their souls, 
as they have none, but to show them what good they can come to if they repent -- after all, Mary bore Jesus.

When I came back down, Cindy had rolled over onto her side. I had to yank her back into place by her hair. 
Then I sat, stroked her blistering feet, and reading my new bible.

Religion may be fine and good though, but sometimes a man just needs the amusement of having a soft 
pretty woman squirm under his care.

I lifted Cindy up by her hair. She gave a little squeal when all her weight was put on a handful of her soft 
blond hair. I lifted her eyes up to mine. Bound up like a trussed pig as she was, her feet were off the ground. 
A low squeal came out from the gag, and she looked at me with pleading eyes.

"Cindy," I said softly, "I would never do anything to hurt you." and I kissed her left eye, pocking my tongue 
out a little.

I dragged her by her hair into the other room. She struggled as much as she could through her bonds.

Leaving her wiggling on the floor, I got some clothes for her to wear in the other room: a pink negligee, 
black silk panty-hose, 3" high-heel dress shoes, also black and a silk scarf. I laid them in front of her.

"Now Cindy," I said, "I'm going to untie you and leave the room. You are to put on these clothes. I'll be 
back in five minutes."

When I undid the straps binding her ankles and legs together, she tried to kick out at me. I slapped the feeble 
attempt away. Grabbing her by her hair again, I pushed her gagged face into the hard wood floor, took the 
taser from my belt, and jabbed it into the side of her ass.

This taser I use is especially designed: not meant to ward off muggers, but to keep misbehaving girls in line. 
It's voltage is low, but frequency is high. Thus, when I turned it on with the two bare metal prongs jabbing 
into Cindy's ass-cheeks, she started going into convulsions. Her eyes rolled up into the back of her head; if I 
hadn't had already untied her legs, she probably would've snapped her spine.

I valiantly held the taser against her body for more than a minute against her convulsions. When I let off, she 
sagged to the ground. Her eyes were half-open. I undid the gag first, unwrapping her soft lips. Drool flowed 
freely from her open mouth. I bent down and placed my tongue in her mouth, moving it around. Her tongue 
had swollen a little, but was even now returning to normal.

I rolled my dazed little girl onto her stomach again, her large breast pushed out against the carpet as she lay 
flat. I undid the cruel leather binding to her arms. I also undid the strap that had been placed under her 
breasts. I rolled her onto her back and lifted her breasts up by her tits to examine the red marks it had made 
to their undersides. Quite satisfying.

I left her just as the gasps and moans she was making starting turning intelligible again.

"Put the clothes on, Cindy, or I will hurt you, although it's against my better nature." I smiled, but she could 
not see it through the mask. I left the room, and locked the door behind me. While I waited, I drank a beer. 
All this play had left me with a sweat.

I wasn't actually expecting Cindy to have dressed in the clothes I'd left -- I just wanted an excuse to hurt her, 
so no-one could say I was acting unjustly, but I was pleasantly surprised to find out she had.

When I came into the windowless room a few minutes later, there she stood -- her arms covering her 
breasts, legs held so tightly together that she swayed a little on the heels. I was pleased. The negligee hugged 
her figure well. She'd tied the scarf up behind her head like a bow.

for the first time, she could speak and did: "Who are you! Let me go! I'll call the police!" her voice was 
quaking. Since I didn't want to gag her again quite yet, I held up the taser, turned it on, so the electricity 
sparked between the two tips. she shut up instantly.

I walked over to her, and took her by the arm. Without saying a word, holding the taser casually against the 
small of her back, I led her out of the room. I took her the long way around, so that we passed by the wide 
open picture window of my living room. I led her right up in front of it, so she was in plain view of 
everyone, and could see everyone. But the only people on the street some distance off were a dog and a 
child playing. The child waved at us. "See, Cindy," I said, "You are so close to the outside ... If you call out, 
someone might hear you." we stayed their a minute longer. A jogger wearing headphones ran by. But he 
only gave a short glance at us and ran off. The hopeful look on Cindy's face faded away and she started to 
cry.

I yanked at her elbow to get her going again. finally, we ended up in the play room. I'd cleared all the other 
furniture away, and had only left standing the double stocks in the middle of the room - a device I'd 
constructed by putting on stock on top of the other. I use it to a nice effect, which I'll explain later.

I locked the door and led Cindy to the stocks. Opening up the above stock, I gently forced Cindy's head and 
arms into it, and locked it up tight. Since she was protesting again, I determined it was time to regag her. I 
chose a gag like a bit they use with horses -- it pushed her teeth apart and pulled her lips in as I drew it back 
tightly. It made her seem to have a huge grimace. The sight was so amusing that I laughed. Her eyes had 
such a frightened look I had to grab her hair, and shake her blond head from side to side, saying in my best 
woman's voice, "No no oh please no!" I laughed harder at my own joke.

Cindy was having trouble balancing on her high-heels now, so I undertook to alleviate her discomfort. I 
lifted up her right foot and put it into the lower stock, which was only a foot and a half below her head, then 
did the same with her right foot. I turned the key so that the foot-holes tightened and held her in place.

The stocks are well balanced and weighted so that their captives awkward position did not unbalance them. 
Now Cindy's ass was sticking straight out, and I could see the crack of her ass through the negligee. 
Supported only by her neck, wrists, and ankles, Cindy's back arched out, making her lovely breasts push 
against the pink outfit.

After snapping a few more pictures of her, I decided I wanted to be really free. So I strapped a padded 
blindfold over her eyes and took my clothes of. Now Cindy could not see me. I stood close to her face, my 
quivering penis mere inches from her face. I stroked her hair. "Yes, Cindy," I whispered, my voice now clear 
from the mask, "You are very lovely. can't you just feel the special something we have with each other now? 
When I finish with you for today, you'll be so much more mine." She shook her gagged, blindfolded blond 
head back and forth, garbling something against the gag. "If you can't even speak clearly, girl, I'm not going 
to listen to you."

It was time to have some fun of my own now.

Since Cindy had all the time in the world, I browsed my collection of whips and other stuff slowly, carefully 
deciding. At first, I took down the braided cat-o-nine-tails. I walked slowly over to Cindy, looking at her 
swaying rump, barely covered by the thin negligee. I ran the whip slowly, gently over it several times, then 
drew my arm back to strike her. but I stopped. it wasn't quite right. Her ass deserved a severe whipping, but 
not with this toy. Another then.

I put the cat back on the shelf and browsed some more. Maybe the heavy oak paddle. I hefted it, and once 
more stroked Cindy's quivering ass with it. I playfully tapped the paddle against her stuck-out rump a few 
times. It made a nice sound, but it still wasn't right.

Then I got it! My new bible, of course! I told Cindy to wait here and went to get it. Ah yes, nice and heavy 
in my hand: I could spank her with it with the cover, or any of the edges. Perfect.

I rushed downstairs and ran into the room. Cindy lifted her sagging head, but of course could not see 
anything. I didn't stop for a minute: the heavy spank I laid on her ass-cheeks came at the very end of running 
up to her. *SMACK*

Cindy grunted through the gag; she shook slightly, sending her body into unbalanced waverings. Her breasts 
jiggled nicely.

*SMACK*

Again she squeeled and wiggled. Laughing, I delivered several more strokes. *SMACK*SMACK*SMACK*

Her muffled grunts of protest only spurred me on. I tried to land harder and harder blows. Of course, the 
thin clothes she wore bore a tad of the force, but that only encouraged me to pound harder.

*SMACK*SMACK* went the bible against her cute rump.

"gaargll...mphhh!" went Cindy.

eventually, the negligee ripped and tore off her butt where I was spanking her. I saw her ass was red from 
the attention. I thought about stopping -- now my arm _was_ getting tired -- when my boy rushed in.

Jonny's my boy. Child of the first woman I ever raped. when I had heard she was pregnant, I went and stole 
the boy from her. After all, he is my child, not hers.

Jonny, twelve, rushed in calling "daddy daddy!" he stopped when he saw Cindy in the rack. he stared -- but 
not because he'd never seen this before. On the contrary, he was growing up to be just like his father. He got 
hard-ons and came gallons already. I'd let him play with a few woman, and he was a naturally at it. 
Sometimes his imagination impressed me. this one brunette, a few months before Cindy, he'd tied her feet up 
behind her and about her neck, then glued her hands to her tits. I found him and a young friend of his playing 
"tug-a-war" with her. my son won -- the hand of the arm her was pulling on ripped off the breast first... later 
that night, with her legs still bound over her head, I tucked him into bed, and he tied her to the bed upside-
down next to him, and put a candle in her asshole for a night light. in the morning he dragged her, still in the 
same position, downstairs. he ordered me to make him lots of pancakes, which I was glad to do, he is a 
growing boy. but instead of eating them, he rolled them up and started shoving them, one after the other, 
into the brunette's pussy and asshole until no more could fill her up. Then he boiled butter and poured it into 
her cunt and ass. I had to agree with him, her smell was wonderful...

Anyway, I'm reminiscing. Jonny came in and saw me and my toy their. "what's her name, dad?" Cindy's head 
perked up. maybe she thought my little boy would call the police, No such luck.

"Cindy's a nice name, girl. can I play with her. dad?"

"have you finished the project I assigned you yet?"

"uhh...no..."

"when you finish it, I might let you play with her. after I've had my fun."

he left, leaving me and Cindy's red bottom behind. I kneaded her ass cheeks with my hands while I thought. 
they were warm and tender from the beating. still not having an idea, I defaulted to spanking her again. 
*SMACK* her wriggling and muffled grunts turned me on, and I thought there must be some way to repay 
her for the pleasure she was giving me...

then I had and idea. I went and emptied the content of the freezer upstairs into a cooler, and went back 
down. I tore of the fragile clothes she was wearing. her beat red ass smiled up at me.

in the refrigerator Jonny had a stock of popsicles. he had all kinds. thick push-ups and double-sticks and 
cones. they were well frozen, as we always had the freezer on high.

I took a handful of popsicles, around eight, and took them to Cindy's rear. "Here you go. Have some 
popsicles" I said, slowly inserting one into her pussy. Her body quivered. I pushed another one in, then 
another. Then I grabbed their sticks and slowly fucked Cindy with them. a low hum escaped her gag, so I 
could only assume she was enjoying it.

I decided I'd grant her more pleasure, and got one of those big push-ups and inserted it into her ass. By this 
time, the pops' in her cunt were beginning to melt, so I replaced them with new ones, and fucked both her 
pussy and ass with the ice. Her moans got louder.

Seeing her pussy and asshole safely in progress, I took two big freezer packs from the chest. I strapped them 
firmly to Cindy's big tits. Slow spasms were staring to overtake her body. I replaced the popsicles in her ass 
and pussy.

I took some ice in a pair of tongs -- didn't want to get me hands cold -- and went to the front, so I could 
administer to Cindy's face and feet.

The soles of her feet still had blisters and red-marks from the whipping earlier, so I applied the ice their first. 
Cindy curled her toes in protest. Then I found two cone-like pieces of ice and inserted them under the 
blindfold, inside her ears.

Again I replaced her ass and pussy ice.

Then I took to her sides. I strapped on several ice-packs to her sides, and one on the small of her back. I put 
one on the top of her head, then on her thighs and calves.

I took the tongs and applied ice cubes wherever she had flesh exposed. I stuck several into her mouth and 
she began choking on them. Two more went under her blindfold on her eyes. Anytime ice melted, or an ice-
pack got cold, I replaced it.

She began to tremble fiercely. I left the room to get supper, and turned the four air-conditioners on full, 
aimed right at her body.

Dinner was rice and chicken. After that, I helped Jonny with his homework and watched the game.

After tucking Jonny in, I returned to Cindy. The room was extremely cold. Most of the ice was still strapped 
to her. I put on a heavy winter coat, removed all the ice from her, unhooked her from the machine, and 
carried her upstairs.

Her body was blue all over. She shivered a lot. I found it funny and even woke Jonny up so he could come 
downstairs and laugh at her.

Ten minutes after being upstairs, Cindy mouthed the word "why and looked at me. I just shrugged. She fell 
unconscious.

I carried her into the attic, and put her in a padded cage. 3'x3'x3', I had to curl her up to get her in. I put 
water and dog-food in their for her to eat. so that she wouldn't be lonely the next few days -- I would have 
to be at work, I turned on the 28" TV in front of her, and put in one of my home-made laser-disk snuff films 
on loop-mode for her to enjoy.

(Oh, just for the curious, there was a drainage pipe at the other end of the cage for her to shit and piss in.

That was Monday. I was unfortunately busy all that week, so I never got a chance to see her. I left 
instructions for Jonny to entertain her, but not to touch her.

Jonny, ever the kindly child, left a list of ways he entertained her while I was gone:

Tuesday: Came in, Cindy was sleeping. Banged on cage for half an hour. She screamed at me to stop. It was 
fun.

Wednesday: Told her some good jokes;  "q: what do you call three blonds hanging by their nipples? a: 
pinatas"

Thursday: Convinced her I was going to let her go. Gave her clothes. Let her bathe. Let her call dummy 
police (my friend). Told her how sorry I was. Let her get three feet out the door, then jimmy jumped her and 
we dragged her screaming and kicking back upstairs. Very funny.



Although the last thing he did violated my orders, I let it go because it was very funny.

I got back to Cindy Friday night at eight. She was asleep, curled up in her cage, crying even as she slept. The 
sight was so pitiful I was moved to a hard-on.

I opened the cage. She awoke groggily and then suddenly as I yanked her by her hair out of the cage. She 
tried to scream, but I immediately stuck a gag in her mouth. It was the inflatable kind, and I pumped it up 
with air until her cheeks bulged.

I snapped a collar around her neck and handcuffed her hands to it, behind her head. Then I led her roughly 
to the corner of the room, where I tied her ankles to rings in the floor.

Standing back, fingering my cock, I turned my machine on. Instantly, a rope snapped up from the floor, 
finding its way in between her pussy lips and ass cheeks. The rope was attached to hinges in the ceiling; 
these pulleys began to turn the rope about, and as it did so, pulled up even more tightly on it, so it was firmly 
wedges in her crack. It spun slowly at first, but picked up speed. Cindy wriggled and squirmed, but could 
not avoid it. She was forced by the tension to stand, the motors purring as they wound the rope against her.

She tried to scream, but her tongue was flattened against he mouth by the balloon-gag, and nothing but a 
whistle escaped her nose. Her eyes went wild and she arched her head. The motors turned the rope ever 
faster between her butt crack. I waited until it reached sixty revolutions per minute, and then turned it off. 
When Cindy slumped to the ground, I examined her pussy and ass-cheeks. Some of the flesh had been 
scraped off by the cruel device. She tried to moan and looked up at me with wide pleading eyes.

"Oh, Cindy, the evenings just started..."

Cindy's DD tits, I decided, needed my attention next. Except for the icepacks, I hadn't touched them yet. I 
went and got another pair of heels, these 5"ers, very narrow. I had some difficulty getting them on Cindy's 
feet, though hers weren't wide. When they were on, I lifted her by her hair onto her feet. She wobbled. I 
looked into her eyes and said, "if you fall, I will have to hurt you".

I attached a chain leash to her collar and led her to another part of the house. Oh, I could've tortured her 
nips in that room, but seeing her naked, gagged, and hobbling about the house was fun.

Eventually, I got her to the basement. I led her to the wall and shackled her ankles to the rings their. Then I 
forced her elbows, forced out and up by her hands still cuffed behind her neck, to the wall. She made the 
perfect target. I deflated the gag a little so I could hear her suffering better.

Then I got out my tit-torturing kit. It's filled with all kind of fun toys. First I took out the surgical clamp. I 
held it up for my blond-haired captive to see.

With one hand, I started gently teasing her right nipple. Slowly, it began to harden. I looked strait into 
Cindy's eyes while doing this. She was frightened. I waved the clamp in front of her face. She was more 
frightened.

When her nipple was standing out, I grabbed her breast with my hand and squeezed it. Cindy shut her eyes 
tight, but could not avoid the pain when I attached the clamp. The breathing through her gag became heavy 
and ragged.

I slapped the dangling clamp back and forth, watching how it made her breasts sway.

I went back to my tray and got a large rubber band. Squeezing and pulling at her left tit, I slid the band on 
until it was all the way against her chest and let it snap closed. It turned her tit-flesh white where it bit. I 
took another, tighter, band and did the same, this time about and inch above the first band. I continued this 
until there were four band on her left tit. It stood out strait and deformed. It looked very painful, and the low 
screeched Cindy was making enforced that idea.

Then I went and got a whip. This was a short bull-whip that left nasty red marks but wouldn't break the skin. 
Most of the time.

My first game with her tits was trying to whip of the clamp. It took about five hits, but I finally scored on 
her pinched nipple and the clamp came flying off. With each blow, Cindy screamed in pain, as I intended her 
to. She thrashed violently against her restraints. The screams through her gag were quite erotic. Loud and 
agonizing. Welts grew up around the five whip-marks.

When she calmed down, I lashed her right tit again. She screamed and thrashed about. I waited.

*THRASH*

*Aaaiiigghhh!!!*

wait

thrash

Scream.

Jonny came into the room to watch the show. He was eating pop-corn. "Like what you see?"

"Why are you being so gentle with her?"

This riled me up. I had thought I was being mean, but thinking back on it, I hadn't inflicted as much suffering 
on Cindy as she deserved.

"OK, boy, you try"

"Gladly!" He gave me a big smile. He loved this more than baseball. He walked up to Cindy, who looked 
down at him with fright. Moans almost like words escaped her mouth. Jonny laughed, "I'm going to enjoy 
hurting you, Cindy."

He went and got his junior electrician set. He attached leads to her nipples, the undersides of her breasts, her 
nose, her ears, her eyebrows, her thighs, her pussy lips, and even her toes. She was beginning to look like a 
Christmas-tree.

Mmm. The popcorn was good.

Instead of just turning the power on, and watch his playmate writhe in extreme agony like I had thought he 
planned, he went and got a poker from the fire place. It was cold, however.

"Cindy," he said, "I'm going to ungag you. every time you make a sound, I'll turn the power on for a 
minute." No asking if she understood. Just facts.

He reached up and undid the gag. She stretched her aching jaw but otherwise was silent. Then, without 
warning, he swung the poker with both hands fiercely into the side of her leg. She jolted and cried out. 
Without a word, Jonny turned on the power to Cindy. She creamed in agony for a minute, her body writhing 
in torture, her eyes again rolling up into her head. Since she made a sound, he left the power on for another 
minute. It took five minutes of painful, but harmless, shock-therapy to remind Cindy to be quiet. When she 
shut up, he started beating her again with the poker.

*SMACK* On the side of her leg. She jolted, but stayed quiet.

*SMACK* Into her sore and tender left tit, still squeezed hideously by the rubber bands. She shut her eyes 
and bit her tongue, but stayed quiet.

But when he rammed the poker against her cunt *SMACK* she cried out. **aaiinngghh** she shrieked, 
tossing her blond hair about in a frenzy.

Jonny turned on the power to her again, slightly higher this time. Cindy looked as if she was a bit of water 
on a red-hot pan, she quivered so much. Spittle flew from her mouth. Without thinking, she began squealing 
like a pig.

"Well, it's been fun, dad. but I gotta go play now..." and he ran off, handing me the poker. I just sat and 
watched Cindy vibrate with pain for a while. She shook so fiercely from the electricity I thought she make 
snap her bonds. So I unhooked her, and watched her writhe on the floor. She rolled around and around like 
some deranged maniac. The rubber bands snapped off her breast.

Eventually, all the leads onto her vulnerable naked flesh snapped off, and she lay on the floor. Small burns 
marked the regions where the electricity had entered her. She continued to drool and moan.

I uncuffed and uncolored her, and dragged her to the shower. I got undressed and stepped into the shower 
with her. My cock pressed against her flesh as I happily washed her hair and breasts and body. When she 
finally came around, I pushed her roughly over the low wall of the tub, removed the nosel from the shower, 
and used it like a whip to beat her ass again. The fact she could cry out "stop! please stop!" Told me she was 
OK still.

I stopped and yanked her so she faced me. She slumped against my body and whispered, "please... I'll do 
anything you want. just let me rest."

"Cindy," I said, groping a breast to emphasize my point, "I want to torture you. and you don't rest until I do. 
it's 9:30 now. I don't go to bed till around two."

She groaned and slumped to the floor. I figured she wanted to be tortured here, in the bathroom. Fine with 
me.

I grabbed a fat brush from a cabinet and began to beat her breasts with it. When she tried to cover herself, I 
put my knees on her elbows and smacked her face with the brush a few times. The bright red marks it drew 
out were very lovely.

I stood her up and pushed her into the wall. I pressed my body against her back, so my cock rested on her 
bruised ass-crack. I started fucking her pussy with the brush, keeping her against the wall. She wailed and 
cried, but I held her still. I moved the brush to her asshole.

"Please..." she begged me.

"Sure!" I was happy to reply, and jammed it in. Her shriek hurt my ears so much I had to strangle her a little 
bit to shut her up. But I think I overdid it, because she started spasming again, heaving for air as I slid the 
brush faster and faster in and out of her asshole.

I let go and she collapsed, gasping for air, hair-brush still poking out of her ass. "CRAWL!" I commanded 
and kicked her onto all fours. She crawled all around the bathroom. I made her stop by the toilet bowl. I 
peed in it and said "lap it up, bitch!" She went to pull her head away, but I forced it down into the pissy 
water. When I let her up to breath, I again commanded Cindy to drink, and she took a small sip and gagged. 
I kicked her in the gut and she puked into the toilet-bowl. My cock was near bursting point now, so I 
decided to take it easy. I picked her up and carried her downstairs. I hogtied and gagged her and set her on 
the couch next to me. I kneaded her tits and played with her pussy all during my favorite Friday TV shows.

I went to bed early, leaving Cindy hogtied inside her cage. To clean her off, I put a water-hose into her cage 
and left it on all night.

Oh, did I mention the cock gag I made her wear to bed? One of my favorites. Connected to a tube, it 
injected cum and piss into her throat at irregular intervals.

"Night night, Cindy. Sleep well! I've had such a fun time with you tonight. I've reserved all of tomorrow for 
you!"


