Cindy, Saturday



It was a beautiful morning the next day. I spent half an hour assembling something in the playroom for Cindy 
-- a high metal scaffolding, sure to be interesting. Then I went to get Cindy.

Although most of the water had sloshed out the sides of her mouth, she had swallowed enough that her belly 
was slightly distended. I untied her, took the gag off. She stood shakily in front of me.

I smiled at her and punched her stomach hard. She doubled over and puked out all the water.

Cindy's body was beginning to show the wear of her torture. Normally, I would let her have a few days to 
recoup and recover, but she was so hot and I was so horny. Besides, I hadn't played with her all that much. 
Today would be very interesting.

When she finished puking, I grabbed her and bent her over my knee. I began spanking her with a large 
knobbed paddle I had chosen for this task. Her squirming against me aroused me to a heat of passion, and I 
shouted and whooped in time along with Cindy's grunts and shouts, paddling her like a madman.

I threw down the paddle, and before she had time to even notice I'd stopped, grabbed the cruelly spiked 12" 
long 4" wide vibrator and jammed it in her pussy. She started howling as I just as viciously fucked her with 
it. I reached beneath her and groped her swollen left breast.

She and I were in sink. Her howls of agony in perfect rhythm with my pleasure. The fiercer she bucked, the 
harder I squeezed her tit and faster I fucked her.

I wish I could transcribe the howls she was making. They were -- musical, like the mewling of a cat. Her 
face was squished up tight, and she rolled her cute head back and forth while her body bucked at my 
pleasure.

I threw her to the ground, straddled her and tied her up the way she was the first day - arm restraints at 
elbows and wrists, leg restraints above and below the knee, a strap forcing her legs to fold up. Instead of the 
wide leather gag, I put a simple square block of wood in her mouth and held it in place by means of two 
tight clamps on the side of her lips. I left her there with the vibrator in her pussy. It had been a good start, 
but the day was stretched long before us.

At noon five of Jonny's friends came over to play. I had tied Cindy to a crossbeam, her legs and arms 
stretched strait out from her body so that she looked like an 'I', and was whipping her pussy and belly with a 
bullwhip.

I told Jonny he and his friends could play with her.

The youngest one, Timmy, 8, had never seen a naked woman before, although all the rest had participated in 
my sons games before. They encouraged Timmy to walk over to Cindy and feel her. He touched her soft 
hair, her eyes, her face; his hands explored her swollen breasts and abused pussy. He must have been a smart 
boy when it came to the ways of treating woman - he went to her out-stretched thigh and bit down on the 
soft flesh.

A single tear rolled down Cindy's face.

The boys played with their new toy for several hours. Greg wanted to play cowboys, so they brought Cindy 
down to use her as a horse. The shoved a brush in her ass to be her tail. when she tried to get away, they 
chased her around and lassoed her and tied her like a calf

"Since she's supposed to be a cow," said Timmy

"She is", said Jonny

"Shouldn't we brand her?"

Everyone thought this was a fine idea, except Cindy who started screaming. The boys dragged her over by 
the fireplace and put her in stocks. They couldn't decide on what kind of mark to give her, so they decided 
they'd just sign their names in her.

The process was slow because the fire wasn't very hot, so the poker got hot enough to brand her slowly and 
cooled down fast. And they had some difficulty holding the bucking and screaming Cindy still. Matthew sat 
on her back and lifted her head by her hair, and then started smacking her. She calmed down eventually, but 
he still kept smacking her. He had this big smile on his face. He kept repeating "Cindy ... Cindy ... Cindy" as 
he struck her over and over. He bruised her face a lot, so it became puffy and swollen, but since he was 
having fun, I figured just to leave them alone at play. At least they weren't tearing up the furniture.

Boys will be boys, and eventually they got tired of her, and they went out to play, leaving Cindy alone to 
mewl in the stocks.

I went and examined her body. They boys had done a good job of signing their name. Little Timmy's name 
was emblazoned on her left sole; Matthew's on her asscheeks; Greg's between her shoulder blades; bob's 
right below her swollen left eye. My son's name was burned into her soft flesh right at the base of her left tit 
it fancy letters.

I took off her gag and kissed her lips. "Please," she begged me, "I can't take anymore..." her swollen face 
showed her emotions distortedly "...please just stop. just stop please..." and she hung her head down. I lifted 
it up again by her hair: "Oh, no Cindy, your going to take a lot more." When I said this, she began sobbing 
uncontrollably. I laughed at her and sat down on her ass to think.

I carried down to the play room, and hung her by her arms and legs to the scaffolding, so that her tits and 
head hung downward, five feet off the floor.

"No..." she muttered over and over, although I hadn't really done anything to her yet. I went and got some 
clamps and weights. I had to hold her head still and force her jaw open to fit the first screw-clamp onto her 
pink tongue. A half-pound weight got attached their. "Nnrrgghh" she went.

I similarly clamped and weighted her upped and lower lips. "arrsshhgaaag" she went.

"Nice music, Cindy. Thanks for the entertainment."

Next, I braided three roped into her hair and tied their loose ends to two-pound weights. Her head was 
forced downward by all the stress.

Next, I took a big industrial clamp and screwed it onto her right tit. Her moaning became louder, and even 
louder still when the first two-pound weight went on. It stretched her tit downward some, but not enough, 
so I put a five-pound weight on the end of that. Her tit-flesh stretched more.

I stopped weighing her long enough to get out the buggy-whip and smack her stretched-out tit a few times. 
Cindy shrieked in pain and her body jiggled as much as it could.

"Now, now, Cindy." I said "none of that. We still have a long while to go."

I went to her other, more mauled, nipple and again attached the camp and weights. On this one I put twenty 
pounds of pressure, and her tit stretched down obscenely. It was a pleasure to whip it severely until it was all 
red and blistery. Cindy thrashed and accompanied my attention with shrill screams, distorted by the weight 
on her tongue and lips.

I laughed, "if you don't be quiet, Cindy, I'll have to hurt you" she must not have heard me, for she kept on 
screaming with each whip-stroke.

Temporarily satisfied with her tit torture, I moved to her pussy. I separated her legs with a bar forcing her 
knees apart. Clamps went on her pussy-lips and clit. One pound went on each, and they stretched down, 
aching for more abuse. I took out a sharp needle and began pricking the exposed flesh. With each prick, 
Cindy shuddered. At one point, her crying stopped. The stupid bitch had gone unconscious on me!

I injected stimulant into her arm to keep her up. When her eyes snapped open, I said "please, Cindy. I'm 
trying to have fun here. if this bores you, just wait."

I left Cindy weighed down by my abusive clamps and weights to get a beer. When I came back, I turned my 
loving care to her asshole. Cindy didn't seem to mind the weights at all -- se just moaned softly. I was afraid 
she'd go unconscious again. I thought how to wake her up again...

I got some kerosene jelly and put on thick rubber gloves. Scooping out the jelly, I started to rub it around 
her ass, poking a finger into that slit every now and again. Then I got a large handful, and, forcing her tight 
but bruised asshole open, stuck my fist in and generously lathered up her insides.

The kerosene seeped into the cuts she must have had by then in her ass, and in no time at all, Cindy was 
screaming again.

I sat down and slowly stroked myself as the blond girl writhed in agony. Nothing too good for her.

But her screams began to irritate me, so I undid all the weights (her breasts stayed mauled) and stuck a hose 
in her ass to clean out the kerosene. When I was done, I left her to sleep hanging in the framework.

When I went inside, there was a knock on the door. It was a pretty long-haired brunette girl-scout selling 
cookies.

"Sure," I smiled, "I'll buy ten boxes. please come inside while I get my checkbook."

The unwittingly 13 year old came skipping in. When the door closed, I snapped by hand out and yanked her 
up high by her hair.

"What ... ungg ... put me down ... your hurting me!" She struggled as I took her down to see Cindy. When 
she saw the 20 year old hanging there, bruised and battered, she went wild. I closed the door and let her go. 
Cindy woke up to the screaming and was apauled. I took the cat-o-nine-tails from the wall and chained the 
young girl scout around the room, whipping and flailing her. One mighty blow struck her tender head, and 
she collapsed dazed. I dragged her below Cindy and tied her tightly to the frame.

'Don't worry" I told Cindy, " she wont last long. I don't tae time with the young ones."

Indeed, I don't. The brunette was dead in a few hours. But don't think of me that way - I didn't kill her. Girls 
should be trained to take my kind of abuse. A hard flogging left her back bloody and bruised. Her tiny tits 
got unfortunately lacerated when I whipped her front.

Since I wasn't going to stick my cock in Cindy, I reamed this girls ass meanly. She cried so much I had to 
strangle her to silence.

When I was done, I put her in an airtight box and threw it down the basement with all the others. Now, if 
you think I killed her, you're strange.

I came back and cleaned my shit-covered cock on Cindy's hair. I let her down from the framework and let 
her crawl into her cage. There she sat weeping and crying for half an hour before falling asleep.

I woke her up that evening in time for Saturday night live. In the living room, there was a wooden horse 
with two large vibrators on it. Cindy didn't want to sit on them, but a few smacks to her ass had her 
quiescent enough to strap her on. I tied her hands above her head by roped from the ceiling and cuffed her 
feet to the legs of the horse. Turning the vibrators on, I watched SNL. Each commercial break, I'd turn up 
the vibrators. A wide red ball-gag kept her quite enough for me to enjoy the show.

When it was over, I took the quivering girl off the horse and hung her upside down from the ceiling. I 
whipped her a few times, watching her spin around and cry out, and then went to bed.

Of course, Cindy was still hanging from the ceiling when I came down for breakfast. Jonny was rubbing his 
small cock against her abused breasts.

"Give her breakfast!" I ordered, and he gladly took off her gag and shot a load into her mouth. I held her jaw 
closed until she swallowed.

"Very good son. what's the lessen there?"

"Umm ... you should never waste your cum I anything but a girls mouth?"

"Very, very good! let's eat!"

We tied Cindy to an extra chair during breakfast. We had bacon and eggs and toast and cereal and 
hashbrowns and biscuits. When we were done, we stuffed a handful of dog-food into Cindy's mouth and 
forced her to swallow.

"What do you want to do today, son?"

"I wanna go to the park!"

"OK, let's go."

We packed a picnic lunch. We dressed Cindy and led her to the car. The park was an hour drive away, but it 
was sufficiently deserted.

Jonny really enjoyed Cindy at the park. He led her around by a leach and dunked her into the water, getting 
the fancy dress we had put on her all wet. We hung the dress up to dry, and Jonny invented new clothes for 
Cindy. A twig bra and leaf underpants were what he came up with. He gagged her with an apple so he could 
have even more fun.

He sat her on a log and stood facing her. He slapped her face then her stomach. Face head stomach. 
Stomach head face ... until he had a rhythm going.

Then we played a dunking game with her. Whoever held her head under water longest without her going 
unconscious won. Although she struggled like a wild pig, we were able to finish the game. Jonny won. Held 
her under for almost a minute.

As a reward, he got to do anything he wanted with her. At first he wanted to fuck her ass, but seeing how 
fucked-up that had become, he had to do something different. So he had me strap her face forward against a 
large oak. Then he covered her ass with honey and threw a stone at the bees nest in the tree.

The bees swarmed down all over Cindy, especially her but, where they crawled in and out of her pussy and 
ass and stung her multiple times. Jonny and I were laughing so hard we literally rolled on the ground 
watching Cindy's anguished squirminess. She wriggled her honey coated ass about trying to avoid the bees, 
but that just made them angrier.

We left her that way while we took a walk in the park. We saw an elderly couple walking the paths and  said 
good day to them. When we came back, Cindy had fainted from pain and fear, but the bees were still 
crawling all over her. We took pictures for later.

When we got home, there was a sign on the door asking if we had seen a 20 year old blond names Cindy 
who'd disappeared a week ago.

We both looked at our captive, with here bruised face, swollen tits, bitten ass, and shook our heads. Nope, 
never seen anyone like her.

Cindy was unconscious far too long, but a good tit-whipping woke her up. She seemed confused for a 
minute, then started caterwauling slowly as the braided whip bit into her tender and abused tits. She wasn't 
tied up or anything, just gagged with a bar of soap tied between her teeth, so she tried to cover herself from 
the whip. Well, her hands needed a whipping too, so I kept it up.

It turned out Jonny remembered this was the anniversary of his first time ass-fucking as girl, so we threw a 
party. In honor of the occasion, we used Cindy's ass. She apparently didn't mind -- well, she didn't scream all 
night at least.

We placed the collar on her again and cuffed her hands to it in front. Then we bent her legs forward and 
strapped them straight to her body and lowered her wrapped up like this into an empty trash-can just high 
enough so it didn't cover her stuck-out rear end.

First, I put a handful of party-candles in her butthole and lit them. We sang a song, and then Jonny blew 
them out. Jonny drank a coke bottle, and I drank some whine. Cindy's ass became a receptacle for them both 
- at the same time. It was a tight fit, but the mewls of pain echoing out of the garbage can was worth the 
effort.

Next in her ass went some sparklers; enjoyed fucking her bleeding bung-hole with a cylinder of cement he 
found at a construction site.

various vibrators were next: a small spined one, a medium sized inflatable one, and then a huge 6" wide one 
with rotating spiked sections.

I thought that last one would tear her up pretty bad, and it did, but it didn't kill her. But it pretty much de-
sensitized her to the wonderful things we stuck in her ass next - pencils and scissors and some rocks.

Since she was no fun anymore, we urinated on her and left the room. The next morning, I found her half-
drowned in the piss. It must have taken some effort to stay alive. I like spirit in a girl.

She stank pretty bad when I lifted her from the garbage can in the morning. "I'm going off to work, Jonny. I 
know you have the day off, so package Cindy up for me nicely, and we'll finish with her when I get home.

Jonny told me Cindy was waiting for my upstairs when I got in. I immediately rushed up to see what he'd 
done. The position he had put this beautiful blond in took my breath away.



Her left leg as strapped against her chest, with the foot over her head. She was hanging from the ceiling by 
three teflon rods he'd pounded through her ankle -- the rods were then hooked up to chains in the ceiling. 
Her other leg was weighed down by a fifty-pound weight, and between these two, she was a little cock-
sides.

But his imagination didn't end there - her visible tit had three big spikes pushed through it, and these spikes 
were attached by leads to a generator a few feet off. Also attached to this generator was the huge bare metal 
curling iron wedged in her asshole. Her pussy lips were stapled closed but there was a short line hanging 
slightly out of it.

"A stick of dynamite." He clarified.

Her arms were stretched out obscenely behind her, with her hands nailed to a wooden board, which was held 
up by spikes pressing into Cindy's back.

I was so exited I threw the switch to the power generator. All the electrical things heated u very quickly, and 
the new searing pain started Cindy screaming through the innovative gag -- her mouth was held open by 
several clamps, and an iron bar forced through her tongue kept it stuck out.

We masturbated quickly, standing on ladders to dump our loads in Cindy's mouth. I hadn't cum in days, and 
I gushered all over her face, getting it her hair, up her nose and, of course, most of it down her throat. Her 
delightful pain brought me quickly to orgasm.

Then we left the room, listening to the muted scream of our tortured woman. I went to bed at one, and she 
was still screaming. I was woken up by a loud bang a few hours later. The screaming had stopped. I felt sad 
for a moment. I hadn't hurt her as much as possible -- she might have enjoyed a few moments of her stay 
with my. Then I fell back to sleep, remembering there's always the next day...


