Archive-name: 3plus/cindypar.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Cindy's Party


Well since I logged on here my mail is going crazy with all
of your lusty typings...I LOVE IT!!! So here for all of you
is my newest and favorite fantasy and it includes all of you
that have written to me.

As all of you know I love to masturbate while being watched,
and have the watcher join me before it all said and done
with. So I would have a party with all of you there just to
watch me!

It would start like any other party only I would greet you
all at the door wearing a corset of red with black lace, a
nice little pair of red see thru panties, garter belt, hose
(probably black with a seem), and 4" heels. I would greet you
all with a long deep wet kiss and then show you to the bar
area for some small talk and to get to know you all.

Once everyone was relax and getting those wonderfully warm
and tingle thoughts I would start my show. I have this
wonderful round table that I would put in the middle of the
room with all my furniture and pillows set around so you all
could get the best views. I would start a very sexy dance for
you all ( I have danced ballet for 20 years and am very good)
I think that I would spend a great deal of time just making
you all hot before I got to the point of taking anything off,
and I am sure that having all of your eyes on me would leave
my panties wet for you all to see.

I would lower the top of the corset so that my breasts were
bared to one and all of you. I then would get off the table,
still dancing, and make my way over to you Hank. Standing in
front of you, I would start rubbing my nipples utile they are
rosy red and hard. I then would let you try and make them
harder with you touch and your lips. But not for too long for
there are other guests, so I reach down give your cock a nice
little pat though you pants and move on. Who next... Nick...
yes... I would let you suck my nipples nice and hard, but
like with Hank no to long. Next I would go to James Jason, I
have read that he has a 15" cock and I would have to see if
this were true, because the way I dance it would be hard and
if it was not I would get it that way be fore I left. From
James I would move on to Sexy Lori. Because you sound like a
girl after my own heart, as well as a girl I would like to
get into, I would give you the honor of peeling my now
socking wet panties off ( I'll have you now Lori that with
that simple action you will be the first girl to touch me in
5 years), but before you could do to much more then tickle my
love hole a couple of times I would have to move on. Next I
would dance between Rambler and Spacemaster and let them
slowly remove my stockings. Now since my feet would have to
leave the floor to remove them, I would have Dick Wilson
stand behind me to support me (I think you know where I want
your hands). After My stockings are removed I would give you
all a chance to feel me up good, but sadly for you I still
have more guests. Next, now totally Naked I would go to the 2
couples I invited, Neuromance and his girl and Tim Desanders
and Leslie. I would just get as close to the four of you as I
could and let 8 hands and 4 sets of lips have a few moments
of fun with me.  I figure that all of this would only take 10
or 15 minutes, remember I just am trying to set the mood.

Now I dance my way back to the table, and slowly, sexually
get back up on it making sure you all get a good view of all
my curves, nooks and cranies. I would conclude my dance and
sink to my knees and spread them wide so my pussy lips part
and those of you in front on me could see my pink dripping
wetness. I then would start playing with my tits for all of
you. Slowly squeezing them and pulling my nipples. I would
then slowly bend my head down and bring my left nipple to my
mouth and suck it long and loud, and then replace it with my
right nipple and do the same. With my own spit dripping off
my nipples, I would let my fingers slide down my tummy untill
the reached the top of my slit.

Before I would go any further I ask you all to sit on the
floor around the table, and of course when you cum to my
table to feast your eyes on me, your dinner for the evening,
I expect you all to be naked or at least have your self
visible to me. The only other rule I would have would be that
no one would be able to touch me again until I cum for all of
you the first time.

I would then move so that I was in front of you Nick. I would
reach down and stick 2 fingers into my hot and juicy box and
pump then in and out while I tiddled my clit with the other
hand never taking my eyes off of your cock as you jerk off
watching me. After about 30 seconds I would back up so I was
in the middle of the table and bend over so that James and
Dick who would be behind me would get a great view of my ass
and my pumping fingers. I then move so I am sitting in front
of Tim and Leslie with my feet on the floor and my legs
spread wide. Tim and Leslie would be playing with each other
as they watch me. I would offer Leslie my cum coated fingers
to lick clean, which she would hungrily suck clean. I would
then role on to my stomach and stick a finger up my ass right
in front of Neuromance and his girlfriend. I would look back
to see her go down on him while he plays with her pussy and
ass. After removing my finger from my ass, in would move to
the three of you that I had not yet visited. Spacemaster,
Lori, and Hank. Lori you would be sitting between them on
your knees, much like the position I was in when I started on
the table, Hank would have 2 fingers in your pussy while
Spacemaster would have 1 up inside your hot little butt and
both of them would be playing with you tits. You lucky little
lady, would have a cock in each hand, stroking them like mad.

Then I lay back on the verge of cumming and I start to really
frig my clit. I then have all the guys stand around me and
ask them all to cum all over me as I cum. As all the guys
stand around me pulling their cocks I can see the girls all
tying to find a good spot to watch the shower I am about to
receive. The girls all reach out and fill their hands with
the guys balls and start to rub and message them as the guys
jerk. With all these cocks only inches away and my fingers
working over time I begin to cum. Now sooner then I start to
scream in joy, I am blasted by a shot of hot cum from Nick,
it lands on my face and tits and feels great. That start a
chain reaction and I am covered in hot cum. By cleavage is
turned into a river of cum, and I am still cumming.

With the guys drained, I see Sexy little Lori come towards
me, with Leslie and the other girl stepping on to the table.
Lori removes my finger from my clit and replaces it with her
own as she sucks my cum covered nipple into her mouth.
Neuromances's girl friend takes my other nipple into her
mouth and sucks on it while drinking as much of cum from my
tits as she can. Leslie then comes to me and tongues the cum
from my face and then gives me a long wet cum filled kiss.
I am still cumming and with a finale finger from Leslie in my
cunt I cross all the way over the fence and my cum literally
gushes from my pussy.

The Girls continue to lick and suck the cum from my body
finally I come back to my senses enough to sit up and give
each of the girls a kiss. Needing a break I get up but tell
the girls to continue, which of course they do. All of the
guys watch and stroke their cocks back to life. I go to the
Kitchen for a glass of water and Hank quitely follows me. As
I poor a glass of water Hank comes up behind me and I feel
his cock along the crack of my ass and his hand on my tits.
Hank begins to kiss and suck on the back of my neck while he
rubs my tits in such a way that it makes me want to cum
again. I am still so wet that as his cock slides down my ass
it slips right into my wet little slit. HMMM hank your cock
feels so good...Stick it in me...Please....Now.....and you
do. You cock slides right up my pussy in one stroke. I push
my ass back into you as hard as I can,...HARDER...DEEPER...I
can't get enough of you cock...I push against the counter in
order to get more of you cock up my ravenous
cunt..faster...harder...HARDER...Hank your cock is so good I
want it everywhere....DEEPER...HARDER...we go at it for ten
full minutes and then it happens...I start to cum again, only
this time having your hard cock in me, my orgasm is a full
and wonderful one. As my orgasm subsides I have you pull out
so I can finish you my favorite way...so go ahead Hank fuck
my mouth with you cock...You start pumping your cock in and
out of my mouth as I suck you deep into my throat. As you
pump that cock of yours I start playing with your ball with
one hand while squeezing you ass with the other. As you pump
faster I bring one of my fingers to my pussy and insert it
into my hot wetness. I suck and squeeze harder and get you to
the point of no return...Are you ready to cum Hank???...cum
for me...I take the finger from my cunt and slowly insert it
in to you ass. As my finger goes into your ass, you start to
soot deep in my throat...cum...cum...I wiggle my finger and
you shot another stream down my throat but some of it drips
out of the side of my mouth. Your legs give out and you
slowly sink to the floor, letting your cock draw a line of
cum down my body as you go. I give you a wet hot kiss, my
thrist now quenched (for the time) and depart for the living
room.

Well as I round the corner from the kitchen I am greeted by a
sight of pure sex and lust...you all have started an orgy
that looks to have all the signs of lasting all night...and
as your hostass I am going to make sure that it does.

( I think I'll stop he for now I need to relieve my pussy as
I reread the story but don't worry I service you all in the
day to come ((hanks letter to me was the hottest so far so I
let him have me alone first)) so watch for the file
CINDYPA2.sty in the next few days Luv to you all and if you
receive this please give me some ideas to finish with. as
always Drippingly yours Cindy)

--
