                 CINDY'S BARGAIN

                 by J.P. Viddler



     Arnold stood up as Cindy came into his office.
     
     "What can I do for you, Cindy?" Arnold said.
     
     "I'd like to talk to you for a minute, Arnold," Cindy said.
     
     "Okay," Arnold said. "What's it about?"

     "I don't want you to fire my husband," Cindy said.

     "I don't think I can do anything else," Arthur said. "I'm 
sorry, but--"

     "I thought maybe I could talk you out of it," Cindy said.

     "What makes you think that?" Arnod said.

     "I thought that if you could do this for me, I could do 
something for you," Cindy said.

     "Oh?" Arnold said. "What did you have in mind?"

     "This," Cindy said, and she came up against him, pressing 
her body against him, all of her pressing into him, melting 
against his body from shoulders to knees. "This is what I had in 
mind," Cindy said, and she brought her mouth to his and kissed 
him, hard, mouth opening, lips soft and pliant and hungry against 
him, her tongue moving boldly but sensuously into his mouth, 
searching, probing, moving slowly against his tongue, around in 
his mouth, lips clinging, her arms tight around him, panting now 
into his mouth, body squirming against him, kissing him for a 
long time. At last she broke the kiss, slowly, but held her body 
against his. Arnold had an erection, and he knew Cindy could feel 
it probing at her body.

     "That's very persuasive," Arnold said.

     "Yes," Cindy said. "I can tell that it is." And she moved 
her torso against his hardness, her body sliding slowly, 
teasingly from side to side, pushing against it. "You want me," 
Cindy said. "Don't you, Arnold? You want my body."

     "Of course," Arnold said. "Of course I do. And if I don't 
fire Arthur--"

     "It's yours," Cindy said, still sliding her lower body 
against him, still pressing her breasts hard into his chest, 
still brushing his thighs with her soft smooth thighs. 
"Anything," Cindy said. "Anything you want, Arnold. Anything."

     "Anything?" Arnold said.

     "Anything," Cindy said. "Anything at all."

     "That's good," Arnold said. "Because I have something in 
mind also."

     "What is it?" Cindy said.

     Arnold gently but firmly pushed Cindy away, until she was at 
arm's length. "This," Arnold said, and hit her with his open hand 
across the face, very hard, producing a loud cracking sound and 
causing Cindy to stumble backward across the room, almnost 
falling before awkwardly regaining her balance. A sharp cry of 
astonishment and pain came from her throat. She stood staring at 
him, one hand to her face, her eyes wide.

     "I had that in mind," Arnold said. "How about it, Cindy?"

     Cindy only looked at him for a long moment. Then she spoke. 
"If that's what it takes," Cindy said.

     "Well," Arnold said. "We might be able to make a bargain 
after all."

     "That's what I thought," Cindy said.

     "You have a great body, Cindy," Arnold said.

     "I know," Cindy said.

     "Your breasts are amazing," Arnold said. "The way they stand 
up and out, all round and firm and sexy-looking."

     "Do you want to see them, Arnold?" Cindy said.

     "Yes," Arnold said. "But I'll tell you when, Cindy."

     "All right," Cindy said.

     "And your legs are fabulously sensuous," Arnold said.

     "I know," Cindy said. "Think about having them wrapped 
around you, Arnold."

     "I do," Arnold said. "I think about a lot of things. Your 
mouth, for instance."

     "I'm awfully good with my mouth," Cindy said.

     "I'll just bet you are," Arnold said. "I know you can kiss 
with it. I'll bet you can suck with it."

     "I can suck your brains out with it," Cindy said.

     "And," Arnold said, "I'll bet you can scream with it, too."

     Cindy took a breath.

     "If that's what you want," Cindy said. "I'm sure I can do 
that to your satisfaction as well."

     "Come here, Cindy," Arnold said. "Come here and kiss me 
again."

     Cindy walked up to him slowly, and again pressed her body 
hard against his, breasts mashing on his chest, thighs rubbing 
his, torso pushing into his hard-on, which swiftly began to grow 
again. Again her mouth was on his, open and moving, and her 
tongue was in his mouth, probing, caressing, stroking. Arnold 
kissed her back, passionately, with one arm around her waist, 
holding her against him. His other hand was in her hair, which 
was black and straight and hung almost to her shoulders. Cindy 
moaned softly into Arnold's mouth as her tongue reached for his 
throat, with her breasts flattening still harder against him with 
every panting breath. Arnold clutched a handful of Cindy's hair 
in his hand and closed it into a fist, pulling her hair sharply 
while holding her mouth against his. Cindy's moans got louder, 
and soon became sounds of pain as well as passion. Still kissing 
her, Arnold twisted his fist deliberately, as though trying to 
pull Cindy's hair out of her scalp. Cindy was groaning now, 
groaning and gasping into Arnold's mouth. Arnold held her as she 
was. Cindy pulled her tongue away, and Arnold thrust his into 
that gasping, moaning mouth, mashing her lips, holding her body 
hard against him. Cindy's body was writhing in a new way, 
writhing with pain, and tears fell from her eyes. But she did not 
attempt to pull away from him.

     At last Arnold broke the kiss and stepped back from her; but 
his hand was still in Cindy's hair, although his grip had 
loosened a bit. Cindy was gasping and panting hard, and tears 
were rolling coninuously down her face.

     "That's nice, Cindy," Arnold said. "That's very nice. I 
enjoy kissing you that way."

     Cindy said nothing, but her tear-filled eyes met his without 
dropping.

     Arnold took his hand away. "On your knees, Cindy," Arnold 
said.

     Cindy stood motionless. "I take it," Cindy said, "we have a 
deal."

     Arthur hit her across the face again.

     Cindy rocked, but did not move this time. "Don't touch me 
again, Arnold," Cindy said. "Not until you answer my question."

     "Provided you go through with your part, Cindy. Until I'm 
finished with you."

     "I will," Cindy said.

     "Then we have a deal," Arnold said.

     "All right," Cindy said. And she sank down to her knees in 
front of him.

     Arnold stepped closer, until Cindy's face was almost 
touching his crotch. His hard-on was bulging through his 
trousers. "Suck it, Cindy," Arnold said. "Suck it right through 
the cloth."

     Cindy did as he said, putting her mouth over the lump in his 
pants, taking it in as best she could. Arnold felt her lips 
rubbing him, her tongue licking at him through the cloth. He 
watched her mouthing that stiff protuberance.

     "That's good," Arnold said. "You can stop now."

     Cindy looked up at him. "Shall I take it out, Arnold?" Cindy 
said.

     "No," Arnold said. "Stand up."

     Cindy stood. "Wouldn't you like me to take my clothes off, 
Arnold?" Cindy said. "Don't you want to see me naked?"

     "Do you want me to hit you again?" Arnold said.

     "Not particularly," Cindy said.

     "Then shut up," Arnold said. "I'll tell you what I want to 
see."

     "All right, Arnold," Cindy said.

     "What I want to see right now," Arnold said, "is your legs. 
I always admired your legs, Cindy."

     "I know," Cindy said.

     "I want to see all of them," Arnold said. "Pull your skirt 
up, Cindy. All the way. Pull it up around your waist."

     "All right," Cindy said. She took hold of her skirt, which 
hung just below her knees, showing sinuous, intricately curving 
calves, and slowly, provocatively, pulled it up. Up over her 
knees, up, baring her thighs to him, baring them gradually, the 
sensuous, smooth white shapely enticing nakedness of her thighs, 
pulling it higher, higher, baring all of her thighs, all of her 
legs, pulling it up, up, past her hips, up around her waist. 
Holding it there. Revealing her brief white panties. And her 
long, luscious, sensuously voluptuous legs.

     Arnold looked at Cindy's legs for a long time.

     "Turn around," Arnold said finally. "Slowly. All the way 
around."

     And Cindy did. Arnold watched the delicate sensuous play of 
muscle in Cindy's thighs, the sinuous rippling of flesh as 
Cindy's legs moved, not taking his gaze away from them until 
Cindy was facing him again.

     "You do like them, don't you, Arnold," Cindy said.

     "I do," Arnold said. "I'm looking forward to having them 
wrapped around my waist."

     "Just say the word, Arnold," Cindy said.

     "Oh, I will," Arnold said. "But there's something else I 
want to do to them first."

     "What's that?" Cindy said.

     "Whip the shit out of them," Arnold said.

     "Oh," Cindy said.

     "Don't drop your skirt, Cindy," Arnold said. "Just keep 
holding it just as it is."

     Cindy stood, holding the skirt around her waist. With 
deliberate slowness, Arnold unbuckled his belt. Then Arnold 
pulled it from around his waist, sliding it out of the loops of 
the pants. It was a thick brown leather strap. Cindy, watching 
him, said nothing. Arnold wrapped the belt around his hand twice, 
holding it by the buckle, and let it swing from his hand, finding 
just the length he wanted.

     "Bend over my desk, Cindy," Arnold said. "Don't let your 
skirt go. Hold it where it is, but just turn around and bend 
forward over my desk."

     Cindy stood still for a moment. Then she turned and moved 
slowly to Arnold's desk, and bent over it.

     "All the way, Cindy," Arnold said. "All the way down."

     Cindy, holding her skirt in front of her, bent sharply 
forward, until her face rested on Arnold's desk. her panty-
covered rear thrust up and out, and her tawny-skinned thighs were 
taut and straining. Arnold took in the sight of her long, bare, 
curvaceous legs.

     "That's good, Cindy," Arnold said. "That's just lovely. 
Don't move now." And Arnold swung his belt swiftly up and back, 
and then brought it down with all the strength of his arm across 
the tight skin of Cindy's upper thigh. It made a sharp cracking 
sound. Cindy's body jumped, and a loud cry came from her mouth.

     Arnold was smiling. "Did that hurt, Cindy?" Arnold said.

     "Christ!" Cindy said. "Yes. It hurt like hell."

     "That's good," Arnold said. "Stay right there, Cindy." And 
he hit her again, just above her knee joint.

     "Oh, Christ! Jesus! Cindy yelped. "Damn it, Arnold--"

     "What, Cindy?" Arnold said. "Is something wrong?"

     "No," Cindy said after a pause. "No, Arnold."

     "Good," Arnold said, and swung the strap again, hitting 
Cindy halfway down those voluptuous thighs. Cindy cried out 
loudly, twisting on the desk, but said nothing. "I love this," 
Arnold said, and he whipped Cindy's straining thighs again, and 
then again, and again, lashing the strap across the reddening 
flesh, as Cindy yelled and gasped, squirming and rolling on the 
hard unyielding surface of Arnold's desk.

     Cindy's thighs were now striped with the marks of Arnold's 
whipping. Arnold paused to take in that luscious sight.

     "Arnold," Cindy said, gasping and panting. "You'll make me 
scream. I'm going to scream if you don't stop."

     "Good," Arnold said.

     "But--but they'll hear--outside--"

     "I don't care," Arnold said. "Do you care, Cindy?"

     "I--I--" Cindy said.

     "Pull your pants down for me, Cindy," Arthur said. "So I can 
hit your ass."

     "Oh, god," Cindy said. But she brought her hands to the 
waistband of her panties and slid them down her hips, baring her 
round, firm bottom, sticking up provocatively in her bent 
position.

     Arnold lashed his belt down across it. As hard as he could. 
Once. Twice. Three times. Four.

     Cindy screamed.

     "Good," Arnold said. "Now they know"

     Cindy was moaning.

     "All right, Cindy," Arnold said. "You can stand up now."

     Cindy slowly stood, unsteadily, turning to face him, still 
holding her skirt around her waist, with her panties still 
clinging halfway down her thighs.

     "You can strip for me now," Arnold said. "You wanted to show 
me your body, Cindy. Now's your chance. Do it slowly, Cindy."

     "All right, Arnold," Cindy said. She was still breathing 
hard, still swaying slightly on her pain-wracked legs. But she 
still stood proudly, almost defiantly, watching Arnold's avid 
gaze as she began to take off her clothing for him. First she 
discarded her skirt, opening it and letting it drop, and swiftly 
slid the panties down her legs. Although Arnold had now already 
seen all that was thus revealed, Cindy in just a blouse, naked 
below the waist, was a fabulously erotic sight. And Cindy knew 
it. Turning slowly before him, Cindy smiled slightly at his rapt 
attention.

     Now Cindy's hands rose to the buttons on her blouse. "I'm 
not wearing a bra, Arnold," Cindy said. "Just this."

     "I know," Arnold said. "I can tell. I could tell that when I 
had you against me and I could feel your nipples through my 
shirt."

     "Do you want to look at my breasts, Arnold?" Cindy said.

     "You know I do," Arnold said. "Take it off, Cindy."

     "All right, Arnold," Cindy said. Slowly she unbuttoned the 
top button. And then the next button. And the next. Slowly. All 
the way down. Watching Arnold watching her. With all the buttons 
open at last, Cindy, looking directly into Arnold's eyes, smiling 
slightly, slowly pulled the blouse open, baring her breasts to 
him. And took it off. And let it fall. Cindy stood tall and naked 
as Arnold's gaze raked her breasts, lingered.

     "Do you like them, Arnold?" Cindy said. "Do you like my 
body?"

     "It's fantastic," Arnold said. "It's just fantastic, that 
body."

     "I know," Cindy said. "And you want it."

     "And I'm going to have it," Arnold said.

     "It's all yours, Arnold," Cindy said.

     "All right, Cindy," Arnold said. "You can get back on your 
knees now."

     Cindy shrugged. "All right, Arnold," Cindy said. "If that's 
what you want." And Cindy sank down to the floor and knelt in 
front of him. Arnold unzipped his pants and took out his penis, 
which was hard and stiff.

     "Suck for me, Cindy," Arnold said. "Suck it good."

     "Of course," Cindy said. And Cindy slowly took Arnold's 
penis into her mouth. All the way into her mouth. And Cindy began 
to make love to that penis with that mouth. And with her lips, 
and her tongue, and her throat. For a long time. As Arnold stood, 
swaying slightly, moaning occasionally, looking down at Cindy's 
slowly bobbing head.

     "You're good," Arnold said softly. "God, you're really damn 
good at this, Cindy."

     "Mmm-hmmm," Cindy said.

     "I'm going to come in your mouth, Cindy," Arnold said.

     "Mmm," Cindy said, licking him.

     "Cindy," Arnold said. "I'm going to come in your mouth. But 
I don't want you to swallow it, Cindy. Not yet. Okay?"

     "Mmmnnhh?" Cindy said.

     "No," Arnold said. "I want you to hold it in your mouth. All 
right, Cindy? Do you understand me? I want you to just hold it 
all in your mouth until I say different. All right, Cindy?"

     "Mmm-hmm," Cindy said, her head moving.

     "Good," Arnold said. "Good, Cindy. Oh, good, Cindy. That's 
so good. It's coming, Cindy. Hold it now. It's coming right into 
your fine little sucking mouth, Cindy. Here it is, Cindy. Now. 
Here it is. Here...it...is..." And Arnold, panting, jerking, 
holding on to Cindy's long dark hair, shot hard into Cindy's 
sucking mouth, again and again and again.

     Finally, happily, Arnold pulled himself out of Cindy's 
mouth. Now Arnold crouched down by the still kneeling Cindy, her 
mouth now full of his gism.

     "Hold it, Cindy," Arnold said softly, watching Cindy's 
tightly closed lips, her distorted cheeks, her rising and falling 
bosom as she panted hard through her nostrils. "Don't spill a 
drop, Cindy. That's a good girl." Arnold reached out and put a 
hand over Cindy's breast, then ran that hand slowly and lovingly 
over her body. "All right, Cindy," Arnold said. "Put your head 
back a little, so I can watch you swallowing my scum. Don't 
swallow yet, though." Cindy tilted her head back, giving him an 
unobstructed view of her soft smooth throat. "Slowly now, Cindy," 
Arnold said. "Swallow it down. All of it. Swallow it all down, 
Cindy, while I watch you." Holding her head back, Cindy did as 
Arnold said, slowly swallowing the stuff in her mouth, swallowing 
and swallowing, taking it all down her throat, as Arnold watched 
the slow, rhythmic movement of her throat, swallowing again and 
again. And again. Until there was nothing more to swallow.

     "That's fine, Cindy," Arnold said. "You are without a doubt 
the most talented cock-sucker I know."

     "Thank you, Arnold," Cindy said. "I'm glad you enjoyed it."

     "Do you suck like that for your husband?" Arnold said.

     "No," Cindy said. "That was just for you, Arnold."

     "That's bullshit," Arnold said.

     "Can I go now?" Cindy said.

     "Why, Cindy," Arnold said. "I haven't even fucked you yet."

     "I didn't know if you still wanted to," Cindy said.

     "But I do," Arnold said. "Isn't that what this was all 
about? You don't expecxt me to not fire old Arthur if I don't get 
to fuck that magnificent body, do you?"

     "All right, Arnold," Cindy said. "Anything you say. That's 
the deal, isn't it? If you still want to fuck me, I'll be the 
best fuck you ever had."

     "I'll bet you will, too," Arnold said. "But since I just 
came so beautifully in that mouth of yours, Cindy, it's going to 
take something particularly arousing to put me back in condition 
to fuck you properly."

     "I see," Cindy said. "And what might that be, Arnold?"

     "Well now," Arnold said. "What might that be?" He put a hand 
on Cindy's breast again, and squeezed it hard. "What do you think 
that might be, Cindy?"

     "I don't know," Cindy said. "But I'll bet it involves 
hurting me. Doesn't it, Arnold?"

     "That's a good speculation, Cindy," Arnold said. "Hurting 
you is indeed just about the most arousing thing I can thing of 
right now."

     "That's what I thought," Cindy said. "How are you planning 
to do that, Arnold?"

     "Oh, my," Arnold said. "I can think of a lot of ways, Cindy. 
An awful lot of ways. All of them truly stimulating. But I'll 
have to keep it simple, won't I? Nothing too fancy. Although some 
day I'd like to--ah, well. I'll stick to practical things. You 
don't smoke, do you, Cindy?"

     Cindy swallowed. "No," she said.

     "Nor do I," Arnold said. "So no cigarettes. What a shame. 
But that's all right. Let's stick to the tried and true, okay? My 
trusty belt did pretty well on your legs, didn't it, Cindy? And I 
think it will do just fine to go on with. All right, Cindy?"

     Cindy swallowed again. But she said, "Anything you say, 
Arnold."

     "Good," Arnold said. Standing up now, Arnold reached for his 
belt. Cindy watched him, still kneeling. "Lie down, Cindy," 
Arnold said. "Right there on the floor. Lie down and spread out."

     "All right, Arnold," Cindy said. She started slowly to lie 
down on her stomach.

     "No, Cindy," Arnold said. "On your back."

     Cindy stopped still.

     "On--on my back?" Cindy said.

     "That's right," Arnold said.

     "Oh, good Christ," Cindy said softly.

     Arnold waited.

     Cindy, slowly, turned her body and lay down on her back on 
the floor.

     "Spread out," Arnold said. "Spread wide. Stretch it out for 
me, Cindy."

     Cindy did as Arnold said, spreading her luscious body, 
stretching her arms up and out, splaying her legs wide apart.

     "More," Arnold said. And Cindy stretched that body still 
harder, arms reaching, legs straining, body flatly taut, breasts 
pulling up, muscles tight, all of her open, exposed, straining.

     "That's fine," Arnold said. "Just stay that way, Cindy. You 
just stay exactly that way, no matter what. All right, Cindy?"

     "All right, Arnold," Cindy said.

     "Lovely," Arnold said, raising his belt. And bringing it 
down hard across Cindy's unprotected stomach.

     Cindy screamed.

     "Don't move, Cindy," Arnold said.

     "Oh, Jesus," Cindy said. "Oh Christ Jesus. Oh god."

     "That was just practice, Cindy," Arnold said. "So is this." 
And he cracked the strap down across Cindy's outspread thighs. 
Cindy howled. Again Arnold's belt lashed across her stomach. 
Again Cindy screamed loudly.

     "That's so nice, Cindy," Arnold said. "I love hearing you 
scream, Cindy. I told you your mouth was made for screaming, 
didn't I?"

     "Oh god, oh god," Cindy said.

     "What do you suppose they're thinking out there, hearing 
you, Cindy?" Arnold said.

     "Christ, Arnold," Cindy said, moaning. "How much more?"

     "Don't move, Cindy. It won't be long now." Arnold began 
taking off his clothes. Cindy still lay spread out, breasts 
rising and falling with her panting, gasping breath. "As you can 
see, I'm very excited by your pain," Arnold said. "And I can 
hardly wait to get into that gorgeous body." His clothes were all 
off now, his penis sticking straight up, throbbing. "But I can't 
stop hurting you so enjoyably and just leave those marvellous 
breasts untouched, can I? They're so tempting, just waiting like 
that, all ready for the strap."

     "Please, Arnold," Cindy said. "Please."

     "Please what, Cindy?" Arnold said. "Are you backing out of 
our deal at this late date?"

     "I--no," Cindy said. "No, Arnold. Do what you want."

     "That's what I thought," Arnold said. He raised the strap. 
Cindy flinched slightly, but stayed as she was. Arnold took a 
long breath, brought himself up on his toes, and with a loud 
grunt, swung the strap down, whipping Cindy directly across the 
nipple of her right breast, the strap making a sound like a 
pistol shot. Cindy screamed as loudly as she could, and, moaning, 
clutching at her striped breast, rolled halfway over on the 
floor, shaking, holding on to her breast, sobbing softly.

     "As you were, Cindy," Arnold said sharply. "Get back in 
position. Now."

     Slowly, gasping, Cindy lay down again. Slowly she again 
spread her arms and legs. Shaking.

     "That's my girl," Arnold said, and with a mighty effort 
brought the strap whipping down again, this time across Cindy's 
left breast. Again Cindy screamed like a animal, rolling her 
body, clutching frantically at empty air, though this time she 
stayed on her back.

     "Damn," Arnold said. "I love this."

     "Fuck me, Arnold," Cindy said, sobbing and gasping. "Please 
fuck me. You don't have to hurt me any more. You want me. Take 
me. Please. Please. I'll be so good, Arnold, I'll fuck you so 
good--"

     "I know," Arnold said, and whipped her right breast again. 
"I know," he said, above Cindy's ear-splitting screaming. "Stay 
still, Cindy." And whipped her left breast. Cindy couldn't stay 
still any more. She began rolling over and over on the floor. 
Arnold followed her, lashing at her body, hitting that turning, 
twisting, scrabbling body anyplace he could reach, whipping 
Cindy's thighs, her breasts, her buttocks, her back, her stomach.

     "Stop, Cindy," Arnold said, panting. "Stop and spread out 
for me and I'll stop hitting you."

     Cindy, with a great effort, stopped rolling and lay again on 
her back, spread out under Arnold's lash. And Arnold stopped. 
Looking down at the gasping, writhing, heaving, straining body.

     "Now, Cindy," Arnold said, and dropped down on top of her, 
covering that body with his own. "I'm going to fuck you now, 
Cindy," Arnold said. "I'm going to fuck the shit out of you. And 
you're going to fuck me too, aren't you, Cindy? You're going to 
make it real good for me, right?"

     "That...that was...the deal..." Cindy said. "Do it, you 
bastard son of a bitch. Do it."

     "Here, Cindy," Arnold said, and slid his stiff penis slowly 
but forcefully into her vagina. "This is it, Cindy," Arnold said. 
"I'm inside you. Inside Cindy's body." Arnold began to move. 
"Fuck for me, Cindy," Arnold said, moving. "Fuck for me and for 
your husband."

     "All right, Arnold," Cindy said, moving with him. "All 
right. I'm fucking you. Just like I said I would. I said I'd do 
anything you wanted, Arnold. And I did, didn't I?"

     "Yes, you did," Arnold said. "So far, anyway."

     "And I still am," Cindy said, moving rhythmically. "I'm 
fucking you, Arnold. And it's nice, isn't it, Arnold? It's good, 
isn't it?"

     "Yes," Arnold said. "It's good, Cindy. You're a good fuck."

     "I know," Cindy said. They were moving strongly now.

     "Cindy," Arnold said. "Put your legs around me."

     "All right," Cindy said, and did so, locking her ankles 
behind his back. "How's that, Arnold? Do you like that?"

     "I love it," Arnold said. "Squeeze me with your legs, Cindy. 
That's it. That's so good. I love your legs, Cindy. I can feel 
all of them around me, all of them touching me, rubbing against 
me. Oh, that's good. Oh, that's so nice."

     "I told you I'd be good for you, Arnold," Cindy said. "You 
didn't have to hurt me so much."

     "Yes, I did," Arnold said. "Fuck harder, Cindy."

     And Cindy did.

     "Do you hurt now?" Arnold said.

     "Yes," Cindy said. "Does that turn you on, Arnold?"

     "It does," Arnold said, moving harder against her body. "I 
could fuck you all day long, Cindy."

     "As long as it takes, Arnold," Cindy said, squirming for 
him, twisting for him, arching and bucking and writhing for him, 
holding him in the sexy vise of her legs.

     "Kiss me, Cindy," Arnold said.

     Cindy gave him her mouth, moaning and panting into his, and 
with her tongue probing his mouth, her lips moving against his, 
her body matching his rhythm stroke for stroke, Arnold was in 
ecstasy. "Cindy," Arnold said, sliding his mouth from hers. "I'm 
fucking you and I'm going to come. I'm going to come in you. Fuck 
me, Cindy. Fuck me good."

     "I'm fucking you, Arnold," Cindy said, moving harder. "I'm 
fucking you. You can come in me now."

     "Fucking," Arnold said, panting. "Fucking Cindy. Beautiful 
Cindy. Sexy Cindy. Fucking. So good. Coming. Fucking."

     "Fucking you, Arnold," Cindy said. "Fucking. Come in me, 
Arnold. Come in Cindy. Right into Cindy's body. Come into Cindy. 
Come, Arnold. Come."

     "Coming," Arnold said. "In you, Cindy, you beautiful slut, 
you sexy gorgeous cock-sucking slut, you screaming hurting cock-
sucking slut, I'm coming in you."

     "Oh, yes," Cindy said, moving. "I'm a cock-sucking slut, 
Arnold, I'm a filthy dirty fucking screaming crying cock-sucking 
slut and I'm fucking you and you're going to come up my cunt, 
Arnold. Do it, Arnold, fuck the shit out of me."

     "Coming," Arnold said. "Now. Fucking Cindy. Coming. Now. 
Take it, Cindy. Take it, Cindy. Take...it...now! Now! Now! Now! 
Now! Now!" Pulling at her hair, pounding at her body, as Cindy 
kept her wonderful shapely legs locked around him, Arnold shot 
into Cindy, wildly, voraciously, barbarically. Shot into her over 
and over and over. And over. Until at last he was still.

     Cindy still held him with her thighs. "Was it good, Arnold?" 
Cindy said. "Did you enjoy it all? Did I do everything you 
wanted? Just as I said?"

     "Yes," Arnold said.

     Cindy's legs came down slowly. "Thank god!" Cindy said.

     "But we're not finished," Arnold said.

     "What?" Cindy said. "You're kidding!"

     "No," Arnold said. "But don't worry, Cindy. I won't hurt you 
any more. I don't even want your body any more. In fact, there's 
only just one more thing I'd like you to do." Arnold stood up and 
began to dress.

     Cindy sat up slowly. "What is it?" Cindy said.

     "All I want you to do," Arnold said, "is to go out there 
into the office and tell your husband the good news."

     "Why?" Cindy said suspiciously.

     "Just do it, Cindy," Arnold said. "Go out there and inform 
old Arthur that I'm not going to fire him. Won't he be glad to 
hear that?"

     "Yes," Cindy said.

     "Then do it, Cindy. And our deal will be done."

     "All right, Arnold," Cindy said, standing up slowly. A bit 
stiffly, she reached for her discarded blouse.

     "No, Cindy," Arnold said. "Don't put your clothes on."

     "What?" Cindy said.

     "I said I don't want you to put your clothes on, Cindy," 
Arnold said. "I want you to go out there just as you are."

     Cindy stared at him.

     "You mean go out there--naked?" Cindy said.

     "That's right," Arnold said.

     "But--oh Christ--all those people--you want me to--"

     "I'm sure they're all most curious about what's been going 
on in here," Arthur said. "I mean with all that screaming and 
all. They must be imagining all sorts of things. And if you go 
out there like that, it will probably show them that their 
imaginings were true. Not to mention allowing them a look at your 
exquisite body, which I'm sure they'll all appreciate."

     "Arnold--" Cindy said.

     "Yes, Cindy?" Arnold said.

     "I--I can't do it," Cindy said.

     "That's too bad, Cindy," Arnold said. "Going back on our 
bargain now. I guess I'll have to fire Arthur after all."

     "Arnold," Cindy said. "For god's sake--"

     "Whereas," Arnold said, "if you just do as I ask, Cindy, and 
go out there, just as you are, and go to Arthur and explain to 
him that I'm going to keep him on--we'll be all through, you and 
I, and Arthur will have his job, and we'll all be happy."

     Cindy stood very still. For a long time. Arnold said 
nothing. Just waiting. Finally Cindy swallowed, and took a long 
breath. 

     "All right, Arnold," Cindy said.

     She walked slowly to the door. Drawing herself up to full 
height, head up, gloriously naked, Cindy opened the door and 
walked through it.

     Arnold followed her to watch what took place. Cindy's sudden 
appearance, stark naked, was causing a sensation. All action 
stopped, all heads turned, all eyes bulged with astonishment, and 
with lust. Nobody moved. Everybody was staring. Cindy, head still 
high, stood looking back at them. Now, slowly, she began to move 
across the office, toward the far end, where Arthur was sitting. 
As Cindy got to Arthur's desk, she turned, again boldly staring 
back at all the faces staring at her.

     "All right," Cindy said loudly. "Take a good look, all of 
you. You've always wanted to see this, right? Well, look hard. I 
hope you're all satisfied." Now turning to her husband, Cindy 
said, "Arthur, it's all right. Arnold is not going to fire you. 
You can work here as long as you like. I love you, Arthur," Cindy 
said, and turning, began to walk back to Arnold's office.

     But halfway there Arthur's voice stopped her.

     "Cindy!" Arthur said.

     Cindy stood still. In the midst of all the still-staring 
eyes.

     "Yes, Arthur," Cindy said.

     Arthur said, "You're a whore, Cindy."

     A murmur from the watching crowd.

     "Am I, Arthur?" Cindy said.

     "Yes," Arthur said. "You are. My wife is a whore. A whore 
and a slut. Aren't you, Cindy?"

     "If you say so, Arthur," Cindy said.

     "I do," Arthur said. "That's just what I say."

     "I love you, Arthur," Cindy said.

     "I don't care," Arthur said. "You're a whore and a slut. And 
since that's what you are, Cindy, I think you ought to give all 
these people a crack at you, too. Don't you, Cindy?"

     "Is that what you want, Arthur?" Cindy said.

     "It's only fair, isn't it?" Arthur said. "First you give 
your body to Arnold, and now you show it off to all these people. 
Why not do it for them too?"

     "I did it for you, Arthur," Cindy said.

     "I see," Arhtur said. "You made yourself a whore for me. But 
don't stop with that, Cindy. Look at all these people wanting 
you. Lusting for you. Why should they miss out on such a good 
thing. Why, Cindy? Why?"

     "Arthur," Cindy said. "If that's what you want I'll do it. 
If it's what you want, Arthur, I'll go down on my knees, right 
now, and suck them all off. Every one of them. One by one."

     "Do it, Cindy," Arthur said.

     "All right, Arthur," Cindy said.

     "And that's not all," Arthur said. "I want you to come back 
here every day. Every day, Cindy. And I want you to take your 
clothes off, just like now. And I want you to do what you said. 
For anybody who wants it that day. Will you do that, Cindy?"

     "If you want me to, Arthur," Cindy said. "Do you want me to 
fuck them too?"

     "Why not?" Arthur said. "Anything they want. Isn't that what 
a whore does?"

     "All right, Arthur," Cindy said. "I will. I love you, 
Arthur."

     Cindy now got down on her knees. "All right," Cindy said. 
"If you'll all line up, I'll suck you all off in turn. If you'd 
like to fuck me, just wait until I'm finished and I'll accomodate 
you."

     "And if you have any horny friends," Arthur said, "bring 
them around tomorrow, and Cindy will take care of them. This is 
going to be a daily occurence. Isn't it, Cindy?"

     "If that's what you want, Arthur," Cindy said.

     "Arthur," Arnold said. "Do you smoke?"

     "Yes," Arthur said. "Why?"

     "So you usually have cigarettes with you," Arnold said.

     "That's right," Arthur said.

     "Good," Arnold said. "I think they'll come in handy."

     Cindy began to cry. She was crying as she sucked off the 
first man, and still crying as she sucked off the last.

     It was hours later that Cindy came into Arnold's office.

     "I want to make a bargain with you, Arnold," Cindy said, and 
she took off her clothes, and then she laid a full pack of 
cigarettes on Arnold's desk. Crying...
