Cindy
 
by Laura Leigh
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
	It had been two months since the sinking.  When the fishing boat went
down, hundreds of miles out to sea, only two survived.
 
 
 
	For three days Kurt and Dennis clung to the same, tiny life preserver.
Several times, the men nearly chose to die -- but their will to carry on
kicked in and kept them going.  Finally, when all seemed lost, they floated
close enough to a small, uninhabited island that they could swim for it.
 
 
 
	They washed ashore.  Virtual strangers, they found themselves isolated and
alone, with little or no chance of rescue.  Surviving on native fruits, the
two men recovered from their days at sea and set out to explore their new
island home.
 
 
 
				       * * *
 
 
 
	The cave was cool and moist, and very dark.  Kurt headed in, followed
closely by Dennis.
 
 
 
	"I'm not so sure I like this," Dennis said apprehensively.  "No telling
what's in here."
 
 
 
	"Look up there," Kurt said pointing ahead.  "Some kind of light...maybe
another entrance."
 
 
 
	They continued on and quickly came to a rough-hewn chamber.  Its walls
were of rough, brown stone, but the room's main feature was the object at
its center.  There stood a pedestal, atop which was a strange, glowing blue
crystal.  Some form of writing spread across one wall of the chamber.
 
 
 
	"I think it's Indaki," Kurt said.  "I studied South Sea languages at
Tech...yeah.  It is."  He examined the strange writing more closely.
 
 
 
	Dennis gazed into the crystal, fascinated by its luminescence.  "How's
this doing this?" he asked, reaching out to touch its cool surface.
 
 
 
	"Beats me..." Kurt replied, deeply involved in his analysis of the words
before him.  "Well...I'll be damned."
 
 
 
	"What is it?"
 
 
 
	"Well, according to this, I think that ball is supposed to be magic or
something."
 
 
 
	"Oh, please..."
 
 
 
	"That's what it says.  Whoever holds it can change four things...sort of
like getting wishes, I guess."
 
 
 
	"Change things?"
 
 
 
	"Yeah."  He read further.  "It can't make things out of thin air...but it
can turn things into other things."  He went to the pedestal and lifted the
glowing orb from its cradle. "Let's take this outside and try it out."
 
 
 
	"You're kidding...!"
 
 
 
	Dennis followed Kurt as he left the cave and walked a short distance into
the jungle.  "This looks like a good spot," Kurt said.  Holding the orb out
before him, he closed his eyes and thought hard.
 
 
 
	A whirlwind of violent light formed in the dense foliage before them.  A
wide, circular area of trees and undergrowth slowly vanished, leaving a
clearing; the light then coalesced into a solid structure in the center of
the bare, sandy area.
 
 
 
	The whirlwind of light subsided, leaving a modern beach house in its
place.  It looked like something right out of Architectural Digest.
 
 
 
	The men were speechless.  They cautiously approached the house, barely
able to believe their eyes.  It was fully furnished, with every imaginable
detail one could imagine.
 
 
 
	"I don't believe it," Dennis said.
 
 
 
	"Neither do I," Kurt agreed, "but there it is."  He opened the front door
and began to go inside.
 
 
 
	"Do you think that's a good idea?"
 
 
 
	"Hey...if this is going to be home from now on, I want to take a look
around."  He went inside, still carrying the crystal orb.
 
 
 
	After a few minutes Kurt re-emerged, apparently safe and well.  "Man, it's
great!  Nice, comfortable beds, indoor plumbing, and it even has
electricity and a kitchen with all the convieniences!"
 
 
 
	"It's a miracle...!"  Dennis was astounded.
 
 
 
	Kurt held the ball out again.  "What is it this time?" Dennis asked,
seeing the ball glow a little brighter.
 
 
 
	"The one thing I want more than anything...what I need to turn this place
into the fantasy I've had all my life."
 
 
 
	Dennis was concerned.  "Wish for a boat, man!  I want out of here!  Let's
get back to civilization, and take that thing with us...we'll be rich!"
 
 
 
	Kurt had other ideas.  "What...go back to taxes and crowds?  This place is
a paradise...we only need to make a few adjustments..."
 
 
 
	"You only have three wishes left...don't waste them.  Make a boat...even
if you don't want to go home, I do!"
 
 
 
	Kurt closed his eyes.  In a few seconds, another glowing whirlwind
appeared.  A pile of hunting, planting, fishing, and sports equipment,
outdoor furniture, a chainsaw and other jungle clearing tools appeared in
its wake.  "Perfect," Kurt exclaimed.
 
 
 
	"Damn it!  Stop fooling around!  Make something to get us home!"  Dennis
was frantic.
 
 
 
	The crystal sphere glowed again as Kurt closed his eyes once more.  The
whirlwind appeared inside the house this time, flooding light from the
kitchen and bedroom windows.  After the glow faded, Kurt smiled.  "A
bottomless refrigerator and pantry.  Food and drinks enough for a
lifetime."
 
 
 
	There was only one wish left.  Dennis feared Kurt wouldn't use it
correctly.  "I get the last one!  Hand it over!"  Without protest, almost
too easily, Kurt handed the orb to Dennis.  He ran down to the beach,
excitedly looking forward to going home.  After looking into the glowing
crystal for a moment, he closed his eyes.
 
 
 
	Nothing happened.
 
 
 
	Dennis opened his eyes, expecting to see a boat before him.  He found
nothing there, and tried again.  Still nothing.
 
 
 
	He walked back to the clearing.  "What gives?  It didn't do anything...are
you sure it said 'four?'"
 
 
 
	"Positively," Kurt answered, a hint of smugness in his voice.  Dennis knew
he was hiding something.
 
 
 
	"What is it...you know something."
 
 
 
	Dennis smiled and held his hands out, wanting the orb back.  "It only
works for the person who lifts it from its cradle...and that's me.  If you
don't mind...?"  Dennis helplessly handed it back.
 
 
 
	"Please...wish for a boat..."
 
 
 
	Kurt once again made a wish.  It wasn't for a boat, or for anything else
Dennis could get home in.
 
 
 
	This time, the brilliant whirlwind surrounded Dennis.  It glowed so
brightly that Kurt could not make out his form; after a few moments, the
light began to subside and a human form became apparent.
 
 
 
	The light vanished.  Dennis looked around, trying to spot their latest
acquisition.  "I don't see anything new," Dennis commented.  "What did you
wish for?"
 
 
 
	Kurt only smiled.
 
 
 
	"Wish for..." Dennis repeated, puzzled.  His own voice sounded funny to
him.  "Wish for..."
 
 
 
	His voice sounded different because it was.  And it was different because
it matched his body, which had become very, very different.
 
 
 
	Kurt smiled widely, obviously pleased with the fruits of his final wish.
His eyes drank in the sight of Dennis' new form.
 
 
 
	Dennis took a step forward, toward Kurt.  Something felt odd; he felt part
of his body bounce.
 
 
 
	More exactly, two parts.
 
 
 
	He now had the body and voice of a voluptuous woman.  His voice had become
a sultry, feminine sound that dripped sex.
 
 
 
	Dennis had become Kurt's dream girl.
 
 
 
	He was not just female, but totally naked, exposing every luscious square
inch of his curved, sexy form.  Looking down in stunned disbelief at his
huge breasts, Dennis realized fully what Kurt had done to him.  His smooth,
silky skin was pure and hairless over his entire body, except for a sparse
growth of blond pubic hair.  On his head he had very long, very full blond
hair which softly curled and sensuously flowed all the way down his back,
over his shoulders, and upon his breasts in front.
 
 
 
	Dennis' new visage was one of rare beauty. He had the dark, bewitching
eyes of a seductress, adorned with long black lashes and smouldering, sexy
eye shadows.  His sensuous lips were those of a professional call girl,
flawlessly lined and coated with a thick, glossy pink lipstick.   His teeth
were perfect and white.  He smelled like expensive, very feminine perfume.
His nails were an inch and a half long and glistened with glossy pink
polish.  Every inch of his supple flesh had a deep, even tan that
contrasted sexily with his pale lipstick and shiny, blond hair.
 
 
 
	His body could not have changed more.  He had become utterly and
irreversibly female.  And, as a female, he had acquired that female feature
Kurt most craved.
 
 
 
	"Come here, baby...let Kurt see that sweet pussy of yours!"
 
 
 
	"You son of a bitch!" Dennis screamed in his erotic, womanly voice,
lunging at Kurt in order to strike him.  Kurt easily defended himself
against the girl's attack, grabbing her forearms and holding her still.  As
she fought in vain to free herself from his grasp, her huge, luscious
breasts jiggled wildly; the odd sensation surprised Dennis, who looked down
to see them move as live things.  The bounce of her monstrous tits and the
flowing curves of her silk-smooth flesh made Kurt's cock begin to grow; it
wanted to be inside her, and quickly.  She saw the monster penis rising to
attention within his shorts, straining to reach her.
 
 
 
	"Don't even think about it!" she threatened.
 
 
 
	"Take it easy, baby," Kurt said condescendingly.  He looked upon his
handiwork; her voluptuous body was custom-built for sex and little else.
 
	
 
	"How could you do this to me?!" she screamed.  "You bastard...how could
you..."  She began to cry in anger and frustration.
 
 
 
	"Easy, honey...you were the last piece of my paradise, all that was
missing...I've always dreamed of having a sexy girl all to myself in the
middle of nowhere. And baby, you're..." he smiled, reaching out to touch
her hair.  "...perfect.  I want to lay you so bad..."
 
 
 
	"How romantic," she sniped, swatting his hand away.
 
 
 
	"Come on...you're my woman, now..."
 
 
 
	"What?!  I belong to you?  And I'm supposed to let you fuck me, too?
You've reduced me to nothing but your own personal sex toy?"
 
 
 
	"You'll get used to it."
 
 
 
	"Like hell!  You expect me to be happy like this?  I'm supposed to just
let you stick your cock into me anytime you want?"
 
 
 
	"Well, yeah."  She slapped him hard, but the man barely flinched.  "I'm
sure you'll grow to love me," he finished.
 
 
 
	"Like hell!"  She cradled her breasts in her soft palms.  "Damn...look at
these!  Just because you want to live like 'Blue Lagoon,' I have to be your
Brooke Shields for the rest of my life."  The woman was furious.  "How
could you do this to me?"
 
 
 
	"You're gorgeous!" Kurt answered.  "You should be thanking me.  We were
going to live out our lives here -- at least, now we can have sex when we
want.  And you're a hell of a lot nicer to look at now."
 
 
 
	"If sex was what you wanted, why didn't you turn yourself into the woman
around here, huh?  I'm sure I'd have accomodated you..."
 
 
 
	"Yeah, right..."
 
 
 
	"You really think I'm going to have sex with you now?"
 
 
 
	"The number of available men around here is pretty limited, baby..."
 
 
 
	"I'll risk it."  She began to walk away.  "Keep that cock in your pants
and out of mine -- find yourself another girl, you bastard.  Leave me the
hell alone..."
 
 
 
	"Okay, bitch, we'll do this the hard way..." he said firmly, grabbing her.
He picked the girl up and headed into the beach house.  She pounded on him
with her fists, but it had no effect.
 
 
 
	He tossed her naked form onto the bed and fell atop her.  Kurt held her
pinned as he managed to pull off his own clothing, tossing it to the floor.
 
 
 
	"By the way," he said, "your name's 'Cindy from now on.'"
 
 
 
	"Like hell it is!" she yelled, helpless against his strength.
 
 
 
	"Your name is what I call you...and I'm calling you 'Cindy!'"  Kurt was
fully naked now, and feeling her supple flesh squirming beneath his own
hard body brought his erection to its engorged fullness.  The woman could
feel that her physical strength was but a shadow of what it had been
before; Kurt easily overpowered her.  He managed to get the woman's legs
apart and rolled between them, wedging them open.
 
 
 
	Her vagina was exquisitely inviting.  The man had not had sex for months,
not since weeks before the shipwreck, and he was more than ready.  "Look,
Cindy...we can do this easy or we can do this hard.  One way or the other,
I'm fuckin' that pussy between your legs...so you better make things easy
on yourself.  I can get something from the drawer to grease up with, or I
can stick it in dry.  Choice is yours."
 
 
 
	Cindy wanted him off of her.  "Fine...get it..."
 
 
 
	"If you run, I'll only catch you and drag you back here.  You know that,
so don't be stupid."  She nodded, hatred burning in her eyes.
 
 
 
	He got up and went to the dresser.  Cindy wanted to run away, but he was
right -- there was no place to hide on this tiny island.  He would
eventually rape her.  She decided to save herself the exertion and let him
have sex with her --
 
 
 
	-- then kill him in his sleep later.
 
 
 
	He came back to the bed, holding a tube of personal lubricant.  The woman
glanced to the side, and saw that the drawer was filled with sex aids of
all kinds.  "You wished for those, too?" she sarcastically asked.
 
 
 
	"You'll be glad I did, sweetheart," he replied smugly.  "We're going to
have lots of time for...experimentation."  Kurt apparently planned to play
a wide variety of sex games with her over the months...or years.
 
 
 
	He handed her the lubricant.  "Put it on me," he demanded.  "Make it feel
good."
 
 
 
	"If I had a knife I'd cut this bastard off," she said angrily, looking at
the erect penis.  "I could use a girlfriend..."
 
 
 
	She reluctantly sat up and squirted some of the clear jelly into her hand
and, after a moment of hesitation, began rubbing it onto his long, rigid
penis.  As she ran her slippery fingers along its great length, she felt
every vein, every tiny bump.  It was hot to the touch and hard against her
palm.
 
 
 
	Her vagina tightened involuntarily a few times.  It began to grow wet.
 
 
 
	The man's circumsized penis was enormous -- so big that Cindy's fingers
and thumb could not reach around it far enough to meet.  She continued to
stroke it, coating it thickly with the lubricant.
 
 
 
	She hated that some part of her was enjoying itself.  She fought to bury
that part.
 
 
 
	Her slippery palm made circles against the cock's rounded head, and Kurt
moaned with pleasure.  "Oh, yes, baby...that's right..."  The long, stiff
penis was ready at that point, and Cindy, resigned to his assault, laid
back and spread her thighs wide.  For the first time, her vagina was fully
exposed to him; she could not have been in a more vulnerable position.
 
 
 
	"I can't believe I'm letting you do this," she said.  "Don't you feel
weird at all, fucking someone who was a man an hour ago?"
 
 
 
	"All I see are great tits and a hot pussy," Kurt answered lustfully.
"Just relax, Cindy.  I've been told I have a certain way with the ladies.
You'll be glad you're a woman by the time I finish."
 
 
 
	"Yeah...sure."  She reached down with her fingers and rubbed the remaining
jelly onto her own, soft genitals.  For the first time she felt her vaginal
lips, and her fingers rubbed her clitoris --
 
 
 
	Oooooh, that feels nice, she thought --
 
 
 
	Kurt took position between her widespread legs and aimed his sexual
missile at the woman's unwilling receptacle.  She took a sharp breath as
she first felt the head of his hot, slippery cock press against her vaginal
lips.  Only as she felt it begin to penetrate her did Cindy realize the
full weight of her position.
 
 
 
	She was a woman being raped -- a woman being forced into having sex with a
man, thousands of miles from nowhere, with no hope of deliverance.  Her
mind shut down, unable to comprehend the idea, for only minutes before it
had been the mind of a man -- and it was now captive in a flesh that was
the utter antithesis of the body Dennis had known before.  As the cock
entered her, her male life seemed to become, more and more, a distant dream
-- one that had been replaced by a sensuous nightmare in which Dennis had
been horribly miscast.
 
 
 
	Kurt pressed his hips steadily forward, and for the first time in months
he felt the warm, wet tightness of a vagina as it began to envelop his
immense, slippery cock.  Cindy bit her lip in pain as his great size
penetrated her, stretching her.
 
 
 
	"It hurts...!" she cried out, pushing against him with her delicate hands.
"Pull it out...it...it hurts...!"
 
 
 
	"No chance, baby," Kurt answered firmly.  "I'm only halfway in.  The
sooner we stretch that pussy of yours, the better."  Little by little, the
man continued to push into her and the pain she felt brought tears to her
eyes.
 
 
 
	"You...you bastard..." she cursed through clenched teeth, pounding on him
with her fists.
 
 
 
	Finally, his pubic hair ground into hers.  He was all the way in, and her
virgin pussy had taken his full nine inches inside her.  "There, baby," he
said.  "Tell me how wonderful that is."
 
 
 
	"Get it over with," Cindy said, her voice filled with anger.  The pain was
still there, but it had diminished slightly.  She felt his hugeness inside
her, and the feeling was one she had no words for.  A huge, hard part of
someone else's body had invaded hers, burying itself deep into her abdomen.
It was not a sensation within the comprehension of any heterosexual man --
and Cindy knew, as she began to accept its presence within her, that her
male will was slipping away, across the insurmountable barrier that
separated the sexes.
 
 
 
	Kurt began to pump in and out, beginning the rhythmic motion that would
soon bring them to sexual climax.  After a couple of minutes, the pain
Cindy had felt subsided, leaving only the incredible feeling of his sliding
flesh against the walls of her tight, wet vaginal tunnel.
 
 
 
	Cindy felt something else, and she momentarily realized that it was the
fleshy sensation of his pumping cock against her clitoris.  Bastard that he
was, she found his assault beginning to feel good. She decided not to show
any of the pleasure their copulation might give her;  she refused to give
him the satisfaction.
 
 
 
	"Oh, yeah, baby," Kurt moaned, his eyes closed.  "You have a sweet
pussy...feels good..."  He continued, picking up his pace.  As his hips
moved faster, driving his cock into her even harder, Cindy knew the fully
realized awakening of her new womanhood.  Her pleasure blossomed; it was a
feeling much different from the physical sexual arousal she had known as a
man --
 
 
 
	--and it was much better.  As it grew, she could not help herself -- she
felt a noise building in her throat.   It forced its way past her lips as
the moan of a sexually aroused woman.
 
 
 
	"Mmmmm..." she started.  "Ohhhh..."
 
 
 
	"Like it, baby?"
 
 
 
	"No..." she tried to lie.  "It's...it's..." she struggled, unable to think
of the words.  Her breathing grew deeper and louder and began to match his
pumping rhythm.  She found herself reaching up to stroke his sweat-slick
back gently as he laid atop her -- but, managing to gather her lessening
self-control, she stopped and forced her hands back to her sides.
 
 
 
	"Do you still want me to stop?" Kurt asked, with no intention of doing so.
He was looking for a certain reaction in her --
 
 
 
	"No!" she almost shouted.  He smiled at her response.
 
 
 
	"Looks like I've got myself one horny bitch, here," he said, gloating.
 
 
 
	"I, uh, I mean..." she continued, failing miserably in her attempt to
conceal what she was feeling, "if you don't finish,...I'll only..." Her
voice trailed off, lost in the orgasmic pleasure building within her.  She
moaned, low and sensuously.
 
 
 
	"What were you saying, baby?" he asked, teasing her.
 
 
 
	"I'll...I'll just have to...have to go through this...all over...again..."
 
 
 
	"Oh, you're going to go through this over and over regardless, baby," he
smiled, knowing full well that she was lying.  He increased the speed of
his pumping, pulling up slightly in order to put more pressure against her
clitoris.
 
 
 
	"Ohhh..." Cindy moaned, immediately responding to the change.  She began
to rhythmically tighten her buttocks in order to push her hips up into his
thrusts, meeting them.
 
 
 
	"Tell me how much you like this, baby," Kurt teased.
 
 
 
	"No..." Cindy moaned, obviously losing her battle, feeling the beginnings
of an orgasm.
 
 
 
	"Tell me," he repeated.  "You love feeling my cock inside you, don't you?"
 
 
 
	She moaned louder as he pumped her harder, losing herself in the ecstasy
her female body was experiencing.  Her resistance was gone, her will
softened -- she let go, flowing with her new physical sexuality, yielding
to the man.
 
 
 
	"Yes...you bastard..." she finally admitted.
 
 
 
	"Now, now...be nice.  Tell me you love it," he teased.
 
 
 
	"I...I can't..."
 
 
 
	"Come on, baby...say it."
 
 
 
	"I...love it...I love it, Kurt..."  She submitted totally to her
womanhood, wanting him there inside her more and more with each passing
second.
 
 
 
	"Tell me what a horny bitch you are."
 
 
 
	Her words came between heavy, sharp gulps of air, her voice a cry of
female ecstasy.  "I'm horny...Kurt...I'm a horny bitch..."
 
 
 
	"And what do you want?"
 
 
 
	"I want you...to fuck me, Kurt...!"
 
 
 
	Victory.  He was thrilled to hear her words.  "Whatever you say, honey."
Kurt sped up his pace, and the loud, wet slap of sweaty skin-on-sweaty skin
filled the air.   Her breasts flopped wildly against her chest with each
impact of their pubic bones, reminding her, in a way she could not ignore,
of just how female she now was.
 
 
 
	"Tell me how you want it, baby..." Kurt told her.  "I want to hear it."
 
 
 
	"Ohhh, faster," she found herself pleading.  "Oh, yes...that's
it...ohhhhhh!"  She lightly stroked his sides with her nails, encouraging
him to continue.
 
 
 
	Cindy felt the fire building inside her spread throughout her lower
abdomen.  Her nerves became electrified as a purely female sensation
swelled as if to consume her flesh.  Her vaginal muscles began to spasm
slightly, acting on a primal, sexual, involuntary impulse.
 
 
 
	"Yes...yes...fuck me, Kurt...fuck...meeeeee..."
 
 
 
	The burning pleasure reached into every part of her womanly flesh.
 
 
 
	"I'm...I think I'm...coming..."  She reached down and gripped his ass
tightly as he lied over her, arms locked, his hairy chest only inches above
her.  His hips gyrated madly, ramming his long tool into her hot, wet
vagina for all he was worth, and Cindy pulled him down into her with each
thrust.
 
 
 
	Her orgasm rose to a peak.  Cindy felt her vagina clamp down hard around
his still-pumping cock, and her muscles began to push.  She lost contact
with her surroundings as the climax overwhelmed her.  It was an intense,
joyous ecstasy like none she had ever felt before.  Every nerve in her body
overloaded, shorting out, unable to contain the powerful fire.  Her first
orgasm as a woman, brought on by the sexual penetration of a man, had
become a living thing.
 
 
 
	Her knuckles went white as she squeezed his hard, muscular arms, and her
eyes slammed shut in involuntary ecstasy.  "My...my pussy
feels...OHHHHHHH!"
 
 
 
	Her orgasm exploded, igniting her sexual nerves and flooding her body with
its raw, pure female flame.
 
 
 
	Her ignited, fulfilled pussy gushed the lubricating fluids of a woman.
Kurt felt the added slipperiness diminish the friction around his cock and
he knew she had come.
 
 
 
	"That's it...come for me, baby...yeah...come hard..."
 
 
 
	Her hot come flooded both their crotches, running out onto her thighs and
his balls, and soaking into the bedsheets beneath her.  Her vagina spasmed
as wave after wave of erotic intensity came crashing in, ruling her body.
 
 
 
	After what seemed an hour, Cindy slowly became aware of the world around
her once again.  She still felt the pleasure of her orgasm, though it had
diminished greatly, and she smiled as her body totally relaxed.  She felt
as if she were drifting on a cloud, satisfied and complete.  She slowly
became aware, also, that the man was still ramming into her, and was near
orgasm himself.
 
 
 
	"I'm...I'm going to come, baby," he said, his breathing erratic, his voice
shaky.
 
 
 
	"Come inside me," Cindy pleaded, stroking his back and wearing the sexy
smile of a contented woman.  "I want to feel it."
 
 
 
	Kurt was in no position to argue.  There was no time.  His face contorted
and his eyes slammed shut, and Cindy felt his thighs become as tense as
steel.  He rammed his throbbing cock deep into her one last time, and the
woman gripped his ass hard, holding him against her --
 
 
 
	And Cindy felt a warmth within her deepest being.  She could feel the cock
pulse involuntarily inside her pussy as it delivered the man's come,
spraying her depths with his hot, salty load.  It was incredible, having
him there --
 
 
 
	They had become one, their flesh melding, male and female, in the
reproductive act of their species.  She pictured herself as Eve to his
Adam, here in this paradise -- a woman made just for him, owned by him, his
to do with as he pleased.
 
 
 
	She liked the thought.
 
 
 
	He began to breathe again, relaxing as his orgasm died away.  She held him
against her as he lied atop her, stroking his back and his strong upper
arms with her long, polished nails.  After a few moments of silent embrace,
Cindy felt his penis begin to shrink back to normal inside her.
 
 
 
	He opened his eyes and looked into the face of the woman.  She pulled his
face close and kissed him, caressing the roof of his mouth with a deep
tongue.   Mmmmm..." she said.  "I was wrong...you wished for the best thing
you could have wished for."
 
 
 
	"Glad you liked it."
 
 
 
	"Oh, I'm alive for the first time."
 
 
 
	"And we don't have to worry -- you can't get pregnant."  She felt an
instant of disappointment, which vanished quickly as she realized she could
have sex with Kurt twenty-four hours a day with no fear of consequences.
 
 
 
	Kurt climbed off of her, pulling his cock free of her pussy as he did so.
Cindy's fingers went immediately to her vaginal lips, and she touched the
warm, moist place where he had filled her.  It felt like his cock was still
inside her.  "That was wonderful," she said with great satisfaction.
"Let's do it again."
 
 
 
	Kurt laughed.  "As soon as I can, Cindy.  You don't have to wait a while
between fucks anymore, but I still do.  Believe me, baby -- I'll let you
know as soon as I'm up for another go-round."
 
 
 
	An hour later he took her again, naked on the beach, under the sun and
before the wide, blue sea.  As she stood bent over, leaning against a palm
tree, he pumped her from behind, with her huge, unrestrained breasts
hanging down and jiggling wildly with the shock of each powerful thrust.
His iron grip around her narrow waist pinned her soft, rounded buttocks
against his crotch, and as his cock slid in and out of her wetness she
moaned as only a woman can.
 
 
 
	"Oh, yes. Kurt...pump harder!  Make me come again...I want to come!  Grind
it into me...yes...yes...Ohhhhhhhh..."
 
 
 
	"Don't tell me what to do, bitch!" he said, as if he physically owned her.
"You're mine...I'll fuck you anytime and anywhere I want!  You got that?"
 
 
 
	"Yes, Kurt...I'm sorry..." she said, totally broken.  She had fallen to a
level of total submissivness, living only to have sex with him.  "Just fuck
me...promise you'll fuck me..."
 
 
 
	There under the blue sky, before the whole world, he had his way with her,
raising a moan in her throat as he continued his relentless pumping.
 
 
 
	"Oh, Kurt...yes...I love to feel you inside me...faster..."  They
continued until Cindy reached orgasm again, and as she climaxed and came
her knees went weak.  Kurt felt her begin to sink to the sand and gripped
her waist harder, holding her up.
 
 
 
	As her orgasm subsided, she regained her footing.  Kurt pulled out of her
pussy.  "Oh, no..." she said, wanting him.  "Keep going...don't stop
yet..."
 
 
 
	"Suck my cock," he commanded, pulling her head toward his crotch.
 
 
 
	"Yes...anything," Cindy said.  She knelt before him and took his stiff rod
into her mouth, sinking it into her throat until her lips met its base and
could go no farther.  She tasted her own love juices on it.
 
 
 
	As he roughly yanked her head repeatedly into his crotch, her tongue
worked the underside of his immense penis.  She sucked for all she was
worth, a silenced slave, hungry to please the man who owned her.
 
 
 
	Kurt felt himself approaching orgasm.  He rammed his penis deeper into her
mouth just as his climax peaked; his cock became hotter against Cindy's
tongue and she knew the feeling of having boiling hot semen splatter
against her throat.  As the cock continued to pulse and deliver its male
load into her female mouth, she swallowed every drop and sucked even
harder.  Its salty taste aroused her; she hungrily swallowed his creamy
come.
 
 
 
	"Mmmmm..." she moaned deeply, her mouth totally filled by his cock and its
come.  He pumped a few more times, then stood still as a relaxation
overtook him.  The orgasm made his legs become like jelly, and as his
expended penis diminished in size he pulled it from her lips.  The woman
sucked even as the organ left her mouth, and, unable to speak, moaned
wantingly as it left her tongue.  Cindy leaned forward and licked the free-
hanging cock clean as Kurt watched.
 
 
 
	"More..." Cindy pleaded, licking her lips.  "I love to suck your
cock...promise me I can do it every day...please, promise me..."
 
 
 
	"Okay, baby.  I promise."
 
 
 
	"Mmmmm..." she giggled.  "Make it big again, Kurt...make it big so you can
put it in my pussy and fuck me some more.  You can suck on my titties if
you want...I have such nice tits.  You gave me such nice tits.  They have
big, hard nipples...you can suck them..."
 
 
 
	"Why don't you make my cock big for me, baby," Kurt said.  He dropped and
laid back on the warm sand, and Cindy immediately took position on her
knees between his legs.
 
 
 
	"I'll make it big for you, Kurt...then you can put it in my pussy again,"
she said in her childish, sexy voice.  She took the limp penis into her
mouth again and began again to suck on it.  It began to grow.
 
 
 
	"That's right, baby..." the man said.  "Suck it all you want."
 
 
 
	Kurt smiled, reaching out to stroke her hair like a man petting a dog.
Life was wonderful, now -- and would remain so, forever.
 
 
 
	His cock again reached full size.  Cindy squatted over his crotch and
spread her thighs wide.  She dropped down onto the long, hard organ,
feeling it slide once again into the depths of her wet pussy.  She moaned
as she sat fully against his groin, then tightened her vaginal muscles
rhythmically as she began to ride him.  Kurt watched her huge, full breasts
jiggle as they bounced fully against her chest with each stroke.
 
 
 
	"Oh, Kurt....." the insatiable woman begged, "fuck me
forever...oooooh...never stop..."
 
 
 
	Kurt had not merely wished for a woman -- he had wished for a willing sex
slave, a horny woman as devoid of intellect as the classic dumb blond.
Cindy was now just that, despite the fact that it had taken an hour or so
for her new role to reach full realization.  He who had once been a strong-
willed man named Dennis now lived a new, mindless female life as Kurt's
soft, gorgeous sex toy, one with enormous tits, a hot pussy, and a
voracious sexual appetite.
 
 
 
	Kurt had attained his lifelong dream.  Cindy lived to satisfy his cock,
for it had become the center of her universe.
 
 
 
	Man and woman, they spent the rest of their lives there on the island.
Man and woman, they spent their days having sex and spent their nights
having more sex.
 
 
 
	And they were happy.
