Cindi in the Nine Hells. (Part 1)
 
 
 
	Now, before I start this story, I feel I should
tell you a bit of what the characters are about.  I
don't claim this to be politically correct in regards to
the politics of hell, and frankly, I really don't care
if it is correct, or it is not.  None the less, let us
get a few things straight.
	Arch-Fiends.  These are lesser devils.  Satan's
henchmen if you will.  They look much like a werewolf
would, save that they have horns on the top of their
heads, as well as wings.  They are quite selfish, as
most evil creatures are, and the rest, well you can read
and find out. They are also about 8 ft tall.
	Beelzabul.  An arch-devil.  Second in command next
to Satan in the nine hells.  He is constantly in battle
with Mophesto, who is ruler of the 7th plane.  Being
second in command, he has a number of powers, and a
great deal of pull in the hells.  He is loyal to Satan,
however. Beel, has a somewhat furry, piggish face,
although he can polymorph into what ever he pleases.
	Mophesto.  An arch-devil.  Third in command. 
Mophesto wishes to take the place of Satan, and will try
anything to do so.  He has plotted to do battle with
Beelzabul, although, this battle will not take place at
anytime in my story.  Standing at about 9 feet tall, he
has horns a tail, and wings.
	Graz'zt. Demon prince.  Supposedly the most charming
of all demons and devils.  He looks the most human,
although he has pointed ears and fangs and small horns.
  I guess you could say he's more of a vampire than a
demon, only more powerful and doesn't need to suck blood
to live on.
	Devil's Steed.  This is Satan's horse.  A black
horse with fiery eyes.  A beautiful, but evil creature
really.  Other than the fact that he is immortal, and
can travel through the planes of hell, and other
dimensions at will, and has the ability to teleport, he
is just like any other horse.
	Succubus(Succubi(pl)). Lesser demons.  These are
much like the classic tales of demons tell them to be.
Seductresses, who have a kiss of death if they wish to. 
Always out for some good sex.  They look like a humanoid
woman, beautiful, but they have both wings, and fangs.
	Satan.  Not a half man, half bull.  Not a snake. 
Not half ass, half human.  Not some fiendish looking
character.  Just an angel.  Therefore, he looks human in
every way, although, he is bigger than most humans. 
Also, he dresses as a dark knight, wearing black armor,
much like that of the classic jouster, if you will.
	So, now who is Cindi? Well, in this story she's a witch. 
Now, unlike what you hear in most tales, witches
are not creatures of Satan.  In fact, they, like every
other creature in existence, are gods creatures.  Or
more so, the gods creatures.  In Cindi's case, the gods
have condemned her to hell for a time, because she has
seduced many men, using her witch powers, rather than
using her powers to preserve her kind, she used them to
get back at all the men who had previously scammed her
over the years, and made a bloody mess of them in doing
so.  SO, the gods decided to give her a bit of a
punishment, and sent her to hell.  Oh yes, when this
story starts, Cindi has already fucked Satan before, she
is after all, a witch, and to become a witch, a woman
must give herself to Satan.  (So then, why is she gods
creature and not Satan's? .. Because, the gods are who
let Satan fuck her in the first place, that's why!)
 
	And so, this story begins...
 
	Cindi could think of worse things to which the gods
may have sentenced her to, rather than some time in
hell.  Sure, it was hot here, but it beat the frost bite
she might otherwise get in the dead of winter.  And
there was no traffic jams, no need to go to work.  And
while she was here, it seemed she had no need for food,
or water.  Of course, she didn't like the idea of having
to run errands for she lesser devils and demons, but
those are the breaks.  There were few like her down
there, but most of them, unlike her, were dead in their
real life, and thus condemned there for life.  Being
here, was just a part time thing for her.  
	She was hoping to see Satan soon, for it had been
some time since she'd last had a good fuck, and her
loins were screaming out for one.  She'd often caught
herself looking at the massive cocks the Arch-Fiends
had, and shivered at her own thoughts.  Of course, when
she looked back on it, she'd already fucked Satan, what
could be worse than that?  
	She was walking through the streets of Garzan, a
city in the 4th plane of hell.  Her surroundings were
like it was everywhere.  Cracking red roads, a spit of
fire here and there emerging through some of the
cracks.  A what would be sky, looking simply like a red
and dusty haze, and several strange and hideous
creatures flying around everywhere.  The city itself,
looked like something you might find way back in the
medieval times, and this, Cindi found quite amusing, for
you figure, with all their powers, the arch-devils and
demons, might have found something out about technology.
	Wearing a blood red dress, that was unusually thin,
and showed the outline of her firm, young body, (The
form of which she'd chosen for that day, since witches
have the ability to take the form of most earth
creatures) and her robust breasts, showing quite nicely, as well
as the nipples that capped them, she stepped
elegantly inside The Savage Sword Tavern, one of many
such places she'd learned of in the nine hells.
	"Hello, Cindi." Cronis, the bartender said.  He
looked basically human, but Cindi was sure he'd signed a
pact with Satan, and thus, after the contract was
served, he was condemned here.  An attractive man really,
but Cindi had heard he was unable to leave this Tavern. 
Of course, she always wondered how he knew who she was,
no matter which form she took.
	"Cronis," she nodded, and took a seat at the bar.
"The usual, please." Cronis grinned, as he put down a
glass of rye and coke before her.  The room was filled
with mostly Arch-Fiends, all of them crowding in one
section of the room, seemingly conversing over
something, with the odd one taking a quick glance over
at Cindi.  "What's with them?" Cindi asked.
	"They are planning their seduction of you." Cronis
said simply.  Cindi searched his face, looking for a
sign in which might tell her he was joking, but she
found none. 
	"You aren't serious are you?" She gasped.
	"Of course I am. Would I joke about something like
that?" He grinned. 
	"You'll protect me, won't you?" Cindi said, giving
him her sweetest smile.
	Cronis laughed. "Sure, if you'll just hop on over
the bar here.  But be warned, I haven't had a woman in
over 500 years, you might be safer with the fiends than
myself."
	Cindi looked over at the huddle of arch-fiends. 
There was 8 of them, and everyone of them had a serious
hard on.  The smallest of them was a full 8" long, the
largest, near 12" long, each of them thicker than
anything she'd ever had in her life.  Cindi felt her
crotch begin to tingle, and she turned away quickly. 
She really needed a good screwing.  "Maybe I'll be able
to help you with that then."  Her smile turned into a
wicked grin.
	"I'd most certainly owe you one, however, it would
have to be in here, for I am unable to leave this
joint."  He sighed.  
	"What's wrong with in here?" Cindi sipped her
drink.  
	Cronis smiled slightly, then motioned with a nod of
his head to the Arch-fiends. "Unless you want them to
get a hold of you, I suggest you leave."
	Cindi turned and saw one of the Arch-Fiends making
it's way towards her.  She paused to think on whether or
not she actually did want the Arch-Fiends to get a
hold of her.  Yes, she did want to get fucked, but by
those ugly things!?  She stood up to leave, but before
she could get anywhere, the Arch-Fiend grabbed hold of
her arm.
	"Let me go you beast!" She yelled.  The Arch-Fiend
replied with an incomprehensible grumble.  Cindi started
to think of some magic she might use, but just as she
did so she heard Cronis behind her.
	"Sorry Cindi, no magic permitted in here, don't
even bother to try." He sighed, "Thems are the rules."
	Angered, she tried to pull her arm free from the
Arch-fiends grasp. "I just wanted to cast a spell so I
could understand what the fuck this beast was saying!"
She continued to struggle. "Some help you are!"
	"He said, he's going to rip off your clothes and
fuck you until you scream, and then the rest of them are
going to have their turns with you." Cronis said simply.
	Cindi relaxed a moment, Cronis' words not sinking
into her head. "Oh, is that all he said?"  As soon as
she relaxed, the beast had it's hands all over her
dress, ripping and tearing at the flimsy material. 
Cindi hit the Arch-Fiend half-heartedly, deep down
inside, wanting it's massive cock deep inside her now
moist vagina, just afraid to admit it to herself. 
	In a matter of seconds, the arch-fiend had the
dress torn to shreds, and tossed Cindi up onto a table.
With Cindi's breasts exposed to the humid and hot air,
her nipples became erect.  Before she had time to think,
the Arch-fiend had her legs spread, and was positioning
it's cock, which was about 10" long, and about as thick
as her wrist, to the lips of her tight vagina.  Cindi,
knowing there was not much she could do, laid back,
preparing herself for the impaling she was about to
take.
	With a vicious thrust, the arch-fiend drove half of
his massive cock, straight up Cindi's stretching vagina. 
Unused to the enormous size of the arch-fiends cock, to
Cindi, it felt like she was being fucked for the first
time, all over again.  However, the pleasure it brought,
to finally have her vagina filled with a hard, hot, and
throbbing cock, was enough to wash away any pain she
might have felt, and she drove her crotch forward,
trying to take more of the beasts huge cock into her.  
	With each stroke, the arch-fiend drove his cock
deeper and deeper into Cindi's hot vagina, further
stretching her.  Cindi began to moan, wishing there was
someone to suck and lick at her aching nipples, but
knowing full well that the arch-fiend had no intention
of satisfying any of her desires,  She began to squeeze
and pull at her nipples with her own fingers.
	The arch-fiend's thrusts became harder and faster,
and soon the entire length of his 10" cock was driving
into Cindi's wanton vagina, filling her, like she'd
never been before.  Cindi could feel the fiends hairy
legs pricking at the inside of her thighs, and with her
eyes closed tightly, and her head moving side to side,
she felt her first orgasm nearing.
	Suddenly, Cindi felts the Arch-Fiends cock swell inside her
throbbing vagina, and then a flood of it's
semen shot deep into her vagina, driving her over the
edge, and sending her into her own orgasm.  The vagina
milked and contracted around the arch-fiends massive
cock, taking all that it had to give her.
	Then the Arch-Fiend left from between her legs,
only to have another one replace him.  This one's cock
was not as big as the last one, but Cindi, being
sensitive from the last fuck, felt as if it were just
about the same size.
	Her chest was heaving, as she fought to breathe
between gasps and groans.  The cock between her legs,
driving deep into her saturated vagina, and then pulling
almost all the way out, before thrusting back in.  Cindi
grinded her crotch against the invading cock. 
	"Oh yes! Give it to me!" She screamed.
	Suddenly, much to Cindi's disappointment, the arch-
fiend fired a load of cum deep into her body, and then
was gone.  Cindi remained there, waiting for the next
arch-fiend to fill her with it's cock, her hand moving
down to her clit, rubbing it vigorously.
	She felt another cock press against her labia, and
screamed with delight when she felt it stretch her lips
apart and the head of the cock probe into her sopping
pussy. 
	With one thrust from the Arch-Fiend, she felt 6" of
thick hard cock, drive into her vagina.  It felt as if
this cock were thicker than the first, and if it were to
go in any deeper, it might split her in two.  A slight
pull back, and then a hard thrust, and this time 8" of
the arch-fiends massive cock, drove deep into Cindi's
saturated pussy.  Again, the arch-fiend thrusted deep
into Cindi's stretched vagina, this time a full 11"
entered her, banging against her cervix.  Then pulling
back 8" and then driving with enough force, that is
pushed her up the table, the arch-fiend fucked all of
it's 12" cock straight up Cindi's wanton hole.
	For a moment, Cindi thought she was in heaven,
rather than in hell. The Arch-fiends cock stroking in
and out of her wet hole, further stretching her with
each thrust.  Cindi's pussy throbbing and contracting
around the beasts enormous cock.  
	Cindi felt an orgasm coming on with such force,
that is turned her vision red, and her head began to
swarm.  The Arch-Fiends cock throbbed and swelled inside
her hot vagina, stroking with 8" thrusts, each thrust
ending with the head of it's cock banging against her
cervix, and it's heavy balls slapping her gorgeous ass. 
	Cindi's back arched as she fell into the final
stage of her orgasm.  Hot searing pleasure flowed
through her screaming body, as fluids gushed out of her
hot hole, coating her inner thighs.  Her vagina squeezed
and milked the Arch-fiends invading cock, taking it's
toll on the beast, and suddenly the arch-fiend drove his cock
deep into Cindi's vagina, and let go a torrent of
cum deep into Cindi's womb, filling her with it's come
until it over flowed and dripped down the crack of her
ass, sending Cindi into another wave of ecstasy.  The
amount of pleasure was enough to send Cindi off into
unconsciousness, as her vision turned black, and her mind
wondered off.  The Arch-Fiend continued to thrust his
cock in and out of her saturated hole, until it was
fully spent.
	Cindi did not come around, remaining unconscious as
the rest of the Arch-fiends filled her pussy with their
hot thick sperm, and only until a while after all the
arch-fiends left, did she finally regain consciousness...
 
 
Part 2 of: Cindi in the nine hells.
 
 
 
	Cindi awoke to Cronis' face.  Between her legs was
sore from all the screwing she'd just had, and her
entire body seemed to be stiff, from head to toe.
	"And she finally comes 'round." Cronis grinned.
	Cindi looked around and saw that it was just her
and Cronis inside the Tavern. "Good God!" Cindi groaned.
	"Don't say that too loud!" Cronis warned, and then
helped her sit up on the table. "Feel ok?" He asked.
	"Wonderful!" Cindi gasped in memory. "That was
simply incredible."
	"It was quite a sight." Cronis agreed. "Here." He
said, and wrapped a blanket around Cindi, covering her
up. Cindi looked up at him curiously. 
	"Why has such a guy like yourself, been placed down
here?" She asked, hugging the blanket around herself.
	"Greed." Cronis said simply.  
	Cindi could feel Cronis' gaze on her body. She knew
he wanted her, and knowing this aroused her. She got up
off the table, and stood on wobbly legs.  "Can I have a
drink?" 
	Cronis took a while to respond, as he continued to
look over Cindi. "Hmm? Ya! Of course." He turned quickly
and headed back to the bar, getting Cindi a rye and
coke.  Cindi moved over to the bar and sat on a stool,
the blanket still wrapped around her body.  She combed
her fingers through her hair, pulling out some of the
knots that had formed in it. Cronis pushed the rye and
coke in front of Cindi, and took a long lustful stare at
her. Cindi picked up the glass, and took a generous sip.
	"Ah!" She sighed. "I feel so stiff," she said as
she rotated her shoulders. Cronis paused a moment, and
then walked around the bar behind Cindi.  Cindi felt his
hands press gently on her shoulders, and his fingers
work the muscles of her neck, relaxing her.
	"Mmm," she moaned, "That's nice."
	"So why are you here?" Cronis asked, as his hands
moved to her shoulders, and down her back, kneeding her
stiff muscles.
	"A number of reasons," Cindi said in a near
whisper.  "Could because I shrunk some guys dick.  Could
be because I turned another guys wife against him. 
Could be because I changed into a wolf while some guy
was doing me doggie-style.  I guess they all added up."
Cindi grinned.
	Cronis laughed. "You did all that? Why?"
	"They all deserved it."
	"Obviously the gods didn't think so." Cronis
smiled.
	"Obviously." Cindi wanted to feel his hands against her
skin, and let the blanket drop from her shoulders.
"Seriously, for 500 years, you've not had a woman?"
	Cronis chuckled, his fingers raking down Cindi's
back, causing her to moan. "Not a real woman like
yourself, only a few succubi.  And with them, you have
to watch yourself.  Although, with what you just told
me, I think I'd have to watch myself with you as well."
He grinned.
	"Only if you wronged me somehow." Cindi chuckled.
	"I'll have to be sure I don't do that then, won't
I?" Cronis smiled.
	"Mmm Hmm." Cindi leaned back against Cronis' hands.
"So what are they like?" Cindi asked. "Succubi I mean."
	Cronis paused a moment, his hands stopping their
movement over Cindi's skin.  "Well," his hands began to
move again. "For one thing, they'll do just about
everything you can possibly imagine.  I guess they
aren't too bad, but like I said, you have to watch
yourself.  Especially if you are a living person.  They
like to draw from your lifeforce, and if you don't watch
it, they'll kill you in doing so.  Of course, you'll die
happy, but still."
	"But you are dead aren't you?" Cindi said, somewhat
confused.
	Cronis chuckled softly. "Hell no, excuse the pun. 
I was never killed really.  When the contract, which was
9 years long, was over, I was just brought here.  No
killing, no nothing, just brought here to serve for
Satan.   One of his many servants."  He paused a moment,
his hands traveling down the sides of Cindi, caressing
the sides of her breasts. "Kind of like how you are his
servant, actually, only I'm not free to roam around.  In
a sense, you can say he has my soul, only I am here with
it."
	Cindi began to feel the tinglings in her crotch
again, and her nipples became erect.  "But you are 500
years old."
	"That I am, but you don't age here in hell, not
unless Satan wills it, or the all mighty does."  His
hands came down to rest at Cindi's hips.
	"You really want me, don't you?" Cindi said,
turning around to face him.  
	Cronis grinned. "Is there a man in his right mind
who wouldn't?"
	"But you didn't take me while I was on the table?"
Cindi asked curiously. 
	"No, I like my women awake, and willing." Cronis
grinned, staring deep into Cindi's dark blue eyes.
	Cindi put her drink down on the bar top, and let
her hand drift down to Cronis' crotch, where she found
his cock hard and throbbing to her touch, through the
cloth of his pants.  "I'm awake, and I'm willing." she
leered at Cronis.  Cronis leaned over, taking a handful
of her breasts, and closing his mouth over one of her nipples.  
	Cindi moaned, pulling at the cord that held up
Cronis' pants.  Once the cord was loosened, and his
pants fell down to his ankles, Cindi pulled his face up
from her breasts, and kissed him hungerly on the lips,
one of her hands, surrounding his throbbing cock. 
Cronis pulled his shirt up and off of himself, his hands
moving over Cindi's breasts, down to her hips.
	Cindi stood up off the stool, and began kissing
down Cronis' neck.  Then with a slithering tongue, she
licked around each of his nipples, biting each of them
as well. Then licked her way down into a kneeling
position before his crotch.  Her tongue danced over the
head of his cock, then licked up and down the length of
his shaft.  Cronis moaned, grabbing a handful of her
hair. 
	Cindi cupped his balls in her right hand, and with
her left hand, began to stroke his shaft slowly.  She
let her hot, wet mouth close over the head of his cock,
sucking it into her mouth.  Slowly she began to take
more and more of his cock into her mouth, her tongue
licking around his shaft as she did so.  She took half
of his cock into her mouth, and then began to lift back
up.  Her tongue swirled around the head of his cock,
causing him to groan with pleasure, before she moved her
mouth back down the length of his cock.  She repeated
this many more times, always taking just half the length
of his cock into her mouth, before raising back up. 
Then all at once, she drove her mouth down on his cock,
taking as much of it as she could into her mouth and
throat, her tongue licking down the shaft, and her
throat constricting around the head.  Up then down, she
stroked his cock with her mouth, each time the head of
his cock going into her throat.  Cronis' breathing soon
became short gasps, and his body began to tremble.  he
could feel his orgasm nearing, sweat dripping down his
brow, and his body burning with desire.
	Just before he was able to fire his load of sperm
deep into Cindi's throat, he pulled her off his
twitching cock.  "Turn around." He said with a moan. 
She did as she was told, and leaned up against the bar,
sticking her ass out at Cronis.  Cronis bent down behind
her, getting a good look at her swollen labia and her
pink pussy, and well as her puckering asshole.  Cindi
shivered as she felt one of his fingers slide along her
wet slit, dipping slightly into her vagina.  She spread
her legs further apart, allowing Cronis better access to
her throbbing vagina.  Cronis flicked his tongue over
her clit, and pushed two of his fingers deep into
Cindi's clutching vagina.  His mouth closed over her
clit, and he began to suck on it, bringing forth moans
from Cindi.  He began to work his tongue over her slit,
taking his lubricated fingers out from her vagina.  His
tongue felt wonderful on her aching labia, still sore from the
fucking she'd taking from all the arch-fiends. 
His tongue probed into her throbbing vagina, and he
began to fuck it in and out of her, as if it were a
cock.  Gasps and moans escaped from Cindi, and she
pushed her ass back against his face. Cronis pushed one
of his fingers into Cindi's puckered asshole, and began
thrusting it in and out of her in time with his tongue. 
With his other hand, and began to rub his fingers around
her clit, then over it.  Cindi began to tremble where
she stood, her already weakened legs, losing more
strength.  Cronis pulled his finger from her asshole,
and replaced it with his tongue, licking out her tight
dark hole, and thrusting two fingers deep into her
vagina.
	Cindi groaned with pleasure, never before had a man
done this to her before, and now as it was being done
for the first time, she loved it.  She felt his tongue
leave her asshole, and his fingers leave her wet vagina,
then she felt the head of his cock pressing against her
anus.  She thought of protesting, but instead, allowed
the head of Cronis' cock to enter her rectum.  She
winced as she felt something, somewhat close to pain, as
her rectum stretched to fit more of Cronis' cock. 
Slowly, bit by bit, Cronis pushed more and more of his
cock into Cindi's virgin asshole.  Soon, the entire
length of Cronis' 8" cock was embedded in Cindi's tight
anus.  Cindi breath came in short gasps, as her asshole
struggled to stretch and accommodate the size of Cronis'
cock.  She felt Cronis' fingers on her clit, as he left
his cock deep in her asshole. Soon, what was once pain,
became just a slight discomfort, and with Cronis'
fingers working on her clit, and his other hand grasping
her breasts, the discomfort was soon forgotten.
	Cronis slowly began to stroke is throbbing cock in
and out of Cindi's tight asshole.  And with each of his
thrusts, the feel of his cock in her anus became more
and more pleasurable to Cindi.  She began throwing her
ass back at his thrusts, trying to get more of his cock
into her.  Her ass turning small circles, and squeezing
around the cock lodged inside it.
	"Oh! Fuck my ass!" Cindi yelled out. "Harder!
Harder!"  Cronis obeyed by thrusting his cock into her
with ferocity, his balls hitting her sopping pussy. "Oh
YES! YES!" Cindi screamed.
	Cindi felt two of Cronis' fingers enter her vagina,
and pump in and out of her at the same rate that his
cock did in her asshole.
	Cronis continued to pump his 8" cock in and out of
her stretched asshole, his breaths becoming shorter and
shorter as he neared his orgasm, Cindi not far behind.
	She began to pull and squeeze at her nipples,
feeling Cronis' shivers, as he fought to hold off his
raging orgasm.  His cock swelled deep inside her, and
she felt his torrid of sperm shoot deep into her ass.   The
feeling of the sperm firing inside her was enough to
bring her to her own orgasm, and she began to shake and
quiver, as her vagina and asshole squeezed and milked at
the fingers and cock that were inside them.
	"Fuck YES! Oh! I'm Cumming!" Cindi screamed.
  Cronis continued to thrust his cock into Cindi's cum
filled asshole until he was fully spent, and Cindi's
quivering came to an end. then he pulled her down on top
him, his cock never leaving the depths of her anus.
	On the floor, like that, they stayed together for a
while.  Then finally Cindi got up off of him. 
	"That was wonderful." She smiled and kissed Cronis
gently. "But I really must go." She sighed.
	"Must you?" Cronis asked.
	Cindi nodded.  "You wouldn't happen to have any
clothes I could wear would you?" She said as she stood
up.  Her vagina and asshole still sopping with cum, and
it dripped down her inner thighs. "I need to wash up,"
she realized.
	"Take a room upstairs." Cronis smiled. 
	"They have rooms here?"
	"It is a Tavern, isn't it?" 
	"Well yes, but..." Cindi shrugged.  Who would have
expected there to be a place you could spend the night
in hell?
	Cronis suddenly vanished from where he was on the
floor, and reappeared, fully clothed behind the bar.
"Here." he said, tossing her a key. "There will be a
hot bath waiting for you, possibly a little extra, who
knows." He then handed her a towel, which he seemed to
get from no where, and a pair of pants and a shirt. 
	Cindi took the stuff and smiled at him. "You are
really something else." She kissed him and then started
up the stairs. "I'll be sure to pay you more visits
while I'm here." She grinned.
	Cronis watched as she walked up the stairs, his
gaze never leaving her gorgeous ass.
 
 
Cindi in the Nine Hells 
		Chapter 3...
 
	She looked around as she walked up the stairs. 
Surprisingly, the place was in decent shape.  Who would have
thought it?  The walls were the red stone that seemed to be
everywhere, however, they were smoothed out, making them almost
like marble.  
 
	After entering the hallway, she found it quite odd that the
only door in the hallway had the same number on it that was on
her key.  After unlocking the door, she entered her room.
 
	She was awestruck.  The place was far larger than she would
have expected, far larger than she would have thought possible,
concidering the size of the tavern.  To her left was a giant
sized bed, covered with red satin sheets and elevated on a
platform that had stairs leading up to it.  Ahead of her was
large painting which seemed to portray the damning of Lucifer. 
On it was a towering bearded figure pointing a crooked figure at
a young angel who seemed to be cowering in fear.  
 
	Interesting that something like that would be in here, she
thought to herself.  Looking to her left, she could see a
doorway which lead to what was more a sauna than a tub.  
	
	The entire place was lit by candle light, which gave the
room a glowing red color.  Almost cautiously, she walked into the
room that had the sauna.  The water steamed and bubbled.  She
wondered how the water was kept hot, since there was no
technology here, nothing to heat it up, save fire, but there was
no fire around that she could see.
 
	She placed the clothes and the towel that Cronis had given
her on the floor.  The constant throb that seemed to run through
every muscle in her body seemed to increase with the anticipation
of the hot water.
 
	She could feel the semen of the Arch-Fiends and Cronis
leaking down the inside of her thigh, sending a shiver up her
spine.  She felt dirty, and couldn't wait to feel the hot water
over her firm body, cleansing her, washing away the throbbing
pain in her muscles.   
 
	Experimentally, she dipped her foot in the water.  She
winced at first at the tempurature of the water.  It was almost
unbarably hot, almost.  Slowly, she lowered herself into the
steaming water.  Her eyes closed, she sank all the to her neck in
the water, sitting down on a ledge that on the inside of the tub.
 
	The water felt wonderous.  Her delicate hands slowly moved
over her entire body, kneeding and massaging her aching muscles, 
allowing the heat of the water to loosen her, relax her.   Her
hands moving softly over her gorgeous breasts, then gathering
water and splashing it up into her face.
 
	Who would have thought a bath could feel so good? She
thought to herself.  Her hand travelled down her her thighs,
there she worked the muscles, releaving the tension in them.
 
	She dunked herself under the water, washing her face,
letting her hair get wet.  Resurfacing, she looked down at the
body she'd chosen for the day.  She liked this one.  Two long
thin fingers, her own fingers, gently traced around one of her
nipples until it stood out proudly.
	
	She thought about how full she felt with the Arch-Fiends
penises deep inside her, how it felt to have them shooting their
potent seed up inside her belly.  She knew she should feel
repulsed, letting such beasts have their way with her, but
instead she felt wicked.  The idea of doing something no one else
would, something most wouldn't even think of, it excited her.
 
	Then she thought about Cronis.  He seemed so kind, like he
didn't belong here at all.  She wondered what he'd asked for,
then her mind trailed off to the feeling of his hands on her
body.  They'd been so gentle compared to the coarse hands of the
Arch-fiends, almost loving, something no man had ever done for
her.  
 
	Becoming increasingly aroused, her hands moved down between
her legs.  One of her long fingers moving slowly between her
labia before pushing gently into her vagina.  
 
	A soft moan escaped her lips and she arched her neck and
back, probing deeper with her finger.  She could feel the semen
from the Arch-Fiends still inside her.  She twisted and turned
her finger around inside her, bringing forth another moan from
her lips, this one louder than the last.
 
	She remembered the initial pain caused by Cronis' penis
entering her anus, then the throbbing pleasure it gave her
afterwards.  She remembered the feeling of his sperm shooting up
inside her.  She remembered how full she felt, stretched. 
Another moan.
 
	Her other hand began to work on her clitoris, her fingers
rubbing it, teasing it out of it's hiding place.  Another finger
worked it's way into her clutching vagina.  She felt herself
becoming weak from arousal, and from the steam and heat of the
water she was in.  The tempurature of the water seemed to heat up
her insides, her blood felt like it was almost boiling, her head
seemed to swim, and her body felt almost as if it was flooting,
in air, near weightless in the water.
 
	Suddenly her orgasm hit her, the force of it coming as a
total shock.  Her body spasmed, splashing water all over the
floor, she drove her fingers as deep as she could into her
squeezing vagina, ravishing the exhausting sensation of the
orgasm that shook her, and then the slow trip down from height of
pleasure, back to Hell.
 
	A deep sigh escaped her, and she openned her eyes, looking
about the room.  Luckily, none of the water she'd splashed out
onto the floor had reached the towel, or the clothes Cronis had
given her.
 
	After remaining in the water a while longer, the water she
noticed, never seemed to cool down, she got out and dried herself
off.
 
	She was exhausted, and needed sleep, and not wanting to
sleep in the clothes Cronis had given her, she slipped into the
large bed naked, enjoying the feel of the satin sheets on her
soft skin.
 
	Drifting off into sleep, she wondered what her next
adventure would be, what would happen next...
 
-=*=-
 
	She dreamt of Satan, and her first meeting with him.  He
came to her while she was standing alone on a hill, around her
was nothing but plains and grass.  
 
	Satan was dressed in all black armor, sitting on his giant
sized horse.  The horse seemed to float through the air, rather
than gallop along the ground.  
 
	Satan's face looked nothing like she would have thought.  He
was handsome, blonde hair, deep blue eyes.  Definitly the most
handsome man she'd ever seen.  His face looked so innocent,
something you'd not expect from the god of lies.
	
	She staired up at him, entranced.  She could feel the desire
burning inside her, she knew she'd do anything he asked of her. 
She wanted to be his, she needed to be his.
 
	Unmoving she watched him dismount the magnificant beast he'd
been riding.  The horse standing still, waiting for it's master
to mount it again, ready to leave at a moments notice.
 
	Suddenly, she sensed she was no longer wearing clothes, and
naked she stood before Satan, his gaze looking deep into her
soul.  She knew why he was here, she'd called for him.  She was
angry with men, she had had enough, and it seemed that god had no
time for her, therefore who else was there but Satan?   And here
he was, he did not ignore her like The All Mighty had. He was
here, standing before her, his hand reaching out to her,
beconning her.
 
	She fell to her knees, taking his hand in hers and kissing
it.  Pleasure swarmed through her body like jolts of hell-fire,
heating up her insides. 
 
	He was no longer clothed, his beautiful body naked before
her eyes like a symbol of perfection.   His throbbing penis
standing erect away from his groin.  Something in her told her
she had to kiss it, a need, a desire, like nothing she'd ever
felt before.   Leaning forward, she gently kissed it's tip,
seeing it twitch under her lips.  She opened her mouth, taking
the head of the penis inside her mouth, then taking more, and
still more, until she could feel the head lodged in her throat.  
 
	Her mind was filled with nothing but desire, and want, the
want to please her master, Satan.  She was his.  Before she
realized it, she was on her hands and knees, her bottom held
high, exposing herself to Satan, who now knelt behind her.
 
	She felt his hot throbbing penis push through her wet lips,
entering her tight vagina, filling her with hard, throbbing
pleasure.  
 
	She recognized the possition in which he took her, and what
it symbolized.  She was his pet, his bitch, and he took her as
such, his hard penis thrusting in and out of her.
 
	She gasped, she moaned, she drove her hips back, meeting his
thrusts, trying to drive him deeper into her, even though she
knew she was already filled to the limit.  
 
	Her body ached, not in pain, but in ecstasy, every muscle in
her body screaming for her orgasm.  Then it started.  Her body
convulsed, her back arched, a piercing scream came from her
mouth, her vagina constricting around the invading penis inside
it.  Under normal circumstances, she was sure she would have
passed out, but now, the intense pleasure only grew until it was
unbarable.  Scream after scream of pure pleasure came from her,
her heart pounded so hard, she thought it was going to burst from
her chest.  She thrashed, throwing herself back at the Arch-
Angel, her eyes closed tight.
 
-=*=-
 
	She felt the head of his penis move around inside her,
flexing, unflexing.  She wasn't on her hands and knees anymore,
she was lying on her back.  She wasn't dreaming anymore, she
actually did have something deep inside her, filling her,
stretching her.  It had to be at least a foot long, and thick, so
thick.   
 
	She screamed as her orgasm continued.  Her vagina clutched
at the shaft inside her as it move out of her, then drove back
inside her, all the way to her cervix.  
 
	Her eyes opened wide, looking down between her legs, the
surprise she found, only making her orgasm become more fierce. 
There she saw a beautiful woman, a head full of blond hair, naked
with her entire hand, up to her wrist stuck deep inside Cindi's
vagina.
 
	That was it, that put her over the edge; Cindi let out a
long howling scream, releasing all the pleasure all the ecstasy
that filled her every muscle, and she came around the invading
hand in her vagina.
 
	Her chest rose and fell deliciously as she sat on the edge
of concsiousness, breathingly heavily.  She felt the hand leave
her vagina, leaving it gapping open, her juice dripping down her
thighs, and onto the sheets of the bed.  Who was this woman? The
thought entered the back of her mind, why is she here?  She felt
the other womans hot mouth close gently over her right nipple,
the womans tongue dancing over it.   
 
	Cindi moaned.
 
	The womans tongue licked up her chest, her neck.  Cindi's
mind raced. What's going on here? She thought to say, but the
words refused to come out of her mouth.  She was exhausted from
the force of her orgasm.
 
	She felt the other womans lips close over her own, in a
soft, gentle kiss.  Her tongue pushing into Cindi's mouth, and
Cindi who welcomed the invasion.
 
	Again Cindi's mind filled with pleasure, and now her body
began to feel comfortably numb.  Slowly, so very slowly, she
began to feel herself slipping away, into a place unknown to her. 
The other womans mouth still covering hers, the other womans
hands now caressing Cindi's breasts.
 
	A succubus! The realization came to her like a slap in the
face.  She then realized it was her lifeforce that was being
drained.  Panicing, she struggled to free herself from the
Succubus' kiss, trying to push the she-devil off her.  But she
was too weak, her muscles would not respond to the eletrical
impulses sent to them by her brain.  She tried to call forth
magic, but none came, she remembered Cronis saying, No magic in
here.  
 
	She didn't want to die, not now, not like this.  Why not
like this? A thought entered her mind.  She continued to
struggle, but it was hopeless, slowly, she felt her life slipping
away to the woman who was now ontop of her.  Soon there would be
nothing, and then she would know what it was truely like, to be
dead, and have your soul damned to hell.  
 
	"ENOUGH!" She heard a loud roar, and suddenly the Sucubus
was thrown clear across the room into the far wall.  She looked
up, but only saw a clouded vision of a large muscular figure, her
eyes refusing to focus.
  
	"But..." She heard the Sucubus start.
 
	"I said ENOUGH, I told you not to take her life force!" She
recognized the voice as being a male voice, but she'd never heard
it before.  "For this Corie, you shall be punished!" 
 
	Cindi heard the Succubus get to her feet while she still
laid there helplessly.
 
	"Off with you, and we will discuss your punishment later!"
The man-voice said.
 
	Cindi then lost concsiousness, the loss of most of her
lifeforce taking it's toll on her...
 
 
Cindi In Hell (Part 4)
 
  Story By: Dan Rozon
 
The dark horse rides through the wind
His beautiful master sitting on his back.
The darkened angel answers his call,
a call from a follower, followers he does not lack.
The disbelievers, they fall under his power,
the faithful believe they can't be harmed,
but no one can battle him, none are properly armed.
Truth or lies? Who is to say?
When the darkness steals your life away,
then you'll know the right path,
then you'll know the way.
 
 
 
	Cindi awoke, her body ached, her head pounded, and her
breathing seemed somewhat raspy, it was almost as if she'd just
finished running a marathon.  She could only vaguely remember
what
had happened only hours before.  She could recall the succubus,
and how her life was being drained from her, and then being
saved, by who, she did not know.  Whoever it was, she was sure
she would find out soon enough.
 
	Slowly, she sat up and rubbed her legs.  Her clothes were
piled neatly on the floor, and she made an attempt to levitate
them to her. Again she was reminded by her failure, that she was
unable to use magic inside the inn.
 
	Standing on wobbly legs, she got to her feet and picked up
her clothes.  It had been sometime since she ran her last errand,
and she knew it was only a matter of time before she had to do
her next task, whatever that task may be.
 
	After dressing, she left the room, stumbling her way down
the stairs.  She cursed that succubus for having drained her life
like she did, unfortunately, since she was still inside the inn,
the curse had no effect.
 
	"Cindi, you look like you've been to hell and back," were
the first words she heard from Cronis after entering the common
room.
 
	Cindi groaned at his pun and looked up at him.  Seeing him
smiling at her seemed to give her the extra bit of strength she
needed to carry her to one of the bar stools, where she sat down
heavily.  "Well, I haven't made it back yet," she smiled weakly.
 
	Cronis handed her a glass of orange juice, "Didn't sleep
well?"
 
	Cindi slowly brought the glass to her full red lips and took
a small sip, "You mean you can't tell?" She said with more than
just a hint of sarcasm.
 
	"Well..." Was all Cronis replied.
 
	Cindi looked about the room and noticed that the only other
person -- if you want to call it that -- in the room other than
herself and Cronis, was an extremely ugly, boil faced, pig nosed,
horn headed creature, sitting in the corner of the room.  The
creatures blood shot eyes gazed at her, causing her to
immediately become uncomfortable; she quickly turned away and
faced Cronis.
 
	"I should have warned you not to look that way," Cronis
sighed, "so I'll warn you now, don't look that way."
 
	Cindi fought off her first urge to steal another glance and
asked, "What the hell is it?!"
 
	"A demon, I believe his name is Cyranth, or something along
those lines.  He often comes here in search of followers." Cronis
shrugged.
 
	"Follow that?" Cindi said with some surprise.  "Getting more
and more desperate for leaders around here, aren't they?"
 
	"Cindi, watch yourself, he may very well decide to take you
for his next follower." Cronis warned.
 
	Cindi turned and looked at the disgusting looking Demon. 
Right away, she noticed he was staring at her.  She looked into
his deep red eyes, feeling herself becoming less aware of the
rest of her surroundings.
 
	"Cindi?" Cronis' voice seemed almost non-existent, like a
tiny bell ringing annoyingly in the back of her mind.  Suddenly
she felt herself standing up and moving towards the Demon. 
"Cyranth, release her," sounded Cronis' voice again.  Cindi
became frightful, trying to will herself to stop moving towards
the Demon, but her muscles refused to obey. She tried to cry out,
but even that she could not do. "Cyranth, this is my final
warning," spoke Cronis.
 
	"Has Cronis found himself attached to a certain woman?" Came
the Demon's hoarse reply. "It is not within your right to say who
I can, and who I can not have as my slave," the Demon snickered,
"You are a slave yourself."
 
	"So long as you are in my Inn, it is my right to do as I
wish." Cronis said in a deadly tone.
 
	"Are you threatening me?" The Demon laughed, and Cindi moved
still closer towards him.  "Cronis, you can not save her  outside
this Inn, why bother attempting inside?"
 
	Cindi was somewhat confused, it was quite apparent to her
that the Demon was reluctant to take on Cronis, but she couldn't
understand why.  Her confusion didn't last long, as it was
replaced by horror.  She was now close enough to the Demon that
she could smell his putrid stench.  The smell of death, and
rotting corpses.  Her stomach began to turn, but still she could
not stop herself from moving forward, and this made her feel
helpless.
 
	"One hand on her, Cyranth, and I swear..." Cronis started.
	
	"You'll do WHAT, Cronis?" The Demon mused, "What can you do
to me?"  The Demon's hand reached out to touch Cindi's face.
 
	A sudden blast of scorching heat flew by Cindi, causing her
to fly off to her left, throwing her hard against the wall.  She
looked up just in time to see a red hot fireball land square in
the chest of the Demon, throwing him back off his chair, and
enveloping him in a fiery blaze.  She was now released from the
Demon's control, but this apparently had it's price, for the
entire left side of her body was burnt, causing her immense pain.
Feeling this pain, made her feel even more surprised when she saw
the Demon stand to his feet and glare angrily at Cronis.
 
	"That perhaps, was the biggest mistake you will ever make." 
The Demon snickered at Cronis.  A bright bolt of energy shot from
the Demon's hand towards Cronis and hit him in the stomach, but
surprisingly, Cronis only seemed to absorb it.  The look of shock
on the Demon's face was quite evident.
 
	"Get out of my Inn!" Cronis shouted. 
 
	"You can be sure, you'll be seeing me again." The Demon said
angrily as he started for the door. "And your dear friend, Cindi,
she will be mine, you can bet your already bought soul on it."
 
	"Get out!" Cronis shouted again, his hands beginning to glow
a dark red, almost black color.
 
	As soon as the Demon was out the door, Cronis rushed to
Cindi's side.  Cindi looked up at him, her pain shown in her
facial expression.
	
	"I'm so sorry," Cronis said, crouching beside her. "I didn't
mean you to get in the path of the fireball, I should have
thought before hand."
 
	Cindi was speechless, she was still trying to grasp the
feeling of helplessness she'd felt,  having her body under
someone else's control.  Even when Satan had taken her, it was
under her own will.  
 
	"Here, let me help you with those burns." Cronis spoke
softly.  Cindi felt his hand touch the side of her face lightly,
causing her to wince from the stinging pain it caused, a stinging
pain that went away as quickly as it'd come.  His hand moved down
the length of her body, over every part of her that was burnt. 
Everywhere his hand touched, there was at first a stinging pain,
then a feeling of relief.
 
	Who was this man who was healing her? How did he become so
powerful? Cindi looked down at her once burnt body, now the only
trace that she had been burnt in the first place, was the
blackened clothing she wore.
 
	"How...?" Was all that she could manage to get out of her
mouth.
 
	Cronis looked at Cindi sympathetically, "It's my Inn, the
only one more powerful than me here, is Satan, although, I'm sure
I'm going to get a lot of flack for saving you." He sighed.
 
	"H-how did he do that?" The words stumbled from out of
Cindi.
 
	"Cyranth is one of the most powerful Demons, his touch alone
causes disease.  I don't doubt he'll be good on his threats, you
are going to have to watch yourself." Cronis caressed Cindi's
cheek.  
 
	Cindi was starting to come around, and with Cronis' help,
she got to her feet, and sat down in a nearby chair.  "I know
you've told me before, but, why can't you leave if you are so
powerful?"  She looked up into Cronis' eyes.
 
	Cronis sighed, waving his hand, Cindi saw the door to the
Inn apparently vanish from the wall.  His sat down in a chair
beside hers.  "Outside of being trapped here simply because
Satan wills it, it is hard to explain, I'm not quite certain even
I understand." He sighed.  "I guess the easiest way would be to
say, you see this around you?" He motioned to the Inn with a wave
of his hand. "This is me, this is my soul." He took a moment to
pause in thought, meanwhile Cindi looked at him entranced. "I
don't know why it is, but for some reason, Satan doesn't exactly
control my soul."
 
	"How do you know this?"  Cindi asked, thinking, why would
you be here if he didn't?
 
	"If he did, I'd be doing as he pleased, and I would not have
been able to stop Cyranth from taking you.  I have my own will
here, and those who have given their soul to Satan do his
bidding, and have no choice to do so.  You see, your mind, your
body, always wants to be where your soul is, it's a natural
attraction, in saying this, if Satan had your soul, you'd always
want to be with him, if Cyranth had your soul, he would be your
master.  Me, I'm stuck here.  No one controls me, I just can't
bring myself to leave this place."  Again Cronis took the time to
pause.  "Do you know of the spell, Soul Entrapment?"
 
	Cindi nodded, recognizing the spell as one of which, you use
an object to trap the soul of a victim in it.  Once the soul is
trapped, the victim is then drawn inside the object, and thus
trapped, body and soul in the object.
 
	Cronis nodded back, "Yeah, I think that is what has been
done to me."
 
	"But that doesn't explain the power you have here." Cindi
noted.
 
	"This is hell, no one has ever said things are the same here
as they are up in the real world." Cronis shrugged.
 
	"Isn't that spell reversible?" Cindi asked.
 
	"Who can reverse it?  I believe the one who tries to reverse
it must be more powerful than the one who casted it in the first
place." Cronis smirked, "And who do you know, that could reverse
something cast by Satan?"
 
	Cindi began to think about it, God? She didn't say it.
 
	"Now might not be the best time to mention this, but you are
to go see Graz'zt." Cronis sighed.
 
	Cindi had heard of Graz'zt, he was a Demon, which meant
she'd have to travel to the abyss to go to him. She sighed.
 
	"He was by to tell me, didn't mention what you are going to
be doing, however."  Cronis stood, and moved back behind the bar,
the door now back on the wall.
 
	"There must be a way to get you freed from here." Cindi said
as she stood to her feet.
 
	"If there were a way, you'd think I'd have found it by now,
after all, I've had 500 years to figure one out." Cronis grinned
slightly.
 
	"I'll see what I can do."  Cindi smiled back at him as she
headed for the door.
 
	"Watch yourself Cindi." Cronis warned.
 
	"I always do."  She left.
 
-=*=-
 
	As soon as Cindi left, she felt the power of her magic run
freely through her body.  She sighed joyfully as the magic
rejuvenated her.   Looking down at her burnt clothes, she decided
now might be a good time to better them, and with but a thought,
she changed the burnt shirt and pants into the same long thin red
dress the Arch-fiends had ripped.
 
	To the Abyss, she thought to herself, just great.  The Abyss
was quite a bit different from hell.  The Abyss is probably what
most people would refer to as hell.  There, all around, there are
people being tortured, killed (even though most of them are
already dead), raped and maimed.  The main deference being, it is
in the Abyss that the Demons have their home.  Demon's in
contrary to Arch-Devils, have no code of honor, and therefore are
subjected to chaotic behavior.  Sure, there are some who are not
so chaotic, but those few are greatly outnumbered.  Graz'zt, who
she was to go see, was the Demon Prince, this much she knew. 
Probably one of the more powerful Demons, and definitely one of
the most prestigious.
 
	To get to the Abyss, she had to go see the Gate Keeper, or
the Boatman, as some have called him.  A dark hooded Arch-Devil
she was not very fond of, she despised having to ride a boat with
him just to be taken to the Abyss.  
 
	It was when she was half way there, when she remembered she
needed something to give to the Gate Keeper as a toll.  She
herself over; she had nothing on her to give, and that was one
Arch-Devil she'd never give herself to.  She looked down at her
dress then smiled slightly.  
 
	Ripping small piece of cloth from the sleeve of her dress,
her hands began to glow.  The cloth then begun to change shape,
then color, then form.  Within a matter of about a minute, the
once ripped piece of cloth had turned into a gold broach.
 
	Cindi smiled down at her handy work that was now in her
hand, and then continued on towards the river. As she neared the
river, the smell of rotting corpses began to flood her nose, a
scent so disgusting, she was forced to cover her mouth and nose
with the sleeve of her dress.  In the distance, she could see the
Gate Keeper standing at a dock, his old wooden boot floating
gently in the black water.
 
	When she was just before the Gate Keeper, she watched as his
skeletal hand reached out towards her, from experience, she knew
she was to give him a toll, and she did just that, handing him
the broach.  The Gate Keeper looked down at the broach before
putting it in his black cloak.  He stepped aside, and without a
word, motioned Cindi inside the boat.  
 
	Cindi walked past the Gate Keeper, and into the boat, the
boat which had many holes in the floor of it, and the boat which
seemed to be rotting.  Also from experience, she knew she needn't
tell the Gate Keeper her destination, as it was, he always knew
where to go.
 
	The Gate Keeper followed her inside the boat, and
immediately the it slowly began to move forward.  Cindi turned
away from the Gate Keeper, wishing not to see the red eyes that
were the only sign there was a face hidden under the dark hood,
and looked forward.
 
	Dead bodies floated in the water, rotting hands came up out
if it, trying to grab hold of the boat, and looking down in the
water, Cindi could see the number of trapped souls inside it,
souls that had been plunged down into the cursed water by the
Gate Keeper.
 
	The trip to the Abyss took only about 20 minutes, but it
seemed much longer for Cindi, and as the boat neared the dock at
the Abyss, Cindi could see the chaos that was around her.  Lead
by a hairy, horned demon, a line of slaved humans, all chained in
a row, walked over the reddened sand across her path.  Each of
the slaves had a number of welts across their back and chest,
most likely caused by a whip.  Cindi winced as the boat came to a
halt at the dock, and the Gate Keeper waited patiently for her to
get off.
 
	She stepped off, knowing where she was to go to meet
Graz'zt, which was always the case when someone sent for her.
She used magic to make herself unnoticeable as she walked through
the Abyss.  She kept her gaze to the ground before her, not
wanting to see the torture and the pain that surrounded her. 
Screams of pain and agony sounded in her ears, but she forced
herself to ignore them.
 
	It wasn't long before she was close to Graz'zt's mansion. 
Around here, everything was quite.  Overhead, there were a number
of succubus flying each of them going to the Demon Prince's
mansion.  
 
	The mansion was made out of a dark black stone.  It was
squared in shape, and three stories high.  It sat high up on a
hill which made it look larger than it's already huge size.  The
front door was at least 15 feet high, which was normal in Hell
and in the Abyss, since most of the Demons and Arch-Devils were
about 9 feet tall.  The door itself was wood, and when Cindi
finally went to knock on it, the door opened on it's own.
 
	Reluctantly stepping inside, she looked around her.  The
place was magnificent.  Huge pillars held up the heavy stone
ceiling, spiral stairs lead up to the next level, the floor was
made of marble and the walls covered with historical paintings,
all of which, Cindi was sure, told the story of Graz'zt himself.
 
	She was looking around at the paintings, when she heard a
man's low, but soft voice, behind her. "Welcome to my home."  She
spun around to see Graz'zt. "Did you enjoy your trip here?" His
voice seemed somehow familiar. 
 
	"Not in the least," she said honestly.  Graz'zt gave her a
fanged grin.  He was indeed as handsome as the rumors had said,
in some ways even more appealing than Satan himself.  He wore
only dark leather pants and a belt that held his enchanted sword.
 
He had dark skin, long black hair and pointed ears.  His eyes
were red, though his pupils were black.  His nine feet in height
made him seem even more awe inspiring to Cindi.  "What is it you
sent me for?" Cindi said, trying to sound as calm as she possibly
could.
 
	"I believe you owe me." Graz'zt said as he walked around
Cindi as if to examine her. "Yes, you do owe me."
 
	"Owe you?" Cindi said quizzically.
 
	Graz'zt reached out and touched Cindi's cheek with the back
of his hand, causing Cindi to close her eyes, in both fear and
excitement.  Cindi suddenly felt as if she were floating, and
when she opened her eyes again, she realized she was no longer
standing in the main room of Graz'zt's house. "Yes you owe me."
Graz'zt smiled at her. 
 
	Cindi looked around, the room she was now in must have been
the basement to Graz'zt's house.  It was dark in here, although
not so cold as you might expect a basement to be.  Lit up by only
a few torches, the room displayed many devices of torture.  One
of which the victim lays chained by their hands and feet, and is
stretched, another like a coffin, only spikes were imbedded in
the wood.  Sexual devices were also all over, nipple clamps,
dildo's, even vibrators, which was a surprise to Cindi, since in
both Hell and the Abyss, she'd never seen anything electrical
before.  Of course, none of this surprised her as much as the
women who stood chained against the wall.  Her naked body
glistening with sweat in the dim light.  She immediately
recognized the woman as the succubus who'd drained her hours
earlier.
 
	"You..." Cindi begun.
 
	"Yes, it was I who spared your pitiful life, and for that
you owe me."  Graz'zt grinned and again began to circle around
Cindi.
 
	Cindi looked at the woman chained to the wall, the woman
looked as helpless, her eyes distant and her facial expression
passive.  Looking down over her body, Cindi noticed the two
dildo's that were penetrating her vagina and rectum.  Both had to
be at least 2 inches thick.
 
	"Would you like to do anything to her before I set her
free?" Graz'zt asked.
 
	Too easy, Cindi thought to herself.  If she was going to get
back at this Succubus, she wanted to do it on her own, and in a
way that the Succubus would enjoy it at first, not with the help
of a Demon who already said she owed him something.  She looked
over the Succubus again, her firm breasts, creamy white skin,
full red lips.  Slowly she stepped up to the succubus and called
upon her magic to protect her, then gently kissed the succubus on
the lips, surprising herself, as well as the two others in the
room.
 
	"This is interesting," Cindi heard Graz'zt move closer to
her, and then felt his hands on her back.  She figured it was
more than likely her body that Graz'zt wanted, and it was
probably better that he have her on her terms, and not his own,
so she continued.
 
	Cindi's hand moved down the length of the chained body
before her, until it reached the dildo that protruded from the
woman's moist pink lips.  Taking the base of the dildo, she
slowly pulled it almost all the way out, finding that the dildo
was about 10" long.  She then drove it back inside the Succubus,
causing her to gasp and moan.  Cindi felt Graz'zt's hands on the
back of her legs, pushing the hem of her dress all the way up to
her waist, exposing her bare bottom to him.  She felt teeth on
the flesh of her ass, and then a tongue.  Hand worked the dress
up further, until it was at her shoulders. Cindi let go of the
dildo, and raises her arms so that Graz'zt could take the dress
off her.
 
	"Are you enjoying Corie, Cindi?"  Graz'zt whispered in her
ear.  Cindi didn't reply, and instead, called upon her magic, and
touched the links of the chains that held Corie to the wall, the
links broke, freeing Corie's arms.  Cindi then ducked her head
down, taking one of Corie's swelling nipples into her mouth, and
suckling on it.  
 
	Cindi was aware of Graz'zt's hands over her body.  Caressing
her breasts, fingers squeezing her nipples, running down her
sides, between her legs.  Cindi grasped the end of the dildo in
Corie's vagina again and began thrusting it in and out of the
Succubus.  Corie's back arched, and her head came forward, her
sharp teeth sinking into Cindi's shoulder.  Cindi gasped in pain,
driving the dildo up with extra force, as she jumped slightly.
 
	Cindi felt something pressing at the entrance to her vagina,
something very thick and very hard.  Suddenly, Graz'zt pushed his
large penis deep into Cindi with a single thrust, causing Cindi
to grunt in surprise, in pain, and in pleasure.
Graz'zt began thrusting forcefully in and out of Cindi, causing
her to whimper with each stroke.  The harder Graz'zt's penis
moved inside her, the harder Cindi worked the dildo inside Corie. 
  
	Corie moved her hand down between Cindi's leg, and began
vigorously rubbing her clitoris, bringing forth louder moans from
Cindi.  Cindi felt herself being pulled back, and suddenly
falling back, Graz'zt taking both himself and her to the floor.
Cindi, now lying on her back on top of Graz'zt chest, watched as
Corie pulled the dildo out of her vagina, and then out of her
anus and walked over to the two on the floor.
 
	Cindi could feel Graz'zt penis rutting in and out of her
vagina, his hands moving coarsely over her body.  Corie crouched
at Cindi's feet, and began kissing up her legs, her thighs.
Corie's tongue then centered on her clitoris, licking at it as
Graz'zt's penis thrust inside her.  Corie then moved up Cindi's
body, licking over her stomach, her breasts, and then looking
into her eyes. 
 
	Corie stood up over Cindi and Graz'zt, and then moved up
until Cindi had a perfect view of her shaved vagina.  Corie then
crouched down over Cindi's face.  Cindi then knew what was wanted
from her.   Just as Graz'zt again thrust deep inside her, Cindi
stuck her tongue out, and licked along Corie's labia.  Corie
gasped, and ground her thighs over Cindi's face.  
 
	Cindi pushed her tongue into the succubus' open vagina,
thrusting her tongue deep inside as if it were a miniature penis.
She couldn't believe she was doing this, it was almost as if she
were dreaming all of it, and nothing was real.  Pleasure was
swelling up inside her, her head was beginning to swim.  She
began flicking her tongue over the Succubus' clitoris, then
closed her mouth over it, sucking hard.
 
	Corie moaned, her back arched, her fingers squeezing and
pulling at her own nipples.  Graz'zt continued to buck underneath
Cindi, driving his penis in and out of her at a vicious rate.
 
	Suddenly Corie let out a scream and her body began to shake,
as she went into her orgasm. Cindi continued to suck on her
clitoris until Corie collapsed onto her side.
 
	Graz'zt suddenly pushed Cindi into a sitting position, and
then literally lifted her up off him, and turned her around.
Cindi knowing what he wanted, stratled his hips, and took hold of
his massive penis, guiding it to the entrance of her tunnel. 
Graz'zt pushed his hips up off the floor, and drove his penis
deep into Cindi, who groaned in pleasure.
 
	Cindi began raising herself up the length of Graz'zt's
penis, and then dropping back down on it, filling herself.
Cindi suddenly felt Corie's tongue on her anus and gasped
accordingly.  Cindi almost knew for certain what was about to
happen next, and moaned in anticipation.
 
	Corie pushed her tongue into Cindi's anus, reaming it out,
and lubricating it with her saliva.  She then positioned herself
behind the witch, placing the head of the strap on dildo she'd
put on at the entrance of Cindi's anus.
 
	Cindi felt Corie's hands push her forward, mashing her
breasts on Graz'zt's chest. She then felt the head of the dildo
on her anal hole, and then felt it push inside her.  She felt the
tightening of her vagina as the dildo began to slowly work it's
way up inside her rectum, until she was filled in both her holes.
 
	Cindi groaned as Corie began to work the dildo in and out of
her rectum, stretching it.  She felt stuffed, but it felt
wonderful.  She began throwing herself back at Graz'zt's penis,
and the dildo, trying to get more of them inside her.
 
	The increase in tightness had apparently taken it's toll on
Graz'zt, and Cindi felt his penis swell inside her, and his load
of hot semen fire inside her.  Corie was working the dildo harder
and faster with each stroke.
 
	Suddenly Cindi was in her orgasm, she screamed out as her
body convulsed.  Her vagina and rectum milking at the shafts
inside them.  She felt herself becoming increasingly exhausted,
unnaturally exhausted, then she realized what was happening. 
Graz'zt had casted a spell of sleep on her.  
 
	She struggled to get up, and cursed at herself for not
thinking to set up some defenses for something like this.  It was
much too late however, and knowing this, this stopped her
struggle, allowing Corie to continue moving the dildo, now
slowly, in and out of her rectum.
 
	The next thing she knew, she was naked and had her wrists
and ankles chained to a table, spreading her out.
