Spanking Cinthia

Cinthia knocked on the door in just a couple of minutes after her mom had
called to say she was sending her down.  Ruth is a parapalegic and can't
disicipline her daughter.  She asked me to spank her when necessary some two
years ago after the accident left her in a wheel chair.   I had been
babysitting Cinthia at the time and said sure, thinking that Ruth had meant
it more of a threat to Cinthia than anything else.   It was no idle threat. 

Fourteen year old Cinthia was dressed in a buttonup dress, knee socks and
shoes.   I told her that her mom had said that she was to be given a sound
spanking.   She said she had heard.   I told her to come on to the bedroom,
and she followed along.   As I went to the closet to get my robe I told
Cinthia to get undressed and wait for me to come back. 

When I came back into the room from putting on the bathrobe, Cinthia was
naked and sitting on the corner of the bed.   I sat down and told her to
drape herself across my lap for the spanking. Cinthia moved over and lay down
across my lap with her head and chest resting on the bed and her legs draped
to the floor.   Her young round bare bottom was squarely situated over my
legs.   I started to rub her cheeks and told her that I was going to warm her
bottom good for the poor grades that she had on the report card.   She
replied that she understood.   I asked if she was ready and she said that she
was as ready as she could get for a spanking.   I raised my hand and brought
it down onto her left cheek. 

The resounding SMACK! vibrated through the room.   Cinthia squirmed as
her globe wiggled from the spank, and showed the faintest pink.   I
continued to spank her buttocks from top to bottom.   I alternated sides
and speed of my spanks so she could not tense up in anticipation. 

When I had delivered about twenty-five spanks to each of her cheeks I
stopped.  Cinthia was crying into the bedspread and her legs were kicking up
and down.  She had lost any sense of modesty.  I rubbed her now very pink
and warm bum to allow her to settle down.

When she had quieted to a sobbing state I told her that I was going to
continue.  Reaching down I spread her legs apart so I could spank her
thighs, and insure that I could get to the inner thigh area.  I noticed that
her dark pubes were damp already.  Cinthia re-adjusted herself into a more
comfortable position and spread her legs wider.

I began laying on my hand to her thighs and bottom.  I mixed up my spanking
so she would never know if I was going to spank her thigh or cheek.  I
spanked her inner thighs and worked my spanking as high up on them as I
could.  I could feel the wetness of her pubes when I spanked her upper
thighs.

Cinthia was moaning and would flex her muscles with each spank.  She was
rubbing her mound into my thigh by the time I had given her the thirty
spanks she had told me she deserved.

I rubbed and massaged her buns and thighs after the spanking, letting my
fingers trace down the crack in her bottom and brush her pubes.  She sighed
and moaned each time I got close to or touched her puffy lips.  I continued
to massage her for some time and finally told her she could roll over onto
the bed if she wanted.

Cinthia moved across and laid down on the bed very gently as her now pink
backside came in contact with the cool satin bedspread.  I stood and dropped
the robe and laid down beside her.  Cinthia and I had been exploring her
awakening sexuality for about three months now; ever since I had observed
her masturbating after a spanking I had given her at her apartment.  The
next week I had told Ruth when she called that I could not get away because
of a baking cake, but that she could send Cinthia down.  Since then I had
given most of the spankings at my apartment.

When Cinthia came down that week I told her I had seen her masturbating.
She was very embarassed to be found out.  I told her it was normal to
masturbate and that many people found a spanking exciting in a sexual way.
I assured her that I would not tell her mother and offered to answer any
questions she had or whatever.  She was giddy and started to ask a million
questions.  I answered them truthfully and explained that I must still spank
her when her mom said she needed it, but that she could masturbate here
afterwards without fear of being in trouble.

That evening she masturbated on the bed alone and then got dressed and came
out of the room.  She hugged me and told me thanks.  I said it was no
problem.  From that evening we have progress through me sitting beside her
while she masturbated; to her watching me masturbate; to us masturbating
together on the bed; to now when we mutually masturbate each other after a
spanking.

I gently rub her shoulders and play with her budding breasts.  Cinthia's
nipples are very large and sensitive, becoming like hard erasers at the
first caress.  I cup her breasts and roll the nipples between my fingers.
My hand flows down across her stomach to the to whisps of pubic hair on her
vulva.  I stroke up and down the outside of the wet swollen lips, tracing
the slit. Her outer lips open like a flower petal allowing me to gently
stroke the inner ones.  I press a finger into her and move it around.  Her
hymen is still intact and I never press my finger in more than the second
knuckle.  While I work my finger in and out of her tight pink puss my thumb
massages her swollen clit in circles.  She works up to a cum in just a few
minutes.

Cinthia is playing with me at the same time and slows down her actions when
she gets close to cumming.  After she does and cools down she starts back up
and fingers me until I have an orgasm.  We have kissed and sucked each
others' breasts and I have let her use a small vibrator on me.  She is
wanting to use it on herself, but I told her she should wait until she loses
her virginity.

I am just crazy about getting the chance to eat her, but I have restrained
myself.  Cinthia is hooked on spankings and has suggested to me that she
could come down for extra ones if I wanted.  I am going to give her a
special Christmas spanking, and finger her off at the same time I am
spanking her.
