                                  CITY SLAVE
                                  ==========
                              Author:  Anonymous


    He couldn't believe his eyes.  This was the hottest looking man Sean had
ever seen.  Sean hoped he wasn't being too obvious, but he couldn't help but
stare at the adonis who had stepped into the doorway of his office.  He had
jet black hair, blue eyes, square jaw -- a very handsome face.  His body was
also incredible.  He was about 6' tall, with sharp sculpted features.  Sean
scanned every inch of rock hard body -- the well defined chest, the rippled
abdomen, the contour of his perfect arms and the muscular curves of
his granite butt. His eyes fell at last the to sizable basket in his
semi-tight  501 blues.

    That hunk of man meat just stared for a moment, careful not to interrupt
the meeting between Sean, Andy and Rob.  At last he spoke in his rich, manly
voice, "Hello, I'm Eric the new programmer Mr. Ruzoe hired.  I'm supposed to
see Andy for system orientation."  Sean's heart sank when he realized that this
perfect man didn't have any business with him.  "Nice to meet you Eric, " said
Andy, "I think we're done here, so if you'll follow me to my office, we can
get started on your orientation."

    As soon as Andy and Eric left the office, Sean started probing Rob for
details, but Rob didn't know anything about the new programmer.

    The days passed.  Sean would occasionally run into Eric around the office,
always being friendly, and Eric would respond in kind, but never more that was
considered polite.

    It was about 10:00 pm on Friday.  Sean had been working late to finish up
some work so he could have the weekend free.  His heart jumped when he
stepped to the elevator waiting area and saw Eric standing there.  "Hello Sean,
you're working pretty late tonight."  "You too, Eric, I thought you would be
out getting a head start on your weekend."  "Nope, not too much planned for
this weekend," said Eric, "How about you?  Big plans?"  "I don't have anything
planned either, but I'm sure I'll find some way to pass the time."  Eric was
silent for a few moments, then he looked directly into Sean's eyes and said,
"What would you think about popping over my place for a bit.  We could grab
a couple beers, and see if we can come up with something to do."

    Sean was really surprised at that -- his fantasy man asking him to go home
with him.  Sean's lust showed in the reaction, and Eric, still staring directly
into his eyes, was sure to pick up on it.  "Great!  Sounds like fun.  A cold
beer would sure hit the spot right about now."  Sean hoped he didn't sound too
enthusiastic.

    Eric's place was the bottom level of a two family building.  On the way
in, Sean learned that Eric had inherited the building from his parents and the
top level was up for rent, but currently vacant.  The living room was large
enough, but sparsely furnished.  There was a leather couch and a couple of
uncomfortable looking wooden chairs with leather covered seat and arms.  "Sit
there," Eric said in a rather commanding tone, pointing to one of the wooden
chairs.  Sean sat down.  Eric disappeared for a few moments and returned with
a couple of cold beers.  He handed both to Sean, "Here, open these", he said
as he walked into the other room again.

    Eric came back into the room and sat down on the couch.  "Hand me one of
those cold ones", he said.  Sean got up handed Eric the beer and sat down
again.  Sean was feeling a bit awkward, and Eric wasn't going out of his way
to make him feel any more comfortable.  In fact, it seemed like Eric was
enjoying the tension on Sean's face.

    "RRRRRRRRRROOOPPPPHHHHHHH!"  Sean jumped a foot.  "What's that?", he said
when he regained some of his composure.  "It's my dog, Driller.  I keep him
down in the basement.  He doesn't bark too much, but when he does you know
it!"  They sat for a few more moments in silence.  Eric kept his gaze on Sean
while Sean was squirming in his seat.

    Eric broke the silence.  "So, was there something you wanted to ask me
Sean?  I notice you've been staring at me a lot in work, and was wondering
if there was something on your mind."  "N-n-n-no Eric.  I don't know what
you mean."  Sean was petrified.  Eric wanted him to sweat.  "Every time I
turn around your staring at me", he said, "and I want to know why."  Sean
was frozen, he couldn't answer.  Eric got up off the couch and walked around
the back of Sean's chair.  Sean couldn't move -- he continued to stare forward.
He felt Eric's breath at his ear.  He spoke in a whisper, his tone was mocking.
"Are you a little faggot-boy?"  Sean was still frozen.  He didn't know what
to do or say.  Eric grabbed a handfull of Sean's long brown hair, pulled his
head back roughly, and put his face close to Sean's -- staring deep into his
eyes.  "Answer me, faggot-boy.  Are you a man's bitch?  Faggot-boy."

    "I... uh.. no... uh.. please.."  Sean couldn't form a complete thought in
his dazed mind.  "You don't have to answer, faggot-boy, I can see for myself."
He released Sean's hair, moved in front of the chair and dropped his booted
foot roughly into Sean's crotch.  Sean was now aware of the hard-on that had
grown between his legs, and was trapped beneath Eric's dust covered, black
boot.  Eric removed his foot from Sean's crotch, grabbed him by the hair and
pulled him from the chair.  He dragged him, roughly, to the couch and pushed
Sean down into a kneeling position.  Sean was still dazed and didn't resist.
Eric sat on the couch, bending forward, and guided Sean's face down onto one
of his boots.  As his lips touched the dusty leather, Sean was finally able
to comprehend what was happening to him.  He managed to yank his head free of
Eric's grasp and pull it from the boot.

    Sean tried to move away from Eric, but Eric was too fast for him.  Eric
thrust his leg out as Sean was trying to stand, and toppled him over onto the
floor.  He lunged forward off the couch, and planted his boot square on the
middle of Sean's chest.  He put his weight on it and made Sean gasp
for air.  "Listen you fucker.  You have been begging for this since I first
walked into your office.  That bulge in your pants tells me what you want
faggot, and I'm going to make you take it.  You do EXACTLY what I say, or I'll
hurt you real bad.  Understand Fucker!"  Sean hesitated, Eric applied more
weight to his chest.  "Answer me faggot.  You understand?"  "Y-y-yes", he
gasped.  "Yes what, boy?"  Sean didn't answer, Eric reached down and slapped
him across the face.  "Yes what, you dumb asshole?"  "Yes Sir!"  Sean replied,
giving in to his fate.

    "Good fuckboy, now you can start by cleaning the road dirt off my boot."
Eric moved his boot from Sean's chest, and placed it directly on his face.
"Lick it with your faggot tongue.  Taste the dirt that I walk on boy.  Lick
it off the sole of my boot and eat it boy."  Slowly, Sean opened his mouth
and stuck out his tongue.  His tongue flattened against the bottom of his
Eric's boot.  He was licking the dirt off a man's boot... his master's boot.
"Lick it good, boy," Eric taunted, "I don't give too many people the privilege
of cleaning my boots with their tongue."

    Sean licked the bottom of his master's boot with long strokes.  He felt the
gritty dirt stick to his tongue, and he took the dirt from his master's boots
into his body.  After a couple minutes of this, Eric took his boot from his
new slave's mouth.  He reached down and pulled Sean up, awkwardly, to his feet.
Sean was putty in his master's hands.  Eric ripped Sean's shirt from his body,
tearing off all of the buttons.  He unbuckled Sean's belt and tore the front
of his pants open.  "Finish stripping", he ordered.  Sean obeyed without
hesitation.

    Eric sat back on the couch and put his booted feet out.  "Now, down on your
knees faggot boy, and finish cleaning this man's boots."  Sean answered with,
"Yes Sir", and went to work.  He started by running his tongue across the top
of one boot.  As his tongue flattened against the dusty leather, it made a
shiny trail where the dust stuck to his tongue and the leather came clean.
He cleaned the boot's toe by swirling his tongue around on the surface.  Then
he licked with long strokes aling the sides of the boot -- first the outside,
then the inside, paying careful attention to the instep by swirling his tongue
around in the depression.  Then he lay on his back, lifted the boot and slid
it over his face so he could clean the back with his tongue.  To finish, he
turned over and licked up the sides of the boot with long strokes.  Then Sean
gave the other boot the same treatment.  He felt humbled, yet excited at being
made to clean the dirt from this man's boots with his tongue.

    "Stand up.  Over here.  Bend over and show me that bitch ass", Eric
demanded.  Sean obeyed.  Eric began to slap Sean's butt.  His strokes got
harder as he began to hit with the back of his hand.  Sean jumped with each
hard stroke, then started to use his hands to block Eric's attach on his
reddening butt cheeks.  Eric lifted his leg and planted a boot firmly on
Sean's butt, pressing outward and throwing him forward onto the ground.
"You dare block my hand's you little shit", he screamed, "Maybe you need
a little discipline in keeping your hands where they belong!"

    Eric pulled Sean up by the hair, then got him in a headlock.  He
dragged Sean, stumbling, into the other room.  He unbolted a door and opened
it to expose a stairway into the basement.  He pushed Sean ahead of him, down
the stairway.  Sean descended into what looked like a medieval torture chamber.
Now he was really scared.  He tried to bolt past Eric and up the stairs, but
Eric caught him with a punch in the gut, and he doubled over in pain.

    Eric wrapped his fist in Sean's hair and forced him over to a thick, squat
wooden table.  He threw Sean down onto the table and slid him forward so that
his finger tips were inches away from the edge of the table, his legs hanging
halfway off the end.  The table had eight leather restraints firmly fastened
to it.  Eric locked the first two top-end restraints around Sean's wrists.
Another set of restraints were located a little over a foot down from the wrist
restraints.  These were locked around Sean's arms, just in front of the elbow.
Eric went to the foot of the table and slapped Sean's ass hard.  "Get your legs
up on there.  Kneel fuckboy."  Sean responded weakly, pulling his legs onto
the table so he was in a bent-over, kneeling position.  Another set of
restraints were located at the foot of the table, very near the end.  These
were locked around Sean's ankles, leaving his feet slightly hanging off the
table edge.  Another set of restraints was located about a foot and a half
up from the ankle restraints.  These were locked just below the knee.

    Eric stood back to admire his work.  Sean was now fastened securely to the
low wooden table.  He was in a kneeling position with his lower arms fastened
tightly to the front of the table, and his lower legs fastened to the other
end.  This forced his ass up and back, completely volnerable to his master's
whim.

    "Now lets see if you can learn to keep your hands in the proper place!"
Sean was sweating now.  He couldn't see what Eric was doing.  There was a
brief moment of silence and then...   WAACCCKKKKK!  He felt his ass burn with
fire.  WAAACCCKKKK!  Eric was really laying it into him with a broad, flat
leather strap.  WAAACCKKKK!  "Count it fucker", Eric ordered.   "Please Sir",
Sean begged.   WAAACCKKKK!   Harder this time.  "You can beg all you want, boy,
but you are getting 50 lashes, and they only count when you do!"   WACCKKKK!
"One", Sean wimpered.  "Thank me for them boy."   "Two Sir, Thank You Sir."
WACCKKKK!  "Three Sir, Thank You Sir."  ......

    When the count reached 50, Sean's ass was alive with sensation.  Eric took
pride in his work, and rubbed the glowing red butt-cheeks of his slave boy.
With each stroke and squeeze, Sean grimaced with pain from his sensative ass.
Eric moved to the head of the table.  He moved his face close to Sean's and
asked, "How does my little slave boy like his prize?"  Eric was speaking
in sensuous tones, breathing his hot breath in Sean's face.  Eric licked his
lips, and teasingly ran his tongue over his slave's lips.  Tears were streaked
down Sean's face.  He hated this man... yet, at the same time, he felt love
and respect for him.  "Aw, is my little slave boy crying?  Did your master hurt
you boy?  You have to learn to obey your master.  I know just how to take the
pain away from my little slave boy..."  With that, Eric went up the stairs.

    Eric returned shortly with a jar of peanut butter and a butter knife.  He
proceeded to fish a big glob of peanut butter out of the jar and began to cover
the exposed soles of Sean's feet with it.  After spreading a thick layer over
the bottoms of both feet, Eric packed it in between Sean's toes, then
on the front of the toes and then up the sides and around the heel of each
foot.

    Next, Eric went over to a door which opened into another area of the
basement.  Sean heard the excited movements of Eric's dog, Driller, as Eric
let him out into the room.  "Driller will make you forget all about your
hot butt, little fuckboy.   C'mon Driller, look what we have for you."  He led
Driller over to Sean's feet.  Sean felt the hot breath of the dog on his legs,
then he felt the long strokes of the dog's tongue on his feet.  Sean couldn't
hold back, as he was extremely ticklish, and began to beg histerically for
mercy.  "Please Sir," he said through torrents of laughter, "Please Sir, I'll
do anything Sir, Please stop.  Please!"  "I told you I would take your mind
off that burning butt, boy, Driller will stop after he's finished his treat."
The torture continued for some 10 minutes before Driller had his fill.

    "Look at the nice work Driller did cleaning your feet.  I think he deserves
a reward, don't you fuck boy?  I think we'll see what a real bitch you are...
a dogs bitch!"  First, Eric draped a leather sheet over Sean's back.  "Driller
gets a little wild sometimes when he's porking a bitch... I don't want him to
damage the merchandise."  Next, he took out a jar of clear-white jelly and
rubbed it around Sean's asshole.  "This will make you smell like a real hot
bitch-in-heat, just the way Driller likes it!"  Driller started to run around
in a frenzy.  Sean couldn't see what was going on... then he felt Driller up
on his back.  Something was tickling his asshole... then he felt pressure
and realized what was happening.  Eric was making him into a real bitch!  Eric
was mating him with his dog.  Sean began to struggle with all his might.  It
was no use.  The humiliation assaulted him in waves as he felt his asshole
being filled with dog-dick.  He felt that dog-dick 'drilling' his asshole,
expanding and filling him as he brought pleasure to the dog, through his
humiliation.  His asshole was on fire again, as he felt the scratchy hair of
Driller's hips ramming against his buns, and the dog cock filling him.  Driller
began to growl and dig his paws deep into the leather on Sean's back.  At last
Sean felt the final rabid thrusts as Driller filled his asshole with his cum.
Driller remained on top of him a short time, pulling at his dog cock as it
shrunk and finally popped out of Sean's ass.

    Eric was doing something behind him.  He couldn't tell exactly what.  Then
Eric came in front of Sean, holding a cup to Sean's lips. "Drink this", he said,
as he forced Sean's head back by a firstfull of hair, and poured a small amount
of some creamy substance down his throat.  "Lick the cup."  Sean obeyed,
running his tongue inside the small cup.  "Good boy.  You make Driller real
happy by drinking all of his cum."  Sean gagged and felt sick to his stomach.
He called Driller, and led him up onto the front of the table, sideways, by
Sean's head.  "Now clean his cock boy", he commanded to Sean.  Sean turned
away, "No!  I won't do that.  No!"  Eric calmly reached over on the table and
picked up a knife.  He placed the knife at Sean's nipple and said, "I'll skin
your body, starting by chopping off your nipples if you disobey me one more
time."  He emphasized by pressing the point into the flesh.  Sean screamed,
"Please Sir, I'll do anything.  Please Sir."  "Clean him", he commanded.  Sean
turned his head towards Driller, reached up under him and took his shriveled
cock into his mouth.  He cleaned the remaining dog cum and his own ass juices
from the dog with his tongue.

    "You'll do anything I want now, won't you boy?"  "Yes Sir", Sean said.
He didn't dare disobey Eric anymore.  "You know fuckboy, that beer we had is
really starting to strain my bladder.  I think it's time to start your toilet
training."  Sean immediately knew what Eric had in mind, even before Eric
unzipped his fly and pulled out his semi-hard dick.  "Open your urinal mouth
toilet slave, and drink your master's piss."  Sean was horrified at the idea
of taking another man's waste.. his piss.. into his own mouth and swallowing
it into his body.  He opened his mouth, and wrapped it gently around Eric's
man-meat.  There was nothing else he could do.  Eric was making him into a
human toilet.  How could this be happening?  Strangely, this man's cock felt
good in his mouth -- even natural.  He gently sucked it, like a baby calf
wanting its mother's milk.  Then he tasted it.  Salty, strong, pungent.
He was drinking piss from a man's cock.  He was drinking it into his gut.
Hours ago, he was admiring this good looking man in his professional work
environment, and now, here he was, bound, drinking piss from that man's cock.

    Piss was flowing so fast down his throat that he had trouble keeping up.
Some of it dribbled out, down the sides of his mouth, then down his chest.
"Drink it all", Eric said as he slapped Sean lightly on the cheek.  At last
the flow slowed and then stopped.  Eric withdrew his cock.  The taste of piss
lingered on Sean's tongue.

    Eric retrieved a cock-gag from somewhere behind Sean, fastened it securely
in Sean's mouth and left him alone in the basement.  Some hours passed, at
least it seemed like hours to Sean, before Eric returned.  "I just had a very
full dinner boy, and I think it's time for phase two of your toilet training."
Sean didn't even want to think about what was to come.  Eric unfastened him
from the table, and moved him to onto a large wooden platform which was raised
slightly off the floor.  This platform had restraints positioned in such
a way as to bind a person spread-eagle -- hands and ió¢mes stretched out to the
corners of the platform.  The platform had one larger restraint which buckled
over the forehead to hold it in place.  Another restraint was positioned so it
could be buckled around the neck.  Eric fastened Sean security in place, face
up.  He then removed all of his clothing.  This was the first time Sean saw his
master naked.  He was unbelievable!  Sean knew he loved this man and would do
anything that Eric wanted of him.

    Eric stood over Sean, looking into his eyes for a long moment.  Then he
moved his ass over Sean's face, and lowered it into place.  Sean saw his
masters hairy ass come closer and closer to his face.  He longed to stick his
tongue on his master's incredible asshole, and stroke it in long strokes with
his flat tongue.  He longed to stick his tongue up into that hole and bring
Eric pleasure.  Finally he felt the hair of Eric's asshole on his lips.  He
could smell the hot sexual aroma of this man, and that made his cock stand
at attention.  He reached out with his tongue and tasted his master from below.
He licked and stroked.  He wrapped his lips around the hole and gave it long
deep kisses.  He made love to his master's hole.  Then, suddenly his Eric
dropped the full pressure of his ass on Sean's face.  Sean's mouth was fully
open, and locked in that position by the weight of Eric's ass.  His lips
surrounded the hole, and his tongue continued to probe.  Then he felt
something strange at the tip of his tongue.  Eric shifted backward and pulled
his cock and balls out of the way so he could watch Sean's eyes.  Eric
relaxed his bowls and a long stiff turd began it's journey into the human
toilet below.  Sean felt the massive bulk from Eric's asshole filling his
mouth.  The turd pressed against his tongue, flattening it.  His mouth filled
with the strong taste of man-shit.  His nose was filled with the smell of shit
as he took his master's solid waste into his mouth, down his throat and into
his stomach.  Sean was forced to chew on the vile mess as it filled his mouth.
He gagged on the taste, but had to chew and swallow to get all of the turd
out of his mouth, and down into his gut.  Then he felt another, smaller turd
drop into his mouth.  "You're eating my shit, you human toilet, you're eating
your master's shit!"  He swallowed it whole.

    Finally it was done.  Sean was lost in a flurry of emotion.  He was
humiliated beyond belief, but, at the same time, he was excited and filled with
lust.  "Clean me", his master commanded, "use your tongue as toilet paper."
Sean reached up with his tongue and licked the remaining shit from Eric's
asshole.  When Eric was satisfied, he raised himself up off of his toilet
slave.  "You know, Driller hasn't taken a shit either tonight... and it's
raining out... what do you think I should do boy?"  Sean knew what his master
had in mind, "Please Sir, don't make me into a dog's toilet Sir.  Please,
I'll do anything, but don't make me do that Sir."  "You know slave, that idea
hadn't even crossed my mind.  But!  Since you brought it up, you must really
want to be Driller's toilet too."

    Eric walked out of sight for a few minutes.  He returned with Driller, and
with a special leather harness.  Sean watched as Eric fastened the harness to
Driller.  The harness had one long main strap which ran down Driller's back.
Two smaller straps fastened around the front and back part of the dog's body.
A collar was attached to the front end of the main strap which went around
Driller's neck.  Driller's tail went through a metal ring that was attached
to the back end of the main strap.  One the other side of the tail ring was
a short, wide two inch piece of leather that was attached to another collar.
Two side straps came down at an angle from the main harness strap and attached
on either side of this rear collar.

    Eric finished buckling Driller into the harness.  Then he led Driller over
to Sean, and backed the dog's ass over Sean's face.  "Raise your head and
throw it back", Eric said.  "Sit", he said to Driller.  Driller sat down
right on Sean's face.  Eric pulled the dog back into the proper position,
then buckled Sean into the rear collar on the dog's harness.  Sean was now
locked in the collar with his head stretched back, mouth open, pressed tightly
to Driller's asshole.  "Lick it", Eric said, while he fastened the front
collar of the dog's harness to a floor ring with a short chain.  Sean obeyed.
Sean was getting very little pleasure from licking this dog's hairy pulsing
asshole... but he did want to please his master, no matter how degrading it
felt to clean a dog's ass with his tongue.  Driller was fidgety, but he could
move very little in the harness, and he seemed somewhat used to the
predicament.

    Eric brought out a large bowl of food for Driller, and the dog sat happily,
on Sean's face, eating his dinner.   Eric left the room for about a half
hour.  When he returned, eh caught Sean taking a break from licking dog butt.
Eric kicked Sean lightly in the side, "Who said you could take a break, boy?
Driller should be just about ready to relieve himself now, and all he needs
is a little stimulating.  Reluctantly, Sean stuck his tongue out and pressed
it to the dog's asshole, moving it in long flat strokes.  It didn't take long
before Sean felt something moving out of Drillers asshole.  He opened his
mouth wide, and felt the lose runny mass flooding into his mouth and covering
his tongue.  "Yeah, eat my dog's shit toilet mouth, eat it", Eric taunted
as the dog's waste continued to fill his mouth.  Sean fought eagerly to take
the dogs turds down his throat so it wouldn't fill his mouth and choke him.
At last the dog was finished, and Sean instinctively reached up with his tongue
to lick the dog clean.

    "Well boy", Eric said as he unhooked the collar from Sean's neck.  "I think
it's time to put you away for the night."  Eric removed the harness from
Driller first, and put him in the other basement room.  Next he unfastened
Sean from the platform.  He grabbed Sean by the balls and led him over to
a 1 x 2 x 2-1/2 foot leather covered, wooden box.  He slid the top panel of
the box backward.  "Kneel and place your cock and balls through here", he
said as pointed to an indentation in the lip on the open side of the box.
Just inside the box, under the indentation was a small leather restraint
which Eric fastened around Sean's cock and balls.  Then Eric slid the lid of
the box shut.  His cock and balls were now firmly trapped inside the box.
"Now lie down over the box boy", he ordered.  The box had leather restraints
at each lower outside corner.  Sean's arms were fastened to one set, and his
legs to the other.   He was now security fastened over the leather box.

    "I have a little surprise for you to keep you excited all night long, you
cock loving faggot."  Sean heard Eric dragging something heavy up behind him.
Eric had this device specially made.  It was a simple device.  He found a
variable speed motor at a local appliance repair store.  This motor drove a
1/2 inch metal rod up and down.  The motor was mounted sideways on a thick
metal post which was held security to a heavy lead base.  Eric had mounted a
black leather dildoe to the motor's rod, thereby creating a variable speed
fuck machine.  He moved the fuck machine up behind Sean.  Sean felt the
pressure of the black leather dildoe at his asshole.  Eric slid the fuck
machines forward until the dildoe was about 4 inches inside Sean's asshole.
Eric switched on the machine.  "Yeah, ride that sucker fuckboy", he encouraged
as Sean was noticeably pressing back onto the leather fuckrod plunging into
his anus with a steady rhythm.  Eric wanted to see how much his boy could take
as he slowly increased the speed of the fuck machine.  The fuckrod was sending
incredible vibrations through Sean's entire body.  The friction was heating up
his asshole.  His mind raced over all he had been through with his master.
He had served as a dog's bitch, then as his master's toilet, and finally
as a dog's toilet.  Now he was being fucked by a huge leather fuckrod.  The
sensation was too much.  His balls were boiling.  WAMMM!  Incredible
vibrations swept over his body as the juice pumped from his cock.  Spasm
after spasm of electricity passed through his body.  Release at last!

    The orgasm over, he began to feel the pressure of the fuckrod which
still pummeled his asshole.  "Master", he cried, "Please stop it.  I can't
take the feeling anymore.  It's too much."  Eric turned the fuck machine
down to a slower pace.  "That's the price you pay for the privilege of
serving me boy.  I'll be back down in the morning when your hole is nice and
tender.  Then we'll talk about it..."
