                       CLARISSA BANGS 'EM ALL

                              CHAPTER 1

      Clarissa Darling walked through the door of her bedroom and 
tossed her books on the floor. She pulled the hairband out of her 
hair and let the lovely brownish blonde hair fall about her 
shoulders. 
      She was dying to take a shower. The warm May weather had 
her sweating. She pulled off her bright blue pullover and tossed it 
near her books. She looked at herself in the full length mirror next 
to her bed. She looked at her well rounded breasts as she removed 
her lacy white bra. 
      Her breasts were well tanned from a few sessions at the 
tanning salon. Her areolas were as red as strawberries and about 
as large. Her nipples, dark red, were at full attention from the 
removal of her bra.
      She unzipped her cutoffs and let them drop to the floor to 
expose her glorious bush (she wore no panties this time of the 
year.)
      The hair on her mound was the same golden brown color as 
the hair on her head. She turned slightly to get a view of her 
perfect ass. It was well rounded with a dimple on either side. She 
admired her body in the mirror. She ran her hands down her 
smooth body and began exploring the spot she "discovered" only 
months before. She ran her fingers through the soft downy hair 
that covered her sex. She slid her middle finger between her lips 
and down to her clit. She rubbed it in small circles and then 
plunged her finger into her glory hole. The rush was enough to 
weaken her knees. She slowed down the pace and began sliding 
her sticky finger in and out of her quim.
      She closed her eyes in ecstasy and lost her self in orgasmic 
thought. She never heard Sam's ladder clanging to her window. 
She was oblivious to him. At first Sam was shocked and was ready 
to head back down his ladder that he often used to access 
Clarissa's second story room.
      But he couldn't ignore the swelling in his shorts. He boldly 
walked over behind Clarissa and gently grabbed her by the 
shoulder. She didn't even flinch. So he got up his nerve and 
placed a kiss on the back of her neck. Then he slid his hands 
around to the front of her body and grabbed her breasts taking one 
in each hand and kneading them like bread dough. 
      He slid his right hand down her stomach and into the fur of 
her crotch. Her mound was hot. She finally realized she was not 
alone, but at this point didn't care. Sam slid his finger into her 
cunt and found himself wrestling with the two fingers she had 
jammed inside her tight box. They stroked in unison as her 
sixteen year old orgasm exploded in her body. Her knees went 
weak and she collapsed to the floor.
      She then turned around to face Sam and couldn't help but 
notice the bulge in his shorts. Without hesitation she yanked his 
shorts and underwear to his ankles. Sam was speechless.
      "I've never done this before," confessed Clarissa. "This is the 
first one I've seen."
      "That's okay, I'm cherry myself."
      Clarissa grabbed his dick by the root with her right hand as 
she fondled his balls with her left. She admired the throbbing 
member in her hand. It's veins running to the base and the large 
purple head. She stuck out her tongue and licked the tip. This sent 
a shiver through Sam. She then placed the head in her mouth and 
flicked it with her tongue repeatedly. Then she licked the 
underside to his balls, then back to the tip and shoved the first 
three inches into her mouth, followed quickly by the remaining 
five. She began sucking and licking as though she were devouring 
a lollipop. 
      Then Sam lost control and grabbed Clarissa by the back of the 
head and began ferociously fucking her face. Clarissa relaxed her 
throat muscles and accommodated the boner in her cute, young 
mouth. Her hands jerked his cock as he thrust harder and harder. 
Then Sam threw back his head and let loose. He coated her tonsils 
with his hot jizz. She kept sucking as it dribbled it's last few 
drops. Then she licked it clean and started licking the underside 
of his balls in an attempt to get him hard again. 
      "Fuck me Sam, Please now."
      She kept licking his balls, then scooted under him and started 
licking his asshole. She ran her tongue along his ass crack and 
darted it in and out of his rectum. His pubes tickled her nose as 
she lifted his balls and cock higher for better access.
      "Eat my ass then fuck me Sam. I want you to be my first."
      "Okay." (What else could he say?)
      Sam finished removing the rest of his clothing. He scampered 
over to the bed and sat on the edge. Clarissa walked over and 
stood in front of him. She giggled at the look on his face. They 
had been friends for years and never even kissed. His face was as 
brightly lit up as was hers. The sexual tension was thick in the air.
      He put his arms around her waist and pulled her close. He 
started lightly pecking her belly and pubic area, scraping his teeth 
on her pubic hair. She quickly turned around and shoved her ass 
in his face. He started kissing her right buttcheek, then her left 
and began alternating planting kisses all over her ass. Then he ran 
his tongue up and down her asscrack. He spread her dimpled 
asscheeks with his hands and started returning her oral favors. He 
licked around her puckered asshole. The tight pink hole kind of 
winked at him.
      Then, taking a breath he plunged his tongue into her tight 
asshole. Though he lacked experience, this all came almost 
second nature to him. He then began massaging her asshole with 
his right index finger as he licked her asscrack and ass region. 
      Clarissa felt a surge in her pussy and felt another orgasm 
coming on. The closest she had come to an experience like this 
before was when she got a little carried away with her 
masturbating and sunk her middle finger up her ass.
      As her climax mounted, Sam wriggled his finger up to the 
first joint into her now gaping asshole. He then reached around 
her waist and started frigging her clit with his free hand, causing 
her body to finally let loose with a crashing orgasm.
      Her knees started to weaken and she felt as though she was 
going to faint. So she stepped away from Sam to sit on the bed 
next to him. His finger popped out with a moist "plop" noise.
      Sam was already erect again. He stood as Clarissa picked up a 
pillow and propped it under her ass. Sam now had a great view of 
her firy red sexhole which was sopping wet with her feminine 
cum. He admired her saliva stained asshole, as if he were a master 
painter admiring his work.
      "Now fuck me Sam. Please." She was pleading in an almost 
childlike voice. She was so overcome with lust she could hardly 
say anything else.
      "I'm afraid of hurting you Clarissa," Sam said realizing the 
possible pain of her de-virgination.
      "Th-that's okay, I broke my hymen a few years ago while 
masturbating a little too hard. Now fuck me!!!" She was getting 
impatient now.
      Sam then lay on the bed beside her in an act of lust-filled 
blind obedience. He rolled over on top of her, falling into her now 
open arms. He kissed her hard on the mouth as he massaged his 
cockhead against her clit. She kissed him back as she braced her 
body for the impending penetration.
      Then, taking a deep breath, he shoved his cock in up to the 
head and started rocking a little and shoved a few more inches in. 
      Clarissa felt a surge of electricity as Sam's cock entered her 
box. Soon Sam was all the way in and started slowly pumping in 
and out. Her pussy was very tight and soaking wet.  
      Then, his hormones took over and he started pumping harder 
and harder. His balls slapped against her saliva stained ass. She 
let out a wince as she wasn't expecting the surge and she had 
never had anything this large in her before. The most she'd had 
before was three fingers (once before alone and earlier with Sam.) 
      He felt his balls tighten and started fucking Clarissa harder.
      Clarissa also braced for another orgasm. Sam then pulled out 
as he shot his load. His load coated Clarissa's entire belly and a 
few drops hit her tits. He then shoved three fingers into her red, 
swollen cunt so she could get off once again.
      Shortly, Clarissa bucked her hips upward and exploded, 
coating Sam's fingers with even more of her cunt honey. Sam then 
collapsed onto her ample chest in exhaustion.
      "God that was great," Clarissa said in a faint voice. She then 
kissed him on top of the head and drifted off to sleep, as did Sam.




                              Chapter 2 

      Clarissa awoke to a darkened room. She strained to see the 
clock. 7:45. She couldn't believe she had slept for so long. She 
looked around and noticed Sam was gone.
      "Oh God," she thought, "What have I done?"
      Her mind raced to the events of hours past. She was filled with 
half guilt and half with a tingle of pleasure. She crawled out of 
bed and walked gingerly into the bathroom. She was still a little 
sore from her first fuck. Sam's cum had dried onto her belly and 
now crusty and flaky. She giggled as she thought about the look 
on Sam's face as he shot his wad.
      She was thankful her parents were out of town, though, what 
if mom had walked in? Clarissa cringed at the thought. Or worse 
yet, what about Ferguson? Aaaarrgghh!!
      Clarissa turned the water on for her shower. She looked at her 
near perfect body in the mirror. She noticed her face was a little 
flushed (glowing?). She stepped into the shower and grabbed the 
soap. She started scrubbing her pubic area and slowly ran the bar 
of soap over her clit. The sensation got her aroused. 
      She took her free hand and started massaging around her 
pussy while soaping her clit. The combination was turning her on. 
      She parted her pussy lips with two fingers and started to shove 
the soapbar in.
      It was almost too big but she was getting hot. She got part of 
the corner in and began making circular motions with it. She kept 
rubbing her pussy lips, clit and her whole pubic area as she 
shoved the soapbar a little further in.  She felt that tingling 
sensation coming on. In a matter of minutes she had a crashing 
orgasm as she inserted her finger into her rectum.
      She then proceeded to wash the rest of her body and rinse off. 

                                  * * *

      She dressed in a pink button up shirt, light blue shorts and her 
favorite red leggings. She headed downstairs to get a bite to eat. 
On her way, she passed Ferguson's room. 
      She thought she heard moans coming from his room. 
      "He's probably jacking off," she giggled to herself.
      Then she moved closer to the door to hear better. 
      Then, she realized, it sounded more like crying.
      She knocked on the door, "Fergwad, what's wrong, are you 
okay?"
      She heard what she thought were muffled screams. 
      She threw open the door, now panicked. She couldn't believe 
what she saw. Ferguson was tied to his bed by ropes attached to 
both wrists and ankles. He was naked except for a blue towel 
around his waist, a blindfold covering his eyes and a bra shoved in 
his mouth as a gag.
      "My God what happened?" she asked removing the bra from 
Fergusons mouth.
      "W-well y-y-y-ou know that b-bitch Laura Fishington?" he 
stifled the tears, "Th-the ch-cheerleader? She t-t-ricked m-me." 
      As Clarissa leaned over to untie one of the ropes, Ferguson 
noticed she wasn't wearing a bra and could see down her shirt. He 
fought the urge to stare. After all, this was his sister.
      Being male, Ferguson couldn't help but to stare. Her boobs 
swayed side to side as she struggled to untie the rope. Her perfect 
nipples and perfectly tanned breasts were amazing to him. He felt 
the towel twitch as his cock started to harden. He couldn't believe 
his arousal. He had noticed over the last few years her 
development but had never known it was so spectacular.
      Clarissa looked at his face and noticed he was staring. She 
stood up straight and pulled the top of her shirt to her body. 
"Fuckin' perv. What the hell are you lookin' at?"
      "Sorry sis, but they look so nice I couldn't help it. I'm sorry."
      Clarissa felt a little uneasy but also a little complimented. 
Now, she noticed the growing bulge under the towel on around his 
waist. It continued to grow. 
      Suddenly, Clarissa felt a little mischievous, then realized, 
"God this is my brother..."
      But she was overcome with lust and started not to care 
anymore. She had to admit she was curious about her brother who 
was maturing in his own right. 
      "Hey Fergface," she teased "what's under the towel?"
      "Uh, nothin' sis. Now get me untied, this isn't funny 
anymore."
      "No, you looked at my tits, I'm gonna see what you got."
      She removed the towel. She gasped in amazement at the sight. 
How could Laura have missed this? Ferguson's cock must've been 
about eight inches long and was still growing.  She couldn't figure 
how Sam who was three years older than Ferguson was about two 
inches smaller. Ferguson's cock was skinny but long. He had a 
little tuft of red pubic hair above his hard cock and a little 
covering his wrinkled ballsac.
      She wanted that cock and didn't care if it belonged to her 
brother. "Sorry about this Ferg, but I'm so hot I can't help myself," 
she said as she grabbed his cock.
      Ferg was both excited and confused. He threw back his head 
as Clarissa stroked his dick. Her fingers were loose around it, and 
she would squeeze ever so gently as she stroked.
      Then she stopped. Ferguson opened his eyes and looked at her 
in shock.
      "I can't do this, Ferguson, as much as I like it, it just wouldn't 
be right."
      "But, you started it, you gotta finish it. I mean I respect you sis 
and love you dearly even though I tease you, but sis, c'mon. At 
least jerk me off. Anyways, if it feels so good, how could it 
possibly be wrong?" He couldn't believe he was trying to get his 
sister to do something even his girlfriend wouldn't do (Or Laura 
Fishington).
      "Uh, you didn't let me finish," Clarissa lied, "I was going to 
say it wouldn't be right for you to be naked and me to be dressed."
      She started unbuttoning her blouse. She teased Ferguson by 
flashing a little tit then covering herself and undoing another 
button. Finally, she took the blouse off and Ferguson's eyes got 
wide. he couldn't get over her great tits. His eyes went from her 
shapely neck to her stiffening nipples then down to her flat, 
tanned stomach and to her inny belly button. Clarissa turned her 
back to him and slowly started to lower her shorts. She flashed her 
asscrack then pulled them back up. Then yanked them down to 
below her anal cleft. She bent over as she slid them the rest of the 
way down her slender legs, leaving on her red leggings. He could 
see her dimples clearly as she kicked her shorts off. Then she 
turned around and covered her bush with her hands.
      Ferguson looked a little confused.
      "Beg me, Fergie, or you can't see it."
      Ferguson couldn't believe it, his sister had just put on a little 
strip show for him and now wanted him to beg for a look. "Okay, 
sis. Can I please see it?"
      "Say the word or no way."
      "Okay, can I please see your p-p-," he struggled to say it but 
this wasn't the way he talked. "... pussy."
      "Why of course," Clarissa said, "thank you for asking."
      She removed her hands to reveal her bush. The silky 
brownish-blonde hair covering her lips was incredibly arousing to 
Ferguson. He had seen it in magazines but never in real life, only 
mere feet from his face. He could smell the fresh smell of soap. 
Clarissa threw her hands in the air.
      "Tada, what d'ya think, bro?"
      "G-great."
      She walked over to the bed. She again took his penis into her 
hands. It was warm and she liked the feel of the veins and the 
solidness. She slowly began to stroke it and blew hot air onto it. A 
shiver went up Ferguson's spine. 
      She darted her tongue out and licked the tip, tasting a little 
pre-cum that she hadn't noticed on Sam.
      She sat down on the edge of the bed facing his feet. She 
swung her hips up around to his face and straddled his face. She 
moved her ass back and pushed her pussy into Ferguson's face. He 
could smell the fresh soapy smell. His nose brushed her asshole. 
Instinctively, he jabbed his tongue into her cunt. He licked like a 
little boy licking an ice cream come. 
      He was a little sloppy but Clarissa wasn't going to complain. 
She stared intently at his hard on and started licking the head of 
his cock. Then shoved his cock into her mouth and started 
masturbating him with her right hand.
      She kept her head steady and just pulled and jerked his cock 
into her mouth. 
      On the other end of the brother-sister sixty nine Ferguson had 
inserted a finger into Clarissa's asshole and was trying to improve 
his licking technique. 
      Clarissa moved forward to take his shaft deep into her mouth. 
As he tried to lean forward the ropes attached to his wrists began 
cutting into his flesh. The pain was excrutiating but also 
somewhat exciting.
      "Please," he managed to say with his face buried in cuntjuice, 
"untie me."
      She looked back at him, "No way, not yet." Then went back to 
work on her oral copulation. Ferguson felt his balls tighten. He 
tried to tell Clarissa he was going to come, but couldn't get the 
words out in time.
      He shot his wad and filled her mouth, but to his suprise she 
kept sliding her mouth up and down his cock. It was starting to 
tickle now.
      The strain of the ropes was now burning as he lurched 
forward to try to stop her. 
      His dick finally slowed to a dribble. A little spilled out of the 
corners of her mouth as she raised her head. Undaunted, she 
licked the rest off his now sagging pole. 
      "Now make me come, or you're not getting up for awhile."
      With that, Clarissa swung around and sat on his chest facing 
him. She smiled as she saw the sweat brimming on his forehead. 
She gently wiped off the sweat.
      She moved up and plopped her pussy on top of his face, 
catching him off guard. 
      She pried her pussy open with both hands and lowered herself 
further onto his face.
      He could smell her pussy juice which was quickly covering up 
the odor of the soap. Ferguson could hardly breathe, as her pussy 
covered both nose and mouth. He adjusted a little to get his nose 
free so he could breathe.
      He started licking ferociously. The harder he licked, the 
harder Clarissa slammed her cunt into his face, coating with her 
sweet nectar. Ferguson feasted on her snatch like a baby nursing 
on a bottle of juice. Ah, but this juice was better.
      Clarissa felt the buildup in her loins and knew the moment 
was near. She ground into Ferguson's face so hard he thought she 
might break his nose. As she neared the moment of truth, she 
pulled his face up to her and leaned back a little. A rush of cool 
air hit her pussy causing goose bumps. The strain caused the ropes 
to dig further into Ferguson's wrists causing welts. He didn't 
care... he knew his mission. 
      Clarissa let out a howl as she creamed Ferguson's face. The 
force caused her whole body to shake. She collapsed off to the 
side. She moved her body down so she was laying on top of him. 
Their hot bodies meshed. He could feel her heart beating in her 
chest. 
      She leaned forward and kissed Ferguson hard on the lips and 
stuck her tongue in his mouth.
      "Now, it's your turn to take over and make me your slave 
Fergface."
      She finished untying him and went down the hall to get a 
glass of water. 
      When she returned Ferguson was standing beside the bed. She 
gulped some water and stepped toward him.
      "Well what do you want?" she queried, actually a little 
worried now. Even though she had just gave him a blow job, her 
mind raced to all the mean things she had done. The evil grin on 
his face scared her a little, but figured she had to keep her word.
      "Well sis, first come and sit on the bed." 
      She did as instructed. She sat on the edge of the bed. She 
noticed Ferguson's long, skinny dick stiffening back to life. 
      Ferguson walked over to her and grabbed her right tit in his 
hot hand. He gently caressed and kneaded it, then the same with 
the other. He leaned down and kissed her hard on the mouth.
      His dick was now at full strength. He reached down and 
grabbed his dick and guided 
it between her tits. Due to his shortness he didn't even have to 
lean much to get it there. He grabbed both breasts and surrounded 
his cock with them. He slid it up and down. 
      "Now, you hold them, Clarissa."
      Clarissa grabbed her breasts and squeezed his dick with them. 
She rubbed them up and down his shaft as he pumped his cock in 
between. The softness and warmth of her tits caused his balls to 
stiffen. He pulled back, he wasn't ready to come yet.
      "Now, roll over and lay on your stomach on the bed."
      Upon Clarissa rolling over, Ferguson Quickly tied her right 
ankle to the bedpost. Then, he maneuvered around to tie her other 
ankle. He cinched it tight to cause her legs to pull further apart.  
      She reached back to say something but he snapped "Look 
forward" and landed a firm right hand on her ass, leaving a red 
handprint. She quickly obliged. 
      The stinging on her spanked ass actually was a bit 
stimulating. 
      Ferguson quickly moved to the head of the bed to tie her 
wrists. Now she was completely helpless. Ferguson walked around 
the bed admiring her ass. God it looked so good. He leaned over 
and placed a small kiss on her right asscheek. He then straddled 
her back and began massaging her shoulders.
      "Don't worry sis, this won't hurt much..." He quickly slid 
down her body so his dick was wedged between her buttcheeks. 
He kissed the back of her neck.  Then reached down, grabbed his 
dick and perched it against her clit. 
      "I'm new at this, so bear with me."
      He slid his cock slowly into her pussy. Soon it was in about 
3/4 of the way. The warmth of his sister's cunt was heaven to his 
cock. He could feel the smoothness of her pussy walls. He slid his 
cock the rest of the way in and started slowly pumping. Clarissa 
clinched her asscheeks closed then open then closed and started a 
little rhythm.
      The sensation was incredible. Ferguson pulled his dick out 
because he wasn't ready to come just yet.
      Clarissa buried her face into the pillow. Then her head was 
lifted and a blindfold was placed over her eyes and tied behind her 
head. She was excited and a little scared at the same time. She felt 
something wet on her ass and it felt like...oh God! Ferguson was 
lubricating her asshole. This must've been what he had been 
talking about. Then she felt something she didn't understand. It 
felt like... another set of hands massaging her ass as Ferguson 
slicked up her bunghole. She thought she felt...long fingernails? 
      She then heard a stifled giggle that sounded very feminine. 
Could it be? 
      Then she heard the voice, "Hiya Clarissa, nice ass." It was 
Laura Fishington.
      Ferguson then giggled, "Gotcha sis."
      Clarissa was intrigued rather than shocked. She had seen 
Laura at a football game at the high school. Laura was the head 
cheerleader. She had long, brown hair that flowed to the small of 
her back. She sported a pair of 40 DD's. Her eyes were almond 
shape and dark brown in color. Her features were delicate and her 
complexion was that of an Indian princess. Almost Pocahontas-
like.
      She felt a tongue running up her spine. Ferguson or Laura? 
Clarissa wasn't sure but the surge in her loins made her not really 
care. "This is a dream come true" came the whisper. It was Laura. 
Clarissa wasn't ready for what happened next...
      Ferguson shoved his cock in her ass. The combination of 
shock, pain and ecstasy was enough to send Clarissa over the edge 
with an earthshattering orgasm. 
      Ferguson slowed his pace. He pumped in and out, in and out. 
His dick was being pinched by his sister's tight asshole but he 
loved it. It wasn't as smooth an interior as her other tunnel of love.
      Laura spoke, "Clarissa, I'm going to untie your right hand so 
you can turn a little, but I'm keeping the blindfold on."
      "Okay" Clarissa squeaked out.
      Her wrist was untied and she turned to the right. She felt a 
firm hand on the back of her head and felt the weight of Laura's 
body on the bed. 
      Laura swung a leg over Clarissa's head and shoved her shaved 
pussy in Clarissa's face.
      Clarissa stuck out her tongue and was surprised that Laura's 
bald pussy was hot. Clarissa shoved her tongue into the hot 
opening of Laura's glory hole. She noted a slightly sweaty/salty 
taste. She instantly liked it. She Licked blindly, tonguing Laura's 
clit, inside her pussy and the surrounding area. Her sloppy 
technique quickly turned into a rhythm. 
      Laura threw her head back as Clarissa hit all the right spots. 
She grabbed Clarissa's head and began to grind it into her face 
splattering it with juice. 
      Ferguson felt his balls tighten as he picked up the pace. His 
balls slapped against Clarissa's clit. 
      Clarissa felt her body go numb in passion. 
      The beauty she was tonguing let loose with an orgasm. 
Clarissa kept slurping up every drop of her first lesbian induced 
cum. Ferguson shot his wad deep into Clarissa asshole causing 
her to shudder and buck. Her quivering body continued to shake 
even after the crashing orgasm. Ferguson collapsed to the side of 
Clarissa and kissed her on the neck. Laura moved down and 
started licking Clarissa's asscheeks and legs. She quickly darted 
down and shoved her tongue deep into Clarissa cunt. She then 
smacked Clarissa on the ass. The instant pain sent a sensation to 
her cunt. Then came another spanking.
      Her ass was now the same color as her now-soaked leggings.
      Clarissa screamed "God, I don't think I can take another 
orgasm, I'll never be able to wake up from the deep sleep I'll fall 
into."
      Laura stopped and laid on the other side of Clarissa and kissed 
her hard on the mouth. Clarissa kissed back and could taste her 
own pussy on Laura's tongue as she frenched her.
      "Thank you" Laura murmured.
      Ferguson got up and untied his sister then laid back down 
beside her. Laura removed the blindfold. 
      Ferguson and Laura kissed Clarissa on each cheek, then 
everyone fell asleep. All three arm in arm.




                              Chapter Three

	Clarissa walked home from school, it had been days since her 
tryst with Ferguson and Laura. The thoughts were still fresh in 
her mind and the burns from the ropes were all but gone. 
      Even the mere thought of those events caused her to get hot. 
She fell in love with masturbation a few years ago, but actual 
sexual contact was so exciting to her that that's all she thought 
about. Whenever she was in class or even talking to friends at 
school she couldn't help but think about them naked. Even her 
female friends. She had always championed gay rights but never 
thought of having sex with another girl...until that night with 
Laura.
      Passing the construction site on the way home, Clarissa 
received the usual whistles and hoots. This time she didn't really 
mind. She decided to have a little fun. She was dressed 
in a flimsy yellow blouse, a red vest, her favorite red leggings 
(washed since her menage-a-trois), her blue cutoffs and her 
favorite green Doc Martin's. She knew she looked hot, especially 
with her hair up in two pigtails. 
      One of the crane operators yelled, "Hey, baby, what's up?"
      She unbuttoned her top four buttons of her blouse and her vest 
and flashed her right tit at him. Her nipple stiffened to the slight 
breeze. 
      He almost fell out of the crane. The sight of this teen goddess 
had a few jaws dropping, and brought several more whistles.
      Then she twirled her pigtails to keep up the flirt. She walked 
toward the construction site, and got a better look at the crane 
operator. 
      She almost lost her breath when she got a better look at this 
Adonis. He was about 6' 2" (almost a foot taller than Clarissa), 
had dark curly hair that hung out of his orange hardhat almost to 
his waist, and a set of dark blue eyes that made Clarissa's heart 
and loins spring to life.
      She also saw a few other men that made her want to become 
the slut she was on the way to being. She walked over to beside 
the crane and looked up at her new crush. "Hey, sexy," she said 
gazing upward, wanna have a good time?"
      He looked shocked at her forwardness. All he could do was 
nod in the affirmative. She motioned him down with her finger. 
He blindly obeyed. This started the whoops and whistles again. 
She whispered "Bring them too." and motioned at a few of the 
other guys.
      One guy stepped forward, a tall, skinny, somewhat geeky kid.
      The crane operator, Bob, took her hand, "Where to little 
lady?"
      "Where do you want it?" She was in a kidcrush afterglow. 
      He extended his hand, which she took, and led her toward the 
almost finished building. When inside, she looked around. There 
were several sawhorses and piles of sawdust strewn about. She 
almost had second thoughts. After all, she had five guys following 
her and the rejected studs following for a peak. 
      Once in the middle of the barren room, Bob planted a kiss on 
her mouth. She kissed back. As he removed his shirt, she scoped 
his body. It was a mass of finely crafted muscle. Barely an once of 
fat covered his near perfect chest and stomach. She dropped down 
and started tonguing his half-dollar sized nipples. First she 
swirled her tongue around his right nipple, then switched over to 
his left and back. She saw two of the other guys go around behind 
her. One of the guys, Ted, started unbuttoning her shirt from 
behind to free her bra covered breasts. The third guy, Don, helped 
her out of her blouse and vest as she kept sucking Bob's nipples. 
She stood back and started to unzip her cutoffs.
      "Oh, my boots." With that barely out of her mouth, the fourth 
and fifth guys, Jeb and Ray, lifted her off of the floor. Jeb held her 
by the waist and Ray by the knees. They turned her onto her back 
so she was at a ninety degree angle on her back, in mid-air. Don 
and Ted unlaced her boots and removed them. Then off came her 
socks. Then off came her red leggings. Bob removed her cutoffs. 
She was now naked except for her red leggings and her lacy, 
white bra. That was soon removed by Bob. Her breasts flattened 
out as she leaned back. 
      The men repositioned themselves so that Jeb and Ray had her 
by the arms and offered back support. Ted and Don held her legs, 
holding them wide apart so that everyone could now see her 
honeyhole. Bob blocked the show by repositioning his head 
between her legs. The other men lifted her a little higher to offer 
him better access with having to bend over too far. 
      Clarissa Let out a moan of delight as Bob started licking her 
inner thighs. Then he stuck his long, pointed tongue into her cunt, 
gently running it in and out and up and down her inner and outer 
folds. He was a skilled cunniliguist. He swirled his tongue to get 
the full flavor of her leaking loins. The salty taste appealed to him 
egging, him on and making him tongue a little faster. Clarissa 
threw back her head and closed her eyes. "Ahhhhh!!" she moaned 
as her gentle lover sent her into a dizzying ecstasy. Her ears 
ignored the cheers of the onlookers. 
      By now Jeb and Ray each had a nipple in their mouths. The 
two tongues ran in synchronization across her nipples. Jeb was a 
little smoother and his mouth was a little bigger, so he was able to 
get a little more of her tit in his mouth. 
      Bob was now slurping away with slurping noises coming out 
his mouth. He put his hands up and spread her legs a little further 
apart to get his tongue in deeper. Ted decided he didn't want to 
miss on the oral delights he was witness to. So, he took her big toe 
into his mouth. Clarissa giggled a little at the tickling situation. 
Her big toe was now fully covered by Ted's mouth. His tongue 
flicked at the underside of her foot as he sucked her toe.
      Bob's intensity increased, sending Clarissa into her first 
orgasm since the Ferguson/Laura incident. Her teencum flooded 
Bob's suckling mouth. He slurped it like a thirsty dog at his bowl 
on a hot day. Jeb and Ray kept their oral hold on her now fully 
erect and excited nipples. Ted lifted her left leg, so she was doing 
a midair, inverted legkick. 
      Then Ted started licking the underside of her leg from her 
ankle down ever so slowly and gently to her thigh just under her 
buttcheek. Then he moved Bob over a little (who was still feeding 
at her cunt.) Bob licked her right lip as Ted licked her left cuntlip.
      Clarissa dropped her leg over Ted's shoulder so it wouldn't 
cramp. Ted worked his way down to her rosebud and shoved his 
tongue in. He had to duck a little so he wouldn't bang heads with 
Bob.
      Bob moved back up to her clit and bit it gently as Ted 
continued his analiguis. His tongue caught the bitter taste of her 
asshole. He started licking her asscheek and the crack between, 
then shoved his tongue back into her bunghole as Bob reinserted 
his tongue into her snatch. Their tongues swirled in unison. 
Clarissa started to get light-headed and was on the brink of 
cumming again. 
      Then Bob stepped back and started to unbutton his fly. 
Clarissa opened her eyes and raised her head to look at the cock 
that was ready to push her into her second (and third?) orgasm. It 
almost looked like an optical illusion. It must have been ten 
inches long and four inches around. The men holding her lowered 
her a little for easier access for Bob.
      She worried if Bob would be able to get that thing into her 
without ripping her apart.
      Bob walked forward and slowly rubbed the tip against the 
opening of her love canal. She held her breath as he pushed the 
head through her tight opening. Her pussy gushed with the 
pressure of his massive cock against her inner pussy walls. He 
stepped a little closer, sliding his rigid pole in a little further. 
      After a little adjustment, his cock was in her all the way. 
Clarissa groaned in a combination of pain and pleasure from this 
huge intruder. She threw her head back. Bob placed his hands 
under her near the small of her back to hold her. The other four 
guys rotated. Jeb unzipped his fly with one hand as he held her 
arm with the other. He whipped out his manhood and grabbed her 
head. He turned her head so she was staring at his cock. It was 
long and fat, but not quite as big as Bob's.
      Clarissa opened her mouth to accept his ever-growing cock. 
He shoved it in gently and started a series of small thrusts. His 
cock filled her mouth quite well. In her position she was a little 
limited in her technique. She moved her head back and forth. 
      Bob picked up his pace which sent that burning surge to her 
cunt. Clarissa gushed again. The orgasm sent her body into little 
spasms which forced everyone to get a little better hold.  Despite 
the minor shift Clarissa kept a firm oral grip on Jeb. Her right 
hand dropped down and reached for Ted's growing bulge. She 
worked his zipper down and reached inside his fly to fish around 
for his balls. She reached inside the waistband of his underwear 
and found her treasure staff. She jerked his cock gently to and fro. 
It grew with each stroke. It was hot in her hand. She would 
squeeze every other stroke.
      Bob felt the buildup in his balls as he began thrusting in and 
out of her soaking wet pussy. His balls slapped against her 
pussycum stained asscheeks. He pulled out and shot a load on her 
belly. The wad coated her pubic hair and belly button. A few 
drops rolled off and spattered onto the floor. This filled the room 
with cheers from the onlookers.
      "Let's move her over there." Bob commanded, pointing to a 
table. Clarissa let go of her grip on Ted and Jeb's cocks.
      She was placed gently on the table. Her head hung a little over 
the edge. Jeb, whose cock was still exposed and as hard as ever 
maneuvered his cock by her face and slid it back and forth across 
her lips. Clarissa's tongue darted out and would moisten the thick 
tube as Jeb slid it across her lips. Jeb started sliding it back and 
forth faster and faster. 
      He felt it getting ready to explode. He pulled back a little. 
Clarissa opened her mouth as wide as she could. Jeb grabbed his 
cock by the root and started jerking it. His body twitched and he 
shot his load. He slowly jerked it above her mouth and let the cum 
drip into her open mouth. She moved her tongue back and forth in 
a licking motion so she wouldn't miss a drop. When his dick 
slowed to a dribble he bent it downward and Clarissa nursed the 
last few drops of cum into her mouth. Then she licked the rest of 
his cock clean. 
      By this time, all the others were naked and ready to go. Ray 
jumped up on the table and moved Clarissa to the side. He 
prompted her to raise up a little so her could get under her. She 
raised up and he moved under. She hovered over his belly and 
spun around in a sixty nine position. She grabbed his burning 
cock firmly and started jerking it. She was so 
turned on she didn't quite realize how hard she was tugging. 
      Ted didn't really mind, though, he just shoved his face up by 
her cunt and started to work. Bob's cum, which was still a little 
wet on Clarissa's belly, squished on Ted's belly. He stuck his 
tongue deep into Clarissa's hot cunt. He brought his hands up and 
spread her asscheeks apart and stuck a middle finger in her 
asshole. 
      She put Ted's cock into her wet mouth and started slurping. 
She would move her mouth down about half way then slide back 
up and nibble the sensitive head, then flick it with her tongue. She 
slowed her jerking speed down and started fondling Ted's balls. 
She ran her finger down the smooth underside and made small, 
circular motions. She brought her finger to her mouth and took 
Ted's cock out long enough to moisten her finger, then, went right 
back to sucking his huge boner. She ran her now wet finger down 
to the underside of his balls and started worming it in and out of 
his asshole. Ted flinched at the immediate pressure on his 
prostate. As soon as Clarissa got a rhythm, he relaxed. 
      He had to move his head out of the way as another hard cock 
headed straight for Clarissa’s s snatch. It was Ray. Ted moved his 
head and body to the side a little, so Ray wouldn't smack him with 
his balls. Ray was standing on a box so his long, skinny dick 
could reach the lovely teen's cunt. He buried his cock to the root 
on his first thrust. Clarissa let out a groan.
      "Ahhhhh, God. Yessssss!!!" she moaned, taking Ted's cock 
out long enough to catch her breath. She kept a steady stroke on 
his cock. Now Don was standing in front of her.  "Oh, God" she 
thought to herself, "I don't know about two at the same time."
      Don, who was taller than Ray just shoved his cock in her 
resting mouth. She pulled back a little and then started licking his 
cock while holding it with one hand and continued
to jerk Ted's cock. She lowered her mouth a little and eased Ted's 
cock into her mouth.
      She now had two cocks in her mouth. (Not all the way, her 
mouth wasn't that big.)
      Ted's cock was stacked underneath Don's cock in Clarissa's 
mouth-- she would alternate between pulling Ted's cock out to lick 
Don's cock, vice versa, and putting both in and shoving them in as 
far as they would go. She gagged one time as Don got a little 
excited.
      The cheers in the room grew to almost deafening. Her cries of 
pleasure were muted by the sounds (and the 
thrusting/sucking/licking of two cocks).
      Ray, kept up his thrusts and was getting ready to cum. She 
spit the other two cocks out to turn and say "Tell me when you're 
ready to cum, maybe, I'll swallow all three, that is if you all can do 
this together." The heads nodded positively in unison. Ray felt the 
continuing rise in his balls and jumped off his box to run around 
to the front with box in tow.
      He shoved his cock towards Clarissa's face while climbing the 
box. She let go of the other two cocks. She grabbed Ray's cock and 
started jerking and sucking. She felt Ray's balls tighten in her 
little hands. He shot a load that almost choked her. Being the 
trooper she was she accommodated his fluid the best she could. 
Several drops dibbled out of her mouth and onto the legs of Ted. 
After cleaning off Ray's cum/saliva covered cock, she bent her 
head down to Ted's cock and grabbed Don's again and started 
jerking it. He had softened a bit, but she was going to change that. 
      She ran her tongue down Ted's cock with one slow lick, then 
back to the top. She mouthed his cock and nibbled a little as she 
slurped it. Ted started pumping his cock into
her mouth. Clarissa scraped her teeth across the top of Ted's cock 
and the friction was enough to send a torrent of cum into her hot, 
young mouth. About half dribbled out because her jaws were 
starting to ache. She was a trooper about it and licked it clean.
      Don's cock was back to performance level. Clarissa swerved 
around, knocking Ted off the table to flash her cunt at Don. Don 
climbed onto the table and buried his cock into her cunt. Clarissa 
took command (which brought cheers) and flipped the big, long-
haired construction worker over so she was sitting on top of him 
with his dick buried in her pussy. She slowly rose up and down 
clenching her cunt muscles around his massive cock. She picked 
up the pace and started to move her hips in circular motions.
      She leaned forward and let her pigtails brush against his hairy 
chest. She ran her fingers through his chest hair and continued 
her wild ride. 
      "Ugggghhhh!!!!! Yessssss!!!" she squealed as she impaled 
herself on Don's pole.
      She leaned back a bit and reached behind her. She grabbed 
Don's balls and started to gently squeeze them as she slowed down 
again. She was starting to wear a bit, but she was so near her next 
orgasm, she got selfish and kicked it in a little. She reached 
around the front and started to frig her clit ferociously as she 
neared the swell of heat from her impending orgasm. 
      Don then swung his legs around so they were dangling off the 
table. He was sitting up, facing Clarissa, while sitting on the edge 
of the table. He hopped off and stood on the floor with Clarissa 
sitting on his upturned dick. They fucked as he carried her 
towards a pile of carpet padding. He laid her on the pile, but as he 
did, his dick popped out.  With one thrust, he was back in her 
soaked pussy. That alone sent Clarissa spasming into another 
orgasm.
      Don kept pumping away. His balls started to fill and he could 
feel the cum building in his balls and start to surge through his 
vas deferans tube. At that point he pulled out and shot a huge load 
on her young, beautiful tits.  As she got up to get dressed she 
realized Jeb was hard again and heading toward her, dick in hand.
      Being a good sport, Clarissa laid back and motioned him over. 
He shook his head, "I want on the bottom." She stood up as he lay 
on the pile of padding. She lowered herself onto his prick. She 
looked him straight in the eye, "Hang on stud, I'm gonna fuck 
your brains out!" (More crowd cheers)
      She leaned forward and rubbed her breasts against his chest. 
She loved the feel of his smooth chest against her sweaty breasts. 
She grabbed him by the back of the head and got a handful of his 
long, blonde curly locks. She barely noticed Ray who was behind 
her aiming his dick at her dimpled ass. He grabbed her buttcheeks 
and spread them apart, catching her by suprise. Bob produced a 
jar of Vaseline from his toolbox. Clarissa looked back at the two 
as Bob dug his fingers into the jar of jelly. She slowed her strokes 
down as he stuck his finger in her tight asshole and lubed it inside 
and out. Bob stepped out of the way as Ray got back on his knees 
and shoved the tip of his cock into the opening of her asshole. He 
could feel Jeb's cock through her rectal wall. He slid in a little 
further. He didn't want to hurt her. After all, she had been more 
than generous.
      He slid it in about five inches figuring that's as far as he could 
comfortably. He started slow withdrawing and entering motions. 
The feel of the two cocks sent Clarissa into orgasmic delight. Jeb 
gave a moan and announced his orgasm. Clarissa jumped off, still 
holding Ray's cock between her asscheeks. Jeb shot his wad all 
over her stomach. Most of it dribbled back onto his stomach. 
Clarissa started to flex her buttcheeks and started pushing back 
against Ray's body. His balls smacked against her clit.
      Clarissa opened her eyes to see Bob's large cock staring her in 
the face. She sighed a little and wondered how the hell she would 
get that monster in her mouth, which was aching. She stuck her 
tongue out and licked it slowly, then brought her hands up and 
grabbed his cock with both her hands, which looked small in 
comparison to his manhood. 
      She got about half of it in and relaxed a little, letting her 
tongue swirl around it and flick the peehole like a snake. She 
reached down to fondle his balls and looked up at him. 
      Bob looked down into Clarissa's eyes. Her beautiful blue eyes 
were gazing up at him like a lovesick puppy as she sucked his 
cock. The sight of this alone built up the cum in his balls. He 
grabbed a pigtail in each hand and slowly moved her head back 
and forth along his shaft. He sped up as he felt the rush of cum 
reach his cock. He shot his load screaming down her throat. She 
bobbed back and forth trying her best to accommodate him, but 
most of it dribbled out the side, as his cock took up most of the 
room in her mouth.
      She licked him clean and turned to look at Ray whom she was 
still slamming her ass against. He pulled out his cock and released 
a torrent of cum on her back. She collapsed onto Jeb's body. He 
had fallen asleep. She placed a gentle kiss on his forehead.
      In the distance, the whistle went off. Everyone started to file 
out of the room to head home. Bob and Ray helped wake Jeb and 
brought some rags over to Clarissa so she could clean herself off. 
She stood and slowly walked over to her clothes which someone 
had folded neatly and placed on the table. She gingerly put her 
clothes back on.
      Bob gave her a ride home. She knew she would have to 
straighten up the house, because her parents were due home 
tomorrow.
      Clarissa couldn't wait to get in and take a shower.




                              Chapter Four

      Clarissa arose from her sleep and looked at the clock. It was 
8:30. "Thank God it's Saturday" she thought, "I can go back to 
sleep."
      It had been three days since her tryst with the construction 
crew, yet she was still slightly tender. Thoughts were still rampant 
in her head, especially those of Bob. She kept finding herself 
thinking of his long flowing hair and hard chest. She had walked 
past the site a couple of time since then but never recreated the 
events of that day. She did look for Bob, though. He was always 
smiling and always offered her a wink.
      Clarissa was dozing back off to sleep, when she heard a knock 
on the door. It was Janet Darling, her mom. "Clarissa, sweetie, 
what do you want for breakfast, dear?"
      "Uh, I dunno Mom, but I need a little more sleep."
      "Okay, dear, but don't sleep more than an hour, we have to go 
see Ferguson at the science fair at ten-thirty." Clarissa just 
groaned. She didn't feel like going to the science fair to be 
surrounded by a bunch of science nerds. Her thoughts went back 
to Bob and his buddies. She drifted back off to sleep. 
      A few minutes later there was another knock on the door. 
      "Clarissa?" It was Laura. Clarissa bolted up and eeked out, 
"C'mon in Laura."
      She was a little excited. Laura opened the door, "Hiya, I 
though I'd come visit for a while."
      "Are you going to the science fair to see Ferguson?"
      "Yeah, a little later-- he and your dad just left to set his exhibit 
up. Oh and your mom told me to tell you she's going next door for 
coffee with your neighbor and won't be back for a bit."
      Clarissa got out of bed to get dressed. She was wearing a 
short, white, lacy nightgown and a pair of matching panties. 
Laura unintentionally stared at Clarissa's body. She noticed 
Clarissa's firm breasts jiggling in the lacy material. Her eyes 
swept down to the lacy panties and she could see the soft, dark 
patch of Clarissa's pubic hair through the skimpy material.
      The staring did not go unnoticed. Clarissa did a little looking 
up and down of her own. Laura was wearing a short red summer 
dress. Her long legs stuck out from below the skirtline which was 
barely midthigh length. Her ample breasts were restrained by the 
material but looked nice and firm. One thing that stood out in 
Clarissa's mind was Laura's shaved snatch. She had wanted to ask 
about it, but never did.
      Breaking the stare, Clarissa said, "I'm going to go grab a 
shower. Be out in a bit."
      Laura just smiled. Clarissa pulled the nightgown over her 
head and tossed it on the bed. Laura's smile widened as she stared 
at Clarissa's now hardened nipples. Her eyes flowed down 
Clarissa's neck to her firm breasts to those gorgeous nipples. 
      Clarissa turned and walked into the bathroom, leaving the 
door open. Laura followed slowly. She peeked through the door 
and watched Clarissa remove her panties. Her eyes followed the 
jiggle of Clarissa's asscheeks. 
      Clarissa turned the water on and stepped into the shower. She 
lathered up her body with the soap. Laura, who could barely see 
Clarissa through the shower curtain, squinted to see Clarissa soap 
up her perfect body. Laura stood against the doorjam. She slid a 
finger down her belly and up under her skirt. She moved her 
panties to one side and started to rub her clit. She stuck her finger 
into her shaved pussy. She increased the intensity and started to 
move her hips in circular motions. 
      She couldn't contain herself any longer. She pulled her finger 
out of her wet pussy and pulled off her summer dress. She walked 
boldly toward the shower. She stopped to slide her black panties to 
the floor and kick them away. She slid the curtain back and 
stepped in. Clarissa, eyes closed, murmured, "I thought you'd 
never get in."
      Laura kissed Clarissa hard on the mouth. Clarissa kissed back. 
She slid her tongue between Laura's lips. They clenched each 
other, their breasts jammed together. Clarissa felt passion 
overcome her and intensified her kiss. Her tongue was now 
swirling around wildly in Laura's mouth. They let their tongues 
wrestle for mouth space. 
      Clarissa slid her hand down Laura's back. She rubbed her 
hands across Laura's back and asscheeks. She pinched them ever 
so gently. Laura pressed her body harder against Clarissa, forcing 
Clarissa's back to the wall. Laura stood back a bit grabbed 
Clarissa's left tit in her hand. She squeezed the firm breast as she 
manipulated the nipple with two fingers. She gently pinched the 
nipple. Clarissa threw back her head and moaned. The gentle 
touch of Laura was mesmerizing. 
      Clarissa moved her hand around to the front of Laura's body. 
She ran her hand down Laura's flat stomach. She inserted a finger 
into Laura's belly button and down to her bare mound. 
      Clarissa stuck her middle finger into the smooth opening.  She 
pushed her finger in up to the second joint and started moving her 
finger around, exploring the inner walls of Laura's sex. Clarissa 
planted another kiss on Laura's lips. 
      Laura ran her finger between Clarissa's breasts and down her 
smooth stomach to her furpatch. She slid a finger between 
Clarissa's pussy lips. Laura pulled away from the kiss and spoke, 
"Clarissa, why don't we shave you? You might like it."
      Clarissa nodded her head in the affirmative. The two girls 
stepped out of the shower. Laura grabbed a nearby towel and 
placed it on the counter. She motioned for Clarissa to hop up on 
the counter. Clarissa obliged. Laura turned the faucet on and let 
the water get hot. As she waited, she grabbed the shaving gel off 
the shelf next to the shower. She also grabbed a razor.
      Clarissa muttered, "Is this gonna hurt?"
      "Not at all, Clarissa, I do it to myself every other day."
      Laura bent down to apply the gel to Clarissa's bush. She 
lathered it up, causing Clarissa to buck a little. Laura ran the 
razor under the hot water. Clarissa held her breath as Laura 
touched the top pubic hair line with the razor. Laura ran the razor 
down to Clarissa's opening in one smooth stroke. With four or five 
swift downstrokes, Clarissa's pussy was as bare as Laura's. Laura 
grabbed a nearby washcloth and ran it under the hot water. She 
applied it to Clarissa's freshly shaved snatch, relieving it.
      Laura then stuck out her tongue and touched it to Clarissa's 
belly button. She ran her tongue down Clarissa's lower torso and 
to the smooth mound. She licked the surface area, her tongue 
catching some slight stubble she missed. She brought her hands 
up and parted Clarissa's pussy lips. Clarissa slid forward until her 
ass was on the edge of the counter.
      Laura licked around Clarissa's bare opening then ran her 
tongue up and down the slit. She spread Clarissa a little further 
and stuck her tongue in and began to swirl it around. She rubbed 
Clarissa's clit with her left finger as she continued to lick her 
shaven lover. 
      Clarissa grabbed the back of Laura's head and got a firm hold 
on a chunk of hair. She started grinding her hips towards Laura's 
face. She felt the build up in her pussy and then let loose with a 
moan as she orgasmed her sweet juices into the mouth and on the 
face of her lovely partner. Laura stood up. "Let's go into your 
room."
      Clarissa hopped off the counter and followed the tanned 
princess. Laura lay down in the middle of the bed. Clarissa 
climbed in beside her. They embraced passionately and smothered 
each other's faces with kisses. 
      Clarissa's hand quickly darted down to frig Laura's pussy. She 
rubbed the smooth area, slipping her finger in and out of the tight 
opening. She massaged Laura's clit as she moved her flicking 
tongue to Laura's huge tits. She ran her tongue between the two 
massive globes, then ran her tongue over the large brown nipples 
that instantly hardened in her mouth. She used her free hand to 
knead one tit while her mouth satisfied the other, then switched 
back and forth. Laura's body bucked and she came with a deep 
groan. Clarissa kept the friction on Laura's bald cunt at a fast 
speed as she continued to manipulate the huge mammary in her 
mouth. She sucked like a newborn on the enormous breast. 
      She placed a kiss on Laura's nipple and started kissing down 
her stomach. She stopped at Laura's navel and ran her tongue 
across and in and out of the innie belly button. Clarissa brought 
her hands down and spread Laura's tight pussy. She kissed her 
way down Laura's bald mound and ran a stiff tongue down her 
clit. She nibbled the clit and plunged her tongue deep in the gash 
that was staring her in the face. 
      Laura closed her eyes and put her hands on the back of 
Clarissa head. This intensified Clarissa's licks. Now she would 
alternate a nibble on the clit and a flicking inside the velvety folds 
of Laura's pussy. She shoved a finger in for good measure. 
      Clarissa's tongue went wild, dodging out of Laura's cunt. She 
lifted Laura's legs to expose her glorious asshole. Clarissa plunged 
her tongue deep inside. Laura raised her legs up to her chest 
giving Clarissa full access to the tight pink pucker hole. Clarissa 
ran her tongue up and down Laura's asscrack sticking a finger 
into her asshole.
      Clarissa and Laura were so wrapped up in their little lovefest 
that they failed to hear Janet Darling open the door. Janet was 
shocked at first.  She kept silent and sat on the floor to watch. She 
remembered back to her college days when she experimented with 
lesbianism. 
      She was getting hot. Part of her mind was saying "Janet, that's 
YOUR daughter." and the other half was saying "God, I'm so hot I 
don't care."
  She watched her daughter's analigus with a sense of wanting to 
be between the legs of this Laura gal. Her lovely dark and huge 
chest. This gal didn't look her age. Janet slid her hand down into 
the waistband of her slacks and into her underwear. Her pussy was 
soaking. She rubbed a finger against her clit. 
      Then Laura opened her eyes. She bolted upright and gasped, 
"Mrs. Darling! Oh God I-I..."
      Janet waved a hand. Then Clarissa bolted up, "Mom, I can 
explain."
      Janet pulled her hand out of her pants. "Don't worry, dear. I 
understand. You two look so hot together. Does Fergie know?"
      Clarissa and Laura giggled at the inside joke and nodded yes. 
Janet boldly stood up and walked over to the bed. Clarissa didn't 
know what to say or do. She just slid to the side as Janet removed 
her slacks. She was wearing red cotton panties that were soaking 
wet. She pulled them down to reveal a light blonde bush.
      She kicked them off and started unbuttoning her lacy white 
blouse to reveal a white lacy bra similar to the ones Clarissa wore. 
Clarissa never realized how firm her mother's 36 year old breasts 
were. Janet let them out of their confinement. She revealed a 
lovely set of pink nipples that were about the size of quarters. Her 
nipples stood erect and proud. She had a slim waist and a flat 
stomach. Her legs were long and slender.
      Clarissa admired her mother's body.
      Janet wasted no time climbing in between Laura's legs and 
started to show these teenagers a thing or two about eating pussy. 
She stuck her tongue out like a small erect cock and snaked it in 
and out while lapping up and down. She pressed her face against 
Laura's cunt shoving her tongue in as far as it would go. She 
moved her tongue exploring this hot cavern of lust. She brought a 
finger up to the sensitive clit that was pressed against her nose.
      Clarissa climbed up by Laura's head and squatted gently onto 
her face. She rested her knees on either side of Laura's head. 
Laura stuck her tongue out and lapped like a thirsty puppy. 
Clarissa reached down and rubbed her clit furiously, bobbing up 
and down on Laura's face. Laura reached up and spread Clarissa's 
hot pussy lips for deeper access.
      Clarissa looked down at her mother hard at work on that 
gorgeous pussy. She leaned down keeping her pussy hovering over 
Laura's hard working tongue and started to lick Laura's belly 
button. She reached down a little further. Janet brought her face 
up and kissed Clarissa hard on the mouth. Clarissa kissed back, 
shoving her tongue deep into her mother's mouth. The tingle from 
the kiss surged through Clarissa's body and down to her cunt. She 
came with a fury and Laura struggled for every drop of that tasty 
teencum.
      Clarissa spread Laura's pussy lips and held them open for her 
mother. Janet kept on lapping and rested her hand on the flat 
stomach of Laura. Clarissa grabbed her mother's finger with her 
mouth and started to suck it like a cock. Without using her hands 
she moved her mouth up and down the slender finger and made 
little sucking motions. Laura came with a scream that the 
neighbors possibly heard. Janet had moved her free hand down 
and was fingering her own clit.
      Clarissa withdrew her mother's finger from her mouth and 
said, “Oh God, I'm sorry Mom, we're being so selfish."
      She helped her mother up and her and Laura got off the bed. 
They gently forced Mrs. Darling onto her back on the bed. 
Clarissa spread her mother's legs as she lay at the foot of the bed. 
She started lapping at her mother's wet pussy. Laura crowded onto 
the bed beside Clarissa. Together they shared Janet's treasure. 
Their tongues intertwined and they tag lapped the hot pussy in 
front of them. They would pull away long enough to share a kiss, 
then back to work. Clarissa spread her mother's pussy for Laura 
and Laura lapped it with a strong enthusiasm. Then they 
switched. Clarissa noted Janet's pussy was a little muskier than 
Laura's. Clarissa ran her tongue down to her mother's bunghole as 
Laura resumed her licking of Janet's pink snatch. 
      Janet started bucking her hips. Laura smashed her face against 
the slamming pussy. Janet came with a moan. Clarissa shared the 
cum with Laura. Clarissa moved up and started kissing her 
mother on the mouth. She brought her head down and started 
licking the nipples of her beloved mother. Janet reached out a 
hand and grabbed Clarissa's breasts and started to massage them. 
Clarissa brought her pussy up and planted it on her mother's 
mouth. Janet Darling sucked her daughter's honey. She intensified 
the grasp on Clarissa's breasts as she stuck her tongue into the 
teenage honeypot that hovered over her face. She noted the 
pleasant taste of her daughter's charms. She rolled her tongue 
around inside Clarissa snatch and brought her hands up to spread 
Clarissa's lips and asscheeks. She pulled her tongue out of 
Clarissa's cunt and buried it into her asshole. She enjoyed the 
musky flavor of her daughter's wrinkled hole. Clarissa bucked her 
hips down onto her mother's face. She came with a thundering 
orgasm, with Janet swallowing every drop except for that was 
smeared all over her face.
      Clarissa climbed off her mother's face and kissed her on the 
lips, getting the flavor of her own pussy juices on her tongue. 
Clarissa felt a little tingle as she stared at the glow on her 
mother's face.
      Laura got up and planted a kiss on Janet's cheek then kissed 
Clarissa hard on the mouth, "I love you." Laura said to Clarissa.




                              Chapter Five

      Clarissa sat up in bed. She was hungry. She peered at the 
clock, it was 11:10. She figured her mother was still at her 
Tupperware party-- those things lasted until 1:00 or so. She 
decided to go down and get something to eat. She was craving 
chocolate.
      She got out of bed, dressed in a pair of light green silk pajama 
shorts and a matching nightshirt. She loved the feel of the sheer 
material against her supple body. The looseness of her top allowed 
her breasts to bounce freely.
      She figured Dad and Ferguson would be crashed, so she didn't 
bother grabbing her nightgown. 
      She crept down the hall quietly so as not awaken her dad or 
Ferguson. When she got to the kitchen, she noticed it was a little 
warm. She walked over to the fridge, opened it and peered in. She 
looked at the cucumbers in the crisper and giggled a little. She 
looked at the whipped cream and giggled a little louder. She 
decided to go for the chocolate ice cream. She grabbed the 
container, a spoon and bowl, and sat down at the dinner table.
      Marshall Darling awoke from his sleep. He was craving a 
sandwich. He looked at the clock on the nightstand and realized 
Janet wouldn't be home for another hour or so. She would freak if 
she knew he was breaking his new diet by snacking at night. He 
knew he had to hurry. He got out of bed and headed downstairs.
      When he swung open the kitchen door, he saw his daughter 
sitting at the table. The kitchen was dark. The moonlight shone 
through the window and highlighted her hair. She was immersed 
in a bowl of... ice cream? Her back was toward him. He finally 
spoke startling Clarissa, "Hey Sport, how's it going?"
      Regaining her breath and composure, she uttered, "G-great, 
Dad. J-j-just having a little snack-- ice cream."
      "Well, I'm gonna join you for a little snack, just don't tell your 
mom-- she'd go nuts if she knew I was cheating on my diet."
      They shared a snicker. Marshall walked over to the fridge. He 
opened it and couldn't find anything appealing. He turned to ask 
Clarissa a question and in the refrigerator light he caught a 
glimpse of the shadow of her breasts in her top. He was speechless 
as he was unable to tear his eyes away from the sight. "Uh, uhm, 
what do ya... think... uh, I should... eat?" he squeaked out trying 
to hide his nervousness.
      "The ice cream is great." Clarissa smiled. That's when she 
noticed the bulge in her father's pajama bottoms. She could tell he 
was nervous. She had forgotten that she was wearing the flimsy 
top. That was the obvious reason for her father's reaction.
      She stood up to go get the ice cream for him. She wanted to 
downplay his nervousness and put him at ease. That actually made 
things worse. When she stood up the light from the refrigerator 
and the moonlight made her even more appealing to the eye. 
      As she now stood beside him, he couldn't help but look over at 
her firm breasts that were mere inches from him. He tried to act 
unobvious, but failed. Clarissa smiled as she looked down at his 
still growing bulge. She saw the outline straining against the 
fabric of his pajamas, and couldn't believe how big his cock was. 
He had a little bit of a gut, but his cock stuck out quite aways.
      Clarissa got bold and feigned trying to reach for something on 
the bottom of the fridge and brushed his cock. It was rock hard. 
He flinched a little.
      In his mind he kept thinking, “My God, Marshall this is your 
daughter. You shouldn't be in this state of mind. Maybe you 
should go back to bed and forget about it."
      Clarissa bent forward and gave her father a peek at her tits. 
Marshall really started to lose his composure. He could see the 
fullness of her breasts and just a slight glimpse of her nipples 
which were rock hard against the silk fabric. The cool air of the 
refrigerator made them even a little stiffer. 
      She purposely grabbed a bottle of chocolate syrup and squirted 
a little on the crotch of his pajamas. She feigned surprise, "Oh, 
God, I'm so sorry dad, here, let me clean that off," she lied. She 
reached down to wipe the chocolate syrup off his pajamas and 
started rubbing the crotch of his bottoms. She rubbed against the 
fabric causing her dad to jump a little.
      She looked him in the eye and put an innocent smile on her 
face. She figured she had fucked the rest of the family, why not 
include Dad in the action? She reached up and kissed him on the 
lips. This caught Marshall off guard. He kept trying to rationalize 
and refuse to give in. She was making it tougher. She kissed him 
harder and stuck her tongue in his mouth. He finally gave in and 
kissed her back, pulling her into his arms and squeezing ever so 
gently.
      Clarissa stuck her right hand into the opening of her father's 
pajama bottoms. She found what she was looking for. She grabbed 
his warm cock. The chocolate syrup was seeping through the 
material. She couldn't believe how big it was... and fat. She 
squeezed his throbbing member gently, in an affectionate way. 
Marshall ran one hand down the smooth fabric of her top and 
brought it around front to rub her belly. Then with a deep breath, 
he slid his hand up under the fabric and grabbed one of her 
breasts. It was soft and doughy in his hand. He kneaded the breast 
and pinched the nipple. He was amazed at his daughter's 
development. He had noticed her sprouting a bit in recent years 
but never really thought about it much... not in this way.
      Clarissa kissed her father on the neck, then made her way 
down, unbuttoning his pajama top one button at a time as she 
kissed her way down. She got down to his warm, furry belly and 
stopped to rub her fingers through the hair and stick her tongue in 
his belly button. Marshall threw his head back and closed his eyes. 
Clarissa tugged at his pajama bottoms and brought them down to 
his ankles. His cock, finally released from it's confines, stood 
straight out at her. It was about seven inches long and three inches 
thick. She stuck out her tongue and touched the tip, tasting his 
precum. She licked the head round and round.
      Then she had an idea. She reached over and got the whipped 
cream from the fridge. She shook the can and sprayed some on his 
cock. Marshall flinched a little at the cold of the whipped cream. 
She covered the head completely and most of the rest of his cock 
in a helter-skelter manner. She enveloped her mouth around his 
member. The feel of her warm mouth and the cold whipped cream 
sent pleasure ripping through Marshall's body. She slowly slid her 
mouth down her father's fat cock. He gently placed his hands on 
the back of her head. She grabbed his balls and started to massage 
them. She could feel the build up. She couldn't wait to taste his 
cum mixed with the sweet cream. This made her move her mouth 
faster up and down his pole.
      Beads of sweat covered Marshall's forehead. Clarissa looked 
up at him from her kneeling position and looked him right in the 
eye. He looked into those pools of blue and felt his balls start to 
tighten. He couldn't believe his daughter was going to eat his cum. 
His wife never would, hell she would barely lick it. Her eyes were 
so innocent, he thought. Then he felt that surge and his cock 
started bucking.
      Clarissa slurped away as the cum shot into her mouth. She 
could taste the mixture of her dad's jism and the whipped cream. 
She gulped hungrily. When his cock had slowed to a dribble she 
licked it clean. It was still sticky from the whipped cream and her 
saliva.
      Marshall got bolder. He reached down and grabbed Clarissa's 
top and pulled it up and over her head. Her glorious tits bounced 
out. He reached down and grabbed one in each hand. His cock, 
now limp, slid against Clarissa's cheek. 
      She reached around him and pulled the chocolate syrup out of 
the fridge. "Your turn Daddy," she said handing him the syrup.
      She lay back on the warm kitchen floor pulling her breasts 
away from groping hands.
      Marshall kneeled down on the floor next to his daughter. Her 
body looked so smooth and gorgeous in the refrigerator light that 
bathed the kitchen.
      Marshall grabbed the syrup and turned the bottle upside-
down. He squeezed the bottle and let it drizzle out of the spout and 
onto his daughter's flat stomach. He swirled the bottle letting the 
syrup cover the surface. He ran the dripping bottle up near her 
breasts covering them in the chocolate goo.  Most of her young 
upper torso was now covered. Marshall set the syrup on the floor 
and leaned over and put his tongue to her navel. He began the lick 
up to her pert breasts. He stopped along the way to smear a little 
syrup on his nose as he licked under her right breast. His mouth 
covered her nipple. The sweet chocolate covered breast was being 
sucked into his mouth almost choking him. 
      As he continued cleaning the chocolate syrup from his nubile 
young daughter his hand darted to her satin shorts. He tucked a 
finger into the waistband and gave a gentle tug to pull them to her 
knees. His eyes fell to her crotch. That's when he noticed it was 
bare. The fact that his daughter shaved her pussy made him 
hornier than ever. His limp cock quickly sprang back to life. He 
stood up and opened the freezer part of the refrigerator and pulled 
out an icetray and popped out an ice cube. He knelt back down.
      Clarissa flinched as he sat the cube on her freshly licked belly 
and started to run it down towards her bare pussy. Her body 
became rigid as the ice cube was run over her clit. Marshall 
slowly rubbed the ice over her pussy. He leaned down and placed 
a kiss on her outer pussy lips. He than stuck out his tongue and 
started licking up and down her slit. 
      Clarissa grabbed the back of his head and applied gentle 
pressure. Marshall ran the ice cube over her clit as he continued to 
lick her slit. He parted her lips with his free hand and shoved his 
tongue in. He was greeted with a little warm pussy juice as his 
tongue moved around probing her cunt. He mashed his face 
against her crotch as he stuck his tongue in as far as it would go.
      Clarissa started bucking her hips against his face. This egged 
him on. He licked and rubbed faster and faster. The ice cube had 
melted to barely a thin wafer. He let it fall to the floor between her 
legs. Then his daughter came with a fury filling his mouth with 
warm pussycum. He slurped and slurped. 
      "God," he thought, "She's as tasty as her mother."
      "Oh, Daddy" Clarissa moaned, "That was great!!! More, 
please more!!! Fuck me!!!"
      Marshall glanced up at the counter and noticed a dishtowel 
hanging over the edge. He stood up and grabbed it. He looked 
down at his daughter still reeling from her oral climax. He knelt 
down prompted Clarissa to raise her head. He tied the dishtowel 
around her head like a blindfold. Clarissa laid her head back 
down. 
      Marshall reached over and grabbed a carrot out of the crisper. 
Clarissa was curious. She heard the rustling and tried to speak. 
Her dad put a finger to her lips and said, “Hush, Sport, you’ll like 
this. Your mother and I used to do it in college all the time."
      He rubbed the tip of the carrot around Clarissa's lips and 
playfully slid it in and out. Clarissa flicked her tongue at it, 
chasing it a little. Her father continued to tease her with the 
carrot, allowing her to nibble it, then he would pull it away, then 
push it into her mouth a bit. He ran the carrot down her neck and 
between her breasts, which were still covered in chocolate. Then 
he ran it over her areolas and stiff nipples, one breast, then the 
other. He dropped the carrot to the floor. He leaned down and 
kissed Clarissa on the lips, ever so gently, then pulled back as she 
tried to kiss him back. He kept up the tease.
      Marshall reached over to the fridge again and came out with a 
bowl which contained some cold pasta noodles. He pulled some of 
the noodles out and set the bowl on the floor.
      He tickled Clarissa's belly with the thin strands of pasta. He 
ran them up and down her firm, young body. Then ran them up to 
her lips which awaited them eagerly. She managed to nibble a 
little. The pasta/chocolate combo wasn't very pleasant but she was 
so hot, she didn’t care. Then he gently slapped the noodles on her 
breasts. It sent a stinging sensation through her. He slapped a 
little harder. Clarissa was really getting turned on and jutted her 
hand out to grab a firm hold of her father's cock which was now 
burning hot. He tossed the pasta aside and grabbed Clarissa by the 
waist. With a tug he rolled her over onto her stomach ripping his 
cock from her hand. Her breasts squished against the warm floor 
with a little splatter of chocolate. Marshall kissed Clarissa on the 
back of the neck. He ran his hand down and gave her a slap on the 
ass. A bolt of ecstasy surged through her body.
      He gave her another slap, this time leaving a red handprint. 
He leaned down and placed a kiss on the handprint. His finger 
dropped down and rubbed her clit from behind. He teased it with 
his finger, then ran the finger up her crack and across her pink 
rosebud. He reached up and into the fridge and came back down 
with a tub of margarine and a quart of milk. His took the top off 
the milk.  The fact that she couldn't see what he was doing, made 
Clarissa hotter than ever. Her pussy was sopping wet.
      Marshall poured the milk in a drizzle down the outline of her 
spine. He leaned down and licked the milk off, running his pink 
tongue down her spine. He licked down between her asscheeks, 
stopping just short of her asshole. He was unsure of continuing.
      He took the lid off the tub of margarine. He scooped out some 
with his fingers and started coating her ass and massaged it down 
to her asshole. He stuck his margarine-coated finger into her 
asshole. He swirled it around and spread it evenly.
      Clarissa moaned, “Ooh, oooooh, yessss!!!! Fuck me in the 
pussy first Daddy, please, then you can stick it my ass!!! 
Please!!!!"
      Her foul language surprised Marshall. But the frankness of it 
spurred him on. He jumped around behind his daughter and 
grabbed her by the waist. He pulled her up onto all fours. He lifted 
her enough to slide her shorts all the way to her ankles, then off. 
He brought them to his face and sniffed. The fresh washed smell 
mixed with his daughter's vaginal juices were a pleasure to his 
nose. He lovingly placed them on the floor. He grabbed his own 
pajama bottoms that were on the floor next to him and placed 
them under Clarissa and guided her onto them, so she wouldn't 
hurt her knees on the hard floor.
      He reached into the crisper and pulled out a basket of 
strawberries. He removed a plump juicy one. He squished it 
between his fingers. He mashed it against Clarissa's cunt and 
smeared it all around her opening and rubbed it inside her fiery 
hot lips. Clarissa, still blindfolded and not knowing what to 
expect, jumped a bit. He placed his lips by the pussy and started to 
lick at the strawberry mess he had made. The sweetness mixed 
with Clarissa's juices urged him to lick harder.
      Clarissa screamed out, "Daddy, pleeeaaassse fuck meeee 
noww!!!!"
      Marshall was a little startled. He moved up behind his 
daughter, his penis against her pussy lips. He rubbed the tip 
against her soft flesh, the stickiness of the strawberry still evident. 
With a little push, the tip of his jutting cock was nestled between 
her bare lips. He pushed a little further in.
      "Don't worry, Daddy, it's gone," Clarissa retorted.
      Marshall was overcome with a feeling of both relief and 
disappointment. 
      He pushed his cock deeper into the folds of his daughter's sex. 
Marshall started pumping his pole in and out of his teenage 
daughter. She started pushing back against his body. He matched 
her thrust for thrust-- as she would slam back he would lurch 
forward.
      At times, his penis would plop out and be slammed back in. 
The feeling of his balls slapping against her bare cunt brought his 
impending orgasm closer. He picked up the pace.
      "Oh, yes, Daddy, please don't stop!!!! Pleeeeasse!!" Clarissa 
whimpered almost in tears with horniness. She felt the warm 
build up in her loins. Her pussy juice soaking her father's pubic 
hair. He was now burying his cock up to the hilt with each thrust.
      He pulled out just short of cumming. He wanted to fuck that 
sweet little dimpled ass. He wanted it NOW!!!
      He grabbed the back of Clarissa's hair and brought her head 
back. With one quick motion Marshall had the head of his bulging 
cock in the folds of Clarissa's asshole. She let out a little yelp. The 
margarine, which was now melting in her hot asshole, softened 
things, lubricating her dad and her asshole. 
      Marshall slowly pushed forward and his cock was now half-
way into her ass. The size of his cock made it difficult to shove it 
in much further. 
      He pulled back a little and thrust forward again. He started 
making short strokes. In and out. In and out. Clarissa flexed her 
ass muscles and pushed back a little to fuck her father with her 
asshole. Marshall held onto Clarissa's hair with one hand as he 
slid the other down under her and started stroking her bobbing 
tits. The chocolate had set up now and was real sticky. He quickly 
brought the hand down and stuck a finger into her gaping pussy. 
He started to finger fuck his daughter as he fucked her ass. He 
could feel his massive cock through the thin wall that separated 
her cunt and bunghole. Soon he stuck another finger in, then a 
third. He was now fucking her cunt with three fingers. They were 
snug inside her hot pussy. Clarissa bucked her hips up and back 
toward her father and came with a scream. She collapsed down to 
the floor. Marshall followed her down, keeping his cock jammed 
in her ass. He eased down on top of her and started to stroke 
harder. He pulled his fingers out of her box and brought them up 
around and placed them into her mouth. She sucked her young 
juices off his soaking wet fingers. Clarissa loved the taste of her 
cunt with the hint of strawberry and chocolate.
      A moan built up in Marshall's throat as his balls tightened and 
he shot his load into her asshole. Clarissa moaned with delight as 
her dad continued to pump and shoot out his last few drops of 
jism. 
      Clarissa turned around pulling her dad's cock out of her ass 
with a lewd wet plop. She reached blindly for her dad's cock. He 
guided it to her lips. She flicked her tongue out and licked the tip. 
He teased it away from her mouth, then grazed it against her lips. 
She grabbed his limp cock and placed it in her mouth. She licked 
the cum off of it. She loved the feeling of his limp cock in her 
mouth. She continued to suck and slurp.
      "Sorry, Sport Marshall said looking down at his blindfolded 
daughter, “I don't think there's anything left. Twice is about all I 
got."
      "Oh yeah," Clarissa replied, "Wait until mom gets home. Hee 
Hee."
      Marshall felt his cock spring back to life. He knew his wife 
would be home soon. He reached down and kissed his daughter on 
the forehead. "Well, Sport, she'll be home soon. We'd better 
shower up and get ready for her."
      "I love you Daddy," Clarissa said with a smile.




                              Chapter Six

	Clarissa stood in the shower, the hot water spraying the 
chocolate syrup crust off her breasts. She ran the soap bar up and 
down her upper torso. She scrubbed to get all the chocolate off. 
	She ran the soap bar down to her bare pussy. The 
combination of chocolate, strawberry and milk had crusted over. 
She scrubbed and scrubbed. Her entire pussy area was bright red 
from the scrubbing. 
	She became aroused, not only by the scrubbing, but the 
thought of what could happen when her mother got home. 
Clarissa played out a few fantasies in her mind. She closed her 
eyes in thought. She found herself scrubbing harder with the soap. 
She startled herself when she realized she'd been in the shower too 
long. She turned off the water and reached for her towel...

                              * * *

      Janet Darling walked through the living room door. She took 
off her jacket and headed upstairs to the bedroom. She was horny 
and wanted to fuck Marshall badly. At her Tupperware party she'd 
overheard two women talking about their husbands wanting to tie 
them up. The thought of it made her hot. Marshall had never 
really done much in that area other than an occasional 
blindfolding. She wanted to explore the joy of submissiveness and 
maybe even being in charge and ordering Marshall around like a 
dog.
      She giggled gently to herself. She opened the door to her 
bedroom. It was dark. She looked over to the bed seeking the body 
of her husband. He was gone. Janet took a breath and sighed a 
little. Where could he have gone? The bathroom light in the hall 
was off so he couldn't be there. 
      She walked down to Clarissa's bedroom. She put her ear to the 
door and heard faint whispers. Several things ran through her 
mind. Could it be the bond she had with Clarissa was now shared 
between Clarissa and Marshall? Perhaps, Clarissa was having a 
bad dream? Problems? Taking a deep breath, She eased open the 
door.
      Clarissa was laying in bed with the blankets pulled up to her 
neck and Marshall was sitting on the bed. They were giggling. 
      "What are you two doing?" Janet said almost embarrassed 
she'd expected anything.
      "Oh, I dunno, Mom, talking. I've got a problem and dad was 
helping me."
      "What problem?" Janet asked, concerned.
      Then she noticed the devilish grin appearing on Clarissa's 
face. Marshall had almost the same look.
      "What to do with this." Clarissa answered pulling down the 
blankets, revealing she was naked.
      Janet didn't quite know what to do.
      "It's okay, Mom, he knows about us and what we did. He's 
okay with it."
      Janet seemed a little relieved. She started to unbutton her 
blouse. She had a light blue bra on. She reached around the back 
and unfastened the bra, letting her gorgeous breasts fall out. 
Marshall was standing in front of her now. He grabbed her and 
kissed her passionately on the mouth. His hands reached around 
her back and unzipped her skirt letting it fall to her ankles. He 
slipped his hands into the back of her panties and squeezed her 
rounded buttcheeks. He fondled and caressed, then ran a finger 
down to her cunt and tickled the opening. He slid her panties to 
the floor and knelt in front of her. His tongue ran down her slit. 
He parted the lips with his tongue and swirled it like an ice cream 
cone. 
      Clarissa threw off the covers all the way exclaiming, "Hey, 
what about me?"
      Marshall stood up and he and his wife headed for the bed, 
"Sorry, Sport. Got lost in the moment."
      Janet laid on the bed beside Clarissa. She gave her a soft kiss 
on the lips. Marshall sat at the foot of the bed. He leaned over and 
spread Clarissa's legs. Her stuck out his tongue and shoved it deep 
into Clarissa's bare cunt. He spread her bare lips with his fingers 
as he stuck his tongue straight out like a little penis.
      He moved his head back and forth fucking his daughter with 
his tongue.
      Janet moved her kiss down to Clarissa's neck, giving it a 
playful bite. She proceeded to those two magnificent globes and 
started tonguing Clarissa's stiff little nipples. She flicked them 
with her tongue as her mouth roamed the breasts. Janet grabbed 
Clarissa's breasts firmly and buried her face between them, 
soaking them with saliva. 
      Marshall pulled himself up and buried his shaft into Clarissa's 
moist cunt. He sat up on his knees a little so as not to crush Janet's 
head which was buried in her daughter's bosom. Clarissa started 
bucking her hips to meet her father's thrusts. Janet made her way 
down to Clarissa's flat stomach. Marshall kneeled all the way back 
so he was sitting on his legs. He grabbed his daughter's slim waist 
and started fucking her harder.
      Clarissa's moans filled the room. Her mother was tonguing 
her belly button. Clarissa lifted her head to watch the performance 
of her parents. 
      Janet licked Clarissa's pubic mound and would occasionally 
lick Marshalls cock as he pulled it out. He slowed his strokes so 
his wife could lick his dick as he fucked his daughter. He felt 
Clarissa quiver as she came. Her body went into little convulsions, 
causing his balls to tighten. He felt the cum building up. He 
pumped in and out, in and out. Janet could barely keep up. 
      Marshall felt the cum leave his balls and start coursing 
through his thick dick. He pulled his spurting cock out and 
plunged it into his wife's waiting mouth. Janet felt the first few 
drops cascade down her throat, then felt the full rush of cum as 
her husband pumped his cock into her mouth. She swallowed as 
much as she could, but some still dribbled out of her mouth and 
onto Clarissa's red pussy lips. After cleaning Marshall's cock with 
her tongue, Janet licked the little cum puddle off of her daughter's 
cuntlips.
      Marshall collapsed onto his daughter.
      "Oh no you don't," exclaimed Clarissa, "you still gotta satisfy 
Mom."
      Janet was proud of her daughter for not being selfish. "Thank 
you, Clarissa."
      She pushed her father off and onto his back as Janet got out of 
the bed.
      Clarissa made her way down to her father's now limp cock. 
She grabbed it by the base and placed her lips to the tip of his 
cock and gave it a kiss. She stuck out her tongue and ran it over 
the head. Her tongue swirled around the tip and slid down the vas 
defrans tube. She licked his balls and lifted his cock for better 
access.
      Janet got up on the bed and climbed on top of her husband. 
She straddled his face and lowered her wet cunt to his waiting 
mouth. His tongue probed around inside her genital folds as he 
brought his hands up to spread her lips wider. Janet started 
grinding her pussy onto his face. Marshall kept getting his licks in 
and grabbed his wife's narrow hips.
      Clarissa had her father hard again and was stroking his cock. 
She looked up to see her mother smother her father with 
pussycum. 
      Clarissa got up off the bed and went into the bathroom. Janet 
moved down so her pussy was hovering over her husbands cock. 
She grabbed it and lowered herself down inch by inch. She was 
full to the hilt of his cock and started to grind her hips. Marshall 
pumped his hips to keep the rhythm Janet had built up.
      Marshall flipped Janet over so they were in missionary 
position. He started pushing his cock in and out of her throbbing 
cunt. Marshall mashed his mouth down on Janet’s jiggling breasts 
as he fucked her pussy.
      Clarissa appeared from the bathroom. She had a devilish grin 
on her face. She was carrying the ropes she and Ferguson had 
used and the can of whipped cream from the fridge. Her mother 
was in such ecstasy that she didn't even notice Clarissa.
      Clarissa quickly grabbed her mother's right wrist and tied it to 
the bed post. Her mother came out of her sexual trance and 
gasped, "What the hell?"
      Clarissa just smiled. Janet looked into her husbands face and 
he wore the same smile that Clarissa did. Janet wasn't sure what 
to expect. She was a little nervous. She relaxed her left wrist as 
Clarissa leaned over and tied it to the bedpost.
      Clarissa's tit rubbed against her mother's face as she tied the 
rope. Janet couldn't resist sticking out her tongue and taking a 
lick. Clarissa just smiled as her mother tweaked her nipple with 
her tongue. She reached down and gave her mother a sweet kiss 
on the forehead.  "Now, I'm in charge." Clarissa commanded, 
"Dad, tie up her legs."
      Clarissa suprised even herself as the words fell out of her 
mouth. She had never even raised her voice to her mother, and 
now was going to control her.
      Marshall did as he was told. Clarissa reached under her bed 
and produced the can of whipped cream from the refrigerator.
      Clarissa placed a dab of whipped cream on each of her 
mother's stiff nipples. She reached down and grabbed her mother's 
right breast in her hands and leaned down to lick the whipped 
cream. She enclosed her mouth around her mother's nipple. 
      Clarissa looked up at her dad and said, "C'mon Daddy, you 
take the other one."
      Marshall quickly enveloped the cream covered nipple with his 
mouth. He darted his tongue out and flicked it along the nipple as 
he sucked it. He gave her tit a gentle squeeze.
      The swirl of tongues sent a tickling sensation through Janet's 
body. She flinched and made the ropes tighten. They dug into her 
flesh. The combination of the burning and tickling brought a 
crashing orgasm to Janet's cunt. She moaned in ecstasy. 
      Clarissa lowered the can to her mother's navel and dropped 
some of the creamy stuff on her mother's hot quim. Marshall 
swept down and quickly licked Janet's belly button. He slurped at 
the sweet cream nestled in his wife's navel. Clarissa, wanting a 
little sweetness of her own, quickly moved to the foot of the bed 
and slammed her cute face onto her mother's cream-covered muff. 
Clarissa swirled her tongue around in the mixture of whipped 
cream and pubic hair. Clarissa ran her tongue down her mother's 
sticky slit and took a nibble on her clit. Clarissa rammed her 
tongue into the heated hole of her mother. She brought her hands 
up and spread her mother's pussylips. She had to lean over the 
rope for the best access. Her weight pulled the rope tighter cutting 
into her mother's left ankle. The pain/ecstasy was enough to cause 
Janet to squeal. Clarissa thrust her tongue in and out, up and 
down. She moved her head vigorously to enhance her mother's 
pleasure. Marshall had moved himself behind his daughter. He 
had his prick in his hand and was aiming it at her juicy, bald cunt. 
He stroked her clit with the tip of his cock. He stepped forward 
and inserted his penis into her bare cavern.
      Clarissa lurched back, causing her father's cock to fill her 
pussy. He started thrusting, slapping Clarissa's ass with his hairy 
balls. Clarissa, who was still standing over her mother, tonguing 
her pussy, started pushing her ass back toward her father. 
Marshall sped up his strokes causing Clarissa to lick harder and 
faster. Clarissa's pussy was dripping with juice. She and her 
mother moaned in orgasm at the same time. The simultaneous 
orgasm of his wife and daughter caused Marshall to thrust harder.
      Clarissa reached down and started stroking her cunt wildly. 
She inserted a finger in her cunt. The feeling of both her father's 
pecker and her slim finger in her quim made it all the more 
intense. Marshall, ready to cum, stepped out from behind his 
daughter and started jerking his cock wildly. Clarissa quickly 
dropped to the floor and started flicking her tongue on the 
underside of her dad's dick. Marshall shot his wad all over his 
wife's belly. The cum mixed with what was left of the now dried 
whipped cream on her pussy mound and stomach. Clarissa shoved 
her father out of the way and started lapping at the mixture like a 
thirsty puppy. Marshall sat at the head of the bed and kissed his 
wife hard on the mouth as his daughter finished cleaning the 
cum/cream off her mother's stomach.
      Marshall started to untie the rope when Clarissa interrupted, 
"Wait, we're not finished with her yet."
      "Sorry Sport," her father replied, "but I don't think I can 
handle anymore. Your poor mother looks tired too."
      "But what about me?" a voice squeaked out. All looked across 
the room. There standing in the doorway was Ferguson with a 
camcorder. He had been videotaping the whole thing. Only 
Clarissa was in on it.
      "Oh yeah," she replied, "I had almost forgotten about you 
Fergwad."
      Ferguson set the camcorder on Clarissa's desk and removed 
the blue terrycloth robe he was wearing. He walked toward the 
bed, his cock sticking straight out. Janet gave a little gasp at the 
endowment of her young son. He stood beside the bed and grabbed 
the can of whipped cream. He sprayed a generous amount on his 
cock. He shoved his jutting boner at his mother's shocked face. He 
pushed past her lips with the engorged purple head of his cock. He 
pushed harder and his cock was halfway in her mouth. Janet 
started to move her head to and fro. She engulfed almost all of his 
cock. He hurried his thrusts, causing his balls to slap against his 
mother's cheeks. 
      Fergeson pulled his cock from his mother's mouth with a loud 
pop. He climbed on the bed and sat on her chest. He lowered 
himself and stuck his sticky cock between his mother's breasts. He 
squeezed her breasts around his cock and started to tit fuck his 
mother. The warmth of her breasts was heating up Ferguson's 
drive. He twisted the nipples as he mashed his cock with his 
mother's tits. 
      Not wanting to be left out, Clarissa sat down on the edge of 
the bed and leaned over to kiss her mother on the mouth. She 
shoved her tongue deep into her mother's mouth. The hot 
mother/daughter team allowed their tongues to wrestle in each 
other's mouths. 
      Clarissa broke the kiss and started to kiss her mother's soft 
tits. Ferguson kept fucking away at his mother's breasts. Clarissa 
brought her mouth down and flicked her tongue at the tip of her 
brother's penis every time it would peek out from between the two 
fleshy mounds. Ferguson pushed Clarissa back and shoved his 
cock into his mother's mouth. He grabbed her hair and began 
fucking her face, his balls slapping against her chin. He felt the 
surge in his groin and thrust harder. He emptied his seed into his 
mother's mouth. He was fucking it so wildly that it spurted 
everywhere. Only part of his spunk went down her throat, the rest 
coated her chin, neck and face. Without missing a beat Clarissa 
licked the cum off her mother's sweaty face. She leaned over to 
Ferguson who had finally stopped his thrusts and kissed the wet 
tip of his cock.
      Clarissa struggled to her feet as Ferguson hopped off his 
mother. They started untying the ropes. 
      "Wait a minute, Ferguson honey," his mother choked out 
trying to catch her breath from her family workout, "Let's try that 
on for size." She pointed to his long, skinny cock.
      Ferguson was flattered that after all she'd been through, his 
mother wanted to fuck him. He blushed. "I don't know, mom, I... 
uh um..."
      Clarissa stopped Ferguson by dropping to her knees in front of 
him and grabbing his cock, "Don't worry, little bro, I'll help you."
      Clarissa took Ferguson's limp cock into her mouth. She 
flicked her tongue at the tip, which brought his cock slowly back 
to life. She grabbed the base of his cock and started stroking it. 
She bobbed her head to and fro, taking him deeply into her mouth. 
Soon Ferguson was hard and ready to please his demanding 
mother.
      Ferguson climbed on the bed and got between his mother's 
parted legs. Kneeling, cock in hand, Ferguson aimed his 
throbbing boner at his mother's awaiting pussy. He edged forward 
sinking the tip of his cock into his mother's warm folds. He 
pushed in inch by inch until he was balls deep into his mother's 
cunt. He withdrew slowly then slammed forward into the velvety 
folds. He picked up the pace. He could feel the scorching juices of 
his mother's cunt soak his cock. 
      Clarissa pushed her mother and brother over to the edge of the 
bed and lay beside her mother. She started kissing her mother 
hard. Ferguson leaned forward placing his whole bodyweight on 
top of his mother. He massaged her breasts as he kept up his hard 
strokes. Clarissa continued to kiss her mother, their tongues 
swirling around in an incestuous wrestling match. 
      Marshall decided to join the Darling family orgy. He grabbed 
his daughter by her slender waist and rolled her from her side 
onto her back. He got on top of her and shoved his mighty cock 
into her teen pussy. Clarissa let out a yelp. She soon caught up to 
her father's rhythm and was fucking him furiously with her hips.  
Soon all were at the same rhythm.
      Ferguson felt his balls tighten as his mother screamed out in 
orgasmic glory. He pumped harder and harder. He shot his wad 
deep into the womb that had birthed him fourteen years ago. He 
kept pumping as his cum drained out of his mother's cunt and 
onto the bed. Marshall felt his own orgasm brewing. He kept 
pumping. 
      Clarissa felt her pussy churn and explode into a glorious 
orgasm, "Come inside of me daddy pleeeaaassssseee!!! Don't 
worry, I've been on the pill for a while now. Come insiiidddeeee 
offf meeeee!!!!!"
      Marshall pumped harder, his balls slapping against his 
daughter's ass turning the flesh pink. He groaned as a stream of 
his white goo shot deep into his little girl's cunt. As he slowed to a 
dribble, Clarissa kept pumping her hips toward him until his dick 
turned limp and plopped out of her cunt. Ferguson, collapsed onto 
his mother's chest, leaned over to meet Clarissa for a kiss.

                                THE END FOR NOW



PAGE  


