Archive-name: 3plus/classrm.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Classroom


	Jim walked into his classroom the first day of classes, and 
promptly turned around.  Everyone was a girl!  He began to 
think that he was in the wrong place, so he left the room - or 
tried to at least.  The teacher called after him, "Can I help you?"
	Jim shrugged as everyone in the room looked right at 
him.  "I'm looking for room 306," he said.
	The teacher, a pretty TA, waved him in.  "Come in," she 
said. "This is it." 
	Jim walked in, and shuddered as all of those eyes 
watched his every movement.  As he walked up the stairs, he 
made eye contact with a few of the girls who stared at him.  
About halfway up, he noticed one girl who had the eraser of her 
pencil in her mouth.  Her eyes never strayed from his, as she 
snaked her tongue around the red eraser, her saliva causing it 
to shine in the flourescent light.  Jim gulped, and continued 
onward to the back.  As he passed her row, he heared her giggle 
with her friends behind his back.
	Jim decided he didn't want to be conspicuous, so he 
moved in the very last row.  There were two girls there, and 
they offered the seat between them to him.  He accepted, and 
sat down between them.  The one on the right introduced 
herself as Rhonda, and the one on the left told him that she was 
Kristen. Soon, Jim found out that they were best friends, and did 
EVERYTHING together. He wasn't quite sure what they meant by 
that; whether or not they were teasing, or proposing, he couldn't 
tell.
	Then, Rhonda dropped her pencil.  It rolled between Jim's 
legs, and he started to bend over to get it, when she stopped 
him.  "Oh, no.  That's ok. I'll get it."  She placed her left hand on 
Jim's thigh, and reached over to get the pencil with her free 
hand.  Her breasts brushed against his knee, and she squeezed 
his thigh.  Jim knew his imagination was taking over, and he 
knew that his underwear seemed awfully tight.
	Rhonda sat up, and smiled at Jim.  Then, without saying 
anything else, she went back to taking notes, as if nothing had 
happened.  Jim started retaking notes, and trying as hard as he 
could to concentrate on what the TA was saying. Just then, he 
saw a pencil fly over his leg again, this time from the left. 
Kristen smiled sheepishly and said that she would get it.  She 
placed her hand even higher up on Jim's leg, and bent over to 
get her pencil.  This time, she mleaned on his leg, and one 
breast fell on either side of his knee.  As she sat up, her hand 
'slipped,' and stroked his hard prick through the fabric.
	Poor Jim.  His was both relieved and frustrated as she 
touched him so briefly.  He honestly thought he was going to 
split his jeans.  That's when Rhonda leaned over to him.  "Did 
she touch you?"
	Jim looked at her, but before he could say anything, 
Kristen retorted, "Yes.  I put my hand on his leg to get my 
pencil."
	"I don't know.  I thought you put your hand here."  With 
that, she reached down between his legs, and placed her palm 
on his fly, and applied a little pressure.  Jim began to grow very 
uncomfortable, and tried not to fidget in his chair.
	"Right here?"  Kristen moved Rhonda's hand and replaced 
it with her own. This time, however, she began to stroke him 
through the denim fabric. 
	"Yeah.  Right there."  Then it was Rhonda's hand again, 
rubbing him up and down through the jeans.  "However," she 
said.  "I think you should do it right, if you are going to do it at 
all."
	"What do you mean?" asked Kristen.
	"Watch and learn," Rhonda said.  She deftly unzipped 
Jim's fly, and released his swolen member from his underwear.  
Her hand swiftly yet gently stroked him up and down.  Jim, for 
his part, could not believe what was going on.  However, he 
wasn't about to stop either one of them now.  He was too horny.
	Kristen appeared to watch with keen interest.  "Oh, I see 
now.  You mean I have to perfect my up and down motion, like 
this."  She took Jim's hand, and placed it on her own slit, after 
lifting up her miniskirt, and moving his hand up and down.
	Rhonda smiled widely.  "Exactly!" she whispered.  She 
then took his other hand, and did the same.  Jim got the idea, 
and slipped his hands underneath their panties, and fingered 
their slits.  Kristen reached between his thighs, and began to 
stroke his balls.  Rhonda's hand was still stroking him, as the TA 
droned on in the front of the class.
	Kristen and Rhonda's hands switched places, so that 
Rhonda was now kneading his balls and Kristen was pumping 
him with her hand.  Jim's eyes began to roll back into his head, 
and his breathing grew heavy.  Rhonda leaned over to whisper 
to Kristen.
	"Do you want it?  'Cause if you don't I do."
	Kristen looked back at her best friend.  "No, I like this 
just the way it is.  You can have him."  Rhonda smiled, and 
mouthed the words 'Thank you' to Kristen.  Kristen smiled back, 
and leaned her head back against the wall. Jim's fingers were 
mesmerizing her, and she was on the brink of coming.  It was 
all she could do to prevent herself from screaming out loud.
	Rhonda never moved back to her seat.  Instead, she 
lowered her head, and took his member into her mouth.  Her 
warm, moist mouth took Jim by  surprise, and he opened his 
mouth quickly, the shut it just as quickly, so as not to alert 
anyone.  He could feel the rushing sensation from his balls, and 
looked down to see exactly what was going on.  He saw Kristen's 
hand pumping him into Rhonda's mouth, with Rhonda 
carressing his balls.  The sight was to much for him.  He began 
to squirt his load into Rhonda's mouth.  Rhonda's sucking grew 
insistent, as did her carressing.  Kristen also sensed his coming, 
and began to pump him faster, forcing the come into her best 
friend's mouth.
	When Jim was completely dry, Rhonda sat up, and a small 
amount of come ran from her lip.  Kristen leaned over, and 
wiped it with her finger, and then promptly put it in her mouth.  
Jim wanted to return the favor, and he began working on the 
two girls.  Kristen was a lot farther along than Rhonda, and 
came quickly.  Jim could feel her pussy muscles contract about 
his fingers, almost trying to draw them further and further into 
her.  As she finished, she let out a small whimper.
	Rhonda came soon after, her hands grasping the armrests 
of the chair in order to keep under control.  Her knuckles 
turned bleach white as the full force of her orgasm hit her, and 
then she collapsed in her chair as it subsided.  Her chest heaved 
from the effort to keep quiet, or from the orgasm itself.  It was 
hard to tell.  Just then, the bell rang.  Quickly, all three adjusted 
their clothing, and Kristen and Rhonda invited Jim back to their 
room for a study session.

--
