                                CLASSIFIED
                                ----------
     
     
                      Wanted:  Young   guy  to  help
                      increase couple's knowledge of
                      scene. Ideas welcome. Box 3428

     
     Andy quickly  scribbled down the box number and then read through
     the rest  of the  ads in  CAPITAL GAY, but could see nothing else
     ofinterest in  the paper  apart from  the fact  that there  was a
     Bette Davis  movie on  at the weekend He tossed the paper in with
     the rest  of the trash and sat down to compose his letter to this
     obviously inexperienced twosome who, hopefully, would soon become
     a very "active" threesome. He posted the letter and after a quick
     pint in  the local  "poofs paradise" he made his way home via the
     local cottage.
     
     Andy was  not one  of those people who would vehemently deny that
     he had  never cottaged,  he enjoyed  it all too much for that. As
     his eyes  adjusted the  to gloom  he noticed  a  tall  figure  in
     leather standing  in the  darkest corner. He positioned himself a
     couple  of   feet  away   from  the  guy  just  in  case  of  any
     misunderstanding on  either part.  He stood  quietly for a second
     assessing the   situation  From   the leatherman's    stance  and
     almost imperceptible  hand movements  Andy knew  that his initial
     impression had been correct.
     
     Andy gradually  edged his way towards the figure, who at six feet
     and with  a black beard made an impressive sight. As Andy glanced
     down he  saw something hich would be frightning to anyone but the
     fainthearted. The  man realising that he was being observed moved
     his hand  to give Andy a better view, at the same time giving him
     an encouraging  smile. By  now Andy  was rock  hard and slowly he
     released all  eight inches to allow his compatriot a good look at
     what he  could offer.  As the  leatherman's  hand  moved  towards
     Andy's crotch, Andy took a step closer to allow easier access.
     
     At this  the man  withdrew his  other hand  from his own cock and
     allowed a  good ten  inches to stand freely. As Andy grabbed hold
     of this  throbbing flesh  the man  whispered "Have you a place, a
     cock like  yours is too good to waste in this place". Andy nodded
     quickly and  the two  men zipped up and hastily left the cottage.
     Within ten  minutes they  had reached  Andy's  house  and  having
     passed the  common civilities  on the way back they made straight
     for the bedroom, forgoing even the customary cup of coffee.
     
     As the  leatherman stood  by the  side of the bed Andy could feel
     his dick  harden and  his balls  tighten. He  gasped "please take
     your clothes off". The leather fitted the man like a second skin.
     He sat  on the edge of the bed and slowly enlaced his boots. Next
     he took  of his leather jacket revealing a pristine white T shirt
     from which,  at the  neck, sprouted  a growth  of black hair. The
     skin tight  trousers were next and within seconds they joined the
     jacket on the floor.
     
     Andy groaned  as he admired the man's cock which by now was fully
     erect. His balls were tight, helped by the glistening cockring he
     wore. Andy tore off his own clothes and when he was totally naked
     he pulled  off his  partner's T-shirt. The two men made their way
     towards each  other and  swiftly embraced.  Andy could  feel  the
     man's rough  body hair against his own smooth chest and could not
     contain a  shudder of  delight. Andy quickly made his way down to
     chest level  where he  found two erect nipples. With his mouth he
     nibbled on one and toyed with the other with his hand.
     
     At this  the man  moaned and  pulled Andy  on to the bed. The man
     grabbed at  Andy's head  and pulled  him down  to his  cock. Andy
     looked up  and saw  the man  smiling encouragingly.  Without  any
     hesitation Andy started at the tip of the man's cock which by now
     was glistening  with pre-cum.  He then  started to lick the shaft
     gradually making  his way  to the mans tight balls. Greedily Andy
     caressed the  mans balls with his toungue ocassionaly nipping the
     skin of  his ball bag with his teeth, not painfully but with just
     enough force to cause pleasure.
     
     The man  growled softly  "Turn round".  Andy did  so displaying a
     tight white  ass. The  mans head  came down to Andys ass and with
     practiced hands  seperated the  cheeks, without  any  warning  he
     plunged his  tongue into  Andys asshole. Andy groaned as the mans
     tongue deftly  darted in and out of his hole at times plunging in
     deeper than anyone had before. Andys hand went quickly to his own
     cock which  was screaming  for attention.  Noticing this  the man
     turned Andy  over and  moved his  tongue from  ass to dick. Andys
     eight inches  were straining  and as  the mans mouth engulfed his
     cock it seemed to grow another couple of inches.
     
     The man  reached for his tool and in harmony sucked and pumped at
     the eighteen  inches that were on offer at that time. As the mans
     movements quickened  Andy slipped  his cock from the accomadating
     mouth and moaned "Fuck me".
     
     The man  immediately took  his  hand  off  his  cock  and  winked
     knowingly at  Andy and  asked "What  position". Without answering
     Andy positioned  himself in  such a  way that  left the man in no
     doubt that his partner was about to sit on his dick, which by now
     was like a rod of iron. He spat into his hand and moistened Andys
     already well  lubricated  asshole.  Inch  by  inch  Andy  lowered
     himself onto the mans cock. When he had taken it all he started a
     rythmic motion  virtually impaling  himself on the mans rock hard
     ten inches.
     
     He plunged and dipped furiously taking every inch, the man arched
     his back to give andy the full length of his dick. The man placed
     one of  Andys hands  on his  nipple which Andy pulled and teased.
     The man  then took  hold of Andys cock and pumped rapidly as Andy
     continued to  rock back  and forth  on his  mates cock  savouring
     every inch that filled him to the hilt.
     
     The two mens movements became more rapid and they could both tell
     that both  of them  were on the brink of cumming. As Andy slid up
     and down  the straining  cock the  man started  to  breathe  more
     heavily and  moaned "I'm  going to  cum baby".  Andy  desperately
     wanted to  see the  mans spunk  shoot from  his cock  so he eased
     himself off  the mans  cock and together both men grabbed hold of
     each others dicks and within seconds a stream of white-hot, thick
     cum shot  into the  air from  both massive cocks. Both men pumped
     furiously eager to make sure each was dry. Finally when both were
     spent they lay back and smiled knowingly at each other.
     
     Andy arose  and asked  "Would you  like that coffee now?" The man
     answered "No,  I must  go. I've  got a  lover at home who will be
     waiting". At  that Andy  smiled and  said "Well you never know we
     may meet again."
