          This encounter was the result of my answering an ad placed by a
Frankfurt couple in a contact magazine.  They were looking for male or female
sex slaves or couples.  I was staying alone in Frankfurt on a business trip,
so I thought, "what the hell?  I'll give it try."  I gave them a call and
arranged to meet them one Saturday afternoon.

          Claudia is not a real young woman, probably between 35 and 40,
perfect age for her role.  She seemed to be well educated, and spoke faultless
English (my German is not perfect, by any means). She is a tall woman, with
blonde hair that was pulled up tight and fastened in kind of a bun on the top
of her head.  She was darkly tanned, and had an athletic look.  She is
definitely a dominant female.  Michael is even younger, maybe in his twenties,
good- looking, but did not take an active part in any of this.  He was more
like her servant.  What followed will probably seem like some wild fantasy to
you, but I can assure you that "it happened to me".

          First they gave me a glass of wine, put some music on, and we
talked.  Claudia told me that I would have to tell them in advance exactly
where I would draw the line, that is, what things were just too extreme.
Because, she said, once we were in the Studio, I wouldn't have any further
choice.  She was quite nice, but also quite serious.  In the Studio, I was
told, I would not refer to her by name, only by the title Mistress Domina or
Madame Domina.  I let them know that I was a beginner at this, but I wanted
the full experience. They assured me that while there would be pain, there
would be no injury.  That was enough to satisfy me.

          I was taken into the Studio, which had no windows and was lit only
by numerous candles.  It was a room filled with the tools (or toys) of the
trade.  Harnesses, stools, whips, chains, dozens of dildos in a wide array of
shapes and sizes.  There was even a collection of English willow
schoolmaster's canes (those things sting like fire).  I can imagine this room
would be a dream-come-true to some, a nightmare-come-alive to others.  By this
time, I was beginning to have serious doubts about what I'd gotten into.

          I was instructed by Claudia to undress completely, she would be back
in several minutes, and I was to remember not to address her by her name.  She
left me alone, and I did exactly as she asked.  Then I waited.  Before long,
my Mistress returned.  She had completely changed clothes, and now wore a
black leather corset, black gloves, no hose, but with tall spike heels (and I
kid you not). She was beautiful.  She had loosened her long blond hair, and it
fell well below her shoulders.  In her hand she carried a black riding crop.

          "Are you ready?", I was asked.

          "Yes", I replied.

          "Yes, WHAT?", she demanded.

          "Yes, Madame Domina!", I said.

          "Good", was her reply, "do you like what I'm wearing?"

          "Yes, Madame Domina".

          "What is this?", she asked, firmly striking my penis with the riding
crop.

          "My dick, Madame Domina".

          "Your what?"

          "My dick, Madame Domina".

          "That's not a dick", she said, "I call it a shit-thing." "What is
this?", she asked again, and gave my penis another firm blow.

          "My shit-thing".

          "Good, you learn fast", she said, but not smiling.  I replied,
"Thank you Madame Domina".

          "What do you do with that shit-thing?", my Madame asked me.

          Confused, I could think of nothing to say.  "Answer!", she said.
All I could think of was, "I use it to fuck".

          "I don't think so", she said, "It's not big enough or hard enough.
Make it hard!"  So I began to masturbate myself into an erection.  "Do not
come, do you understand?", she said, "I will tell you when you can come."
When I was just about to shoot accidentally, she cried, "Enough!"  Then she
said, "Get down on your knees".  I obeyed.  Then, still standing, she turned
her back toward me, placing her shoes about two feet apart.  "Lick my feet",
she demanded.  I began to lick her black leather shoes and the nearly 4 inch
heels. She was trying to find out if I had a shoe or foot fetish, I believe
(and, incidentally, I do).  After a few minutes of this she stopped me.

          "Steh auf! (Stand up!), follow me", she said, and led me to a device
that resembled a cross fastened to the wall.  She shackled me into a
spread-eagled position, and believe me, I was completely helpless there; I
could not have escaped.  Then she went to a table nearby and begin to pick up
small clips and weights, which she began to apply to my balls, my nipples, and
the shaft of my cock.  She kept saying things to me, but I was in so much
pain, I really don't remember what she said.  Did I enjoy this?  I guess I
have to say, yes I did.  It was definitely a new sensation to me.

          She then stepped back to admire her work.  Then she took her crop
and began to jiggle the weights, to make me squirm a little and took a picture
of me.  She waited for a few minutes, peeled the backing off the photo, and
held it up for me to see.  "If you're good, I'll let you keep this.  Would you
like that?"

          "Yes, Madame Claudia", I replied.  Suddenly she struck me across the
thighs with her whip, screaming, "You will not address me by name!  Is that
clear?"

          "Yes, Madame Domina", I answered.

          I was then unfastened from the cross, but the clips and weights were
left on.  My Madame said, "Let's show Michael".  I followed her out of the
Studio and into the living room of the house, where Michael was sitting on a
couch.  He seemed real pleased to see me in this predicament.  I was, of
course, properly humbled by being put on display like this.  "Jump!", Claudia
said.  I jumped.  Yes, it felt about like you can imagine.  "Again!...
Again!...Again!" Finally, I was led back to the Studio, where the little
implements of torture were removed.  This hurt the worst, as the blood rushed
back into the clipped skin.  Ouch!

          Next I was taken to the saw-horse-like device and shown how to mount
it.  There was a hole in the leather padded top that allowed my dick to be
exposed from underneath. I was again tightly bound.  I didn't know what was
coming next, until she approached the table on which the dildos were arranged.
She finally selected a small one and brought it to me, holding it in front of
my face.  "Guess what I'm going to do with this?", she asked.  I didn't have
to guess.  I'm just thankful that she had plenty of K-Y on hand.  She
lubricated the dildo and gently inserted it into my anus, testing the
resistance that she was going to meet.  I'm no stranger to anal sex, so it was
an easy entry, and she said, "Oh, it's not your first time, is it? Let's get a
bigger Schwanz (German for cock, a "gummi Schwanz" is a rubber cock, or
dildo).  So she selected one that was not only longer (about 8 inches) but
thicker as well.  She gave me quite a fucking with this one, then got another
that was even larger.  We went through 5 or 6 dildos, and I was stretched to
new dimensions.  She was never rough, though, and I didn't feel in any danger,
I just enjoyed it.  Every few minutes she would reach under the stool to see
if I was hard.  I was like a flagpole.

          "You've had your pleasure, now you must pay for it", my Mistress
announced, "we're going to see how much pain you can endure."  She walked to
the rack where all the whips, paddles, and canes were kept.  After making a
careful selection, she returned and instructed me that I would count from one
to ten, each count would be one blow.  I could count only in German, and if I
missed a count, we would have to start over.  Did I understand?  "Yes, Madame
Domina".

          The whip fell.  "Eins!", I cried.  Again, this time a little harder.
"Zwei!"  A third time, even harder.  "Drei!"  Now I understood, each lash
would be harder than the preceding.  She was using the waver in my voice to
gauge my pain.  After an irregular delay, the fourth blow. "Vier!"  She would
vary the rhythm, causing me to feel suspense.  Sometimes she would lay the
whip on my red ass for several seconds, then suddenly draw it back, and then
withhold the blow.  The anticipation would almost make me cry out.  We
continued through the sequence.  "Fuenf!...Sechs!...Sieben!"  She was an
excellent flogger.  "Acht!...Neun!"...and, finally, "Zehn!"  By this time, I
was about to choke up, but I remembered her warning that should I miss a
count, we would begin again.  But she wasn't finished with me.  Back to the
rack, for another "Peitsche", or whip.  Then begin again at number eins.  This
went on until I'd felt the sting of most of her whips, including her
cat-o-nine, and the dreaded schoolmaster's canes.  "Very good!", she announced
when she was at last satisfied, "you've done better than most, I shall give
you what you want."

          "Thank you, Madame Domina".

          I was released and taken to another leather covered table that was
built like the thing you sit on in a doctor's office, (or bend over, depending
on your complaint).  I was made to lie on this, on my back and again bound
hand and foot.  My Madame then took what I believe to be alcohol and began to
rub it all over my genitals.  It was very cold, and unpleasant, because it
burned like hell where those clamps had been placed on my cock and balls.  She
then asked me, "have you ever been told by a doctor that you have any type of
heart problem?"  "No, Madame Claudia".  "Then I want you to breathe something
for me, it's going to make you feel strange, if it's too unpleasant, let me
know."  She then held a bottle of Rush to each of my nostrils in turn.  I'm
sure you know what Rush is.  Then she took a candle from it's holder and held
it over my cock.  I began to be a little bit scared.  She wouldn't set that
alcohol on fire, or would she?  I didn't ask for that!  She knew what I was
thinking, because she was playing with my fear.  Then she tilted the candle
and let the hot wax drip onto the underside of my cock.  It hurt but not too
terribly, maybe because of the Rush, or maybe the alcohol she rubbed on me.
She wanted me to enjoy the sensation.  She would drip a little bit, wait, and
then drip a little more.  Like I said, not all bad.  Finally this little game,
too, was finished.

          I was again released and taken to a large leather chair and told to
kneel in front of it.  Madame Claudia stood behind me where I couldn't see
her.  I could hear her removing her clothes.  When she came around me and took
a seat in the chair, I could see that she had removed her corset and gloves,
and wore only those incredibly sexy heels.  Spreading her legs, she placed the
fingers of both hands on her pink cunt lips and spread them so that I could
see into her wet snatch.  She was completely shaven!  "You will eat me", she
commanded.  I didn't wait.  She was so fragrant and delicious.  She gave me
instructions while I licked her.  I would be told to lick slowly, then
slightly faster, slower again, harder or deeper.  I did my best to please my
Mistress.  After many minutes of this ecstasy, she stopped me and turned over
in the chair so that her ass was thrust toward me.  She wanted her asshole
rimmed.  I was ready and willing.  I couldn't believe that this beautiful
woman wanted my tongue in her shit-hole.  I licked and kissed that wonderful
ass.  It was intensely pleasurable!  But this was not the Finale.

          "You lick me well", she said after what seemed to be a very long
time, "I've had enough for now".  She turned back over and sat facing me in
the chair.   "Lick my feet again", she instructed me.  I began to lick those
marvelous shoes again.  "How would you like to remove my shoes?", she
inquired.  "May I, Mistress?", I asked eagerly.  "Yes, you may".  Slowly and
carefully, I took each exquisite ankle in one hand, and slipped each shoe off
with the other.  I don't know if you have the slightest inclination toward
women's feet, but believe me when I say that my Madame has the most delicately
beautiful peds I've ever seen, and she knew it.  I don't want to dwell on my
particular fetish too much, but her nails looked like they could have been
professionally pedicured, and were neatly painted in a bold shade of red.  The
skin of her feet was smooth and looked well cared for, and they were clean.
"Lick them", she repeated softly.  I licked every inch of her feet, gently
between the toes, sucking each of those highly sensitive little parts of her
body.  I'm sure she was enjoying every caress of my tongue.  She had me lick
her ankles, and further up her legs.  But she wanted me to concentrate on her
feet.

          After I'd tongue bathed most of her lower body, she said, "Give me
your cock."  I rose up on my knees and thrust my rigid cock toward her.  She
began to rub it with her bare feet.  I was ready to shoot any minute, and I
guess it showed because she said, "If you come, you will have to clean it up,
do you understand?"  My answer was, of course, "Yes, Mistress".  She kept
massaging my cock and balls with her lovely feet until finally, I just
couldn't hold it.  I had an explosive eruption, shooting my semen all over her
feet. After all that, the relief was incredible.  She waited until my orgasm
had subsided and then firmly asked me, "You remember what I told you, don't
you?"  I said, "Yes, Madame Domina, I must clean up after myself".  When I
began to look around for a tissue or something, she said, "You'll use your
tongue".  So that's how it ended; with me licking my own thick spunk from
Madame Claudia's feet and floor, and loving it.


