
                              " The Clinic "

                             By Karen Masters

My throat was dry as I approached the door to the clinic. I wondered what it
would be like, would it be cold and clinical or warm and sensual, would there
be a lot of people around, would I be alone, what would it be like.

I opened the door, and stepped inside, I was in a reception area that was
empty except for a receptionist. I hesitated a moment and then she looked up
from her work and asked me if she could help me. I told her my name and she
looked in a book and said that the doctor would be with me shortly and would I
please have a seat. I sat down and picked up a magazine and leafed aimlessly
through it, my mine racing on what lay ahead, I could hear soft music playing
over the speakers, and the air was heavy with the usual scent of a doctors
office. As my mind wondered I was startled to hear my name being called... I
looked up and a young lady in the white uniform of a nurse was holding the
door open and asking me to follow her. I stood, took a deep breath and
followed her down a hall, walking past several examination rooms, finally she
stopped, told me to go in,and sit on the table. She took my blood pressure,
asked me a few questions about my past medical history, then said the doctor
would be in shortly.

I sat there for what seemed like the longest time, when finally I heard a soft
knock at the door, the door opened and in stepped a young man, in his early
thirties. He introduced himself as Dr. Snyder, we exchanged a few pleasantries
and then he asked me what I knew about the research they were doing, I said
not much, just that the ad had alluded to research into feminine sexuality. He
said that was correct insofar as it went. He said more specifically they were
doing research into various methods of women achieving orgasm, and measuring
the speed, intensity, and subjective feelings the woman was experiencing
during the buildup to orgasm and during the actual orgasm. He went onto
explain that the various methods they would be comparing were masturbation by
the subject, masturbation using a vibrator, induced by the doctor using
clitoral massage, plus a new method they were testing called
electro-stimulation. He must have seen my reaction when he mentioned
electro-stimulation, because he said, " I can see you have a question about
electro-stimulation." I said  yes, and that I had never heard of it before. He
said it held great promise in their studies so far it appeared to be a very
pleasant and efficient way to induce an orgasm. He told me that if I decided
to proceed, he would explain it in greater detail to me at that time.

My mind reeled, what had I gotten myself into, it all seemed legitimate
enough, and I had come this far, should I get up and head for the door, or
should I stay, after all could it be so bad, getting paid for enjoying
orgasms, but would I be able to come with some stranger watching me, touching
me, in ways and places only special people had ever touched me before. I
hesitated only a moment before I heard my voice saying, I guess I want to be
a part of your experiments.

The doctor said he was glad that I had decided to take part, he said he would
leave for a few bit and that I could put on a gown and lie on the examining
table and he would return in a moment. He left and I began to undress, I
slipped my blouse off and quickly unzipped and took my slacks off, I looked
down at my breasts, wondering what the doctor would think of them, I had
always thought they were cute breasts, medium sized with nicely shaped
nipples, well no time to wonder now, I figured I had better get the gown on so
I slipped my panties off, slipped on the gown and got onto the table. The
table was cool on my back as I lay back. It seemed like only a few minutes
before I hear the door open and the doctor returned. He stepped along side the
table and did the normal physical exam, checking my heart, listening to my
lungs, looking into my eyes, nose, ears and throat. Then he told me to put my
feet into the stirrups that he was putting on the table, he took each foot and
lifted it into place, then told me to scoot down so my bottom was right at the
edge of the table, there was a video camera on an adjustable arm suspended
from the ceiling over the table and a bit to one side, the doctor reached up
and pulled it down and positioned it so it was right above his shoulder and
aimed right at my genital area and as he did so I could see my lower abdomen
and vulva appear in the monitor, the doctor turned on a light and adjusted it
so it illuminated my genitals, the warmth from the lamp felt good.

He quickly slipped on a pair of latex exam gloves and I could both see and
feel as he placed his fingers on the lips of my vulva and spread them apart. I
had never looked at myself like this and was surprised by the moist pinkness
of my inner lips, as he spread them wide exposing my vaginal orifice. His
finger pushed upwards and my clitoris slipped from under its hiding place as
his fingers continued to open and massage me as he examined every fold of my
vulva. He took his fingers from my vulva and I could see him picking up a tube
of lubricant from the table that was beside him, I know he was getting ready
to examine me internally. I watched fascinated as he squirted a generous
amount of lubricant onto his fingers and then before I had time to savor the
moment I could hear his soft voice telling me to relax, at the same time I
felt the coolness of the lubricant, as his fingers eased themselves into my
vagina, I relaxed my lower abdomen and breathed deeply  and I must confess it
was a bit uncomfortable for a moment until I adjusted to the sudden intrusion,
he placed his other hand on my abdomen and I knew he was checking my ovaries
and uterus. Then as suddenly as they had entered his fingers were withdrawn,
and I was empty again.

He wiped my lips dry with a tissue and stripped off his gloves and came around
to the side of the table. He told me everything looked fine with my physical
and if I was sure I wanted to proceed he would explain the details of
electro-stimulation to me. Well with his ministrations during my exam I was
sufficiently aroused that I was in no mood to back out now. I nodded my head
that I wanted to go ahead. He said he would step out of the room and get the
equipment and then he could show me the equipment as he explained the
procedure to me. He left and in what seemed like only seconds returned with a
small box and attached to the box by a electrical cable was what looked like
some sort of probe.

He pulled a chair up next to the table I was lying on and started telling me
about the electro-stimulation procedure. I listened with eager ears as he
explained that the procedure consisted of inserting a small electronic probe
in to the woman's rectum and which then delivered a small current to her
uterus and entire genital region. He went on to explain that this caused the
muscles surrounding the entrance to the vagina and the entire valvular region
to contract slightly. And that the rhythmically pulsing of this current would
cause a women to rapidly archive an orgasm. He went on to explain that the
procedure had first been discovered and used in artificial insemination of
cattle and sheep. They invented and perfected the equipment while researching
ways to collect semen from bulls and rams. It seems that when the probe is
inserted into the rectum of the bull or ram, and a rhythmic stimulation is
given the animal develops an erection and then ejaculates quite readily.
Apparently the animals would even look forward to the treatment as evidenced
by their having erections before the collection was even started.

I wondered if he could see my breath becoming deeper as he told me about the
procedure, if he did he certainly didn't let on. He held the box up in front
of me and I could see that it had two knobs on it with a meter of some sort.
This is the heart of the stimulator he was saying, this knob controls the
maximum intensity of the stimulation, it is what is known as a step control in
that there are ranges, each more powerful then the previous. And this knob
enables me to gradually apply the stimulation and increase the intensity to
the maximum allowed in each range. What we usually do is start out on the
lowest range and deliver several stimulations at that range and then slowly
increase upward through the ranges, depending on the subjects reaction. I
guess he could see the puzzled look on my face at that statement, because he
went on to explain that some women react much more strongly to the stimulator
then others, some orgasm quite readily and others take a bit more teasing
before they achieve orgasms. He said he could tell what effect the
stimulations were having on the subject by observing their genitals, listening
to their breathing, etc.  Plus some women would verbalize what they were
feeling and what they needed, such as whether they wanted him to hold the
stimulation on a bit longer or wanted it a bit harder or a slower rhythm or a
faster one. Then he showed me the probe, the thing was black about an inch in
diameter and about 5 inches in length. and had two silver electrodes running
the length of it. He said they inserted the probe into the woman's rectum with
the electrodes positioned upwards so they stimulated her uterus and vaginal
area. This minimized any stimulation of the spinal area which tended to cause
the leg muscles to contract.

He asked me if I had any questions before we started, and I asked him what the
contractions felt like, He said it had been described my most women as a
tingling sensation, with an urge to bear down. He reassured me that anytime
during the procedure if I was uncomfortable or wanted to stop all I had to do
was say so and he would stop the stimulations immediately, but that all the
women so far had been very pleased with the experience. He said well if you
have no more questions why don't we get started. He moved down to the end of
the table between my opened legs which were still in the stirrups, and seated
himself on a stool, placing the stimulator on the table next to him. I could
see him once again pick up the tube of lubricant and apply a generous gob to
the probe. I heard his voice saying "I am going to insert the probe now, bear
down, and relax". I felt his fingers spreading my cheeks apart and felt the
coolness of the lubricated probe against my anus. "Breath deeply" I heard him
saying and felt the probe pressing inward. I gasped a bit as I felt myself
stretching to accommodate its size, I could see it slipping into me in the
monitor above, it was about 2/3's of the way in and I had never been filled
like this before. Just a little bit more I could hear him saying in his
reassuring voice, "just breath deeply", then as if by magic I felt my anus
clamp down over the smaller diameter of the cable and knew the probe was fully
inside of me. I felt the urge to bear down, at the same time I hear him saying
"you are probably feeling like you need to expel the probe aren't you." I
gasped a "yes", and he said "just hold on a second and when I give you the
first stimulation that urge will pass." I looked down, I could see my whole
genital area in the monitor, my spread lips and the black cable disappearing
inside of me.

"Alright I am going to deliver the first stimulation, it will be a small one
just to get you used to the sensation, and to settle the probe in."  No sooner
had the words came out of his mouth when I felt a tiny tingle deep in my
belly, and felt my anus contract, a small gasp escaped my lips at the
suddenness and feeling associated with that first pulse. It started so
suddenly and then as suddenly as it started it was gone, and the urge to expel
the probe was noticeably lessened. "There that wasn't so bad was it", he asked
in a way that I could tell he didn't expect a reply.

Alright now we will get started for real, are you ready? Just try to forget I
am here, relax and enjoy your experience, if you want a stimulation to be
longer or firmer or the interval between stimulations to be shorter or longer,
just whisper to me and I will abide by your wishes, only you know what you are
feeling. Or if you want me to be totally in control that is alright also, he
told me. I nodded my approval and closed my eyes.

I lay there in that office, with a probe in my rectum, waiting for what lay
ahead. Then it was upon me, I felt the tingle inside me, my anus contract, the
stimulation grew in intensity as the doctor rotated the power dial, and I was
aware of a tingling down the backs of my thighs. I felt my vulva swelling as a
rapid sense of arousal rushed over me. Then the stimulation relaxed as he
rotated the knob back. "Very good", I heard him saying, then I felt the tingle
and the grip of the stimulation again. The slow rise as I felt the blood
filling my tissues making them sensitive to the slightest touch. I could feel
my lips spreading as my clitoris swelled and emerged from beneath it's hood,
and my inner lips engorged with blood. I sensed a urge to thrust upward to
intensify the feeling but I resisted, wanting the doctor to be in control,
wanting to abandon myself totally. I fought to retain my slow breathing, and
to keep my abdomen relaxed as I knew that would intensify the feelings I was
experiencing.

Somehow I never expected it would be like this, happen so quickly, I was not
worrying about the doctor being here watching me, I was just abandoning myself
to the delightful sensations the probe was eliciting from within me. I lay
there trying to relax, not to rush what I knew then was the undoubtedly the
ultimate conclusion. There was no doubt in my mind as to whether I would be
able to achieve orgasm through this method, with each stimulation the doctor
administered I was moving farther along the blessed climb to the peak when I
would slip over the edge. I could feel the intensity growing stronger, more
insistent, controlling me longer, feeling my anus contract tightly around the
cable, my lips, and clitoris swell as body reacted to the delightful rhythmic
pulse. I felt so open, so wet, I was rapidly developing an empty feeling deep
inside of me, an almost aching feeling inside my vagina, needing to be filled.
I have sometimes got this feeling when I was masturbating myself, and had
found that if I inserted my finger into my vagina and massaged the front wall
it would result in my rapidly coming to a climax.

Something drew me to open my eyes, I wanted to see myself in this aroused
state, and when I looked upward into the monitor I was not expecting to see
what I saw, my vulva was swollen almost to the bursting point, my lips spread,
my inner labia swollen and an almost fiery red in their arousal. A copious
stream of clear lubrication was oozing from within me, I never dreamed I could
produce so much lubrication, it was bathing my lips making them glisten in the
examining light. Then I heard a slight click and another stimulation gripped
me and I grunted as the peak grew quickly and surpassed the previous surges.
My belly was craving relief from this torment and I wanted to orgasm, I waited
for the peak to pass, but the stimulation didn't lessen, and I remained there,
for moments till I felt the grip lessen. I knew I was close, the urge to
thrust grew with each passing stimulation. I heard the Dr. whisper, "you can
thrust if you feel the need to", and when the next stimulation came I let
myself go and felt my buns contracting as my hips involuntarily thrust upward
searching for the fulfillment of penetration.  I almost shrieked at the
sensation that flooded upward as I responded to the urge to thrust, my feeling
were multiplied many times.

I remained there, legs rigid, hips thrust upward off the table as wave after
wave of orgasmic contractions cursed through me, far stronger and more intense
then anything I had ever known. I knew Dr. Snyder and the electro-stimulator
were in control of my orgasm, accentuating the intensity, and duration of my
contractions, and I hung there in that blissful state, a moan escaping my lips
from the delightfully exquisite sensations I was feeling in my genital area. I
don't know how long that orgasm lasted, but gradually the contractions
lessened in intensity, and length, and I sagged back to the table, totally
spent. I lay there, my breath coming in gasps from the tremendous orgasm I had
just experienced, other then my breathing the room was quite. I was totally
spent, I became aware of the doctor's voice telling me to bear down that he
was going to remove the probe and to relax, I relaxed my sphincter and felt a
tug as he pulled on the cable, then felt the probe slip free.

I lay there on the table recovering from my orgasm as the doctor busied
himself making some notes on a chart. Finally he finished and by that time I
had more or less recovered from what was one of the most wonderful orgasms I
had ever had, and he turned on his stool to face me and we talked a bit more.
He asked me if I would like to take the stimulator home with me to try on my
own. To which I quickly answered with an affirmative "Yes", I could think of
nothing I would rather do. He told me he would like for me to keep notes of my
experiences and feelings, which setting and techniques resulted in the most
pleasing sensations, etc. He also told me that on the way out to stop and make
an appointment for a couple of weeks and we could talk about my experiences on
my own and try another method.

With that he got up and said his farewells and headed out the door. I lay
there on the table a bit, reflecting on my visit, then got up used a kleenex
to dry myself a bit, then slipped on my panties, and dressed. I picked up my
friend for the next two weeks, tucked him under my arm, grabbed my purse,
opened the door and headed to the reception station.

I would like to tell you about my personal experiences with the machine, and
my other visits to the clinic but that will have to wait until another time.


