Clique
by deirdre

I watched her as she came into our dorm room.  My new roommate, 
assigned to me by the college.  Sarah was her name.  It took me just 
seconds to know everything about her--well, not everything, but a 
lot more than you might guess.  She was pretty enough, in fact she 
was attractive, with a great body.  But she was out of it--she was a 
social nobody.  She didn't know quite how to dress (and I saw her 
whole wardrobe as she unpacked), and when she talked, she was 
reticent--she rarely said more than monosyllables.  And there was 
something just a little bit weird about her.  In other words, she was 
just about exactly opposite of what I was going to be in college.

Now you might guess that I immediately planned to see if I could 
change roommates, to someone who was more in tune with the world 
and how it worked.  If you did, then I'd say you are showing your own 
prejudices--there is no rule that says someone who is conscious of 
their own social position has to be cold-blooded.  In fact, Sarah had 
proven to be willing to do me a favor even on that first day, and by 
all appearances was kind and without malice, and it didn't bother me 
at all to do her the favor of helping her improve her own social 
position.  In fact, if truth be told, I actually enjoyed the prospect of 
helping her redo her wardrobe and showing her the ropes.

One thing I was certain: college *wasn't* going to be like high 
school.  I was going to make sure of that.  In high school, I got to 
watch girls like Wendy Taylor and her friends hang out together and 
lord it over the rest of us, for no more reason than their group was 
the most popular at the school.  Well, Wendy was among the few kids 
from our high school I would have to face in college--mostly it 
would be all new people.  I was going to scope things out quickly, and 
establish my reputation before things fell into place.

On our first supper at the dining hall, I had my first chance to check 
out our upper-classmates.  Within two days, I had identified the 
group of the most popular girls, whom I watched unobtrusively.  My 
goal was clear: be accepted by them rather than whoever came to 
rule the freshman class.  That could come later.  I talked to Sarah 
about strategy--how to meet them and get to know them, but Sarah 
wasn't interested.  "A bunch of snobs," she said, disparagingly.  We 
ended up debating the worth of cultivating such friends, neither of 
us budging from our positions: she thought it a complete waste of 
time while I maintained ones social connections have a large effect 
on ones success.  But she was willing to go along with me working 
towards getting in their group.

I picked a girl named Hillary Stafford who was a senior, was 
obviously a member of the group in full standing, and seemed 
relatively friendly and approachable.  Sarah and I very carefully 
made sure we were immediately behind her in line at the dining hall, 
and I made a couple of casual comments to her.  After the second 
comment, she gave me this surprised look.  She also seemed to be 
amused which immediately put me on guard.  Perhaps I had 
misjudged and she wasn't as approachable as she appeared.  But I 
don't get flustered easily so I managed to remain casual and she was 
willing to trade a little small-talk.  After we were through the line, 
she headed over to her group's table and Sarah and I found our own 
table.  It wasn't much, but it was a start!  Sarah seemed amused by 
my efforts, but she was still willing to go along with things.

The next day, I managed to walk by Hillary between classes and I 
said a casual "hi", and she seemed taken up short, but after a split 
second she appeared to recognize me and she said "Oh, hi!"  She said 
it with such confidence that I immediately knew why she 
commanded such respect.  That night at dinner I wasn't silly enough 
to get in line next to her again, but I did manage to arrange it so we 
were walking past her when she got in line and I said "hi" to her 
again.  Everything remained casual, but I was more than pleased: less 
than a week into college and I was on the right road.

All this time I kept my eye on Wendy too.  She was already in the 
midst of a group of Freshmen girls who by all appearances looked 
like they were going to be the Freshman "popular crowd".  They all 
dressed well and all looked just as great as Wendy.  I couldn't help 
but be pleased as I thought about how things were going as I lay in 
bed at night.  She could *have* that crowd for the time being.

After a couple of more days of just an occasional (planned) 
encounter with Hillary, Sarah and I once again got in line right after 
her when we went in for supper.  While waiting in line I said "hi" and 
introduced Sarah and myself to her.  And we lucked out--she was 
willing to talk with us all through the line, and when we had our 
food, she actually asked if she could join us!  Hillary at our table!  
Actually, I would have preferred it if she had asked us to join her 
table, but I wasn't going to complain.  But I was surprised--it 
seemed like the unlikeliest thing for her to do.  I didn't let the 
opportunity go to waste--I carefully geared my conversation to the 
right balance of friendliness and respect.  Sarah didn't say much of 
anything and I did have a twinge of fear that she might be spoiling 
things.  But Hillary was amazingly friendly and perfectly willing to 
talk.  I realized that I had picked exactly the right one of the group 
to make friends with, but I almost wondered if she really belonged 
to that group!  Someone who so easily defected from a group didn't 
seem like they were a permanent member.  But I recalled watching 
Hillary with the others and I knew she was definitely at or near the 
top of its hierarchy.

Well the next day brought even more success: Sarah and I ran into 
Hillary between classes and she stopped to talk to us!  In fact, she 
did much more: she told us she and her friends had a "social club" and 
she invited us to join!  Sororities are banned at our school and some 
of the girls form less-formal, unofficial groups that they sometimes 
call social clubs.  I couldn't believe this!  Everything was going too 
well!  She told us she'd talk to us again about it and take us to a 
meeting if we were interested.

Sarah snorted with disgust when Hillary was out of earshot.  All 
that day I talked to her and I couldn't convince her it was worth 
anything to go with Hillary and me.  Actually, I wanted her to go--
even though I can put on a good act, it's always best to have moral 
support.  But she said she had better things to do with her time.

But I already knew that Sarah eventually always followed my lead.  
By the time we saw Hillary at supper, Sarah's refusal had turned to 
complaints about the time we were going to waste.  Hillary sought 
us out, brought up the subject again, and when we agreed, she told us 
she'd take us to a meeting that same night!  She even agreed to stop 
by our dorm room and pick us up!

I fretted about what to wear--this was very important, and I was 
caught off guard having to make such a decision without advanced 
knowledge of exactly how these things worked.  I realized I should 
have made friends with another upper-classwoman who knew about 
these things.  I finally picked out something that was at home among 
casual clothes as well as with dresses, but it was painful trying to 
get Sarah dressed similarly, given her wardrobe.

When Hillary arrived, she was in shorts and it was clear to me that 
it was going to be quite casual.  I felt relieved because Sarah had 
ended up in a more casual outfit than I had originally been 
comfortable with.  Now things looked perfect.

Hillary took us walking into town.  As we walked, she told us there 
was an initiation, which was horribly embarrassing, but otherwise 
was no big deal.  I asked her what it was, and she said we'd be 
paddled.  I almost choked but I kept my cool.  My mind raced for about 
fifteen seconds, but then I decided it was well worth it.  Then I 
began to wonder at the fact that Sarah hadn't stopped to protest.  I 
glanced at her, but she seemed unperturbed.  I didn't think much more 
about her--my mind was on what was coming.

Hillary pointed out a house and we walked up to it and Hillary sort of 
warned us to just go along with things: that we would suffer a bit of 
humiliation but it would be over quickly enough.  I was still nervous 
and wondering but I hid it.  Sarah was unreadable as usual.  The 
lights were dim all over the house and no one was in the front hall or 
the living room when we arrived though I heard voices.  Hillary led 
us to another room: a den or something: it had a couch.  She told us to 
wait a minute and she left through a door to a more lighted room 
which I gathered was the kitchen.

"What do you think?" I asked Sarah.

"Look what you've got me into," was her response.  Actually I couldn't 
blame her at that moment.

Hillary came back with two other girls.  One of the girls told the 
other one to sit on the couch and soon it was clear to me that there 
were three of us were to be initiated.  Then the girl who brought her 
in left and it was just Hillary and the three of us.  She told us to get 
undressed.  Once again I thought very quickly for about 5 seconds.  
Then I committed myself--I started on my blouse.  Sarah and the 
other girl both looked a little nervous, then they followed my lead.  
Soon we were in underwear and Hillary told us to take the rest off.  
"Don't worry too much," she added in a low voice, "its basically just 
a bit of humiliation."  *More humiliation than I was expecting* I 
thought.

Soon the three of us were sitting nude on the couch.  Hillary went 
and came back with some pieces of leather and buckles and things 
which I soon figured out were restraints!  She told the other girl to 
stand and proceeded to restrain her hands behind her!  Then she did 
her feet and helped her to sit down again.  There was no going back 
so I submitted to the same treatment.  I couldn't believe I was doing 
this.

Soon we were all three sitting there, bound, on the couch.  Our legs 
were bound together and we couldn't have gotten up and left if we 
wanted to.  Then Hillary took this device and put it in the girl's 
mouth.  It turned out to be a gag.  I'd never seen a gag like that: it 
held her mouth open and filled it.  She did the same to me and then to 
Sarah.  Then she left.

I looked around.  It was the three of us sitting on the couch like that.  
We were completely helpless.  Once in a while I saw a girl walk by a 
door and a couple of girls walked through the room.  They looked at 
us briefly and one smiled, but otherwise they didn't react to our 
state at all.  Hillary was certainly right about the humiliation.

Then I noticed a girl walking by one of the doors who was completely 
nude!  After that, every girl we saw was nude.  After a while there 
weren't so many girls walking around and no one was in the room 
with us but I saw a couple of girls standing in the kitchen.  Still 
nude.  They were talking to other people in the kitchen.

Then I heard a bit more talking and moving around, and then a woman 
walked out of the kitchen.  She wasn't nude--in fact, she was 
dressed in a suit, as if she were some corporate executive or 
something.  She was blond and beautiful though a bit severe.  She 
appeared to be in her late twenties.  She walked in and looked at us 
and a couple of nude girls followed her.  She didn't smile or say hi or 
anything.

"That one first," she said, pointing at the girl sitting with Sarah and 
me after inspecting us each in turn.  I noticed that when she looked 
at me, her eyes never met mine-she hardly even looked at my face.  
Then she turned around and walked back into the kitchen.  The other 
two girls pulled the girl off the couch and guided her into the 
kitchen, following the woman.  She had a lot of trouble walking and 
the other two girls practically had to carry her.  From where we 
were sitting, we could see the two girls get her up to a table and 
lean her over the edge, face down.  Then they stood there and held 
her.  The woman, who had disappeared from sight, returned with a 
belt or strap or something in her hand.  It looked like leather and she 
had folded it double.

Then I couldn't believe it!  She started whacking the girl's behind 
with the strap, but I couldn't believe how hard she was doing it.  The 
girl jumped at the first whack and the other two girls grabbed her 
tighter to hold her down.  Then she jerked with each whack and it 
was obvious that she was struggling to get away.  I could barely hear 
her trying to scream through the gag.  But the woman just kept 
beating and beating her--I couldn't count how many times.

I started shivering.  I couldn't believe we'd gotten ourselves into 
this.  I continued watching as if in a trance.  The woman finally 
stopped, and then had what looked like a thin piece of bamboo in her 
hand.  She whipped the girl's rear with it and the girl jumped again 
and looked like she was struggling even harder.  I started to squirm.  
I had to get out of there, but I had no idea how.  The girl was still 
struggling and the woman was still working on her rear.  She stopped 
a couple of times for a few seconds while the other girls got a 
better grip on the girl.  They just went on and on and I couldn't 
believe it!

I had wriggled onto the floor and was trying to figure out what to do 
next.  I was in a blind panic.  It briefly registered in my mind that 
Sarah was there too--she was still sitting on the couch, staring at 
the spectacle in the kitchen and looked frightened out of her wits.  
But she hadn't moved a muscle.

A couple of girls came in (both nude) and saw me on the floor.

"I guess this one doesn't want to go through with it," said one of the 
two.  They immediately started untying me and ungagging me.  I 
couldn't believe it: they were going to free me just like that!  I had 
been scared that there was no way out!  After they untied me, they 
led me out.  I turned around and looked at Sarah.  She was still 
sitting there, making no move to come along.

"Sarah?"  I queried.  She turned her head and looked at me.  Her eyes 
were filled with fright, but she just sat there.  Our eyes were locked 
for a few seconds, then one of the girls pulled on me and said to 
come on.  They led me to another empty room and gave me my clothes 
and told me I could get dressed.

Just as I was finished getting dressed, Hillary walked in... nude.  
Suddenly I felt so funny standing there dressed next to Hillary, 
completely naked.  I must have giggled nervously.  She led me to the 
front door and told me not to worry and that if I should ever have a 
change of heart, to let her know and she'd bring me back.  I couldn't 
keep myself from an occasional glance at her body which was 
absolutely flawless.  She was beautiful dressed or not.  Then she 
looked down at her own breasts, then I saw that her eyes were 
looking back up at me under her brows.  She was grinning at me.  I 
felt so foolish.

I walked away from there, my mind spinning.  I was still shivering at 
the thought of the whipping I witnessed.  And me, unable to stop 
them if they planned to force me!  And Sarah not coming back with 
me.  And Hillary.  Sarah never returned that night and she still 
wasn't back when I woke up.  I finally ran into her that evening at 
supper: she got in line with me.  I was dying to ask her what 
happened, but I was strangely reticent to bring it up.  We talked as 
usual and she came and sat with me as usual.

Halfway through eating supper, she stood up without warning and 
went over to Hillary's table.  I stared at her for a couple of seconds 
and then got control of myself again.  She walked over, talked briefly 
to one of the girls and then went back to the cafeteria line and came 
back carrying something.  When she got closer I realized it was a 
fork.  She gave it back to the girl she had talked to and returned to 
me.  That was the strangest thing--I didn't know what to make of it.

On the way out, I had another surprise: I looked over at Hillary's 
table and I discovered that Wendy Taylor was sitting with them!  She 
was just talking and laughing with the rest of them.  I just walked 
on with Sarah back to our room, wondering what was going on.

The next morning when Sarah and I were in line for breakfast, 
Hillary walked right up to us.  She gave Sarah a couple of books she 
was carrying.  Sarah left the line and went and put them on Hillary's 
usual table and then came back.  Other than that, Sarah and I had our 
usual breakfast except I noticed that other girls besides Sarah 
sometimes went over to Hillary's table and did them little favors, 
and later between classes I saw the same thing happen outside.  I 
realized that Hillary's friends would just call a girl over as if she 
were a waitress and the girl would always come.  That night at 
supper I saw more of the same.  And Wendy Taylor was sitting at 
Hillary's table again.

Sarah sometimes went off in the evening and I don't know where she 
was going.  She'd still be gone in the morning.  Once I was still 
hanging out at the room when she showed up in the middle of one 
morning after being out.  She saw me and she acted a little weird.  
She looked worn out and she said she wanted to take a shower.  But 
she wouldn't undress: she got out some clean clothes and took them 
to the bathroom.

But somehow, other than her all-night excursions and the little 
favors she did for Hillary's group, she actually seemed a little 
friendlier to me.  There was one other incident that left me 
wondering.  One day I was going back to my room and I noticed a 
couple of senior girls who were friends of Hillary's leaving our 
hallway.  Our hallway has just freshmen so I was a little surprised 
to see them.  When I got to our room, the door was open about two 
inches.  I walked in and was amazed to see Sarah, completely naked, 
kneeling on the floor next to her bed with her body on the bed.  Her 
rear was sticking out in a way that was positively lewd.  Her head 
was sideways, flat on the bed, facing my way, and her eyes were 
open, but she didn't look at me at all.  She just looked like she was in 
a trance.   I said her name twice before she even moved an inch.  
Then she lifted her body slowly, looked at me and said she had been 
lost in thought.

I've run into Hillary a few times since then, and she is always 
friendly and open with me and I always have the feeling she is 
waiting for me to ask to go back.  Once I saw her walking across the 
campus with Wendy Taylor and I felt a knot in my chest.  I realized 
that a part of me wanted to strangle Wendy.  Or wanted to be where 
she was.  Or something, I didn't know what.  Hillary was so beautiful, 
walking in the sun and the wind.

I wish I felt like I knew what was going on.  I wish I knew what 
Sarah did.  I thought about telling Hillary that I'd go with her to be 
initiated.  I felt jealous of Sarah's courage as well as her social 
position--when Hillary and those other girls talked to her, I felt 
completely out of it, even if I was standing there with them.  I felt 
so out of it.
