Closing Time


I recently decided to go to the Althletic Club to work out a little
later than usual.  When I came in the guy at the front desk was kind of
busy, so I picked up a towel and went in. This is a very straight club
out in the suburbs, so I don't expect much action there.  I am Bi and
like to keep an eye out for new friends.

Well this night the gym was strangely empty.  I did a quick workout and
went downstairs to hit the sauna.  The locker room was completely empty.
Too bad, usually there are some pretty nice looking guys in there just
finishing up after a workout.  I stripped, went into the sauna and sat
down to sweat a bit and relax.  But I couldn't shake the feeling
something was wrong.

A few minutes later the guy from the desk comes into to the sauna to ask
if I knew their summer hours had started.  The gym had been closed for
half an hour.  I made a quick apology and got up to go. He said I could
stay for a while since he would be around a while.  About five minutes
later he comes back into the sauna naked.  He says that the best part
about closing up the gym is that he gets the whole place to himself for
a little while.

This guy's name was Bob, and he looked like he made good use of the gym.
He was very well built, and his body was somewhat hairy. He didn't have
a huge dick, but it certainly wasn't anything to ignore.  We sat in the
sauna and talked for a while.  Then he invited me to the whirlpool which
was usually coed (swimsuit required).  Since we were the only two people
in the place, he said we could go naked.

The whirlpool felt great, and as Bob slid into the water he rubbed his
leg up against mine.  Now it didn't take much back and forth nudging to
figure out he was interested in more than just relaxation. After a few
minutes of heel grabbing we were out on the tile for a little mutual
massage.  Watching his muscular hands pumping my meat made me very hot.
I exploded all over my chest.

The workout I gave him was having an effect too.  I decided to see if he
was as big a mouthful as he was a handful.  I laid him back and began
gently sucking his firm dick.  After a few minutes I began pumping his
dick with my hand while sucking the head.  His whole body tensed up as
he shot his load.  I made a good showing on the receiving end, but lost
some of his tasty juice near the end.

We showered and then I went home while he stayed to finish closing up
the gym.  On the way home I decided maybe late workouts are not so bad
after all.  I am sure I'll be arriving late from now on.
