A CLOSE SHAVE
 

I did it again last night!  I had not done it for many, many
years.  I was getting ready to jump into the shower as I looked
at myself in the full length mirror in the bathroom.  My body is
in really great shape, I try to workout whenever I can and I
have great pecs, and fine tight round ass and a good sized cock.
But the hair, I had to do something about the hair.  My chest
was almost covered with the dark blonde hair with a line at my
navel pointing down to the full luxuriant hair around my cock
and balls.  Yes the hair had to go!  At the gym I had noticed
many guys were hairless in the shower, it was becoming the thing
to do.  I grabbed the can of Colgate shavecream and shook it
vigorously, then pressed the nozzle and let the white soft foam
cover my chest and down into and around my cock and balls.  I
stood in front of the mirror and with razor in hand I slowly and
with deliberation shaved my chest.  The chest finished I wiped
away the access foam with a hot wash cloth and razor once again
in hand I tackled the pubes.  The coarse hair shaved rather
easily, I took extreme care as I approached my balls, don't want
to make any errors here!   Also don't forget those hairs along
the shaft of the penis, proceeding with the utmost of care.  The
cock began to swell with all the handling, with the kneading of
those balls I was at full attention.  At last the job was
complete, I was totally hairless as I examined my body in the
mirror.  Hairless except for the underarm hair, I thought
briefly of removing that too but decided against doing it for
now at any rate.  I looked down at my cock and balls, it was
standing fully erect and looked like a young  boys equipment
except for the much larger size.  I was getting so fucken turned
on with my body!  

I wiped all remains of the foam away and reached over for a dab
of Intensive Care lotion and I rubbed that all around my hard cock.
My member jumped in the sensuous feel of the lubricating lotion.
I sat down on the toilet seat which was directly in front of the
full door mirror, I stroked my cock slowly as I fondled my balls
with my other hand.  I spread my legs apart, I could see the crack
of my ass-cheeks under my balls, my hand slipped down and slowly
rubbed the crack of my ass and on up into the balls, then back
down again to the ass, my body shuddered and a large glob of
precum oozed out of my slit.  I rubbed this love juice all
around the head of my quivering cock, the head was now a deep
purple red and oozing more and more precum for my added
pleasure.  I took a gob of the juice and licked it off my
fingers, the taste was so grand, like a nectar of the gods.  I
stood up now and got closer to the mirror my erect cock was but
an inch or two from the glass.  I moved forward and slid my
member up and down the mirror as I looked down at it.  The view
was so hot seeing that massive meat pressed hard against the
ungiving glass.  I moved backwards again and took my cock in
hand and stroked it slowly and rhythmically, my feet almost felt
like they would give out under me.  I could contain my lust no
longer and before I realized what was happening my orgasm was
upon my.  Wave after wave of intense pleasure shot through my
body as large loads of cum splattered the glass of the mirror
and slowly dripped down the glass.  I almost fell to the floor
in my ecstasy of post orgasm.  It took me a minute or two to
recover the necessary will to step into the shower and clean up.
 
This morning I woke well before the alarm and my hand wandered
all over the smooth hair-free body that seemed like that of another.
The feel got me once again excited and my load was flying once
again as the alarm went off.
