A Close Shave
										 or
How I came to love Shaved Pussy
[ A true story ]

    California has it's fair share of cold, wet weather.  Perhaps not as bad
as some areas of the country, but then, you wouldn't be riding a motorcycle
in December if you lived in Minnesota either.  It WAS cold, and wet, and
raining like hell that dark December evening, and I WAS riding a motorcycle,
a Honda CX500 to be exact, home from work.  I was looking forward to getting
home to the apartment I shared with Tanya, where she would be waiting for
me with warm dry clothes.
    Thursdays were the best.  My four-day week ended, giving me three days to
enjoy, and it meant that Tanya's weekend started.  I hated her graveyard
shifts, but it did mean we relished the nights we actually slept together.
As I finished chaining the little 500 to the carport's support beam, I looked
up to the third floor to see the warm inviting light coming from the apart-
ment.  Feeling a warm contentment, and thinking about cuddling by the fire
with her tonight, I slogged into the building.  In the stairwell I could feel
cold dampness down my back and front, where the rain-suit leaked.  My feet
were cold and the socks were drenched.  Yes, a fire was definitely going to
feel good.
    The door was unlocked and I eagerly entered the apartment.  Tanya greeted
me from the small kitchen where, I knew, she had heated some dry clothes in
the oven (creative no?).  She smiled and waited as I took off my rain jacket
and then gave me a quick hug and kiss, not wanting to get too wet.  Tension
drained from me.  Just looking at her made me feel warm and happy.  As she
opened the oven door to fetch a tray of warm clothes, she apologized to me
by saying "I'm sorry sweetie, I didn't get the laundry done today, so all I
could warm up was your bathrobe and some clean underwear."
    I laughed, thinking that it would save us time later tonight, not having
to get undressed.  I would still have fun "peeling" her out of her jeans, and
unlacing the lace-up top she was wearing.
    Tanya continued "Karen and I went shopping today and stayed out to late to
get any laundry done."
    Wearily I replied "That's ok. I'm not going out in this again tonight."
    As I took the soft warm bathrobe from her, she seemed hesitant to speak,
as though she had bad news."
    "What?" I asked.
    "Karen's still here." She said quietly. With a nod, "In the living room."
    Tanya's best friend was fun to be around, but she had this tendency to
stay long into the evening, and I wanted to spend this one quietly, cuddled
in front a fire, teasing, kissing and caressing Tanya.  If Karen was here,
there was doubt that we'd have that fire.
    As I walked back to the bedroom, I stopped by the living room door to say
hello to Karen who jokingly told me that I had to be dry before she'd give me
a kiss.  I thought about that kiss as I dried and dressed.  Karen's kisses
were very nice.  Her soft, full lips were warm and inviting.  Each time we'd
kissed before, her lips seemed to promise untold pleasures.
    I wrapped the robe around me, its warmth bringing feeling back to my
chilled skin.  The underwear I dropped in the drawer after seeing that they
were the ones that always seemed to fit poorly.  The robe was long enough to
wear modestly if I kept a mind of how I sat and the sash was tight.  The dry
socks warmed my feet as I returned to the living room.
    The gals were talking about the latest movie "hunk", and I turned the heat
up to about eighty degrees, to keep me from chilling.  Karen looked at me as
I came out, and stood as I approached the sofa.
    "Hi short sweet 'n sexy!"  She said, joking because she was almost six
feet tall to my five eight.  We kissed, briefly, as we always did, her lips
soft, warm and inviting.  As I turned towards the sofa and moved past her she
playfully cupped one of the cheeks of my ass, making me jump with her unex-
pected touch.  Everyone laughed, and Tanya poured some coffee for us all.
    The next hour blured as the girls mostly talked about watching "hunks" and
clothes, and "weren't-some-of-the-new-fashions-terrible?" type talk.  At some
point, the discussion turned towards dating and sex.  Karen can be quite --
graphic -- at times when discussing sex.  I felt a familiar sensation begin
deep down, and worried that the bathrobe alone would not prevent a new topic
from entering the conversation.
    Karen asked "Is it really warm in here?"
    "I'm a bit warm too." Tanya replied. "How high did you set the heat?"
    I told them that I set it high, planning on cutting it back when the chill
was chased away from me, but turn it down if you're too hot.  Karen stood up
and grabbed the bottom of her sweater, cross armed.
    "That's ok." She said. "I don't need this heavy of a sweater."
    As she pulled it up over her head, the light blouse she was wearing rode
up her lean tanned stomach, and over her full, braless, breasts.  She quickly
recovered as first Tanya, then I cheered her with catcalls and teases.
    "Get your jollies?" She asked me.
    "No," I said, "Not a long enough look!"
    Tanya made some comment about wishing her tits looked that good under a
blouse without a bra.  In truth, I thought her tits were terrific.  They were
full enough to need a C-cup bra, with dark nipples that peeked through if she
wore light colored tops.  Karen's were larger, with large dark nipples but
the effect blended too much with her naturally tan skin.
    Somehow Tanya introduced the fact that I liked the way her tits and her
nipples looked in a tank top, especially when her nips tried to peek through.
She chided me, saying that "all men" liked tits larger than hers.
    "Not true!" I said.  "I like yours because they're beautiful."
    Tanya asked if I'd put my money where my mouth was, betting her that I'd
prefer her with bigger tits.  I agreed, but qualified by saying that every
woman wanted bigger tits, like most guys want longer cocks.
    Tanya stood up and whispered something to Karen who giggled and nodded her
head in agreement.  Both girls walked over in front of the fireplace and
stood facing me.
    "Ok smarty." Tanya challenged. "Who's tits do you like best?"
    As soon as the challenge was issued, the girls pulled their tops over
their heads, standing topless in front of me.
    "Ummm, Ahhh, I, ummmm," came my stammered reply. "I, err, still like yours
better."
    I hoped my answer would satisfy her and change the subject, as my body was
responding to the presence of these semi-naked women.  I knew that this line
of conversation would doubtless prove that a bathrobe alone is not the best
thing to wear in the living room with guests.
    Tanya gave me a look that said she thought I wasn't being honest.  Karen
simply returned to the sofa and sat down, not bothering to put her top back
on.  Tanya came over and stood right in front of me, looking down, not saying
a word.  I looked up at her, topless, past her tits and saw a playful gleam
in her eyes.  My gaze shifted to her nipples, seeing that even in the warmth
of the room that they were becoming erect.  Several wordless seconds went by
before she chuckled and said "Ok, you've proved it."   She leaned down and
patted my lap, where a distinct bulge had creeped up in my robe, before she
sat down on the floor across from Karen and me.
    "Ah, aren't you girls going to put your tops back on?" I asked nervously.
    "It's too warm." Tanya replied gleefully. "Besides, you have something
better to look at?"  As she said that, both girls laughed.
    Karen spoke up, and asked Tanya if she had ever shaved her pussy for a
narrow cut swim suit.  As they talked about shaving themselves for the newest
swimsuit, I had to work multiplication figures in my head to keep what was
going to be a tremendous erection from making an appearance.  As my rod began
to deflate, I heard Karen saying "...it feels good in bed and really turns
guys on."
    Tanya looked at me, and I said I had been "distracted" by other thoughts,
and what were they talking about anyway?   Tanya and Karen giggled.  I looked
at Tanya, searching for an explanation.  Karen "explained" in the best manner
she could.  Standing, she quickly unfastened her courdory pants, dropping
them to the floor.  Stepping out of them easily, I gazed longingly at her
long tanned legs and thighs.  She was naked before me, uninhibited, and
smiling.  Pointing to her bush, she said "This is what we were talking about!"
    Tanya saw that I didn't understand, so she had Karen sit down and spread
her legs open, to show me that Karen had shaved the tender areas between her
thighs.  I stared, not believing the brashness of these women I thought I
knew well.  Karen's pussy was shaved so completely that not one hair remained
between her thighs.  Her pubic bush was nicely trimmed, but it ended just
above the beginning of her slit.  Someone said something, but I was staring
at Karen's pussy lips, seeing a hint of a moist sheen.
    "I SAID, would you like me to do that?" Tanya repeated her previous query.
    I looked up at her, and said that I'd definitely like her to do that, if
only I got to shave her!  Ever since we started living together, I'd been
trimming her golden bush, which ususally got her excited.  A game we played,
where she would be naked, with me dressed to accentuate her nudity, while
I trimmed her bush to perfection.
    Karen stood, and, giggling, led us to the bathroom where Tanya quickly
got out of the rest of her clothes.  As she sat on the edge of the tub, I
watched Karen lather Tanya's pussy from my shaving mug and brush.  I placed
a fresh blade in the razor as Karen finished.  Looking at Tanya, I could see
a freckling blush between her breasts, and she looked down, noticing that
my robe had parted in a strategic place.  My cock, quite successfully, was
straining to part the robe's overlap.
    As I moved towards Tanya, Karen noticing my arousal, pulled the sash of
my robe, and quickly pulled the robe from me.  Now the three of us were naked
in the bathroom, Tanya's pussy lathered up and ready.  As I knelt Karen
assisted me with my delicate task, offering advice, and helping keep the
sensitive skin taut.  As we finished, without a single accident, Tanya's
breathing was heavy, and the flush between her breasts was now turning to
a noticeable pink.  We rinsed the soap from her pussy with warm water, and
both ran our hands over her lips, looking for any stubble we might have
missed.  I could feel the moistness on her now naked labia as I stroked her
pussy.  Her hips moved reflexively as we caressed her.  Her mouth open, she
was breathing heavily, trying to look at her freshly shaven area.  Karen
touched her clit lightly and Tanya jumped as if a tiny electric jolt had hit
her.  Handing her a mirror, she examined herself.  Amazed at her smoothness,
she ran her hand down, exploring, touching, and arousing herself.
    "You'll find you're much more sensitive." Karen remarked casually.
    "I know!" Tanya answered. "I almost came when you touched my clit."
    Karen picked up the shaving mug, and whipped a lather up, spreading it on
her bush.  Tanya stood up, as Karen sat down in front of me, spreading her
legs as she said "Since you're there, why don't you shave me all the way?"
    Incredulous, I looked into her passionate brown eyes, and saw that she
was serious.  Tanya urged me on, and the first stroke of the blade removed
a sizeable patch of Karen's light brown hair.  She leaned back, supporting
herself on the far edge of the tub, as I shaved the rest of her mound clean,
Tanya, this time, helping to keep her skin taut.   As I finished, I saw that
Karen's pussy had become, not damp, but very wet, from our touches.  Then I
rinsed Karen's pussy, Tanya poured some baby oil into her hands, and began
to rub it over the freshly saved mound of her friend.  I sat back and watched
as her hands rubbed not only the freshly shaved area, but between the tanned
thighs.  Karen's face told me how good this felt, so I followed suit on Tanya
by oiling her freshly shaven pussy.
    When Karen stood, Tanya sat down, pleading for us to shave her pussy bare.
We obliged, and soon her soft golden triangle was a memory, as we rubbed more
oil into her skin.  Her pussy was fully wet, not only with oil, but her own
juices.  I told both girls to walk around the house, and show off their
naked pussies.  Giggling, they fairly skipped into the living room, and put
on a show for me, Karen eyeing my rigid pole.  Tanya delighted in comming up
close to show me her shaved cunt, pulling away as I leaned over to kiss it.
Karen was spreading her lips, showing me how wet she'd become when Tanya
disappeared down the hall.  When she came back, Karen was sitting on the
floor, legs spread, showing me how slick and wet her pussy was, spreading
a sheen of wetness over the area her bush once covered.
    Tanya sat next to me, laughing at Karen's bold display.
    "Let me trim your furry cock and balls" She said, displaying a pair of
blunt nosed scissors.
    I leaned back as she placed a towel under me, and watched in fascination
as she began to trim the hair around my cock.  Karen sat up and leaned on
my left thigh, watching too.  My cock was aching to be touched, and as Tanya
moved it to my left, out of her way, she pointed it right at Karen.  Karen
seemed to draw me into her mouth without moving, and I delighted in the soft
warm wetness of her mouth.  Tanya started clipping around my cock, using a
comb to keep from trimming me bare, not minding that her girlfriend was now
sucking my cock.  As she finished one side, she handed the scissors to Karen
and took over for her.  Tanya licked and sucked my shaft as Karen repeated
the clipping.  Shortly, my curly hair had the appearance of a developing
teenager, parse and somewhat shorter than normal.  I heard a spray can's hiss
and suddenly a cool foam was placed on my balls, being rubbed around between
my thighs.  The fragrace was not really pleasant, but the girls had me so
aroused I didn't care that the depilatory was applied without warning.
    We showered together, soaping each other's newly hairless areas and then
drying each other off.  As the girls came out of the bathroom, I waited on
my knees, kissing each bare pussy in turn, using my tounge to probe around
their very accessable clits.  We all went into the living room, sitting on
the sofa again, grinning and giggling excitedly.
    Tanya couldn't keep her hands off my smooth, hairless balls, and kept
rubbing and tounging them until they were shining with her saliva.  I watched
Karen, rubbing her pussy, getting herself even hotter as she watched us.  I
had Karen sit on the corner of the sofa behind me, as I slid down and turned
my head up to tounge her glistening lips.  I felt an engulfing warmth over
my cock as Tanya took it deep into her mouth.   Her hands still touching and
caressing my smooth balls.   I caressed Karen's smooth tanned thighs as I
tried to bury my tounge inside her, lapping the deliciously thick creame from
her.  She felt slick and wet, my tounge gliding over her sensitive pussy.
Tanya interrupted, demanding her turn with my tounge, and the girls switched
positions.  Before Tanya was settled, Karen wrapped her lips around my cock
and slowly took all of my seven inches into her mouth and throat, her nose
tickling what sparse hairs were left just above the root of my shaft.  I let
out a long moan, feeling my cockhead on the back of her throat.  My moan
caused Tanya to look at Karen.
    "Can you show ME how to do that?" She asked like a small child wanting to
see how a magic trick is done.
    Karen slowly lifted her head, taking her time and pressing her lips down
against my swollen purple shaft.  Halfway up, she murmured "Um-Hmmm", then
slid down to the root of my cock in one swift move.  I threw back my head
and grabbed Tanya's thighs, dragging her visibly moist slit to my mouth.
Roughly, my tounge found her hole and plunged inside, tasting her, trying to
probe her depths.  Karen was slowly working my cock as I furiously tounged
my girlfriend's bare pussy.  I ran my tounge down her slit, teasing around
her rear, then back up her moist lips, flicking my tounge back and forth.
    Karen, let go of my straining rod, and spread her legs wide as she then
lowered herself onto me.  The suprise, and feeling of her wet womanhood
engulfing my cock drove me to new heights of passion and carnility.  I real-
ized I wanted them both, to bury my tounge, my finger, and my cock in every
place I could.  I wanted to cum with them all night, over and over, flooding
them with my juices as they were doing to me.  My hips rose to meet Karen's
ass as it drove down on my cock.  Her flesh rippled as we slammed together.
Her movements quickly became a rapid series of short jumps, each time letting
her body slam back down against my hips.  I was tounge was flicking over
Tanya's clit ferocicously, my chin wet with her, her breathing loud.
    I suggested we move, and Tanya quickly laid down on the sofa, as Karen
sat on the arm above her head.  I plunged into Tanya, her cunt so wet I met
no resistance.  Leaning forward, I tounged Karen's sopping slit, lapping up
the pearls running out the bottom.  I continued to fuck Tanya, feeling a
welling up in my balls.  My thrusts coming long and deep, my cock swelling
inside her.  Just as I was about to burst, she reached down, pulling my cock
from her wet tunnel, and squeezed it hard at the base, cutting of my orgasm.
    "Not yet." She panted. "Don't cum yet."
    I didn't care.  I wanted them.  I wanted to feel this craving lust all
night.  So, apparently, did they.   As we got off the sofa, Tanya led the
way into the bedroom.  The steamy heat from our earlier shower still hung
in the air.  We stopped along side the bed and kissed.  First Tanya kissed
me, then I kissed Karen.  These were deep, lustful, carnal kisses, with our
bodies pressed tightly together.  There was the briefest of pauses, then
Tanya turned and kissed Karen.  The same kiss she'd given me.  Lustful and
deep.  I watched, my cock rigid as steel as I watched "my" Tanya kissing
another woman.  Smaller and lighter than Karen, she seemed to melt against
her flesh.  Her legs came up and wrapped themselves around the taller girls
waist and legs, her hips thrusting forward to rub her clit against Karen's
stomach.
    I felt something wet run down my back.  As the two girls parted, I could
see a sheen of perspiration on their arms, their backs, and beads running
down their breasts and stomachs where skin met skin.  I leaned forward and
licked some of the wetness off from the groove in Karen's stomach, followed
by a small salty bead running down Tanya's right breast, hanging stubbornly
against the side of her nipple.
    As we climbed into bed, I heard Tanya whisper to Karen, "I want to TASTE
you!" and Karen's reply of "Oh, yes!  I've wanted you for so, so long!".
I sat back and watched as they lay together, caressing at first, kissing each
other lightly on the lips.  To my suprise, it was Tanya who made the first
agressive move.  She lowered her head and took a nipple into her mouth, while
her hand moved down Karen's belly and parted her thighs.  She sucked that
large nipple hungrily, teasing it inside her mouth with her tounge.  Her hand
slid into Karen's wet and waiting pussy, moving slowly in and out.  Karen's
back arched as she responded to Tanya.  I could see Tanya press her tits
tightly against the girl's arm and side.   Tanya withdrew her fingers and
sat up on her knees, her body covered with a wet shine, and brought her hand
to her lips.  She looked Karen right in the eyes as she licked the her cream
from her fingers like a rich sauce.  She looked at me and smiled as her hand
again dove into Karen's pussy, turning her hand and pressing up against the
girl's downward thrusts.  The lights were on only in the bathroom, throwing
a faint light in the bedroom.  Sitting on her knees, with the light reflect-
ing off the light sheets, I could see the shadow of Tanya's pussy-lips,
distended and spread wide between her spread thighs.  As she moved slightly
I could see the top of her shaved slit, exciting me even more.  She again
withdrew her hand, bringing it to her lips, but this time she stared me in
the eyes and smiled as she licked cream from her fingers.  She saw my lust,
and then lowered her hand, rubbing the gooey cream against her nipple.
    Karen reach up, grabbing Tanya by the shoulders, pulled her quickly down
to her mouth and kissed her long and hard, pinching her creamed nippled and
squeezing that tit.  Tanya lowered her hips to the bed, rubbing her bare
pussy against the sheets.
    "Now you're going to see what it's really like to be eaten." Karen breath-
ed in a deep husky voice. "I want to make you cum, and cum, and cum!"
    She rolled Tanya over on her back and quickly knelt along side of her,
burying her face in Tanya's shaven muff.  Tanya gasped as she felt the the
hot breath and tounge explore her pussy.  She lay still for a few moments, as
she smiled and squeezed her tits together, toying with her nipples.  She
looked over at me, slowly stroking my rigid, purplish cock, opened her mouth
and sensuously flicked her tounge, asking for my cock in her mouth.
    As I slid over to let her suck on my cock, I could see that we were all
covered with a slick layer of sweat.  Tanya's breasts, shiny and inviting
in the dim light, glimmered as she breathed.  Karen's smooth tanned ass,
seemed perfectly formed, without blemish.  Tanya's hand guided my cock down
into her waiting mouth, stroking me to her lips.  Karen's ass was much too
inviting, so I slipped my hand between her thighs and caressed her wet bare
mound.  Her moaning from between Tanya's thighs told me she wanted more, so
I slipped three fingers into her sopping cunt, using my thumb on her swollen
clit.  She pressed back against my hand, burying my fingers all the way in
her slick wetness.  Wet, smacking noises came from the area of Tanya's cunt,
and from her mouth on my shaft.  Wet noises also came when Karen plunged back
against my hand, and I could feel her juice beginning to run down to my
wrist.
    Tanya stopped sucking me and moaned softly, her hips moving in a rhythmic
motion.  I pulled my soaked hand out of Karen's snatch, and moved closer to
Tanya.  Lifting her shoulders, I slid behind her and wrapped my arms around
her, one low by Karen's shoulder.  My hand, still covered with Karen's cream
cupped Tanya's left breast, caressing it wetly and gently.  I started to
whisper into Tanya's ear.
    "I want you to cum". I breathed, exhaling my hot breath right into her
ear. "I want to watch her tounge your naked, shaved pussy...her cum on your
breasts ...her soft lips wet with your cream...I want to see you wrap your
legs around her head like you do to me...cum for her...cum for me...cum for
us...we want you to cum so we can taste you!"
    Her shouts were high pitches O's, repeated over and over as she spasmed
again and again, nearly doubling over with her efforts.  Karen kept her going
for what seemed like and hour.  Her cries breaking into sobbing laughs as she
kept cumming.  Finally, as Karen lifted her head, Tanya fell back against me,
still crying her O's, but humming them more than saying them.
    Karen's face wasn't wet, it was soaked with cum.  Her cheeks, lips and
chin shined as if someone had oiled her face.  She moved up to join us, and
I grabbed her by the hair, pulling her to my lips.  We kissed, her tounge
showing its fatigue.  I pulled away and began to lick the cum from her chin
and cheeks, tasting a delicate sauce like no other in the world.
    Tanya lay smiling on the bed, arms across her breasts and my arm.  She
looked up a Karen and said softly "I never Dreamed it would be this good
with another girl!  You're SO GOOOD!"
    We smiled, and I moved so Tanya could lie back.  Karen asked her if she
had the strength to help make her cum.  Tanya replied that she did if she
didn't have to support herself, but strangely she was still VEERY horny and
wanted to do this all night!  Karen then had Tanya lay crosswise on the bed,
and lowered her pussy to an eager mouth.  Tanya lapped at the naked cunt
before her, tasting the juices.
    "Hmmm, you taste good." She purred.
    After licking for a few minutes, Tanya craned her head back to me and
licked her lips.
    "Just don't sit there," She commanded, "get over here an <fuck> her!"
    She didn't have to ask twice.  I moved up behind Karen, straddling Tanya's
head, and slipped easily into her drenched snatch.  As I slid deeper, Karen
moaned, and as I pulled back, Tanya breathed in a sexy, husky voice "Yesss,
shove it deep <into> her.  Let me taste her cum from deep inside."
    I moaned then, just as Karen did again.  I leaned forward to cup Karen's
tits, but found Tanya's hands were already busy, squeezing, cupping, flicking
nipples with her thumbs.  I slid in and out of her wet juicy pussy, pausing
on each outstroke as Tanya licked her cum from my shaft.  As I plunged deep
Tanya would lick that bared clit, then flick her tounge over my smooth balls.
    "C'mon, FUCK me HARD!!" Karen shouted. "Grab my ass and FUCK ME!"
    I continued my pace, while Tanya licked her clit.  I could feel her hips
moving to a faster rhythm until all at once she shuddered and slammed back
on my cock, moaning softly.  We all waited. Then Karen began to pump my cock
slowly, feeling it inside her.
    "Now I'm gonna make you CUM a LOT!" She said. "I'm going to fuck you nice
and slow until you shoot your nice hot cum in my cunt."
    Now I changed my pace.  I moved forward, and grabbing her hips, pulled her
ass back into me.  My thrusts quickened, as I felt a rising, bubbling, hot
volcano building inside my balls.  Tanya, alternated between licking my
bare balls, and letting her dirty mouth edge me ever closer.
    "Oh, I can see you really FUCKING her!" Tanya's voice fairly dripping with
lust. "I'm gonna wait until you're about to CUM...then I'm going to suck your
balls...I want to feel them in my mouth when you cum."
    "Yesss, Fuck me hard and fast." Karen added.  "Cum deep in my pussy. I
want you to fill my wet slit with your cum!"
    I felt my balls tighten up, my ass clench, and remembered that eons ago
in the living room Tanya had shut off one orgasm.
    "C'mon babe," Tanya crooned. "Give us your cum.  Cum in her pussy.  Deep
in her hot cunt.  Pull out and shoot it all over us both."
    I plunged hard, shoving my cock deep into Karen's steaming cunt. Somewhere
off in the distance I heard a woman's voice cry out, and another distant
voice saying "Shoot your JISM, shoot it in her cunt".  My head swam, my hips
bucked as I felt a stream of cum erupt from my straining cock.  Then another
long spurt.  Hands on my hips...pulling me back...Karen moving forward...
cool air on my hot, wet cock.
    I opened my eyes as Karen moved away, and Tanya pulled me back. Looking
down, my cock free, I watched as Tanya's hand reached for my pulsing shaft,
as more hot jism shot from my cock, a stream of glistening white flowing
over Tanya's cleavage, tits, and stomach, Some landing on Karen's shaved
cunt-lips only a few inches away.  Tanya grabbed my cock and bent it down to
an unnatural angle.  The pressure this caused sent a shock wave through my
body as another surge of cum welled up; broke free; and splashed into her
mouth.  Tanya arched to get more cock in her mouth as she pumped me against
her lips.  My hips shoved, driving my cock deep into her mouth, as I blasted
more cum into her now red-hot mouth.
    Spent, I pulled out of Tanya's mouth and watched her greed as she pulled
Karen's hips back over her to lick the white globs of cum from her shaved,
cum-drenched pussy.  Karen rolled off after a moment, and turned towards
Tanya.  Tanya sat up, wordlessly and moved alongside of me.  Karen followed,
even in the dim light, I could see Karen's mouth part, her tounge ready for
a passionate kiss.  Too, I could see Tanya's smile, as she pushed Karen back
down on the bed in front of me.  She grabbed me and pulled me down with her,
and inches above Karen, her mouth open for a kiss, I watched as the cum
flowed from Tanya's mouth into Karen's.  It seemed like minutes, but a
second and a half was drawn out in slow motion.  Tanya's tounge between her
open lips, cum dripping from it, then she bent and kissed Karen long and hard.
After a bit, I could hear swallowing noises as their lips remained locked.
My cock was now fully hard again, even after a monumental orgasm, and I
grabbed Tanya's face and pulled her to my lips, kissing her roughly, tasting
my slightly salty cum on her tounge.  I let go and leaned over, kissing Karen
the same way, suprising her that I would tounge her with my cum in her mouth.
    We all laid down and cuddled for a while, caressing and stroking each
other.  Kissing delicately, lovingly.  Fingers tracing small patterns and
outlines on damp flesh.  Later, we started again.  This time Karen urged me
to cum inside of Tanya so she could eat it from her pussy.
    We repeated these performances many times, adding various new thrills,
various locales, and once, a third girl.  All in all, Thursdays are still my
favorite day of the week.
    These women are something special.  They love sex.  They love giving and
receiving pleasure, both to men and women.  They are able to let go of their
inhibitions as easily as dropping their clothes.  They are lovely, graceful,
beautiful women, and are as "proper" as anyone could want -- until you get
their passions aflame.  Then they open themselves to their own lusts and
desires, freely giving pleasure to others, not afraid to show their lustful
selves.  Sex is 70% psycological, 30% physical.  They've learned to let the
larger portion of the effort to be driven by their primitive carnal desires,
channeling them to give pleasure to others, so that they receive the same.
We parted many years ago, but I still hold them close to my heart for many
reasons.  There is no doubt in my mind that what we shared will bond us to-
gether forever.

-- Good night and wet dreams --
		The Pussy Barber
s.
    "C'mon, FUCK me HARD!!" Karen shouted. "Grab my ass and FUCK ME!"
    I continued my pace, while Tanya li