    It was a warm, cool day with slight breezes blowing in from the sea.        
On this slightly chilly day on a friendly walk along the southern               
californian coastline our two lovers were taking a stroll along the             
beach looking into the ocean and looking across the waters and imagining        
themselves drifting away together, floating off into a sea of love.             
                                                                                
    In the cool spring breezes they strolled along the shore picking up         
seashells and admiring the way the ocean got into such a small area.            
The wonder and magestic glory of the large body of water in front of them       
only captivated their attention more as they pressed close to each other        
feeling small and insignificant in comparasion to the nature's vastness.        
The emptiness and the lonliness of the ocean only made the lovers yearn         
for each other that much more.  To press next to each other, to hold each       
other in their warm, virile, strong arms.   To tightly and firmly squeeze       
each other's body next to one another as if  there was going to be no           
tommorrow and that each moment might be their last.                             
                                                                                
       In the warmth of each others arms pressed tightly,they could smell       
the manhood of one another.  They could see each others hot bodies in the       
sun.  The sun glistening off their tan bodies as the bronzed, well-             
developed chests they were sporting showed in the sun with a sensuality         
unsurpassed by any other two men in the history of mankind.  They looked        
at each other with a passion and a rage that could scarcely be contained.       
Having known each other for years they still could not get enough of each       
other and probably never would.                                                 
                                                                                
   They started rolling along on the ground.  Their manly bodies locked         
together in a dance of ectasy.  The ocean waves started pouring in and          
rocking in the beat of their heat.  They stripped nude in a matter of           
minutes the moment was upon them and they couldn't deny it.  The sand           
clung to their hair and left them both feeling gritty.  Undaunted by            
nature they dove into the ocean and rinsed clean.  The hairs on their           
stomach and ass and legs and everywhere just hung low with wetness              
and the sexiness of the moment made them more hotter as they admired            
each other's rock hard bodies.   Ben started sucking on Mark's nipples          
and the feeling of his hot tongue almost made Ben explode.  Ben started         
to respond by nibbling on Mark's ears *editor's note:  don't cum now rob*       
while he was being titty sucked.  The two started to head to ocean front        
and enjoying each other's presence they looked into each other's eyes           
and they saw nothing but happiness mirrored and echoed from one another.        
The two lover's started caressing and massaging each other.  Ben would          
play with Mark's inner thighs and Mark would play with Ben's tight ass.         
They were mutually exploring on the beach with the waves creeping ever          
closer upon them as the sun started to fade slowly...                           
                                                                                
    Mark was inserting his tongue into Ben's hot, tight ass then he could       
no longer contain himself!  He knew he had to fuck his boyfriend, lover         
and constant joy now.  He wanted to please his boyfriend so badly right         
now the mood of animal lust was upon them and there was no stopping             
either of them!                                                                 
                                                                                
    The first insertion into Ben's tight orifice was a delight to behold        
to the voyeur because watching Ben squirm with delight and Mark perspire        
from the workout was a thing of beauty.  The two were making love under         
a rapidly cooling tempature with the sun's dwindling rays beating off           
their bodies and the shadows starting to highlight their lovemaking.            
The waves brought the water to their feet.  Despite the chillness of the        
water they didn't stop one bit.  Mark kept pumping in and out, and with         
each stroke of his cock in Ben's tush, Ben's cock would jump just enough        
so that Mark had to help him beat off while screwing him because he             
couldn't resist the eight inch cock in front of him all attentive and           
erect.  The two kept at it as the waves started pounding both of them.          
In and out was the rhythm of both Mark and and the waves each matching          
one another in speed.  Eventually, Mark could no longer hold it in and          
the two of them came at the same time!  First Mark shot wad and wad             
into Ben's hole filling him with pleasure and delight and Ben feeling his       
lover's man juices flowing up shot load after load over his shoulders,          
on his face and all over.                                                       
                                                                                
    Calming down some and half covered in water the two lay there kissing       
each other with Mark licking Ben's face clean.  The two men pressed close       
to each other giving each other all the warmth and shelter from the             
elements that they needed!  The two lay there for about an hour kissing         
and cuddling and grasping each other's buns and sharing their happiness         
with each other and in turn being loving.  The sun's dying rays and the         
beautiful sunset just made this the perfect time to be romantic and after       
that hour of cuddling was gone and the moon was up and the stars were out       
they were ready to go at it seriously again!                                    
                                                                                
    The night's light was dimmer and less brilliant than the day but            
it was just made for sexier romantic playtimes among lovers.  These two         
knew just how to respond also.  They let the night take them and let            
the moongod Phobos enshroud them and enfold them into his arms and show         
them how love can be made so much more precious when the sense of sight         
is reduced.  Exploring each other's bodies in the moonlight they had to         
look closer at one another to see clearly.  The eyes were both a contrast       
and comparasion between the two.  Ben had gorgeous sky-blue eyes and Mark       
had intensive green eyes that burned into you.  It was clear which one          
was more aggressive and which one more passive between the two of them          
just by looking at the eyes.  Ah but with a lover like Mark, Ben was far        
form passive.  This time it was Ben's turn to have some fun but first           
they could only have more fun in a different way.                               
                                                                                
   After nibbling on each other's pec's and inner thighs and necks and          
anywhere they could, they started doing a 69 on each other. Mark took           
Ben's 8 incher in his mouth and reached the base with no problem.  Ben          
being experienced more in taking a cock up his ass, could still not get         
all ten inches of Mark even after all these times they did it.  Tonight         
however would be different, with the mood just right and with Ben               
struggling and straining his utmost, the cock went completely down his          
throat.  The surprise and shock of it made Mark cum too quickly and Ben         
struggled to take it all down every last drop of it.  He nearly succeeded       
but had to lose some of man juices and as they flowed out of him Mark           
stopped what he was doing and withdrew and pulled close to Ben to kiss          
him and clean him up.  Then he whispered to Ben under the starry sky that       
he would just love to have him make love to him.  With such a sweet stud        
asking him how could he refuse?                                                 
                                                                                
   Ben started inserting his cock into Mark surprisingly meeting little         
resistance but then Ben had a slender cock and Mark knew how to relax           
well.  But then he trusted Ben completely and with such a gentle lover          
Mark knew he had no worries.  The first insertion went smoothly and the         
pulling in and out and picking up speed became no problem for Mark nor          
Ben. Stopping at a certain point before he came, Ben just held Mark close       
to his body and the two started french-kissing and kept kissing until Ben       
finally released his love juices up Mark.  Shot after shot erupted from         
Ben and on the walls inside his ass Mark could feel every hot drop of           
cum and sperm that sprayed him.  Eventually, the orgasms stopped and the        
two just lay there together pressed tight and holding each other like           
there would be no tommorrow.  Wrapped up and pressed into the warmth of         
each other's arms and bodies they just lay there as the ocean subsided          
and left the lover's alone to enjoy their happiness.  All that could be         
heard from that night were the sounds of two people completely happy with       
one another and doing their best to keep that happiness alive forever!          
