                     Codi:  The Entire Story!
                            By Conure!

     They watched her as she left the high school cafeteria.  Her
name is Codi.  She's a small blond, standing 5'1, deep blue eyes.
The two men had been watching her for some time, she was perfect,
small breasts, tight stomach, and 15.  They would get a lot of
money for this one.

     They sat in the van, waiting for the right moment when they
would snatch her from the sidewalk and take her to her new owner.
The one called Mike spoke first, "Wow Joe, look at her.  She is one
hot little chick."

     "Yeah, she sure is!  Christ, we'll get 20 g's easy for this
one!"  They knew she was a virgin because they had been in her
room, scrounging her diary and every other thing in the house.
They had copies of her birth-certificate, medical records, the
whole works.

     "Okay," said Mike, "She's off the school grounds, lets go get
her."  Joe started the van and they rolled off, pulling alongside
the girl, Mike opened the door and sprayed her with mace.  He
caught her before she fell and dragged her into the van.  "Joey,
GO!"

     And with that, the van tore out of there.  Codi was laying on
the floor writhing, struggling against the mace burning her guts.
Mike leaned over and talked to her.  "It's okay sweety, just breath
slowly and it'll ease up."  He laughed as she chocked and spit,
drool running from her little mouth.

     He rolled her over onto her stomach and cuffed her hands
behind her back, and slid her pantlegs up enough to get the
shackles against the bare skin of her legs.  She was trying to
fight him, but it was not use.  She finally passed out.

     When she awoke, she was hanging naked in the middle of a large
room.  She tried to scream, but there was a ball gag in her mouth
making her jaw hurt.

     "Ah, she's awake!  Hello Codi.  How you feeling?"  She just
looked at the two men through terrified eyes.  "Well, you're probly
wondering what you doing here.  Well, it's pretty simple."  Mike
held up a document.  "This is a certified document from your
parents.  They sold you to us and you are going to be sold to a
movie company and be tortured."

     With that, Codi went wild, fighting the restraints on her arms
and legs, screaming wildly against the gag.  There was a third man
standing in the shadows.  He spoke, "She'll definitely do.  I'll
give you 50 thou for her.  Is that agreeable?"

     The two men looked at each other and nodded.  "Fine," said
Joe.

     They all left the room for a while.  Then, Joe came back in
with a bag.  He pulled out a dog collar.  It had some sort of box
attached to it.  "Codi, can you hear me?"

     She nodded yes.  "Good, this is an electronic dog collar.  It
is going to go around your neck.  See this little box?"  Again she
responded by nodding, "Great.  If you give any of us a hard time,
it will send a nice little electric shock to your throat.  If you
thought the mace hurt, you'll wanna die when this sucker hits you.
Understand?"

     With tears streaming down her face, she nodded yes.  He
lowered her until her feet touched the floor and undid all the
chains.  Once she was free, he threw her pants and shirt over to
her.  "Get dressed, Kid, you'll catch a cold."  Sobbing, she bent
over and started to dress.  Once done, he tossed her sneakers to
her.  She put them on.

     Joe walked over to her and connected a cable leash to the
collar.  "Now Codi, if you pull against this, it will make another
connection and send a shock to your throat, it is only 1/2 the
strength of the normal blast.  It feels kinda like this."  She felt
a yank on the leash, and then dropped to her knees from the pain.

     She grasped for her throat, unable to breath.  She hooked her
fingers around the collar and tried to pull it off, but when she
did, it released another powerful jolt to her windpipe.

     She fell flat onto the floor and her world faded to blackness.

     Joe woke her immediately, using smelling salts.  "Now, stand
up, kid, or I'll blast you again."  She pulled herself up, still
dizzy from the shock.

     He led her to another room and then they blindfolded her.  She
was pushed along and was finally shoved into the back seat of a
vehicle.  She heard it start and that began her ride to hell.

     It seemed like forever before the truck stopped.  She heard
some one open the door and pull her out.  Once outside, the
blindfold was removed.  "Hello, Codi.  I am your new master.  I
just bought you from those two fine gentlemen.  It's amazing, but
I can't figure out why your parents would want to have sold you.
Oh well, their loss and my gain!"

     She was in tears again.  He pushed her along a path that led
to a big cinderblock building in the middle of woods.  Once at the
door, he punched in a code on an electronic keypad and the door
buzzed open.

     Once inside, the door boomed shut, making her flinch.  He
flicked on the lights and she almost passed out at the sight.
There were ropes and chains every place.  And lots of video
equipment.

     "Okay, lets get you undressed and start shooting."  He removed
the gag and she cried hard.  "You might as well stop crying sweety,
just get naked and this'll all be over soon.  I'm only gonna need
you a couple of days and if you're still alive when I'm finished,
then you are free to go."

     He turned on some lights and started to film her as she
undressed.  He took her clothes and threw them into the open fire
place on the far wall.  He led her over to the rack.  He laid her
onto the table and connected the chains.  The camcorder followed
them the whole time, their location being transmitted by a little
box on Masters belt.

     Once she was connected, he turned the crank until she felt her
body lift from the table.  She screamed, she thought her legs and
arms were going to pop out of their sockets.  "PLEASE PLEASE...
STOP... I'LL DO ANYTHING YOU WANT... DOOONNNN... AHHHHH... HUR....T
ME AAAANNNNYYYYYY UHHHHHGGGGG... MORE!!!!"

     "HAHAHAHAHAHA... you don't get it, do you little girl.  You're
here to be tortured until you pass out, then I'll wake you and do
it again!!!  Fuckin' ignorant kids today..."

     He turned the crank a few more times, causing screams of agony
from Codi's throat.  Once stretched, he looked over her naked taunt
body.  She was covered with sweat, her hair beginning to stick to
her head.  He took one hand and started to rub her pussy.  She
cried and begged him not to.  This pissed him off and he jammed to
fingers into her little slit.

     Codi screamed and cried from the pain of his intruding digits.
He pulled his fingers out and got two alligator clips from the
shelf.  He sucked her nipples till they were hard then applied one
clip to each nipple.

     She was panting, thrashing her head from side to side.  The
temperature of the room felt like a million degrees, sweat running
down her body.  She cried thinking she was taken to the max, unable
to take any more until he started to turn the crank again.

     She was too horse to scream, it felt as if her body was being
torn apart as she faded into blackness.

       ****************************************************

               ***** Part 2:  Codi wakes up... *****

     Codi awoke some time later, chained standing up.  Codi looked
around and saw the was shackled in the center of some sort of
wooden frame in the center of a plain cool cement room.

     Looking up she lost her balance and started to fall, but she
didn't get far, caught by the chains that held her arms out above
her head and her legs were held wider than shoulder width apart by
manacles connected to the walls.  She shivered, the cool air of the
room licking her heated pussy.

     The door opened and a man walked in, she instantly liked his
kind gentle look.  She watched him as he approached, looking him up
and down.

     The man smiled at her, his warmest smile, the one he gave the
new ones to build thier trust.  She smiled back, her body coated
with glistening sweat, her hair wet and stringy from her earlier
torture.

     "Good morning, Codi.  How are you?"  asked a bearded man as he
entered and closed the door behind him.

     Codi looked up at him and gave a faint smile, "Okay," she
said, her voice crackling due to her dry throat.  He smiled at her,
his face showing nothing but concern.

     "Good.  Do you have any friends here, Codi?"

     She tried to hold back, but couldn't.  Tears started to flow,
she shook her head no.  He walked over to her and held her head
against his chest.  She felt she loved him.  He let her cry for a
while and then said, "I want to be your friend.  Okay?"

     Codi nodded, feeling secure for the first time since her
abduction.  The man let go of her, she felt naked again without his
strong touch.  He got a chair from the corner of the room and
brought it over in front of her, turning it backwards and sitting
down, staring at her while she stood there crying.

     "Why are you crying, Codi?"  She didn't answer, only stood
there sobbing.  He felt his temper rise and stood up and walked
over to her, picking up a black crop hanging on the wall along the
way.  He stopped behind her and smacked her spread pussy with the
crop.

     Codi screamed out and tensed, feeling sick to her stomach from
the smack, her pussy and clit burning, she cried in frustration
wanting to rub herself to ease the pain.  "I asked why you were
crying and I expect to be answered you little slut."

     Her voice trembling and hoarse, Codi answered, "I want to go
home..."

     "There now, that's better.  I here to help you Codi.  Do you
know why you're here, Codi?" the man asked, reaching a hand out and
fondling her body.

     Codi was crying, shaking her head no, not wanting the man to
touch her as he ran his hands from her lower back to the crack of
her ass, stopping to crack the crop on her bare ass five quick
times.

     "I want you to understand something slut!  You... will...
never... tell... me... not... to... touch... you...
understand?!?!?"  He screamed at her, each word emphasized with a
crack of the crop on her exposed ass hole.

     She begged him to have mercy on her, he proceded to beat her
further, her body losing it's strength and falling limp in the
restraints.  She moaned as the chains bit her wrists and the crop
chewed into her back and inner thighs.

     The man stopped whipping her and walked over to a wall where
there was hung a huge array of whips, chains, leather harnesses and
many other undiscernible items of bondage and punishment, and
removed a long wooden paddle.

     Standing before her he lectured, "See now Codi, if you were a
good girl, this wouldn't have to happen.  But you're anything but!!
You have to learn why you are here."

     He walked back over to Codi and she began to cry, moving as
far forward as the chains would allow while looking over her
shoulder.  He swung the paddle and it made a swoosh sound as it
arched through the air, stopping with a loud "CRACK" when it
contacted her ass.

     She arched her body, gasping for air when the paddle contacted
her ass, she felt a huge welt raise where the paddle struck her.

     Walking back around to the front, he tells her, "You are here
because your parents sold you as a slut.  They hated you and didn't
want you any more."

     Codi screamed, clamping her eyes shut and shaking her head
from side to side, "NNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!"

     The man laughed and walked around behind her, swinging the
paddle again.  He spent twenty minutes paddling her ass, inner
thighs, and pussy.  She was reduced to a grunting, jerking, shaking
animal, her hair glued to her head from sweating due to the intense
pain of the beating.

     "Codi," she jumped at the sound of her name.  She lifted her
head weakly to look over her welted shoulder at the man, "Tell me
why you are here?"

     She began to cry.  Her mouth worked but nothing came out.  She
finally uttered, "I... I'm here because I'm a slut," she began to
sob heavily, "My parents didn't love me.  They sold me to you."

     "And I love you, Codi.  Always remember that."  The man smiled
smugly and hung the paddle back on the wall and returned to Codi.
He told her to stand tall, which she did without hesitation, for
fear of another beating.

     He then gently ran his hands all over her body, taking time to
squeeze and knead her welted flesh, finishing by stroking her pussy
until her hips began to gyrate against her will as she started to
cum.

     He stopped and shoved a vibrator into her slit.  She fought
against the chains, but it was no use, she was going no place fast,
her body on fire from the whipping.

     "Codi, you know if you fuck me that I can let you go?"  She
shook her head no.  He quickly walked over to the wall and returned
with a chain that had clips at each end.  He pinched her nipples
harshly and attached the clips to them.

     She screamed but he slapped her hard in the face.  She hung
panting and writhing as he attached several more individual clips
to the small bumps of flesh she had for tits.

     He knelt down between her legs and spread her lips, she
screamed as he stuck a needle through her clit.  Codi felt faint as
the pressure made her head explode.  The man smiled as she screamed
in agony, her small body straining against the chains as he pulled
and twisted the needle.

     He stood and went to a table where there was an selection of
rings.  He chose one and went back over to Codi, kneeling down
again to remove the needle and replace it with the ring.  She
screamed, her eyes buldging the entire time.

     "You know, all this can stop of you'd just fuck me little
girl.  I just want to stretch your ass and pussy, feel your mouth
on my hard cock..."

     She screamed again, the man was getting great pleasure from
her reactions.  He stood, spending some time with each of the clips
on her tiny breasts, enjoying her screaming and twitching.

     Bored with the clips, he yanked them off her tits and threw
them to the floor, returning with a box of straight pins.  Codi was
crying and gyrating her hips, she was hot from the vibrator, but
was trying desperatly not to show the man.

     He felt his cock get hard as she moaned in frustration,
twitching and writhing as he slowly punctured her breasts with the
straight pins.

     "Will you fuck me now, Codi?"  He asked, smiling at her
hanging panting form, "All you have to do is say yes and save
yourself from the next torture..."

     She looked up at him, but couldn't do it, she dropped her head
and began to sob, the salt in her tears burning as it hit her
breasts.  He had stuck 30 or 40 pins in each tit, it hurt, but when
he lit the lighter and brought it to the head of the pin sticking
from the middle of her nipple, she sheiked.

     "Uhhh... uhhh... uhhh.... p.. pplll... uhhh... fuck...
FUCK!!!"

     "What's that?  You'll fuck me?"

     Codi nodded.  "That's not good enough," he said, and went back
to heating the pins.

     "Ohhhhhh.... please.... mmmmmm... fuck me..."

     The man smiled.  He closed the lighter and began to roughly
yank out the pins.  Once done, he unchained her and threw her to
the floor.  She looked up at him, her body trembling.

     He picked up a whip and began to lash her, she moved all over
the room trying to escape his unyielding hits, but it was useless,
she eventually lay out on the floor on her back and let him hit
her.

     When he got near her crotch she spread her legs, and he
whipped her until the vibrator fell out.  She was dizzy, there were
black spots in front of her eyes.

     She remembered him dropping the whip, and then holding her
legs so far back her knees touched her chest.  She felt as if her
ass was going to rip, then she was filled with warmth.

     He stood, but she knew it wasn't over.  He returned with a
syringe and an animal mask over his head.  He stuck her left breast
with the syringe and painfully injected her with it's juice.

     She felt the world swoon around her, her pain and discomfort
intensifying as he climbed on top of her.  She closed her eyes as
she felt his intense heat penetrate her.  She began to buck as her
body started to enjoy the sensations, then she opened her eyes.

     She screamed out as she looked up into the face of a wild
beast, she clawed and tried to escape it's grasp, but what ever
drug they had given her wouldn't allow her to lift her arms.

     The man in the mask laughed with great pleasure as he watched
the young girl helucinate below him, screaming as he fucked her
like a wild dog.

     He continued to screw her after he came, pushing her further
and further into her nightmarish state until she finally passed
out, her mind no longer able to handle it's drug induced emotional
state.

     Standing, he walked over and shut the video camera off.
Returning to her limp form on the floor, he spent several minutes
kicking, punching and throwing her body around, growling and
howling as he did it.

     Picking her up, he carried her out to his truck and threw her
into the back.  He drove her back to the town where she lives.  He
cruised around looking for the perfect place to leave her, finally
settling on the school in the middle of town.

     He pulled around back and threw her naked body into the trash,
knowing it would be hours before she woke up and stumbled amongst
her school mates.

     Codi was found some hours later by the school custodian, who
carried her through the halls of the school to the nurses office,
naked.  The police came after the drugs had worn off, but she was
unable to tell them anything, only remembering she was raped by a
werewolf.

     The cops laughed and said she went on a binge, probly found
herself in the wrong crowd, stupid kids doing drugs.

                              The End
