                               Coed Fun & Games


   It was 7 A.M. when Ann hit the showers.  She had an 8 o'clock class what
   was it?  Psychology?   God, why did  she sign up  for that subject?   Oh
   well, she needed an  elective.  How else was  she going to maintain  her
   hopefully busy social schedule?

   As the hot water beat softly against her young and supple skin, the  fog
   started to clear from her head and she remembered that she wasn't in her
   private shower back home.  She lived in a college dormitory now and  the
   showers were all open to each  other.  "Why don't they provide a  little
   privacy  around  here?"   Oh  well,  Ann  secretly  enjoyed  the lack of
   privacy.  Sometimes she found herself wondering, with a certain sense of
   excitement, just who  would be joining  her in the  shower each morning.
   She would cast her eyes shyly to the floor and become very quiet as  she
   struggled to find an  excuse to look at  her bathing partner.  Just  how
   long do  normal women  look at  each other  in the  buff?  Would  anyone
   suspect anything if her  eyes stopped momentarily to  appreciate certain
   portions of female anatomy?

   Ann often  worried herself.   After all,  she only  dated men.   She had
   never been to bed with another  woman.  She thought of herself as  quite
   heterosexual.  And  yet?------ Oh  God, what  was she  going to  do with
   these feelings?

   Ann's troubling thoughts were interrupted by the sound of another shower
   being turned on.   Startled, she glanced  across the tiled  floor to the
   shower head opposite  her.  It was  little Mary.  Actually,  little Mary
   wasn't so little.  She was only about  5 feet 1 inches tall but she  had
   round firm breasts the size of cantaloupes which were capped by  perfect
   pink nipples which when erect were the about as round as Ann's pinky and
   about three fourths of an inch long.

   Ann and Mary said  good morning to each  other politely and then  looked
   away.  Ann reached for her soap and worked up a lather.  Her hands  went
   to her own breasts which were  quite large also.  She felt aroused,  her
   nipples were erect.   She started to  feel embarrassed.  She  pulled her
   hands away from these  sensitive organs and began  to wash her back  and
   arms.  She dared  to sneak another  quick look at  Mary.  Mary was  bent
   over reaching for her bottle of  shampoo on the shower floor.  Her  back
   was turned  towards Ann  and the  view left  nothing to the imagination.
   Little Mary was wide open her firm round ass cheeks were open giving Ann
   a good look at Mary's pink  puckered anal rosebud, Ann could see  Mary's
   pink  cunt  lips  clearly  because  they  were  nicely shaved and spread
   slightly open.   Ann's soapy  hands darted  back and  forth over her own
   swollen genitals.

   Ann's embarrassment was beginning to  turn to guilt.  She wondered  what
   Mary would think of  her if she knew  how sexually aroused the  sight of
   her nakedness had made her.  Oh, how she longed to touch her just  once,
   to press  her lips  against her's-----hard!   To wrap  her hands  around
   Mary's gorgeous tits  and suck each  nipple into her  mouth.  Would Mary
   become wet?  Would she want more?  Would she want Ann to continue and to
   probe her hot  little pussy and  lick her tits  and cunt?  Or  would she
   tell everyone that Ann was a freak and that they should keep their doors
   locked?  Ann became very frightened by such thoughts.  For a moment  she
   would lose her  sexual desire and  retreat into a  secret corner of  her
   mind.   Mary  abruptly  ended  such  an  escape  with  "Do  you have any
   conditioner?"  She was  all cheery and  wide eyed, standing  directly in
   front of Ann.  Her firm breasts heaved with a little girlish sigh as she
   stood spread legged in front of Ann.

   Ann stumbled  for words  as she  handed Mary  the bottle of conditioner.
   "Sure---uh---here you are---uh--."  Mary said thanks in the same  cheery
   fashion, gently tweaked Ann's left  nipple, turned and went back  to her
   own shower head.   Ann was totally  stunned.  "Why had  Mary touched her
   nipple?"  "What did  she mean by  it?"  "Was she  just joking around  or
   does Mary entertain some  of the same sexual  fantasies I do?"  Now  Ann
   was determined to find out if  Mary was as sexually aroused as  she was.
   To hell with  what others might  find out or  think of her.   She wanted
   Mary in the worst way and if there was any chance...  Well, the risk  is
   worth it if she could feel Mary's body against hers.

   Ann walked deliberately  towards Mary.  As  Ann approached, Mary  turned
   and smiled.   "Need your  conditioner back,"  she said?   Ann hesitantly
   took the  bottle from  Mary's hand  and as  she did  her eyes  fell upon
   Mary's breasts.  They  were so round  and firm and  they stood there  at
   attention  as  if  asking  to  be  admired.  Ann's free hand reached for
   Mary's right  breast.  She  gently cupped  it and  began tracing circles
   around  it  with  her  fingers.   Mary  stiffened  a little at first but
   offered no  resistance to  Ann's advance.   As she  continued to massage
   Mary's breast with her left hand, Ann dropped the bottle of conditioner.
   She brought her right hand to Mary's breast and now squeezed and fondled
   these breasts she had admired for so long with both hands.  The touch of
   Mary's skin was ten times more delicious than she had imagined it  would
   be.   Ann  was  becoming  very  aroused  and she could feel her clitoris
   beginning to throb with anticipation.  Vaginal secretions were beginning
   to flow in abundance and she  could feel them trickling down the  inside
   of her left thigh.   Ann let out a  deep but barely audible  moan as she
   gloried in the  excitement of the  moment.  "How is  little Mary's pussy
   doing," she thought  as she reached  with her right  hand to caress  the
   little dark patch  of hair that  covered it.  Gently  she pulled at  the
   curls and  then slowly  slid her  middle finger  into Mary's wet vagina.
   She traced the inner and outer lips with her exploring finger, they were
   slippery with Mary's  excitement.  Ann found  her clitoris and  began to
   massage  it  gently.   The  excitement  Ann felt was overwhelming.  Mary
   struggled to quiet  her screams of  delight by burying  her face in  the
   crook of Ann's  neck and shoulder.   Ann continued to  finger Mary's now
   swollen  clit.   Periodically  Ann  would  bring lubrication from Mary's
   vagina to her clit by inserting  her finger a few inches.  Mary's  knees
   were beginning to get weak and she was holding on to Ann very tightly so
   she wouldn't fall.  The water from the shower was drenching both of them
   and it was making things very slippery.  Ann decided she had better  lie
   Mary down before they both fell  and hurt themselves.  As Ann help  Mary
   to the floor she  came face to face  with Mary's beautiful snatch.   She
   ventured a taste, allowing her tongue to flick lightly over Mary's moist
   clean shaven  pussy lips.   Ann marvelled  at the  sweet taste of Mary's
   delicious  sex.   She  went  wild  with  the taste of Mary's slick pussy
   juice.   She  began  to  suck  and  lick  and mouth every part of Mary's
   womanhood.  Her tongue  finally came to  rest on Mary's  throbbing clit.
   As Ann slowly and methodically licked her love button, Mary was writhing
   on the floor of the shower in a state of shear ecstasy.  Ann reached  up
   to grasp both of Mary's nipples while she continued to feast on her  now
   very juicy pussy and  as she gently pinched  them between her thumb  and
   forefinger,  Mary  came.   Mary's  supple  body  convulsed with waves of
   pleasure and she let out a quiet scream.  Then her body went  completely
   limp and she moaned softly.  Ann  felt very pleased with herself as  she
   looked at the gentle contented smile on Mary's face.

   Ann glanced at the  wall clock as she  helped Mary to her  feet.  It was
   now 7:45 A.M.  Ann thought, "lucky  no one walked in and discovered  our
   morning interlude."   They began  to gather  their things  to get out of
   there before someone did walk in on them.  As they started to leave  the
   room, Mary grabbed Ann's arm gently  and said, "why don't you come  down
   to my room for a few minutes?"  Ann obliged.

   Mary's roommate  had not  yet left  for class  when they  arrived.  Mary
   introduced Ann to Jill, a petite blond with long hair and a nice figure.
   Ann was immediately aroused as  Jill was just getting dressed  and stood
   in front of her with her firm breasts exposed and her pussy clad only in
   high cut  french briefs  which clearly  outlined her  pouting cunt lips.
   Jill seemed very friendly and in no  hurry to get dressed and be on  her
   way.  Mary put  her arm around  her roommate and  whispered something in
   her ear.  Jill's eyes  lit up and she  turned to Ann saying  "I hear you
   have been making it with Mary",  Ann blushed and nodded her head.   Jill
   came over to Ann and pulled  open her robe.  Ann's nipples were  hard as
   pencil erasers and her pussy was flowing with juice.  Jill told Ann that
   anyone who made it with Mary would have to make it with her too.   Ann's
   eyes shone with delight  as she thought of  the pleasure that she  would
   soon be enjoying.  Jill pulled Ann's robe off her shoulders and lead her
   to the bed.  Mary  joined them and as  Jill played with Ann's  full firm
   breasts Mary pulled Ann's panties off and spread her legs to gain access
   to her sopping pussy.   By the time Ann  realized she was laying  on the
   bed Mary had her legs spread  wide and was licking and sucking  her cunt
   while Jill fondled and sucked  her swollen tits.  Ann could  feel Mary's
   tongue circle her erect clit and alternately plunge into her hot  vagina
   as Jill sucked and nibbled on her tits.  Ann's body was convulsing  with
   orgasm now and she begged Jill to  sit on her face so she could  eat her
   cunt.  Jill removed her panties  and spread her shaved cunt  lips giving
   Ann a good look at her hot wet pussy.  After making Ann beg for it a bit
   more Jill straddled Ann's face and slowly lowered her sopping slit  onto
   Ann's  eager  mouth.   Ann  reveled  in  the musky taste of Jill's slick
   shaved snatch and began  to lick her clit  and probe Jill's tasty  inner
   reaches.  Jill  climaxed quickly  and rode  Ann's face  hard filling her
   mouth with  her orgasmic  juices while  Mary continued  to cause  Ann to
   climax with her talented tongue.

   After her orgasm Jill got up and went to the closet and got out a  large
   dildo attached to some straps.  Ann watched as Jill fit the smaller  end
   of this double headed monster into her own pussy and adjusted the straps
   so that it stood out like a large heavy prick.  Jill got behind Mary who
   was still licking and sucking  Ann and after licking her  roommates cunt
   and asshole positioned  the fake cock  at the entrance  of Mary's pussy.
   Mary feeling the  dildo started to  push back against  the invading pole
   forcing it deep into her cunt and leaving Ann's pussy.  Jill told Ann to
   get  under  Mary  and  lick  her  clit  while  she was fucking her.  Ann
   reversed her position and crawled under Mary until her head was  between
   Mary's delicious thighs.  Ann watched as Jill forced the monster cock up
   her roommates  cunt until  Mary had  the full  10 inches  of fat plastic
   imbedded in  her pussy.   Mary went  to work  on Ann's  cunt and asshole
   which were now just  even with he face.   Ann felt fully opened  as Mary
   licked her clit and forced her  fingers up her cunt and anus.   Ann went
   to work  on Mary's  clit as  she watched  the huge  plastic shaft  being
   repeatedly buried in her new friends hot pussy.  Jill and Mary were both
   cumming as Ann reached back  between Jill's legs and forced  her fingers
   up Jill's tight  asshole.  Both girls  worked their way  down from their
   tremendous climax as Ann started  to cum thrusting her hips  into Mary's
   face.  The  three girls  collapsed in  a heap  of sweating but satisfied
   flesh and continued  to rub and  fondle each other  until their strength
   returned.  Ann was the first to recover and she begged Mary to fuck  her
   with the dildo.

   Mary rolled over to Jill and  unsnapped the straps holding the dildo  in
   Jill's cunt and pulled it out then took the end which was in Jill's slit
   into her mouth licking Jill's copious juices from the fat plastic shaft.
   Mary forced the end up her hot well fucked twat and attached the straps.
   Jill moved over and  sucked on the free  end of Mary's artificial  prick
   adding to the  juices clinging to  it from its  previous trip up  Mary's
   pussy.  Mary told Ann  to roll on her  side and prepare herself  for the
   fucking of a lifetime.  Jill layed down next to Ann her face inches from
   Ann's juicy cunt as Mary raised Ann's leg opening her cunt and  exposing
   her pink  puckered asshole.   Mary moved  in and  forced the fat plastic
   cock up Ann's cunt  as Jill began to  lick Ann's clit.  Ann  was flooded
   with pleasure as the long fat shaft filled her quivering slit and Jill's
   talented tongue  lashed her  stiff hard  clit.  Ann  seeing Jill's slick
   shaved cunt in front of her quickly pulled Jill's cunt to her mouth  and
   began to  lick and  suck Jill's  hot pussy.   As Ann's  passion grew she
   reached around Jill's hip and pushed two fingers up Jill's pulsing anus.
   Mary was  really fucking  Ann, Ramming  the fat  plastic cock into Ann's
   cunt with quick long strokes and rubbing her fingers over Ann's hot  ass
   pucker.  Sensing Ann was climaxing Mary pressed her fingers up Ann's hot
   anus setting off a  tremendous climax for Ann.   As soon as her  passion
   began to  ebb Mary  pulled the  dildo out  of Ann's  cunt Jill  began to
   tongue fuck Ann's hot wet cunt.  Spreading Ann's ass cheeks Mary  forced
   the  dildo  up  Ann's  asshole  making  Ann  moan  with  pleasure.  Mary
   meanwhile felt a  Jill's hand spread  her ass and  Jill's fingers invade
   her tight nether hole probing in time to the strokes she was giving Ann.
   It took only a few minutes for Ann to reach climax again but not  before
   Jill climaxed and Mary got off from the insistent pounding of the  dildo
   up her snatch  combined with the  feeling of Jill's  fingers pounding up
   her rectum.  The girls were finally satisfied and after a short rest and
   another shower they dressed and went to classes.

   All day Ann thought  about the events of  the morning and her  pussy was
   constantly wet with the remembrances of her fucking and sucking  session
   with Mary and  Jill.  Ann wanted  it to happen  again and this  time Ann
   wanted to use the dildo on her new found sex partners.  Ann got back  to
   her room about 4:00 PM and stripped down naked as soon as she got  their
   and began to play with her still wet pussy.  Ann's roommate had  flunked
   out at mid semester and she had the whole room to herself so she  spread
   herself out  on the  bed with  her vibrator  and worked  herself into  a
   frenzy.  No  matter how  good it  felt it  just wasn't  the same  as the
   feelings she had with Jill and Mary.  Ann was lying back thinking when a
   knock at  her door  interrupted her  daydreaming.  Grabbing  a towel Ann
   covered up and went to the door.

   To her delight it was Jill, Jill had come to look for Ann, Ann let  Jill
   in and gave  her a passionate  kiss.  Jill returned  her kiss and  their
   tongues played back and forth in  each others mouths for a few  moments.
   Jill then reached  down pushing back  the towel covering  Ann's cunt and
   rubbed Ann's pussy slowly inserting two fingers up Ann's still  slippery
   cunt.  Jill  invited Ann  to come  to her  and Mary's  room for  a while
   before dinner and Ann gratefully accepted.  Ann moved to get dressed but
   since their room  was just a  short way down  the hall Jill  told her to
   just come as she was.  Ann knew  this meant they were going to have  sex
   again and  the thought  of sucking  and licking  Mary and  Jill made her
   pussy throb with anticipation.  Ann  knew that tonight would be  a night
   to remember and she rubbed her pussy as she and Jill walked to her room.

   As they entered the room Mary closed the door and locked it.  "You won't
   mind being a little late for  dinner this evening will you," Mary  asked
   coyly?  Ann smiled, "no, I won't mind at all," she replied.  Mary  undid
   the knot in Ann's  towel and it fell  to the floor.  She  knelt down and
   spread Ann's pussy  lips, exposing her  clit.  Ann's eyes  closed with a
   flutter and she braced herself  against the door behind her.   Her pussy
   was already wet but as Mary began to lick gently on her swollen clit the
   love juices began to flow like  a river down the inside of  both thighs.
   The walls of her  vagina were contracting so  hard that her stomach  was
   heaving in and  out in an  obvious fashion.  Mary's  tongue was flicking
   and caressing her clit and she  could feel a finger thrusting deep  into
   her vagina.  She felt as if she were going to explode.  And she did, all
   over Mary.  Her pussy juices gushed out as her entire body shuddered  in
   ecstasy.   Mary  didn't  mind  the  unexpected  shower,  she just patted
   herself dry with Ann's  towel and let out  a little giggle.  Ann  slowly
   slumped to her knees, lost in her own world of orgasmic bliss.

   Jill who had been watching the  lust filled show came to Ann's  side and
   rubbed her  tits and  cunt twisting  her erect  nipples.  "Ann would you
   like to get  fucked by a  man now, would  you like to  feel a real  cock
   sliding up your cunt and into  your mouth and ass, " Jill  asked?  Ann's
   eyes looked up to see Jill, Mary  and two boys looking at her with  lust
   filled eyes.  The guys cocks were  obviously hard as the bulged out  the
   crotches of their pants.  Ann  nodded her head in agreement  thinking of
   all the  possible positions  she could  enjoy with  Mary, Jill and their
   boyfriends.  The guys helped  Ann to her feet  and brought her over  and
   layed  her  spread  eagle  on  the  bed.  Jill and Mary introduced their
   boyfriends Bill and Dave, both were juniors and were use to seeing  Mary
   and Jill getting it on but were very turned on by the thought of a three
   girl orgy.  Jill and Mary told Ann to relax and watch as they  proceeded
   to strip each others boyfriend.   Jill started on Dave by  unzipping his
   pants and fishing out his cock.   Ann was impressed as Dave's cock  came
   into view, it was thick and about  8 inches long with a large head  that
   was already leaking pre-cum.  Jill  quickly popped Dave's cock into  her
   mouth and forcing his entire shaft  down her throat by grabbing his  ass
   and pushing his cock into her mouth and throat.  Dave was groaning  with
   pleasure as Jill throated his cock while she undid his jeans and slipped
   them down.  Mary was stripping Bill  and she pulled off his t-shirt  and
   licked his nipples as Bill squeezed her firm tits.  Mary undid his  belt
   and  pants  and  shoved  them  down  along  with his briefs exposing his
   monster cock which  sprung out almost  straight.  Bill was  just over 10
   inches long and as  thick around as the  fake penis they had  been using
   earlier that morning.  Mary started  to suck Bill's cock into  her mouth
   swirling her tongue around the head of that long hard shaft licking  off
   the pre-cum which covered the engorged head.  By now Jill had Dave naked
   and was spreading his ass cheeks  and rubbing her finger into his  hairy
   asshole.  Looking back at Mary Ann noticed she too had stripped Bill and
   was rubbing his thick shaft all over her face making her cheeks  glisten
   with his  clear pre-cum.   Mary tilted  her head  and slowly  forced his
   entire cock down her  throat and began to  fuck his cock with  her mouth
   and throat until Bill started to  moan and pull back not wanting  to cum
   so soon.

   Dave turned  the tables  on Jill  and began  to strip  her, removing her
   blouse and freeing  her firm tits  which he rubbed  and squeezed pulling
   her already stiff nipples making  her moan with delight.  Dave  held her
   facing Ann on the  bed and reached around  to undo her jeans  and pushed
   them and her  panties down in  one quick movement.   Kneeling behind her
   Dave pulled her pants and panties off her legs and licked his way up  to
   her  firm  ass.   Ann  was  watching  with rapt attention as Dave spread
   Jill's legs  and pushed  his thick  long fingers  into her  wet slippery
   pussy as he spread her ass cheeks and lick her puckered pink anus.   Ann
   could contain her lust no longer  and as Mary began to strip  Bill Ann's
   hand went to her own sopping cunt  and she began to finger her wet  hole
   forcing two  fingers into  her quaking  twat while  she rubbed her stiff
   clit.  Bill pulled Mary's sweater over her head exposing her creamy tits
   and stiff pink nipples.  Bill sucked  on Mary's nipples as he undid  her
   pants making Mary moan with anticipation.  Turning Mary to face Ann Bill
   pulled her  pants down  to her  ankles pausing  to rub  her pussy in the
   process.   After  pulling  the  pants  off  her legs Bill reached up and
   ripped her flimsy panties off  in one motion leaving her  dripping pussy
   ready to  be stimulated.   Bill spread  Mary's legs  and shoved his long
   cock between  her legs  from behind  her as  he cupped  her left tit and
   fingered her clit.  Mary was moaning loudly now as Bill's cock  appeared
   between her cunt lips  and he squeezed her  tit and nipple and  fingered
   her clit.  Ann was climaxing just  watching the show Jill, Mary and  the
   guys were putting  on for her.   Ann's cut was  soaking and her  fingers
   were deep up her pussy as she arched her back in orgasmic delight.

   Jill, Mary and the guys climbed on the bed with Ann.  Jill went down  on
   Ann licking her sopping pussy and pushing her fingers up Ann's hot  cunt
   and anus.  Dave got up behind  Jill and spread her cunt open  and shoved
   his stiff prick up Jill's slippery slit ramming it deep into her pulsing
   cunt.  Dave licked his fingers and worked two of them into Jill's  tight
   rectum as he pounded her  pussy with long hard strokes.   Mary meanwhile
   had straddled Ann's  face and lowered  her pussy to  Ann's mouth letting
   Ann lick her clit and drink her copious juices.  Bill got in behind Mary
   and forced  his massive  shaft up  Mary's cunt  going balls  deep on the
   first thrust.  Mary was moaning with  pleasure and Ann had a great  view
   of Bill's fat long  cock as it spread  and stretched Mary's tight  cunt.
   The guys  kept up  their pounding  in Jill  and Mary's  cunts until both
   girls had a screaming orgasm.  As Bill's cum overflowed into Ann's mouth
   she  also  climaxed  and  Jill  drank  down her sweet pussy juice.  Bill
   pulled his cock out of Mary's cunt and pushed it into Ann's mouth as  he
   rubbed and fingered Mary's asshole letting Ann taste his cock covered in
   his sperm and Mary's  cunt juice.  Ann took  Bill's long cock deep  into
   her throat and soon had him hard again.  Jill had been working on Dave's
   cock and his cock was now stiff  and shiny from her mouth work and  from
   the finger she had stuck up  his asshole.  Bill's cock had grown  to its
   former proportions and Ann was  hoping Bill would soon be  pounding that
   monster shaft deep  into her vagina.   Mary had moved  from her position
   over Ann's face  and was behind  Jill reaching around  to play with  her
   tits and nipples  while she finger  fucked Jill's cunt  and ass as  Jill
   sucked Dave's cock.

   Ann wanted Bill's big stiff meat in  her pussy so she took the lead  and
   got up on all fours doggy style and begged Bill to fuck her.  Bill moved
   in behind Ann his long fat  cock pointed at her upturned rear.   Ann put
   her head on  the pillow and  reached back pulling  her ass cheeks  apart
   showing Bill her pink puckered anus and spreading open her hot  dripping
   cunt.  Bill  moved forward  and rubbed  the head  of his throbbing prick
   into Ann's cunt and rubbed it up  and down from her clit to her  pulsing
   pink anus.  Ann was frantic now to feel Bill's big prick up her pussy so
   she pushed back forcing the head of Bill's thick prick into her steaming
   slit.  Bill pushed  forward and slowly  forced his entire  cock up Ann's
   clutching pussy.   Ann let  out a  long low  moan of  pleasure as Bill's
   monster stretched her pussy and invaded the depths of her sweet  snatch.
   Bill proceeded to ream Ann's cunt with long slow strokes stretching  her
   cunt with  each stroke  and slapping  her open  pussy with  his big  cum
   filled balls.  Mary and Jill were putting Dave to good use next to  them
   on the bed.  Dave  was on his back  with Mary sitting on  his stiff cock
   while  Jill  licked  Mary's  clit  as  Mary  pounded  Dave's cock up her
   slippery  cunt.   Dave  had  pulled  Jill's  pussy  to his mouth and was
   licking her clit while he finger fucked her cum filled cunt.  Ann wanted
   to help so while Bill reamed  her pussy with his stiff cock  Ann reached
   over and shoved  two fingers up  Jill's open anus.   This got Jill  very
   excited and she bucked her cunt into Dave's mouth making herself  climax
   quickly.  Mary was enjoying her ride on Dave's stiff long prick and  she
   pulled her nipples as she rode Dave's cock with wanton abandon.

   Jill moved off Dave's face and slipped under Ann spreading her legs  and
   making  her  pussy  available  to  Ann's  mouth.   Ann  lost  no time in
   spreading  Jill's  pussy  and  began  to  lick her clit while she finger
   fucked Jill's  creamy cunt  and pink  rimmed anus.   Jill began  to lick
   Ann's  overworked  cunt  just  as  Ann  began to climax squeezing Bill's
   monster cock even  tighter.  Bill sucame  to the tightness  of Ann's hot
   tight slit and began to pump a river of cum up her stretched slit.  Jill
   was quick to  lick up Bill's  overflow as he  reamed his cock  deep into
   Ann's pussy.  To  Ann's surprise Bill  was far from  done and he  pulled
   back freeing his prick from Ann's cunt.  Jill seeing that Bill still had
   a serviceable  hard on  grabbed his  cock and  pressed the still swollen
   pulsing head against Ann's asshole.   Ann wondered if she would  be able
   to take Bill's big cock up her ass but when she heard Mary cry out  with
   the pleasure of her orgasm on Dave's cock she knew she had to try.   Ann
   pressed  back  and  Bill's  cock  started  to spread her tight pink anal
   pucker while Ann tried to relax her ass to allow that long fat prick  to
   enter her asshole.  Slowly she felt Bill's long pecker inch its way into
   her tight  rectum and  finally she  felt his  balls pushing  against her
   pussy  lips.   Bill's  cock  began  to  saw  in and out of Ann's asshole
   sending waves of pleasure through  her pussy and ass.  Dave  came around
   and grabbed Jill's legs which were  hanging over the end of the  bed and
   pulled them up  in the air  in this position  Jill's ass was  completely
   exposed  and  open.   Mary  joined  Dave  and removed Ann's fingers from
   Jill's asshole spread Jill's ass cheeks and grabbed Dave's cock  guiding
   his prick into Jill's well lubed  anus.  Dave forced his cock deep  into
   Jill's asshole with one quick lunge, Ann could feel his cock pushed deep
   into Jill's rectum and rub against her fingers which were still imbedded
   up  Jill's  pussy.   Ann  began  to  climax an tightened her anus around
   Bill's big prick forcing him to  spew his sticky sperm into her  bowels.
   Being a bit fucked out Bill  pulled out of Ann's asshole after  whipping
   his sperm into  a creamy froth  around Ann's asshole.   Dave was pumping
   hard  now  in  Jill's  asshole  and  Jill  was climaxing steadily as she
   twitched and jumped  under the double  assault of Dave's  cock and Ann's
   tongue and fingers.

   Mary  seeing  Bill  leave  his  position  in Ann's asshole went over and
   sucked his now  deflated cock into  her mouth sucking  the entire length
   down  her  throat.   Seeing  Ann's  anus  still  open  Mary switched her
   attention to Ann's open asshole and forced her long tongue up Ann's open
   ass licking  and sucking  Bill's sperm  from Ann's  pulsing sperm filled
   rectum.  Dave  started to  cum in  Jill's ass  and filled  her hot  anal
   cavity with his creamy load.  Dave finished grinding his cock up  Jill's
   butt and  pulled out  leaving Ann  to lick  his sperm  from Jill's  open
   dripping asshole.   The guys  were done  for the  evening unable to make
   their cocks rise again despite valiant coaxing by all three girls.  Mary
   complained that she had been cheated so Ann licked and tongue fucked her
   asshole while Jill fingered Mary's pussy and licked her clit until  Mary
   had another massive orgasm and passed  out on the bed.  Ann thanked  the
   guys Jill and even the unconscious Mary for the pleasure they had shared
   with her.  Jill told Ann that  this was just the beginning and  that she
   was invited to a  frat party later that  week where tonight's sex  would
   seem tame.  Ann thanked her again and the girls cuddled and stroked each
   other while Dave and Bill dressed and left.  Later that evening the  got
   up and went to dinner and as Ann crawled into her bed she thought  about
   the party on Friday.

   By the time Friday had rolled around Ann, Mary and Jill were regular sex
   partners.  Each morning after their  shower together they would go  back
   to Ann's room and eat and suck  each other off then go to breakfast  and
   their classes.  Once Ann and Jill even worked in a nooner going back  to
   Ann's room after lunch and licking each other into a frenzy and going on
   to class smelling  lick a pair  of whores.  Ann  was delighted with  the
   arrangement and hoped they could keep up the relationship all  semester.
   On Friday morning Mary and Jill had Ann strap on the dildo and fuck each
   of them in the  cunt and asshole.  Ann  enjoyed it as did  Mary and Jill
   and Mary told Ann that tonight they would skip their usual before dinner
   tryst so they would be good and horny for the frat party.  Ann, Mary and
   Jill showered after dinner and Jill to Ann that she should wait for them
   to come to her room before she  got dressed to go to the party  as there
   was special considerations for tonight's affair.  Ann secretly  wondered
   what  was  so  important  about  how  she  was  to  dress but waited for
   instruction from her friends.

   The girls arrived  about 7:30 to  find Ann laying  on her bed  naked and
   dosing.   Mary  quickly  got  down  between  her  thighs and woke up the
   sleeping Ann by  licking and sucking  her pussy.  While  Jill rubbed and
   licked Ann's nipples.  Soon Ann  was wide awake and ready  for anything.
   Jill explained that in  order to attend the  orgy party at the  frat Ann
   would have  to shave  her pussy  so that  her cunt  lips were completely
   exposed.  Ann had wondered why Jill and Mary maintained their pussies in
   a clean shaven condition but had resisted asking for fear of displeasing
   her new sex partners.  Ann quickly agreed and Jill and Mary brought her

   over to the old armchair beside the bed and sat her down on the edge  of
   the seat  so that  her cunt  was just  hanging over  the edge.  Jill got
   between her legs as Mary left the room returning shortly with a basin of
   hot water and a razor and shaving cream.  By the time Mary had  returned
   Jill had gotten Ann very worked up and had a finger up her cunt and  ass
   while Ann twisted with passion in the chair.  Mary pulled Jill away from
   Ann's pussy  and placed  a warm  wet cloth  on Ann's  cunt.  After a few
   minutes Mary  removed the  cloth and  spread the  shaving cream on Ann's
   exposed cunt lips.   Mary carefully shaved  all the hair  off Ann's cunt
   lips  and  all  the  way  up  to  the  start of her slit.  After she had
   completed her pussy Mary got Ann up on all fours and with Jill spreading
   Ann's ass cheeks open she shaved  around her pink anal ring making  sure
   to clean all the hair off.  Ann was nearing climax as Mary massaged  her
   cunt and asshole with  oil to prevent drying  of the skin and  when Jill
   joined her and pushed two fingers up her asshole while Mary inserted her
   fingers up Ann's cunt Ann began  to climax adding her own juices  to the
   slippery mixture between  her legs.  Jill  told mary to  shower and join
   them in their bedroom.

   While Ann was showering a tall brunette named Carol came in joining  her
   and Ann noticed that Carol's pussy lips looked newly shaved like her own
   and wondered if Carol was going to the same party as she was.  Ann could
   see that Carol was  watching her too and  soon Ann's lust over  came her
   shyness and she spoke to Carol.  Ann asked Carol if she had been shaving
   her pussy long Carol with a bit  of a joking tone told her that  she had
   just done it.  Ann told her that her pussy was just newly shorn also and
   that she was going to a party that evening.  Carol warming a bit to  the
   conversation, told Ann that she was going to a frat party and that  some
   friends of hers had  insisted on shaving her  cunt before she could  go.
   Ann told her that  Jill and Mary had  done her and that  she was looking
   forward to going to  the party.  Ann being  a bit bold now  moved toward
   Carol and put her hand on Carol's full firm tit and gently pulled on her
   already hot  stiff nipple.   Carol sighed  and Ann  knew that  they were
   going to be very intimate friends.  Carol placed her hand on Ann's belly
   and slowly moved it  down until her fingers  spread Ann's cunt lips  and
   found their way up  into Ann's slick wet  cunt.  Ann started to  suck on
   Carol's nipple and  slid her hands  down to her  cunt and around  to her
   firm ass.  Grabbing Carol's ass  cheek Ann pushed her finger  up Carol's
   hot anal pucker  as she worked  her other fingers  into Carol's steaming
   pussy.  In no time the girls were on the floor in a sixty nine  position
   licking and sucking each others slick shaved twats as they fingered each
   others hot  cunts and  assholes.  Carol  came first  flooding Ann's face
   with  her  fragrant  pussy  juice  the  taste  and feel of Carols juices
   brought Ann to  climax and she  drenched her new  friend in thick  pussy
   juice  which  Carol  licked  down  as  quickly as possible.  After their
   shower the girls decided to keep  their meeting a secret at least  until
   the party was over.

   When  Ann  returned  she  found  Jill  and  Mary enjoying each other and
   watched their lusty play until  they had finished.  Looking up  Jill saw
   Ann and the next part of the  ritual began.  Jill had Ann follow her  to
   their room where Mary  was waiting for them.   On the bed she  had layed
   out Ann's cloths  for the evening.   Jill removed Ann's  robe and Played
   with her tits  and cunt while  Mary explained the  evenings plan.  First
   they dressed Ann in a pair of nylons and a garter belt then they had Ann
   get into one of her nearly  see through blouses and a short  skirt.  Ann
   asked about panties and  a bra but Mary  told her she would  have no use
   for the tonight and she raised her own skirt to show Ann her black  lace
   garter belt.  Jill too lifted the hem of her skirt showing Ann that  she
   was similarly attired.  With the  dressing over Jill and Mary  explained
   that tonight they would be sucked  and fucked by as many guys  and girls
   as they could manage.  Ann was a bit nervous as they left for the  short
   walk to the fraternity house but she was determined to go thru with  the
   evenings festivities.  Ann could  feel the wetness running  down between
   her legs as they  walked the three blocks  to the party.  When  they got
   their they were greeted by Dave,  Bill and Don.  Bill introduced Don  to
   Ann and they all went inside.

   Ann could hear music playing in  another room and they were escorted  by
   some of the  frat brothers into  a small room  off the main  hall.  Jill
   told  Ann  that  she  would  have  to  stay  here  a  while they cleared
   everything with the guys.  Mary came  over to Ann and pulled up  the hem
   of her skirt in  front and in back  and tucked it into  the waistband of
   her skirt.  Ann noticed the  appreciative looks on Bill, Dave  and Don's
   faces as  they ogled  her newly  shaved cunt.   Mary then unbuttoned her
   blouse  and  tucked  it  back  exposing  her  tits for all to see.  Jill
   cautioned Ann that she had to  remain this way until later and  that she
   couldn't leave the room unless told  to do so.  With that they  all left
   and Ann stood around wondering what was going to happen.  Shortly  Carol
   came in escorted by a guy and another girl they said Hi to Ann as though
   she wasn't standing there with her  boobs hanging out and her pussy  and
   ass exposed.  Carol winked at her and the girl opened Carol's blouse and
   lifted her skirt in  a similar manner to  Ann's.  The girl kissed  Carol
   and played  with her  pussy slipping  her finger  into Carol's cunt then
   licking it.  The  guy followed suit  and as he  was fingering Carol  the
   girl introduced  herself to  Ann as  Lisa and  her boyfriend Rich.  Lisa
   kissed Ann and felt her breasts and pussy telling Ann she was  beautiful
   and that she wanted to eat her cunt later.  After Lisa was done Rich did
   the same slipping two  long fingers up her  cunt and his pinky  into her
   anus.  This continued until 4  girls were brought into the  room.  After
   each girl was left they would exchange stories and wonder what was going
   to happen.

   Their questions were soon answered as two guys came in and ushered  them
   naked cunts, asses and  tits and all into  a large room filled  with the
   other members of the frat and  their girlfriends.  All were a bit  drunk
   but fully clothed, Ann and the  other girls felt a bit odd  exposed this
   way  to  all  these  strangers  but  also  a  bit turned on by the sheer
   strangeness of the situation.  The girls were directed to the center  of
   the room  and told  to stand  in a  small circle  facing out  toward the
   onlookers.  The girls were told to introduce themselves to the group and
   one by  one Ann  starting then  Carol next  followed by  a cute red head
   named Ceil who's red haired  mound glistened with her juices.   The last
   girl was a cute  brunet named Sue she  had nice full tits  and her pussy
   was shaved exposing her full pouting pink pussy lips which were  covered
   with her flowing pussy juice.  Ann  could tell Sue vas very aroused  and
   wanted to lick and suck that juice from her full lush cunt.  Jill got up
   and brought in four guys from  another room and had them stand  in front
   of each of the girls.  The guys were dressed normally except that  their
   cocks and balls were hanging  out of their zippers.  Jill  escorted each
   guy to a girl by grabbing them by their now stiffening cocks and leading
   them around.  Don was  paired with Ann and  the other guys were  lead to
   the girls they came in with.  Ann suspected what was going to happen and
   was  glad  she  had  Don  as  he  had  a big cock bigger than Bill's she
   estimated.  One by one the guys introduced themselves starting with Don.
   The next guy's name was  Alan he had a nice  long cock and a cute  smile
   and he was  paired with Carol.   Rich who she  had talked to  was paired
   with Ceil and his cock was enormous it must have measured 12 inches  and
   was very fat around, Ann silently wondered how such a petite girl  could
   get that monster cock up her pussy.  The last guy Mike had a nice  prick
   which wasn't quite as large as the others but still measured in at about
   9 inches and looked very inviting.

   Jill announced  that they  would be  entertaining this  evening and that
   each guy would start  by stripping eating then  fucking the girl he  was
   paired with.   Jill continued  to explain  that they  would then  switch
   partners and continue the process  until all the girls had  gotten their
   pleasure with each guy.  Ann was a bit reluctant at first but as Don got
   to his knees and began to suck  and finger her pussy Ann knew she  would
   be there to the end.  Each guy  started on his partner and soon all  the
   girls were naked and very aroused.  Ceil had her first orgasm while Rich
   was  licking  her  cunt  and  finger  fucking  her tight little cunt and
   asshole.  Mike had Sue down on her hands and knees in no time and spread
   her firm ass  cheeks slipping his  finger up her  anus as he  forced his
   cock into her slippery  twat.  Don had Ann  down on her hands  and knees
   and licked her pussy and asshole until the pleasure overcame her and she
   moaned out her orgasm.  Alan had  Carol on her back and was  pumping his
   cock  into  her  with  deep  hard  strokes  making  her  scream out with
   pleasure.  Looking around Ann  saw Ceil get down  on her hand and  knees
   and Rich move in behind her his huge cock stiff and ready.  Ceil reached
   back and opened  her cunt and  ass inviting him  to pleasure her.   Rich
   licked  two  fingers  and  gently  probed  her tight pink anal ring then
   slowly forced both fingers up her asshole until they were fully inserted
   in her tight rectum.  Ceil started to beg for his cock and reached  back
   grabbing for  his prick.   Rich moved  forward and  Ceil grasped his hot
   stiff meat pressing the large  throbbing head to her tight  little cunt.
   Ann watched in amazement as Rich's  cock slowly forced it way up  Ceil's
   tight little pussy spreading her cunt open until his balls were slapping
   her  clit.   Ceil  was  cumming  by  now  and  her  moans added to Ann's
   excitement.  Ann felt something going up her ass and looked back to  see
   Don forcing two long fingers up  her anus.  Don's cock was big  and hard
   and Ann reached  between her legs  and grabbed it  pressing the slippery
   engorged head to her pussy.  Don  began to press forward and Ann  rammed
   herself back hard burying  Don's cock to his  balls in one thrust.   Ann
   was fully  filled her  cunt began  to spasm  almost immediately  and her
   climax was the  most intense and  long lasting she  had ever had.   Each
   time Don's cock rammed into her pussy a new charge of passion shot  thru
   her cunt.  Don came quickly filling her cunt with his thick sperm as  he
   thrust away  in wild  abandon.  As  his cock  began to  wilt Ann  looked
   around to see how the other girls were getting it on.

   Sue was sucking off Mike getting  his cock hard again and Ann  could see
   Mike's cum dripping from her still open cunt.  Alan was fucking  Carol's
   mouth with his  cock and Ann  saw Alan's cream  running out of  her open
   slit and traveling down between her  ass cheeks as her mouth and  throat
   bulged with his stiffening prick.   Ceil was still being reamed  by Rich
   her cunt  was dripping  evidence that  Rich had  filled her tight little
   slit  and  was  still  going  strong.   This  intrigued  Ann and She was
   determined to take Rich's big  cock next.  Ann turned and  grabbed Don's
   cum slick cock and popped it  into her mouth sucking his dick  deep into
   her  throat  and  swirling  her  tongue  around  the  head of his prick.
   Looking past  Don Ann  noticed that  the show  they were  putting on was
   getting a rise so to speak from the audience.  A number of the  brothers
   had their cocks  out and were  being stroked by  their girlfriends.  The
   girls too were getting aroused and they all had their tops off and  were
   enjoying a hot tit massage from their frat brother boyfriends.  Once the
   guys were  all hard  again Jill  stood up  and announced  it was time to
   change partners.  Both Sue  and Ann headed to  Rich but Sue beat  Ann to
   the draw and grabbed Rich's big dick stuffing it into her mouth and deep
   into her throat.   Seeing that she  would have to  wait Ann reached  for
   Mike grabbing his cock and licking the head of his swollen shaft.   Ceil
   her cunt dripping  with Rich's thick  sperm traded partners  with Carol.
   Carol rolled over to Don and engulfed his rod with her mouth.  Alan  was
   getting a quick head job from Ceil as Ann heard Sue moaning and  watched
   as Sue straddled Rich  driving his fat long  cock up into her  wet cunt.
   Ann could only watch and wait for her turn on that massive prick.   Mike
   was loosing no time and pushed Ann down on her side and spread her  legs
   open raising one  over his shoulder.   Ann's cum stained  pussy was wide
   open and  Mike was  quick to  plunge his  cock into  her open slit as he
   worked his thumb up her slippery  anus.  From her position on the  floor
   Ann watched as Carol was being  reamed doggy style by Don his  big prick
   slamming in and out of her  stretched pussy as he finger fucked  her hot
   asshole.  Alan had gotten  Ceil to sit on  his prick and Ann  watched as
   Alan's prick forced it's way up into the little red heads pussy  pulling
   her pouting  lips in  and out  with it  on each  stroke.  Ann started to
   climax and Mike filled her cunt  with his cum blasting a huge  load into
   her already cum filled slit.  Carol  started to moan as she reached  her
   peak and Ann watched as Don's strokes in Carol's pussy took on a frantic
   pace.  Soon Carol felt the blast  of Don's thick load and went  over the
   top cumming  repeatedly and  hard.  Ceil  increased her  frantic pace on
   Alan's cock and began  to massage his ball's  as her climax hit  her and
   Alan unloaded his sperm in her pussy.  Again Rich was still going strong
   and  his  first  load  was  dripping  from  Sue's  packed slit.  Sue was
   gathering his sperm on her  fingers and licking it off.   This obviously
   turned both of them on and Sue began to climax just as Rich a  contorted
   look of lust on his face filled her pussy with yet another load.

   Ann looked around seeing  Sue take Rich's big  prick into her mouth  and
   start sucking him deep into her throat as Rich reached over her back and
   slipped his fingers  up Sue's asshole  probing her butt  with two strong
   fingers.  Ann grabbed Mike's cock and  began to suck him hard trying  to
   be the first to get her guy  hard again.  Carol had Don on his  back and
   was stroking and sucking his cum slick cock while Don pulled on her tits
   and nipples.  Ceil had Alan's cock  deep in her mouth and was  fingering
   his ass and massaging  his balls.  Ann could  see that the audience  had
   gotten more into the spirit of  the evening as all the girls  were naked
   now and a few of them had already taken up a perch on their guy's cocks.
   One slim blond had her guy's cock up her ass and was finger fucking  her
   own pussy while she  watched the show.  Ann  had gotten Mike hard  again
   and looked over to see that she again was too late to get Rich as  Carol
   was already there and  sucking his big cock  down her throat.  Ceil  was
   just moving away from Alan and his  cock was nice and stiff so Ann  went
   to him and plunged his slippery cock deep into her throat.  Ceil  traded
   with Ann and went to work sucking Mike's prick while fingering his butt.
   Sue her cunt dripping with Rich's double load of sperm went over to  Don
   and after giving his cock a quick workout with her mouth and tits  layed
   back and begged him to fuck her.  Don wasted no time and pulled her legs
   up plunging  his horse  cock into  her well  lubricated cunt going balls
   deep in on quick thrust.  Don began to suck Sue's tits as he reamed  her
   pussy bring moans of pleasure to her lips.  Carol layed down on her side
   and Rich licked her cunt while she plunged his big tool down her  throat
   and reached around to finger fuck his taught asshole.  Pretty soon Carol
   was begging Rich to stuff his monster up her slick twat so Rich move  in
   between her legs and pushed his  big fat cock deep into her  cum stained
   pussy.  Ann  swore she  could see  Carol's belly  push out  as that bull
   sized  cock  invaded  the  depths  of  Carol's hot twat.  Carol began to
   mutter and  moan as  Rich reamed  his cock  into her  sweet hole and Ann
   could tell Rich was fingering Carol's ass at the same time.  Alan pulled
   Ann  into  a  doggy  style  position  and  pushed two fingers up her hot
   asshole then rammed  his stiff throbbing  prick up her  pussy.  Alan was
   pumping  Ann's  pussy  with  hard  firm  strokes  as he matched his cock
   strokes with the strokes of his fingers up her asshole.  Ann liked  this
   double assault and dreamed  what it would be  like when Rich fucked  her
   with his monster prick.  Ceil the  little red headed dynamo had Mike  on
   his back and had  shoved his prick up  her pussy and was  pounding it up
   her slit hard and fast as she reached back and shoved her finger up  her
   own asshole.  Ann looked over to  see how Carol was doing with  Rich and
   caught the sight of Rich's first  load boiling out around his fat  shaft
   and running onto Carol's leg as she climaxed her face contorted with the
   pleasure  she  was  receiving  from  his  massive prick.  Ann watched as
   Rich's tick sperm  puddled on Carol's  thigh and it  got her so  excited
   that she began  to climax squeezing  Alan's prick in  her throbbing cunt
   until he came  too and filled  her slit with  his sperm.  Ceil  had just
   begun to climax and her high  pitch wine filled the room as  Mike filled
   her tight pussy with his load  of creamy sperm.  Sue was moaning  loudly
   as Don rammed his thick cock  balls deep in her open slit  bringing them
   both to climax  and filling her  hot hole with  his sperm.  Ann  watched
   thru a orgasmic  haze as Carol  began to tremble  clutching her tit  and
   belly as  she climaxed  again and  Rich filled  her stretched  cunt with
   another load of cum which overflowed her already sopping cunt and matted
   the hair on her mound into a white frothy island.  Rich pulled his  cock
   out and moved to  Carol's head pressing his  cum covered prick into  her
   mouth and pulled her hand between his ass cheeks and helped Carol  shove
   her fingers up his  asshole.  Ann couldn't wait  to get at Rich  and she
   quickly spun around and deep throated Alan's cock and shoved two fingers
   up Alan's asshole massaging his prostrate.

   Alan got hard quickly  and Ann left him  and went for Rich.   Ann pulled
   Rich away  from Carol  and pushed  him on  his back  his long stiff cock
   stood straight up and Ann went  down on Rich's massive dick ramming  his
   entire length into her mouth and throat.  Rich smiled at Ann and  Pulled
   her around so he could reach  her cummy cunt.  As Ann settled  her pussy
   over his face Rich pulled her cunt to his mouth and began to tongue fuck
   her hot slit.  Ann was in seventh heaven as she rammed Rich's  throbbing
   shaft deep into  her throat scarcely  stopping to breath  while Rich ate
   her pussy  and pressed  two fingers  up her  asshole.  Ceil had finished
   getting Mike hard and rolled over to Don tapping Sue on the shoulder and
   kissing Sue as she pulled Don's  cock from her sperm covered lips.   Sue
   looked around and saw that Alan was waiting for her so she let Ceil take
   over on Don's cock.   Ceil rammed Don's cock  into her mouth and  forced
   her cunt  onto his  mouth begging  him to  suck her  pussy.  Sue grabbed
   Alan's cock and shoved her face  down onto his prick until her  nose was
   buried in his pubic  hair.  Alan played with  Sue's tits while she  deep
   throated his cock and played with his balls.  Carol had finally  revived
   from her multiple climaxes on Rich's stiff cock and joined up with  Mike
   who was watching  the proceedings and  stroking his cock.   Carol pulled
   Mike on top of her in a  sixty nine position and guided his stiff  prick
   into  her  mouth  as  Mike  began  to  eat  her  cunt and probe her well
   lubricated anus  with two  fingers.  Ann  wanted Rich's  big dick in her
   pussy  so  she  moved  around  and  squatted  over his prick guiding the
   massive cock  toward her  cunt while  she spread  the lips  of her sperm
   soaked pussy.  Ann sank down and  screwed her cunt with Rich's long  fat
   prick until  her cut  lips pressed  against his  balls.  The feeling was
   tremendous, Ann had never felt this full before Rich's cock felt so  big
   and hard that she  could feel it pushing  on her insides.  The  feelings
   took over and soon Ann was plunging his big tool in and out of her  cunt
   with mindless  passion.  Rich  grabbed her  tits and  pulled her nipples
   while Ann  reamed her  pussy with  his engorged  cock.  Ceil  had Don up
   behind  her  and  he  had  already  pushed  his thick prick into her cum
   stained pussy and was finger  fucking her tight little pink  anus.  Ceil
   was nearing climax and her face  was giving her pleasure away.  Sue  was
   astride Alan reaming her cunt on  his cock as she finger fucked  her own
   ass adding  to her  pleasure and  bringing her  near climax.   Carol had
   gotten Mike to mount  her missionary style and  he was fucking her  cunt
   hard ramming  his cock  balls deep  on each  thrust as  he chewed on her
   erect nipples and fingered her cute anus.

   Ann was looking around and saw  the level of excitement in the  room had
   been raised significantly.  All around the room there were naked  people
   fucking and sucking and one cute blond was being triple fucked.  One guy
   was under  her and  she had  his cock  stuffed up  her pussy  as another
   fucked her anus and a third was pounding his pick into her mouth.  Ann's
   watching was cut  short as she  felt Rich begin  to climax thrusting  up
   into her  stretched cunt  and filling  her deepest  reaches with his hot
   cum.  This pushed Ann over the top and she began to climax hard  ramming
   herself onto Rich's prick hard and fast.  Rich shot so much cum into her
   that it ran out  around her stuffed pussy.   Ann rubbed her hand  in his
   cum and licked it off her  fingers.  Ann got so excited that  she raised
   up and let Rich's cock slip out  of her pussy.  Ann was so desperate  to
   get his cock back in  that she came down fast  and felt the head of  his
   big cock go up  her anus instead of  her cunt.  Not wanting  to stop Ann
   slowly forced  her hips  down ramming  his massive  dick up her asshole.
   The feeling  was tremendous  and she  found that  it didn't  hurt at all
   although she could feel the head  of his prick deep in her  belly.  Rich
   loved it and began to fuck  her ass with hard thrusts making  Ann climax
   over and over again.  Meanwhile Ceil started screaming out her orgasm as
   Don filled her tight  little red haired slit  with his load pumping  his
   sperm deep into  her hot cunt.   Sue was climaxing  as Alan thrust  deep
   into her pussy filling her cunt with his cream until it ran down her ass
   crack lubricating  his fingers  which were planted deep  in her  pulsing
   rear.  Carol had taken Mike's cock up her ass and was fingering her cunt
   as  she  climaxed  and  squeezed  his  cock with her strong anal muscles
   bringing him to orgasm and milking his sperm into her hot asshole.   Ann
   was screaming now and she could feel Rich's cock getting bigger again as
   his orgasm approached.   Ann could no  longer keep track  of her orgasms
   and she  peaked again  as she  felt Rich's  hot load  boil into  her hot
   stretched anal cavity.  The pleasure was so intense that she passed  out
   on Rich's cock.

   When Ann came to  there were people all  around her fucking and  sucking
   and two girls were on her licking her cunt and asshole sucking up Rich's
   hot sperm from her open cunt  and asshole.  The rest of the  evening was
   just a blur of bodies and  passion but Ann did remember taking  on three
   guys at once and  fucking them until the  had all taken her  in her ass,
   cunt and mouth.  And toward the  end of the evening She ate  Ceil's cunt
   as Rich probed the pert little red heads asshole with his big prick  and
   two guys were fucking Ann's cunt  and anus.  Needless to say there  were
   parties each  weekend but  those stories  will have  to wait for another
   time.


            
                   
                 D  I  S  K   J  O  C  K  E  Y   B  B  S    
                   
                        Ms-Dos - Amiga - Macintosh            
                   Plenty of Lines - Tons of Disk Space       
                 Tens-of-Thousands of Files - Adult Areas     
                       *Free Access to All Users*             
                                                              
                           (503)636-4947 N18                
                                                              
            
