Archive-name: Changes/coed1.txt
Archive-author: Katherine Alicia Harrison
Archive-title: Co-Ed, The - Part 1


   For as long as I can remember, Cindy and I were friends. I can't
really say that the feeling was as mutual as all of that. She was
the kind of girl that guys wanted. I was the kind of guy that no
one wanted, that was except for Cindy. I guess she really liked me,
but I always felt that it was more because I did everything for her
than the fact that she really "liked" me. I did her homework, most
of her chores, I was practically at her beck and call. What ever
she wanted, I guess it was the only male-female relationship that
I was able to have. Most of the other girls thought I was just a
skinny little runt. i was only 5'3" and weighed about 135lbs. Cindy
was a good 4" taller than me and was stronger too, I found out when
I couldn't pick up her suitcase filled with her old books to put
them away in the attic. Cindy was tall and blonde and had a
fantastic figure. She dated alot of different boys, never just one.
I always wanted to ask her out, but could never get up the nerve,
just as well. She would never go out with a nerd like me, Jonathan
Jerome Watson. She would call me J.J., I thought that was cool, my
father always called me Jonathan, worse yet, my mother always
called me Jerome. Yeck! Anyway, all senior year of high school, I
was helping Cindy keep up her grades to get into college. She was
a horrible student and needed all of my help. I had been accepted
to State on an early acceptance to their computer sciences program,
as well as several other schools, all with high rankings. Cindy
finally got into state, probably on a wing and a prayer and a
helpful admissions assistant she befriended, no doubt using her
feminine wiles. She came over to the house to tell me and was
ectatic. I never saw her so happy, she came up to my room and
hugged me and kissed me, knocking my glasses right off my face. 
She said, "J.J. we are going to college together, this is great, 
wow, now I know I will make it!" I felt good that she was so happy,
but also knew it would be 4 more years of doing double duty. 
We graduated that spring, Cindy was doing her usual summer at the
beach, I was going up to State early to get a start on some
courses. I got up to school and found that college was not at all
what I expected. First I was thrown in with a bunch of jocks in the
freshman dorms. I got the crap beaten out of me three or four
times, the school was so big and so imposing, I felt homesick, I
didn't know what to do. Finally giving up, I left to come home. 
My mother and father were so disappointed, knowing that I was not
socially adjusted to be with other people, alone without a
protector or someone who would look after me. My father wanted to
force me to go back, my mother showed a little more compassion. 
The weekend came around and Cindy came home from the shore. She was
to go up to State for Freshman cheerleader tryouts in a week and
had to get ready. When I saw her she was more beautiful than ever.
She came over to see me. My mother, in all of her wisdom, told her
everything. When she first came up to my room, I saw her and
thought she would laugh at me, knowing full well that mom had
spilled the beans. She came over to me and sat down on the bed and
looked at me. I couldn't take it, I broke down and started to cry.
She held me for what must have been over an hour, stroking my hair,
(I had grown it longer this year, which was my feeble attempt at
coolness. By growing it long I thought I would be accepted by at
least the metalheads or someone.) Finally she looked at me and
after a long pause said, "J.J. you are never going to make it like
this. Even I can't help you, especially like you are, to get you
accepted. We tried building you up in high school with all of that
workout stuff and that didn't work. You don't fit in. I like you
because you've been more like a girlfriend to me than a boyfriend.
I've always been able to talk to you in a way that I can't talk to
other boys and your a good listener. You think like a girl,your
sensitive and have always liked the things that girls would like
not boys. Your not going to make it like this. Not the way you
are." 
   I just hung my head, I didn't know what to say. She was right. I
always liked things that girls liked as long as I could remember.
I never liked sports, at least not contact sports, not with all of
that pressure. I was never good at the things that most guys were
good at. Cindy got up and walked around and suddenly looked at me
as if a light bulb went off in her head. "J.J. what if you didn't
have the problems we were just talking about. What if it was
alright for you to think more like a girl, what if it was
acceptable for you to be like you are, well at least with some of
my help." I didn't know what she was thinking but I kept listening.
"J.J., with a little work it could be done, I worked in the
guidance office and know where everything is and that guy from
admissions, I'm sure I could take care of him. You will be no
problem." I had no idea what she was talking about. "Cindy, what
are you saying?" She answered back with an idea I could not
believe, "J.J., I bet with a little work and planning, I could get
your records changed from Jonathan Jerome Watson to Jennifer Joyce
Watson and you could be my roommate! I would take care of you and
you would take care of me." I couldn't believe my ears, what was
she saying, she went on, "Remember when we were little and I used
to dress you up as my little sister and we would pretend. And
remember last year at school when I dressed you up as a girl for
Halloween, you looked better as a girl than you ever looked as a
guy, It took half the day before anyone found out who you really
were, and I knew some guys who would have hit on you until they
found out. You can do it. You don't have to be a glamour queen, you
can be a wallflower for all I care. I get a roommate that can keep
me in school, and you go to college and finnish things out, It
can't be any worse than things are now."
   I sat and thought alot, how can she be thinking that I would go
along with this. I looked at her and she said again, "Remember we
would be ROOMMATES and I would take care of you." 
   I couldn't believe it, but the words came out of my mouth, "YES!"
Cindy hugged me again and kissed me again and said, "J.J. you will
never regret it." I didn't know about that. "We've got to make
plans," Cindy said. "I'll go down and tell your parents that I
talked you into going back to school." and she ran down the stairs.
She talked for a long time and finally my dad called me down stairs
and said he was proud of my decision and said I was brave to make
the decision.
   I had no idea of what she told them, I hoped it was not anything
we talked about. I walked Cindy back to her car and she told me
what they discussed. She told them that she would look after me
back at school, but to insure that I adjusted, I needed to spend
the entire school year at college without coming home. No holidays,
nothing. I could call every once in a while, but I had to break all
of my ties, as to not have a relapse of homesickness. She would
take care of me and make sure I learned how to fit in. They agreed
and said that they would leave it all up to her. I couldn't believe
it, it sounded too bizarre to be true. Cindy kissed me goodbye and
told me to get a good nights sleep because we only had a couple of
days to get ready. She would stop by to pick me up at 8:00 am.
I went back into the house and talked to my parents. They thought
it was wonderful that Cindy was doing this, how lucky I was to have
her as a friend, if only they knew. I went up to bed and fell
asleep wondering what the next few days would bring.
   I woke up early the next day and got dressed. a quick bite to eat
and Cindy pulled up in the driveway, right on time. She seemed much
more excited about this than I could ever be. She had asked me to
bring my prescription for my glasses for some reason. Who knows.
Our first stop was school, Cindy went in to the guidance
department, with a little of undercover work and picked up a copy
of my transcripts as well as blanks. She made the proper
alterations and we were off. Next stop, Cindy's house. Cindy's mom
and dad both worked, so we were alone.
   We went upstairs to Cindy's room and the first thing she had me do
was to strip naked. I couldn't believe it! She gave me a pair of
her cotton panties to put on and a short silk robe. "J.J. you
better get used to it if we are going to pull this off." I couldn't
believe I was actually doing this. She started to measure me,
everywhere. She even got a little playful with me and I got an
erection, small as it were. Cindy turned to me and said, "Now J.J.,
we have no time for that now, we have alot of work to do. If your
a good GIRL, I will take care of you later." I found that Cindy was
really getting into this and I figured that if I was going to be
"taken care of" I should definitely play along. She finished up and
had me get dressed, except I left the panties on, she insisted that
I start getting into the part. We left and went to the mall. She
had asked me to bring the money I had earned from my computer
tutoring with me to take care of some essential items. When we got
to the mall, I found out what they were.
   First we went to her favorite lingerie shop, she bought several
pairs of panties, some bras, some foundation garments, camisoles
and tap pants sets, teddies, stockings and some nities. All told
the bill was over $200. I saw my money going fast. I was very
concerned that I was to be more "low key" looking than I thought
Cindy was going to make me out to be. I insisted that the balance
of the purchases reflect a more conservative look, she agreed. The
next place we went to was The Limited. She bought two pairs of
pants, a couple of blouses, sweaters, jeans and a denim skirt. (I
cringed when she bought that.) Another $200. After several more
stores, I had spent over $700 of my savings, but we were not done
yet. We went to the shoe store. Apparently Cindy had measured my
feet and found them to be the same size as hers. She bought me a
couple of pairs of tennies, a pair of ladies loafers, a pair of
stylish lace up shoes, a pair of Jazz shoes and a pair of black
boots with a low heal, finally she looked at me with a smile on her
face and purchased a pair of black 4" pumps with little bows at the
heal, I shook my head no several times and she still made the
purchase. Finally, feeling a little queazy, I sat down on a bench
in the middle of the mall, while she completed the errands. When
she came back, almost an hour later, she had several more bags from
various ladies stores and had spent another $600. Almost all of my
money. Last stop was the One hour eyeglass lab. She picked out a
very stylish pair of red frames and tried them on. She even had me
try them, I couldn't believe that she had me trying things on in
public. Satisfied, she had the stylist make up a pair, for "her",
with a violet to rose tint and handed the stylist my prescription.
It read J.J. Watson, She just posed as J.J. They said that they
would be ready in an hour and we took off for lunch. "J.J. when we
get back up to school, we will have you fitted for contact lenses,
they will be much more becoming when your dressed up." Oh Boy! What
was I getting into!
   I didn't feel much like eating, Cindy said that was all the better,
because I was going to have to get used to watching my figure. We
stopped back at the eyeglass place and Cindy picked up the
prescription. 
   We left the mall and when we got out to the car, she had me try on
the glasses. They were better fitting than the ones I presently
owned. Cindy thought I looked cute, I thought I looked like a boy
wearing girls glasses. We went back to her house and went up to her
room. We only had a few minutes until her Mom came home, so Cindy
proceeded to show me the other things she bought me: 
   First I had no intention in wearing most of the clothes and I
couldn't believe she bought them! First she showed me two dresses,
one was a black sweater dress that had a wide collar that she said
could be worn either off or on the shoulders. The other was a
floral pattern sun dress that buttoned up the front and was very
fitted. I don't know how she expected me to wear it. Then she
showed me a black leather skirt that was quite short and a drop
waisted, or at least thats what she called it, denim skirt that was
also short, but flared out at the hips. She bought me an assortment
of tops, all quite feminine and not what I had in mind and a few
more pairs of pants in various styles. Finally she showed me some
workout and what she called "Knock-about" clothes that were also
hard for me to imagine wearing. As she finished, her mother came
home. We had to quickly stow away the new items and come
downstairs. Cindy said goodbye to me and said she would call me
later. At about 10:00 I got a call from her and she said, "J.J.,
I spoke to Michelle, my friend who works at the salon I go to. I
got her to agree to take care of you before we go to school. I have
to make an excuse that we have to leave tomorrow afternoon to get
to school on time. Michelle will meet us at the salon at 7:00pm
after it closes for your appointment and take care of making you
beautiful. We can stay in a motel and leave for school Friday
morning as we had originally planned. So pack your stuff as if you
are going to go tomorrow, I'll call your Mom and tell her. I'll see
you tomorrow. Sleep tight girlfriend!" And she hung up. 
   I couldn't get a word in edgewise. I couldn't believe what she did.
She told someone else about this. A perfect stranger. How could
she.  What was she doing scheduling me for an "Appointment". I
didn't know if I was into this girlfriend stuff yet. I was going
to call her back and tell her the whole thing was off, but I wimped
out again. I was up all night thinking and when all was said and
done, I guess that State was going to end up with another 
Co-Ed this fall... ME! 

(To be continued)

--
