Archive-name: Bondage/coed-1.txt
Archive-author: Solitaire One
Archive-title: Coital Conference


           ____________________________________________________________
           COPYRIGHT (C)  1990   -     By Solitaire One   -  All rights
           reserved except  as provided for herewith: This document MAY
           BE freely  reproduced, or  transmitted by  any form  or  any
           means, electronic  or  mechanical,  including  photocopying,
           recording, or  information storage  and  retrieval  systems,
           electronic bulletin  board systems,  or magnetic  media,  or
           other means deemed suitable, providing it is not modified in
           part without  the express written permission of the author.
           ____________________________________________________________


                                COITAL CONFERENCE

         I'm a junior at a woman's college  in Atlanta.  I'm 20, blond,  and
     five feet  seven inches  tall, with   an athletic  figure:    35-23-34.
     Even though I have had limited  contact with men, I'm pretty sure  that
     my figure is  attractive.  I  have  long  legs, a tight  rear, and   my
     breasts, while not huge, are firm and ample for my body.

         I had arranged to meet with one   of my professors at his home   to
     discuss a paper I  was writing for   him.  While  I never planned   for
     anything to come of the conference,  I admit I wanted to be  attractive
     to him.  I wore a pair  of short, white shorts, a white-cotton  sweater
     (without a bra),  and a pair   of white, high-heeled  sandals, all   of
     which looked, I thought, quite good on my  tanned body, set off by   my
     sun-lightened hair.   I showed   up about 8:15 P.M., 15 minutes   late,
     and we sat in his den.  He sat  behind his desk, and I sat to the  side
     of it, in a straight  chair, with  my legs  crossed.  We talked   about
     English, but being in a non-classroom  setting with him made him   seen
     even more attractive to me.  So I flirted.

         He was slow to respond,  remaining professional, but at about  9:30
     P.M., after one of my stronger  flirting glances and smiles, he   said,
     "You know, you really are a fox.   And if you keep looking at me   like
     that, I'm going to have to do something about it."

         "What do you mean?" I protested innocently.

         He replied  with  something  to  the   effect  that  my  body   was
     tantalizing and my face inviting.    I blushed, but I felt my   nipples
     harden simultaneously, and I was also  very pleased.  He stared   right
     at my breasts, and  then stood up,  walked  around behind me, and   put
     his hands on my shoulders.  I looked  up at him and smiled sweetly.   I
     knew he was looking down  at more than  my face,  and I liked it.    My
     nipples tingled  at  his stare,  and   I  felt them  push  against   my
     sweater, realizing that he would notice.    He leaned down and   kissed
     me deeply.  I responded with my   tongue.  Then I felt his fingers   on
     my nipples, lightly  rubbing them through   my sweater.   I cooed   and
     arched my breasts up toward him.  It  felt divine.  I reached up   with
     both hands and caressed his neck   and head.  I was absolutely   turned
     on by being touched only on my mouth  and nipples, and I wanted him  to
     keep caressing me more and more.

         At this point he must have sensed  that I was hooked.  He   stopped
     kissing me and reached down and   lifted my sweater above my   breasts.
     I was exposed and shocked.  He  was seeing my pink nipples   protruding
     like erections from my bare, white  breasts.   No man (and few   women)
     had ever seen me  like this, totally   exposed in full  light.  I   was
     embarrassed by having him see what was   so intimate to me, but I   was
     also very excited.  Before I could  pull my sweater down, his   fingers
     returned to my nipples--only this time  it was my exposed nipples.   He
     gently took  each of  my bare,   pink nipples  between his  thumb   and
     forefinger and began rolling them back  and forth.  The sensation   was
     ecstatic.  I felt a flood of  warmth between my legs and threw my  head
     back, closing my eyes.  My breasts   were uplifted to him as he   stood
     behind me, his fingers on my nipples driving  me to a frenzy.  I  began
     moving my pelvis  up and  down,  humping  against the  material of   my
     panties.  I couldn't resist it, I was so turned on.

         After this  had gone  on for  a  while  and I  was wild  with   the
     tension that had built between   my legs, he said, "Finger   yourself."
     I was very embarrassed at the idea of  my doing that in front of   him,
     but I needed to do it.  I   reached up the leg of my shorts and   found
     my clitoris.  It was poking out from  my cunt lips and was as hard   as
     the end of a pencil.  Still,  he was rolling my now throbbing  nipples,
     sometimes between his thumb and  forefinger, sometimes with a  circular
     motion with the  tip of  his finger.    I was  excited beyond   belief.
     Thrilling arcs jumped  inside me  between  my  breasts and  cunt.    My
     pants were too tight.   I unzipped  them and  thrust my hand down   the
     front.  I rubbed my  wet clit  faster and  faster, writhed my body   up
     and down in the  chair and, as   I exploded in  orgasm, he pinched   my
     nipples between his fingers,  the pain sending  me  even higher.    "Oh
     God," I said, "that was fantastic."

         "I'm glad,"  he  said,  smiling   down at  me  while  his   fingers
     continued to pull gently at  my nipples.   "Why  don't we go into   the
     living room?"

         I pulled my sweater down, zipped  my shorts, and followed him  into
     his living room, where I sat invitingly  on his couch.  I expected  him
     to be all over me.  Instead, he  sat in a chair across from the  couch.
     This was a bit embarrassing to me but he just smiled.

         Then he said, "Your body is   really beautiful, and seeing you   so
     turned on really turned me on."   I blushed even more.  He   continued,
     "What I'd really like would be for you  to take your clothes off so   I
     can enjoy seeing how  nice you  look."   An unbelievable request,   you
     might say.   But after he   had just given  me such pleasure,   seeking
     nothing in return, it seemed like the least I could do for him.

         I leaned down  to unbuckle  a shoe.    "Leave your  shoes on,"   he
     said.  "Those beautiful long legs look so  nice in heels."  So I  stood
     up.  I paused a moment, trying to  figure out how to proceed.  Then,  I
     guess because he had already seen   my breasts, I removed my   sweater.
     As I pulled it over my head,  he said softly, "Put your arms over  your
     head."  I stood straight up, sucking  in my already flat stomach,   and
     raised my arms over  my head.  As   I did so I  could feel my   breasts
     raise even more, and I was conscious  of my exposed, full breasts   and
     hard, pink nipples.  I folded my  sweater and reached for my   necklace
     of white beads.  "I like  the  necklace," he said.  "Definitely   leave
     it on."

         I unzipped my shorts, pulled them   down over my hips and   stepped
     out of them.  His  anticipation showed,  as I  bent over to pick   them
     up.  "Straighten your legs, turn around,  and bend over," he said.    I
     obeyed and watched his eyes as  he  looked at my thin panties   tighten
     around my ass and creep up into  my crotch.  I reached back and  peeled
     my panties down  and let  them drop to   the floor.   I  blushed as   I
     realized that he  could see  all of  my  bare cunt  and, probably,   my
     clit.  I stood and  turned around.   He sucked  in air as he   realized
     that I  shave my  pussy so  that  the  hairs won't  poke out  from   my
     bikini.  I glanced down  and saw  that my  cunt lips were bright   pink
     and protruding around my  clit.  I  stood  there, naked except for   my
     white heels and necklace.

         "That is really  fantastic," he  said  with sincere   appreciation.
     "You are a beautiful girl.  Let's  go make some hors d'oeuvres and  get
     a drink."

         I was taken aback.  He, still  in his sport jacket, trousers,   and
     tie, caught  me  by  the hand  and   led  me into  his  kitchen.     He
     constantly  appraised  me,  breasts,    pussy,  buttocks,  and    legs,
     obviously  appreciatively   and   sensually,   but   he   ignored    my
     embarrassment and acted  as if  this  were  normal.   Standing in   the
     bright lights fo the kitchen, I was  even more aware of my   nakedness.
     But I saw a bulge  in his pants  that told  me that he appreciated   me
     intensely.   And new  moisture and   warmness flowed  between my   bare
     legs, and my nipples hardened anew.

      "Here, peel  this cucumber  and slice   it up  real fine,"  he   said.
     While I did so, he proceeded   to decrust, quarter, and spread   butter
     on pieces of bread; all the  while glancing often at me,   occasionally
     saying things like "My, you are  pretty,"  or "You have a really   sexy
     ass," or "Your breasts are so firm  and alive."  Once he said,  "Seeing
     your bare  pussy with  your clit   poking out  of your  swollen   lips,
     especially at the top of your  beautiful legs drives me crazy."   These
     comments embarrassed me,  but they also   turned me on  intensely.    I
     didn't know what  else to  do; so  I  just stood  there, naked,   being
     watched and  complimented and  slicing the   cucumber.   Then, at   his
     instructions, I  put  a cucumber  slice   on each  bread  quarter   and
     sprinkled them with lemon juice and  pepper.  He stood and watched  me,
     smiling.  "Take them back in the   living room," he said.  Carrying   a
     bottle of white wine and two  glasses, he walked behind me,   obviously
     so that  he could  watch me  walk.    I  made sure  to put  each   foot
     directly in  front of  the other  so  that  my hips  would sway  as   I
     walked.

         We sat again, with  him in a chair   opposite me on  the sofa.    I
     kept my  legs crossed  so that  my   naked pussy  was concealed.     Of
     course, my breasts and nipples were  totally exposed to him.  The  hors
     d'oeuvres were  delicious.   It  was  very  sexy  to sit  there   nude,
     talking, drinking wine, and eating hors d'oeuvres.   In a way, it   was
     the ultimate in formality.  I knew  I looked better and more   alluring
     than I could in  any evening gown.    He asked me  about my sex   life,
     whether I dated  much, whether I   liked to flirt,  how far I   usually
     went, and whether I  enjoyed sex.   I  answered ambiguously, but   even
     talking about it made me feel erotic.   Then he asked me what I   liked
     a lover to do to me.  I said that I didn't know.
         "Uncross your legs," he said.    I did, exposing the slit   between
     my legs to his  gaze.  He   looked directly at  it, making it   tingle.
     Then he got up, came over to me,  and knelt down in front of me,  still
     holding his drink.  He put a finger  in the wine and moistened each  of
     my nipples.  Then,  with his mouth an   inch from the  tip, he blew   a
     stream of air over my breasts.    The combination of the wine and   the
     air made my nipples  protrude even farther.    I moaned as, with   just
     the tip of his tongue,  he circled  each nipple.   "Suck me," I   said,
     and he took my nipple in his  lips and began sucking it while   rolling
     my nipple with his tongue.  He  opened his mouth farther and sucked  as
     much of my breast into his mouth   as possible and then, with as   much
     suction as he could get, pulled his   mouth off the end of my   breast.
     It felt like I  was being milked, and   I felt the  tremors of a   mini
     orgasm between my  legs.   He moved  further  down my  body and   began
     running his tongue into my navel and  into the crease between my   legs
     and stomach.  He blew a stream of  air at my clit.  The sensation   was
     thrilling and electrifying.   All I   had ever felt  down there was   a
     finger or a thrusting penis.  I  slumped forward on the sofa,   opening
     my legs and thrusting my  pussy up  to his  mouth.  "Please," I   said.
     "Please what?" he replied.   "Please lick  me!"   "I am licking   you."
     "Lick me there."  "Where?"  Oh God,  he was going to make me say  words
     I never used with anyone.  But I  had to feel what his tongue would  do
     when it covered my clit.  "Lick my   pussy!", I groaned.  "Suck on   my
     clit!  Stick your tongue in my  cunt!"  Delicately, he probed with  his
     tongue, flicking onto  and around   my clitoris,  first lightly,   then
     more intensely and continuously.  He tongued  the tip and then up   and
     down the sides of  it alternately.   I  began writhing upward to   him.
     He put down his drink and took my  hands in his.  He moved my   fingers
     to my own nipples and  he began  squeezing them  with his.  I   grabbed
     each breast in  my hands  and began  milking  them and  pulling on   my
     nipples.  He  moved his hands  to  my  buttocks and raised  me to   his
     mouth.  His tongue was like  a continuous lightning bolt, licking   the
     side and tip of my clitoris, then probing into my pussy.

        Then he began  to combine this  with  sucking.   I went  wild!    It
     seemed as if he were somehow sucking   my tiny bud of a clitoris   into
     an organ of pleasure several inches   long.  Holding it in his   mouth,
     he flicked it with  his tongue and   sucked it in and  out.  I   wildly
     began to  cum,  vaguely aware  of   the heightened  sensation  of   his
     fingers playing  at my  anus and   pussy.   As each  wave of   pleasure
     rolled over me, I pinched my nipples  and dug my fingernails into   the
     sensitive flesh.   I gasped and   moaned, and the  pleasure became   so
     intense that I attempted to get   away from that thrilling tongue   and
     mouth.  But he held me tightly,  digging his fingers into my anus  when
     I squirmed.  I burst  into orgasm.   I soared.   I contracted.  I   was
     relieved.  I could stop.  But he  did not.  "Enough, enough," I  cried,
     trying to squirm away.  But his   tongue only slowed down to a   steady
     rhythm against  my  throbbing  clit,  which  brought  me  blasting   to
     another orgasm and  then another and   another, right on  top of   each
     other.  I was shattered.  He  finally stopped, pulled his finger   from
     my anus, and caressed my clit slowly   with his tongue.  He stood   and
     kissed my face and  sat down again.    I was depleted.   I lay   there,
     legs spread, gasping.   He   sat and watched  appreciatively.    "Thank
     you," was all I could say.

         After a bit, I said, "I want  to do something for you."  It  seemed
     out of character for me to say something like that, but nice.

         "You will," he said, "but I want  you to see that turning   someone
     else on is as sexy as being turned  on.  Physically, the need is to  be
     stimulated, and it's great.   But emotionally, mentally, the real  kick
     is turning someone else on.  Also,  while there is a physical need  for
     eventual release, and  it's fantastic   when it  comes, the   build-up,
     being turned  on  and  waiting,   is really  the  most  fun   mentally,
     although it takes  self control and   a an ability  to defer   physical
     pleasure to enhance  the erotic   mental enjoyment.   What we've   been
     doing has been fantastically erotic for me."

         What I said next was even   more uncharacteristic for me.    "Well,
     anyway, I want to see you nude now."

         "Okay," he said, and he undressed,  laying his coat neatly over   a
     chair, removing his tie,   shirt, undershirt, shoes, socks,   trousers,
     and finally, shorts.  His penis was big but not erect.

         "Mmm," I said.

         He stood before me for a   moment, his dick pulsing slightly,   and
     then said, "Let's have dinner.   I'll  stay like this.  But   sometimes
     wearing a few clothes is sexier than  wearing nothing at all.  So   let
     me give you something to wear."    He left and returned with a   dress.
     It was silky, clingy, sheer and dark  blue.  It was a wraparound   with
     a broad  sash, so  it  easily fit  me.    But  it  had a  few   special
     characteristics.   At the  top it   was very  low cut,  almost to   the
     navel, and the  cut was  quite wide.    It started  at the   shoulders,
     converging to a point  above my  navel, with  just enough material   to
     cover each nipple.   Or, at   least, there was  almost enough; it   was
     virtually impossible to  prevent revealing   a touch of  red from   the
     edge of a nipple.  I have firm  breasts that lift up; so I filled   the
     gown out well.  The inner side   and half of the curvaceous bottom   of
     each breast were completely  exposed.   Moveover,  as I soon   learned,
     while the  dress would  just cover   my nipples  when I  stood or   sat
     straight up, if I leaned over or twisted,  a nipple was exposed or   my
     entire breast popped  out.  The   bottom was split  from a few   inches
     below the navel down.    Again,  if I  stood straight, it closed,   but
     when I walked, my inner leg right up  to my pussy was exposed.  When  I
     sat down, the dress  fell to either  side,  revealing my legs and   the
     few intimate inches above them.   Although I had already bared all,  as
     he said, being somewhat  dressed was more  sexy  and raunchy.  When   I
     had a dress on, it seemed that  I should be covered; so when the  dress
     exposed me, it  was somehow more   risky than being  naked.  This   was
     especially so since he obviously noticed   each time I was exposed   to
     him, and I could see his penis twitch with pleasure.

         We went to the kitchen  to fix  dinner; a  couple of steaks and   a
     sliced tomato.  As we cooked, I  could not keep my eyes off his  penis.
     I had never really taken a close look   at a nude man before.  When   I
     reached for something and  my nipple  was  revealed, his cock   pulsed.
     It turned me on each time.

         When he seated me at the table  and the split dress fell open,  his
     cock jumped up in jerks, and he   stood there over my chair, with   his
     hands on my shoulders.   I reached  up and  caressed his organ and   it
     sprang up.  He kissed me and sat  down.  While we ate by   candlelight,
     he was naked but hidden by the  table and I was exposed from the  waist
     down but also hidden.  My box got  wetter and wetter at the thought  of
     the sensuality of  the situation.   I  wanted  to reach  down and   rub
     myself, but I didn't,  although I occasionally  did  manage to let   my
     fingers briefly trace over my clit.   I leaned forward or to the   side
     as often as  I could so   that my revealed  breasts and nipples   would
     turn him on.  I always acted as   if it were an accident, smiled,   and
     recovered myself.

         We cleared the table and returned to the  living room.  He sat   on
     the sofa, slumped and exposed, and  said, "Now, you can do some  things
     for me.   You  know how  I enjoy  your   body.   I want  you to  do   a
     striptease show for me--a sex act."

         I stammered, "I don't know how," blushing fiercely.

         "Improvise," he said.  "Remember, your goal  is to turn me on.   It
     will turn you on.  That will turn me on even more.  Go ahead."

             I started to take the  dress off.    "Oh  no," he said.    "Not
     yet.  You should  be able to  go a  long  way with it  on."  I   looked
     puzzled.  "Look," he said,  "think of  all the  ways you can tease   by
     showing a little more.  You could   drive me wild fully dressed."    He
     saw my continued confusion.   "Wiggle.    Gyrate.  Hunch.   Hump.    Go
     ahead."

         I began to understand and   started undulating before him, like   a
     dancer, letting the split in the dress  flick open and closed.  Soon  I
     really got into it.  I wiggled my   breasts so they popped out of   the
     dress.  I saw his cock throb.  I  sat on the coffee table in front   of
     him and thrust my pelvis up and  down and sucked air through my  teeth.
     I was getting turned on.  I   reached down and pulled my breast to   my
     mouth.  I could just  flick the  nipple with  my tongue and I   watched
     his eyes as I licked the tip.   I put my hands to my crotch and  parted
     my lips there and caressed myself.  Now  he was as hard as a rock   and
     looking glassy.  I  stuck my finger   in my pussy and  slid it in   and
     out, writhing all the while.   I  pulled my  finger from my pussy   and
     licked my own moisture from it.    I sucked my finger into and out   of
     my mouth, watching his cock grow even harder.

         "Now take it off," he whispered.   I stood and did so, slowly   and
     sexily, all the time running  my hands over  my body.   For a while   I
     had just the top  part off; then I   let the whole  dress fall to   the
     floor.

         "Stand on the table," he  said.  I  did, and  he looked up at   me.
     "let me see that beautiful ass," he  moaned.  I turned around and  then
     obscenely wiggled my buttocks.   "Ooh," he  gasped.   "Bend over."    I
     did, knowing that  in doing so   I totally revealed  my pussy to   him.
     "Oh you look  so nice like   that with your  breasts hanging down   and
     your box there between those   lovely cheeks and atop those   beautiful
     legs.   Touch yourself."    I  fingered  my  clit, with  him   watching
     between my legs.   I slid my   fingers up and  down inside my   juicing
     pussy.  I slid my index finger into   my anus and moved it in and   out
     slightly.  His cock was standing straight up  with a slight curve.    I
     could see a bead of cum on the tip of  it.  I was so turned on that   I
     could barely control myself.  I was about to cum.

        "Come here," he said.   "Kneel here."    He guided  my head to   his
     throbbing cock.   For an instant   I was reluctant  since I had   never
     done that before.  But I was so  turned on and so wanted to please  him
     that my reluctance was  quickly overcome  by passion,  and I took   the
     head of his cock between my lips.    I could taste the slightly   salty
     bead of cum, and I pulled my   head back slightly so he could see   the
     sticky fluid in a string from my tongue   to his cock.  I put my   head
     back on his cock  and took just   the head between my  lips.  With   my
     tongue, I tried to insert it into the  hole at the end so I could   get
     more of his cum.  "What should I  do," I asked.  "Lick it up and  down.
     Suck my balls gently.   Put as much   as you can  into your mouth   and
     suck as hard as you can while moving  your head up and down."  I  began
     licking and mouthing it, up and down.    My hands found his balls   and
     anus, and I caressed them.  His   back arched and he trembled.    "Suck
     it.  Take more of it," he gasped.    I did.  I found it very   exciting
     knowing that I  was giving such   pleasure.  I  began to suck   wildly,
     letting the prick  go half out  and  then  deeply into my  mouth.    He
     thrust toward me, first with   steady pushes, and then   spasmodically,
     finally exploding his warm semen into  my  mouth.  I could feel   three
     separate spurts of cum fill my mouth,  and before I could swallow   all
     of it, some trickled down his cock onto  his balls.  He sank back  onto
     the couch, and I licked his   dick and it jerked smaller and   smaller.
     Now that he was soft, I could take  the whole thing into my mouth.    I
     sucked gently and ran my tongue around  the head.  Then I crawled  onto
     the sofa and lay there with my head  in his lap, with him caressing  my
     hair.

         But not for  long.   I was   so randy  and turned  on from   having
     turned him on  that I just   twitched and pulsed  between my legs   for
     some more attention  there, more   exciting stimulation,  and more   of
     those glorious climaxes.   I took  his  hand  and put it  on my   rear.
     With his arm extended, his hand just  reached an inch or so below   the
     small of my back.  I wriggled forward  on his lap about a foot so  that
     his hand then  rested on the  bottom  of  my rear, which  he began   to
     caress gently.  Another result of  this  move was that my breasts   now
     hung into  his lap,  and one   of my  nipples brushed  on his   resting
     penis, a very  sexy sensation  as the  moisture  on his  cock made   my
     nipples wet.  His  fore and  middle fingers  played lightly about   the
     rim of  my  pussy, sometimes  brushing   onto my  clit.   I  moved   my
     buttocks up and down sensually with enjoyment.

         Then I wanted more.   I slid on  up on  the sofa until my ass   was
     right in his lap.  With my head   down on one side of the sofa and   my
     knees on the other, my rear stuck up  at him, and I arched my back  and
     spread my knees so that the  whole area between my legs was  completely
     available to him.  I wanted him   to have total and free access to   it
     all.

         Now he used both hands, one coming  across my back, with which   he
     toyed with  my anus  and pussy,   rubbing my  juices from  one to   the
     other.  His other hand had more   direct access.  He fingered my   clit
     and rolled it between his thumb  and finger, sometimes pulling on   it,
     sometimes massaging it circularly with one   finger.  I ground up   and
     down with pleasure,  and when that   was not enough,  I wriggled   from
     side to  side simultaneously.   I   reached peaks,  but he  moved   too
     slowly for me to cum, so my   pleasure continued, wave after wave.    I
     was ecstatic, but the tension built  and built, demanding release.   He
     began thrusting one finger,  then two,  into  my pussy, massaging   its
     tight,  wet  interior.    I   began  moaning  and  whispering   obscene
     exclamations and requests.   I felt   a finger slip  into my   writhing
     anus, and I could  feel my ass hole   tighten as he  slid it past   the
     first  two  joints.    It  accentuated   the  ecstatic  agony  I    was
     experiencing in  my  convulsing  pussy   and  on  my  throbbing   clit.
     Finally I cried out, "Oh, please, I want to cum so much, so bad."

         He lifted me off and laid me back  on the sofa.  At first I  didn't
     understand.   But  then  I  saw   his  penis  sticking  straight   out,
     throbbing and hard.    I knew he  was going  to fuck me, and I   wanted
     it.  I wanted that hot, smooth cock inside me.

         He moved my legs around  and put  each of  my white high heels   on
     the coffee table, my  legs spread.   Then  he guided his prick   slowly
     into my waiting, wet box  and pressed  his body  into mine.  Slowly   I
     felt the head  as it forced  its way  up  my cunt.   I could feel   the
     walls of my pussy give way   before its gentle insistence. Slowly   and
     gently at first, he slid in and  out, but then he began thrusting  more
     rapidly and harder into a rushing crescendo.   I reached up and   began
     pinching his  nipples, rolling  and twisting   them as  he crushed   my
     breasts in his hands.  I was torn  apart by bolts of sensations,   more
     deeply sensual  and sexual  than I   had ever  known.   I thrust   back
     toward him and wiggled and gasped.    Then my breath and gasps   became
     quick, his face contorted and  his pace and ferocity somehow  increased
     again.  I felt it coming.  I  arched my back and felt throbs of  climax
     booming through my body like rolling  thunder.  Hot juices filled   me.
     He collapsed upon me, and we  lay there, both exhausted, both   totally
     satisfied.

         "Let's go to bed," he finally said.   We did, naked and we   slept.
     There was one drowsy,  sensuous fuck  sometime  early in the   morning,
     which ended  in  a sleep-muffled,   gentle  climax, but  otherwise   we
     slept.  The next morning I had to  leave in a hurry to get to a  class.
     He smiled at me and  said, "The next  man who  asks you what you   like
     sexually, you'll be able to answer."

         "There won't be a next man,"   I replied.  He looked confused   and
     worried until I explained, "You're it.   I don't want any other   men."
     Since that day I have tried to keep   him interested in me so that   he
     will continue to find me attractive.

         Last week, for instance, I decided  to buy some sexy underware   at
     Fredrick's of Hollywood.  I dressed  in a pair of nylon running  shorts
     with the sides cut all the way to   the waist.  I put on a thin   nylon
     crop top which I had cut so short  that, if I raised my arms,   exposed
     my nipples.   I didn't wear   any underware and  my nipples poked   the
     front of the top out like tent  poles.  I completed my outfit with  the
     high heel sandals and I pulled my blond  hair into a pony tail.   After
     completing my outfit with long,   dangling earrings, I stood in   front
     of the mirror to make sure I   could give the proper impression.    The
     high heels made my legs look really  sexy, and caused me to thrust   my
     pelvis forward.   I turned sideways   and raised one  leg.  The   black
     shorts parted  and bared  my leg   all the  way to  the waistband   and
     revealed the curve of my ass.   I raised my shoulders slightly and  the
     red top lifted until the bottom half of my breasts were uncovered.

         I drove to his house and parked in   the garage.  I went into   the
     living room and leaned  over his chair  and  kissed him with my   mouth
     and tongue.  His hand slid under  my top and caressed my bare   breast.
     "Stand over there," he said.  I   moved to the center of the room   and
     posed for  him.   I turned  and  twisted  and I  saw the  bulge   start
     forming in his pants.  "You look   so innocent and so hot at the   same
     time," he exclaimed.

         He drove to Cumberland Mall and let   me out near Sears.  I   poked
     around the gift shop near  the entrance  until I  saw him come in   the
     door.  Then I started walking down  the mall, making sure that my  hips
     swayed and my breasts  bounced as I   walked.  He  was about ten   feet
     behind me, watching  all the guy's  eyes  as  I passed.   Two boys   of
     twelve or thirteen started following me  and giggling.  Pretty soon   I
     had about ten guys following me to Fredrick's.

         I went  in  and  started   looking  at  garter  belts,   stockings,
     crotchless panties, and shelf bras.  I  took a set of red underware  in
     the back and, while the sales   girl watched, stripped off my top   and
     circled my body with the bra.  I  pulled the shoulder straps tight   so
     that my breasts were pulled high and  firm, and I walked to the  mirror
     so I could  admire myself.   I  knew  that, through the  slits in   the
     curtain, anyone in the back of   the store could see my reflection   in
     the mirror.  I pinched my nipples   to make them harder and asked   the
     sales clerk if I looked  sexy.   She blushed  and agreed that the   bra
     made me even sexier than if I was naked.

         Quickly I pushed the shorts to   the floor and wrapped the   garter
     belt around my  waist and put   the crotchless panties  on.  I   didn't
     have any stockings, so I  asked the clerk  to get  me a pair of   black
     stockings with a  seam up the   back.  She  just stood there,   looking
     confused, until I asked her gently a  second time.  While she was  gone
     I quickly rubbed my  clit so that   it poked out  and excited me   even
     more.

         I rolled the stockings up my   legs and hooked them to the   garter
     straps.  I turned and posed  in  the mirror, looking over my   shoulder
     at my reflection.  The panties had  just a thin strap in the back  that
     disappeared in the crack of my  ass, and the white, curvaceous   cheeks
     were framed in  the stocking tops   and red garter  straps. The   sales
     girl was blushing as  she looked at  my  hard, protruding nipples   and
     exposed cunt and clit.  I walked over  to her and put my hands on   her
     shoulders and asked her if she  felt well.  "Y-e-s," she stammered,  "I
     haven't seen anything so sexy since I've been here."

         I took the underware off and put  my running outfit back on.   When
     I got back in the front of the  shop, there were about five men in  the
     rear of the store  where I knew they   had seen me as  I posed in   the
     mirror.  I purchased two sets of   underware, one in black and one   in
     red.   I  also bought  a  sexy  babydoll  nightie in white.    It   was
     completely transparent, and would make my   body stand out in the   dim
     lights of the bedroom.

         I walked  back through  the mall   letting my  hips sway  and   the
     shopping bag swing.  I could feel eyes   on my ass as I walked, and   I
     started swaying even more sensually.   When  I got  to the end of   the
     mall, I walked out the door and let  him catch up with me.  He put  his
     arm around me and, as we walked to  the car, he let his hand run  under
     my top, caressing my breast  and nipple.   As soon  as we were in   the
     car, I unzipped his fly and pulled  his cock out.  Even though   anyone
     could see what I was doing, I didn't  care.  I was so turned on that  I
     wanted to taste his  cum.  I   sucked and licked  him until his   pants
     were wet with my saliva.  I felt  his hand rub down my naked back   and
     under the waist  band of the  shorts.    He caressed my  ass with   his
     right hand as I felt his left hand   pulling at my nipple.  He was   so
     turned on that I knew it  wouldn't take long before he started  cumming
     in my mouth.  His hand left   my ass and started pushing my head   down
     on his cock even  further.   His crotch  started pushing back   against
     the pressure of my lips and mouth, and  I felt the spasms as he   began
     to spurt. I  pulled back and  let his  cum  hit my face  and lips.    I
     stroked him with my hand as I sat  up and started french kissing   him,
     letting him share in the cum.  I  rubbed my hand over the head of   his
     cock, smearing  the sticky  fluid  over  all  parts  of it  while   our
     tongues shared the taste of his cum.

         Another time, we were  going to  Jacksonville while  he went to   a
     group meeting.  I was wearing  a wrap-around skirt over my garter  belt
     and a white blouse over the red shelf  bra.  While we were going   down
     the expressway in his Lincoln, I  gently unsnapped my skirt and let  it
     fall on the seat,  exposing my pussy  which  was framed by the   garter
     straps and stockings.  I  spread my legs  and took  his hand.  He   had
     been concentrating on the traffic, so  he looked surprised when I   put
     his hand on my pussy.  I slowly  unbuttoned my blouse and took it  off,
     leaving my body completely naked except  for the shelf bra that  pushed
     my breasts up  and the  garter belt  and  stockings.   "Pull into   the
     right hand lane," I  told him.  He   slowed to 55  and moved into   the
     right lane.  I turned in the seat  so that my back was to the door  and
     reached in my bag for the dildo I   had brought.  I pulled the   twelve
     inch monster from the  bag and started  the  vibrator as I slipped   it
     into the opening of my cunt.  I had  to use both my hands to force   it
     in, and I spread my  legs so that  one was  over the seatback and   the
     other was under the dash board. I   watched his face as he watched   me
     give myself pleasure.  As I pulled  the dildo in and out, my pussy  got
     wetter and wetter until the juices  started dripping onto the   leather
     seats.

         "Pull out your  cock," I  told him.    He unzipped  his pants   and
     pulled his cock out.  He was so  excited that it stood straight up  and
     the head was near his belt.    Pretty soon an eighteen wheeler   pulled
     out to pass.   Since I knew   that the trucker  could see through   the
     open moon roof, I decided to give him   a show.  I knew that he   could
     see a beautiful  young girl,  naked  except for  sexy underwear,   with
     both hands shoving  a twelve inch  dildo  into  her cunt.   As he   got
     beside our car, I saw the  driver's partner frantically motioning   him
     to slow down.  I arched my back   and let my mouth open and my   tongue
     slowly lick my bright red lips as   I looked him directly in the   eye.
     I watched his tongue come out   and imitate the motions of licking   my
     cunt. I turned in the  seat so that  my back  was to the front of   the
     car and leaned over to take him into   my mouth.  Slowly I sucked   his
     cock, trying to take all of it   in my throat.  I had been   practicing
     with a banana and could take it   down my throat without gagging.    It
     was harder to get his cock down,   but I finally got my lips into   his
     pubic hairs and he disappeared completely.    I used one hand to   keep
     fucking myself with  the dildo,  and he  used  one hand  to pinch   and
     twist my nipples.

         My head bobbed up and  down on  his cock,  and my saliva made   his
     prick shine in the sunlight.  I   kept sucking on him and the   trucker
     stayed right with us until finally he  began to cum in long streams  of
     semen. I pulled  away and his   cum squirted into  my eyes, hair,   and
     across my cheeks.  I heard a  loud, long blast from the trucker's  horn
     as he blasted me with his cum.    I used his cock to scoop up the   cum
     and put it into  my mouth.  I   didn't swallow, but  let his cum   drip
     from my mouth back onto his cock where I licked it up again.

         We accelerated and left  the trucker behind  as  we pulled off   at
     the next exit and found some woods where   we could fuck.  I stood   on
     the seat and sat on the steering wheel  with my upper body poking   out
     of the moon roof where anyone who  came down the dirt road could   see.
     He nibbled and licked  at my pussy   and clit until I  came.  My   only
     regret was that no one saw me with  my head thrown back in ecstasy   as
     I climaxed three times in ten minutes.

         Once I had  told him  that I  wanted  to be  dominated and   raped.
     When I came home, he grabbed me and   drug me to the basement.  I   saw
     that he was ready  to dominate me  since  he had velvet ropes   hanging
     from the ceiling.  He  tied my  hands with  the ropes and then,   using
     his knife, cut my blouse off.  "Fight  me," he whispered.  I looked  to
     the side and saw that he had set  up his video camera so that it  could
     tape everything going on.  I began to  struggle and kick at him as   he
     tried to slip my  skirt down.   "Stop  it!", he commanded, "or   you'll
     regret it."  I kept  fighting and  kicking and  cussing him.  He   went
     over to the workbench and picked up a  long, thin piece of bamboo.   He
     made it whistle as he whipped it   through the air.  "Either you   stop
     fighting or you'll feel this," he said.   I spit at him, and I felt   a
     horrible pain explode in my tits   as the bamboo whipped across   them.
     I screamed in pain  and agony, and   he quickly put  his hand over   my
     mouth.  He reached in his pocket   and pulled out a black rubber   ball
     with straps.  He shoved the ball in  my mouth and put the straps   over
     my head.  The ball had a small  hole so I could breathe, but no  matter
     how loud I screamed, it only let a whisper pass.

         "Do you want to feel the whip  again?" he asked.  Through my  tears
     I shook my head.   I looked at  my titties  and saw a bright red   line
     across both of them where the bamboo had  abused my tender flesh.    He
     went back to the workbench and picked  up a contraption made of   shiny
     black leather and silver rings.  He put  it around my back and   pulled
     the straps over my  shoulders and hooked  them  to the ring in   front.
     It seemed to be  a leather bra, with   a ring for my  nipples.  As   he
     pulled it tight, I  felt my  nipples being  pushed through the   rings,
     bare and ready for  anything he wanted   to do.   He pulled my   cotton
     panties down and then pulled the ropes  tighter so that I had to  stand
     on my toes.  He walked away from  me and started undressing.  When   he
     took his pants off, I could see  that his cock was already starting  to
     cum.  He sat in  a chair  and stroked  himself as he contemplated   the
     sexy appearance of  a naked  girl  with  a leather  bra squeezing   her
     nipples and breasts.

          He took two other ropes and,   tying them under my knees,   pulled
     my legs up and  spread apart.    Now I was  completely off the   floor,
     hanging from three ropes.  My  legs were split completely apart and  my
     cunt lips were spread  with the tension   of the ropes.   I had   never
     been so completely open and available before.

          He went to the workbench and got   a tube of K-Y jelly and   began
     coating his cock with the slippery   substance.  Then he picked up   an
     enormous dildo and  strapped it  around  his  waist. It  was at   least
     twelve inches long and looked to be  three inches in diameter.  It  was
     covered with protrusions that looked   like they would tear my   tender
     skin when it went in.  He   spread some more jelly on the dildo and  on
     my ass and  pussy.   I felt   so slippery  that he  wouldn't have   any
     problem slipping in.

         He pushed the dildo  up my cunt  until  I felt the protrusions   on
     the dildo starting to enter my  pussy.   I was surprised and   thankful
     to find that they were soft as they  went in.  As he humped the   first
     few inches into  and out of   my pussy, I  could feel the   protrusions
     dragging over my clit and rubbing on  the tender skin of my vagina.   I
     was starting to get really turned on.    Knowing that the video  camera
     was capturing every moment of my rape made me start to quiver.

         I felt his cock at the entrance to  my anus, and I shook my   head,
     trying to tell him that  he would split  me open.   I pleaded with   my
     eyes, but I felt him pressing firmly   against my virgin ass hole.    A
     red hot blast of pain shot up my  body as the head of his cock  finally
     made its way into my ass, and  tears started running from my eyes.   He
     stayed still for a while,  and then  began to  stroke his cock up   and
     down my ass hole.  I still felt  the sharp pains as the dildo and   his
     cock invaded my body, but I started  to get turned on by the  situation
     and the fact that  I had no control   over what he did.   I closed   my
     eyes and let my head drop back as  I started to feel the first  tremors
     of an orgasm. All of a sudden   I felt a horrible pain in my   nipples.
     While I had been concentrating on  my  own pleasure, he had clipped   a
     clothes pin on each nipple.    The pain was excruciating and I   really
     tried to scream, but the gag only let  a whisper through.  My   nipples
     were already in agony when he took  the pins and began to twist   them.
     I thought I  had never  felt such   pain until,  all of  a sudden,   my
     orgasm took me up and  away from all  pains.   My ass hole started   to
     spasm, dragging him  with me.   He  kept  fucking at my  ass until   he
     became too soft.  Then  he pulled  out and  kept fucking my cunt   with
     the dildo while I rolled through one  orgasm  after another.    Finally
     my body slumped on  the ropes, exhausted  from  all the pleasure.    He
     removed the clips from my nipples,  and with his mouth, drew the  blood
     back into them.

         We keep playing that  video tape,  and,  sometimes, when he's   not
     around, I relive the shame, pain, and pleasure  he gave me.  I put  the
     tape on the machine and shove the large  dildo up my cunt while I   put
     ben-wa balls up my ass.  Just as I  start to cum in the tape, I   start
     to cum for real.  I pull the balls  from my ass and put a clothes   pin
     on each nipple.  The combination  of  pain and pleasure makes me   soar
     to ecstasy.

         I don't know what  I'm going to  do  next to keep him   interested.
     One of the tapes he  took has pictures  of me  sucking his cock.    All
     you can see is  his cock and my   face as I kneeled  in front of   him.
     The tape caught all of the action from  his point of view as I   sucked
     him until he came  in my mouth and   all over my face.   I showed   the
     tape to my roommate and she got   hot just watching.  I haven't   asked
     her yet, but I think she might be interested in a threesome.

--
