Archive-name: Changes/coed2.txt
Archive-author: Katherine Alicia Harrison
Archive-title: Co-Ed, The - Part 2


  I awoke the next morning not quite well rested. He tossed and turned all 
night thinking about what was to come. At about 9:00, Cindy called my mother 
and started to tell her that the tryouts were pushed up until tomorrow 
morning and we would have to leave this afternoon for the 6 hour ride to 
State in order for her to be well rested in the morning. Mom bought the whole 
thing hook, line and sinker. Cindy, because she coerced me into going back to 
school, could do no wrong. Mom came up to tell me that Cindy had called and 
the whole story. I had to be packed and ready to leave by 4:00. I packed up 
most of my things and separated out what I was actually bringing from what I 
was pretending to bring. Those cases were being put into storage in Cindy's 
basement. Finally 4:00 came around and Cindy showed up in her white VW 
cabriolet. My father never thought that we would get all of the luggage into 
the tiny car. Finally after a very tearful goodbye, we were off. The first 
stop was to Cindy's house. We had left so early so that we could drop off and 
hide my stored luggage at her house in the back of the basement. I had a 
steamer trunk with a lock on it for all of my clothes. Cindy put a note on it 
saying, "Cindy's Summer Stuff" and We carried it down into the back of her 
basement. She said that her parents would never think it was anything else. 
We went upstairs and got the three suitcases with my new clothes and put them 
in the car. We had less room now than we did before, but we could still get 
the top up if we had to and lock everything up when we stopped for the night. 
I was so nervous, I was shaking like a leaf. We weren't to meet Michelle for 
another hour, her salon was at the mall in the next town over. We parked the 
car at the mall and Cindy grabbed the small suit case she had packed for me. 
We walked around the mall and window shopped for a while. Cindy picked out a 
pair of gold stud earrings and said that she wanted Michelle to pierce my 
ears. I said no way, but she bought them anyway. We saw the last person leave 
the salon and watched as the owner told Michelle to lock up when she was 
finished. We waited until the coast was clear and headed over to the salon. 
Michelle was a very pretty redhead, very trendy dresser, wearing a leopard 
print blouse and stone washed jeans that fit her like a glove. She was 
wearing low heals and lots of jewelry. I timidly entered the salon and she 
brought us into the back while she closed up in front. Finally we sat down 
and Michelle started right in, "So J.J., I'm going to help you fit into your 
new role. Cindy said you would be a great candidate, how do you feel about 
it." I was about to have a breakdown, Cindy gave me a Valium, that she stole 
from her mother and told me to relax. I was honest with Michelle, that I was 
scared to death and I had no idea how I was going to pull it off. Cindy 
looked at me and said, "J.J., you don't give me enough credit. Do you want to 
forget the whole thing and have me take you back home to be a quitter!" She 
seemed almost angry, I didn't want to upset her and I didn't want to be a 
quitter and said, "No, this is what I want." I think the Valium was kicking 
in, because my knees stopped shaking. Michelle said fine, lets get started. 
She took me into the back and had me strip naked. I was very self conscious 
as she looked me over. She covered my torso with a smelly cream and had me 
wait about 20 minutes before taking a shower. The small amount of hair that 
was on my body was gone. I was told to lay down on a low table and she 
proceeded to wax my legs and "bikini line", boy was that ruff. Cindy gave me 
a pair of white cotton panties to wear and a kimono like robe. Michelle 
brought me into the main salon room and sat me at one of the stations. Next 
she waxed my eyebrows and used the electrolysis needle on my faint beard. She 
said I needed a few more treatments (I didn't know it was permanent) She then 
gave me a facial and removed the small callouses from my feet. I couldn't 
believe the process I was going through, but the pill had done its job and I 
could feel no pain. I was given a pedicure and saw that my toenails were now 
pink. Michelle brought me over to the shampoo sink and shampooed and 
conditioned my hair. She gave me a cut that framed my face and proceeded to 
give me a perm. I couldn't stand the smell of the perming solution, but 
couldn't do much about it. The perm was done and when she finished with the 
styling and some highlighting, I wasn't allowed to look. I think that Cindy 
thought that I would leave right then and there. I insisted on seeing myself, 
but Cindy convinced me that I wanted to wait until they were done. Michelle 
then took me over to the manicurists table and gave me tips and wraps and 
several layers of polish as well, I protested when she made the nails so 
long, so she filed them down to a more conservative length and gave them 
another coat of pink polish and a top coat. Finally I was brought over to the 
Cosmetician area, first, much against my protests, Michelle pierced my ears. 
Cindy gave her the gold studs for me to wear. 
  She then started on my makeup. I asked her as calmly as I could not to go 
too wild. She promised. I ended up with a rather subdued look except for my 
eyes, where she used lots of mascara. Cindy brought out the overnight case 
that she had brought in and took out the clothes she picked for me to wear. 
She had two outfits chosen. The one which included the denim skirt, I refused 
to wear. The other was a pair of jeans with a blouse of white cotton with 
puffy sleeves, I said OK and she proceeded to get me dressed. She had me take 
off my panties and put on a flesh colored g-string like garment that was 
quite elastic. It pushed the last vestiges of my maleness up and underneath 
me. I was then given a pair of white lacy bikinis and a matching white bra. I 
had to wear an elastic waist cincher to give me a little shape. It was 
uncomfortable, but bearable. She gave me a pair of silicone filled inserts 
used for mastectomy patients that filled out my bra to a B-cup.  It felt 
strange to feel the additional weight on my chest, and they jiggled when I 
moved. The blouse, I found out, was a western style that buttoned on the bias 
and had a very tailored taper. Cindy gave me a pair of socks to wear, I 
thought to myself, "Thank God she didn't want me to wear stockings." I put 
the jeans on and they fit well. The had a wide waistband and fit to show off 
my rear. The jeans were baggy fit in the legs and tapered to the ankle. The 
ankles had zippers and little bows at the top of the zippers. Cindy gave me 
the boots she bought for me. They were short boots with a low heal and a 
little decoration at the top. She handed me my new glasses, fastened a gold 
chain with a little heart pendant around my neck and gave me gold cuff 
bracelet to wear. I turned around and looked in the mirror and almost passed 
out. I was a GIRL! With my glasses on I looked a little "book wormish", but I 
looked like the kind of girl that if I took off my glasses, I could show real 
promise. I couldn't believe it. I was actually excited, this could really 
work. I didn't want to appear too enthusiastic to Cindy, or she would 
probably make me wear the skirt and heels, but I began to feel that this 
wasn't going to be too bad after all. 
  My hair was not the BROWN it was before, but a cute brunette with reddish 
highlights. The perm was still kind of tight, but it framed my face nicely 
and cascaded in curls down the back just above my shoulders. I had cute bangs 
in the front. My eyes were deep with a golden eye shadow and long black 
lashes. My lips were a soft pink-coral color matching my nails. They were 
full, almost pouty. My look was that of a college coed. Cindy was very 
pleased with how I looked and said, "Lets go out and celebrate!" I didn't 
know about going out in public yet, but off we went. 
  We left the salon and Michele locked up. On the other side of the mall was a 
restaurant that also had a small niteclub. The drinking age was 18, and I was 
still 17 until next week. The last thing I needed was to get proofed. Cindy 
noticed my hesitancy and said, "Don't worry honey, we are only going to get 
something to eat." 
  We went inside and were seated at a table. I noticed how different women are 
treated in public places and I liked it. We ordered salads and I ordered a 
Perrier. Cindy ordered wine and was proofed, she was already 18 and I cringed 
when the waiter looked at me and thought about asking for my proof as well. 
One of the things I had not thought about in all of this was my voice. I had 
a high squeaky voice for a guy, but for a girl, I still didn't have the 
mannerisms down fully and thought I would be a dead giveaway if I attempted 
to talk. At first I whispered, almost feigning that I had lost my voice. As I 
became more comfortable I spoke a little clearer, but was still apprehensive. 
We finished dinner and as I should of thought, Cindy wanted to go into the 
niteclub. After pleading on my part, she relented. We said our goodbyes to 
Michelle and were off to the motel for the night. Cindy had picked a place 
about 50 miles up the interstate and we headed off. I found myself thinking 
about my new existence and what was happening to me as we drove along the 
highway, I had a lot of things to think about. Cindy was playing the stereo 
and a Carly Simon song came on. We found ourselves singing along and I began 
to fall more and more into the acceptance of my female role. I liked the 
feeling I was getting, the acceptance by Cindy and the fact that I was 
starting over as a girl. 

(To be continued) 
--
