Archive-name: Changes/coed5.txt
Archive-author: Katherine Alicia Harrison
Archive-title: Co-Ed, The - Part 5


  In our previous episodes, J.J., formerly Jonathan Jerome, now Jennifer 
Joyce, is attending State U. with her girlfriend Cindy. J.J. is learning 
about his/her new found femininity and the trials and tribulations as well as 
the wonderful things that come from being a pretty young woman. In our last 
episode J.J. and Cindy went on their first date since coming to campus. 
J.J.'s date, Robbie, was better than she could of imagined. J.J. is beginning 
to love her new life. 
*************************************************************** 

  The next morning was Saturday and Cindy and I slept in. We got up around 
noon and already I was thinking about our dates for that evening. I couldn't 
believe that a guy was making me go so crazy. All I could think about was 
him, what I was going to wear, where we were going, what we were going to do, 
everything. I was a mess. Cindy recommended that we go over to the mall to 
buy a couple of new outfits for our date, I agreed and we got ready to go. I 
threw on my normal loose jeans and sweatshirt. Cindy just shook her head and 
said, "I thought you were into being a fox, not just some scabby looking 
nerdy girl." I didn't want to be thought of that way, and my mind was so 
confused about everything that was happening anyway, I got changed. I ended 
up wearing my tight stone washed jeans, my black boots and a red and black 
striped blouse. Cindy fixed my hair and helped me with my make up. When she 
was all done, I looked dam good! We grabbed our purses and headed over to the 
mall. The first place we stopped was The Limited, I'm beginning to love this 
store. They have great outfits. I was looking around and all of a sudden, 
Cindy grabbed my arm and brought me over to a rack where they were having a 
sale on several different items. One in particular was a black leather skirt 
that was half price and my size. I looked at her and at first said no way, 
before I knew it we were in the dressing room with the skirt and three other 
items. Cindy said to me, "You like Robbie, don't you?" I said yes. "And he 
likes you, right?" I said, "Yea, I think so." "So he will like you even more 
in this skirt!" I thought for a minute and said, "OK". Cindy said great and I 
tried it on. The skirt was straight with a 18" hem and a back slit. It was a 
good 4" above my knee when I looked down. I ended up getting the skirt, but I 
really didn't think I would wear it. The reality was, that I liked being a 
girl, but on my own terms, not Cindy's. I decided that I would not hold back 
from trying to look the best I could, but with the things that looked right 
for me. I wanted to be feminine and sexy, without looking flashy. Maybe 
someday I would go towards a wilder more provocative look, but for now my 
tastes seemed to be leaning towards eyelet and lace. We went into several 
other stores and I began to realize, more and more, that I really liked 
softer more feminine looks, different than the tastes that Cindy had. I 
actually bought a couple of longer fuller cotton skirts and some pretty 
blouses to go with them. I bought a beautiful lace blouse and skirt and a 
very cute outfit of a billowy light blue skirt in a pretty print and a 
matching blouse. It wasn't just a skirt, more like a jumper, with wide 
shoulder straps that came up from the waist. I ended up also buying another 
lacy blouse that went with the outfit. I even bought a couple of pairs of 
heals, a pair of flats and a pair of cream colored high healed ankle boots 
with lots of detailing. They were so pretty. We went back to the dorms after 
a full afternoon of shopping. It was almost 5:00pm and our dates were picking 
us up at 7:30. We were going to a Country Western party and hayride up in the 
mountains, Dan was a real cowboy at heart and said he wouldn't miss this 
annual event. 
  I took a quick shower and shaved my legs. I examined my body and no matter 
how hard I tried, there is no way that I could pull off fully being a girl 
with out some major physical changes. What would happen if Robbie really 
tried something, how could I explain if I was "read". I began to get nervous 
again.   Cindy calmed me down and helped me with my make up and hair. She 
said, "J.J. you look more like a girl than three quarters of the women on 
campus, so stop your fretting." I felt better with her encouragement and felt 
if I was going to continue to carry this off, I would have to be the best 
looking girl I could. I wanted a softer look, so I chose pinks and soft mauve 
eye shadow in my makeup. I wore my hair pinned back on the sides and brushed 
soft bangs in the front while I left a cascade of curls down the back. 
  I felt so pretty that way. I decided to wear my new all lace outfit. It was 
a beautiful cream colored lace with tiny pink ribbons woven into the pattern. 
The blouse was very fitted and had a Victorian waistline to it. I needed to 
get myself ready to wear it. I wore my cream colored satin and lace corset 
and had Cindy pull it very tight. I still was not used to the constricting 
feeling it gave me. I put the inserts into the bra cups of the foundation 
garment and adjusted the shoulder straps to fit properly. I adjusted the 
flesh colored g-string that I wore to conceal my maleness. 
  For the first time, I wore soft ivory colored lace stockings that I had 
bought and fastened them to the garters of the corset. The feeling of the 
stockings felt wonderful caressing my legs. I pulled a beautiful pair of 
cream colored Vanity Fair panties up and smoothed them into place. They were 
satiny with lace trim and looked wonderful on me. I turned and Cindy snapped 
a picture of me with her Polaroid. She said that I looked like a Victorian 
lady at the boudoir. We both giggled. I put on the blouse. It had a 
sweetheart neckline with lots of ruffles and lace. The bodice was all lace. 
It had huge puffy sleeves with three button cuffs with ruffles and pearl 
buttons down the back, Cindy had to button me into it. I bought a single 
petti-slip to wear with the skirt, it gave the skirt a little more fullness. 
I put on the skirt and found that the drop waist and lace detailing made me 
look oh so feminine. The skirt came down way below my knees, but above my 
ankles. The slip gave it a little fullness but not as much as a petticoat 
would have, I love the feeling and may have to buy a petticoat to go with it. 
I sat down on the bed and stepped into my new boots, they were high healed 
with a tie top in the front and came about half way to my knees. I stood and 
they were a little difficult to maneuver in at first, but I soon got used to 
them. The outfit had two matching ribbons of eyelet and lace with it. One had 
a snap and a tab on it. Cindy took it and fastened it around my neck and 
snapped the tab to the back of my blouse. This gave me a high collared look 
with an open bodice, I couldn't believe how femininely sensual it looked. The 
boning of the corset and the inserts that I was wearing pressed the flesh of 
my chest together to give me a most womanly form, openly displayed by the 
provocative blouse. The other ribbon Cindy tied into a bow in my hair and let 
the streamers trail down the back. I put in a pair of pretty lace and pearl 
bow earrings and a spray of my favorite perfume, L'air du Temps, finished my 
look, I felt like a princess. Cindy got dressed in more of her own style. She 
wore a denim mini skirt and a western style blouse with lots of rhinestones 
and tassels and a denim jacket with a studded western pattern on the back. 
Her western styled boots completed the outfit, and although, as always, she 
was a knockout, I felt that I was a little more alluring, for the first time, 
than even she was this night. I did some last minute touch-ups on my makeup 
and we went down to meet the guys. Don kissed Cindy hello, I got the feeling 
that he had big plans for the evening with her. Robbie saw me and stopped 
dead in his tracks. He couldn't get his eyes off of me. I blushed when he 
said I was beautiful. He said to me, "Jenn, let me get a good look at you." I 
pirouetted around for him and my skirt swirled as I moved. He pulled me to 
him and gave me a big kiss. I was startled at first and then felt myself melt 
in his arms. It was obvious he was glad to see me as I could feel his hard 
cock against my feminized crotch. This was going to be difficult. I loved how 
feminine I felt and I wanted to be with Robbie, I just don't know if he would 
want to be with me if he knew what kind of girl I was. We hopped into the car 
and headed up to the mountains to go to the party. When we got there, there 
were alot of people, all singing and dancing and having a great old time. 
They were cooking steaks on an open fire, Don and Robbie grabbed some big 
ones and got some for Cindy and me. My corset was so tight, I couldn't eat a 
thing. I drank some beer, but quickly switched to wine, beer doesn't agree 
with me. Robbie and I danced for what felt like hours. At midnight, we had an 
old fashioned hayride. Robbie and I lay back in the hay and sang along with 
the group and I cuddled close to him. We kissed and hugged and I felt more in 
love than I had ever had before. I couldn't believe this was happening to me. 
When the hayride was over, Robbie helped me down and helped me brush any of 
the errant hay off my dress. There was a big bonfire to finish the evening 
and I sat on Robbie's lap with my head on his shoulder as we sang into the 
night. 
  Don lived not too far from here and what was to happen next I couldn't have 
imagined in my wildest dreams. By the time the bonfire was over, we had all 
had alot to drink. Especially Cindy, who was almost out on her feet. Don and 
Robbie carried Cindy and I over to the car and started to drive home. Robbie 
and I were cuddled up in the back seat and I didn't notice that we were not 
heading home. We stopped at a place that looked to be a campground. It had 
several small cabins on the property and was deserted. Don got out of the car 
and carried Cindy, semi-conscious, into one of the cabins. Robbie picked me 
up out of the car and started to take me into one of the other cabins. All of 
a sudden, I realized what was happening to me. A shot of adrenalin moved 
through me as I had never felt before. I pushed myself out of Robbie's arms 
just after we entered the cabin and fell to the floor.  Robbie closed the 
door behind us and knelt down beside me. I was shivering with fear about what 
was going to happen. Robbie, always the gentleman, helped me up and let me 
sit on the edge of the bed. I sat staring at the floor motionless, thinking 
about what was going to happen to me. Robbie went over to the fireplace and 
started a fire. It was cold in the early morning air and the fire took the 
chill out of the room. He came over to me and knelt down beside me on the 
floor by the bed and said, "J.J., don't be afraid, I know all about you." 
Another shot went through my body, "What had he said? " I thought to myself 
as I looked into his face. "J.J., I know who you are and what you are and its 
OK. I want you more than anything." This couldn't be happening, I can't 
believe what he was saying. "Jennifer, I figured out after our first date. 
You didn't have all of the equipment in the right place, so to say. But I'm 
different than most of the guys. Don would kill me if he heard me talking 
this way, but you really turn me on. I thought I was gay... well not really 
gay, but bi. This summer I met a female impersonator at the beach. He.. I 
mean she worked in a club near the boardwalk. I was incredibly turned on by 
her. I couldn't get her out of my mind. Then I met you. You are even better. 
I can't believe how feminine you are. If I hadn't felt your body next to 
mine, I never would of suspected. Cindy caught me looking at you on our last 
date. When I turned my head to look at her, she smiled and winked at me with 
a knowing look. She knew I knew about you!" This is incredible. No wonder 
Cindy didn't try to stop my relationship with Robbie and said that he would 
like me no matter what kind of girl I was. I put my arms around Robbie and 
hugged him to me. We kissed passionately our bodies locked in a lustful 
embrace. The light of the fire bathing our bodies in a warm glow. I stepped 
back from him and stepped out of my petti-slip. The glow of the fire 
illuminating the sheer lace dress I was wearing making my feminine form quite 
apparent through the gossamer fabric. Robbie unbuttoned my blouse and I 
unbuttoned my skirt and I threw them over the chair. I stood there in front 
of him, with one lace ribbon in my hair and another around my dainty neck. 
Here I was wearing a heavily boned and laced, very sexy, satin and lace 
corset, matching French cut panties. The garters from the corset were holding 
ivory colored lace, seamed stockings and I was wearing high healed, cream 
colored ankle boots around my lace covered legs. I stood in front of him, a 
seductive young virgin waiting and wanting to be taken by her man. He pulled 
me to him in front of the fire and we stood on a fur throw by the hearth. He 
kissed me deeply, holding me close to him. I knew what to do, what I wanted 
to do. I fell to my knees and loosened his belt and his pants. I pulled down 
his shorts and his rigid cock sprung to attention. It looked huge in front of 
my face like that. I thought to myself about when I was a young boy and that 
I never, throughout my life, was completely sure of myself. I always thought 
that I was miscast and I was never going to be the kind of person I wanted to 
become. At this moment, that was no longer true. I was a woman and wanted 
more than anything to please my man right at this moment. I reached up and 
kissed the end of his cock, then slowly licked the long shaft to the base of 
his balls. It felt wonderful on my tongue. I licked it all over and finally 
took the cock into my mouth. I slowly started sucking the massive member. I 
could feel Robbie start to pulse to my rhythm. As he started to move, I 
reached up and held the muscular cheeks of his ass while he continued to pump 
his hardness deep into my mouth. I had difficulty breathing until my throat 
relaxed and then I felt him go deeper and deeper until he felt totally buried 
inside of me. He grabbed my head and pulled me to him, his cock half way down 
my throat. I could barely help from choking as I felt the turgid rod begin to 
pulse and then erupt with warm creamy fluid. What once I thought would 
totally repulse me was now one of my most cherished acts. I could not swallow 
all of the overflow and some came out of my mouth. Robbie wiped my chin and 
fed me the balance of the nectar which I licked lustfully from his fingers. I 
wanted him now more than ever. He reached down and removed my panties and the 
g-string holding in my maleness. Robbie seemed captivated to be making love 
to a beautiful woman with a cock. He turned me over on my knees and elbows, 
giving me a pillow from the chair to hold onto. He got behind me and started 
rubbing and licking the tight little rosebud of my derriere that was to 
become my "pussy". His cock still had some of his cum on it as he slowly 
started to enter me. The pain, at first, was almost unbearable. He slowly 
entered me until the head of his cock was immersed in my backside. As the 
pain subsided, he inched the stiff rod into my bottom until he had more 
freedom of motion. I began to go from pain to pleasure as he started pumping 
his manhood deep inside of me. I was being taken as a woman. I could feel his 
balls slapping on my ass as he drove into my new "pussy". I responded to his 
pulsations and could feel him stiffen as he came again, filling me with a 
warmth I couldn't have imagined. I came as well and we collapsed into each 
others arms. In the morning I awoke with Robbie holding me. He had pulled a 
blanket over us to keep out the night chill. I heard some rustling outside 
and got up to see Don out by the car. I quickly got up and went into the 
bathroom to get fixed up. Thank God the water was turned on so that I could 
wash and fix myself before we left. I heard Don bang on the door and Robbie 
must of awakened with a start, not wanting his buddy to see him with me in 
all of my glory, if you know what I mean. I came out, all patched up from our 
nighttime activities and kissed Robbie on the cheek. He picked up his stuff 
and went out to the car. Both Cindy and I were hysterical laughing when we 
saw each other, because we both were having, quite apparently, a hard time 
walking. The guys got their macho kick out of their conquests and laughed 
along with us, not that we were complaining. I lay next to Robbie all the way 
back to campus. 
  He kissed my forehead, played with my hair and held me close the whole way. 
I am now his girl and I can't wait for him to make love to me again. 

(To be continued)   
--
