Coffee
by deirdre

It was my first day at home all to myself--after 8 years with 
preschoolers, this was the first day that they were both in school!  I 
was saving this day to relax and do nothing.  Sure, I knew I may well 
be bored in a few months...weeks...days...I don't know.  But when that 
time came, I would look for a job.  In the mean time, I would keep 
the house going without the kids underfoot and, well, do anything I 
pleased.

Outside the window I saw Sharon walking down the street.  Sharon is 
my best friend in the neighborhood.  I was free, I could just go say hi 
to Sharon!  Walk with her, even, and see what she was up to.  I went 
out and greeted her.  She stopped to say "Hello".  I asked her were she 
was going.  She said she was going to Helen's house for coffee.  I 
didn't really know Helen though I'd seen her.  It struck me that I 
ought to get to know my neighbors better.  I felt a little pushy, but I 
told her I'd come along.  I knew I couldn't afford to be shy if I wanted 
to get to know the neighbors better.

Sharon didn't sound enthusiastic, which surprised me--that wasn't 
like Sharon.  She said Helen wouldn't be expecting me.  She didn't 
give me any specific reason not to come, though, so I persisted.  
Finally she gave in.  We talked as we walked down the block and 
around the corner to Helen's house.

When we entered Helen's house, a lot of the women of the 
neighborhood were there.  I was surprised--it seemed like they all 
knew each other well, and met often like this.  It made me wonder 
why Sharon wasn't more willing to invite me along.  But Helen was 
very friendly, telling me to stay, and introducing me to all the 
others.  Most were sitting around the kitchen table, which was 
rather large.  Soon we were all sitting around, drinking coffee and 
gossiping.

I noticed Helen had a deck of cards.  That struck me as a little 
strange.  She shuffled, then started dealing out the cards.  The 
women must play some sort of card game.  She stopped after dealing 
just one card to each of us.  All the women immediately turned over 
their cards.  They wanted me to turn over my card too, so I did.  
Then, one woman complained that it was too soon to be her turn.  I 
didn't know what she meant.  The others all protested her 
complaints.  I looked at her card.  I realized it was the lowest card 
of any of ours.  I asked Sharon what it was all about.  I'm not sure 
she heard my question.

The woman's name was Amy.  She seemed rather young and had a very 
striking figure--I'm sure any man would have been sneaking glances 
at her.  Helen got up and led her out of the room.  All the other 
women resumed their conversation, but some started talking to 
another of the women, telling her to go.  I didn't know where they 
wanted her to go.  Her name was Lianne.  After she left, I realized 
she had the highest card of any of us.

We kept talking, though I still wondered exactly what was going on.  
In 10 or 15 minutes, Lianne returned.  Everyone told me it was my 
turn.  It turned out my card was second highest.  They could see I 
was confused and simply told me to go upstairs.  They wouldn't tell 
me what it was all about.  I went upstairs.  Helen was there.  She 
took me to a door and told me to go in.

The shade was drawn and it was dark except for candle light.  Amy 
was there.  She was nude!  She was nude and blindfolded, laying on 
her stomach on an ottoman!  Her hands were handcuffed behind her 
and her legs were cuffed together too!  There were whips and 
paddles laying around!  I stood there with my mouth open staring.  
Then I darted for the door.

Outside the door, I ran into Helen.  I told her I wasn't interested in 
this.  I told her to let Amy go.  I told her I was leaving.  Helen 
wouldn't have it.  She told me everything was OK, that it was Amy's 
choice.  She told me that Amy wanted it.  She said all I would have to 
do is paddle Amy a little, or something like that.  She dragged me 
back in.  She asked Amy what she wanted.  Amy said "Please whip 
me".  She asked Amy if she liked it.  Amy said "Yes".

Amy's voice had desperation.  She added a "Please".  She sounded like 
she so wanted it.  Helen took me out again.  She said Amy was at my 
complete disposal.  I could do anything to her or make her do 
anything I wanted to.  Anything.  She told me not to worry, just to 
pat Amy lightly if that's all I wanted to do.  She said it was 
expected.

I don't know what made me do it, but I finally gave in.  I went back in 
the room.  It was weird being in that room with a woman in that 
position.  And a woman like Amy.  Her body was absolutely gorgeous.  
And even though she was ten times better looking than me, she was 
lying there, waiting for me to whip her.

I took a paddle.  I stood there a little, doing nothing, nervous.  
Finally, I tried the paddle on her rear.  She jerked a little.  I was 
afraid I might have hurt her.  I suppose it was actually surprise 
after lying there for so long with nothing happening.

"Do you still want it?"  I whispered.  "Yes" she answered, whispering 
in kind.  Did I want to make sure she didn't recognize me?  I paddled 
her rear a couple of more times.  Then some more.  I looked around at 
the whips.  I took a whip and whipped her with it.  Not very hard--I 
couldn't make myself do it very hard.  Then I got into it--I gradually 
gave her harder and harder strokes.  Finally I could see her body jerk 
with each contact.  She still didn't yell at all, only a low grunt 
sometimes.

I stopped.  I was breathing hard.  It was nerves.  It occurred to me 
that this woman would do anything I wanted her to.  She would have 
sex with me if I wanted.  I'm not lesbian, but it occurred to me that I 
could get her to lick me.  I always wanted to know what that felt 
like--my husband has never offered to do it.  I could order Amy to do 
it now and she would.  Just to see what it feels like.  No one would 
ever know.

The temptation was too great.  I pulled off my jeans and panties.  
Then I pulled her onto the floor, positioned her face down, then lay 
down so her face was on my cunt.  I told her to lick.  Just one word.  
It was almost a whisper--she wouldn't be able to work out the voice.  
She licked.  It did feel good.  In fact, after a few seconds, it felt 
great and I was definitely excited.  After a few more, I was lost and 
there was no stopping.  I thrashed on the floor, holding her head 
against my cunt.  I couldn't believe the sensation.  Soon I was 
coming.  I wasn't completely quiet either, but I didn't think she could 
get much out of my breathing and moaning.  I pulled her head off 
when I was spent.  Then I pushed her back on the ottoman and got 
dressed.  I quietly went out of the room.  Helen wasn't there so I 
went downstairs.

When I got down, everyone was gathered around the television.  After 
a moment, I realized that they were watching two women having sex!  
A pornographic movie.  Then I realized that it was Amy and me!  
Everyone was glancing my way!  Some were making lewd comments.  
I blushed and ran away.

Sharon came after me.  She told me not to worry, that everything 
was OK.  She told me to come back.  She pulled on my arm and finally 
I gave in.  The women were still watching the television but it 
wasn't me.  It was still Amy but with some other woman--Helen.  
Helen was completely nude.  She is very petite, slender, almost like 
a little girl.  She had this big whip that she was waving around, then 
she let Amy have it on the rear!  Amy yelped--louder than anything 
she did when I was with her.  Helen whipped her again.  I stared, 
transfixed.  One of the women told me she was looking forward to 
getting me up there.  I stared at Helen with that whip.
