                       "Lab Partner's"
              ...how to kill a late nite shift in a microbiology lab..
              by Kent Douglas, PhD.


   Telling you about the laboratory I work in, for a major pharmaceutical
company, would bore you to tears, so I won't.  Instead, I'll tell you about
a particularly "fun" night-shift that I worked when I was still doing my
post-graduate work at a major University in the Pacific Northwest..

   Our lab was staffed with a pretty even split, `sex' wise, which I'd felt
was rather unusual.  My fellow laboratory `rat', as we referred to ourselves
occasionally, was a tall, leggy brunette, named Colette, and though she was
"married" to a very reserved and likable guy, named David, I would always
get a whiff of her terrific perfume and body scent, and a look at those fan-
tastic, extremely perfect legs and her beautiful, round ass, and forget our
lab protocol.  Colette was the epitome of feminine perfection, from her soft,
sensual voice, to her lady-like and high-class walk.  Normally, she would
wear pumps to work, but this evening, she was in medium length high-heels, 
and they accentuated her dynamite legs as much as her dark brown hosiery.

   My eyes were pretty sore and my last trip to the men's room showed that I
looked like one too many martini's, even though I'd not touched a drop of any
alcoholic beverage for days.  Colette had remarked, "Kent, you look pretty
fried...why don't we put this last batch of specimens away, and call it an
evening.."  Both of us had been working so much overtime, the company would
have gone bust had they cut a check for it, so we both decided not to put in
a full-blown work shift this evening.

   Colette and I had gotten pretty close, working together.  Once, I'd looked
into her purse, and noticed she had one of those basal temperature monitoring
thermometers in her purse.  I knew what it was for; they're used primarily
to "get pregnant with"...monitoring your base body temp, waiting for the
abrupt change which signals `ovulation' in women.  Though I'd said nothing,
I had seen it in there for quite a long time, over a period of several months,
while we'd been working together.

   We cleaned-up the lab, put our work away, and I said, "Colette, are you and
David trying to have a baby??"..  "I noticed the thermometer in your purse, 
and thought it kinda funny it's been in there for so many months now."  She
looked at me with a really sad look on her face and said: "I think that Dave's
sperm count is really too-low, `my gynecologist said that I'm fine!!", but
then said "my husband might not be!"

   Her eyes stayed on mine for a long time, and I looked into hers wondering
how such a pretty, voluptuous and incredibly `sexy' lady as Colette was having
trouble getting "pregnant"..  I remembered days as a teenager, that girl's
that I'd "screw" would get `pregnant' just having a coke at the local drive-
in, the first time we'd go out.  I imagined Colette with her long, shapely
legs open, and David's skinny ass going up and down on her, as he tried to
shoot his juice up and into his wife, Colette's womb, and I noticed that
I must've been staring at her the whole time, as I pictured the spectacle.

  "Kent, you are a dirty old young man!", Colette sighed.  "I could see the
wheels turning in that head of yours!", she continued.  I didn't realize I'd
been so obvious, but it must've been written all over my face, my imaginings
of her long, legs widely spread open on a king size bed, with her long, brown
curls all over the pillows.  I thought: "Kent, the fatigue is really getting
to you...you're so transparent that Colette can see right into you!"

   "Listen, Colette...", I'd said, trying to persuade her that I only had
thought of her as my co-worker..."you're very, very pretty, but you are very,
very married"...adding "I don't chase married women....PERIOD!"

   "Uh huh", she said in disbelief, "I see you looking at me, wanting me",
"just last week you were leering at my butt!!!", she proudly declared, 
as I took my glasses off and tried to clean them off with my smock.  "You
thought I hadn't seen you, but god, you looked like you were going to mount
me right then and there, as I bent over the desk to pick-up my pencil"..

  "Okay, Colette....you're right!"..."I do like your ass, but you have to
admit, I haven't, in all these months, made a single pass, or said anything
that remotely sounded like a proposition!!"  "I wanted to,`though...."

   "You bet you did, Kent..", she added.  "David and I have been fighting so-
much lately, that I've been looking at your `butt', `too..", adding "and it
has occurred to me that you might be the answer to my prayers...to `our'
prayers.."  "Would you mind making me `pregnant', Kent??", she whispered to
me, her eyes welling-up with tears.  "Dave won't know, and I want oh so much
to have a baby!!"  "We just need a `donor', and you're handsome and bright!"
.."I think you'd make us a wonderful baby, Kent...", Colette mused out loud.

   I was "stunned" by Colette's request.  My instinctual drive to "hold her"
kicked-in, and she was in my arms, kissing me so hard, her hands all over my
body, tugging my shirt out of my trousers, undoing my suspenders, unzipping
my fly...and I forgot all about being "tired" for a moment..

   "We're going to do a sperm count, Kent!!", Colette cooed sexily, as she
undid the snaps on her skirt.  "We're going to put some of your sperm under
the microscope!"  "But I think we'll take the sample AFTER it gets deposited,
and starts to run out of ME!"..

   Mom didn't raise any `idiots', I thought, so I took off my wing-tips and
stripped down to boxer shorts, and my socks.  Colette was busily folding her
skirt, and her blouse, stacking her clothes neatly on her desk.  All she had
on now were a pair of creme colored panties, and a bra, which she was taking
off, watching me getting naked.  I finally asked "Where should we be doing
this??", as we eyed the room, noting that other than my desk, all the work
tables were still covered with equipment.  The floor was "too cold", even
if we used something, like my rolled-up exercise mat, which I did sit-ups on
when I worked alone, just to work-off tension.  I hurriedly cleared-off my
desk, leaving only the desk blotter in place.  It was certainly wide enough.

   "Come here, big boy!", Colette giggled, seeing my prick bouncing as I 
walked towards her.  I couldn't believe we were going to "fuck", right here,
in a multi-million dollar laboratory, full of security guards who made the
rounds like clock-work.  I glanced up at the clock, and knew we had, at the
best, 25 or 30 minutes before the guard would be back, checking our lab, as
our lights were still on.

  "Colette, this is CRAZY!"..."David will know!", I began to say, thinking
that if I did get Colette pregnant, my blonde hair would possibly be passed
to the baby, and both of them had dark brown hair..  "C'mon, Kent....it'll
be fun, it'll feel `terrific', and we're both getting paid to do it!!", she
laughed to me, opening her legs wide, displaying her delightfully tiny,
short-haired muff..  "Just come fuck me, will ya!!", she giggled..

   I marveled at how sexy Colette looked, laying on my desk, her legs wide-
open, and her hands holding her beautiful tits.  "Look Kent!!", Colette
exclaimed, "Look how wet my pussy is for you!!"  "Don't you like her??"

   I looked, alright.  Boy, did I look!  Colette was holding open her outer-
labia, and her cunt opened into a dark pink, tiny `O' of shiny, folds of
very hot, muscle tissue.  My hand was unconsciously stroking my prick, as
I leaned closer to look inside her.  "Look, look at my pussy, Kent...isn't
it the tightest you've ever laid eyes on??", Colette proudly said.

   "Colette...can you clench and open those muscles for me??", I asked, as
she tilted her box up at a more direct angle towards my face.  "Like this!",
she said, her hands holding her cunt even more open than before... "Is this
how you want me, `hon..", she moaned in an endearing, loving voice..  "Are
you going to put that nice, strong piece of meat UP ME NOW??", Colette
begged me.  "Come on, let's hurry up before the guard catches us!!", she
implored.  "Let's get me pregnant!!!"

   "Yesssssss!!!!", I crooned as my prick felt the heat of her twat, my hands
opening her knees further.  "Oh definitely, babe!", "gonna fill you with some
real hot stuff, darlin..", I grunted, pushing my hips forward, feeling the
silkiness of Colette engulfing my nervous, but amazingly stiff dick.  I let
it sink into her slowly, centimeter by centimeter, as she wriggled around on
my desk blotter.  I forgot everything else, except this strikingly beautiful
and leggy woman, who was now wrapping her long, perfectly shaped legs around
my lower back, as I leaned down to kiss her erect nipples.  "Jeeezus, 
Colette!.. `your cunt is so goddamned tight!!",  I hissed as I suckled her,
feeling her muscles tighten even harder on my member.  "God damn!!!, this is
like velvet, babe!!", I told her, watching her eyes close.  Her pulse was
throbbing around my cock, as I marveled at how tight she was, how hot she
was, how perfectly fit we were.  This was heavenly!!!

   Our fucking felt so natural.  Here we'd been working together for nearly
a year, and now we were grunting and sweating like animals in a lusty ritual
of procreation, not dissimilar to the rabbits we had in our live holding
cages a few hundred feet from us.  I looked down at Colette's magnificent and
perfect body, and imagined that my cock, now buried to the `hilt' in her,
was right about "here", poking her flat abdomen with my thumbs, my fingers
marveling at the baby smoothness of her sexy belly and well formed breasts.
"You like my body,.....don't.....you.......Kent.......uhhnnnnnhh!!", my
fast breathing, panting partner said.  "You love being inside me, don't you??" 
..."unnhhnnnmmmm......oooohhhhhhhhh....YEAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!", she grunts.

   "You gonna give it to me deep, honeeee!!"..."nice....unnnhhh....deeep...
up my.....uhnn.....cunt......ohhhhhh!!!..OHHHHHHH!", Colette cried out as
we made my not so leveled desk slide on the tile floor.  "Uh....Huhhhh!!!",
..."ummmmmmmmm....oooooooohhhhhhhh....yeahhhhhhh!!", I growled back, pushing
up further, deeper into her expanding, orgasming vagina.  "OOHHHHHH!!!!...
YesssSSSSS!!!!", here....unnhhhhh.......it.....unhhnnn......goes!!!", I
panted back to Colette, her face distorted and her mouth open, as if she were
screaming as my sperm leapt up into her hungry snatch.  "UHHNNNNNNN!!!!!...
...OOOHhhhhhhh!!!", we both moaned in passionate synchronization, our pelvic
muscles jerking and spasming as we went over the edge.  "YESSSSS!!!!", I
shouted loudly.  "Oh COLETTE!!!".."BABEE!!", I heard myself nearly shouting.

   I collapsed on-top of her, her legs pulled-back, her knees mashing her
tits, my mouth on her now relaxed neck.  We lay there like that for what
seemed like a long time, but I remembered: "the guard!!"..."Oh shit!!", and
snapped out of the dreamlike post-coital state we were both basking in, 
cutting short our "after-glow" to a short "flash".  We were very shaky, but
I helped Colette put her clothes back on, omitting her panties, and putting
them into her purse for her, as she put her make-up back on and began to
brush her hair.  As disheveled as she was, I thought her to be the most
beautiful woman I'd ever seen, and seeing her smile at me differently, as she
made eye contact in the mirror of her compact, I realized that just a few
moments ago, we had still been just co-workers.  The clatter of a keyring,
and the opening of the west entrance to our lab, as the guard came in, and
asked "How's it going, folks??"..."burning the midnight oil, are you??", had
us both looking at each-other thinking "that was close!!", as neither of us
had thought to put our shoes back on yet.  A pool of fluid was clearly 
visible on my desk blotter, an ever growing wet spot of sperm and juices.

   "Well, do you think you knocked me up, Kent??", asked Colette, once the
guard had gone.  I knew if anyone was going to get anyone else pregnant, the
odds were in my favor.  "I'd think so...based on how much sperm is soaked into
my desk blotter.", I wryly added.  "Look at this, it went through every single
sheet on it...if it could do that, that poor `egg' doesn't stand a chance!!",
I quipped.  "We could check for motility, if you want!"

   "We'd better", Colette said.  "If David goes down on me tonight, and some-
how notices my flavor's a little different..", "it might as well be for a
damned good reason!", "don't you think??", she asked.  At that, she went to
the supply cabinet, got out a box of specimen glasses, and held one out to
me, and proceeded to lift one of her incredibly sexy legs up onto my desk, as
she opened her vagina for me.  "I'll squeeze down real hard....maybe force
out some from up deep inside", she said, as I raised her skirt, and opened
her smock to get a better look.  "Uhhhnnnnn!", she grunted, as I watched the
opening to her bright pink cunt dilate and close, pushing out a large glob of
thick, creamy sperm from deep within her body.  "Catch it!!", "don't let it
fall on the floor!", Colette laughingly ordered.  "C'mon, let's put those
little fuckers under the microscope, Kent", she giggled, leading me by the
hand as I tried to center the wad on the slide.

   We had so much of a sample, I put most of it in a petrie dish, and got
the slide onto the viewing stage.  "C'mere, look at this!!", I told her, and
focused on it.  What looked like a zillion sperm were wiggling away on the 
slide, and after Colette looked, she looked back at me, and gave me a huge,
rib-crushing `hug', nearly breaking my ribs.  "I knew you'd do it!!", she
whispered in my ear.. "I feel it!!"  "Oooh yeah!!", she giggled, smiling like
the cat who'd eaten the canary.

   I hoped she was "wrong", and got nervous after a week had gone by.  In
two-weeks, though we'd gone back to our normal professional behavior at-work,
I saw a radiance in Colette's pretty face that I'd never seen before.   In
three weeks, she came up to me, beaming, and said "how's it going, papa??",
as she put her arms in my smock and held me tight, her cheek resting on my
shoulder.  We stood there and `wept'.

   When "Jeremy" was born, my `son'....he had shockingly blonde hair, just
like I was afraid of.  David always looked at me kinda "funny" after the
baby was born, but otherwise never said anything rude or derogatory.  I saw
the whole family at a picnic the company had, after I'd left, and I still
have mixed feelings about the whole affair.  But they're happy!


