"COLLEGE"
by Joel Rosenberg

     The room smelled clean and fresh. After finding my room, I had no problem
getting all of my gear out of the family car. Mom and Dad helped me start to
get organized with what to put where. Now they were gone and I was alone in my
new dorm room, in college! What a thrill! It was a fight all thru High School,
to maintain the B+ average, and it had paid off. I got accepted into the first
college that I had applied to. And now... eight months later... I am here.

     Let me introduce myself to you. My name is Robert Andrews, I am 18 years
old, born in Elkins Park, PA - on June 4, 1964 at 2:37pm. I am 5'11", light
blue eyes, blond wavy hair, 164 lbs. I was on the track team and wrestling
team, and swim team in High School, and was part of the broadcasting club, in
my Junior and Senior year making early morning announcements while everyone was
in homeroom, I got around a bit. I have a younger brother two years younger.

     I first noticed that I was interested in looking at other boys, I guess,
was when I was in my junior year at High School and in the wrestling team,
getting all sweaty in skimpy tights with very close body contact. There had
been many times when some of my teammates and I would accidently rub up against
eachothers cocks and I noticed more times than not that my opponent was hard as
a rock, but that's ok, several times so was I. Showers were nice and I got to
see as much cock as I wanted to see... in many different stages of development.
This kept up and carried on into the swim team, the track team of that year as
well as watching and stealing an occasional grope in all three sports during my
senior year.

     My first and up to now, my only homosexual experience had been during this
past year after one of my swim meets. I had been last leg in the relay race and
had to put forth all of my effort during the race, when I got into the water, I
was in third position by a length and had to put myself into overdrive. I did,
and I finished the race 1-2 seconds before second place. Boy was it close.
After all of the pats on my ass by teammates, I went into the locker-room to
lay down to rest a bit. I spread out onto one of the benches, and closed my
eyes. I must have fallen asleep, because the next thing that I knew, there was
a hand, no mine, giving my now hard cock the once over... several times. I
looked up and saw one of the boys from the other school in nothing but a jock
strap with one hand in his jock and the other on my cock. I drew up as much
strength as I could and looked him in the eyes and asked him if there was
anything I could do for him. His reply was for me to just lay back, relax and
enjoy. He then, with one motion, removed my swim suite and jock strap, putting
them on the bench near me. He lowered his head and then took all 8" into his
mouth and gave me a blow job. This was my first blow job and it took me by
surprise. I couldn't believe the feeling that I was getting as the boy let his
tongue swirl around and up & down my cock. While his mouth was doing wonders to
my cock, his hands seemed to have minds of their own. One was gliding itself up
and down my stomach and brushing up against my nipples and yet the other was
playing with my ballsack and pushing its way into my ass crack. The combination
of his talented mouth and his one hand playing with my chest and the other hand
now pushing its way into my asshole, I shot a load of cum in at least seven
spurts, I was trembling for a few minutes afterwards. The boy got up, smiled,
said that I tasted good, and said thanks and good-bye! I never saw the boy
again, but the experience left me with little doubt as to what my sexual
orientation was.

     Anyway, as I was saying, my parents gone, I was left to my new room to put
away my belongings. Set up the stereo, my alarm clock, put my cloths away in
their proper place. The room was a double with two twin beds, but on the door
of the room, I only noticed my name. As I was sitting on my bed, after
everything was put away, there was a knock on my door. I got up and opened the
door. There, at the door, was a guy, about 21-22 yrs old, who introduced
himself as Mike, and said that he was the RA for the dorm, and if I had any
problems I could go to his room and talk it over or get solutions. He also told
me that there was to be a get-together at 5:30 for all new people, and that I
was invited to go.

     I went to the get-together and met a number of guys from the Bucks County
area, I live in Warminster, and even some with the same major that I had
(computer sciences). Most of the guys that were there were freshmen, and about
my age. Here I found out that, the guy that was scheduled to room with me, had
canceled out and that as far as Mike knew... I was going to have the room all
to myself. I didn't know till later how lucky I was! Well, I made arrangements
to eat with one group of guys for dinner, another for lunch, and some from both
for breakfast, as we were comparing class schedules. We all talked about what
we could expect at the college, dorm, and social life in the town, then saw a
movie about the college. After the movie, we were assigned into groups and then
to a guide to be shown around the campus tomorrow. All during the later half of
the get-together, I noticed one of the guys kept glancing my way, but each time
my eyes met his, he turned his face away. This happened several times. He
looked 17-18, and kinda cute, a boyish face about 5'8" with black hair. At the
time I didn't know what he was looking at me for.

     The get-together was over at 10:00 and we were told to get ready for bed
and that the hall lights would be out 11:00. I went to my room, dressed down to
shorts, got a pair of briefs and a towel and went to the hall bathroom to take
a shower. Two guys left the bathroom as I went in, and the air was thick from
heat. Someone or people seemed to like extra hot water in their shower. I made
my way into the dry off area and put my briefs and towel on the rail. I looked
around to see who was there and seeing no one, I took off my shorts and briefs
off and went into the shower. As I finished lathering up my body, I heard
someone come into the dry off area. Try as I might, from where I was standing,
I was not able to see who this person was, that had entered the area. I went
back to concentrating on my shower, when the person walked into the shower-head
section. I turned around to acknowledge the other presence. To my surprise, the
other person in the shower area with me was my admirer from the get-together.
We exchanged pleasantries, and I found out that his name was Chris and that he
was from Trenton, and was 18 also. As we spoke to eachother, I noticed that his
eyes were giving me to once-over as if to approve of my form. He complemented
me on having a well defined body and asked me what I was doing to keep in
shape. I wanted to tell him that lately I had been building up a sweat beating
my meat thinking of the blow job that was given to me several months earlier,
but I decided instead to tell him that I jog 2 miles a day and do the usual
exercises. I too, was giving him the once-over and was interested in what I was
looking at. All of a sudden I saw that he was getting hard and he started to
turn away to hide it from me. I also felt that familiar tingling in my groin
and my cock started its upward climb. We both seemed to finish showering rather
quickly at this point. We moved into the drying area, and I noticed that Chris
was getting rather close to me several times more than what would happen under
normal circumstances. I started to get hard all over again, and I noticed that
Chris was as well. Then it happened.

     He reached over to me and put his hand on my ass. It felt great. I didn't
know what was happening to me. OK, I knew, but I WAS surprised, I invited Chris
back to my dorm room!

      While it was only a few doors away from my dorm room, the walk from the
bathroom to my room seemed to last almost forever. Chris and I were looking at
each-other and smiling the entire way, but not saying anything at all. When we
got to the door, I couldn't get it open fast enough, but as soon as we were in,
and the door was closed, I turned to him and received my first male-to-male
french kiss. And it seemed to last for a lot longer than the 3 minutes that it
actually lasted.

     By the way, for those of you that don't remember, my name is Robert
Andrews from Elkins Park PA and am 18. This is my first night at college in the
dorm and I met Chris, an 18 year old boy, from Trenton NJ, at a little mixer
held for the new guys earlier in the evening. We met each-other again in the
bathroom in the showers. Oh yea, this is my second encounter with a boy, the
first one happened 2 years ago in the locker-room after a swim meet.

     Now where was I? Oh yea, I was in the middle of a great french kiss. Boy
was this a great feeling. And we were doing a good deal of feeling each-other
up as well. I noticed that he had a firm body when we were in the shower, but
now, as I had my hands roaming all over his body, I could really tell that he
had a firm body. The feel of his tongue on my teeth and brushing up and down
the inside of my cheeks was something that was just - I can not even put it
into words. GREAT !!!!

     We started to laugh when we broke the kiss, and headed to my bed. We put
the towels and the clothes that we were carrying, on the other bed. As we stood
at the foot of the bed, we turned again to each-other , and embraced. As we
held each-other, I felt his hands on my back trailing down my spine and then
into the top of my briefs. I was following his lead. Soon we both had our hands
inside the back of the other's briefs. I started to shiver as he yanked my
shorts down. It was now or never, I thought, so I yanked his down as well. We
stepped out of our shorts, which were down on the floor already, and tossed
them onto the other bed as well.

     He took my hand in his and lead me onto the bed. We both lay down and
Chris started to kiss me all over my face and neck, I, again, followed his lead
and started to kiss his neck and face. As we were kissing, I could feel his
hardness up against mine and from where, I don't know, I felt my hips bump and
grind into Chris'. We separated and moved our hands between us, moving down our
chests and onto our stomaches, then down to each-other's groins. It was a weird
feeling having some-one else's hands playing with my pubic hairs and my
rock-hard dick. But I was sure that I was giving Chris the same cool feeling.

     Chris put his hand around my boy-cock and started to jerk my cock in a
nice smooth up and down motion. I changed my position in the bed from being on
my side to one that would allow Chris to slide on top of me and continue his
actions. He was still facing me the entire time. Chris stuck out his tongue and
put it onto my adams apple and then trailed down to my cock. As he went down, I
helped him move his body around so that his boy-cock was now in my face. It
smelled clean and fresh. A nice boy aroma.

     I then felt a feeling that I hadn't felt in 2 years. Chris had put my cock
into his velvet like mouth. I started to moan. As I opened my mouth when
moaning, I felt Chris' boy-cock at my lips. I had to give his cock the same
thrills that he was giving my cock, so I opened up my mouth a little wider and
let his cock enter my mouth. It felt smooth against my tongue. I tried to mimic
his motions. Soon, we were both moaning, and the combination of his moaning and
the tonguing that my cock was receiving, was a felling that just sent me for a
loop. I soon felt that tingle deep down in my balls that told me that I was
soon about to cum. I tried to let him know, but he just put his hands under my
body, grasped my ass and pushed my cock deeper into his mouth. I don't remember
cumming as much as I did just then, but I soon to find out just what cum tasted
like, 'cause I felt the shake in his cock that let me know that I was soon
about to get my first load to sample. And it came in five squirts. It tasted a
little salty but I was able to adjust real fast.

     After we calmed down a little, Chris turned around and faced me. We licked
each-others faces and then kissed. We separated and then both looked up at the
ceiling and I caught him with a shit-eating grin on his face that made me
laugh. Chris asked me why I was laughing, so I told him that I had only known
him for 4 1/2 hours, and that this was the first time I sucked some-one off --
and I was loving it! I then told him of my first experience, and when I was
finished, he said that I had done real good - for my first time!

     Chris then asked me if I wanted to feel something real good. Well, I
couldn't just say no, so I said yes. He then asked me to turn over. I did. He
then got on top of me and with his tongue, licked his way down from my neck to
my ass. As he spread me ass cheeks apart he asked me to please not fart! Well
-- I laughed for a good minute and so did he. I told him that if I felt that I
was going to fart, I would tell him. He then spread my cheeks apart and trailed
his tongue down my crack and onto my butt hole. I had goosebumps all over as he
flicked his tongue at my hole, then I felt a glob of spit on my hole and then
his tongue putting pressure in the same spot. Then it happened - his tongue
went into my butt hole, into a place where nothing else has ever gone into
before, sure things went out - but never in. What an experience. The feeling
then intensified as I felt his tongue twist while still in my hole, and I found
myself begging Chris to fuck me.

     Chris asked me if I had any KY in the room, so I told him to look under
the bed in my left slipper. I put it there thinking that I might need it for a
smooth relationship with Rosey Palm and her 5 daughters tonight, instead it is
being used for a different reason - one that I hoped I'd enjoy. He got the tube
and I felt him grease my hole with his finger. Slowly inserting one, then two,
then three. When he had three fingers in me, and I was comfortable with it, he
started to twist them around and then pull them almost out and then push them
back in again. The sensation that I was feeling at that time, was
undescribable, and I was really moaning out loud - and loving it. I again found
myself asking Chris to fuck me. He slowly withdrew his fingers and a few
seconds later I felt his warm boy-cock at the entrance to my hole. One quick
thrust later, he was in. I let out a small scream, as the rest of the scream
was stopped by my pillow. Chris was nice enough to let still for a moment to
let me get use to the new intruder of my inner rectum. When I told him that I
was ready, he slowly started to pump him boy-cock in and out, but not all the
way out, of my ass. It was a nice steady motion, and I was shocking myself by
really liking it, a lot! Boy was I missing out on something real great, until
now. I wanted to make up for it all, right now! I told Chris to go faster - and
he listened to me and acted on what I said. He started to go faster and faster.
The rocking motion was great. Chris also managed to rock left and right, making
for a nice change.

     As Chris was fucking me, my rock hard boy-cock was fucking my bed, and the
friction was great. Chris moaned that he was almost there and then started
rocking faster and faster still. All of a sudden, he just stopped, and I heard
a slight moan from way down in his lungs. I swear that I also felt him
ejaculate and send his load up my ass. It was warm feeling. And at the same
time, I, too, shot my wad into my sheets. Chris pulled out and told me that I
was the best fuck that he has had in 1 1/2 years. I smiled and thanked him for
the compliment and told him that we now had to go back to the showers. This
time, we needed to just shower and then go to bed.

     Boy was my ass sore! But I felt real good about it. I've got to hand it to
Chris, he fucked my ass raw and I didn't even know it last night, but I know it
now! I had to sit back and reflect about the events from last night, as well as
rub my ass. Was this what I came to college for? Was I to expect this more
often - I hope so! All I knew was that I had to get in touch with Chris. I
didn't even get his room number. I had so many questions, so many new feelings,
and I needed Chris there to help me sort them out.

     As I was thinking about last night and Chris, I got a hard-on. I knew that
I didn't have to anything on campus until 4:00 and it was only 9:40, so I
reached down the side of my bed and got a sock out of my shoe. I lowered my
briefs and put the sock onto my rock hard hard-on. I took hold of my covered
cock and started to jack off, when suddenly someone knocked on my door.

     Shit!

     I quickly took the sock off of my cock and pulled up my briefs. I got my
robe on and went to the door. I prayed that my hard-on would go down.

     "Who's there ?", I asked.      "It's Mike", the voice said, "your RA!"     
I opened the door and asked him to come in. He came in and asked me if
everything was ok last night. "Keep calm", I told myself. I asked him why, well
-that did it -- my hard-on went down.

     "I heard someone scream in here a little after midnight last night", he
said as he went over to one of the desk chairs and sat down, "did you have a
bad dream?"

     How was I to tell him that I had been fucked for the first time and
enjoyed it, and that my scream was both a sign of instant pain and constant
pleasure? I sat down on the bed facing Mike.

     "I had a little pain in my lower back and it was very sharp.", I said. As
I said this, I noticed his eyes checking me out. I quickly looked down and saw
that my robe was open and that Mike had a full view of my brief covered crotch.
I started to get another hard-on as I tried to cover-up.

     "I hope that the pain went away quickly", Mike said. Boy did he have that
right!

     "Yea, the pain did go away, but it lasted a few moments, and it was a deep
throbbing pain.", I didn't want to say too much, yet. I still took notice of
his looking me up and down, and I was still not sure what he really wanted....

     "Well, if you would like, I can give you a complete massage. My father is
a chiropractor and I have learned a thing or two from him, as well as some new
points of my own, on relieving back pains.", said Mike.

     What was he saying? I know that he could see I had a hard-on. What should
I do? Do I want him? Is he coming on to me? There are so many thoughts going
thru my head now. How do I respond? So many thoughts, going so fast, with such
a powerful question. Fuck it ! I'll see where this leads.

     "Sure Mike, I still have a slight pain in my lower back and a back rub
right now would really be great, if you have the time!"

     "Yea, I have the time. Just give me a moment to get some ointments from my
room and I will be right back. In the meantime, take your robe off and lay down
on the bed and wait for me."

     I took off my robe as he left my room. I got on the bed face down, and
waited for Mike to return. What had I done? Was I right? Shit! Where do I go
from here? So many questions, so little time. Why hasn't he come back yet? What
could I expect to happen? How far will I let him go, or how far will he try to
go? OK... just relax. Calm down. I closed my eyes and started to relax, and
then he came back.

     "Good, you follow instructions nicely", Mike said, "now I want you to
relax and enjoy what is about to happen." Then I heard a jar open and could
hear Mike apply a liquid onto his hands.

     He got onto the bed and I started to shiver when I felt his hands on my
back. They felt cold and clammy, but the contact did let my hard-on go down a
bit from the shock of the cold hands. I turned my head around so that I could
see what was happening. Mike had changed his outfit before coming back into my
room. He was now wearing bikini styled swim trunks and took off his t-shirt.
Mike had positioned himself on top of my legs, and had this intense look in his
eyes. Suddenly, his hands didn't feel cool and clammy anymore, but warm and
soothing. The rubbing and pushing and kneading of my back was really starting
to take its toll on me as I started to get hard again, and my moaning was
getting louder as the feeling that Mike was giving me was getting more and more
intense.

     Then it happened, his hands started to roam south, really down south. I
felt his hands rub against the top of my briefs, not once but a few times. And
finally rubbing my ass thru the briefs. "YES, OH YES!" I heard myself saying.
He was rubbing and squeezing and rubbing and squeezing. I felt his fingers
running around the elastic of my briefs, and in one fluid motion, he had them
off and was now kneading my naked ass. G-D did that feel good! Just as quickly
as it started, it stopped. I turned my head to find out what was going on, and
I saw him reach into that jar one more time, then rub his hands together.
"Don't stop!", I said. "Stop?!", he said, "I've only just begun!"

     His hands returned to by back and ass. Mike started up again with renewed
vigor. This time around, his fingers started to pay attention to my crack,
brushing by my rosebud, and roaming up and down. He stopped at my butt-hole,
and pushed his finger into my ass. I felt it slip in. He moved that finger in
and out a few times, getting my hole well lubed. I was still a bit sore, but it
still felt great. These sensations, that I have been feeling the past 2 days
now, are still too new to me, but I know that I like them. He then got off of
my legs and turned me over. I was happy for the relief that this new position
gave my cock. It was getting a little painful being cramped up against the
sheets with no way to maneuver.

     "You look so beautiful,", Mike said, "I wanted to do this with you ever
since I saw you come to the office to get your dorm key. I'm going to make sure
that you really enjoy your stay here." With that, he pulled his swim trunks
off, showing me his 9" cut cock. He took my legs and put them over his
shoulders and started to suck my cock. College will really be great if this
keeps up. It only took him a few moments, as I was already close to cumming
when he put his finger up my ass. I have had intense orgasms before, but this
took the cake, I must have squirted 10-12 times into Mikes mouth, and he took
it all.

     He then let go of my cock and leaned forward and in one thrust, he plowed
into me with his 9" steel pipe deep into me. I opened my mouth to scream, but
Mike had my briefs in his hand and quickly put them into my mouth. Mike started
to pump into me with a force that I didn't even feel last night with Chris. He
was driving into me with such vigor that my whole body started to move to the
headboard. The sweat was dripping down onto me from Mikes forehead. Before I
know it, my head was banging into the headboard with the same rhythm that he
was banging into me. He then bent his head down onto my chest,and started to
lick my nipples. The licking turned to sucking, and the sucking turned to
biting. Oh, the feelings of both my ass being assaulted and my nipples being
chewed on. My cock came back to life and was starting to throb. Mikes pace
picked up speed and I knew that it was only a matter of time before he would
cum into my hole.

     Mike started to grunt and moan, it seemed to be so loud that I thought
that we might draw attention to my room from the other guys on the floor. I
felt that I was about to cum as well, and I was trying to make some noise but
with my briefs in my mouth, I could just about make a slight moan. The taste of
my own briefs was something that was also new to me. It was a different taste,
a taste of sweat and dried cum, and a little piss - I think. I don't know if it
is a taste that I could get used to. I had to concentrate on something other
than my cock or the cock that was pounding away at my ass with no nonsense. But
when Mike said that he was about to cum, I changed my thoughts to my own cock
and the pleasure that I was feeling in my own ass.

     We both came at the same time. I all over our stomachs and he all over the
insides of my ass. I could feel him throb out each squirt. Oh what a feeling
!!!!! He pulled out of my ass and slid up on top of me and took my briefs out
of my mouth and gave me a deep kiss. I could feel his tongue moving around in
my mouth - checking out everything that was there to check. After a few
moments, we separated and he took my briefs, still in his hand, and used it to
wipe up the mess that we made. He got up from my bed, put his swim trunks back
on, picked up his gear and headed to the door.

     "OK kid, next time you need some help with your lower back, just let me
know and I'll be right over." and with that, Mike left my room. I looked at my
watch and saw that it was 11:35 and figured that now was as good a time as 
any to go to the shower room and get up for the day.
