                      Collen:  A Young Man's Fantasy

     As I remember back to my childhood, one person stands out as
the one person who taught me the most about life.

     Collen was the most mannish man I had ever known.  He always
dressed in jeans and a flannel shirt, and in the winter he wore a
thermal under it. In the summer he kept off his shirt and expose
his muscled back to the sun.  He had only had one weakness--he
went through women like a drunk goes through bottles of cheap
wine.  He always had a new squeeze--and never kept them for long. 
All the men in town wanted to be him; all the women in town
wanted to be with him.  I was his secret admirer.

     I would go to the attic and watch him chop wood at the barn
below.  It was hot, so Collen always took off his shirt and
expose his muscled, hairy chest.  As the ax fell, his biceps
would bulge and he would groan a little.  When he finished
chopping, he would wash the dust off of himself at the well,
pouring fresh, cold water over his head. 

     While Collen was working, I would enjoy the view as I
stroked my cock, pretending that he was sucking it.  Each time
the ax fell I would squeeze harder, pulling the fluid out of me. 
Finally, when I couldn't hold back any longer, I would release,
feeling the warm, sticky fluid flow down my balls and leg.

     This wonderful event went on everyday, six days a week. 
When he chopped wood, I would go to the attic.  No one knew--Ma
never looked for me; I was quiet and out of her hair.  Pa was
gone, so Collen was the only other person on the ranch.  

     One day, I was walking near Collen's house.  It was a shack
that was falling in.  I often walked by, just to see if he was
there, or somewhere else on the ranch.  This time, however, he
was home, washing himself in the backyard.

     He was standing by the well, naked as God intended.  His
muscled legs were covered with lots of black hair.  His dick,
although not hard, was at least six inches long.  I stood there
watching as he was washed his arms, soaping them up, then rinsing
them with water.  He moved down his body, applying soap to his
chest.  My thoughts filled of sucking his cock and stroking his
hairy chest.  

     I quickly walked over to a grove of trees, out of his sight. 
My hand found my zipper and released my hard cock.  I pulled on
my dick, and enjoying the wonderful sight.  As I watched, he
soaped his dick.  His soaping caused him to become hard, and that
didn't stop him as he continued to run his hand up and down his
hard shaft.  I could hear his groaning from my hidden place, 
and the sound of his pleasure was more than I could take.  I
blasted the tree in front of me with my juice, and I uttered a
groan.  Collen had came just seconds before me, and he heard my
noise.  I was in a daze--sex does that to me--and he slipped up
on me, and grabbed my arm.

     "What in hell are you doing?" He questioned.  I just looked
into those deep blue eyes, and said nothing.  "Enjoying my show,
I would guess." he said, looking down at my dripping cock.  His
cock was dripping to.  "Do you know what I could do to you with
this?" He said as he grabbed his dick and shook it.

     "Yes," I said.  I did know.  He could hurt me badly with it. 
But, his look was tender, and I didn't care.  My lust had built
up and I just wanted to be fucked by him.

     "Have you ever been laid?" He questioned. "And don't lie to
me, boy."

     "No," I said in a small voice. 

     "Come with me," he said, "if your not afraid of me."  I
wasn't afraid of him, instead I was ready for him.  I walked
behind him, my cock hanging out of my trousers.

     He told me to go into the house.  He grabbed a towel and
tossed it to me.

     "Dry me off," he ordered.  I ran the towel down his chest,
arms, legs, and finally his cock.  He grinned as I slowly wiped
his cock, and pulled gently on the head.  "I'm the kind of guy
that likes women, and men.  Your a fine young man, and I'm going
to show you what having sex is about."

     He ordered me to take off my clothes, and get on the bed.  I
did as he asked, being in a daze.  His hands were rough from the
outdoor work he did and it felt good to be touched by him.  He
kissed my neck, slowly working his was down to my nipples, biting
them lightly.  Each nibble was like a telegraph to my cock,
causing more and more precum to leak out.  He rolled me over, and
started kissing my butt.  He spread my ass cheeks with
slight force, and pushed his tongue against my anus opening. 
Each push of his tongue nearly drove me wild--I was moaning
loudly.  He kept doing his work while his hand found my hard
dick.  He slowly stroked my dick, almost the way I would do if I
were masturbating.  

     "Please, please fuck me!" I cried.  He must have been ready,
because I felt his dick as it slowly slid inside of me.  I didn't
think it would go in because he was so large.  He slowly pulled
it out, then back in.  In no time at all I was ready for much
more.  He pushed it in and out with more earnest, causing me to
groan louder.  "Harder!" I screamed.  He pumped me with much more
force.  I could hear his balls as they slapped against my behind;
I could feel his breath at my neck.  I felt as though my body
would burst as he continued to speed up the pace.  His hand was
still pulling my cock, and I couldn't hold out any longer.  With
a scream, I filled his hand with creamy jism, and he filled my
ass with a full load of his cream.  He went soft for a few
minutes, then I felt his dick get hard.  I looked over
at him, and he was licking my cum off his hand.

     "Tastes good," he said, "and don't think were finished."  He
fucked me for at least an hour more, causing me to cum several
more times.  Finally, when he was though, he rolled off of me.  I
found the towel had dried with, and wiped the cum off of me.  My
anus was bleeding some--his fucking had been too much for it. 

     "Did I hurt you?" he questioned.  "I didn't mean to.  I just
get carried away when I fuck."  Well, at least he was honest.

     "It doesn't hurt.  Don't all virgins bleed?" I asked.

     "I guess so." he said with a smile.  "I guess that if I had
a two-by-four up my ass I'd bleed to."  With that, he walked
outside and began to take his bath again.  I joined him, playing
in the water with him.

     Later, my Ma asked where I'd been.  I told her that Collen
was teaching me how to do some things.  That satisfied her,
but not nearly as much as Collen had satisfied me.
     
     From that day on, until I left home, Collen and I enjoyed
each other almost daily.  No longer did I go to the attic--I just
went to his shack and got the real thing.

