Archive-name: First/collfrnd.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: College Friends


     It was the beginning of the fall semester at _______ University, the best
of the Big Ten schools, and the parties and mixers were just getting underway.
My dorm unit was a no-opposite-sex-visitation unit, so we typically would go to
one of the other units for parties.  Greg, another freshman I met in an
engineering class was throwing a small party that night and invited me to stop
by and sample the beverages.
     When I got there, the party was already going.  Half the people were 
drinking pop, and the rest drinking beer.  The room was pretty crowded - pretty
much standing room only.  I grabbed a beer and settled down to lean against the
head of the bunk bed.  The stereo was playing in the background, but the
partiers paid little attention.
     "You look a little uncomfortable down there" came a girl's voice from the
top bunk.  Looking up, I saw shoulder length brown hair framing a pretty face
and a wide smile.
     "Well, it is a bit uncomfortable down here, but Greg doesn't have enough
chairs and there's only so much desk space", I said, "How are you doing way up
there at that high altitude?"
     "I've got plenty of room up here on the bunk.  Why don't you join me up
here?", she queried.  "My name's Sherry."
     I stood up and looked at her there on the bunk.  Her plaid shirt was
slightly open at the top, and I could see part of her left breast held in by
her bra.  She was a sweet-looking girl, a little on the chunky side, but quite
attractive nevertheless.  I climbed up onto the upper bunk with her, and we
chatted about how our experiences at school were shaping up, how our classes
were going, and frequent interruptions by the other partygoers.
     As we continued to enjoy the party, we both started to lean to the side
and kind of slump down on the bed.  She suddenly stretched out by the edge of
the bed facing out.  I followed by stretching out along the wall behind her,
and we continued our conversations with the other students.
     During a lull in the activities, I rested my right hand on her right hip.
Sherry didn't jump or move my hand away, and we continued our conversation.
But in a minute she dropped her hand behind her ample buttocks and was gently
rubbing the crotch of my jeans.  It wasn't long before I was hard and ready for
action.  She teased me like that on and off for and hour, with none of the 
partiers realizing what her hand was doing to me.  Nor did they notice my
fingers brushing up between the back of her thighs.
     Finally we both had enough.  She suggested we go to my room for some
privacy, since my roommate was never around on weekends.  "I live in a
no-visitation unit", I protested.  "So what!  That means everybody else is
gone somewhere else!", she said thoughtfully.  As we snuck in the door, I
noted she was right; the dorm unit was virtually deserted.  We hustled to my
room and locked the door behind us.
     I turned to Sherry and pulled her to me for a long and passionate kiss.
She relaxed in my arms and gave herself up to the erotic feelings racing
through her young body.  Her nipples were erect and pushing against the
material of her bra, visable down her partially unbuttoned shirt.
     "Mmmm, that's nice," she murmured as I cupped her left breast in my hand,
feeling the nipple swell even more under my fingers.  She rubbed her crotch
against my thigh, making my cock swell harder in the confines of my jeans.
"Let's stretch out and make ourselves more comfortable," she said as she pulled
me towards the bed.
     I kicked off my shoes and climbed into the bed. Sherry followed suit, also
loosening the button and zipper of her jeans.  She stretched out on the bed
beside me and placed my hand on a tit as she sucked the tongue from my mouth.
Her nipple was hard as I lowered my mouth to it and sucked on it through her
thin bra.  Sherry moaned and pulled my head tighter against her tit.
     I slid my hand under the back of her shirt and fumbled with her bra
strap for a moment.  Then it came loose and her breasts were uncovered to me
lustful gaze, wet tongue and sucking lips.  As I licked and sucked her nipples,
she started to moan softly.  "Oh, Larry, I love the feel of your tongue on my
tits."
     "If you like it on your tits, wait 'til I lick your pussy," I murmured.
She moaned again and put a thigh between mine, rubbing my hard cock with it,
and rubbing her jeans-clad crotch against my thigh.
     I was getting pretty turned on by then, so I slid Sherry's jeans down
off her legs, and pulled mine off to.  This left us wearing only underwear,
and the bulge in mine and the wet spot in hers showed us that we both wanted
the same thing (at least so I thought).
     I eased my hand under the elastic band of her panties and slipped my
middle finger down over Sherry's mound and down her wet slit.  She moaned with
pleasure and reached into my undies and started stroking my now rock-hard cock.
"Hmmm, what do we have here?" she asked as she pulled my cock out of the 
underwear and started pumping it gently.  I was getting really hot by now, and
started to sink a finger into her wet pussy.
     "Stop, I'm a virgin and I'm not ready for that," she suddenly cried. I was
startled - I hadn't really given that possibility any thought.  But not being
one to force the issue, I said "OK Sherry, I understand, but I can still make
you feel good."
     I kissed my way down her body from her face and neck, down across her 
breasts, paying special attention to her erect nipples.  I love to suck on
breasts, and she enjoyed the gentle sucking and licking, moaning softly when
I'd hit just the right rhythm.  My dick was hard as a rock by now, but I was
concentrating on Sherry's enjoyment first.
     Moving down from her breasts, I slowly kissed my way down across her
stomach while I slowly slipped her panties off her hips and down her thighs.
Her aroma made me hungrier for what I knew was coming.  I finished pulling her
panties off her legs, and she spread her thighs, giving my tongue easy access
to her wet mound.
     I ran my tongue down her wet slit, causing her to gasp as she pushed her
hips forward to bring my mouth in close contact with her pussy.  Her juices tasted great, and I knew I would always enjoy eating pussy.  Her hips began to move
rhythmically on the bed - up and down, up and down.  Taking my cue from her
motions, I timed my tongue action so that I would lick her juicy slit on the
upstroke, and slide my tongue across her clit on the downstroke.
     Sherry moaned a little louder as I continued licking her dripping pussy,
her hips starting to move faster now.  "Oh, Larry, that feels so good!  Don't
stop - make me cum now!" she cried as she pulled my head and face tight against
her dripping slit.  "I'm cumming oh God I'm cumming!" she squealed as her
orgasm swept over her.  I licked her slit for the wonderful wetness oozing from
her pussy, and after a few more spasms, she leaned back in the bed and relaxed.
     "That was wonderful," Sherry said, "I love the way you lick my cunt."
I said, "I'm glad you did.  But now look at my problem," gesturing to my rigid
penis.  "I know just how to take care of that," she said as she kissed her way
down my belly to my pubic hair.
    Taking my cock in one hand, she lowered her mouth over the head of my cock.
The feeling was so wonderful that I almost blew my wad then.  But she sensed
what was happening and took her mouth off the end of my dick.  She looked up
at me, smiled innocently, and stuck out her tongue to lick the drop of pre-cum
ooze from the tip of my dick..
    "Sherry, you'd better be careful or I'll cum right away," I told her, "You
have me so excited I can hardly hold it."  She replied "So don't hold it - 
shoot your cum in my mouth," and resumed her sucking.  The feel of her saliva
running down my cock, her tongue licking the head of my dick, and the slurping
sounds of her sucking made my cock swell to maximum size.
     "Oh, Sherry, I'm cumming!" I cried as the first spurt of cum jetted into
her mouth.  She hummed a response around my dick, which continued to squirt
gobs of sticky semen into her mouth.  She let it run out around her lips and it
ran down into my pubic hair, as her tongue continued to lick the underside of
my cock head.  Each lick elicited a little jump of my dick, and a little bit
more love juice oozed out.  She vacuumed up some of the gobs of cum with her
lips and looked at me.
     Sherry licked her lips and asked, "How'd you like that?"  The grin on her
face told me that she knew the answer to that one, as did the cum still on her
lips and chin.  I kissed her deeply, tasing my own semen in her mouth.  We 
shifted positions, her head on my chest and one leg over my thighs.  We were
both so satisfied we dropped off to sleep iin that position.
     As it is wont to do, morning rolled around.  And with it came the 
"morning hardon", the one that makes you wonder just what you were dreaming
about.  Sherry awoke and felt the pulsating hardness against her thighs.  She
started to rub her pussy against my thigh as her mouth found mine.  I reached
down and rubbed her pussy lips, finding them already soaked with pussy juice.
     "Larry, would you fuck me?" she asked.  "I thought you said you wanted to
wait," I said to her.  "Well, I've waited long enough," she said as she shifted
enough to  rub my cockhead up and down her dripping slit.  I could hear
exciting squishing sounds as she ran my cockhead arould her slit, and felt her
getting wetter and wetter.
     "Be gentle and go slow," Sherry said.  "I'll let you set the pace - I want
you to enjoy this," I replied.  With that she started to slip the head of my
cock into her pussy.  She was so tight that I thought I'd never fit into her.
Sherry moaned, pulled my cock out and rubbed up and down across her clitoris a
few more times.
     The expression on Sherry's face became more intent as she slid my cock
back into her pussy, pushing a bit further this time.  Meeting resistance, she
pushed her hips quickly, and my dick popped through her cherry. "Ouch, damn
that hurt," she cried out as she stopped moving her hips.  "Relax and you'll
be OK," I said, "You'll be just fine." 
     We lay like that for a little while, then Sherry started moving again.
Just a fraction of an inch at first, as her pussy gripped my dick with it's
hot tight walls.  After more kissing and breast manipulations drew her 
attention back to the pleasurable aspects of lovemaking, she started to move on
my cock again.  Slowly, by fractions of and inch, my dick slid deeply into her
incredibly tight pussy.
     "Oh God, this is so good!  I can't believe how this feels," she cried as
she bucked her hips up for better penetration.  "I never thought it would feel
so good - so good - ohhhhh I'm Cumming!!"
     This was too much for me.  She was so hot and wet and tight that I could
not hold back any more.  My cock jerked and a shot of semen gushed out,
squirting deep in her pussy.  "I'm cumming," I cried out and her pussy muscles
squeezed, making my cock swell again before squirting 3 or 4 more jets of cum
deep into her hot pussy.
     "That was wonderful," I told her after the sensations had subsided.
Sherry said, "I know, and I can't wait for the next one!"

--
