                 COLLATERAL 

     "I don't understand why you asked me here Mr. Watkins. My
husband handles the business. He spoke to you about the loan he
needs. I don't see how I can help." 

     Rhonda Stone smiled at the bank loan officer as she sat down
in his office. She and her husband had come to this small town
four years before. Her husband, Don, started a small audio/video
business that had been very successful. They were well liked in
the community and had many friends. Jim Watkins, the loan officer
was not one of them. He and his wife lived in the Stone's
neighborhood and they saw them frequently. Jim Watkins was an
older man in his early 50's. He was always making passes at the
27 year old Rhonda Stone. She was very good looking, blonde,
large firm breasts, nice legs and a small waist. He was hot for
her. Rhonda wanted nothing to do with him and told him so on
several occasions. She thought about telling his wife or her
husband but she didn't want to start any trouble.

     Now she was sitting in his office. Rhonda was wearing a
blouse and knee length skirt. She was very uncomfortable. Jim
Watkins had called her that morning and said he had to get some
more information for the loan. Her husband was out of town for
the day. She had explained that to him, but he wanted her there.

     "I asked you to come here this morning Rhonda because I want
you to suck my cock." He said straight faced.

     "Christ!!" Rhonda exclaimed as she got up to leave. "Fuck
you! You son of a bitch! You're an asshole!!"

     "Rhonda, if you leave now, and don't blow me, I'll deny your
husband the loan he needs. He'll be out of business in a week.
Now sit down." Watkins said calmly.

     Rhonda glared at the older banker, then sat back down. "How
can you do that!" Rhonda cried. "Don's never done anything to
you. He's hard working and a credit to this town!"

     "He, and you, are yuppie trash. You come to this town
thinking your better than the local people. Well he wants some of
my money and I want you. I think its a fair trade."

     "I'll never do it! I'll tell your wife, I'll tell your boss!
You're crazy if you think I'm going to suck your cock!!" She
glared at him with hate in her eyes.

     "Oh! You'll do a lot more then suck my cock. That's just to
start with. Over the course of the loan, six months I believe,
I'll have you wherever and whenever I want. If you refuse at
anytime, I'll call the loan. As for telling my wife, she won't
believe you. As you telling my boss. This loan is iffy. I think
your husband will do O.K. with it, but its close. Prudent banking
would deny the loan. My boss will understand that. Then I'll sue
your little ass off for defamation of character. I'll own you! So
Rhonda, you little cunt, get over here, stop talking and start
sucking!" He laughed.

     Rhonda was stunned. He had it all figured out. She wanted so
much to get out of there, but she wanted her husband to get that
loan. They needed the money. She sat there thinking and thinking.
As her predicament sunk into her she whimpered. "If, I suck
your cock now, you'll give Don the loan?"

     "Yes, then as added interest for this risky loan, you'll put
out for me whenever I want it. Now close and lock the door and
get over here and suck me off!"

     Rhonda sat there with shock in her eyes. Slowly, she
realized she had no choice. She was going to do it. She was going
to do this for the husband she loved. Reluctantly she got up,
locked the door and turned to face him. He was smiling
triumphantly. As she slowly walked towards him he said, "take
your blouse off". 

     Rhonda grimaced. She despised him and what she was about to
do. Her husband needed that loan. Slowly, she unbuttoned her
blouse, glaring at the banker with unconcealed hatred. As the
buttons became undone, she held her blouse closed, hoping against
hope for some escape from the lecherous man before her. 

     "Quit stalling Rhonda, or I won't fuck you, I'll fuck your
husband!" Watkins sneered. Resigned to the inevitable, Rhonda
silently slipped her blouse from her shoulders. She stood before
the banker in her sexy, lacy, skimpy white brassiere, her large
firm breasts barely concealed by the flimsy garment. Her tits
pushed against her brassiere, seeming to be trying to break free.

     "Get over here!" He ordered. Her heart was beating rapidly
as she approached Jim Watkins. When she came behind his desk,
Watkins slid his chair back away from his desk. His pants were
undone and his cock and balls were exposed. His cock was long,
thick and rock hard. He smiled up at her with contempt.

     "Get down on your knees in front of me and suck my prick.
Suck it good and your husband gets his loan. Suck it bad and
you're bankrupt."

     Rhonda looked down at the hard prick. Watkins' pubic hair
was as gray as the hair on his head. She sank to her knees before
the half naked man. Watkins put a hand on one of Rhonda bra
encased tits. She was shocked. Involuntarily, she backed away. 

     "NO no no!" Watkins laughed, "no titties, no loanie!" Almost
crying, Rhonda moved backed to him. Watkins put his hand back on
her breast. He squeezed it hard, feeling her nipple become erect.
He slipped his hand inside of her brassiere, touching her bare
tit flesh. First, his palm pressed against Rhonda enlarged
nipple. Then, he tweaked it between his thumb and forefinger. He
kneaded her soft tit flesh as the stunned young housewife kneeled
before him obediently. 

     Watkins pushed her skimpy brassiere cup aside, exposing
Rhonda's milky white soft breast. He squeezed and pinched her
naked tit. Rhonda remained on her knees before him, half dressed
and in shock as his hand worked on her breast. As he moved over
to her other tit, pushing her bra cup aside, she started to cry.
Watkins chuckled as he continued to feel her up. Then he said,
"ahh poor little baby girl Rhonda. She needs a pacifier, something
to suck on. Come here baby, suck on this!" He moved his hand to 
the back of her head and pushed it down towards his erect cock.

     "Please no!" She pleaded as his cockhead touched her lips,
"please don't make me do this!" 
 
     "Shut up kid and start sucking! Do it now or your husband's
store is history!" The banker laughed.

     Still crying, Rhonda reached up and took his cockshaft in
her soft hand and began stroking it.  Rhonda ran her fingers up
and down his hard cockshaft.  She thought if she stroked it
enough, he'd cum before she had to suck him. She moved her hand
to his balls and gently caressed them. 

     "Quit stalling and suck my cock!" Watkins commanded. Ashamed
but knowing she had no choice, Rhonda moved her face to his cock-
head. She was revolted and her heart was beating rapidly as her
silky tongue tentatively emerged from between her soft lips.
Then, ever so slowly, her tongue touched the underside of his
cock. Rhonda tasted the old banker's prick. Unsure of herself,
she licked cautiously at his hard shaft, then, her lips caressed
his prick. She licked his cock from his cockhead to its root and
back to his cockhead. Still sobbing, she opened her mouth wide,
moved her lips to his cockhead and sucked the banker's cockmeat
into her warm, watery mouth. 

     Rhonda's soft, perfectly painted red lips closed around the
older man's long cock. She felt his prick begin to enlarge as her
tongue moved along the shaft. Rhonda moved her head back and
forth sucking as much of the growing shaft into her throat as
possible. Her moist, watery mouth cover his cock shaft with hot
saliva. His mushroom shaped cockhead grew larger and more
resilient with each passing second. The rhythmic sucking and
milking of her soft velvety mouth made Watkins' prick continue to
enlarge. He was moving his hips back and forth as her cocksucking
mouth aroused him further.  Her eyes were opened and she saw his
gray pubic hair inches from her cocksucking lips. Finally, his
cock was fully erect. Rhonda had long since stopped crying. 

     "Oh yeah Rhonda," Watkins panted, "suck on that cock."
Rhonda found his words strangely exciting. 

     When Rhonda started to blow him, Watkins had taken his hand
from her breast. Now, as she continued to suck his cock, Watkins
slid his hand onto her chest and explored her breasts. As she
blew the banker, his fingers traced her tit flesh, his fingers
were rubbing and kneading the proud erect nobs of her nipples.
Then he palmed her nipple.
     
     Rhonda sucked harder, driven by his hands on her flesh,
pursing her lips tightly around his thick cock. He was groaning
as she continued to stroke the base of his prick and suck on his
cockhead. Then she took more of his prick into her soft wet
mouth.

     Rhonda returned her mouth to the huge dick before her. She
licked and kissed the underside from the base of his cock to its
head. When her lips returned to his cockhead, there were drops of
pre-cum oozing out. She licked around his pisshole, scooping his
pre-cum into her mouth with her tongue and swallowing it. She
licked between his foreskin and his cockhead, then sucked his
cockhead into her mouth once again. 

     The cocksucking act Rhonda was performing on the old man was
affecting her. Although she tried to rationalize that this was
not really sex, her nipples were hard and erect, her brassiere
push aside exposing her naked tit flesh. She felt her pussy
quivering and throbbing, discharging hot cunt juices into her
panties. She was really getting into it, and now wanted
desperately to please the older banker. She wanted to taste his
cum.

     Watkins was looking down on her, watching his cock slide in
and out of the married woman's mouth. He watched her head bobbing
back and forth as her lips held his cockshaft tightly and her
tongue flicked madly at the sensitive underside of his prick. He
knew she was getting into it, she was enjoying sucking him off.

     Although she was an experienced cocksucker, she had trouble
swallowing more than half of his large prick, and continually
alternated between sucking near the head and kissing and licking
further down from mid cock to the base where her hand was gently
stroking and milking his shaft. 

     When her lips next neared the root, Watkins panted, "suck my
balls!"  Rhonda complied. Still jerking his cockshaft with her
hand she moved her mouth over to his cum filled balls and licked
at his scrotum sack. Then she sucked one of his balls into her
mouth along with his gray curly pubic hair. His prick tasted of
raw sex. Her tongue and lips worked to devour his one cum filled
ball, then switched to the other.

    When she thought she had sucked on his balls enough, Rhonda
kissed and licked each one gently before returning her mouth to
his cockhead. Watkins looked down at her and watched his cock
sliding in and out of her mouth. As he felt up her tit, he was
moaning and moving his hips, trying to push more of his cock into
her mouth. He took his free hand and wrapped around her's,
showing Rhonda how he wanted her to jerk him off into her mouth
as she sucked him off. After she was doing it the way he wanted,
he pulled his hand from her breast and put both his hands on her
head and held it still and then moved his cock in and out of her
throat, fucking her mouth. As his cock passed back and forth
between her lips, her tongue licked and flicked at the underside
of his prick. Her lips held his cock tightly. Rhonda felt his
cock getting bigger and hotter. Her eyes looked up at her student
as she sucked his cock. Watkins began fucking into her mouth
faster and faster, faster and faster. On each stroke, he pushed
more of his cockmeat down her throat then the previous time. Her
moist tender lips grasped tighter and tighter around his
glistening prick as her warm wet mouth took more and more of his
huge shaft. 

     After a few minutes, Watkins had his entire 10-inch cock in
Rhonda's mouth, her nose was buried in his pubic hair. He then
held her head steady, and pistoned his entire cockshaft rapidly
in and out of her mouth from his pisshole to the root. He fucked
her accepting mouth for several minutes, driving his cock deep in
her throat. Rhonda's hands were now holding his ass cheeks for
dear life, her mouth filled completely with the thick, long mass
of cockmeat. Her tongue licked and flicked along the underside of
his cock as he reamed it in and out of her throat. Then, he
grabbed her head by her long blonde hair and roughly moved her
head back and forth along his prick as he continued to fuck into
her cock hungary mouth. Rhonda's panties were soaked with her
cunt juices which were flowing freely because of her cocksucking.

     "Its time to eat my cum Rhonda!" Watkins panted as he felt
his balls swell in anticipation of bursting forth with a heavy
load of sticky white cum. Rhonda sucked harder. Watkins knew it
was nearly beyond his control, that any second now it would be
over. Only a few seconds more... just a few, now.... NOW! 

     Rhonda's lovely young lips tightly pursed around his aching
cock, sucking voraciously, trying to milk his cum from him. His
body straining to hold back the inevitable. A gasp broke from his
parched throat.

     "NOW Rhonda, NOW!!" He screamed. His hands grabbed her head
and he shoved her hungrily sucking mouth down hard onto his
manically jerking cock. Finally, his prick exploded in her mouth,
filling it with his sperm.  Watkins's cum filled balls spurted
three or four large loads of their precious fluid in her mouth,
Rhonda continued sucking greedily as every drop emptied down her
throat. She tried to lick every moist bit of his cum from the
madly throbbing head of his cock. His hot gooey semen tasted like
heaven to her. She tried to swallow it all, but some slipped from
her lips. He then pushed her head back and shot several spurts of
cum all over her face. Rhonda watched as his cock jerked about
wildly, ejaculating his hot load on her face. His cum was in her
eyes and on her nose. Large globs of cum dripped down her cheeks.

     Watkins put his prick back in Rhonda's mouth. Her lips again
tightly encircling his massive cockshaft. He continued moving her
head back and forth as she continued nibbling on his cockhead,
sucking clean every last drop of his life-giving sperm that she
could until he was completely drained. He left his big cock
inside of her mouth as it slowly softened.

     "You're a pretty good cocksucker Rhonda." Watkins observed
as he pulled his now soft cock from her mouth and put it back in
his pants. Rhonda remained on her knees before him, no longer in
heat and stunned by what she had just done. "Now, get up here and
sit in my lap!" He laughed.

     Not knowing why he wanted her too, Rhonda got up and obeyed.
Watkins reached over and picked up a stamp and gave it to her. He
pointed to a spot on her husband's loan application. "Here!" He
instructed. Rhonda stamped the page, `APPROVED'. "There, wasn't
it worth it?" Watkins laughed. Rhonda, still revolted by what he
made her do, just nodded, `yes'.

     Watkins laughed again and took the stamp from her. He inked
it up, then, holding each of her breasts, stamped them
`APPROVED'. Rhonda was shocked, Watkins laughed some more.

     "Now get dressed and get out of here. I'll call your husband
tomorrow and tell him the good news. I think you should throw a
party saturday night to celebrate. I'll fuck you then. Dress
sexy, especially under your clothes. Understand?"

     Rhonda nodded `yes'. In a daze, she slipped off his lap,
repositioned her breasts in her brassiere, found her blouse and
put it on. "May I fix my make-up?" She asked softly. Watkins
nodded `yes'. He watched as she did. 

     When she got up to leave, Watkins asked, "what do you say?"

     Incensed, but knowing she didn't have a choice, Rhonda
answered "thank you."

     Watkins laughed, "your very welcome!" And watched as the
pretty young housewife who had just sucked him off for a loan,
left his office.

     Rhonda Stone's husband got the loan he needed. As Mr. Watkins,
the banker had instructed her when she blew him in return for
approving the loan, Rhonda Stone threw a party to celebrate that
weekend. A lot of people showed up, crowding her home. Rhonda
didn't see Watkins and hoped he wasn't going to come. She knew
better. He had told her he was going to fuck her there. Rhonda knew
she had to submit to him or he would pull the loan, bankrupting her
husband.

     An hour into the party, she saw him, standing with his wife
talking to a prominent local businessman. Watkins eyed her, and
beckoned her over. Rhonda obeyed.

     "Hello Mrs. Stone!" He smiled. "Do you know my wife Anne and
Mr. Jones?" Rhonda shook her head no and Watkins made the
introductions. As the conversation petered out after several
minutes, Watkins took her aside and said, "upstairs hallway in 5
minutes. NO BULLSHIT!!" Rhonda nodded `yes'.

     She didn't want to do it, but was afraid of his power over her
husband's business. She was upstairs when she was supposed to be.
She waited several minutes before Watkins came up. "Where's the
bathroom?" He asked. Rhonda pointed to it and he pushed her inside,
locking the door. "My, you look pretty!" He laughed gazing at her
young firm body in a low cut, short party dress, "dressed up for
me?"

     Rhonda hated him but nodded `yes'.

     "GOOD! and your undies?" He asked lifting the front of the
married woman's dress. She had on stockings, a garter belt and
sheer string bikini panties. "Good, you do like your told!" He
laughed. "Now take off your panties!"

     "In here!!" Rhonda was shocked.

     "Just do it!" Watkins commanded. Rhonda obeyed, lifting her
dress and putting her hands under it to her waist, she pushed her
panties down and stepped out of them. Her dress fell back down. 

     "Pick them up!" Rhonda bent over and retrieved her panties.
Watkins took them from her. He put his hands on her waist, lifted
her and sat her down on the sink. He sat down on the toilet. "I
want to taste you!" Rhonda was shocked. She enjoyed being eaten,
but by this hateful old man? 

     "Lift you dress!" She obeyed. Watkins turned to her, parted
her long shapely legs and stared at her naked cunt. It was
beautiful, covered with soft blonde hair, barely hiding the moist,
pink line of her young cunt slit, perfectly framed by the lacy
garter belt. 

     He took a deep breath of her cunt odor, savoring its smell. 
Then he extended his tongue and took his first taste of Rhonda
Stone's luscious cunt. The flat of his tongue swept between her
widespread cunt lips and brought an involuntary gasp from her
throat. Almost against her will, her hand moved behind her head and
she tilted herself down so she could watch directly. His mouth
glued itself to her pussy lips and he sucked hard, letting his
tongue curl deep into her moist cuntal passage and then twitch as
her interior muscles closed around it. He worked it around then
out, seeking the tip of her clit and teasing it, then nipping
lightly, expertly with his teeth.

     Watkins lapped like a crazed man at her clit. Rhonda moaned
and squirmed in revulsion on the sink. He moved to her open cunt
slit and took deep penetrating licks of her glistening cunt. He
tongue fucked her hard and deep. He continued to lick and suck,
driving the married woman wild with his thrusting tongue. He loved
the way her silken thighs clenched around his face knowing she
loved the way he sucked her cunt, even if she didn't. Her juices
flowed freely from her pulsing cunt into his mouth. 

     "Nooo,, please,,, don't,,, please,,, stop...." She sobbed. But
they both knew she didn't mean it. Even if she did, Watkins didn't
care. She was flailing her hips wildly as he continued to slaver at
her wet throbbing cuntal slit. The tormenting wet licking kept on
and she heard the lewd "slurp-slurp-slurp" of his tongue licking
against her most secret parts even above the wild pounding of her
heart.

     Rhonda could hardly believe that it was really her, sitting on
her bathroom sink with a near stranger, debasing herself, letting
him lick her pussy. It was something she never would have dreamed
possible. But then it started. Almost imperceptively at first. `OH
NO!! This can't be!!' She screamed to herself. She had begun to
feel them... little wisps of forbidden pleasure beginning to swirl
around inside the depths of her hot, throbbing pussy. She was
beginning to enjoy this lascivious licking by this man. She
couldn't believe the change that had come over her body. She tried
to suppress her pleasure, but she couldn't stop herself from crying
out in obvious passion when Watkins again took the rigid little bud
of her clit between his teeth and began to titillate it with his
tongue.

     "Oh God! Oh God! Oh God!" She gasped repeatedly, arching her
back off the sink, forcing her helplessly aroused pussy against the
tremendous, pleasure giving thrusts of Watkins' diligently working
tongue. Her whole shameless writhing body seemed on fire now. She
didn't care who was doing it to her. Rhonda just wanted to cum!

     Watkins pressed his face deeper into the steamy morass of the
impassioned young wife's cunt. He began to jab his tongue at the
wet contracting circle of her eager quivering cuntal orifice,
feeling the greedily sucking motions of her pussy walls trying to
pull it into the dark, heated depths of her tight young cunt.

     Suddenly, he stiffened his wet, slashing tongue and rammed it
as deep as it would go into the hot pulsating passage between her
wildly thrashing legs.

     "Aaaaggghhhh! Aaaaggghhh! Oh...! OHHHH!!!" She moaned. Rhonda
nearly went insane from the expert tongue fucking. Her excited
quivering cunt walls clung to his long darting tongue. Her naked
round hips and ass quivered and shook with the vibrations which
spasmed throughout her pelvis.

     "Oh yeah!!! YES!! YESSS!!! Do it to me! Lick my pussy!! Make
me cum! Just a little more and I'll make it! PLEASE!!!!!!" She
heard her words but couldn't believe she was saying them. She was
completely uninhibited and aroused now, every nerve ending tensed
and poised for the bittersweet agony of completion. Almost there,
she felt his tongue move deeper up her cunt one more time, licking
savaging away.

     "Ohhh! I'm cumming!!! I'M CUMMINGGG!!!!" She chanted
mindlessly as her passion deranged hips began to grind against
Watkins' half-hidden face in her convulsing cunt. Her cuntal walls
milked greedily on his thick thrusting tongue. her hands dropped to
entwine themselves in his gray hair in an effort to force his head
even further between her lewdly spread legs. Never before had
Rhonda experienced such a wildly exciting rapture. As he continued
to tongue-fuck her hot convulsing pussy, she found even more new
frenzies of pleasure.

     Finally, he was finished. Watkins' tongue stopped licked her
cunt and he slowly pulled his head back, staring at her hot swollen
cunt lips. As the tremors in her satiated body began to subside,
the pleasure he had just given her made Rhonda ashamed of herself.
Trying to catch her breath, she sat there, her dress up around her
waist, awaiting his orders. She closed her legs in embarrassment.

     Watkins got up. "Clean yourself up, then go downstairs and
mingle with your guests. Be back here in ten minutes." 

     "May I have my panties?" Rhonda asked meekly.

     "You don't need them." Watkins laughed. "Now get ready!"
Frustrated, Rhonda slipped off the sink, her dress falling down to
cover her pussy. She didn't say a word as she used a towel to clean
her legs of her pussy juices and his saliva. As she left he said
again, "ten minutes."

     Watkins used the time to wash his face. he smiled at himself
in the mirror, knowing he had brought the young married woman off,
even against her will. In ten minutes she was back.

     "Where's your bedroom?" He asked and followed her as she
showed him. They went inside. "Lay down on the bed!" When she
obeyed, he said, "lift your dress!" Again she obeyed, exposing her
naked cunt to his lecherous eyes. Now spread your legs! WIDE!"
Rhonda began to sob softly as she submitted to the older man. She
knew he was going to fuck her and she couldn't stop him. He gazed
down at her pulsating cunt, pantyless, framed by her lacy garter
belt and stockings. It was still wet, red and swollen from the
tongue fucking he has just given her minutes before. 

     "My turn!" He laughed, undoing his pants, exposing his rock
hard cock and getting down between her luscious silky legs. He laid
down on top of her, forgoing any preliminaries. "Put it in!" He
commanded.

     "Please don't!!" Rhonda started to cry.

     "Do as you're told!" He commanded.

     Protesting again to no avail, Rhonda reached down and grasped
his long thick cock guiding it to her moist cuntal opening. Watkins
felt the tickle of her pussy hair on his cockhead as he pushed
forward into the creamy folds of her luscious cunt. Watkins laughed
at her as his prick slowly penetrated Rhonda's cunt.

     "Gooooodddd! NO!!  NO!! PLEASE NOOOOO!!!!" Rhonda cried as she
felt the first harsh pressure of his fat cock against her once
virtuous cuntal opening. But she could not resist the older white
haired banker. Against her will, as she continued to cry no, her
legs spread even further apart to receive even more of Watkins's
thick cockmeat into her steamy hot pussy as he slowly pushed
further and further into her. Her cuntal canal expanded almost to
its limit as Watkins's thick cock pushed deeper into Rhonda.

     Watkins's chest crushed down on her breasts. He bit and licked
her neck. Rhonda sobbed softly begging the older man to stop. Ever
so slowly, he pushed his prick further inside of the subjugated
housewife's pussy. His hands were on her hips guiding the movement
of her cunt just the way he wanted it. She whimpered in bittersweet
agony as his huge cockhead fucked deeper into her, stretching the
tight little slit of her cunt until Rhonda felt as though her belly
would rip and her thighs tear apart from the relentless fucking
pressure of the old man's huge cock. 

     Rhonda felt the thick prick inch its way up her tight wet
pussy. He continued to ever so slowly fuck his thick cock up
Rhonda's cunt. "No! No!" She sobbed softly as Watkins pushed his
cock further up into her defenseless pussy. Her cunt was slick from
the tongue fucking he had given her minutes before and it readily
opened to receive his hard prick. In seconds Watkins had the entire
length of his prick up Rhonda's cunt, their pubic bones ground
together. Watkins held his cock totally within her cunt for several
seconds. 

     "Oh god this can't be, this can't be!" Rhonda sobbed as she
laid beneath the older man, moaning in revulsion yet sweet, sweet
agony, completely skewered by his thick rigid shaft so totally
inside the depths of her throbbing cunt. Watkins held his thick
impaling cock deep inside her warm clasping cunt for a moment,
flexing it only slightly before beginning a slow withdrawal. Her
tight pussy membrane clung tenaciously to his cockshaft as he
pulled out. When just his lust swollen cockhead was still enclosed
in her pussy, he thrust forward again.

     "AAAgggghhh...oh... oh god...oh God.. oh no, no,,,,
yes...YES...'She groaned as she felt her cunt again betray her and
the seeds of another orgasm begin to develop deep in her cunt. Once
more he plunged fully up her tight cuntal opening. He grinned to
himself as he found her openly spread cunt beginning to accustom
itself to his fat hard shaft which was so deeply embedded in it.
His fingers tightened on the soft white flesh of her hips, then he
began to establish a slow in and out fucking rhythm, driving his
lust inflated prick hard and deep into her gradually widening
vagina. He then pulled his cock out again with the same smooth
movement. As he slowly pistoned his cock in and out of her now
wanting cunt, Rhonda began to respond.

     Then the older man fucked the her hard and fast. Her
voluptuously quivering body, with a liberating tightening of her
cunt around his cock, was now moving in unison with Watkins's
smooth pussy fucking cockstrokes. Her legs reached up and locked
behind his back, and her arms pulled him down closer and closer on
top of her. He felt her rock hard nipples through her blouse and
bra crushing into his chest. Rhonda's wildly writhing cunt flowered
open to engulf every inch of his wonderful pistoning cock. 

     She was moaning and squirming in passion now, not crying but
screaming "Yes, Yes, fuck me harder, fuck me harder! Fuck me, FUCK
ME!!! I want it! I want it so much! KEEP FUCKING ME!! JUST A LITTLE
MORE AND I'LL CUM!!" 

     Watkins was working hard with long, smooth strokes that
brought his massive cock almost all the way out of Rhonda's wet
clasping cunt on the backstroke and the thrust forward into her
until he could feel and hear the heavy smacking slap of his cum
filled balls against her ass. Her hot body beneath him was twisting
and writhing in reckless abandon, low animalistic moans rummaging
from deep down her throat as she accepted her fate.  
     
     As he fucked her, Watkins called Rhonda obscene names. Bitch,
Cunt, Slut, Whore. She answered yes to them all. 

     "Oooohhhh..... mmmmmmnnnnn.... yesssss..." She mewed between
passion clenched teeth as she felt new waves of pleasure coursing
through her cock impaled cunt. 

     "Cum inside of me! Cum in my cunt. I want your hot cum in my
pussy."  Rhonda groaned, now barely able to speak from being fucked
totally into sweet submission. She was meeting his every thrust.
She was moving her cunt muscles, trying to milk the cum from his
hard fucking prick. She hands were on his ass, trying to push him
deeper and deeper inside of her cunt.

     "Don't stop! Don't stop! Please, please, let me cum. PLEASE
LET ME CUMM!!!" She screamed. Watkins wasn't about to stop. He was
almost there and was going to give her his load. 

     Rhonda was soaked in sweat from the long hard fucking he gave
her. Finally, after more than half an hour of non stop cunt
stretching fucking, he reached the moment he had been waiting for
and her grateful cum receiving cunt flowered open to take his hot
load. Watkins thrust in hard and deep one final time and suddenly
felt his own white-hot fiery cum shoot wildly out from the tip of
his exploding cock. It jetted far, far up into the hidden recesses
of Rhonda's ecstatically quivering belly. He began to shoot his cum
deep inside of Rhonda's cunt, filling her pussy with his sperm. 

     The feel on his seed spurting into her cunt was what Rhonda
needed to finally cum. She began to shake uncontrollably as a
devastating orgasm tore through her body. "YES!! YESS!!! YESSSS!!!"
She screamed as she thrashed about under the weight of the older
man above her, his cock still thrusting back and forth in her cock.
She rode his ejaculating prick, bucking furiously as the walls of
her thoroughly conquered cunt rippled in thrilling orgasm. 

     As Watkins's cum kept discharging into Rhonda's pussy, she
flexed her cunt muscles, trying to milk every drop from him. "Thank
you, thank you," she moaned, " give me all your cum!" She moved her
pelvis upward once more again to catch the full force of his
jerking, pumping cock as it continued to spew out the full load of
his hot seething sperm into her greedily drinking vagina. Her legs
wrapped tighter and tighter around his waist as her body shook
uncontrollably from the orgasm he had given her. Watkins's churning
balls seemed to erupt like a violent volcano and emitted a white-
hot stream of boiling cum which burned into every crease and
crevice of Rhonda's pussy and set new fire to her belly. She kissed
his neck and his chest. She digging her fingernails into his soft
ass cheeks trying to get him to keep fucking her, to give her more
cum. She was bathed in his sweat and her own. Heart pounding, her
eyes rolled back until only the whites were visible. Rhonda groaned
in heat and Watkins grunted as the copulating pair jerked their hot
bodies in mutual orgasm.

     Finally his cock had shot all of its cum into Rhonda's cunt.
He stayed on top of her as his cock slowly softened inside of
Rhonda's pussy. When he was finished he laid on top of her. Rhonda
slowly unwrapped her legs from his waist. She was exhausted from
the incredible fucking she had just received from the older man
above her. 

     Watkins rolled off the well fucked housewife. He moved his cum
coated cock up to her mouth and told her to lick it clean. She did.
He got off the bed and straightened his clothes. 

     As he was combing his hair he said. "You get cleaned up and
get downstairs. Your guests must be looking for you. I'm not done
with you yet. I'll tell you later where and when." He left the
bedroom, leaving the blonde housewife still laying on her bed,
dress up over her cunt, his cum oozing out of her pussy.

     Rhonda laid there for several minutes, reliving what just
happened. Slowly she admitted to herself that that was the best
fuck she ever had. She still felt ashamed, but she knew she loved
it. 

     She got up and cleaned herself up. Re-doing her make-up,
putting on an fresh pair of panties and straightening her clothes.

     Downstairs, the party was in full swing. Nobody seem to miss
her to her relief. She began making the rounds again, entertaining
and making small talk. Over an hour later, Watkins, came over to
her and chatted with her and her husband as if nothing had happened
between them. 

     When they were alone he asked, "where does your husband keep
that red corvette of his?"

     "In the garage, through the kitchen door. Why?"

     "Meet me there in ten minutes." He left her. Rhonda couldn't
understand why he asked that question, but in ten minutes, she was
in the garage. He was there, standing near the sports car with a
can of motor oil in his hand. He motioned her over. She obeyed.

     "Drop to your knees and take my cock out of my pants". Rhonda
looked at him, hoping this would end. When she saw he meant it, she
slithered down and unzipped his pants. She reached inside the
opening and found his cock. It was hard as a rock, again. She
carefully took his cock from his pants and stared at his massive
cockmeat. Involuntarily, she was stroking it. 

     "Get up and bend over the hood of the car." He commanded.
Rhonda stood up, turned and bent over. Her breasts crushed onto the
metal of her car. When she complied he said. "Lift your skirt up
around your waist."  

     Rhonda was confused. "Don't you want me to blow you?" She
asked, amazed at his order.     

     "Don't speak. Just do as you are told. NOW!"           
     
     Rhonda hiked her skirt up to her waist and held it there. She
was humiliated beyond words. To her amazement, she felt her cunt
juices dripping into her little panties. Watkins looked at her
firm, round ass. it was barely covered by her little white panties,
and that lacy white garter belt attached tightly to her black
stockings. He reached over and touched her ass cheeks. He squeezed
and pinched them. Then he put his hand inside and played with her
bare ass. His other hand was in the small of her back, holding her
down on the hood of her car.

     His finger moved to her asshole and he started to work it
inside of her. "Please, don't!" She squealed. Watkins stopped. She
was thankful. But then he pulled her panties down and told her to
step out of them. When she did, he picked them from the garage
floor, walked to the other side of the hood, and shoved her panties
into her mouth, gagging her. He got back behind her. His returned
to her asshole, again, pushing her down hard on the metal hood of
her car with one hand, and working his finger inside of her now
naked asshole with the other. Rhonda moaned in humiliation into her
panties.

     The deeper his finger went inside her asshole the hotter he
got. He spread her ass cheeks, took some of the motor oil, and
lubricated her ass pucker with it. Then he fucked her ass with his
long finger. She couldn't see what was happening but felt it and
knew what he was doing. Finally, Watkins moved his hard prick to
the opening of Rhonda's ass and pushed his thick cockhead inside
her asshole. Rhonda screamed into her panties in agony as her ass
was violated by this pillar of the community. She had never been
fucked there before. The motor oil provided little lubrication.
Slowly and methodically, deeper and deeper he fucked into her. He
held her hips and moved her the way he wanted. Finally, he cock was
fully inside her ass. He humped in and out of her ass, his heavy
gray haired balls slapping against her cunt, alternately moving his
hips and then hers. He fucked her ass relentlessly, not caring at
all about her, just satisfying his own animal need. He loved
humiliating this young beautiful housewife. Until he let her go,
she belonged to him.

     Rhonda was in pain. She was crying and frightened. She was
sure his prick would split her open. But she was also excited by
being used and degraded by this man. Her ass was on fire, but so
was her cunt. She found that she was sucking her cunt juices from
her panties as he continued to fuck her ass unmercifully. She was
humping back on his cock. He let go of her hips and let her push
back on his cock. He started to slap her ass cheeks as he fucked
her. He kept fucking her asshole and slapping her ass cheeks. Then
he just stood there while Rhonda pushed her ass back and forth,
stroking his cock with her ass canal. She squeezed his cock with
her ass muscles. Now she was moaning into her panties in passion,
not pain. He grabbed her hips again and pushed as far into her ass
as he could, then began to spurt gobs and gobs of hot sticky cum up
Rhonda's hot ass. Rhonda came to. His cum provided more lubrication
and he continued to slid his cock in and out of her as her ass
muscles squeezed every last drop of cum from his cock.

     Watkins left his cock in Rhonda's asshole until it got soft
and slid out. He let go of her. "Turn around and get back on your
knees before me Rhonda." He ordered. Rhonda was weak from the
incredible fucking her ass just took. Slowly she got up and turned.
Her dress fell down, covering her naked cunt. She got down on her
knees. He pulled her panties from her mouth. He moved his cock to
her lips and said,"lick it clean."

     Rhonda was in a sexual daze. She opened her mouth and put her
tongue on his cock. She licked it, tasting his cum and her shit.
Rhonda licked his cock, then sucked it into her mouth. She wanted
to taste it all. He pulled his cock out of her mouth. "Put my cock
away," he said.

     Rhonda put his prick back in his pants. "I'll call you when I
want you again." He said as he left the garage. Rhonda got a towel
and wiped his cum and the motor oil from her asshole. She slipped
into her panties and straightened her clothes. As she re-entered
the party. Watkins was leaving with his wife. Rhonda wondered what
else he had in store for her over the course of that god forsaken
loan.
