comfertr.txt
              "The Comforter" (sequel to "The Elevator")
                by: Harry Mudd and an Imaginary Friend

As you head down the hall, going to your friend's penthouse apartment,  you 
hope no one opens the door and comes out. It'd be real embarrassing to  see 
you like this. 

You  knock  on your friend's door, and you hear her say, as she  opens  the 
door,"  Forget something?" As she opens her door, her mouth drops, and  she 
stares  at you. She pulls you inside, asking, "What happened? Are  you  ok? 
Should  I  call a doctor? " You tell her you are ok, you just want  to  sit 
down.

She goes into the kitchen, and you hear her rummaging around. You start  to 
cry,  feeling just what it was that they did to you. Sure, you  enjoyed  it 
eventually,  but  it  was so humiliating, to be taken  like  that,  without 
permission, to be violated in that way. Not by 1 man, but by 3. 

Laura  comes back with coffee for you. As she hands it to you,  you  almost 
drop it, your hands are shaking so badly. She puts her hands around  yours, 
to  help you hold it, and her hands are warm on yours, and reassuring.  You 
calm  a bit. As you sit and sip the coffee, strong and black, she  asks  if 
you want to talk about it. So you decide to let it out, between sobs.  But, 
the  longer  you go on, the more you remember how it really  felt  on  your 
body. You calm visibly, and go on, the words just flowing out of you. 

You think it's strange that Laura is squirming so much on the couch next to 
you. She must be appalled at the treatment you received. But how could  she 
know  how it felt, to be taken that way? As you tell your story,  she  goes 
into the kitchen and comes back with a warm, wet towel. She mops your face, 
trying  to be careful of the bruise that is welling up on your  cheek  from 
the  slap  the man gave you. She gets a piece of ice and wraps it  up,  and 
holds  it  to your cheek. You are almost done with your  coffee,  and  your 
story, so you set the cup down. 

You  tell her you need someone close now, someone who cares. She  puts  her 
arms  around you, and holds you tight. You hug her for dear life.  It's  so 
good  to  know  someone DOES care. You start crying again.  When  you  have 
finally  let  it out, you take your head off of her shoulder. As  you  lift 
your head, she kisses your bruised cheek, telling you things will be ok. 

She then proceeds to tell you that 2 years ago, the same thing happened  to 
her.  Not 3 guys, but only 2, and that was 2 too many. You feel  a  kindred 
thread reach between the two of you. She DOES understand. She says she  had 
no  one  at the time, and she's glad to be here for you. She  suggests  you 
take a hot shower, to get the "dirt" from you. You agree. 

"Besides, you can't go anywhere in that messed up dress anyway." she says.

You go into the bathroom, disrobe and turn the water on. Stepping into  the 
hot shower, you close the door, and let the heat beat down on you. She  has 
a  shower massage on the shower head, and you set it to "pulse".  The  sore 
muscles  relax, and you let you mind wander. You find that you are not  mad 
at  the  men, just feel sorry for them, that they have such  problems  that 
they have to beat up and rape women. 

Your  eyes  jerk open as you hear the shower door open. Opening  the  door, 
Laura has come in to see if you need anything. You had already washed their 
come from inside you, and washed your hair. 

"No, I'm fine, thanks." (Why is she looking at you so hard?)

"How about your back? Can you reach that?"

"No,  I can't. My shoulder is too stiff. You could do that for me,  if  you 
like."

"OK," she says. "But I'll have to get in with you. I'll get all wet. I  was 
due  for a bath anyway. Shower's just as good. This place has a LOT of  hot 
water."

You  agree, and she closes the door. As you are washing your legs off,  you 
find yourself watching her through the translucent shower door. She removes 
her blouse, skirt, and underwear. Finally unsnapping her bra, she lets  her 
large breasts swing free. She drops her things on the floor, and starts  to 
get in. You turn your back, somehow embarrassed. Your beaten body looks  so 
bad next to her smooth, white skin. 

"Hey,"  she  says. "It's ok. It happened to me. I know how you  feel.  It's 
alright. You forget, I've had 2 years to recover. "

She  puts  her  hand  on  your shoulder, and you  relax.  She  soaps  up  a 
washcloth, and proceeds to wash your back. You must have sat in  something, 
because she sure washes over your ass a lot. But the soap and heat feel  so 
good. Your sore back relaxes. You know you'll have bruises, but they  won't 
be too bad.

She asks you to do her back. You agree, it's the least you can do for  her, 
after all the kindness she has shown you.

Turning  around,  you  grab the washcloth, and notice  your  breasts  brush 
against  hers. My, she has some large pointed nipples! Bigger by  far  than 
yours.  She turns around, and you soap her up, washing over her  back,  her 
shoulders.  You decide to play the game, and wash over her ass,  too.  It's 
very  soft,  and looks smooth. She leans forward and holds onto  the  towel 
bar, asking you to wash the inside too. For some reason, you think this  is 
funny,  and start to giggle, but you do it anyway. With one hand, you  pull 
her cheeks apart, and run the washcloth up the crack of her ass. It  didn't 
need it, but you did it anyway. 

As  you wash her ass, she sways back and forth, enjoying the heat and  your 
help.  She  asks if you would mind doing the backs of her legs,  since  she 
can't reach them. Still giggling, you kneel down in the bottom of the  tub, 
and wash the backs of her thighs. Feeling better now, and starting to  feel 
a  bit playful, you put a small bite on her ass. She jumps,  yelping  "What 
are you doing?" and starts to laugh. This sets you off, and soon the two of 
you are having a water fight. You rinse out the washcloth and smack her ass 
with  it, and she cups a handful of water and throws it in your  face.  You 
can't  see  anything, and she backs you up against the wall,  pressing  her 
body  to yours, her breasts mashing yours down. "Now what are you going  to 
do?" she asks.

Thinking quickly, you kiss her full on the mouth. She backs up immediately, 
and  you  grab her wrists and hold her back against the other wall  of  the 
shower. 

"Ok, you win. Let me go and I'll do anything you say."

"Not yet. First you have to bow down and pay honor to me."

Letting go of her wrists, you let her slide down the wall and kneel at your 
feet. You reach behind your back and turn the heat up. She looks up at  you 
with what she supposes are "puppy dog eyes", and pleads with you to forgive 
her. You step out of the way of the shower path, and let the hot water  hit 
her  full in the face and chest. She falls backwards, and slides  down  the 
tub,  between your legs. You immediately sit down, on her stomach,  holding 
her in place. She looks up at you, and asks what she did wrong. 

"Nothing. That's why I'm doing it." (What did you just say?)

You  find yourself starting to enjoy some of this power she has given  you. 
You order her to get out of the shower and wait for you. After you get  off 
of her, she amazingly does what you say. 

You rinse the rest of the soap film off of you and order her to get a towel 
to dry you with. She does this, and holds it open for you to step into.  As 
you  step out of the shower, she wraps the towel around you, and  tucks  it 
tight. Your nipples harden at the cold air outside of the shower, and  they 
poke through the material. She sees this and starts to giggle again. 

Playing  the role, you order her into the bedroom, where she can take  care 
of  you.  You aren't sure yet what you are thinking, but you like  it,  and 
start to find yourself attracted to your Laura in a way you have never felt 
about her before. 

Heading into the bedroom, you remove the towel, and sit on the edge of  her 
large round waterbed. The heat has been turned up on the bed, and it  feels 
quite nice. You ask her to dry your back. She says no.

"Get over here and dry me now!" you command her.

She  obeys,  and  you see what it is she wants to do. Ok, you  can  be  her 
master, if that's what she wants. You could at least give it a try.

She dries your back expertly, not missing a drop.

"What about your front, Mistress? She all I dry that as well?"

"Yes, love. And dry under my tits too."

She  does what you command, and you find yourself once again  enjoying  the 
power of the moment. With one hand, she holds up your breast, and runs  the 
towel under it. Her hands are so soft! And Warm! As she lets it back  down, 
her fingers run over your air-hardened nipples, making them tingle. 

She  towel  dries your hair, and begins to use her brush to give  it  long, 
smooth strokes, combing out the tangles and rat-tails. Her long blonde hair 
must be a real pain to do.

Finally, she sits down next to you, and asks, "What's next, Mistress?"

You tell her that you don't know. That you aren't sure. 

She  stands up in front of you, and backs away about 5 feet. She  puts  her 
hands on her hips, and stands naked in front of you. You find yourself just 
staring  at her body. She turns sideways, and you get a very good  view  of 
her  profile: high pointed breasts, long blonde hair, a very flat  stomach, 
and long, tan, shapely legs. She turns with her back to you, and you notice 
her ass looks even better than it did in the shower. Then she turns forward 
again, giving you a full frontal view of her platinum blonde pussy. Without 
the shower, you find yourself getting wet again.

"Are you sure you don't know what you want, Mistress?"

In  a husky voice, you tell her, "Come here. Come to me, and make  me  feel 
good about myself."

She  walks forward, and you find you face level with her breasts. She  puts 
her  hands  on the back of your head, and pulls your mouth  closer  to  her 
nipple. It is so close, you can feel your breath bouncing off her skin. She 
holds  you there, waiting for you. You decide you are going to  like  this, 
and  place your wet lips an on her tit. It tastes very nice, you think,  as 
you begin to suck on her breast. You reach a hand up and hold her tit up to 
your mouth, feeding it into your lips. 

You  start to use your tongue around her nipple, gently sucking  with  your 
mouth,  and she starts to sway again. She takes your free hand, and  places 
it  it around behind her, placing your hand on her ass. It IS  smooth!  You 
give it a squeeze, enjoying the firm, soft flesh.

You stand up and turn her around. You lay her back down on the bed, pushing 
her  up so that her whole body is on it. Her tits jiggle as  she  "bounces" 
around  on the water. You lay down next to her, and move her  hand  between 
your  legs. You put one leg up to give her better access, and she slides  a 
finger  along  your slit. She pulls it out and places it  into  her  mouth, 
getting  a  taste of your juices. She returns her hand to  your  cunt,  and 
kisses you, pushing her tongue in your mouth. You move your hand across her 
breasts, and down across her stomach, into her waiting bush. Her hair is so 
soft.  Is there nothing hard about this girl, aside from her  nipples?  She 
spreads her legs wide, and you delve a finger into her wetness. It seems to 
grab  your finger and pull it in. As you pump your hand in and out of  her, 
she uses her thumb on your clit, stimulating it to it's full 1 inch length.
She  is surprised at how big your clit is, and begs her "Mistress"  to  let 
her see and taste it. 

You  agree, and she moves her head down between your legs,  spreading  your 
dark  covered lips apart with her fingers. She snakes her tongue  out,  and 
you  jump  as she touches your clit. Her touch makes you  tingle,  and  the 
shock of contact makes your legs close around her head.


