COMING HOME

  Bill would be gone for another three days on his annual business
meeting.  It was nice, for a change, coming home to an empty house
and not having the responsibilites that come with having a husband.
Up until today, that is.............!!!!!
             
  It was dusk, and I had just got home from work when I heard a
noise in the rear of the house.  I went back and just as I entered
the bedroom, I was jumped by two men.

  I struggled to no avail and in a matter of seconds, they had
forced me over to my bed and were holding me face down.  I pleaded
for them to let me go, but my pleas fell on deaf ears.

  "Tie her up and gag her while I look around," one of them said.

  One of them left the room, and the other still holding me, had
wrenched my arms behind my back and began to wrap some rope around
my wrists.  Once he had tied them off, he rolled me over and looked
down at me.  He then stuffed my mouth with a rag and then put a
wide piece of tape across my mouth to hold it in place. 
"MMMMMPPPHHHHHHH," I pleaded.

  His face was covered with a ski mask and as his stare met mine,
I tried to shove my knee into his groin.  He felt my movement and
avoided my knee and just laughed and said, "spunky, I'll fix you so
you wont do that again!"

  He moved his grasp down to my legs and began to tie one of my
ankles with a piece of rope.  This done, he pulled the loose end of
the rope and tied it off at the foot of the bed.  He then tied my
other ankle and pulled it over and tied it off at the other corner
of the bed.

  I was helpless, and vulnerable!  My skirt had ridden up my spread
thighs, and it was revealing the crotch of my pantihose.  My captor
was looking down at me and had let his hand start to rub the
insides of my thighs.  The other intruder came back to the bedroom
and spoke, "well, looks as if you got her secured." 

He started to rummage through my dresser drawers, pocketing some
petty cash, jewelry, and whatever looked valuable.  From my under
wear drawer he held up a panty and bra set made of ultra sheer
nylon.  "My oh my, look at this sexy stuff!" he chuckled to his 
partner.  "WHOA!  LOOKEE HERE!" as he held up a black bra with
nipple holes cut out and a pair of crotchless matching panties!

"OH GOD!" I thought as they smiled at me.  I turned my scarlet
face away from them.  "See what she is wearing now," the
searcher said with a leer.

"MMMMMMNNNPHHHH!!!!" I tried to plead my protests as I
violently shook my head!  "She said it was OK with her," the man
on the bed chuckled as he started to unzip my skirt, then with a
knife, slashed and removed the garment!  "God I hate these things," 
the man said as he started to cut and rip away my pantihose!

I struggled and tried to scream through the gag.  But in seconds the
pantihose was now just a memory.  The hem of my blouse barely
covered the top half of my white cotton hip hugger panties.  With
deft fingers he started to unbutton my blouse!  "Let's see what we
got here, OK?  You don't mind do you?" he chided.

"NNNNNNNNMMMPPPHH!!!"  I tried to protest again as one
by one he slowly opened the buttons, smiling down at me the whole
time.  He opened the blouse wide, exposing my bra encased breasts,
my relatively flat stomach, and all the rest of me to his gaze!  He 
started to run his fingers over my tummy them made his hand into
a claw and squeezed hard!  Up and down my tummy from under my
breasts to the top of my panties he squeezed and probed causing me
to mew through my gag and jump and squirm on the bed!  

"Seems to be a bit ticklish," he told his partner as he continued to
squeeze and probe my tummy.  He would stop and lift his hand so
I could see it, then plunge it down like an eagle's claw on my
unprotected stomach!  Over and over he did that taking gleeful
delight in my squirmings!

The other man was still searching my dresser and exclaimed:
"WELL GLORY BE!  LOOK AT ALL THIS STUFF!" and he held up my 
dildo and vibrator!  He had found my sex drawer!  The dildoes, 
lotions, homemade videos, wrist and ankle cuffs, French ticklers, 
tiny brushes and feathers, leather whips........THE WORKS!!!

  "Looks like we got a real hot one here!"  He chimed.

The man on the bed was running his index finger over the top half
of my breasts, running along the bra.  He made a hook of his finger
and pulled the demi-bra down, exposing a nipple. "Peek-a-Boo!" he
laughed and pulled down the other cup.  With fingers and thumbs of
both hands he started to roll my nipples gently back and forth!

"MMMMMMMMNNNN"  I moaned as he started to pull and tweak
at them.  I started breathing heavy through my nose as the nipples
hardened with tumescence!  The other man came over and sat 
between my wide stretched legs with the vibrator in his hand!  It
hummed softly as he ran it up and down the inside of my thighs,
getting closer and closer to the crotch of my panties! 

 The man playing
with my tits, took his knife and slid it under the shoulder straps and 
with a flick of his wrist, severed them!  He then teasingly played 
with the front clasp as my wide eyes watched him!  I shook my head 
back and forth and looked at him pleadingly not to take off the bra!
He pulled it open then yanked it completely off!  The vibrator was now 
running up and down my pussy lips over the thin panties!

I wiggled and squirmed as big hands started to knead and massage my
now naked breasts.  He concentrated on the nipples, rolling and pulling
on them.  He wet his fingers with his tongue then rolled them over my
erect buds. He re-wet them till my nipples were glistening and throbbing! 

The other man slid his own knife under my panties and cut them off!

"Awe look.  She shaves her cunt" he cooed, and started to play with
my bald pussy lips.  He pinched, pulled open,and explored my sex like 
he never saw one before!  He seemed to take particular delight in
pinching my clit and watching my ass jump off the bed!

I was totally naked and positively helpless!

"Give me a hand here, buddy," the man with the vibrator said.  "Hold her
lips open for me."    "Sure!  Be glad to!" as the man left my tits and to
my horror pulled open the lips of my pussy!  He was gentle but  spread 
them very wide, and I now felt the vibrator teasing the most sensitive
part of my body!    He slid it in my wet love hole then up the slit to my
throbbing clit!  He made little circles around it then right on the tiny 
shaft and head!  

"MMMMNNNNHHFHHH!"  I tried to stop them by squirming away, 
but there was no way.    The man let go of my lips and they wrapped
themselves around the probing vibrator almost hugging it.  He returned
to my breasts which were heaving.  He took hold of my nipples again
and started to shake them......chuckling and causing his partner to 
look up and smile.  Although I tried to will away the sensations, my
battle was lost as the merciless teasings brought me over the edge
and my body shook with orgasm.  My muscles rippled and quivered
as the climax spread through me.

"HEY!  SHE'S CUMMING!" one man screamed as they laughed and
watched me shake with pleasure.

"Now it is our turn.  We are going to untie you and if you are a good
girl you wont be hurt.  UNDERSTAND?"  the larger man said, and
for emphasis wound his fingers in my hair and pulled hard while he
jerked my head up and down, forcing me to nod "YES".

They untied me and made me kneel on all fours on the bed.  They
took off their clothes and one knelt in front of me and one stood on
the floor with his hands on my hips while he guided his erection to
my pussy from behind!   The man in front, pulled off the tape and
pulled out the rag in my mouth.  I inhaled deeply. 

He laced his fingers in my hair and pushed his hard dick 
to my mouth.  "SUCK!" he emphatically said.

My mouth opened  and I wrapped my lips around the swollen shaft.
At the same time I felt the man behind slide his cock up my wet
pussy hole!  I hummed out a grunt of pleasure as the wide head
slid and scraped along my insides.  He leaned over and reached 
under to grab onto my hanging breasts.  The strong fingers began
to gently knead and milk my mounds.  He nipped and rolled my
nipples while he contintued to plow into me.  I sucked hard at the
other man.  Although it was humiliating to be forcefully fucked
and having to suck, the men wear not hurting me.  In fact it was
almost like a wild fantasy coming true!

I could feel my orgasm approaching and boiling inside me as the
man  continued teasing my rock hard hanging nipples and sliding
his dick in and out!  He was grunting with each thrust and his cock
swelled delightfully as he neared his climax.  With a shudder and
audible moan my   body surrendered to the throes of orgasm!
I rocked back and forth and could feel his load erupt and throb
in my hot  hole!  At the same time gobs of semen exploded in
my mouth and I swallowed  gulf after  gulp as my body still
racked with climax!

The men finally withdrew from me and I collapsed on my side
in a fetal position, breathing heavily and savoring the bliss.

"We have to go now, but need to tie you down first.  Don't
want you calling the police or anything," the man behind said.
They attached the wrist and ankle cuffs despite my promise
not to call anyone!  They then took the four big pillows from
the bed and made me lie face down over them, elevating
my middle with my ass high in the air!  They secured me
that way, tieing my arms and legs wide to the four corners
of the bed!  I begged them not to leave me this way!  I
was terrified!!!   A piece of duct tape over my mouth
silenced me.

"We're going to take your home-made video with us and we
will call your next door neighbor, Jan, in about two hours,"
one of them said.  My eyes went wide!  "Oh, yes, we know
all about you and your habits......have been watching your
house for months," he added.  He picked up my address book.
"You call the police, everyone in this book will recieve a copy 
of this tape!" he yelled, then slapped me on the ass!

I squirmed and nodded agreement to the "arrangement"!  What
the hell else could I do!

"You know buddy, I never notice what a fine ass she had untill
now," one of them said.  "We got a few more minutes.  Want to
play with it for a little while?" he smiled.

"NNNNNNNNNNMMMPPPHH!"  I screamed into the tape!
But  their hands had already started to massage and knead my
exposed cheeks!  They started to slap it with up strokes making
the flesh jiggle.  Their hands pounded my ass up and down, the 
slaps echoeing throughout the room.  They were having a contest
to see who could leave the best hand print!!  I could feel them
pinching at the red welts that had formed and laughing and 
telling me how red my ass was.

Then to my horror I felt the two hands reach into my ass crack and 
pull open my cheeks!  They exposed the tight little pucker of my asshole 
and as the one man held the cheeks wide open, the other started to 
finger it!  I tried to twist my hips to avoid the humiliating  contact, 
but the fingers kept poking at my contracting  butt hole!

"Why don't you use that French tickler," the man holding my cheeks
open asked.  "Good idea!," the other replied as he went to get it.
The Tickler was a a long thin flexible probe covered with tiny rubber
hairs all along its shaft.  It was a maddening torturous feeling as
the hairs tickled any of the sensitive body cavities.

I screamed again into the gag and was shaking my head "NO!" as
the man came back and placed the Tickler at the entrance of my
anus!  The other man pulled my cheeks even further apart and
laughed as the Tickler pushed its way in and up my asshole!

I squirmed  violently as it went all the way in and the hairs started
to mercilessly tease my rectal chute!  He pushed it in and out and
twisted and rotated it driving me almost to madness!  With one
hand pushing and pulling the Tickler, he reached under with the 
other and started to tease apart the rubbery lips of my pussy!!!

"You like this, dearie?   We like watching your big ass shake and
wiggle!" one man whispered in my ear.

He found my still sensitive clit and started to rub it!  I could not
hold still and desperately pulled at my bonds as he continued his
torturous assault.  I felt my juices boiling!  My nipples were rubbing
against the bed sheet and my body was going into involuntary
convulsions.  I felt the climax explode and gasped an inhale
through my nose as ripple after ripple of pleasure raced through
every nerve ending in my body!  But the assault continued!!!

I started bouncing my head violently on the bed and was almost
horse from trying to scream as the Tickler and the pinching fingers
on my clit teased me to the point of insanity!!!!!!!

They both stopped.  My cheeks closed around the motionless
Tickler.  I could hear them getting dressed.  I lay perfectly
still.....breathing hard!

"Thanks for having us over!" one of them said, "But we really
must be going now." They both laughed and walked out  of my
room, carrying their loot in a canvas bag.
  
They left me tied with the Tickler sticking out of my ass!

I turned my head and looked at the clock and started counting
the minutes before they would call Jan and she would come over
and release me.  "MY GOD!"  WHAT IF THEY DON'T CALL!"
The thought terrified me.  I closed my eyes and waited.
Hoping.
