     SEXUALLY EXPLICATE MATERIAL: NON-CONSENSUAL/RAPE/BONDAGE

          ********************************************
            Copyright 1992   All rights reserved
          ********************************************
This is the story of how a young, pretty white woman who works the
graveyard shift in a computer room gets raped and abused by a
large, powerfully built black man.
               *******************************
                          Part One

     He didn't even see her at first. She was behind a counter and
invisible. Then she came out from behind it and drew his eyes. She
was short, maybe only five feet. Her face was narrow but very
pretty, pixiesh, cute like he liked them.
     She was petite but it looked like she was pretty well built,
even if it was all downsized. Her breasts were probably not that
big but looked pretty good on her narrow chest. She had big green
eyes, or maybe it was just those round glasses she wore that made
them look big. Her hair was a soft, glistening brown, straight and
collar length. She looked very intelligent and walked with a
straight back.
     He watched her bring the magazine up to the counter. She was
wearing a long blue and green dress with a glowing hem. Below that
she had black, high heeled boots, expensive ones, he thought. Her
voice was soft, and a little high pitched as she paid for the
magazine. 
     He stared at the cover over her shoulders as he moved in
behind her. The magazine was all about computers, Byte, it was
called. You can bite me any time, baby, he thought. She turned
slightly as she was waiting for her change. Her eyes passed right
over him.
     Snotty bitch, he thought, pretending I ain't even here. Just
some nigger, not worth noticing.
     She walked out into the mall and he paid for his cola and
followed. He trailed her down the mall, pausing when she went into
women's stores, then following again when she came out. She went
out into the parking lot and he followed, sliding further behind.
Women tended to get paranoid in parking lots. It was the one place
white women always noticed niggers hanging around.
     She stopped and got into a tiny blue sports car. He strolled
past, getting the licence number and memorizing it. He hurried
across the lot to his own car and sped towards the exit she would
have used but couldn't pick her up again.
     He went home and called a friend of his at the DMV. Roy would
give anyone a make on a car for twenty bucks. He was cooperative as
always.
     The car was registered to a Dale McMann, age twenty four, who
lived on Pinehurst. Bad news though, she lived in an apartment
building. He drove over there and didn't like what he saw. The
building was fifteen stories tall with three branches, shaped like
a Y in other words. There was a parking lot out front.
     He got into the building easy enough, following a resident.
There was a floor plan right on the wall between the elevators.
Hers was apartment six fourteen, and that meant she faced the front
parking lot. That was more bad news.
     He went down to the basement and checked the parking lot. He
wandered around for several minutes and finally found the car.
Okay, now he thought he knew where he'd hit her. Certainly he
couldn't grab her upstairs. A scream in a building like this would
be heard by the neighbours. It the window was open the shape of the
building would act like a megaphone. Everyone would hear her for
blocks around.
     He arrived the next morning, waiting outside to see what time
she left for work. He almost missed her because she was pulling in
to the parking lot, not pulling out. He spotted her just before she
drove into the garage.
     Maybe the cunt works midnights, he thought, excited at the
idea. If so maybe he could hit her at work. Who worked midnights,
he wondered. She could be a nurse, or maybe a doctor. He'd love to
screw a doctor, rich fucking bastards.
     He waited for an hour, just to be sure she hadn't left for
work early and then forgotten something and come home again for it.
She didn't show up. He drove home then called her number. It rang
a number of times before she answered it. Her voice was sleepy.
Hot damn, he thought.
     "Hello?" she moaned.
     "I'm gonna fuck you baby," he said, then hung up.
     He laughed out loud. She'd take it for an obscene caller and
not give it another thought. He'd remind her that he had warned her
though, when he had her alone.
     He drove back to her place and parked opposite the garage
entrance around nine thirty. Better early than late, he thought.
She drove out a little after eleven. He followed. 
     The drive wasn't long and ended at a mid sized building in the
city's business park. Hovertech, it said on a big sign. This wasn't
good, now that he thought of it. The place had to have an alarm
system, probably a real good one, and maybe even security guards.
     He went home. No way was he going to go skulking around the
place at night. He looked up their number in the phone book and
called. It rang a dozen times without an answer. That was good
news. Usually if there was a security guard he'd answer the phone.
     He called a couple more times but there was still no answer.
He smiled and slept a few hours, then drove back to the building
and waited for Dale to leave. She pulled out and drove home,
stopping along the way to pick up some things at a grocery store.
     He got on his best suit and drove back to Hovertech, carrying
an expensive briefcase. He handed the receptionist a card which
identified him as a salesman for a security company. His smile was
warm, for he was happy at finding a receptionist instead of a
guard. 
     In due course he was shown in to see the building manager, who
didn't even wait for his sales pitch. He told him that Hovertech
had an excellent alarm system already. He tried to tell the guy
that alarm systems were all well and good but security guards were
much better. The guy wasn't having any of it.
     "Security guards are a waste of money," the guy said.
     So now he knew there weren't any security guards. The short
walk from the front door to the manager's office revealed no
indications of electric eye beams, and no motion detectors. The
floor was stone with no rugs to hide sensor pads. The stupid
bastard probably only had those silly little magnetic alarms on the
doors and windows.
     On his way out he detoured and went out a fire escape. Yep,
only the magnetic contact switches. He looked around quickly, then
reached up with his knife and cut the wires leading to the contact
on the door. He let it shut and went home.

     Dale could hardly stop yawning as she drove to work. It wasn't
the midnight shift that was making her tired. She'd gotten used to
it in the past few months. No, it was some stupid bastard who had
called her on the phone several times during the day, waking her up
each time with a chilling promise to rape her.
     She'd taken the phone off the hook after the third call,
despite knowing she was on call for any computer trouble and could
get into trouble if they couldn't reach her.
     Straight out of University she'd been hired here. There was
great promotion potential with Hovertech. They paid well and had
great fringe benefits. Unfortunately their policy called for all
new people to start out on the midnight shift babysitting the
computers and fixing bugs.
     Her social life had been shot to hell, but the job was worth
it. Anyway, in another few months it would be some other new guy,
or girl's problem. She'd be shifted to evenings then, and have
company on her shift. And in another six months she'd be on days.
She could forego a social life for that long.
     She'd talked to Jenny Murphy, who'd been hired just two years
ago. Already she was out of the computer room and had her own
office as a programmer. There were places where she could have
started right off the bat as a programmer but none had the
potential of Hovertech, which was one of the best companies to work
for in the country.
     She greeted Jack and Paul as she walked into the vast computer
room. They chatted a bit, then the guys left her alone and went
home. She yawned again and sat down in the main operators chair,
scanning the screens lined up before her. Everything was just fine.
     She nodded off. 
     Something woke her. She wasn't sure what at first. She
panicked, thinking it had been a call for something on the computer
but a fast scan showed everything was all right. Then her eyes slid
up above the screens and she saw the black man smiling at her.
     She screamed and jumped to her feet, sending the chair rolling
back into a tape drive. He just smiled at her as she stared up at
him in shock.
     "Wh... who are you? How did you get in here?" she demanded
fearfully.
     He didn't answer.
     "If you don't leave I'll call security," she stuttered.
     "Ain't no security in this building, honey," he smiled.
"There's just you... and me."
     She gave a gasp of terror, her hands going to her mouth as she
recognized his voice.
     "I believe we spoke earlier on the telephone," he said
suavely.
     He turned and ran for the door, her heart pounding. She
grabbed at the knob and jerked hard but it wouldn't open. She saw
now that a chain had been wound tightly around the two doorknobs
that led out into the hall. It was locked in place by a padlock.
     She turned and saw him smiling as he approached. She screamed
again and raced past him towards the exit on the other side of the
room. She dodged in and out of the computers until she came to it.
It was locked tightly, just like the other doors.
     She stifled a sob of fear, her mind racing as she tried to
think of another way out.
     The phone. She'd call 911. She ran to the nearest one, set on
a wall and tore the receiver off the cradle, her finger stabbing
the buttons. There was no response. She looked down below the phone
and saw the wire had been cut.
     She dropped the phone and backed away, then turned around. He
was walking towards her slowly, and was no completely nude. He was
an enormous black man, muscles rippling all along his powerful body
as he padded across the tiled floor towards her. His penis was
erect and pointing at her like a spear. 
     She screamed again as she saw him, and screamed even louder
when she saw the size of his cock. She turned and raced off towards
the other side of the room. He padded after. 
     She grabbed at phones but all had been cut. She tried to hide,
scurrying behind the big machines.
     "Come out, come out, wherever you are," he called.
     She whimpered, her pulse roaring in her ears. She snuck
between two machines as he came past. But he'd seen her. He reached
back with a gigantic hand and grabbed her arm, yanking her out from
behind them.
     She screamed and screamed, trying to claw him with her
fingernails, but she didn't have any nails really, having been worn
down by all her typing.
     He simply held her there, not moving. Watching her scream, and
smiling. Gradually her screams diminished into short sobs, and then
those too eased as she stared in fright at the big naked man
grinning down at her.
     "Fell better now?" he asked.
     "What... what are you going to do with me?" she sniffled.
     "I'm going to fuck you a lot, then I'm going to go home. How
does that sound to you?"
     "Please don't. Please don't touch me," she moaned.
     "Why not? You look like you could use a good fuck."
     "No... No I... I... "
     He shoved her backwards. She stumbled a few steps before
catching herself.
     "Take off your clothes, baby," he ordered, folding his thick
arms across his massive chest.
     "No. Please don't... "
"You got a choice, baby. You can take off those close, get fucked,
then be left alone, or I can rip them off fuck you and leave you
tied up naked for your friends to find in the morning, maybe with
your legs up around your ears and your pussy stuffed with a dildo."
     She turned red at the very thought, her eyes getting even
bigger than they were before.
     "Strip, girl, or I'll do it for you, an' I won't be gentle."
He glared ferociously and she gave a little cry of fright, her
hands going to her white jacket.
     He had never had to so much as slap any of the women he raped.
He found his hard look and powerful body more than enough to
frighten them into submission.
     Dale, her hands trembling, slipped off the white lab coat all
the computer room workers had to wear, then hesitantly, let it drop
to the floor. She stood there in her flower print dress, staring at
him.
     "You got five seconds," he hissed menacingly.
     She whimpered and reached back, unsnapping the neck, then
slowly pulled it forward across her shoulders and let it slide down
to just above her breasts. Then, closing her eyes in shame, she let
it slide further, revealing her small, bare,  pink nippled breasts,
then her smooth, slim belly, and finally her rounded hips and her
pink satin, string bikini panties.
     She stepped out of the dress and stood there in just her
little white boots and pink panties. She tried to fold her arms
over her breasts but he growled in an ugly way.
     "Don't forget the rest," he snarled.
     Sobbing, she slipped her boots off, then, after a mute appeal
to him, had to slip her panties down and off. 
     She stood there, shaking, again folding her arms together,
trying to cover her little pussy with one hand. 
     "Put your hands behind your head, slut," he barked.
     She gasped, then slowly brought her hands up and put them
behind her head. She looked down at the floor, humiliated and
unable to look him in the face.
     "Straighten up, whore, and raise your head. Look at me!" he
snapped.
     She obeyed reluctantly and forced her back straight. her small
but perfectly rounded breasts stuck out firmly as she looked him.
He looked down at her and grinned smugly.
     "Nice. Little but nice," he commented. "Nice little titties.
I bet you like havin' them sucked." 
He slid his hands over her round breasts, caressing the skin with
a light stroke. He fingered her hard pink nipples, rolling them
between his fingers as she stood there in horrible humilation.
     One of his hands slid down her belly and in between her
thighs. He slid it up and down her inner thigh, then fingered her
pussy.
     "Spread your legs, whore, and pull your head back. That's a
good little girl," he purred.
     He stroked her cunt, rubbing his hand up and down, then bent
and began to lick at her hard nipples, sucking on the right, then
the left, then the right again as he stroked a single finger up and
down her cunt slit. He pressed the side of his finger into her cunt
cleft, forcing her pussy lips aside, and sawed it up and down her
pink flesh.
     His hands came up to her glasses suddenly and he lifted them
off her nose. She blinked her eyes, hardly able to see more than a
big black, unfocused shadow in front of her.
     "Okay, white bitch, now turn around and lets see your pretty
little ass."
     She shuffled around, beet red, mortified and frightened out of
her wits as the big black man loomed over her. She gasped as she
felt his hand cupping her buttocks. His hand totally covered her
round ass flesh.
     "Bend over, whore, and spread your legs."
     She grimaced but obeyed, too frightened not to, and knowing he
could force her to do anything he wanted. She bent over, keeping
her hands behind her head. Her legs shifted apart inch by inch.
Then she almost fell as his big hand slipped between her white
thighs and he palmed her pussy mound, squeezing and rubbing the
soft, pulpy flesh.
     "Bet you're tight," he mused. He straightened one big finger
and rubbed it up and down her tightly clenched little slit, then
wiggled it inside. Dale gasped and grit her teeth as she felt his
big finger pushing up inside her.
     "Yeah. Nice and tight, all right," he sighed, feeling her cunt
tunnel clutching his finger tightly.
     He cupped and fondled her pussy, then rubbed his big paws over
her ass meat for long seconds.
     "Reach over and grab the corners of that computer, slut, then
lean over and spread your legs. You seen it done on cops shows all
the time."
     She grabbed the corners of the tall computer and spread her
legs, leaning over in the classic police frisk pose, her body
trembling in shock and terror and mortification. His hands stroked
her cunt and ass, sliding up and down her inner thighs and then up
her back.
     "Don't move, whore. I'll be right back."
     He moved away, padding across the tiled floor naked on his big
black feet. Dale stayed in place, fighting back further useless
tears and trying to use the brains she had always prided herself on
to get her out of the terrible fix she was in. 
     The familiar sounds of the computer room filled the air, and
made her awful plight seem almost unbelievable. Never would she
have dreamed anything like this could happen here. Her feet were
cold on the tiles and her skin was rapidly becoming covered in
goose bumps as the cool air swept over her. She knew a sudden fear,
that he would see her hard nipples and think she was enjoying his
evil assault.
     He came back, and she saw he was carrying a satchel. He set it
down on the operator's desk, then opened it and pulled out two
cords, one long, the other short. He came over to her and stopped
right behind her.
     "Okay, white girl, stand straight and put your arms behind
your back.
     "Please," she said. "I... I've got money. I can get you more
money if you... "
     "Did I ask for money, slut?" he demanded. "I ain't no thief!
Now do what you're told."
     She stood straight and put her arms behind her.
     "Cross your wrists, slut, "he ordered. 
     She did so and felt the cord sliding around her right wrist
and then felt a loop pulled tight around it. He began to carefully
criss-cross her wrists with the cord, humming as he worked.
     "Some people prefer handcuffs," he said casually. "Me, I think
rope, thin rope is best looking, more attractive. And I like the
wrists crossed. With handcuffs, you see, the wrists are side by
side. Some guys like em' like that. I like em' crossed.
     He wound it around her wrists several times, then tied it
snugly tight.Her wrists were tightly bound, but not too tight that
they hurt. He pulled her around and forced her to her knees in
front of him.
     "Now I want you to open that pretty little mouth wide, and
suck on this big black nigger cock here," he leered. "And remember,
it's goin' down your tight little fuck hole in a couple of minutes,
so you want it nice and slippery, so it don't hurt you. Right?"
     She stared up at his big cock in appalled silence, her mouth
opening and closing several times. She could only bring the first
few inches into focus, the rest of his cock disappearing into the
fog that was the world around her. She squinted her eyes, trying to
see it all. The thing was hugely thick.
     "Get to work, bitch, or I'll shove it up your cunt dry. You'll
be screamin' then all right."
     She stared up at his thick hard cock, panting for breath as
the adrenalin raced through her veins. 
     "Suck it, baby, or I'll bend you over and stuff it up your
cunt dry."
     She had to pull her head back and raise herself up to her
fullest height to reach his cock. Even then she was too short on
her knees and he had to push his cock downward and spread his legs
apart to lower himself.
     She slid her lips over his black cockhead and whined in misery
as she tasted its salty tang. Still, she gulped in more, sliding
her lips up the shaft, whipping her tongue up and down and all
around the head. She slid her lips up further, not looking up at
the smug black face as the man stood there, his arms still folded
arrogantly across his chest.
     Her hands pulled impotently at the cord binding them, and she
moved her lips up higher still, trying to bring saliva to a fear
dried mouth. Her tongue worked over the thick veins and ridges of
his black cock as he began to slowly hump against her.
     Again, the unreality of the situation struck her. She was here
at work, in the big, high tech computer room, naked, on her knees,
hands tied behind her back as she sucked a giant black cock. How
could this be? she demanded of herself.
     He pulled his big cock from her lips and rubbed it up and down
her face, wiping his cockhead across her nose and cheeks and eyes
and forehead, then drying it against her chin.
     "Better wet it down again, little white girl," he sniggered.
     He pushed it into her mouth again and once again she began to
lick and suck on the thick black organ. It was all she could do to
pull her mouth wide enough to get the massive thing inside, and she
couldn't get more than a third of the length into her mouth.
     She pulled her mouth off the end and began licking up and down
the shaft, knowing he would rape her with the fat cock and wanting
to ease her own pain when he pushed it into her. She had had very
few lovers and none with a cock as fat or as long as this one.
     He sat back on her chair then, spreading his legs. He held her
by the hair, pulling her down as he eased into the chair, and
forcing her to quickly shuffle forward on her knees. He sighed as
he sat back and let go of her hair.
     She bobbed her lips up and down on his cock, taking in as much
as she could without gagging. He rested his hand on her head but
didn't try to force her down further, content, it seemed, for her
to bob up and down on the front third.
     He leaned forward and began to slide his hand over her head,
stroking it like she was a puppy. His hand slid up and down her
back, then slid down onto her ass cheeks, squeezing and kneading
the soft flesh as she sucked him.
     "Nice little ass," he grunted. "Wouldn't you like it if I
called a few of my friends over, white girl. You really need a hard
one up the pussy right now, when you're all bend over suckin' me
like this."
     She trembled but made no answer as she continued to suck him.
He slid his hand under her buttocks, stroking her crotch. He forced
a finger into her snatch, pumping it in and out with intimate
familiarity.
     "Okay, white girl, that's enough," he sighed. "Turn around and
bend over, and spread those skinny legs of yours. I'm gonna shove
this nigger cock so far up your pussy it comes out your mouth."
     His words seared her but she obeyed, starting to whimper again
as she pressed her shoulders down against the cold tiles and spread
her legs.
     "Raise that round little ass higher," he instructed, fondling
her ass cheeks and pussy.
     She felt his cock, hard and hot and round and immensely thick,
probe the entrance to her fuck tunnel. She groaned as he pressed it
against her snatch and began to bring pressure against her tightly
closed cunt doors.
     She clenched her teeth and groaned in pain as her pussy lips
were slowly forced in and back before the awesome force of his
mighty fuck-pole. Air puffed out between her clenched teeth as she
hissed in sharp biting pain. His fat cock forced her cunt wider
than it had ever been before as it slowly pushed forward into her
body.
     "Oohhhhh GOdddddddddd," she groaned. "Uuuunnngghh!"
     "Yeah. You like that, don't you, bitch?" he sneered.
     He gripped her hips in his massive hands, able to almost get
them linked around her narrow waist. He pumped against her, his
cockknob battering its way up her tight fuck sheath as he revelled
in the feel of her soft skin.
     His cock pushed deeper and deeper and she moaned even more
loudly as it pushed higher into her belly than any cock ever had.
     "Oh God help me," she sobbed.
     "God built you to be fucked," he sneered. "That's why you got
a cunt and a tight round ass, white girl."
     He gave a sudden lunge and she screamed as several inches of
black meat slid into her box.
     "Jesus you're tight. You tryna snap my cock off, bitch?"
     Her arms jerked fitfully behind her but she couldn't move
otherwise as his cock impaled her, bloating out her fuck tunnel
with its huge thickness. It continued to batter away at the hidden
recesses of her fuck hole, driving ever deeper as he grunted with
the strain.
     He jerked back on her hips, jamming her against his cock as he
drove it forward. She screamed, feeing like she had been spiked by
a steel spear. He ground his hips in circles, twisting the fat
prong around in her guts, then pulled back and thrust hard. Again
she screamed as his cock finally was buried in her belly.
     She felt his massive round balls pressing into  her as his
hips mashed against her soft white ass flesh.
     "Now you got it," he groaned. "Your dream come true, white
girl. Your pussy's full o' nigger cock. Yeahhhhh!"
     He ground his hips against her in slow circles, first
clockwise, then counter-clockwise. His hands stroked her body,
massaging her shoulders and back and sides and ass while he forced
her cunt walls apart.
     He started pumping, using slow, hard strokes. Gradually he
eased her tightness and increased both the speed and length of his
strokes. Sooner than he expected he was able to fuck her with long,
powerful strokes, the full length of his fuck tool sliding back and
forth in her small tight belly.
     He gripped her by the hair, making her squeal as he pulled her
shoulders off the floor and raised her upper torso, bringing her
back against his chest. He squeezed her tits in his hard, rough
hands, rolling and twisting the tender mammaries as he ground his
hips into her ass.
     "Tell me you never dreamed of me, whore. Tell me you never
wished a big nigger buck with a big cock would take you on your
knees. Tell me that, slut! Dirty stinking cunt faced whore!"
     He bit her on the side of the throat, munching and chewing his
way along her neck, up across her chin and over her jaws to her
mouth. His hand pressed her head back so hard she thought her neck
would break, and then his lips slid onto hers and his tongue pushed
into her mouth.
     He sucked and licked at her mouth as he ground his hips into
her and fucked with short pumping motions. She whimpered
helplessly, his cock far up inside her belly giving her cramps and
pains.
     He laughed and let go of her, letting her fall forward again.
She almost fell on her face but turned aside and took the impact on
her shoulder as he began to fuck her once again. His hips slapped
hard against her soft fleshy ass cheeks, jerking her forward on the
floor as he hammered into her.
     Then she cried out in shock as she felt him pressing a finger
down against her asshole.
     "What are you doing?" she cried.
     "Anything I want, white girl," he sneered.
                          
                          
                          Part Two

     His finger probed her asshole, then eased into it as she bit
her tongue against the pain. He pushed his finger all the way
inside her, ignoring her squeaks and groans of pain as he pumped it
slowly up and down in her rectum.
     He curled it upwards against her tailbone and jerked up a
little, forcing her ass to jerk up. He grinned and began jerking up
again and again, pulling against her tailbone, jerking her up like
a fish caught on a hook. Each time he pulled her ass up he thrust
into her hard, then eased out as he let her ass back down.
     He watched her ass bounce up and down as he fucked it, her
moans and groans sweet music to his ears.
     He slid his cock out so only the tip was inside her.
     "Beg for it, white girl," he sneered.
     She didn't reply.
     "I said beg me for it, slut! Beg for my cock!"
     "P... p... please," she whimpered.
     "Please what, slut?"
     "Please, fuck me," she whined.
     "Fuck you? You want me to fuck your little white pussy?"
     "Please," she sobbed.
     "Say it, whore. Say fuck me with your big nigger cock!"
     "Please fuck me! Please fuck me with your big nigger cock!"
     "Say more, slut? Tell me what you want."
     "Fuck me! Fuck me with your nigger cock! I want your nigger
cock!"
     "Where, white curl?"
     "In... in my... my cunt. I want it in my cunt!"
     "You want me to stick it up that shiny little pink twat?"
     "Yes," she moaned. "Stick it in my cu... cunt! Fuck me with
your big niggeAAAAHHHhhgghghgh!!"
     He buried twelve inches of thick black cock in her with one
mighty thrust. She jerked and shivered and convulsed on the floor,
her head whipping back at first, then falling forward onto the
floor.
     He pulled back and thrust hard, drawing another cry of pain
from her. He sniggered and began to fuck wildly, rutting into her,
his prick a jackhammer as it punched into her cervix. His hips
pounded against her buttocks, turning them red with pain.
     "I'm gonna give you a ride you won't forget, white girl, just
like you been dreaming of."
     An insane thought came to her, that somehow she had imagined
him, that he was created by her daydreams, her fantasies. She had,
on occasion, dreamed of being crudely taken by a huge black man, a
crude, savage muscular man who would use her with cruel violence.
She had never wished it to happen for real, of course, but she had
rubbed her little clitty in bed while dreaming of it.
     Now her clitty was being virtually spanked as his big balls
bounced against it again and again. Her body was jerked and pounded
by his powerful hips and her cunt was being skewered by his fat
fuck pole. She grunted repeatedly, the air almost knocked out of
her by the force of his blows.
     "Don't, uhgn... feel so, ungh... fuckin' snotty... ungh...
now, do you, ungh... bitch, ungh!"
     He rode her furiously, her entire body bouncing and jerking as
his hips rammed into her aching behind. He kept pulling up on her
tailbone, his finger jerking up painfully high, almost lifting her
right off her knees as he drove his fuck pole deep into her buttery
little guts.
     He grabbed her hair and pulled her face up off the floor as
she squealed in pain. He held her up by the hair as he rutted into
her, ignoring her cries of pain as her made her body jiggle and
shake.
     "This is what you were made for, you cunt faced, slut! This is
why you're here on God's earth, so men can fuck their cocks up your
tight little snatch. You're a walkin' fuck pad, bitch!"
     He pulled his finger out of her sucking ass hole and gripped
her hips as he rammed into her. He thrust deep, riding up over her
round ass, riding over her like a dog fucking its bitch. His hands
came down on the floor beside her head as he pounded down into her
cunt from above, smashing her down towards the hard tiles.
     Then he howled, his back arching and his head pulling back. He
screamed like a madman as his cum blasted down into the tiny
brunette's pussy. Wad after wad spat down into her belly, sizzling
and bubbling against her pink flesh.
     "Uuuuunnnggghhh," he groaned as he leaned forward again, his
hands coming down on the terrified woman's ass.
     He rested for a few seconds, then rose to his feet. He jerked
the girl up by one arm and then produced a knife. Her eyes got wide
but he only cut her wrists free, then put the knife back in his
bag. 
     He stared at her for a second as she shivered before him, then
pushed her back against one of the big tape drives and pulled a
camera out of the bag.
     "Gonna take some pictures, slut," he grinned.
     He raised the camera and turned on the flash, then snapped
several shots of the frightened woman.
      "Okay, whore, stand straight, head up, arms at your sides,"
he instructed.
     She did as he ordered, her face a mask of fear. He snapped a
couple more shots.
     "Now raise your hands and put them high in the air. No. Spread
them apart. That's it, now arch you back." The flash snapped again
and again.
     "Spread your legs, slut." Again the flash snapped.
     "Now turn around and grab the computer. Spread your legs and
bend."
     He took more pictures.
     "Okay, whore, now bend way over and grab your ankles."
     She looked back at him from between her legs as he took more
pictures, several of them closeups of her cunt and asshole.
     "Go lay back across that, bitch." He pointed at a printer. 
     She went back and stood in front of it, then slid her ass up
onto the keyboard and draped herself backwards as he took pictures.
She spread her legs as he asked, then got up again, turning around
and bending forward across the desk. He took more pictures, making
her spread her legs again.
     "Get back on the table, white girl, on your back."
     She did as ordered and he stood in front of her.
     "Pull your legs way up and back against you, whore. Pull them
in under your arms.
     "I... I can't," she whined.
     He forced her legs back and she pulled her arms over them. He
grinned, then went around behind her and pulled her ankles together
behind her head. She groaned at the pressure put on her back. 
     He chuckled and picked up the short piece of cord he'd dumped
on the table earlier, tying her ankles together behind her head. He
moved around to the other side of the table, grinning down at her.
     "Now you're all cunt and ass and mouth," he sneered. "You're
the perfect woman."
     She blinked her eyes as she looked up at him. Her tits were
squeezed together between her thighs, only inches from her chin.
Her cunt gaped open and her little puckered asshole was obscenely
visible.
     "Here's one to send your friends at Christmas, bitch," he
sneered, snapping several shots of her like that.
     "Put your hands on your ass, slut. Cup your ass for me." He
snapped several more pictures of her like that, giggling in
amusement. She was mortified at anyone seeing her like this, her
pussy and asshole so utterly open and exposed.
     "What do you think, white girl? Should I tie you up like that
and leave you for your friends to find in the morning?"
     "No! Please no!"
     He chuckled and pulled more cords out of his bag, then tied
her arms behind her back, pinning her legs back hard beneath her
armpits. He ran another cord from the one binding her wrists, up to
the cord around her ankles, just so she couldn't pull her hands out
from under her ass and straighten herself.
     "There," he said, smiling. "Now there's no way you can shift
yourself." 
     He swung her around so she faced the main doors.
     "You're friends are gonna get a hell of a greeting when they
walk in tomorrow morning," he snickered.
     "NO! Don't! Please! I'll do anything! I've got money! P...
p... p.. leeeeeesse!" She stuttered desperately, more terrified at
the thought of being left like this than anything else. 
     "Whatsamatter, white girl? Don't want them to see you're pussy
and ass hole?"
     He bent and pulled a big black dildo out of the bag, then
slowly pushed it into her cunt. He left half of it stick out and
then took more pictures.
     "That'll be even better," he said, smiling and nodding in
satisfaction.
     "Nooooooo!" Dale was horrified. Her dignity had always been of
paramount importance to her. To be found with her legs behind her
head and her cunt and ass so lewdly and crudely displayed would
unbearable. She would die of humiliation.
     Oh, no doubt they'd make sympathetic noises, but she'd quickly
be the source of disgusting jokes and stories, especially if the
dildo was sticking out of her pussy.
     "You don't want me to leave? Is that what you're saying, white
girl?"
     "No! I mean, Yes. I mean. Untie me. Pleeeasse!"
     "Why should I?"
     "Please! I... I won't tell anyone about this! I'll keep my
mouth shut!"
     "What do I care? You want me to stay you gotta offer me
something?"
     "Money? I have money in the bank. I can... "
     "I don't want money, white girl."
     "What? Anything! My car! Do you want my car?"
     "I don't want your car either, pussy."
     "Whaaaat?" she groaned.
     He sauntered back and stood right in front of her, his semi-
flaccid cock inches from her buttocks.
     "Tell me you want me."
She stared at him in shock.
     "I want you!" she blurted.
     "Uh uh. I don't want a parrot, baby. I want you to tell me how
much you want me to fuck you. I want you to be creative and sound
real, real sincere. I want you to tell me how you want to suck my
nigger cock, how you want me to pound my meat down your twat and up
your asshole. I want you to beg for it so hard you make me cry."
     "Oh Godddd!
     "I'm waiting, whore."
     She licked her lips, panicking as all words escaped her. He
sighed and moved towards the door.
     "Wait! Please fuck me! Please come and... and stick your cock
in my pussy! I need it! I need a big black cock in my cunt! Stick
it up my asshole too. I love having a big nigger cock in my
asshole! Ream me out! Stuff it all up my asshole until I scream!
     "Pleeeease! I love nigger cock! I love to suck it! Let me
taste your sperm! I want to drink it all down! I want to suck your
balls and... and lick them, and feel your juice shooting up my ass
and down my pussy. Pleeeease fuck me! Please! Please! I need to be
sodomised sooo bad! I need a cock up my asshole!
     "I'll do anything if you'll just fuck me in the ass! You can
do it as hard as you want! Please, please, please, pleeeeeasse!"
she sobbed.
     "You want it up your ass, baby?"
     "Yes! Yes! Oh please, yes! Please sodomise me! Rip my asshole
apart! Fuck my brains out! I need to feel that big nigger cock up
my ass and up my cunt!"
     He placed the tip of his cock against her mouth and she
frantically licked at it. He teased her, pulling it back just out
of reach, making her jerk her head forward as she tried to get her
tongue on it.
     "Please! Please! Let me suck it!" she begged.
     He let her tongue reach it, then pushed it forward into her
mouth. She sucked desperately, her tongue whipping all around his
big cock tip as he drove it into her oral cavity. He let her lick
on it a little then pulled it free.
     "Want this in your cunt, Dale?"
     "Yes! Yes, please! Fuck me with it!"
     He pushed his cockhead against her snatch and she watched, her
eyes wide as it slid down into her body. Her cunt slit was only
about a foot from her nose and she had a close up view as his pole
split her lips open and drove down into her tight belly.
     "OOooohhhh! Yeessss! That feels so gooood!" she groaned.
     He snickered and pumped his cock up and down in her cunt
tunnel. Dale watched, entranced, amazed at the sight of such a
thick cock sliding down into her body. She'd never seen her cunt
getting a cock in it before, for that matter. She'd never been in
a position to. Now she stared in amazement at his long gleaming
black tool as it slid back and forth between her pussy lips.
     His fingers rolled her hard nipples as he slowly worked his
cock back and forth inside her. He loved the way she was staring at
her cunt getting fucked. Her desperate begging had tailed off as
she watched herself getting fucked. 
     "Like that, slut?"
     "Yes! Yes! I love it?" she moaned, still staring. She took her
eyes off his steadily pumping cock and ran them up his powerfully
muscled frame, up to his handsome face with its gleaming teeth. She
was dazed with all that had happened, all that was happening.
Adrenalin had been flooding her system for too long and she was
getting drunk on it.
     Her eyes slid back down to her slit, to her cunt lips, which
were tight and taut around his sliding black tube of flesh.
     "Oh God," she sighed, staring at it wondrously. How did it all
fit in her, she wondered. How could she take such a huge male cock
into her body and not be killed? Maybe she was being killed. Maybe
she was bleeding internally, all torn up inside.
     Could a person be fucked to death. She giggled hysterical,
then gasped and jerked her head back as he thrust into her with new
force.
     "Uuuhnnngggh," she groaned.
     He worked his thumb against her clitty, frigging it back and
forth, grinding it down on the little fuck button, frigging her
even as he rodded his cock down into her guts.
     Dale was grunting and sighing, her mind dazed, confused,
bewildered. Her body throbbed with pain and heat. She mumbled to
herself incomprehensibly, the words only interrupted by sudden
grunts when he fucked into her particularly hard.
     "Oh Jesus!" she whispered. "Oh! Oh God! Unngh! Unngh!"
     She didn't know what was going on. Her body had been racked by
rapidfire sensations for half an hour now, terrible fear, anxiety,
humiliation and misery, pain in too many places, the kneading,
stroking and fondling of her breasts and nipples and ass, the
finger fucking of her asshole, and the repeated hard rutting of her
cunt.
     Her system was overwhelmed with contradictory feelings and her
mind was exhausted from being in a hyperanxious state for too long.
Like others before her, she suddenly began to find the steady
pumping of a male penis inside her love tunnel familiar and even
oddly comforting.
     She relaxed under the steady stroking, her eyes closing
weakly, then jerking open to focus, as best she could, on her slit
and that big black cock moving in and out of it. She moaned weakly,
nearly insensible.
     Her cunt began to burn with lust, pussy cream oozing out of
her pores, sliding around his steadily pumping cock. She groaned,
her jaw hanging down as she squinted at her cunt. He threw a series
of hard strokes into her, rocking her up and down on her spine.
Juice spurted out of her pussy with each hard thrust.
     Her eyes fluttered again, and then they went wide. Her mouth
gaped and then trembled, then she jerked frantically, her head
smashing back against her ankles  as she gurgled in maniacal glee.
She drooled and spit and whined and grunted insanely as her body
trembled and jerked and thrashed in orgasmic fever.
     Her cunt sucked and squeezed on his cock as she blasted into
orbit. Her body rolled and jerked and trembled with burning sexual
heat. Her eyes rolled back in her head and she ground her teeth
together as he fucked her as hard and fast as he could.
     His fingerers rubbed furiously over her clitty as she
whimpered and whined and panted for breath. 
     Then she shuddered a final time and went limp, her head
falling forward then back. Her eyes fluttered weakly and he eased
up on his fucking stroke, grinning down in arrogant contempt.
     "That was a nice little cum, wasn't it white girl?"
She groaned in response.
     "Tell me how much you want it, baby."
     "I... I want it," she panted. "I want... want your cock!"
     He pulled it out and rubbed the head up and down her crack.
     "Now I think I'm gonna shove it up your asshole, Dale, baby."
     "Yes! Yes! Do it! Fuck me in the ass! Fuck me in the ass!" she
whimpered.
     He pressed his cum soaked cockhead against her asshole and
began to apply pressure.
     "Ooooh! OOooh! Yeessss!" she gasped, reeling in pain, but not
caring. Anything was better than being found like this. Anything!
     She had little dignity left, almost no pride, not after being
raped like this, not after having to beg for it, and especially not
after having an orgasm. She didn't know how that had happened. She
could only imagine that her body had short circuited under the
strain. Still, she didn't care what he did to her as long as he
didn't leave her like this for the morning people to find.
      Never in her life had she imagined she would be raped in the
ass! Conscious of her pride and dignity, she would never have
allowed any lover to do this, but now she begged for it, terrified
at the thought of the men coming into the room and howling in
laughter at the sight of her like this. She would rather be dead!
     Her asshole ached and stung as he forced more and more of his
fat male organ down into it. She could see the thick black rod,
purple veins ringing it and bulging
out as it slid down into her anus. She groaned in pain, then grit
her teeth, trying to ignore it.
     "Yes! Fuck my ass!" she snarled. "Stick it all down into my
ass! I want it all inside me!"
     He pushed deeper, harder, grunting and sighing as her anus
clamped down on his prong. At last he drove the last of it into her
hole and pressed his balls against her buttocks.
     "OOooohhh!" she groaned.
     "You like that, huh white girl?
     "Yes! Yes!" she panted, waves of pain trying to tell her that
she had been split apart.
     He ground his hips down into her taut, stretched out buttocks,
his hands kneading her tit meat as he twisted his cock around
inside her rectum. He sniggered down at her smugly, his hands
pinching and pulling at her nipples as he began to slowly pump his
cock inside her.
     "Beg for it, slut! Beg or it!"
     "P... please," she gasped.
     "Beg for it you cheap piece of cunt meat!"
     "Fuck me," she whined.
     "Harder! Beg harder!" He squeezed her tits hard, her
gelatinous flesh oozing between his hard black fingers.
     "Fuck me! Fuck my ass! Fuck me harder!"
     "I'm gonna rip your asshole open, slut!"
     "Yes! Yes! Rip my asshole open! Rip me open! Fuck my asshole!
OOohhhhhhh! Uuuuunnn!"
     His cock moved inside her anus with greater force and speed,
pumping up and down in her tightly constricted anal tube. He glared
at her, his lips drawn back in a snarl as he gripped her hair and
tore her head from side to side, jerking it back against her ankles
then pulling it forward, mashing her chin into her pillowed tits.
     She groaned loudly, then sobbed in agony as his prick began to
pound down into her anus with total abandon. His big black prong
hissed in and out of her tight hole, slicing deep into her guts on
each down stroke. His hips slammed against her ass, bouncing her,
rolling her back and forth on the table as she perched precariously
on her spine.
     He stuffed his thumb down into her cunt and pinched his
fingers down against the top of her slit, down against her clitty.
He squeezed them all together, grinding her hard little clitty
between them, rolling it and squeezing it with cruel force.
     Her face was damp with sweat, her hair plastered against her
forehead. Her mouth hung slack, her breathing loud as she gasped
and panted and moaned in dazed pain. She lay her head back against
her ankles, staring up at the ceiling as the big black cock pounded
down into her asshole.
     She hardly noticed at first, when he stopped. His cock tore
free of her clutching anus and he panted for breath, holding the
giant black rod in his fingers. He moved around behind her and
untied her arms, then her legs. She groaned, and then sobbed as her
body unfolded and her legs and arms hung over the opposite sides of
the table.
     She lay limp, moaning low in her throat as he snapped more
pictures.
     "You look all fucked out, whore," he sneered.
     He grabbed her by one ankle and pulled her off the table, his
big hands holding her up as her rubbery legs tried to fold beneath
her.
     "Stand up, white girl," he sniffed. He grabbed her hair and
she yelped and stood upright, her hands going up and behind her,
grabbing his wrist. He shoved her against the wall, forcing her
hands flat against it and kicking her feet apart.
     "Assume the position again, slut," he ordered.
     "Spread your legs more, white girl... more... that's it, bend
forward. Now I want you to wag your round little ass at me. Just
wave it back and forth."
     She did as he ordered, her eyes dull and glazed.
     "Wag that ass, baby. And beg for it. You want this nigger cock
up that tight little ass again, don't you."
     "Yes," she said, her voice a whisper.
     "Beg for it." He raised a video camera to his eye and began
shooting.
     "Fuck my ass," she moaned. "Please stick your cock up my ass
again. Pleeeeasse! Pleeeassse! Please fuck my asshole!"
     He put down the camera. She shuddered as she heard it hit the
table, then whimpered as his heavy bare feet padded  towards her.
     "Fuck my ass!" she whimpered. "Please fuck me in the ass."
     His hands slid up and down her back, then her sides. They slid
down her hips and around to the inside of her thighs. His cock
pressed into her buttocks, then slid down between them. He gripped
the shaft and pressed the rounded head against her asshole.
     "Here it comes, bitch," he growled. 
     Dale clenched her teeth as his cock slowly forced her puckered
hole open. It went higher and higher inside her belly, moving at a
slow but steady, inexorable pace until it was two thirds of the way
in. His hands gripped her thighs tightly then and he thrust up
hard. 
     Dale gave a gargling cry of shock and pain as she was impaled
on his thick prong. His balls mashed against her buttocks as he
held her thighs tightly and ground himself into her. 
     "Cunt! Slut! Whore!" he hissed into her ear.
     His right hand slid between her legs, cupping her cunt pad and
squeezing it. His left hand slid up her quivering belly and cupped
her right tit, his fingers working it over roughly as he bit down
on her throat. He abandoned her tit and gripped her by the hair,
jerking her head up and back.
     She sobbed and grabbed back for his hand again, uselessly
trying to ease the strain on her sweat dampened tresses. His hands
slid around her belly and he jammed them in tight, squashing her
into his body. He lifted her off the floor, pinning her slight body
against his as he swung her around.
     He shoved her against the table and bent her over again, then
threw a hard serious of violent thrusts into her ass, his cock
stabbing deep into her guts with each stroke.
     He pulled her up by the hair again, then gripped her upper
arms in both hands, holding them up high and apart as he pumped his
tool up her rectum. He chuckled as she whined, then slid his arms
around hers and linked the fingers of both hands together behind
her head.
     He held her tightly locked in a half nelson, his lower body
mashing up into her ass cheeks as he pulled back on her arms. He
bent her backwards, straining her spine as his  prong ran deep into
her belly. He humped hard and fast, bouncing her against the edge
of the table as he finally shot his load of hot bubbling sperm up
into her bowels.

     Nobody noticed anything amiss the next morning. If Dale was
unusually subdued, well, Dale was hardly the most bubbly person
around anyway. She drove home in a haze, purely on instinct, then
went up to her apartment, shucked out of her clothes and took a
long, long bath with plenty of bubbles.
     It was hard trying to figure out where she stood, how her mind
and life had been changed because of the horrible events of that
night. She wasn't hurt, other than for a few bruises, well, a
number of bruises.
     Still, she was alive and healthy and... and...
     She lay her head back and sighed, then closed her eyes. She
not to, but her mind kept flashing back to the harsh, sweating
moments she'd experienced with... with that man. What was his name?
She would probably never know.
     She had been attacked, viciously, and yet, she didn't feel
frightened or outraged or, or even upset. Yes, it had been
humiliating, yet somehow, some kind of bond had formed between
them, a bond she never would have wished, yet a bond nonetheless.
     And she had come, come hard, come so hard her body had
trembled and shook and shuddered, and her mind had been shattered.
     How that had happened she couldn't guess. Certainly he was
handsome enough, and had all those muscles, and that, that enormous
penis... 
     She sighed again, her hands reaching unconsciously for her
groin. She rubbed a finger along her slit, trembling slightly.
