Company
by deirdre

I couldn't help the thought.  I shouldn't lose my confidence in the 
middle of a job interview, but I realized that she wasn't paying any 
attention to what I said at all!  I really needed this job!  *Really* 
needed it.  She'd just wait for me to finish and she'd just say enough 
to get me talking again!  What had I done wrong?  I *needed* a job!  
What had made her lose interest?  How do I get her to pay attention?  
There was nothing I could do.  I just kept talking, but the more I 
watched her, the more I could tell that her mind was elsewhere.  It 
almost seemed as if she were waiting for someone to enter the 
room.

Finally, it was over.  At least I could leave: there would be relief 
even though I was hearing the worst.  Anything's better than sitting 
there knowing that at this very second you are blowing it.

"You should definitely work in data entry."

What was she saying?  I couldn't believe she was offering me a job!  
She did more than offer: I told her I could start immediately, and she 
signed me up, then and there!  Then she walked me over to another 
department and took me into a room with some cubicles.  Each 
cubicle had a computer.

"Excuse me, is Sandra here?"  She was talking to a woman in one of 
the cubicles.

"She went out for something.  She should be back in a few minutes."  
The woman had stopped typing at the computer to answer.  She was 
tall, with long, beautiful dark brown hair, and seemed about my age: 
in her mid twenties or so.

"This is the new data-entry person she needed.  Could you get her 
started, and introduce her to Sandra?"  They went on with their 
talking.  I realized my supervisor was going to be someone named 
Sandra and this woman would be one of my co-workers.  Finally the 
woman from personnel left and the woman at the computer put me in 
front of a computer, split her work load with me, and showed me 
how to enter a form.  Then she told me to get to it and went back and 
started working.  I stared at the form, confused.  I looked at the 
woman: she was working away so confidently.  She finally looked at 
me and seemed a little miffed.  Then she came over and guided me 
through it, step-by-step through two forms.  Then she told me to try 
again and went back to work.  She was so business-like.  I started 
working and realized I had got the hang of it, though I was working 
much slower than she was.

It was strange to be working so soon, but I guess I settled into it.  I 
was startled when the door opened and a woman walked in.  She 
looked to be in her thirties, was about my height, and had dirty 
blonde hair.  She wore a white blouse and a dark mini-skirt.  This 
caught my eye because it was just about the same as what the dark-
haired woman was wearing.

I looked up and watched the woman and she saw me and walked up to 
my cubicle.

"And you are... ?"

The dark-haired woman had stood up and was next to me.

"She's the new data-entry person.  Personnel just brought her over."  
The blonde woman, who apparently was my supervisor, Sandra, told 
us to follow her and took us into a separate office.  She sat behind 
the desk and looked at us.  I felt funny because we were both left 
standing there.

"She isn't really suitably dressed.  Take her across the street and get 
her something.  Here's the company card."

"OK" said the dark-haired woman next to me.  She told me to come on 
and we went down to the ground floor and crossed the street and 
entered this women's clothing store.  It was definitely up-scale.  We 
didn't see anyone else in the store except a woman who apparently 
worked there.

The dark-haired woman was looking through skirts in no time and in 
a couple of minutes, she had a dark miniskirt and a white blouse very 
similar to her own.

"Here, try these on," she said.  I took them and went in the dressing 
room.  Very nice quality.  I couldn't believe the way this day was 
turning out: unemployed in the morning, before noon a company is 
buying me excellent clothes.  Never in a million years would I have 
dreamed it.

"Leave off your panties."  Huh?  I was dressing and she had called 
through the curtain.

"What?"  I couldn't believe I'd heard her right.  She responded by 
coming in while I was dressing!  Fortunately the room was spacious 
for a store dressing room.

"Leave off your panties!  They definitely affect the line.  See?"  She 
lifted her skirt and showed me she was wearing no panties!  This 
was strange--I felt my heart in my throat for a second!  Her skirt 
was down in a second and I had trouble believing my own memory.  I 
had the skirt on, and dutifully I actually pulled my panties off!  I was 
going to be bare-legged and I noticed that she was too.

"Leave off the bra too," she added.  This was too strange.  But I went 
ahead and took it off, and then put on the blouse and buttoned it.  I 
just had the outfit on, when she spoke up again.

"You'd better wear the bra, after all."  Of all things!  But I didn't say 
anything, I just took off the blouse, put on my bra again, and put on 
the blouse again.

"OK, come out," she said, finally.  We left the dressing room and I had 
the chance to look at myself in the three-way mirrors.  I noticed the 
woman who worked in the store walking over.

"Oh, you can't wear a bra with *that* outfit," she started, "go back 
and take it off."  I looked up at her.  She was giving the dark-haired 
woman a funny look.  I just shrugged and went back to the dressing 
room.  I took off the bra and put the blouse back on, and came out.

"*Oh, my!*  You'd better go put it back on!"  It was the same woman 
who asked me to take it off!  "Go!"  she added when I didn't move 
right away.  She looked positively nervous.  When I got back in the 
dressing room, I looked in the mirror.  What were they so worried 
about?  My breasts are not small, but they are not huge either.  They 
don't hang too much, so you might see a little difference, but not a 
big difference.  I checked out myself with the blouse but without the 
bra, and later with the blouse and the bra.  I just couldn't see what 
the big deal was.  I came out, and both women seemed happy and the 
dark-haired woman paid with the card and brought me back to work.  
We went into Sandra's office.  Sandra looked up.

"She's wearing a bra!"

"She..." The dark-haired woman started, but she seemed too nervous 
to go on.

"Go out to the women's room and take it off!  *Hurry, and come right 
back*."  Sandra definitely had an air of authority in her voice.  The 
dark-haired woman looked decidedly nervous.  I went quickly and 
was back in a couple of minutes.

"Oh, good lord!"  Sandra had only glanced at me and then she had 
looked away.  "Go back and put it back on!"  I walked back, but still 
couldn't figure this out.  Soon I was back in Sandra's office and she 
looked happier and in a minute I was back in my cubicle, working 
away.  I glanced at the dark-haired woman in the next cubicle.  She 
was working away and paid no attention to me.

After a while I noticed another woman enter.  She looked very 
young--perhaps twenty, but was very well dressed.  As I watched 
her, her eyes quickly swept across the room and she immediately 
went into Sandra's office.  I noticed the dark-haired woman next to 
me paid attention to what she was doing.

"Come here, both of you!"  It was Sandra standing in her doorway.  
The dark-haired woman stood and waited a second as I stood up and 
then led me in.  On the way, she whispered to me that the woman 
who had just walked in was vice president of the company.  When we 
entered, Sandra was standing in front of the desk, nervously, her 
own chair occupied by the vice president.

"So you decided she should wear a bra!"

Sandra and the dark-haired woman stood there, seemingly too 
nervous to talk.  The vice president stood up.  "Over!" she said.  
Sandra and the woman both immediately bent over the desk, their 
rear's hanging off the side!  They both raised their skirts revealing 
their own rears!

I stared.  I couldn't believe this was happening!  The vice president 
was standing next to me.  There was something on each of their 
rears... a small ring?  Protruding from their... rear holes!

"Butt plugs," said the vice president.  She took the ring on Sandra's 
rear with her finger and drew on it.  It came away, revealing a plug 
of some sort.  I'd never heard of such a thing!  Sandra's breath caught 
when it came out.  The vice president then pushed it back in.  Sandra 
let out a few quick breaths as it went in.  "Get used to the idea," she 
added and she gave my rear a little pat!  I stood there, stock still, 
not knowing what to do next.

"I can't believe they had you wearing a bra!" she added.  The two 
women still leaned over the desk, their rear's showing.  "Turn around 
and take it off."

I stared at her.  These people were crazy.  "*Now!*"  I didn't hesitate 
again, but turned towards the wall and got the bra off as fast as I 
could.  As soon as I had my blouse buttoned again, I turned back 
around to the vice president.

"Oh!" she said, in a quiet, but surprised voice.  She stared at my 
chest.  I still couldn't figure out what was the big deal.  She never 
moved, and was staring like that for at least thirty seconds.  Finally 
I mumbled something nervously but I don't know what I was going to 
say.  She seemed to wake up and looked at my face.

"You'd better put it back on," she said, "I'll see you later."  Then she 
left.  There I was with those two women, still leaning over the desk.

After a second, they stood up and straightened their skirts.  I still 
could see those *butt plugs* in my mind as I looked at them.  What 
*was* all this?

"Your bra," said Sandra to remind me.  I wondered whether I should go 
to the rest room and was left staring.

"Just *do it*!" said Sandra, finally, sounding exasperated.  I quickly 
turned around and put it back on right there in the office.  Then 
Sandra sent us back to work and I did my best to type forms and 
ignore the intrusive memories of those weird moments.

Then Sandra came out and gave me an office number and told me to 
go there.  She stood in the door and watched as I walked to the 
elevator.  The office was on the top floor of the building.  When I 
saw the door, I couldn't believe how sumptuous it was!  And the door 
indicated that this was the president!

The reception area was large and the receptionist looked up at me.  
She didn't even ask my name, but after looking for a couple of 
seconds, told me the president was waiting for me.  I walked in, 
wondering what this was all about, and feeling nervous.

The room was absolutely gorgeous.  It was in a fairly conservative 
style.  A huge desk was at the far end of the room.  A woman was 
sitting there.  She looked a bit "ageless" but I guessed she was about 
forty.  Her hair was black with a little grey, which I wondered why 
she didn't color, but her hair was definitely beautiful the way it 
was.  But she could have looked younger...

"So you're the one our vice president decided should wear a bra."  She 
started.  I didn't know how to answer that.

"Yes ma'am."  That was as good an answer as any.

"I can't believe she'd find that acceptable," she replied.  I couldn't 
believe this conversation.  Suddenly a door at the side of the room 
slid open, revealing a nude woman!  She was facing the wall and was 
apparently bound, gagged, and tied to the wall!  I realized it was the 
vice president!

I looked back at the president.  She had a huge whip in her hand.  "She 
knows better," she said quietly.  She started waving the whip back 
and forth a little as if she were limbering it, or warming up.  I 
couldn't believe this.  I was actually going to *see* this woman get 
whipped!  I felt a stirring...

Suddenly the door opened behind me and a woman entered.  I 
recognized her as the woman who worked in the store.

"And you just let her put it back on?" demanded the president.

"She...,"

"I don't want to hear it," cut in the president.  The woman looked like 
she was going to sink through the floor.  The president turned back 
to me.  Her voice suddenly turned from steel to very friendly.

"You'd better take it off.  You can go in there."  She pointed to a door 
to the side of her desk.  I walked through and found a rather 
sumptuous bathroom.  I closed the door and stood there breathing 
hard for a second.  Then I quickly took the bra off and replace my 
blouse.  When I came back in, I glanced around and realized only the 
president was there.  The sliding door was closed again.

"Oh, my!" she said in a quiet, but surprised voice.  It *is* obscene."  I 
had watched her eyes and I'd never seen them leave my face.  "Go 
back..." she paused for a second, "No!  Come here, please!"  She never 
raised her voice, but she seemed very insistent.  I walked over.

She briefly seemed at a loss for words.  "You're... *really 
something*", she finally said.  "Here," she added.  The sliding door 
started opening again and I realized she had pushed a button on her 
desk.  It revealed the vice president, still bound, gagged, attached 
facing the wall, but then it revealed the lady from the clothing store 
in the same condition!  I had been in the bathroom so briefly I 
couldn't figure out...

"Would you like to... whip them?"  I couldn't believe the president's 
voice: she seemed almost like a puppy, trying to please.  I didn't 
answer right away.  "It's nice to see their bodies jerk," she said and 
she snapped the whip.  It snapped the vice president's rear and I saw 
her body jerk.  Something in me felt electric when I saw that.  Like I 
was feeling the sting in sympathy?  I felt something between my 
legs and I wondered at myself.  The other woman had started 
wriggling and straining when the whip had snapped.

"Here, try it."  She had put the whip in my hand.  I looked down at it.  
I heard the rustling of clothing and looked back at her: *her clothes 
were off*--she was wearing just a g-string.  She had a good-looking 
small, slim body, with small breasts.  She looked almost like a girl 
despite her hair.  She came up to me and put her hands on my upper 
arms.  She held me and leaned back, but our lower bodies were 
touching.  I heard her breath catch.  I saw her eyes go down to my 
chest, and then back up to my face.  It was the first time I saw her 
eyes on my chest at all.

"I want...," she paused again, seemingly diffident.  "I want you to be 
my *special assistant*, OK?"

"I don't know," I said.  I was shivering and my voice was quiet.

"Listen..., we could..., you could be here and we could get together."  
She looked so desperate.  I couldn't believe it: this little waif of a 
woman, nothing but a g-string, standing there.  "You could whip me!"  
She went over to the vice president and stood behind her and pressed 
her body against her, hugging her.  She was looking back at me.  "Try 
it, I know you'll like it."  Her body was moving, just a little.  
"Please?"  She was grinding her pelvis against the vice president's 
rear.  I looked at her rear, slowly wriggling.  Whip it?  Why did I feel 
so... wet?
