    The Concert

    It was not by far the first rock concert I'd gone to nor was it 
the first I'd gone to by myself.  It seems that I always enjoyed the 
thrill of being by myself and being very free to do whatever I 
wanted to.  This especially applied to the dangerous and exciting 
world of live rock and roll.
    
    I was especially looking forward to the concert tonight.  The band 
was new and popular and I knew that many people my age would be 
there.  Just thinking of all the pretty boys slamming around without 
their shirts on and covered in sweat made my blood boil with 
excitement.  I was daydreaming as I drove to the convention center 
and narrowly averted at least one bad accident.  

    The mosh pit was one of my favorite places to be at these 
concerts since it is a rare circumstance indeed where one can touch 
the sweaty, nearly-naked bodies of almost any cute guy who happens 
by.  And even when not caught up in the frenzy of a good mosh I 
could just stand still and grope passers-by and the occasional stage 
diver.
    
    During the opening groups' sets I just walked coolly around the 
floor of the huge convention center where the concert was being 
held.  Cruising obviously, but in a cool manner so as to not to 
arouse suspicion.  I certainly made sure that I checked out all the 
restrooms and was thrilled to find them just as grimy and smelly as 
I'd expected.
    
    I anticipated the main groups appearance on stage and hurried 
back to the auditorium floor.  Quickly I edged myself as close as 
possible to the front of the crowd and near the center of the stage 
so as to be as close to all the action as possible.  The already 
growing heat prompted me to take off my t-shirt and tuck it deeply 
into the wasteband of my shorts.  I made note of all the good 
looking guys, both young and old, as I made my way and smiled in my 
heart to see them there; so beautiful and full of energy and so very 
happy.  
    
    When I'd finally staked out my position in the dense crowd, I 
found myself faced with the glorious sight of two very handsome guys 
standing right in front of me.  They both were over six feet tall 
and had short hair.  One of them had light brown hair and the other 
was a sandy blond.  They already had their shirts off and I admired 
the shapes of their strong, sinewy backs right down to the damp 
waistbands of their baggy shorts.  They both must have been 
in their twenties judging by their heights and their builds.  I was 
able to glimpse of their faces too and noticed they both had 
remarkably handsome features and shadows of beards.
    
    I was also happy to see that these two fine specimens of 
masculinity were there together and appeared to be friends. They 
talked excitedly to each other in anticipation of the main band 
appearing on stage.  I had to exercise a great deal of self-control 
to keep from caressing their bodies.  The slick, soft skin of their 
backs and the soft globes of their asses seemed to beckon to my 
hands and mouth.  I wanted so badly to taste their sweat and feel 
their soft, moist tongues as they tasted mine.
    
    The band finally took the stage and the crowd erupted into 
violent, frenzied cheers.  Immediately they plunged headlong into 
their most popular, hard-driving song.  The glorious music forced our 
bodies into motion and a large-sized mosh pit opened up directly 
behind me.  As is normal for a mosh pit, I jumped right in and 
slammed about violently, swirling counter-clockwise with maybe 50 or 
75 other people.  I slammed shoulder-first into anyone I could and 
was slammed into frequently as well.  
    
    When my path had gone full turn I noticed that the two boys I'd 
been admiring still stood in the same place, they were slamming 
alright but just into each other.  Using my anonymity as a reason 
for courage, I sped past them and grabbed the brown-haired ones arm 
to drag him into the pit with me.  Surprisingly enough he grabbed 
his friend his friend as well and I dragged them both into the frenzied 
mob with me.
    
    The two boys were greatly enjoying themselves as they leapt 
about in the mosh with me.  I derived great pleasure from slamming 
into their bodies and the bodies of all the other moshers and saw 
such smiles on everyones faces that it drove us to further 
enjoyment.  The great stage lights really enhanced the whole 
experience too.  Intense red spotlights swept the violent crowd and 
bright strobes seemingly froze us in the midst of our actions.

    The three of us followed the same form for most of the concert.  
We slammed joyfully to the violent songs and sang loudly with the 
band during the songs that we didn't mosh to.  I came to feel very 
close to these two beautiful strangers and quickly came to lust very 
strongly after them.  

    My big break came when the blonde decided to stage dive.  He 
jumped up onto the backs of the people in front of him and they 
quickly began passing him toward the stage.  When he almost go to 
the stage, they began passing him back.  Unexpectedly, the crowd got 
very thin just near where I was standing and I saw that the 
beautiful boy was headed face-first toward that spot.  Happily, I 
sprung to his rescue and caught him in my arms just as he was headed 
for the hard concrete floor.
    
    I was holding this big, handsome blonde boy in my  arms, with 
his face pressed into my bare chest and I didn't want to let go!  
But with some great feat of restraint, I just lifted him to his feat 
and when I saw that he had re oriented himself and was standing 
steadily, I let him go.  Since the music was still blasting, I 
leaned very close to his right ear and screamed "Are you alright?"  
He just nodded wearily and mouthed "Thanks," and squeezed my 
shoulder.  At this point I glimpsed his beautiful blue-green eyes 
and wanted only to stare deeply into them for the rest of the night. 
Needless to say, I was in heaven as far as I was concerned and at 
that point had enough memories to fuel my masturbation fantasies 
for several weeks.  
    
    Then, the brown-haired boy grasped his friend on the shoulder 
and screamed into his ear "I have to piss!  Where's the 
bathroom?"  The blond just shrugged and I knew that my time had 
really come.  I screamed back at the two of them "I know...follow 
me!"  And I started edging my way toward one of the distant exits.  
The brown haired boy was directly behind me and found it necessary 
because of the thick crowd to grab onto my hand and I literally had 
to drag him out of the auditorium with the blond in tow as well.
        
        We eventually made our way to the exit and were greatly 
relieved to be away from the crush and noise of the crowd.  I led my 
two new friends toward the closest of the bathrooms that I'd scouted 
earlier in the evening.  After the ringing in my ears died down 
some, I turned to the brown haired guy behind me, grasped him on his 
bare shoulder and introduced myself.  He smiled broadly, showing his 
straight, white teeth.  "I'm Jon," he said a little loudly "and 
this is Blaine!"  I suppose that the ringing in their ears had not 
died down enough for Jon to realize that he was actually screaming.

    "Hey, man, thanks again for the save back there.  I would have 
smashed my face if you hadn't caught me," said Blaine in a more 
normal volume.
    
    "No problem, buddy," I replied.  "So, have you two been to many 
concerts like this?" I continued.
    
    "Not many, actually," Blaine replied "this is only my second or 
third one."

    By that time we'd reached the restroom in question and quickly 
entered.  I was so very relieved to see that we three were obviously 
the only ones in the can at that time.  I quickly stepped up to a 
urinal and began relieving myself.  To my satisfaction, Blain and 
Jon both ended up on either side of me and began to do the same.

    "Hey," Jon quipped up as he turned to me "you've got a nice big 
dick there."

    "Thanks," I replied while my heart leapt to my throat and I 
suddenly felt a surge of blood to my dick.  I looked over at Jon to 
check him out as well since the ice had been broken.  I was 
gratified to see that Jon was well hung too.  I was entranced as I 
watched his clear urine spilling out from his magnificent penis.  
"You're not at all bad off yourself, 'Big Boy,'"  I replied.  Just 
then I heard Blaine clear his throat and nudge me with his 
shoulder.  Obviously he was in need of some attention himself.

    I turned to my other side and gazed at Blaine's crotch and was 
greeted by just as glorious sight as Jon offered.  "Man!" I 
exclaimed "What a coincidence that the three best hung guys out of 
all that crowd would end up pissing at the same time."

    "And what a greater coincidence that all three of us apparently 
have the hots for each other." added Jon.  Then after a short pause 
he added: "Am I right?"

    "Yes."  I replied in unison with Blaine.  "Now what do we do 
about that?" I added.

    Jon stuffed his glorious genitalia back in his shorts, zipped 
up, washed his hands quickly and walked to the door of the 
restroom.  As Blaine and I were zipping up our shorts, we watched as 
he reached up to the door, near the handle, and slid shut a deadbolt 
lock.

    "Well," Jon said "I think we can pretty much to what we want to 
about it."  And then for emphasis, he pulled hard on the door handle 
and it didn't budge.  I knew that out of all the restrooms in the 
convention center that one less wouldn't matter.  Besides, none of 
the other audience members would even want to go to the restroom 
unless it was an emergency until the concert let out.  And by my 
estimation, that gave the three of us at least 45 minutes and maybe 
longer if the group went into an encore.

    "Since we already know each others names, most of the 
preliminary stuff is already out of the way." said Jon.  Then he 
stepped up to me, embraced me, and we kissed deeply.  Our hands were 
all over each other.  My hands slowly circled on his still moist 
back and happily kneaded the soft flesh of his ass.  His hands 
lovingly combed through my hair.  He firmly stroked my arms, back, and my 
butt.
    
    Then I felt Blaine step up behind me and start caressing me 
as well.  I shuddered as I felt his tongue trace the lines of my 
spine and lap playfully at the backs of my ears.  By this time I had 
my hands down Jon's shorts and was squeezing his stiffening cock.  
All three of us moaned through either full or otherwise occupied 
mouths.  I began to leave the moist confines of Jon's mouth and 
explore the different textures of his rough cheeks, his baby-soft 
earlobes, and the smooth, sensitive skin of his neck.  
    
    I paused to peel off my sweat-soaked shorts which were so 
baggy that even with my hiking boots on I was able to step out of 
them and kick them to the side.  Underneath I was wearing a regular 
pair of BVD jockey shorts which were already tented with the force 
of my erection.  I resumed my wonderful foreplay with Jon while 
Blaine reached around my chest and fondled my package.  Blaine 
slipped his soft hands beneath the waistband of my underwear and 
caressed the head of my penis.  He worked his way down to my balls 
and did his best to finger my taut asshole.

    Jon then paused his action as well and slipped off his shorts.  
It took him a little longer since he had to remove his shoes as 
well.  I was thrilled to see that Jon was not wearing underwear at 
all.  It was a detail that I had not noticed when we were sizing 
each other up at the urinals.  While Jon was disrobing I turned to 
Blaine who was still stimulating me with his masterful hands.

    I noticed that Blaine still wore his shorts so I began to take 
them off him while kissing him all over.  Blaine was wearing 
underwear, thin cotton boxer shorts to be exact.  I slid his shorts 
all the way down to his ankles, pausing to playfully nibble at his 
penis where it protruded from the fabric of his underwear.  With a 
little difficulty, we were able to get his shorts over his shoes.

    Then with the tree of us either naked or in our underwear we 
resumed foreplay.  I especially enjoyed the creative possibilities 
of stimulating and being stimulated by two men at once.  The three 
of us quickly discovered what turned each other on the most.  Since 
Blaine and Jon were apparently already very familiar with each 
others' erogenous zones the most fun came from me discovering them 
myself.  

    It seems that the blond most enjoyed a tongue in his ear and 
that the brown haired boy got the biggest kick out of having his 
nipples sucked and gently bitten.  When they heard the loudest moans 
coming from me when my stomach was licked they fought over who would 
be the one to lick me.

    Eventually all three of us ended up lying on the floor reveling 
in the extacy of our sexual play.  I got to the point that I could 
stand it no more and began to suck Jon's dick.  Without his 
underwear on I was able to get right down to business.  I crouched 
between his legs as he lay on his back.  The cold hard tile of the 
bathroom floor hurt my knees a little but I was much too engrossed 
in the task that stood before me to care.  I began by firmly 
licking his belly button, letting my tung probe deeply into the 
taught, salty hole.  As I was doing this, soft moans of pleasure 
escaped his throat and I felt the underside of his very firm penis 
rubbing on my neck.

    I then began to move lower.  I gently kissed the head of his 
magnificent penis and caressed it's throbbing length.  Not wanting 
to cheat Jon by giving him too short a blowjob, I left his penis and 
moved lower again.  By lying flat on my stomach, I was able to lick 
him beneath his balls in the sensitive spot right between his legs.  
I probed deeper and deeper, almost tasting his asshole and 
definitely smelling the heady, musky scent of his sweat and his 
asshole.  

    Jon almost writhed in pleasure as I did this.  I looked up 
briefly and saw that Blaine was almost straddling him, kissing and 
licking all over his body.  By this time Blaine had somehow wiggled 
out of his boxers leaving everyone but me totally naked.  
    
    Jon lifted his legs to allow me better access and I left the area 
between his legs to work on his balls.  I gently licked his scrotum 
and pinched it between my pursed lips.  I gently drew one testicle 
into my mouth and massaged it with my tongue.  All the while I was 
doing my best with my hands to pleasure him even more.  I stroked his 
abdomen and his legs and often bumped into Blaines groping hands in 
the process.

    Finally I began to suck Jon's dick.  I began by running my 
tongue up the length of his penis on it's underside, feeling the 
soft tissue of his urethra collapse under the pressure of my 
tongue.  I proceed to moisten the entire shaft of his penis.  I was 
thrilled by the wonderful taste of his cock, it was so alluring and 
so masculine yet almost sweet to my sex-crazed tongue and mouth.  

    By this time Jon's huge penis was leaking precum a little.  I 
wiped some of it off on the thumb of my right hand and began to 
massage the head of his penis with it.  I lowered my head and 
flicked my tongue over the slit on the head of his dick.  I tasted 
the sweet, watery precum and it caused me only to hunger for more.  
My tongue slowly circled the crown on his penis, traveling 
sensuously over the most erotic parts of his flesh.  He attempted to 
moan but was muffled since his mouth and Blaine's were locked 
together in a deep, passionate kiss.

    I then put the head of Jon's penis into my mouth and firmly 
licked it with my warm, moist tongue.  I then began to move my head 
up and down, forcing Jon's stiff penis deep into my throat.  I felt 
his body pitch and heave, his hips thrusting upwards in time with my 
mouth.  My tongue was working madly on the head of his penis and 
trying to keep up with the frenzied motion of our bodies moving in 
unison.

    Jon's thrusting quickened and became more erratic and I knew that 
he would soon have his orgasm.  Suddenly he wiggled free of Blaine's 
mouth long enough to say to me "I'm going to come!  Don't stop, 
don't stop!  Nnnnnaugh!"  With that the head of his penis suddenly 
expanded and he began shooting his semen into my mouth.  As he was 
shooting off, his hips jerked spastically and his breathing was so 
heavy that he was practically screaming.

    My mouth was filled with his seed and I began swallowing it.  As 
his orgasm was ending, I began sucking hard on his dick, draining 
all of his semen.  Jon exhaled mightily and lay still.  I continued 
to suck his dick and then when I knew that his orgasm had completely 
stopped, I took his penis out of my mouth.  I massaged his wet and 
softening penis with my hands.  "Stay right there, man." I said 
"Don't you move a muscle...just relax."  Then I went to one of the 
sinks, took a paper towel from the dispenser and wetted it with hot 
water.  I returned to Jon and gently wiped off his now soft penis 
and his scrotum with the paper towel.

    "Oooh, that was wonderful," whispered Jon in post-orgasmic 
bliss.  "You're as good to me as Blaine is and that's pretty damn 
good."

    "Thanks," I replied "although I must admit that I'm somewhat of 
an armature in comparison with some people."

    "That's alright," replied Jon.  "We've got to learn it somehow."

    "As for me," said Blaine, now sitting Indian-style on the floor 
"I don't enjoy blowjobs as much as I enjoy getting fucked."

    "Wow," I replied "doesn't that cause some problems for the two 
of you?"

    "Not really." said Jon, still lying on the floor.  "What we 
usually do is take turns.  I get sucked on every other day and 
Blaine gets fucked in between."

    "Yeah," Blaine quipped in.  "And on the days that I get fucked I 
either get sucked too or I just beat off."

    "Well," I said, standing up and heading for my shorts, discarded 
on the floor, "you're in luck tonight, Blaine, because I just happen 
to have a couple of fresh condoms in my wallet."

    "Alright!" screamed Blaine.  "I was really hoping you'd want to 
fuck me.  And I know that Jon won't mind."

    "Nope." replied Jon, still almost asleep on the floor, "As a 
matter of fact, I once invited an old friend of mine over just so 
that he could fuck Blaine.  Remember that night, man?"

    "Ah yes," said Blaine as he got up off the floor and stretched 
his legs "that was my first threesome.  But God he had a tiny dick, 
didn't he?"

    "Yeah," said Jon "I'd forgotten how small he was.  Too bad."

    I broke into their conversation, anxious to get my cock into 
Blaine's beautiful ass.  "So, Blaine, how do you want it?  On the 
floor?"

    "Actually," he responded "I think that this countertop will 
work just fine."  With that, he grasped me by the hips and moved me 
over to the counter.  He was delighted to see that the restroom 
counter top wasn't very high and ended a few inches below my 
crotch.  "Perfect!" he exclaimed.  And with that he hopped up on the 
counter between two of the sinks and scooted his back to the 
mirror.  He then made sure that his ass was hanging over the edge of 
the counter, grabbed his legs and lifted them over his head.

    By this time I had already unwrapped one of the condoms from my 
wallet and had carefully slid it over my erect penis.  I eagerly 
stepped up to Blaine and was awestruck by the wonderful sight of his 
asshole beckoning to me.  He rested his feet on my shoulders and I 
began to finger his asshole with my right hand.  His sphincters gave 
away easily to first one then two and finally three fingers.  When I 
was satisfied that he was loose enough to not be in too much pain 
when I penetrated him, I lubed up my sheathed cock with spit and 
liberally applied some to his hole as well.

    "You ready?" I asked him when I was poised and ready to enter 
him.

    "Sure!" he confidently replied.  "Don't worry about hurting me, 
I'm used to it."

    "Alright," I responded "here it comes, man!"  And with that, I 
positioned my cock right on top of his asshole with my hand and 
slowly pushed it in.  To my mind there should have been a nice 
little "plop" sound when the head of my engorged penis entered him 
but there was only a very satisfied moan from my partner.  Pushing 
harder, I found that my cock sank to the hilt into his butt with 
remarkable ease but at the same time his ass was not so loose as to 
not provide enough friction for a good fuck.

    When I'd completely entered once I started to thrust.  First I 
made short thrusts with my cock buried deep inside him.  As the 
stimulation began getting to me, I was making very long, deep 
trusts.  As I was working over his asshole, Blaine was fondling his 
dick at first but soon began to pump it in time with my thrusts.  

    All the while Jon was sitting on the floor to the right of us and 
apparently enjoying a good show.  I noticed once that although I'd 
given him a really great blowjob that his penis was beginning to 
erect again and that he was languidly stroking himself as he watched 
me fuck his lover.

    I began to thrust with more force and speed into Blaine's 
asshole.  I was surprised at what good leverage I had since he was 
sitting on the countertop.  I'd tried before to fuck guys in a 
similar position but they were always either too high or too low off 
the floor.  To help me fuck with better force, I reached around 
Blaine's hips and grabbed his sides.  When I would push my dick into 
his ass, I would pull him toward me with my arms.  This caused his 
whole body to jolt with the force of my thrusting.  I loved the way 
his firm ass quaked when I rammed into it with my hips.

    The stimulation was quickly overcoming me and I felt the 
familiar and very welcome stirrings of a powerful orgasm begin in 
my balls and my dick.  As extacy overcame my body, I threw my head 
back, and thrusted even more quickly.  My breath was coming only in 
short gasps and I was making noise when I exhaled.  "Uuh...Uuh...
Uuh...Uuh..." was all I could vocalize as my mind was overcome by 
the power such a good fuck.

    Soon I felt the hot semen racing toward the end of my penis as 
white hot jolts of pure extacy washed over my entire body.  My hips 
jerked spastically and every muscle in my body shuddered.  I emptied 
my come in many long, powerful spurts as my body stood rigid and 
trembling in the throes of my orgasm!

    When the orgasm began to die down after what seemed to me to be 
several long and intense minutes, I looked down at Blaine to see 
that he too had achieved release.  His semen was pooled in the 
middle of his stomach, splattered on his chest, and hanging from his 
beautiful blond hair.

    Both of us were still breathing heavily and feeling the mild 
aftershocks of our orgasms.  When I'd regained some level of 
composure and my breathing returned to normal, I carefully removed 
my now softening dick from Blaine's asshole.  I was very pleased to 
see that the condom I was wearing had not ruptured from the force of 
my thrusting nor from the volume of my orgasm.  The semen captured 
in the latex sheath had far exceeded the capacity of the puny 
"reservoir tip" and was pooled all along the length of my penis.

    I walked to one of the toilets nearby, and carefully removed the 
condom, dropped it into the bowl and wiped off my dick with some 
cheap toilet paper.  When I was fairly cleaned up I dropped the 
paper in as well and flushed.  I returned to the counter to find 
that Blaine had cleaned himself up as well and that he and Jon were 
now dressing themselves.  I followed suit and within a minute we all 
had our clothes on.  
    
    "Shall we leave?" asked Jon, "I don't think the concert is over 
yet, maybe we can still catch the last few songs."

    "Yeah," I replied, "but why don't the three of us go out and 
have a couple of drinks after the concert is over.  I know a great 
little Gay bar that isn't very far from here."

    "Sure!" Jon said. "I really could go for a beer right now."

    "Me too." added Blaine "And maybe a rum and Coke."

    Jon walked to the door with the two of us not far behind.  He 
undid the deadbolt lock and we all walked through the door calmly 
into the hall of the convention center.  We left the restroom just 
in time to hear the lead singer of the band yell out.  "You've been 
a great crowd, everybody...goodnight!"  And suddenly great rivers of 
humanity erupted from every door to the auditorium and we had to act 
quickly so as not to get trampled or separated.  

    The three of us went out to the parking lot and found our cars.  
I followed Blaine and Jon to the bar we'd spoken of and that night 
we proceeded to get pretty drunk and get to know each other very 
well.  Since then we've become very good friends.  

    Now Jon and Blaine are living together and have a wonderful 
relationship that has been totally monogamous since our little 
threesome at the rock concert.  My lover (whom I met through Jon) 
and I often do things with our good friends and enjoy their company 
almost as much as each others'.  Now all four of us go to every 
rock concert we can and sometimes are known to have a little action 
in the restrooms when the band isn't so hot.
