 Connie attended an very formal all girls' school, so formal
in fact that her instructors would allow only refer to her as
"Constance".

 There were no boys -- boys were distractions -- but alas,
Connie, or rather, Constance, was so free spirited that she
found distractions in plenty of other things. That is why on
this particular day, she sat outside the Headmistress' office,
looking forlorn and fearful.

 She had acted up in class again, something that, for a
eighteen year-old girl at Walterman's School for Girls, was
unforgivable. Her white blouse and plaid knee-length skirt
barely took away from her innocent beauty: long, wavy black
hair and deep blue eyes. And Constance was quite mature,
physically, for her age.

 "Constance Forrester?" A maternal voice barked from the open
door.

 "Ma'am?", she said, trembling.

 "In here. Now." Constance gathered her books and purse and
walked into Miss Greer's office. Miss Greer, all 5'10 of her,
was standing next to her desk, tapping her fingers lightly on
the wide slab of polished mahogany. Her blonde hair was in a
bun, and her dress was black, fitting her smooth and shapely
body with tenacity. "Constance this is the second time you have
been cited for misbehavior in class. I will have no more of it.
This time, you will be punished. Come here."

 Constance walked gingerly to the headmistress, who pointed to
the desk.

 "Up", she said evenly.

 Constance glanced at her trying a pleading look that she knew
would be useless. She clambered onto the desk, awaiting Miss
Greer's next command.

 "On your hands and knees, dear."

 Constance's lovely black hair tumbled forward, surrounding her
face as she knelt forward on the desk. Miss Greer walked around
behind her and held the hem of Constance's  plaid skirt for a
moment.

 "Now, Constance, I hope you learn something from all this."
She slowly drew the skirt upward, laying it on Connie's back.
Her lower back and buttocks were completely exposed to the cool
air of the dark office. Miss Greer hooked a finger into the top
of the white cotton panties Constance was wearing.

 "Now, we won't be misbehaving in class again, I trust?"  "No,
ma'am." Constance said weakly. The blonde headmistress pulled
the panties down with one finger, stopping in midway down
Constance's round, smooth behind. Miss Greer's knuckle rested
lightly on Constance's anus.

 "I hope not" she said, sliding a hand in between Constance's
trembling thighs as she slid the panties down to her knees.
Miss Greer abruptly whipped her open palm into Constance's bare
left buttock, causing a muffled whimper. She slapped the other
buttock hard immediately, and Constance twitched, biting back a
moan.

 "Are you going to be a good girl, Constance?"

 "Yes, ma'am", Connie croaked, her behind burning. Miss Greer
brought her hand down again, harder this time, and a loud smack
reverberated off of the office walls.

 "Mmmph!" Connie squealed.  Miss Greer pulled Connie's
buttocks, which were now reddened with finger marks, apart
slightly and noticed a glistening on Connie's vaginal lips.

 She smiled, and reached out for a handful of Connie's black,
wavy hair. Pulling on the hair just enough to make Connie yelp,
she leaned forward, her breasts pushed against Connie's bare
ass.

 "Now, my little girl, do not embarrass me or this school
again, is that understood?"

 Connie's back arched as the headmistress pulled her hair back.
Tears were streaking her soft face and her panties held her
knees immobile.

 "Yes, ma'am. I'm sorry", she whimpered. Miss Greer sunk a
finger into Connie's wet sex, swabbing it around, teasing the
moist, glistening lips.

 Connie shivered in silence, head bowed forward again. Miss
Greer withdrew the lubricated finger and poised it at the crack
of Connie's ass.

 "Next time you misbehave will be worse", she said, and plunged
the red-nailed finger into Connie's tight
asshole. Connie body arched again, her head thrown back, mouth
open in mute surrender. Then, in a flood it came, a searing
orgasm that had Connie bucking and quaking under the blonde
head mistress' hands. Miss Greer slowly slid the finger from
Connie's rectum, reaching down to wipe it on Connie's panties.

 "Now, get dressed and cleaned up", she said briskly to Connie,
who was quivering in a heap on the desk, "and get back to
class. You have five minutes."

 Miss Greer took one last look at Connie's exposed hind
quarters, turned, and walked out the door.
