  The Conquest of Worf
  --------------------
  by John Green


 "Captain's personal log, stardate 47634.4.  After completing our mission 
to Del'ok V the crew finds itself with some free time on their hands as 
we await word of our next assignment.", Captain Picard said as he shifted 
in the chair in his ready room, "I sometimes wonder how the crew entertains
themselves during these lulls between missions..." 

 As Worf approached Holodeck Two he noticed that it was in use and let out
a Klingon curse under his breath.  He had been hoping to use his free time
to run through some of his martial arts programs and improve upon his
skills. As he got closer he noticed that Cmdr.  Riker was the current
occupant. "The Commander enjoys challenging workouts, perhaps I can talk
him into using one of mine. Then we can both make use of the Holodeck."
Worf thought to himself. 

 With his mind made up Worf signaled for the Holodeck to open and stepped
inside.  As the doors closed behind him and resolved into what appeared to
be the wall in a Greek colosseum he noticed that Cmdr. Riker wrestling
with another man.  He stepped back into the shadows to observe without
distracting him.  Riker's opponent had him pinned to the ground, but he
managed to twist his body causing them both to roll over.  Seizing the
advantage Riker pinned his opponent's shoulders.  Just then he looked up
and noticed Worf standing there watching. 

 "Freeze program." Riker said with a slight shortness of breath.  Standing
up he wiped his hands on the side of his legs as if by reflex and suddenly
discovering that it wasn't doing any good since he had been wrestling in
the nude.  Realizing his mistake he said, "Computer a towel please." After
it materialized he picked it up and started moping the sweat from his
body. 

 "Well Worf, want can I do for you?", Riker said with a grin on his face. 

 "I was wishing to use the holodeck to practice my skills and seeing that
you were already using it I thought I could interest you in sharing the
time." replied Worf with his standard deadpan delivery. 

 "I was just doing the same thing.  I use wrestling to help keep up my
hand-to-hand combat training.  Would you care to join me?"  he asked,
slowly wiping the towel across his hairy chest. 

 "I would, but why are you doing it in the nude?  Only Klingon children
wrestle without clothing.  It keeps those who have not yet learned honor
from sneaking weapons into the fight." Worf asked with a little bit of
disgust in his voice. 

 "Only the children?  Aren't their any adult Klingons without honor?" 
Riker questioned back. 

 "Unfortunately, yes, but with adult Klingons wrestling in the nude would
be inappropriate as we tend to get aroused by the joy of the fight.  So
after maturity we always wear clothes while wrestling."  Worf answered
while looking at the ground as if embarrassed by the reason. 

 As he continued to towel off Riker replied, "That is nothing to be
ashamed of Worf.  It happens to humans as well.  But to answer your
question, wrestling in the nude is an old tradition on earth.  Dating back
to the Greeks and possible well before them.  Probably for the same
reason, to keep weapons out of the fight.  I wrestle in the nude partly to
keep that tradition alive, but also because I find that without clothes to
grab a hold of and having to deal with the slickness of sweaty skin you
must improve your technique if you want to win." 

 "That sounds reasonable." Worf responded back to his usual deadpan. 

 After an awkward pause Riker said, "Well, do you want to join me, or are
you just going to stand there and watch?" 

 "I will join you.  But you have to promise not to become upset if I
should get aroused." Worf said again looking down as if ashamed. 

 With an even bigger grin on his face Riker said, "I promise.  You also
have to promise not to get upset if I get aroused." 

 "Agreed." Worf said with a tight smile growing on his face.  Riker's grin
was becoming infectious. 

 As Worf began to disrobe Riker turned around and said, "Computer, reset
program and remove opponent."  Riker's nude opponent disappeared and the
ground in the center of the ring tidied itself at his command.  Worf was
bend over removing his underwear from his leg as Riker turned back around.
When he stood erect Riker got a good look at what Worf had between his
legs. His grin got even bigger as he said, "After seeing you this way I
don't know if I can keep my promise if you get aroused."  Worf's penis was
huge, at least eight inches long soft with a number of bumps running down
the shaft to match the ridges on his forehead and spine.  "Now I see why
Deanna is interested in him.  And I don't blame her." Riker thought to
himself. 

 "I could leave if you don't believe you can keep with our agreement." 
Worf said, again looking a little embarrassed. 

 "No don't, I was only joking." Riker said with his grin some how getting
even larger. 

 "Very well, let us begin."  Worf said as he started walking towards the
center of the ring. 

 Getting down on all fours Riker instructed Worf to get on his knees
behind him, bend over and circle his arms around his mid-section.  As he
did so Riker could fill Worf's penis rubbing up against his buttock,
causing a tingle to develop in his groin.  "Ok, we start on my mark." 
Riker said. 

 Waiting as long as he dared to enjoy the feeling of Worf's cock rubbing
against him Riker suddenly said, "Go!" 

 Worf immediately hugged Riker tightly and rolled to his right trying to
throw him off balance.  Riker threw out his arms to stop the roll and
ended up on top with his butt pressed against Worf's stomach.  Spinning
around he managed to break Worf's iron like grip his from mid-section. 
Flipping over he tried to position himself so that he could lean over Worf
and pin his shoulder down using his knees. 

 Worf anticipated the move and flipped them over just as Riker was getting
into what would be called a 69 position.  With a thud Riker landed up on
is back with Worf straddled over him face to crotch.  Worf's thickening
cock was now hanging in his face.  That caused Riker's groin to tingle
more and his cock started harding to its full nine inches. 

 Struggling before Worf could pin his shoulders.  He then got his body
rotated around so that they were face to face. Worf lowered his body down
trying to use his weight to pin Riker.  That caused them to make contact
at the crotch. Riker could feel that Worf was totally erect at this point
as his penis rubbed up against his own totally hardened cock. 

 Worf slide further up Riker's body in an attempt to get his legs around
him and pin him.  As he did do so, Riker's cock slid across Worf's buns
eased by a coating of pre-cum.  Riker also noticed droplets of pre-cum
dripping from the end of Worf's cock and matting the hair on his stomach
as it landed. Enjoying the feeling, but not wanting it to end yet he used
all his strength to roll the two of them over. 

 Twisting to avoid the leg lock Worf was trying to get on him he managed
to to get his knees up on Worf's thighs.  As Riker spread his legs out so
they would slip down and he could get a leg lock on Worf, his ass pressed
down on the base of Worf's cock.  He then reached up to use his hands in
an attempt to pin Worf's shoulders.  While doing so his sensitive anus
started sliding up the length of that massive Klingon penis tingling with
pleasure every time it ran over one of the bumps and throwing his
concentration off. 

 Sensing Riker's lack of focus Worf flipped him over and slid up the
length of Riker's body so that he could use his knees to pinned his
shoulders to the ground.  Doing so place him a little off balance and he
had to lean forward with his arms on the ground for support.  Looking up
Riker noticed that this position placed all fifteen inches of Worf's cock
right in his face.  It was glistening with all the sweat and pre-cum that
had dripped down the shaft. Seeing his advantage Riker reached his chin up
and began stroking Worf's cock with is beard.  It had the desired effect. 
With a growl of an intensity that almost frightened him Worf sat up on
Riker's chest and started squirting load after load of cum into the air. 
Some of it landing several feet away and most of it arching up and hitting
Riker in the face. 

 All of this was too much for Riker and he felt his balls start to tighten
up. He grunted and began spraying cum from his own cock with a force that
caused most of it to hit Worf in the back and drip down. 

 He and Worf just stayed there for a moment panting and allowing
themselves to relax after the intensity of it all. 

 Worf said, "Computer towels." as he started to climb off of Riker. 

 When Worf went to pick up the towels Riker muttered, "I'm glad Deanna and

I have an open relationship.  Because it looks like we're going to be
sharing Worf." 

 "What did you say Sir?" Worf asked. 

 "Just that next time I'm going to have to explain the rules for 'Winner
Takes All' to you."  His grin got even bigger as he thought "And I'm going
to make sure you win..." 
