Archive-name: 3plus/consult.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Computer Consultant


     It began one day at a little place I used to work at, just after I
     had gotten into the computer consulting business. It was a small
     shop with about ten people that did typical office work, mostly
     typing. A woman named Margaret managed it for a guy who let her
     run things pretty much however she wanted as long as she kept
     costs to a minimum.  That meant hiring mostly young girls, whom
     she could pay peanuts, to crank out the paperwork along with a
     couple of men to do the real work - like operating and maintaining
     the computers.

     I had increased the efficiency of the place tenfold by installing
     a microcomputer network to handle their wordprocessing chores.  I
     set 'em up with a 386 clone and a 100 meg hard disk as the server
     running the ever-popular N network with about half a dozen XTs as
     stations. Margaret was both thrilled and thankful for my effort. 
     After the installation of the hard and soft wares I was called
     back only for repairs, program updating and new employee training. 
     The girls were very computer illiterate, as most women are, and I
     really had my hands full training them.  I could almost hear their
     disk heads grinding against the platters every time one of them
     began randomly pushing keys in panic.

     Still, due to my expertise, Margaret had a nice, tight little
     operation going. Two girls, Lisa and Linda, labored full-time and
     her two daughters, Diane and Daphne, worked part-time.  There was
     also one full-time male computer operator, Jeff.  And that was it. 

     I went on consulting status and Margaret was able to save money by
     using me only when she needed support, which was on a fairly
     spotty basis, but pretty often.  I still don't know whether to
     thank God or Satan that she needed me that day.  Maybe I should
     thank them both.
     
     Here is a brief description of the employees.

     LISA - Nineteen years old, just out of high school and with no
     intention of going any further, she was the stuff of men's dreams.
     She stood 5'4" and weighed in at around 120 pounds; a little on
     the fleshy side, but in all the right places.  Her hair was brown
     and wavy and fell to the middle of her back which arched down to
     one of those butts a man would give anything to squeeze; a long,
     deep crack between round, bulging white globes that stuck way out
     and jiggled slightly when she walked.  A pouty little mouth was
     planted in the middle of her rosy, apple-cheeked face.  Her plump
     lips were painted a deep, wet shade of red and she wore
     rose-tinted glasses over deep-brown doe eyes.  Topping this off
     was a pair of 48EEE tits with nipples that were, unbelievably,
     half an inch across and poked out about the same length from her
     tight sweaters when they were hard.  A generous layer of baby fat
     still cushioned her low-slung hips.  Jutting out from a nicely
     padded middle, they flanked a soft, round, slightly-raised little
     belly.  In other words a sweet, young, juicy, wet-dream put on
     this earth for only one reason - Man's pleasure.

     DAPHNE - The manager's older daughter.  Also nineteen, she was
     more like the girl next door, but with some important differences. 
     She stood maybe an inch or two taller than Lisa and was skinnier,
     almost thin.  Her short, curly brown hair framed one of those cute
     little cheerleader-type faces in the middle of which was planted a
     set of full, wide lips.  All of her weight seemed to have gone
     straight to her tits and ass because they sure jutted out nicely
     in both directions from that thin frame; bottom heavy and top
     heavy at the same time, if you know what I mean.  Her tits were
     the kind that are full and heavy on the bottom and sort of slope
     down from the top; real hangers.  She always wore these hanging
     blouses with no bra and her sloping tits made them hang way out in
     front of her.  I could see right through to her big, spongy
     nipples.  Her ass was the real treasure, though.  I had seen this
     kind on only one or two other girls in many years of watching and
     I doubt that many of you will know what I'm talking about when I
     describe it because it is so rare.  It starts lower down on the
     back than on most women and builds downward and out toward the
     rear into huge, meaty cheeks that seem to blend right into the
     legs and end just above the knee.  It was as if her upper legs
     were one huge pair of ass sponges.  (You see, I said you wouldn't
     know what I was talking about, but I hope you can picture it now). 
     If Lisa was a wet dream, Daphne was a deliciously gross fantasy. 
     She seemed kind of innocent, but I sensed something else lying
     underneath all of that.

     LINDA - Linda was the one girl who didn't seem to fit in with the    
     others at this place.  First, she looked quite a bit older than
     the other girls although she was actually only twenty.  And
     second, she was built differently.  She was the tallest one in the
     place at 5'9" or 5'10"; an inch or two taller than me and she was
     big; maybe 180 or 190 pounds.  She was definitely approaching fat,
     but I would describe her more as chunky and fully packed.  Big,
     bulging legs anchored a rotund upper body from which hung two
     beefy arms.  Her rump cheeks were wide and fat and rode high up on
     her hips.  For a big girl her tits weren't anything to speak of,
     actually just a pretty nice medium set.  She had some acne on a
     round face from which hung straight, short, very blond hair.  Her
     clothes were different too.  While all the other girls in the
     office usually wore some sort of blouse and skirt, Linda was
     always in tight jeans and t-shirts.  But the thing that really got
     me was the look on her face.  Not when she was with the other
     girls, who she seemed to get along with, but when she was alone.
     I'll never forget that blank, almost obscene stare.

     MARGARET - The manager.  She was about 38 years old with fiery
     orange-red hair like her daughter Diane.  Although I could see she
     was starting to go downhill, she was still in pretty good shape
     for her age.  She must have worked out some because there wasn't
     an ounce of fat on her angular torso and her pretty face was still
     tight and smooth.  But all that excersize had pulled everything in
     hard and tight.  There were no soft woman parts hanging out. 
     Small ass, small chest, hard mouth.  It just wasn't for me.  I
     prefer the young, fleshy bulging stuff I saw on the other girls. 
     But I liked Margaret and had many good talks with her.  She seemed
     like your typical middle-aged housewife; a little on the naive
     side, but nice.
    
     JEFF - The only full-time male employee, Jeff was about the same
     age as the others.  He was on the skinny side, about medium height    
     and already going slightly bald at his young age.  He seemed not    
     to take the slightest interest in any of the girls, except maybe    
     Margaret's eighteen year old daughter Diane, being more into his
     work than anything else.  He seemed to me like any ordinary
     american teenager approaching manhood and I got along well with
     him.

     DIANE - Diane was the manager's younger daughter who I had seen
     Jeff gazing at and I didn't blame him.  She was something to stare
     at.  Bright red hair like her mother's swirled down around her
     freckled face.  It wasn't dyed red either and it was exciting to
     think that all her other hair was the same color.  Hotpants-pink
     lipstick coated her protruding young lips.  She had just turned
     eighteen and was barely into womanhood, but one could see that she
     was developing fast.  She had the same height as Daphne, but
     wasn't quite as big up front.  Her budding little tits were like
     creamy cupcakes with ripe cherries stuck on top.  The saliva
     pumped into my mouth at thought of licking them and also feeling
     her little butt, which was still forming.  It hadn't quite plumped
     out yet, but the parts by the crack were sticking way out.  It
     made me want to cup one mound in each hand, my fingers meeting in
     that deep slot, and squeeze.  She was a little tease, too young
     and innocent to know what she was doing to me (and Jeff).

     THE BOSS - I had never met the guy who owned the place, Gene was
     his name, but I heard he was in his early forties and sometimes
     paid a visit to his offices.  I looked forward to meeting him
     someday.

     ME - I'll be your narrator for what happened on that incredible    
     day; your eyes, ears, hands and any other thing you can imagine.     
     Call me... Roy.  Although I'm no great writer, I hope I can
     describe it well enough to allow you to become part of the action. 
     For that to work you are going to have to believe and imagine that
     you were there.  It won't work if you just read the words.  I want
     you to take my place that day and imagine some women you know (or
     would like to know) being there too, taking the place of Lisa,
     Daphne and Diane.  Although it happened years ago, it still burns
     in my memory and, if your imagination can put you and your women
     into the action, I believe it will burn in yours too. 

     That day started out like any other.  Margaret had called me in to
     fix some equipment that the girls had wrecked for the umpteenth    
     time.  I was getting kind of bored with the routine, but I was
     more than glad to go in and get another drooling look at those
     girls.  I couldn't believe that hot young stuff like this really
     existed, let alone that I was close enough to touch them.  But
     they did exist.  And although I hadn't done anything, I didn't
     know how long I could hold out before I tried something for real.

     As soon as I walked in the door I knew this wasn't going to end up    
     like any ordinary day.  First, Margaret tells me that the boss is
     coming in for his first visit to our office and then I see Lisa
     standing in the main room with her back to me talking with Daphne. 
     It was winter but all she wore was a micro mini-skirt that barely
     covered the bottom of her butt.  Her tight thighs strained at the
     sheer material of the red pantyhose that covered her legs as she
     turned to say hello to me.  I almost dropped my toolbox when I saw
     her from the front.  She had on a tight red sweater that was
     bulging full of her heavy tits like I had never seen them before. 
     They jiggled slightly just from her turning and her nipples were
     so hard and big that I could see the little bumps standing out on
     them, even through the heavy material of the sweater.

     As she turned around again to resume her talk I started walking
     toward them to go into the computer room, my penis stiffening as I
     walked.  I had to kind of squeeze behind Lisa to get by.  I looked
     down and her butt mounds were bulging out so far that I couldn't
     even see the floor.  The sight was too much for me and as I went
     by, without caring if I got caught, I pushed my free hand up under
     the mini-skirt and squeezed one buttock, even forcing my thumb a
     little way into the crack.  The tights gave way as her ripe butt
     flesh squished between my fingers and the place where my thumb
     pushed the nylon into her crack felt hot and slippery.  I gave her
     cheek one more squeeze and moved on quickly, sweating a little at
     what I had just gotten away with.  How could anything so wrong
     feel so right!

     Lisa must have sensed that I was right behind her because, luckily    
     for me, she didn't even move when I felt her.  She could have    
     screamed or jumped or turned me in to the others, but she just    
     went on talking to Daphne like nothing had happened.  

     Needless to say, I was very relieved.  "The little bitch probably
     thought she was doing an old man a big favor by giving me that
     feel", I thought.  But it was sure worth the risk and I was hard
     as a rock as I went into the other room.  I sure didn't feel like
     working on some machine, but what else could I do.  Besides, I
     wanted to stick around as long as possible and maybe get another
     grab later on.

     I was still carrying Lisa's ass grease on my thumb as I entered    
     the other room, my body heat keeping it just as warm and oily    
     as when it was inside her.  I began to picture her walking by me,    
     those full, jiggling cheeks slipping and sliding against each
     other, lubricated by the stuff in the crack and I could barely
     stand it.  I bent my nose down to my thumb and sniffed.  To my
     surprise it didn't smell bad at all; kind of musky and perfumed. 
     If we were alone, I would have gone back out and butt fucked her
     on the spot, but I couldn't with all those people around, so I did
     the only thing I could think of to cool down until I could make my
     move.  Licking the oil from my thumb, I went to work.

     Besides the usual full-timers, Diane, Daphne and myself also
     happened to be working that day.  Linda was wearing her usual
     heavy denim jeans with t-shirt and was doing some reports in the
     back.  Jeff sat at his usual station at the desk in the equipment
     room.  Daphne had come dressed in jeans also; the soft, faded
     blue-denim material grossly stretched out in the rear by her
     bulging behind.  And she had on that loose blouse again, hanging
     way out over her melons.  Her nipple stalks were long and stiff
     due to the cold; so hard that she seemed to be in a little pain as
     I watched her talk to Lisa.  The sight made my mouth drool a
     little as I walked by.

     Diane stood in the report room next to Linda.  She had on one of
     those clinging, tight one-piece sweater-dress affairs that young
     stuff like her shouldn't wear.  The way it molded itself around
     her showed off all of her young sex parts as if she were naked.
     Her apple tits grew straight out from her ribcage, the little
     nipples riding high up on them and her tight buns with the jutting
     half-moons were snugly molded by the soft, fuzzy cotton cloth.  It
     had even tightened its way in between her legs in front so that I
     could clearly see the raised ridges of her rounded little pube
     sausages.  I imagined that peach-sized twat softly filling my
     hand; my middle finger sliding into her slot like a hotdog in a
     bun.  "Margaret shouldn't let her dress like this in public", I
     thought, but I wasn't about to complain.

     As I began going through the motions with the repair, I spotted
     Daphne entering the equipment room.  I was sitting on the floor,
     pretty well hidden behind an equipment rack by the small table and
     I gazed hungrily at her as she walked by; her ass cheeks jiggling
     violently under the thin denim of her jeans.  Jeff didn't even
     look at her, but I sure did as she grabbed her big rumps to adjust
     the panties which had ridden up deep into her crack.  Her hands
     nearly disappeared as they sunk into her soft, buttery butt flesh. 
     She rubbed and pulled the panties through the jeans until she had
     them properly stretched back over her basketballs and then
     wriggled over to the table.

     I had long since given up working and I gaped up with my mouth
     wide open as she stood right over me at the table.  Bending at the
     waist, appearing to read some paper, she gave me a wide open view
     of her bare tits through the bottom of the open, hanging blouse. 
     She must not have even know I was there because, after looking
     around to be sure no one else was in there, she slid her hands up
     under her blouse and hefted one of her big melons in each hand. 
     Squeezing and rubbing, the white breast flesh bulging out between
     her fingers, Daphne's mouth opened and she let out a low gutteral
     grunt.  "I knew there was something different about this girl", I
     thought as my left hand began to stroke my thickening dick through
     my pants.  As I gazed up, stroking a little faster now, Daphne
     moved her index fingers up and began rubbing her plump nipple
     sacks until they began to pucker and wrinkle.  Another series of
     soft moans were forced from her lips as her nipples began
     stiffening outward by themselves like little cock shafts.

     I picked up the pace of my jacking, not caring if she heard me or
     not at that point, when I saw her begin to rub and pinch those
     light-brown puckered nipples. Grunting and groaning freely now,
     but only loud enough for me to hear, Daphne began to quiver and
     shake slightly. I didn't think it was possible, but it looked like
     she was going to come just from fondling her tits and nipples!  I
     felt my balls start to tighten and a trickle of pre-cum stain my
     shorts in anticipation as I watched Daphne continue to
     self-pleasure her tits.

     We were both working furiously now. With thumb and forefinger
     Daphne was jerking off her nipples like they were a pair of stiff
     little dicks.  Her breasts had swelled to almost double their
     normal size and began flushing to a dull purple color.  They
     stretched the tit sacks so tight there was no jiggle in them
     anymore and they had grown four or five inches in length too. 
     They looked like the ends of monstrous, erect purple salamis
     sticking out of her chest.  Daphne had cupped as much as she could
     of those tight tubes with the remaining fingers of each hand and
     started jacking off her own tits!  She worked the skin back and
     forth in a hard, fast rhythm in time with the thumb-stroking of
     her nipple shafts; the swollen, purple breast meat sliding inside
     the tight, transluscent outer skin.     

     Although she was pumping at lightening speed now, I could see that
     her hands were working in unison, both sliding in and out at the
     same time over her jugs and nipples.  Her back was forced into an
     arch and with each stroke her whole upper body and neck jerked
     forward not three feet away from my awestruck face.  I looked up
     into her mouth which was held stretched open in a silent scream as
     she jerked off her tits.

     Her nostrils flared out and her face flushed a dull, blood red. 
     She had gotten some lubrication from a liquid that began seeping
     out of her nipple holes and her hands became a slippery, sliding
     blur as Daphne's tit climax overtook her.  Even as her her body
     became paralyzed in orgasm her hands continued to work.  As I
     stared in shock, her nipples came and began spurting their tit
     cream out in gushes, each stroke of her hands squeezing out a
     long, steady stream of milky cum-juice from each tit. At that
     moment I also exploded, filling my pants with more cum than I had
     every shot before, but it was no match for the waterfall flowing
     from Daphne's pumping boobs.

     As if they had a life of their own, they continued to pump out
     streams of tit-jism, gradually emptying their swollen sacs, while
     Daphne stood frozen like a statue in the grip of her orgasm.  
     The only other movement came from her throat which was spasming up
     and down trying to force air into her lungs, but even her
     breathing had ceased.  Her bulging, staring eyes and grossly
     distorted, open mouth showed me the terror inside of her; knowing
     she was running out of oxygen, out of life itself and yet also
     knowing she was powerless to voluntarily move a muscle.

     Her horror increased as she watched her hands continue on their
     own to squeeze out more and more; her tits beginning to wobble
     again after emptying out some of the pressure.  They must have
     pumped it out for 30 or 40 seconds!  Her fingers were so
     completely covered with the slime that each stroke filled the room
     with slippery, squelching, slurping noises.  Most of the stuff
     landed on the tabletop, but much of it streamed down onto my face
     and clothes.  I opened my mouth and tongue to it, drinking in the
     sweet white syrup even as my prick was pouring out its own juice
     into my lap. 

     As she began to come down I thought to myself, "No one has ever
     seen what you just have and nobody is ever likely to see it again. 
     And who would believe it, if I told them!".  Choking, gurgling
     noises woke me out of my stupor as I looked up at Daphne.  Gentle
     spasms racked her body from head to toe, like she was shivering in
     the cold, as the last of the cream oozed from her nipples.  It
     covered her tits, which had come down to their normal size and
     color.  Gooey, white masses of it hung and dripped from her
     fingers and nipples, which she still had hold of.  She gave one
     last shudder and appeared to come out of her trance, staring at
     her chest as if not knowing what she had done.  

     Somewhat ashamedly, she began to clean herself off (the bathroom
     wasn't in this room).  Using her fingers, she scooped up the still
     warm, thickening cream off of her breasts in several loads,
     licking and sucking it into her mouth each time and swallowing it
     down.  Her smacking lips made delicious squishing noises as she
     tried to swallow and clean the voluminous white goo off her
     tongue.  It had become thick enough that I could see her gagging a
     little as her throat muscles worked hard to move each lump of the
     stuff down.  She finished the job off by lifting each breast up to
     her mouth, suckling her fat nipples and licking the jelly clean. 
     She looked around, red-faced with embarrassment and, seeing that
     no one was around, began to go back out to work in the main
     office.

     Watching Daphne lick and clean herself off, I felt my dick begin
     rising again out of the cold puddle of cum that had accumulated in
     my pants.  I couldn't believe I could get hard again that fast,
     but she was that hot of a show.  I had begun lazily stroking my
     slimy pole again when, out of the corner of my eye, I spotted
     Linda's large form moving into the room.  Daphne must have spotted
     her too because she immediately let go of her boobs and tried to
     make a dash for the exit.  She had a frightened look on her face
     that I couldn't quite figure out as she tried to fly past Linda. 
     Even Jeff turned his head to look at this.  He crawled down next
     to me behind the table and whispered "Don't say anything and don't
     try to stop her.  Just watch and you'll get the show of your
     life".  After what I had just seen I couldn't figure out what he
     meant, but I watched and waited in anticipation.

     Daphne's breasts were bouncing violently as she ran for the door,
     blouse flying up over her head.  She had almost made it when Linda
     side-stepped neatly, grabbed one of Daphne's melons in mid-air
     with both hands and used it to yank her back into the room.  In
     the same motion the door was quietly flicked shut by an
     outstretched foot.

     I wondered how she could get away with this with nobody in the
     other rooms hearing, when in a flash Linda whipped a wad of cloth
     about the size of a rolled up pair of gym socks out her pants
     pocket and stuffed it forcefully into Daphne's wide open mouth,
     shutting off the scream that was forming there.  Daphne's cheeks
     began to puff outward as Linda used her fingers to push in more
     and more of the wad.  Daphne's lips, which had been kept painfully
     stretched open while Linda was pushing the socks in, collapsed
     around it after the whole thing had been forced in.

     The bulge immediately began soaking up her saliva and swelled up,
     completely filling Daphne's mouth and throat; allowing only the
     tiniest opening in back to breathe.  She could just get enough air
     in through her nose to keep herself alive if she concentrated on
     that; nevermind trying to spit out the ugly plug.  Her mouth was
     stuffed good and solid.  A couple of times, when her concentration
     slipped, I could hear her hacking up phelgm as the moist wool
     tickled her throat and the gag reflex took over.  I'm sure she was
     trying to scream, but only soft animal grunts got past the wet
     ball.  Her lips couldn't completely close over it, it was so
     swollen in her mouth by now. 

     "Jesus Christ!", I thought, "Linda must have come prepared for
     this.  There's no other reason for carrying such a thing in her
     pocket.  She must have done this before!".

     Linda pulled her inside using the tit for a handle.  Daphne
     stopped dead in her tracks as her boob stretched tight in the
     two-fisted grip.  She had no other choice than to follow along or
     have it yanked right out of the socket!  I wanted to help her, but
     I sensed that this was a ritual that had been performed before and
     that I should mind my own business.  Besides, I was still pretty
     worked up from before and this show was making me hard again
     despite the brutality.  In spite of my conscience I found my hand
     pulling a little faster now at the sight of Daphne's mouth bulging
     with that gag. 

     She tried to fight back, but it was no use.  Besides having to use
     most of her effort just to keep breathing, Daphne was no match for
     Linda's bulk.  Releasing one hand, Linda used the tit for leverage
     as she moved in from behind, twisting her victim around and
     forcing her to bend over the table by planting a foot in the back
     of Daphne's knees.  Jeff and I could now look up into Daphne's
     tear-streaked face.  She was sobbing openly; whimpering and
     trembling from the pain and humiliation that Linda was putting on
     her.  I felt sorry for her, but I was excited at the same time.  I
     unzipped my pants and released my stiffness into to my pumping
     fist as Jeff and I watched Linda take complete control.

     Her big belly pressed against those luscious butt cheeks pinning
     Daphne's waist against the table, chunky legs spread wide around
     Daphne's, clamping them together tightly at the knee.  There was
     no movement possible from the waist down.  I could see that
     Linda's tongue had flopped out between her lips and some saliva
     had started dribbling down her chin.  Her dull eyes were fixed
     with that obscene stare as she went to work up top.  Lifting the
     blouse up to the neck with one hand, she grabbed both of Daphne's
     wrists in the other meaty paw and forced her arms up in back,
     bending them at the elbows so that the hands met together up near
     the neck.  A look of sheer panic crossed Daphne's face as she
     realized her position, but Linda kept on with the precision of a
     surgeon.  Working the loose ends of the blouse, she bunched and
     twisted them until she had one fairly long braid with which she
     tied the wrists together tightly in back.  

     I began pumping rapidly at the sight.  Hidden only a few feet
     below I could see that Daphne was now completely secured, her own
     blouse-collar forming a tight halter around her neck; the other
     end stretching into a tight rope to cuff her wrists painfully in
     back of her neck.  Trying to move her arms brought instant choking
     from the collar and any movement of the head, except to stretch it
     backwards, pulled painfully on arms already bent to the breaking
     point.  My breathing started coming in gasps as I kept up a
     steady, rapid jacking with my fist, the other hand massaging my
     contracting balls.  Linda had her tamed and didn't appear to be in
     any hurry.  I couldn't wait to see what would happen next.

     In her right fist Linda grabbed both of daphne's slim wrists at
     the point they were tied and wrapped her fingers up around the
     blouse-rope going to the neck.  It was ingenious and evil at the
     same time.  Just using the one hand to pull on the rope and
     wrists, Linda could force Daphne's upper body into any position
     she wanted by various combinations of neck chokes and shoulder
     pain.  For now she kept her bent over about halfway down to the
     table; tits, still shiny wet from her earlier licking, hanging
     down heavily; dull white cloth swelling out of the O formed by her
     partially closed lips.

     With her free left hand Linda began unbuttoning Daphne's jeans. 
     The whimpering stopped and a new look came over Daphne's face as
     she struggled to no avail against Linda's invading fingers.  It
     was no use.  The blouse harness was working perfectly and the
     other girl's big tree trunk legs had hers locked tightly below. 
     The tears started flowing again as Daphne realized the
     helplessness of her position.  

     Linda had deftly worked Daphne's fly open and, with one swipe of
     her huge hand, ripped the jeans down to her knees.  Daphne's huge,
     pantied, jiggly behinds spilled out all over the place.  They
     sprung back up hard, as the jean cloth released them, as if
     attached to springs at the back of her waist.  They ballooned back
     down again, the bottom ends of the humps actually bulging below
     her knees on their way down, before springing back up again.  They
     were like those slinky toys I used play with as a kid.  

     Boinga...Boinga....Boinga....  They had gotten out of sync on the
     release, one fleshy mound on the way down bulging past the other
     one on the way up; one agitating the other into more violent
     jiggling each time they slid past each other.  We all stared
     mezmerized as they bounced up and down, slowing down a little on
     each pass, until they finally rumbled to halt after a full ten
     seconds.  

     Daphne's pants must have been holding her buttocks in a little
     because they were larger than anything I had imagined when staring
     at them through the jean cloth.  They WERE the size of basketballs
     at the bottom.  They were encased in sheer, stretchy pink panties
     that were normal in front; snuggly stretched over her brown, 
     well-padded twat; but the pouch in back was the size of a grocery
     bag!  The upper half of the thick cylinders were plumped out with
     flesh that jiggled at the slighest touch all the way up the thick
     slope to her waist.  There was no space between her upper legs;
     only one long ass crack that looked a little raw from the sliding
     friction when Linda had released them.  

     Linda now had those buttocks out in the air exposed to herself.  A
     little life even came into her dull, half-exposed eyes for a
     moment as she looked down at them sagging and straining that huge, 
     pink panty-sack to the breaking point.  As I continued to pump
     myself, Linda sunk her hand into one butt cheek and began to work
     on it through the panties.  Kneading and massaging, her strong fat
     fingers repeatedly clenched closed, squishing Daphne's panties and
     flesh out between them, and then released; butt jello jiggling
     back into place.  Daphne's look had changed again.  It wasn't
     anything near pleasure, but I could tell that Linda's fondling
     hand was forcing her to heat up in spite of herself.

     Tightening her strain on Daphne's tether, Linda forced her to bend
     farther over the table.  With her butt hand she grabbed the
     elastic band of one leg of the large panties and pulled it back
     about six inches, bringing it out and over the cheek.  When she
     let go, it snapped back into Daphne like a firecracker going off;
     sending her rubbery ass wobbling up and down the length of her.
     Despite her gag-stuffed mouth Daphne let out a loud muffled cry as
     the panties snapped back in the middle of her rump exposing the
     bottom of one cheek to the air.  Linda repeated the process on the
     other side, this time pulling the panty-leg back a foot.  Another,
     louder groan poured from Daphne's gag.

     Both of Daphne's behinds were now exposed at the bottom, showing
     the whole bottom half of each white, fleshy mound; the rest of her
     bottom still tightly filling the underpants.  Linda's hand found
     the now slack bottoms of the panty-bag where they had been pulled
     up.  Twisting them like she had done to the blouse, she formed
     about a six inch length of thick, rope-like panty material. 
     Forcing it under the taut upper half of Daphne's underpants, Linda
     pushed it deep into the crack.  The full six inches sunk in
     without even reaching Daphne's butthole, but Linda didn't care
     about that.  She must have known from before that Daphne's ass
     crack was as sensitive as the hole itself and began driving the
     thick rod of pink material in and out with her hand.  Somehow she
     knew how to twist it so it was as hard a man's cock because it
     went in and out of Daphne's ass slot with ease.

     Holding it in her fist by the end attached to the rest of Daphne's
     panties, Linda stretched the end around until it looked like it
     was a cock growing out of her groin, her hand on the base.  She
     began a slow grinding with her wide, chunky hips; matching the
     rhythm of the panty-cock as it slid in and out of Daphne,
     butt-fucking her ass-crack like a man would.  All the while,
     Daphne was kept bent far over the table with the neck and arm
     brace.  She was breathing faster now, nostrils flaring in and out
     with the effort; a muffled stream of moans and groans pouring from
     the gag.  I couldn't believe my eyes.  She was going to get off
     being force-fucked in the rear end by another girl with a dildo
     made from part of her own panties, half of which she was still
     wearing!  She began jerking her hips backward to meet Linda's
     inward thrusts and her tits began to swell again without any help
     from her hands this time; erect nipples already a hard deep brown.

     I had nearly forgotten about my own dick.  My hand had been
     jerking like crazy for the past few minutes and my cock was
     straining to blast, painfully hard in my hand.  But I couldn't let
     myself go yet.  Linda was picking up the pace and I wanted to be
     around for the finish.

     Planting one of her big shoes, Linda forced Daphne to bend in at
     the knees.  Her rump jutted out farther, giving Linda an even
     better angle.  Her powerful hips began snapping it in.  The pink
     rod had actually become thicker and harder, soaking up the oily
     secretions from Daphne's asshole which were lubricating her butt. 
     Whipping her thrusting hips savagely, Linda let go of the dildo
     and leash, the twitching Daphne no longer needing to be
     controlled, and rammed her hands down the front of the panties.  

     Through the sheer material I saw Linda's hands go down on Daphne's
     mound.  Cupping it from the top in one palm, she parted the
     engorged brick-red outer lips with two fingers and split the gushy
     inner cunt lips in two with three fingers of her other hand. 
     Daphne nearly jumped out of her skin as Linda's fingers went to
     work inside of her, but somehow she managed to maintain her
     position.  She continued to hold her upper body over the table,
     bending at the waist, her face grossly stretched out toward the
     front by the tight blouse-choker fastened to her wrists in back. 
     Her tits had tightened themselves again into dull purple sausages;
     the nipples already beginning to leak fluid.  I don't know how she
     did it.  Maybe she was already beginning to feel the paralysis
     that was coming.

     Linda was still fucking her butt hard from the rear without
     holding on at all.  The straps of panty material attached to the
     part still on Daphne's upper ass were holding the thick, greasy
     panty-rope inside.  Every backward thrust of her ass cheeks forced
     it out of the slot and every forward crack of Linda's hips drove
     it back in, in the process forcing Daphne's cunt forward to
     self-fuck on her fat fingers.  A heavy slapping rhythm filled the
     room from Linda's big, lardy stomach slamming into Daphne's
     jiggling jelly buns.

     Whap! Whap! Whap! Whump! Blat! Blat! Blat! Whomp! Whack! Whack!

     I was getting off on those sounds alone!

     Linda's three fingers were a flickering, tickling windmill inside
     Daphne's vagina causing her to sling her butt-bags with even
     greater fury onto Linda's pumping dildo.  They were banging so
     hard and fast that Daphne's butt-grease began turning into a hot,
     tan foam that began bubbling out from under the remains of her
     panties.  Linda suddenly jerked up on the swollen mons in her hand
     and Daphne's grey pre-cum juice flooded onto it.  I now heard
     slicking noises from the foamy dildo in back and slurping 
     sounds from the sliding hand in front intermixed with the
     butt-slapping and Daphne's groaning.  It was too much for me!
     I knew she was about to orgasm like never before!  I couldn't miss
     it!       
     
     Without thinking I hopped up onto the table.  I got onto my knees
     in front of Daphne's flushed, upturned, straining face; still
     pumping my stiff, red tool wildly in my hand.  Linda didn't even
     seem to know I was there!  She was too focused on her increasing
     fuck-rhythm into Daphne to notice.  I thought I saw just a flicker
     of obscene approval for what I was doing and then it was back to
     the stare.  Daphne's eyes bulged wide open, however, when she saw
     me.  Her eyes seemed to cry out to me, "You were hiding in here
     all along?!  Th..th..then you saw what I did to myself?  How could
     you !!!!!".  I felt like a real heel at that point, but the heat
     deep in my testicles made me realize that I couldn't help myself
     no matter what.  Her outraged eyes melted into orgasmic horror as
     the thrusting instruments in her vagina and buttocks began slowly
     pushing her over the edge and I made my next move.

     I found myself looking at her shiny tight breasts, almost black
     with color now, protuding eight inches straight out from under her
     armpits and her arms tied tight behind her upstraining, choked
     neck and I knew I had to grasp those eggplants in my hands and
     jerk them off like she had done to herself.  Latching on to them
     from underneath, I could only get my fingers about halfway around
     the bottom half of her hard, swollen, deep-purple bazooms.

     My palms began working back and forth on the underside of her
     jugs.  They were hard, but springy on the outside and they gave in
     a little to my gripping pressure.  I stroked harder and the outer
     skin began to move back and forth with my hands, like the sliding
     foreskin on a man's prick.  But the inner, blood-tight tubes were
     distended hard.  As I moved the skin back and forth I could feel
     them growing in there, even longer and more erect.  The juice from
     her nipples mixed into my fingers causing my palms to slip and
     slide.  White foam began coating my hands as her inner tits
     pulsated like dicks about to come.  Splacking sounds from my foamy
     hands now reeled my senses as I slid them faster and faster over
     Daphne's turgid balloons.

     Linda was still pumping like a machine into her slippery behind,
     not letting up, maintaining a constant driving fuck.  Daphne's
     body began stiffening.  I knew it was beginning for her and my
     balls twitched in anticipation of her release, when I spied my
     still rock-hard penis straining into thin air.  My hands weren't
     about to loose their jerking grip on Daphne's slithering boobs. 
     My eyes were darting around desperately for a way when they landed
     on her puffy, blushing cheeks and the sopping wad protuding from
     her round, semi-open lips.

     Even with her body partially frozen in semi-orgasm she saw where
     my wild eyes were staring and what I was about to do to her. 
     Could I actually do it?  Her panic-stricken eyes and bound neck
     were shaking "No..No..Please God No!".  After what I had seen that
     day and in my current state it took me about 2 seconds to decide.
     Her eyes lit up in agonizing, complete surrender as I moved up on
     her and pushed my thick member into her sopping, cloth-stuffed O
     just as Daphne's climax paralyzed her completely.

     Her accumulated saliva drooled out all over her glistening,
     stretched lips as I jerked my cock into her mouth as hard as I
     could.  With Daphne's head now frozen in her horror filled
     cum-stare, she was unable to move at all.  I pushed three-quarters
     of my 6 inches in against the soft, sucking wad of cloth.  It
     stretched her spit-covered lips wider apart on the way in.  Her
     inner organs were still working, though.  My cock pushed the gag
     ahead of it, as I forced myself in, mashing the whole sticky ball
     against the back of her throat, an inch-wide plug filling her
     windpipe completely.  Her body remained still, but a deep rumble
     emitted from her blocked throat.  Sickening, puking sounds came
     out as her involuntary throat muscles tried to dry-heave the
     blocking wad out of there.  

     Oblivious to any of this, I began to fuck her mouth, the oozing
     cloth gag sucking and grabbing at my prick like moist cuntlips. 
     Relief came for her only when I withdrew for the next stroke.  She
     had only a split second to suck in a sip of air through her nose
     before the gag was again forced down into her throat by my next
     pumping thrust.  Gut-wrenching dry-pukes heaved up from deep
     inside her belly as she fought to keep breathing.  I didn't care
     at that point.  I could feel the hot semen gushing up my shaft
     like a geyser as I rammed her gag-stuffed mouth.  

     Linda, still humping her ass relentlessly, whipped her fingers out
     of Daphne's swollen, sloshy pubes and rapidly grabbed at the end
     of her pumping cock-rope.  She stepped back an inch and splunged
     her fist deep into Daphne's ass crack, her whole hand and half of
     her fat forearm disappearing between the billowing cheeks.  I
     could see the lump of her fist moving around under there, rippling
     out one cheek and then the other.  At last she found the dark,
     oily inner hole she had been seeking and jammed the whole greasy
     rope into Daphne's anus with one stroke.  Just as I began to
     spurt, Daphne blew like a volcano.

     Cream began spewing out of her tits again as the pistons inside
     pushed it from her nipple holes in streams.  It covered my hands,
     which were still jerking, and ran down my arms, burning on the way
     down like a lava flow.  Linda was massaging her mons when a bucket
     of sex juice flooded out of her inner sex, covering  Linda's hand
     completely and pouring into the panty-bag until it began to look
     like a pink, bulging water balloon.  At the same time I flooded
     the gag inside her mouth with my semen, my full sacs rippling with
     each forceful contraction.  One long, gutteral, gurgling moan
     erupted from her paralyzed mouth as my cock cream oozed into the
     tight spaces around the gag, soaking into the saliva-filled cloth
     until it began to spill out onto her lips and chin.  I pulled out,
     unable to get any more in, but still coming.  

     With one tit-cum coated hand I jerked the remainder of my jism all
     over the outside of her stuffed face.  I thought, "This has to be
     the biggest cum of all time!", as I pumped and stroked and
     splashed it onto her forehead, her eyes, her cheeks; even swamping
     her nose with the gooey ooze.  Her face could barely be seen under
     it, so complete was the covering.  It began to slide slowly down
     to hang in big gobby drips from her chin and nose and eyebrows. 
     Daphne remained completely motionless in orgasm throughout the
     whole thing, mouth gagged and eyes gaped open wide.

     After orgasming for two solid minutes, she began coming out it,
     shivering like before as if coming out of a trance.  But this time
     it was different.  Her gentle after-cum trembling gradually turned
     into great, racking sobs that shook her whole body.  Tears poured
     into her cum-coated face at the humiliating sex Linda and I had
     forced her to enjoy.  The shame was too great for her, but Linda
     wasn't though yet.  

     She moved her cunt-hand back up to the restraining leash and
     jerked backward, pulling Daphne almost upright with her head
     angled backwards.  She was have real trouble breathing now, what
     with her nostrils filled shut with my hardening cum and her mouth
     stuffed with the even bigger cum-expanded gag.  The force of the
     pull brought a great gushing heave from the pit of her stomach and
     she blew out the gag.  It plopped onto the tabletop with a icky
     'splat'.  

     With her mouth now free, I though Daphne would be screaming her
     head off, but all she did was continue to sob and gasp for air.  I
     guess she was too embarrassed to let anyone else know anyway. 

     As I continued to look on, kneeling exhausted from my own climax,
     Linda took a grab on the blouse-leash with her teeth, holding
     Daphne's head strained backwards.  With one free hand she grabbed
     a paper cup off the desk and held it in back under the panty
     remnants tightly gripping Daphne's legs.  Slowly she pulled her
     still buried fist from Daphne's crack, sliding out the
     butt-plug-dildo at the same time.  Jiggling ass cheeks unrolled
     the panty-cock and, as the tight upper panties loosened their
     grip, Daphne's vaginal cum began to thickly seep out.  Linda
     twisted and worked the creamy panties in one hand, catching the
     ooze in the cup.  When she was finished, she had almost a complete
     cupful of Daphne's cream.  

     Still holding the head back with the cord in her buck-teeth, Linda
     brought her free hand up to Daphne's nose and pinched it off
     between thumb and forefinger.  With the strong pinkie of the same
     hand she poked down into the chin, forcing the mouth open.  Head
     and neck yanked back, throat and mouth forced open, Daphne offered
     no resistance as Linda poured her own jism into her from the large
     cup.  After each lump of cum-pudding had oozed in Linda would hook
     her pinkie under Daphne's chin, forcing her jaws closed.  Daphne
     had to swallow the gob before Linda allowed her lips open for
     another breath.  Pouring in too fast for Daphne's gagging
     swallows, some of it flowed out to smear her chin, swirling into a
     pearly mixture with my cum.  I could see down into her mouth and
     thickly coated tongue as her throat spasmed and choked her own
     thick juice down into her awaiting stomach.  

     A sick green tinge appeared on Daphne's face and series of
     shuddering spasms racked her tummy.  It looked like she was about
     to throw up the whole thing!  Linda also felt the signals.  As she
     poured in the last ounce of goo, she dropped the cup, picked up
     the sopping mess of a gag off the table and, still pinching the
     nose off, mushed the big, cold, wet wad back in through Daphne's
     struggling lips.  Linda now let go with both hands and teeth and
     stood back watching in delight.

     Daphne, standing in the middle of the room, free except for the
     neck truss, arms still tied tightly up in her back, bent forward
     at the waist and heaved.  As Jeff and I looked on, stunned, her
     knees buckled and a torrent of thick cum shot back up from her
     spasming stomach, rocketing out her throat tube into the back of
     the cloth ball.  She almost fell over backwards from the force,
     but managed to stay on her feet.  Almost half of the wad ballooned
     out of her lips from the force of the jolting liquid.  I though it
     was going to be blown out of her, but it was sucked back into
     Daphne's mouth like it was being pulled in with a vacuum cleaner.

     As Linda stood looking on with unrestrained joy, Daphne's throat
     convulsed again.  She gulped the gooey mixture of her own and my
     cum back down the tunnel and stood, bent slightly, breathing with
     relief, when the next shock wave took her off her feet.  She
     retched her cum up again, beginning to look faint but unable to
     stop the spasms, as the oozing gag slipped halfway out again, but
     not far enough to come out.  Spasm after spasm rocked her; heaving
     gut blasting the cum up into her mouth and bringing it back down
     again to reload when it splashed against the blocking gag.  

     Daphne was beginning to weaken.  Sweat covered her forehead and
     matted her hair down in wet pleats as she was worked over in that
     spastic seizure, alternately swallowing and then heaving up her
     own cum, throat bulging visibly as it was forced up and down.

     After about a minute and a half she looked like she had had all
     she could take, when Linda announced, "OK.  I think she's had
     enough.".  Daphne fell to her knees, still racking, eyes turning
     back inward into her head.  Straddling her from the back, Linda
     grasped the leash to immobilize her and, bunching all five fingers
     of her other hand, pushed the blunt point of her hand tool between
     Daphne's wet lips.  Not letting up, Linda continued to push her
     fingers in.   

     Spreading Daphne's lips so wide that they lost their color, she
     let her fingers widen out around the soaked gag-rag.  I continued
     to stare dumbfounded as Linda worked her mammoth hand, until,
     suddenly, Daphne's mouth resistance gave way.  Her jaws snapped
     open a further three inches, locked almost straight up and down,
     as Linda's knuckles slid on in through the gaping mouth.  I began
     to heat up again, hardening at the sight of Linda's whole fist in
     Daphne's mouth, the lips having sucked closed around her thick
     wrist.  It looked like she was fellating Linda's arm like a huge
     horse dick.  Linda's fingers squashed around the massive mouth
     gag, bulging out Daphne's cheeks like a monstrous cockhead. 
     Incredibly, I began stroking my stiff meat again as Linda began
     pistoning her forearm.

     Daphne's face was almost lifeless now, but her lips reacted
     automatically like any woman's should when a thick, fleshy pole
     slides in and out of them.  They latched on to the wrist and began
     slurping and sucking as Linda pumped her arm-cock.  But it was no
     good.  Daphne had fainted even while her lips continued to suck
     and Linda realized that Daphne had truly had enough for now.  With
     one yank, she pulled out the fist and gag.

     We all froze when Margaret knocked on the closed door and yelled
     in, "Hey you guys!  Break time was over five minutes ago.  Let's
     get back to work!  Remember, Gene will be here any time now.".  I
     realized that this must be why no one had bothered us.  It was
     normal routine for people to take their breaks in this room, close
     the door and watch TV.  But it still made me jump when she yelled
     in at us.  I couldn't believe we had been in there for only twenty
     minutes.  It seemed like a whole day, but there were several hours
     to go.

     Linda was the only one who thought to answer her.  She yelled
     back, "OK. we'll be right out.".  I didn't know how we were going
     to do that.  Daphne was still kneeling, fainted, in the middle of
     the floor, her blouse, twisted into a rope around her neck, the
     only thing holding her upright.  Her jeans were pulled down to her
     knees; underpants hanging limply now, twisted out of shape,
     stained tan on the bottom and sopping white on top.  Her hair was
     matted down and sweat dripped from her cum stained face and tits. 
     She didn't look ready to go anywhere.  I was kneeling on top of a
     table panting with exhaustion, pants stained with cumjuice, mine
     and Daphne's; my slick, raw, red tool still stiff from my last
     abortive jack-off.  But, being only part-time and having to work
     on the equipment anyway, I could afford to stay in there until I
     could figure something out.  And Jeff, who had just watched the
     whole thing, was supposed to be in there.  He just went back to
     his desk.  Linda hadn't even broken a sweat and she still had all
     her clothes on.

     Once again, Linda took charge of Daphne.  She moved in front of
     her and, with gentle expertise, slapped her face.  Daphne awoke, a
     little panicky at seeing Linda, but too exhausted to do anything
     about it, and closed her eyes in deep shame.  Another slap, this
     time a backhander, brought her to full attention again.  Sarcastic
     words were thrown at her, "Come on little Daphne.  Margaret says
     we have to get you cleaned up so we can get you back to work.  But
     it won't be as much fun as the work we just did, huh?!". 

     In the space of a minute or two I watched Linda put things back in
     their place.  She threw the used cum container in the trash can
     along with the wad of rolled up socks.  She poked me a painful
     shot in the arm and whispered visciously, "Get down off of there! 
     And get yourself cleaned up.  I'm going to open that door in
     another minute!".  I thought, "Jesus!  That was a really hard
     punch for a woman!".  Holding my bruised shoulder, I climbed down
     and started getting back into my pants as Linda turned her
     attention back to Daphne. 

     Reaching around in back to the leash, Linda yanked her to a
     standing position.  Then, reaching around with both hands, she
     pulled and yanked at the panties, trying to reform them around
     Daphne's butt, but they didn't have enough elastic left in them
     even for her huge mounds, so Linda just ripped them off at the
     seams, hitched up her jeans and buttoned them snug.  For some
     reason I couldn't understand, Linda balled up the greasy, stained
     panties and stuck them in her pocket where the socks had been. 
     "Yuck! What could she want with those things?", I wondered, seeing
     that they made twice as big a ball as the socks had.

     Still reaching around in back, she undid the wrist cuffs.  Numb,
     yet painful from fifteen minutes of being bent into that unnatural
     position, Daphne's arms flopped down at her sides, limp and
     useless.  Linda unrolled the blouse and tried to smooth it down
     over Daphne's cum-dripping boobs, but it was so wrinkled that it
     wouldn't quite make it.  It looked a royal wrinkled mess and she
     could only stretch it down to the middle of her stomach, her cute
     belly button showing out above her pants.  

     Linda let it go at that.  No time.  Next, she whipped a spike-comb
     from her back pocket and hastily drew it through Daphne's matted
     hair.  She screamed out in pain as the four-inch spikes scraped
     her skull and ripped through the sweaty knots in her hair, but her
     mouth was so painful from being stretched by Linda's fist and the
     gag, her throat still filled with sticky cum and phlegm, that it
     came out only as a soft coughing gurgle.  After raking Daphne's
     hair in to a vaguely presentable do, she grabbed some paper towels
     from Jeff's desk.  Dunking them in some cold stale coffee in
     Jeff's cup, she toweled the cum off Daphne's face, rubbing hard
     and fast, and threw the towels in the can.

     Linda pulled the door open and, with one chunky arm around her
     shoulder, led the weak, trembling girl quickly out of the room. 
     Shielding Daphne from the others with her bulky body, Linda
     half-dragged her rapidly toward the restroom, which was in the
     back.  I could see through the doorway as she shoved her in and I
     thought I faintly heard, "Now get cleaned up good. And hurry.  And
     no word of this to anyone.  Besides, you KNOW you loved it, you
     pretty little bitch, and you know you'll want more later.".

     With that, the bathroom door shut, Linda went back to her reports,
     I went back to my repair and things went on as if nothing had
     happened.  None of the others even suspected what had gone on in
     that room right under their noses!

     I worked steadily on, still kind of hot and sweaty, keeping one
     eye on the bathroom door (it was unisex and I had to go real bad).
     Finally, after about five agonizing minutes, Daphne came out.  As
     I rushed for the john I could see that she had, by some miracle,
     made her self over into something pretty close to normal.  Her
     hair was still a little damp, but drying fast back into those cute
     little brunette ringlets.  And her face was washed clean, though
     still somewhat red and raw from the paper towels.  

     The look on her face, however, was another story.  Although not
     crying, her head kind of moped down and from the vacant depths of
     staring eyes she looked at me accusingly with a mixture of hatred
     and shame.  I felt low, lower than a snake in the grass at that
     point.  Even the sight of that big, bobbling back end failed to
     arouse me as she shuffled slowly into the other room.  Truly
     ashamed of what I had done, I flopped into the john.

     Feeling greatly relieved after my piss, I went back to work.  This
     was going to be a long one.  Machines had broken down all over the
     place.  I knew it was going to take me at least a couple of hours
     to fix them.  And, what with the big boss coming in, Margaret kept 
     popping in on me, asking me if I was finished yet.  Her dark green
     wraparound skirt flounced wildly on her sleek swiveling hips and
     small, taut ass-muscles every time she ran in there.  And I could
     tell from her erect button nipples poking out from her light green
     blouse that she was getting excited about the upcoming visit.

     A little peeved at her constant interruptions, I told her somewhat
     curtly that I'd have a lot better chance of getting done in time
     if she'd leave me alone.  A blush formed on her high-riding cheeks
     that matched her red hair and she immediately began apologizing,
     saying that she was nervous about Gene coming.  I told her that I
     understood and that I would work extra hard to get it all done for
     her.  I stared at her muscular, tan calves as she walked out and
     thought, "Hmmmm.  She ain't that badly shaped after all; kinda
     skinny still, but muscular like those iron pumping ladies I saw on
     TV, only not as grossly bulked up.  And where did that tan come
     from.  It looks pretty hot on a redhead.  I wonder if it goes all
     the way up?".  It was like seeing her for the first time.

     Shaking the cobwebs from my head, I went back to work again, but
     soon found myself talking to Jeff.  I said, "Hey man.  What the
     hell.  Does this thing happen all the time around here or what? 
     And why weren't you doing anything through all that stuff?".

     He shrugged a little laugh off his shoulders and answered, "No, it
     don't happen all the time.  I only seen it twice before.  Only I
     never seen it this hot before.  Linda was like some kinda animal. 
     I ain't messin' around with her though.  No way.  I'm afraid of
     her.  And I wouldn't know what to do anyway.  Poor Daphne, though. 
     I never seen or heard of some of that shit.  Linda forced her to
     get off but I don't think she really liked it.  I gotta confess,
     the most I've ever done is bring off this girl at school once with
     my hand.  I'd rather just concentrate on my work.".   

     "OK", I thought, "but someday your gonna find out what it's all
     about and then work won't mean a thing.".  I resumed my efforts to
     get the machines running right again.  

     I looked up and saw that it was about one o'clock.  I had spent
     the last two hours concentrating hard and had just about finished
     up, everything back in working order.  Apparently Daphne had had
     no trouble concealing her morning episode from her co-workers and
     Margaret hadn't been back to bother me either.  I packed up my
     tools, pretty satisfied with myself, and prepared to get the hell
     out of there.

     I strolled out in to the main office preparing to leave.  Past
     Linda, who didn't even acknowledge my presence; and past Diane,
     standing there innocently.  Just at the moment I walked by she
     bent over to pick something up.  As most women do when they think
     no one is looking, she bent straight at the waist, not bending her
     knees at all; legs locked straight up and down.  The tight, white
     cotton shift rode up, higher and higher.  She wore no nylons and,
     for that second or two, I had an unobstructed view up and down
     almost the whole length of her soft, young, cream-colored thighs.

     Her bending pushed her smooth, round, little behind high in the
     air toward me, the widening split between her butts stretching the
     cotton to the breaking point.  I was beginning to sweat a little
     when I saw Linda sneak a leering grin at the young flesh displayed
     in front of her.  My eyes locked hers in a stare that told her in
     no uncertain terms, "I know what's on your mind.  You lay a hand
     on her and you'll answer to me.  Over my dead body Linda, over my
     dead body.".  She gave me a shrug that said, "We'll see" and went
     back to work.

     Shuddering at the thought, I walked into the main office.  Daphne
     sat at a desk facing away from me.  She sat in a typical office
     chair; you know, the kind with a small backrest high up on a two
     inch diameter stalk set in the seat.  The thick shiny stainless
     steel pole had worked its way into Daphne's jeans as she sat. 
     Part of her butt meats, now unrestrained by panties, had oozed
     around the chair rod, gripping it tightly; the rest of the denim
     covered flesh sagged out around it and over the sides of the seat. 
     My sweat increased at the sight, but my cock remained limp.  All I
     could see was the brutal invasion she had taken from Linda   
     earlier in the day and I marveled at how she could sit there
     working as usual all this time.  She might have been able to
     regain her composure somehow, but I hadn't.

     I moved past her, gently patting the back of her head in sympathy
     as I walked by.  Rudely shaking her head away, she lifted her
     downturned eyes to mine, remembering my part in her ordeal, and
     glared daggers right through my face.  I wanted to apologize to
     her, to explain that I couldn't help myself, but there was no way.  

     Lisa was sitting at the typewriter by the front door.  If anything
     could have brought me back to life it was her. The heat start to
     spread through my dick again as I approached her, gazing hungrily
     and openly, but she was too busy typing to notice.  I ogled my way
     down the length of her, starting with her pleasingly filled out
     face and moving down to the tight red sweater filled with her
     heavy, bulging tits.

     They seemed to fill the entire front of her sweater; so large 
     that they were plopped solidly down on the typing table, Lisa's
     arms squeezing them together in front of her as she typed.  With
     one hand in my pocket secretly feeling myself, I stood and stared
     at her sweater-bulging pair, which had to be the size of honeydew
     melons.  The cold metal table had excited her nipples, forcing
     those nickel-sized paps to erupt forward nearly three fourths of
     an inch!        

     I ended up in her lap, my eyes buried deep in the dark triangle
     formed by her little belly and bulging, red-nylon thighs.  The
     micro-mini barely covered her bottom, now that she was sitting
     down, and I could see the round ends of her butt barely peaking
     out, also encased in the tight elastic.  I focused in and thought,
     "I'll be damned if she isn't wearin' any!".  The white flesh of
     her unpantied ass blended into the expanding red material, tinting
     it a dull, sexual pink.  "What in the hell is she doing dressed
     like that just to come to a dull office job?", I wondered.  "She
     is ready!", I decided.  "And I'm just the man to give it to her!".  

     Not thinking too clearly anymore, I formed the crazy idea that I
     would go outside and wait for her to come out.  There were only a
     couple more hours til closing time.  I'd wait for her and talk to
     her, ask her out or over to my house or anything.  I had to have
     her now, today, and I was determined to get her; one way or the
     other.  "Somehow she knew I was going to be there today and she
     dressed that way for me!", my hormones screamed at me.  "If she
     plays it cool, don't let her get away.  Follow her and make her
     yours!", my mixed up mind ordered.

     In a hot trance I waved good-bye absently to Margaret and began
     walking out, my plan now set.  But you know what they say about
     plans.  I vaguely heard her say "No. Stick around.  I want you to
     meet Gene", but I too full of the vision of Lisa to pay any
     attention. 

     Just as I made it to the exit, the door burst open noisily.  I was
     nearly bowled over as the boss burst into the office.  I guess I
     was going to stick around after all.   

     The room became a mad shambles as everyone ran in to greet him. 
     Never having met him and him being the boss and everything, the
     girls stopped short and shyly huddled together around him, not
     knowing what to say.  Margaret, who had met him only once herself
     when she was hired as manager, took some initiative and offered
     him her hand in welcome.    

     Let me tell ya, I don't where I got that description of him that I
     gave you earlier, but it was dead wrong.  He wasn't in his early
     forties.  It was more like his late fifties!  Let me give you a
     little better description now of the man who owned the place, the
     man who I worked for, as I saw him for the first time that day
     along with the rest of his employees. 

     First of all he was a big guy.  About 6'4" and maybe 250 pounds. 
     As I craned my neck up at him I could tell that he dyed his still
     thick hair.  It was slicked back in a high pompadour.  And it was
     a poor dye job at that, old-man grey growing out at the base of a
     jet black shoe polish bowl on top.  Deep crags deeply dented his
     jowly cheeks and he wore steel-framed glasses laying heavily on a
     large, bulbous nose.  

     He still wore the tonnage pretty well on his large frame, but he
     was definitely on the fattish side.  I could hear him wheezing
     just from the effort of walking all that weight around and a light
     red flush blotched his sweating face.  What a sight!  Wearing a
     heavy black coat over his pin-stripe suit, he looked more like a
     sleaze than a boss to me.

     Meanwhile, the girls were backing away a little after taking a
     good look at him.  They didn't mean to, I'm sure.  It was just an
     instinctive move on their part and I didn't blame them.  Linda was
     the only one who didn't seem nervous, standing calmly off to the
     side behind Margaret, who was still trying to shake hands with
     him.  

     Swallowing her little hand in one of his big mitts, he shook it
     briefly, Margaret's whole body shaking along with it.  "Good to
     see you again, Margaret.  I'm very proud of the way you've whipped
     this place into shape.  I thought it was about time I came and saw
     it for myself.".  He turned his gaze in our direction and
     exclaimed, "And these must be the people who really deserve all
     the credit.  Let's see who we've got here.".

     His eyes swept down the line as Margaret introduced him to his
     people; me and Jeff, Diane, Daphne, Linda and finally Lisa on whom
     his gaze rested for what seemed like an eternity.  Her 5'4" frame
     cringed back just a fraction as his eyes bore down on her. 
     Licking his lips a little, he ogled her obscenely, drinking in her
     huge tits, soft round tummy and the pink nylon bulging with her
     meaty thighs.  

     Finally, he turned back to Margaret and shrugged off his overcoat,
     taking the suit coat off right along with it.  Now I could see how
     huge he really was.  Man, was he big.  His barrel chest had popped
     one of the buttons on his shirt and I could see that he wore no
     undershirt.  His pot belly looked like a big pink beach ball with
     a black rug on it.  Yuck!  

     I was so engrossed in staring at this guy, our boss, that I was as
     unprepared as the rest of them for what happened next.  

     He was telling Margaret what a fine looking group we were and that
     he wanted to get to know each of us on a more personal level....
     "In fact, let's do away with the formalities and start right
     now!".

     Nodding his head at Linda, who had been standing there as if
     looking for a signal, he commanded, "Let's do it!".  In a flash,
     the room became a confused blur of bodies.  Linda ran at Margaret
     who was too stunned to move.  Her lithe, athletic body naturally
     fought back, but it was too late.  Linda, grinning obscenely at
     Gene, easily pinned her arms backward in a full nelson and held
     her back from the others.     

     In the same instant Gene, moving his massive body with surprising
     speed, headed straight for Lisa.  Looming over her, he wrapped a
     length of her long hair tightly around his hand and yanked hard. 
     A yelp of pain escaped from her lips as her head was snapped back,
     stopping her dead in her tracks.  With his free hand he reached
     down and began crudely fondling her chest, the tight red sweater
     rippling and bulging out in all directions as his paw mashed and
     squeezed her billowing breasts.  

     I didn't know what the hell was going on, but I knew I had to do
     something.  Even if he was old, Gene had a good eight inches and
     about eighty pounds on me and I didn't know if I could take him. 
     Besides, from the way things were shaping up, I thought I might
     not want to stop him.  Things were happening so fast and my plan
     for Lisa was still warm in my mind.  I didn't want to lose her,
     but the idea of seeing this huge old guy do her was pretty hot
     too.  I decided to play it cool for now.  Besides, there was
     someone else I also had had thoughts about.  

     Jeff, finally showing some life, must have seen his chance too. 
     His glazed eyes turned to young Diane, who was beginning to wake
     up and move to the aid of her mother.  "Let her go!  You fat
     bitch!", she screamed, jumping full tilt at the struggling pair. 
     Linda, laughing in her face, expertly stuck out a boot and sent
     her sprawling, still clamping onto Margaret with both arms.  Jeff
     and I both reached her at the same time.  

     We heard a loud thud and then WHOOMPH! as the wind was blown out
     of her by the fall.  Stunned, she instantly struggled to her feet
     in a daze, the cotton dress shifting all the way up, bunching
     around her little bottom, showing us a glimpse of white satin
     panties.  Jeff reached her first, helping her up and, at the same
     time, greedily groping her ass.  I got there an instant later and
     yanked him off of her.  "Uh uh.  This one is mine.", I glared at
     him.  "You want some, you go get that.", I said, pointing in the
     direction of the door.

     He turned where I was pointing.  Daphne, as if knowing what was
     coming, was sprinting toward the door in panic.  She had her hand
     on the knob and was making her break to freedom, when Jeff slammed
     it back and locked it.  Seeing that she was again shut in, Daphne
     collapsed, cringing in utter despair at her situation.  I guess
     Jeff, remembering the scene in the back room, figured she was a
     pretty good piece after all.  Daphne was grabbed by the back of
     her blouse for the second time that day, but all the struggle had
     gone out of her.  Jeff's juices were flowin' now and he began to
     eagerly feel her up.

     Diane was fighting me all the way, but she was no match for me now
     that I had committed to going all the way with her.  Her 
     struggling pushed the shift over her waist, quivering buttocks
     squirming softly against my pants.  I reached around in front, now
     in full sexual heat, and cupped her plump young sex, feeling and
     rubbing the mound through the thin white satin.  In a trance now,
     I half dragged her over to a chair and sat down, pulling her from
     behind down into my lap, my middle finger beginning to stroke in
     her slot.  She was still squirming, but not so hard now, as I
     clamped my other arm around her.  I pressed hard, forcing her ass
     cheeks down into my lap.  They spread out around the bulge of my
     hardening dick and I began to lightly dry hump her while steadily
     working her fuzzy, red-haired mound with my finger.

     From where I was sitting I could see the whole office with its row
     of three bolted down desks lined up in front of us.  Linda pulled
     Margaret over to the one on our left.  Letting go with one hand,
     she maintained her hold and cranked up hard on Margaret's wrists,
     forcing her face down onto the desk, just as her daughter Daphne
     had been forced onto the backroom table.  I thought, "No.  She
     wouldn't dare do that.".

     Margaret's skirt was ripped off, revealing tan, supple legs and
     frilly blue briefs over her tight behind.  Whipping out daughter
     Daphne's wad of soiled, cum-soaked panties,  Linda tightly bound
     her wrists in back with the waistband.  Bringing the rest up in
     front through Margaret's crotch, she stretched the pink elastic to
     the breaking point and squeezed one of the leg loops over
     Margaret's head.  With a little relief I realized she was only
     using them for better control.  The pink band dug into Margaret's
     vagina, pulling down tautly on her neck and wrists at the same
     time, while Linda straddled her waist and sat heavily, pinning her
     down.  Grabbing under Margaret's chin with both hands, she pulled
     her head up painfully and spat in her ear, "Now we'll see who's
     the real manager around here.  I'm in charge now and your
     employees are going to work like they never have before.  You just
     sit back and watch the show.  Look at Daphne over there.  She
     seems to be enjoying it.".  Margaret couldn't help but look, her
     head bent back by Linda's vice-like grip on her chin.

     It was hard trying to see all the action in this three ring circus
     all at once and keep my control on Diane.  She still fought me,
     but I had her arms pinned good and continued to work my bulge into
     her squirming bottom.  She shook her head around and tried to bite
     me, red mane flying into my face, but she stopped cold when I
     popped my finger into her snatch, the white satin pushing in with
     it.  Even through her panties I could feel that she was getting
     warm and wet in there whether she wanted it or not.  I got another
     finger in and slid the panties in and out, the increasing friction
     heating the material and also building up a static charge on the
     satin.

     My eyes followed Margaret's over to the desk on my right.  Ripping
     the blouse up over Daphne's head, Jeff exposed her bare breasts. 
     Having surrendered completely by now, she didn't fight him as he
     grabbed a jug in each hand and began squeezing.  He had made the
     grab close in by her ribs and with each squeeze her mounds
     ballooned out in front, flushing red in his tight grip.  Her brown
     nipples began pushing themselves out a little at a time, growing
     stiffer and longer each time, as if being inflated by her pumping
     breast bags.  

     Daphne went along meekly as Jeff dragged her to the desk.  He let
     go, twisted her around and leaned her back.  Jeff's eyes were big
     as saucers and fully dilated as he began twisting open the buttons
     of her fly.  With both hands he made short work of it and soon
     worked her jeans down over her hips.  Head bowed in shame, her
     dull eyes watched him slide her pants down to her ankles. 
     Nevertheless a gasp came from her lips as he reached under her
     legs.  One hand cupped her mound from the front while the other
     groped in from behind.  Jeff jammed a finger of his cunt hand
     straight in, "UNNNH!".  In back he bunched his hand into a full
     fist and began pushing steadily against her still slick ass crack,
     "OOOOOOOW!".  In spite of herself, Daphne began to respond to the
     intruding fingers and fist.  She tried mightily to keep her butt
     shut, but then she shuddered and raised up on her toes as her
     gluteous muscles gave out. Jeff's balled fist forced her cheeks
     apart and his arm lunged into the slimy, tan tunnel.  

     Maintaining her in this upraised position by pushing up on her
     pubic bone, he forced his fist in deeper still.  Daphne moaned
     again and then suddenly snapped her head up in shock.  I watched
     transfixed as Jeff's arm went in farther and farther, Daphne's
     cheeks now butting up against his elbow.  He was in deeper than
     Linda had been earlier and I knew from the girl's look that his
     fist, like a massive cockhead had reached her puckered sphincter. 
     Gritting his teeth with effort, he kept up a hard steady pressure,
     twisting as he pushed to work her ass grease onto his fist for
     lubrication.  

     Daphne's eyes bulged half way out of their sockets and her mouth
     began to contort in a painful grimace as her puckered hole began
     surrendering to Jeff's slippery twisting pressure.  He had it
     halfway in now, her asshole stretching and dilating around it like
     a vagina in childbirth; only this baby's head was going in the
     wrong direction and into the wrong hole!

     Staring in utter disbelief, I began to responding to this filthy
     show and scooped my arm up under Diane's dress, feeling for her
     young titties.  Still bouncing her up and down on the hard lump in
     my lap, I latched on to one of them, rapidly squeezing and rubbing
     the soft mound in a heated frenzy, feeling the nipple begin to
     harden in my hand.

     Struggling less intensely now, Diane began to squirm in my lap,
     rather than fight, as my fondling and rubbing hands awoke passions
     her eighteen year old flesh had never known.  Her freckled face
     blushed hotly, but she let me pull the shift over her outstretched
     arms.  I put one hand on each of her bare cupcakes and began to
     work them over in earnest, fondling and pinching their orangy
     little buds which had never known a man's hand.  Her pink, painted
     lips had just parted in an ecstatic groan, when my attention was
     forced back to the desk.

     Doubling over limply, Daphne's knees sagged and her stomach
     spasmed violently.  Her slippery anal muscle gave way completely
     as Jeff's hand popped through her back door with a mighty heave. 
     So complete and sudden was her surrender that Jeff nearly lost his
     balance as his forward thrust carried him into her another five
     inches, his arm disappearing into her crack beyond the elbow!  

     "Give it to her Jeff!  Ram it home!", Linda was urging him, "Fist
     fuck her buns!".  Margaret couldn't bear to look, but Linda moved
     a hand to the sides of her eyes and squeezed until they opened in
     pain.  "Is that any way to bring up a daughter?  You skinny slut! 
     I oughta do the same to you.", she growled.  She released her hold
     on Margaret's eyes and with the same hand ripped her cotton
     panties down to the knees.  "But not just yet.  Let's see the rest
     of you first.", she whispered.  Riding on Margaret's waist saddle
     like a horse, she reached under her armpit and ripped her blouse
     open, the buttons popping off in all directions.  Grabbing at the
     back of the collar, she yanked it down in back to the elbows.  It
     acted like a straightjacket, pinning the arms in back and pushing
     out her brassiered breasts in front.  Margaret started to buck in
     panic now and my prick grew another inch in my pants at the
     thought that Linda might mean what she said.

     Grossed out, but hotly fascinated, I watched Jeff recover and,
     spurred on by Linda's urging, begin to fuck Daphne's ass with his
     arm.  A wet suctioning noise filled the room as he pulled out to
     the elbow, keeping his balled fist just inside her anus.  Still
     bent over limply, she began to gasp quick breaths of relief, but
     doubled over again as Jeff shoved it back in.  

     He slid out again, held it a second, and pushed it back in.  Then
     he started pumping slowly as her bowels began to loosen and coat
     him with their brown, oily secretion.  Doubled over, limp, blood
     rushing to her head, Daphne flopped around like a rag doll on the
     driving fist sliding up and down inside her large intestine.  But
     the giant arm-phallus was beginning to have its effect on her
     sensitive back hole and she began grunting in rhythm with the
     slowly pumping arm.  I couldn't believe after all she'd been
     through that she was responding to something like this!  It was
     absolutely filthy, but watching it only made me more excited.

     My dick was aching, it was so hard and I began to think of getting
     it out of my pants and into Diane.  Somehow I yanked open my
     zipper and it leaped out, running straight up under a leg opening
     in her satin panties.  Thrusting clumsily, I tried to push it into
     her ass, but it only slid up her crack and settled in between her
     buns like a red hot sausage.  Feeling the heat in there, I began
     jerking up and down between her rubbery moon pies, keeping up a
     soft massage on her swollen pear-shaped pud.  Her moaning grew
     louder; hot, musky, young breath gushing into my ear; moist tongue
     licking as she blew in.  I began pumping faster and her rhythmic
     butt thrusts began matching mine.  

     Daphne began grunting loudly, eeeeuunnnnh! nnyyyyyuh! unh!, her
     face alternately straining and relaxing as she forced herself back
     onto Jeff's arm with each inward stroke.  It looked as if she was
     taking a hard shit, grunting to expel the log buried inside her,
     but every time she tried he slid it farther in.  Her powerful butt
     muscles clamped themselves down on his sliding wrist, her anus
     acting like a cunt approaching orgasm.  The bitch was actually in
     heat getting arm-fucked up the ass!   

     Hands locked on bent knees, she buck out of control on Jeff's
     jerking limb, turgid tits bouncing hard against her chest.  The
     grunting stopped and her mouth began to contort into the familiar
     orgasmic stare.  Sensing her begin to tremor and stiffen, Jeff
     socked his fist in and out of her like lightning, huge rumps
     wobbling wildly.  The thought that this kind of action could bring
     Daphne, or any girl, to climax brought a spasm deep down in my
     root.  I knew I couldn't hold out much longer and began pinching
     Diane's clit as my tightening balls began pumping juice up the
     shaft.  

     Daphne was just beginning to freeze when Jeff balled his other
     hand into a fist and, with one shove, pushed the whole thing
     through her slippery, deep-red cunt lips.  His fists slid for a
     few quick strokes inside her, feeling each other on either side of
     the thick membrane between her canals, and brought her off
     instantly.  She froze solid, hands on bent knees, butt jutted
     backwards, open-mouthed face locked forward in a silent scream.

     His arms continued to work inside her as she watched her nipples
     spew cream like fountains onto the floor in puddles.  Farts
     bubbled out involuntarily around Jeff's arm and she drenched
     Jeff's other fist with vaginal cum.  I could tell from her eyes
     that she knew the shame of what he had done to her, making her
     come like this, but she couldn't move as he pulled out with both
     arms.

     As she continued to erupt, he moved quickly around to her front
     and stared into her eyes, as if admiring his handiwork.  Stuck to
     the floor, still paralyzed in ongoing orgasm, she watched in
     silent terror as he straddled her upturned head and begin jacking
     off, the head of his stiff red penis squeezing in between her open
     lips.  It only took him a few seconds of jerking before he came,
     shooting thick streams into Daphne's wide open recepticle.  Her
     throat tried to swallow the stuff down, but it was too thick and
     she gagged, bringing her out her come-trance.

     Shivering down from the tension, she began working to swallow the
     sperm-packed liquid down, hands still gripping bent knees.  The
     heavy cream overflowed her smacking lips, oozing out down her chin
     as she spat out whatever excess she could.  But most of it she had
     to swallow, gulping large lumps of it down her pipe.  
         
     Grabbing Diane behind the neck, I twisted her head around and
     slurped my lips onto hers, covering her whole, slightly-open mouth
     with mine.  She tried to turn away but I held her tight, sucking
     her plump, pink oral mound.  She didn't know what to do, but her
     natural female juices took over her young body, hormones beginning
     to spurt into her bloodstream from maturing glands deep inside.  

     Her mouth began sucking inside of mine and I let my tongue slide
     into her, lapping and licking her warm saliva-covered oral cavity. 
     "mmmmm  ahhhhh  uh uh uh  nnnnnnnh", poured into my ear, freckled
     face flushing the color of her soft red hair.  She hotly sucked my
     tongue in and out of her clenching lips, moaning quietly as I
     inserted two fingers back into her vagina.  I cupped her hot
     little mound in the rest of my hand and began squeezing it in my
     palm; my tongue slipping and sliding in and out of her wet lips
     the whole time.  Returning the favor, I sucked in and pulled her
     fat tongue into my mouth, gently blowing as I held it clamped
     between my lips.  God, she was a sweet young piece and she was
     gettin' ready for me, even in the midst of the gross sexual
     brutality going on around us.  

     Releasing her lips with a smack I held on to her tongue and sucked
     it wetly, pushing it almost all the way back into her and then
     pulling it back into me with gentle suction.  

     A hot, wet lump began to press against my palm as I continued to
     manipulate her vulva.  It pulsated and grew like a big, hardening
     nipple throbbing urgently against my hand.  For a second I didn't
     realize what it could be, it was so big, but then I knew it must
     be Diane's clitoris.  It was huge!  I caught the squirming, pulpy
     organ between my fingers and began to feel.  It was about as big
     as the end of my thumb and it felt like it actually had a head on
     it like a little cock, although there was no hole in it.  

     The feel of such a big thing on a hot, teenaged girl was too much
     for me.  I began to knead the massive lump between my fingers,
     causing Diane to grunt in sexual agony as she began grinding her
     steamy young buns into my lap.  

     Suddenly, I heard a dull CRAAAAACCCCK! and felt a painful jolt of
     electricity shoot into my arm.  Diane wrenched herself inward,
     legs lifting, toes pointing straight out and began twitching
     violently in my lap as I shot my load.  The static that had built
     up in her satin panties had discharged like a lightning bolt
     straight into her huge clit!  As if being electrocuted, she
     twitched her toes and fingers as I gushed cum under her panties,
     smearing it into her butt as I jerked against her.  

     After about thirty seconds, Diane relaxed and began to sob
     quietly, knowing that I had given her pleasure that no woman had
     ever felt and that she would probably never know again.  I pulled
     my soft member out from under her cum-soaked panties and lifted
     her onto the chair next to me.  I put my arm around her, trying to
     soothe her, overcome with feeling at seeing her tear-stained face
     buried in her hands.  She didn't know it, but she had also given
     me something I would treasure as long as I lived.

     "Please.  No.  Why are you doing this to me?!", shifted my
     attention to the center desk.  Lisa was fighting him, but she
     started to weaken, realizing that she had no hope against Gene's
     towering bulk.  But he didn't even hear her.  Lost in his own
     world of sexual frenzy, the thought of fucking a hot young girl
     like this burning in his old man's mind, he continued fondling her
     cantaloupes.  

     Reaching down with both hands, he hooked the bottom of the tight
     sweater and worked it up her sides.  The material snagged for a
     moment on the long, thick nipples but then came loose, plopping
     out her mammoth, quivering mounds of boob flesh.  Continuing to
     pull up on the sides, he worked the sweater up to her neck bending
     and folding up her flailing arms until he had them and her head
     trapped inside the clinging wool sack.  The too-tight waist
     snapped shut and, as Lisa struggled to free her entangled limbs,
     Gene renewed his assault on her heaving globes.  
        
     Lisa's bared breasts were huge.  48-inch fully packed blocks of
     jiggling, chalky-white flesh.  And on her 5'4" frame they looked
     even bigger.  Since she was so young, they didn't sag either; two
     enormous, heavy pouches filling her front from armpits to tummy. 
     Gene manipulated the big piles against each other obscenely,
     hefting and jiggling them like two bowling balls, as Lisa
     struggled inside the sweater. 

     "Goddam!  This girl's got a big set of knockers, Linda.  So big
     and soft.  Look at em jiggle.  And these cow-nipples gonna squirt
     a gallon of milk!  Come on little Lisa.  Stop fightin'.  Don't you
     wanna get to know uncle Gene better?", he slobbered at her
     struggling head through the confining sweater.  "Come on and get
     yourself over here Linda and get a piece of this.  You hear that,
     girl?  Me and Linda are gonna double your pleasure.".

     He bumped himself from behind into her back end, rubbing up and
     down against her soft flesh, raising the miniskirt on every stroke
     until Lisa's jiggling white buttocks shown through the red
     pantyhose.  "God.  They are as big as bowling balls.", I thought
     as I stared at Gene dry humping her from the rear.  I could see
     the elastic waistband biting deeply into the thick love pouches on
     her sides, baby fat quivering like little saddlebags of jello. 
     And she didn't have on any panties under there either.  "Is this
     girl crazy?", I thought,  "What does she expect, dressing like
     that?  Whew!".  

     Her thick nipples were fully erect now.  I had never seen anything
     like them on a woman before, even Daphne.  As big around as a roll
     of nickels, they stuck out almost an inch from her puckered,
     pancake aureolas; the dark-brown posts drooping down slightly from
     their weight.  Covered with light-brown goosebumps and crinkly
     crevices, they looked like they were made for an adult mouth to
     suck rather than a baby's; they were that big.  Swirling cracks
     deepened on their front ends and little gasps burst from Lisa's
     lips as Gene squeezed and rolled the hard, yet yielding, posts
     between his fingers.  His fleshy face flushed in heat as he worked
     on the young woman, swallowing her up in his lumbering embrace.  

     Linda, glazing over into that dull stare, grabbed a hank of
     Margaret's short neck hair and pinched it back, squirting tears of
     tears of pain from her eyes.  "Now you just stay here and watch. 
     I'm gonna show you how to treat your employees right.  That sweet
     piece of meat is gonna beg me before I'm done with her."  

     Planting one her big boots, she spread Margaret's legs roughly 
     until they were as wide as the desk.  She grabbed the green skirt
     off the floor and violently ripped it into two long strips with
     which she bound each of Margaret's ankles to one of the steel desk
     legs.  Arms tied in back by the blouse and head restrained by the
     panty leg around her neck, Margaret stared helplessly as Linda
     left her and advanced on Lisa. 

     Knowing what Linda had done to Daphne earlier, I pitied poor Lisa. 
     She was in real trouble now, but I was too far into this to help
     her now.  At this point I actually wished I were Gene, as I
     watched him roughly try to milk her big tits.  Her head and arms
     were just beginning to fight their way out of the tangling sweater
     as Linda reached her.

     "Here, let me help you", she said.  Grabbing and ripping, she
     shredded the cloth off completely.  Regaining her sight, Lisa
     recoiled in horror at the sight of Linda in front of her. 
     "L..linda?  Not you too!  Please, leave me alone!  Make him stop,
     please.".  But this kind of pitiful begging only spurred her on.  

     Moving to Lisa's bare front as Gene continued to work on her from
     the rear, Linda hungrily ran her eyes over the girl-flesh in front
     of her.  "Yeah, Lisa.  You're gonna love this", she whispered as
     her hands felt their way down the back of Lisa's soft thighs. 
     Unsnapping the miniskirt and tossing it away, she ran her hand
     down, rubbing and massaging Lisa's plump, round tummy-pot in slow
     circles.  "Mmmmmmh.  Yeah.  So soft.  So round and hot.  I want
     her now, Gene.  But let me suck on those melons first."

     Gene let loose and pinned back Lisa's arms, as Linda bent down and
     latched on.  Cupping them from the sides, she squeezed the roots
     hard, pushing the fatty glands toward her mouth.  Lisa's eyes
     began to water as Linda kept increasing the pressure, the force of
     her grip cutting off the blood supply.  She squeezed and released,
     squeezed and released, pumping blood into Lisa's huge boob sacs. 
     The reddening bulbs were actually increasing in volume as Linda
     squeezed, blood filling and tightening the sensitive mammary
     sacks.   

     Holding her grip, Linda bent down and took one of the inch-long
     nipples into her fat lips.  Lisa gasped as her thick, rubbery teat
     was sucked in.  Looking on as Linda moved the hard, goosepimpled
     post in and out I thought, "Jesus, they must be sensitive!".  She
     got her teeth around it, bit down lightly and then increased the
     pressure gradually, while flicking the tip with her tongue, until
     Lisa yelped in sexual pain.  White juice began seeping out the
     deep cuts on the front end of the other, exposed, nipple as
     Linda's head bobbed up and down.  A silly look formed on Lisa's
     face and she began raising up and down on her toes as she began to
     react to the wet sucking lips.

     Linda increased her pace, puffy cheeks huffing in and out.  It
     looked like she was giving head to a fat, miniature brown cock.  
     I eased Diane's rump off the chair and removed her panties,
     beginning to feel her up again, as Lisa began quivering in Gene's
     armlock.  Squeezing Lisa's blood-engorged balloons, Linda
     fluttered the tip of her tongue on the nerved-filled nipple in her
     mouth.  "OH OH OH nnnnnnh nuh uh uh OOOHHHH!", Lisa shouted as she
     spasmed in a tit-induced orgasm.  

     Milk shot out the ends of Lisa's pulsating nipple stalks.  She
     heaved her swollen breasts forward, spraying into Linda's open
     mouth like a garden sprinkler, as she bucked in Gene's grasp. 
     Linda drank in the sweet nectar, licking and slurping it in as if
     quenching a burning thirst.  Gradually coming out of it, Lisa
     turned eyes downward, ashamed of what she had been forced to do,
     and meekly renewed her struggle, knowing that Gene and Linda
     weren't through with her by any means. 

     They were working as a team now, as if by pre-arranged signals. 
     "Mmmmmm, that was good, you little milk-cow.  Now let's see how
     you like the taste of it inside of you.", Linda drooled.  Putting
     her full 180 pounds into it, she stood on Lisa's feet with her
     heavy boots and held her immobile by the tits; bending her over a
     little as Gene stepped back.  Arms released, Lisa clawed wildly
     for Linda's eyes, but the big girl easily brought her up short.
     Grinding her bootheels into Lisa's toes with all her weight, she
     laughed, "That's it. Fight me, Lisa.  I like it when you
     struggle.".

     Gene hooked his thumbs under her waistband and snuggled the
     butt-hugging tights down Lisa's midsection.  Rolling them over her
     thighs, he got the nylons completely off, Linda releasing one of
     Lisa's feet at a time for him.  She felt his big hands fondling
     her exposed, brown-haired cuntlips and fatty, white asscheeks for
     a moment and began whimpering again.

     Standing back, Gene began to get his clothes off.  He unbuttoned
     and removed his shirt; fat potbelly plopping out, and then
     unbuckled his 50" leather belt.  "Alright Gene, whip out that
     shaft", Linda cheered as he pulled his trousers and shorts down
     with one tug.      

     A hush fell over the room, save for Lisa's whining, as we all
     stared at the dong hanging between his legs.  I had never seen
     anything like it and looked at my pitiful little thing in envy. 
     Linda gazed in admiration, Margaret gaped at it in terror and Lisa
     stopped crying, frozen in absolute horror, knowing where Gene was
     going to stick it.  

     It wasn't super long, maybe about 9 inches, but, even hanging in
     its flaccid state between his legs, it had to be the thickest cock
     ever worn by a human being.  Even limp, it was as big around as a
     beer can; a veinless, flesh-colored log capped with a head equally
     as big around.  A deep, long cleft split the apple-sized head into
     two blunt, rounded halves already shiny with his pre-cum.

     He reached down and gripped himself, beginning to jack this
     massive thing to attention.  As he stroked himself, it began to
     stiffen and deepen in color.  It didn't take him long to get
     completely hard, the smooth purple pole jutting straight out, not
     bending up like most men.  "Let's get her ready", he mumbled and
     grabbed the red nylons off the floor.  Ripping the legs from the
     panty part, he tied off each of Lisa's massive breasts, wrapping
     them near the base as Linda removed her hands.  This kept them so
     tightly packed together they looked like a set of huge dull-red
     butt cheeks standing out from her chest. 

     Cinching the nylon tight, he said to Linda, "OK.  I'll take her. 
     Get yourself ready fast.  I'm startin' to get soft.". He grabbed
     Lisa's arms and held her back as Linda began feverishly stripping
     down.  Boots came off, but she left her socks on.  Then the fat
     girl tugged her t-shirt over her head, revealing a nice little
     pair of knockers with small hard nipples nestled between fat upper
     arms.  

     "OK, hold her down.", Linda stammered as she started pulling her
     wranglers down over her wide ass.  Gene grabbed a chair and forced
     Lisa into a sitting position.  Holding her arms locked around the
     backrest, he tied her wrists behind her with the remainder of the
     pantyhose.  She struggled hard, knowing something was about to
     happen to her, but Gene finished the job by knotting her hair back
     around the chair post, locking her firmly in place.

     As Linda's pants fell down to her ankles, Lisa's eyes bugged out. 
     She shook and wiggled violently, almost knocking the chair over in
     her attempt to get away, even though Gene leaned all of his weight
     on the backrest to hold it in place.  I wondered, "Why is she
     fighting so hard?  She know's it's useless.  Besides, she must
     have seen other naked girls before.".  But she continued fighting
     as if her life depended on it.  Then I saw it and all of a sudden
     I couldn't blame her for trying to get away.

     Somewhere, in the back of my stunned mind, I remembered reading
     about this.  Maybe it was in some medical book, but I didn't
     really believe it and I sure never thought I'd see it.  But here
     it was, standing before me; a prime example of Kleinfelter's
     syndrome.  Margaret gasped in fright, Diane turned away red-faced
     and I began rubbing myself again as we viewed the magnificent, yet
     revolting, specimen.
       
     Through some freak accident of nature Linda had been born both
     male and female at the same time.  Not a transvestite, not a phony
     she-male, but a true hermaphrodite with both sets of sexual organs
     fully developed.  A thick, eight inch penis covered with bluish
     veins and a large pair of testicles hung between her chunky legs
     from a triangular blond bush.  Her wide ass was flat and muscular
     like a man's, but she had that nice little pair of titties sitting
     up there.  And, as she bent over to step out of her jeans, I could
     see a pair of smooth, pink vaginal lips in the space between her
     asshole and balls.

     No wonder this girl was so screwed up.  No wonder she had a weight
     problem.  With all of the conflicting sexual urges boiling inside
     of her, it was a miracle she could lead anything close to a normal
     life.  From the way she went after girls, the male drive must have
     become dominant, but I could see that the feminine urges were
     still working to some extent from the way she idolized Gene.  

     All of this was swirling around in my skull, trying to sort itself
     out, but I was too excited to think.  Diane, forcing herself to
     look, began fingering herself with one hand.  She was confused,
     but the sight of that thing growing out of Linda, out of a girl,
     made her flush with heat.  Staring fixedly at it, she encircled my
     dick with her other fist and began making me hard again.  Her
     mother, tied and helpless on the other desk, closed her eyes in
     digust at the degenerate display her young daughters and employees
     were putting on.

     Jeff had taken Daphne face-down on the floor.  Holding her down
     with a knee in her back, he wrenched her arms behind her and began
     tying the elbows and wrists together with strips of her shredded
     blouse.  It looked like he was getting her ready for another hot
     session, but I was too busy watching the scene in front of me to
     care.

     Lisa, like a cornered little deer, had gone beyond panic and sat
     meekly, now that they had her tamed, and awaited her fate.  Linda,
     tongue hanging out, was visibly panting in anticipation.  Her cock
     thickened on its own, slanting and jerking upward to about half
     staff.  Moving up on the frightened girl, she slung a leg over
     each side of Lisa's chair, slurring something like, "Okay, okay,
     my little honey.  I've wanted this for so long.".  

     Tied tightly to the chair post by her hair, Lisa's head was held
     immobile as the fat girl straddled her lap, the big female cock
     perfectly positioned level with her mouth.  Gripping herself by
     the base, Linda commanded, "Open", and began pushing the head into
     Lisa's plump, red lips.  Recoiling in horror as the knob of flesh
     sunk into her small oral hole, Lisa clenched her teeth shut to
     keep out the invading organ.  Linda tried to force it past the
     enamel wall, but gave up in frustration and slapped her savagely,
     "Come on!  Open it, bitch!". 

     She tried to put it in again, but Lisa was clenched shut in
     deathly fear.  Linda slapped her again and again, until Gene
     grabbed her wrists, "Whoa!  Take it easy, girl.  We don't want to
     damage this pretty face.  Let me do it.".  Placing the fingers of
     his large hands along the undersides of Lisa's jaw, he dug his
     thumbs into the joints under her ears and began a hard massage.  I
     could see despair creep into her eyes as he worked her clenched
     mandibles against each other, all the while pushing in with his
     thumbs.  The jaws are the most powerful muscles in the human body,
     but Lisa's began to open against her will as Gene expertly applied
     pressure to the selected points along her neck.  He continued to
     manipulate her until her teeth hung open inside her clenched lips.  

     He maintained his lock on her jaws while Linda positioned herself
     again and inserted the head into Lisa's rosebud lips.  Gripping
     the top of the chair, she pushed in with her lard hips.  Lisa
     tried to keep her mouth shut, but it was no contest this time. 
     With no teeth in the way, Linda's large flaccid rod slid in
     easily, parting Lisa's little lips wide open, completely filling
     the moist, red opening.  

     She pulled out almost all the way, then jerked her wide-body hips
     forward, stuffing it back in to the hilt and slamming her fat
     stomach into Lisa's face, "Next time I tell you to do something
     you do it, you little whore.  Now suck my meat hard".  Bending
     slightly at the knees for leverage, Linda began to rock her hips;
     smothering the helpless girl's face with each forward stroke.  Her
     cock began to grow hard and thick with bluish veins standing out
     like quarter-inch cords on the ugly looking ramrod.

     Relieving Gene, Linda took hold of Lisa's jaws to keep them sprung
     open and with increasingly hard strokes humped her hot little O,
     stretching the lips even wider.  Lisa, arms and head tied back,
     offered no resistance as Linda's engorged male member moved
     against the soft sucking tissue of her inner cheeks.  Plocking,
     squishy, wet sounds melted into my ears as saliva poured into her
     oral cavity, lubricating Linda's penis which was now stiff as a
     board.  Diane's fist jacked my cock even faster now and her own
     fingers rubbed in tight little circles over her spongy pud.  

     Watching my Lisa getting face-fucked by Linda was really turning
     me on.  I stood Diane up and bent her over the back of her chair,
     facing the action and positioned myself behind the deep slit in
     her young ass.  Grabbing a mound in each hand, I began massaging
     her tight, round butts.  They were deliciously smooth and as I
     worked the baby-soft buns between my fingers they actually began
     to generate heat!  A warm glow flooded into my fingers from inside
     them as Diane began moaning again.        

     With his hands now free, Gene reached his long arms around the
     chair.  With one hand he cupped Linda's blond, hairy testicles and
     squeezed them softly.  Coming in from behind with the other hand,
     he stuck one of his big fingers into her smooth, pink vagina. 
     Somewhat shocked, Linda withdrew herself from Lisa's aching mouth
     and stood stock still.  

     As Gene worked her over from both sides, conflicting male and
     female sex drives raged and boiled inside.  She was grunting like
     a woman in heat from the hand in her tender pussy and her hard
     prick was twitching up and down as he began to jerk it off with
     the other hand.  She began bucking her fat hips in his arms;
     desperate to come, together in one body, as man and as woman.  

     Gene grabbed the big girl's hard tool and eased the writhing thing
     toward Lisa's chest.  Her breasts were red as beets from being
     tied so tightly with her pantyhose and had swelled obscenely,
     nipple rolls black and tight with blood. Linda was out of control,
     jackhammering her cunt and cock blindly as Gene tried to guide her
     in.  Finally finding the opening, she thrust into the crack. 
     Mounting Lisa's bound tits as if they were a pair of bloated ass
     cheeks, she began to jerk rhythmically in and out.  

     Continuing to finger Linda's clit and cunt, Gene gripped himself
     with his other hand.  Moving up to straddle the back of the chair,
     balls skimming the top of Lisa's head, he pointed his penis at
     Linda's lips.  Sweat was pouring off her straining face as she
     humped Lisa's tits, but her female instincts surfaced at the sight
     of his maleness.  Opening up wide and lapping out her tongue, she
     obediently seated his fat, blunt sausage into her mouth and began
     to give him head.

     The sight was too much for me and I sank deep into Diane's hot,
     young vaginal slot, fucking her from behind with smooth long
     strokes; both of us leering at the obscene show.  Linda grunted
     like a bitch in heat as Gene's sliding meat began to grow in her
     mouth, filling the opening completely.  He was sweating heavily
     too, grinding his hips into her fat face, finger fucking her cunt,
     and staring down at her rigid pole pumping Lisa's bound breasts.  

     Just then, I spied Jeff rise up from behind the desk on our right
     dragging Daphne along by her hair.  Already, during the day, she
     had been fist fucked up her anus, had her butt crack poked with a
     twisted rope made from her own panties and had her delicious
     boobies jerked off twice.  And she had come each time, but now she
     was truly sick of it.  All the sex had gone out of her and she was
     fighting him, just wanting to be done with it and get out of
     there.

     Jeff, however, was only getting started.  After arm fucking
     Daphne's asshole, the juices were finally flowing in this
     all-american boy and he wanted to put his cock in the real thing
     now.  Letting loose of her head, he grasped a fistful of Daphne's
     bushy cunthair and propelled her along toward the other desk. 
     Seeing her destination, she struggled fiercely, but, with her arms
     pinioned behind her, Jeff's painful grip on her curls forced her
     movements to obey his.   

     Dragging Daphne by her mound with one hand, Jeff scooped up Gene's
     long leather belt in the other as he slammed her into the other
     end of Margaret's desk.  Her head was held arched in the air by
     the taut binding that Linda had made from Daphne's panties and she
     could do nothing but watch in horror as Jeff gripped the back of
     her daughter's neck.  Slowly, he mashed her writhing face into
     Margaret's until their lips crushed together.  Looping Gene's belt
     around the back of their heads and then again around their necks,
     he notched the end in the buckle and cinched it tight, locking
     mother and daughter in an obscene, incestuous kiss.  
      
     "Now isn't that cute.  To see a mother and daughter so close.  Go
     on Daphne, give your mommy a kiss.".  The women tried to turn
     their heads away, but the leather strap held their faces tight and
     their struggles only worked their plump, wet lips deeper into each
     other.  Moving around in back of Margaret, Jeff ran his hands over
     the bronze, muscular globes of her rear end, "Ooh mama!  Now I
     know where Daphne got that ass from.  I'm gonna love slappin' your
     cheeks".  Sliding down to the tuft of red hair between her open
     legs, he squeezed and hefted her vaginal pouch, forcing her lips
     to part and blow a warm gasp into her daughter's mouth.  

     Daphne's lips reacted to her mother's warm, moaning breath and
     instinctively opened.  Margaret's tongue slipped in and the belt
     tightened down harder, sloshing and mixing their slippery oral
     juices, as Jeff began fluttering her clit through the red hair. 
     Sliding his hand out from under her, he gave her tan rear a slap
     and she went on automatic pilot.  Unable to control herself now,
     she continued tonguing Daphne, who actually began to respond to
     her mother's wet kisses.  I was staring mezmerized as she began
     heating up again, groaning in involuntary response, when my
     attention was jerked back to center stage.

     The nerve pinch began to wear off of Lisa and her jaws began to
     move again, but she kept her mouth open.  Little gasps and squeals
     erupted from those luscious lips as her sensitive tits began to
     respond to the girl fuck.  Linda whipped it in; slapping her
     stomach against the raw nerve endings in Lisa's nipples until
     white milk squeezed out of the hard, black posts, smearing onto
     the fat girl's prong.  Feeling the fluid pour into Lisa's tit
     trough, greasing her pole, Linda raised up on her toes and began
     humping wildly; contracting balls driving her into the male part
     of her orgasm.

     Just then, Jeff, who had sneaked over, mounted her large butt and
     drove his rod into her hairless, pink female opening from behind;
     commencing to fuck her doggy style.  Feeling the stiff, male
     member poke and penetrate her, Linda matched her rhythm to it;
     banging her cunt backward onto Jeff's cock each time he drove into
     her and pushing her cock into Lisa's tits on her forward thrusts. 
     Feminine sexual grunts erupted from her throat onto the hard
     sausage imbedded in her mouth as her female climax started to
     build. 

     Stiffened to the diameter of a teacup, Gene fucked her puffing
     cheeks furiously, while his hand worked on her clit, bringing her
     to her female climax at the same time.  His peach-sized balls
     stretched to the bursting point, sagging heavily with semen, as he
     stiffened on his feet.  It looked like he was going to shoot, but
     he stopped pumping when he felt Linda start to go; wanting to time
     his own come with hers.  Banging Diane's jiggling rear, I watched
     him try to bring Lisa off together with them.

     The chair began rocking on its feet as Lisa bucked and wiggled. 
     She looked up and could see Gene's piston mouth-fucking Linda who
     was tit-fucking her while being screwed by Jeff from behind.  She
     hated them both, but knew that these two gross-outs were going to
     make her come.  And when Gene cupped her in his other hand, she
     felt the rumble deep inside.

     Sliding the middle finger in, he expertly found the G-spot on the
     roof of her canal and pushed the button hard.  As if she were
     strapped in the electric chair, and Gene the leering executioner,
     she felt him finger her tender spot, making her twitch and vibrate
     harder and harder until the sexual shock took her.  Sizzling up
     from her center, coursing through muscle and nerve tissue, it
     jerked the gorgeous young woman into a shattering come.

     Her legs reflexed and shot straight out, locking at the knees.
     Like a helpless epileptic, foam bubbled from her mouth and she
     involuntarily spat hot saliva onto Linda's fat belly as the
     seizure began to take control of her extremities.  Her toes
     twitched at the end of locked legs, her wrists strained at their
     nylon bindings and spasm after spasm jerked her belly inward. 
     Surging into her tits, it began to pulsate them, each rippling
     contraction pushing a visible bulge down the outside of her
     enormous bulbs into the vibrating nipples until they spat out
     streams of hot, pressurized milk onto Linda's lurching dick.  

     As the hot flood of Lisa's breast cum poured onto her, Linda's
     male climax let go.  Her thick back arched over with a snap,
     driving her spewing cock into the air.  Flailing like a firehose
     out of control, it squirted all over Lisa, thick cum mixing with
     hot, runny breast milk.  The force of her contractions burst
     Lisa's breasts from their bindings and thrust Linda up into her
     face.  A random spasm of Linda's butt speared the open mouth in
     front of it and she began dumping the remainder of her man-load
     into Lisa's foaming saliva.  

     In the midst of her male orgasm Linda felt a sweet, new sensation
     overtake her as the two men forced out her female climax.  Gene
     pumped her head hole rapidly and then froze as his sagging balls
     squeezed gelatinous globs of male cum down her throat.  At the
     same moment Jeff rammed it into her from behind, slapping against
     the fat cheeks, until his young, stiff dick began spitting juice
     into her female hole.  

     "Please, oh please, Roy!  Make me come too!", cried Diane, but I
     continued stroking her smoothly, keeping her poised on the
     plateau, wanting her to watch the whole show first.  With the men
     pumping jism into her at both ends, hot milk spraying onto her
     swollen tits, and her cock filling Lisa's mouth with cum, Linda
     was being torn apart from the dual orgasms raging inside her.    

     Her womb was jerking inward like a woman and her groin spasmed
     forward like a man at the same time causing her to vibrate in
     place as her spastic organs drained their love juices out in both
     directions.  

     As the three of them began coming down, Gene pulled out of Linda's
     full mouth and finished off on Lisa's head, dripping the last of
     his cream onto her hair and forehead.  Linda blasted her last few
     shots on Lisa's nose and cheeks, coating her glasses with opaque
     white ooze, but saved the best for last.  

     I finally gave Diane a racking orgasm and emptied myself into her
     swollen twat as I watched Linda finish.  She hadn't swallowed all
     of Gene's load, but had stored most of it in her puffed cheeks
     like a beaver.  As Jeff pulled his limp tool out of her cunt, she
     leaned over and belched out the whole warm, slimy load onto Lisa's
     face and breasts.  Completing the humiliation, Linda filled her
     hands with Lisa's slick, shiny mammaries and massaged the cream
     into them, the cum making delicious squishing sounds as her hands
     worked over the immense globes.

     Groggy from her ordeal, coughing and choking, Linda stepped back
     and huffed at Gene, "Man, you really shot a load.  I thought I was
     going to drown!", and then in Jeff's direction, "And you.  You
     really got me off good, Jewboy.  But who told you you could do
     anything to me?  I'd call that rape and I'm gonna get you back for
     it, you little prick.".  Jeff only laughed, "You're not gonna do
     anything, you fat pig.  You were begging for it and I gave it to
     you".  She turned to Lisa, "And look at you, you little cow; all
     plump and juicy.  You liked that cum bath, didn't you.  Let me
     taste.".  She scooped a big slug of the thick white jelly off one
     of Lisa's boobs and slurped it off into her mouth.  Gulping it
     down, she barked "Hey!  Didn't you hear me!  What's the matter
     with you!  Hey, Gene, I think the bitch is still coming!".   

     Lisa's legs had remained locked straight out through the whole
     thing and she hadn't made a sound.  I stared at her, awestruck,
     still wrapped over Diane's back, and thought, "She must be going
     into multiple orgasms just from the tit fuck!".  Gene must have
     sensed the same thing.  Motioning everyone else back, he reached
     under her sweating armpits.  He gripped her slippery nipples and
     squeezed the turgid stalks in slow circular motions.  With the
     binding removed, blood began pumping back into her tit sacks,
     filling them with a million pins and needles, waking them up.  She
     cried out painfully as he grabbed on.

     Suddenly, Gene's eyes opened wide in amazement.  He felt around
     under her arms with his big pinkies and then muttered at Linda,
     "Goddam.  I don't believe it.  Lookie what we got here!".  Pulling
     her shoulders back roughly, he displayed her underarms.  I thought
     I had seen it all that day, but I gazed in shock again at a second
     set of stiff, deep-red nipples growing out of Lisa's armpits.  I
     had read about this somewhere too, and knew that it was possible,
     but who could have thought that I'd actually see it!  No wonder
     she came like that.  They must have been rubbing against the back
     of the chair the whole time.

     Everyone stood back in a circle around her and watched as Gene
     kept working on her.  "Well!  Come on little girl.  Keep it going. 
     You're gonna help yourself get off now.".  He untied her wrists
     and jumped back as her orgasming arms whipped into the air. 
     Moving in again, he grabbed the flailing wrists and forced her
     arms around to her front.  Straining them inward, he filled her
     clutching fingers with painfully sensitive boob flesh.  Having
     something to lock onto, her hands squeezed herself spastically,
     further stimulating the big set of nipples.  At the same time Gene
     cupped her armpits and rhythmically rubbed her secondary paps,
     which began milking out their warm nectar in spurts onto her ribs.

     Straining the knotted hair holding her to the chair pole, Lisa's
     head began bobbing mechanically forward and back, building
     steadily in force.  Her toes still curled and twitched on the ends
     of her locked legs and she began emitting little squealing noises
     as a series of orgasms rocked her.  Gene released his hold and
     stood back with the rest of us.  Silently, we watched the little
     girl, locked into the chair, slicked down with cum, fitfully grab
     and clutch her huge breasts and nipples.  We stared at her for
     thirty seconds; forty seconds; a full minute!  She began squealing
     like a pig and the heavy steel chair rocked on its legs as her
     head thrashed with increasing violence; building... building....
     building........ 

     "CRRRRRIIIICCCCCH....", her final spasm ripped her out of the
     chair, leaving the knot and two good-sized handfuls of her hair
     hanging on the post.  Sprawling onto the floor, Lisa rested on
     hands and knees; hanging, bulging breasts dripping gooey white
     masses from their receding nipples. Gasping and panting to recover
     her senses, she gagged out globs of her own foam mixed with
     Linda's stale male scum in digust, while wiping the cold sticky
     stuff off of her glasses so she could see again.  

     Pretending to be dazed and confused, Lisa's eyes furtively darted
     around the room, glaring hatred at Linda and Gene, but really
     checking for an escape route.  Gene may have got his hand in her,
     but no one had actually tried to put their thing into her
     womanhood yet, and she was going to make sure no one did.  Making
     her move, she bounced to her feet and madly dashed for the door,
     naked jugs flouncing in all directions at once, fleshy waves
     rippling up and down jiggling rumps.  She tried to catch them by
     surprise and sneak her 5'4" frame through the circle of towering
     people around her.

     I was kinda hoping she'd make it and she almost did, but it just
     wasn't in the cards.  Still groggy and recovering from her
     orgasms, Linda was stunned as Lisa ran by, but managed to grab a
     handful of hair.  Powered by desperation, Lisa kept pumping her
     thighs and Linda stared in surprise as a large, wavy clump ripped
     off in her hand with a horrendous stitching noise.  Lisa kept
     running, but the painful hair-pull slowed her enough for Gene to
     get her.

     Spinning with suprising agility for a big man, he got in front of
     Lisa before she could react, barring her escape route, and
     scolding, "uh uh. we ain't through with you yet, little girl.". 
     Thrusting one arm up between her legs from the front, he hooked
     the other under the surprised girl's armpit.  Squatting at the
     knees and then jerking up like a weightlifter, he lifted her with
     a mighty heave up into the air.  In one fluid motion he pushed his
     forearm against her vagina for leverage and somersaulted her over
     onto her back in mid-air, legs scissoring wildly as she went over
     the top, and dumped her hard onto the desk.  Man, what a move!

     Lisa hit so hard, she bounced on impact and banged her head a
     couple of times, knocking her senseless.  Arms hanging limply over
     the sides of the desk, she lay helpless before Gene, mammoth
     breasts billowing out like large, white pillows.  "Yea!  Do it
     Gene.  Put it to her!  Take her, hard!", yelled Linda.

     Lisa began to come around and started sobbing, still unable to
     move, as he lifted her calves up onto his shoulders.  Fat tears
     were rolling out from behind her rose-colored glasses, which had
     managed to stay on, as she tried to move her arms to cover her
     shame.  But they hung like lead over edge of the desk.  Still
     groggy from the fall, all she could do was weakly whimper, "Oh,
     no. Nooooo... Please don't do this to me.  Oh God, why are you
     doing this?".

     Locked in his sexual fever, Gene leaned over her.  His shoulders
     bent her legs straight back over and together toward her head, 
     forcing her plump brown mound to bulge out between them.  Gene got
     her feet into his cavernous armpits and held her locked in place
     as she started moaning and struggling again.  

     I could see that he was still soft and would need some oral action
     to get it up again so soon.  He called out to Linda, "Get yourself
     over here and gimme some head.  I wanna bust this little girl.",
     but she had already moved to the other side of the desk and was
     maneuvering into position by Lisa's head.  A faraway look wafted
     over Diane and she made a move to get up, but I stopped her,
     "What's the matter with you?  Are you nuts?".  But she struggled
     free and whispered in my ear, "I know. I know he's a bastard, but
     I've got to do this.  I can't explain it, but I have to have his
     huge thing in my mouth.  Please don't stop me.".

     I knew I had to let her go and sadly watched her small, sexual
     form timidly move toward him.  Kneeling in front of him, between
     him and the desk, she put her little fingers around him, only able
     to encircle about half of it even when he was limp.  A little
     unsure of what to do with the ugly, enormous horse dong, she just
     kind of handled it, flopping it around near her face.  

     Gene began swelling and stiffening in the hot little hand, forcing
     her to use both hands to grip him now and softly encouraged her,
     "That's it, little darlin'.  Don't be afraid of it.  You just open
     wide, like at the dentist and uncle Gene will give you a lollipop
     to suck.".  Diane's cute, freckled face stared in awe at the thick
     tube of flesh in her hands.   Mesmerized, she obediently opened
     her jaws as far as she could, stuck her tongue out and closed her
     eyes.  Gene inched forward and pressed the head into her opening,
     still bigger around than her mouth at it's widest.  

     She flinched as the blunt ram butted up against her mouth hole,
     realizing just how huge it was, and tried to back out, but she
     found herself pinned, her calves stuck back under the desk.  She
     started to panic, but Gene had her now and applied steadily
     increasing pressure against her lips, bending and bowing her
     jawbone into a wider circle.  He had her lower body jammed against
     the desk with his legs and his fat, hard beer-belly smothered her
     bent arms back onto her face, keeping her palms gripped around his
     shaft.  

     She cried out in anguish as the painful, unrelenting pressure
     pushed the back of her head against Lisa's taut, shiny buns;
     flattening the soft vaginal ridges out on her skull.  She couldn't
     open up any wider and was in agonizing pain, but he just kept
     pushing and pushing, mumbling soothing words that she couldn't
     hear.  "Goddam it Linda, I'm gonna split this little girl in two,
     if I don't get some help over here.".  Leaving Lisa, Linda opened
     the small refrigerator they kept in the office, bent in and pulled
     out a quart jar of mayonaisse.

     Running over to him, she twisted the lid off, scooped out a mound
     of the cold, white, oily glop and thrust her hand in between him
     and Diane.  Working and massaging the merangue, she slicked him
     down, also rubbing a heavy load into Diane's taut lips.  "Ok Gene,
     come on.  Push!  Split those lips.  Feed it to her!".  Feeling the
     lubrication kick in, Gene bore down with all his weight.  Diane's
     hands slipped back and forth on the cushion of foam as he jerked
     his hips slightly, making him even bigger, and he watched himself
     disappear slowly, deliciously into the young redhead's grossly
     distended mouth.  

     Linda picked up the remnants of Lisa's red pantyhose and carried
     them, along with the jar, back to the other end of the desk. 
     Gripping Lisa's weakened right forearm, she brought the wrist up
     and across; knotting it tightly to her left knee.  Repeating the
     process on the left arm and right knee with the remaining panty
     leg, she got her into a nice cradle.  Gene's shoulders pressured
     her ankles to hold her knees bent just enough to keep her limbs
     stretched to the limit, exposing the shiny red lumps of nipple in
     her armpits.  

     Feeling herself become increasingly immobile, being folded up
     little by little, Lisa began to blubber as they increased their
     control.  There was little she could do now except thrash her head
     and Linda soon put a stop to that too.  Her head was hanging down
     over the edge of the desk and she watched upside-down, through a
     sheet of tears as Linda began stroking her flaccid tool again
     until it became semi-hard.  "Mmmmm, lemme get some of that grease. 
     I wanna slide into that little mouth of yours reeeal easy."

     Linda plunged her semi-stiff cock straight into the jar of now
     warm mayo and jacked the jar back and forth on it; the whipped oil
     and egg yolks sending thick, mucking sounds into Lisa's ear. 
     Linda swelled and hardened to her full eight inches in the warm
     creme and then pulled out.  I could see thick blue veins worming
     their way around her two inch diameter rod, which was piled high
     with mounds of the white, greasy gunk.   

     Pinching Lisa's nose shut with the thumb and forefinger of her
     right hand, Linda pressed down on her forehead with the palm,
     pushing her head almost straight down, her smooth white neck
     jutting straight out over the edge of the desk.  Forced to breathe
     through her mouth, Lisa opened just a hair and instantly felt
     Linda's other palm apply forward pressure to her chin and leverage
     her jaws wide open.  I thought only guys knew about this position
     (with the girl's head pushed down out of the way you can get way
     in there and give her true deepthroat satisfaction), but Linda
     sure knew her stuff.  Of course, she wasn't any ordinary girl,
     either.

     Holding her open easily, Linda straddled Lisa's chin and mounted
     her small, gaping mouth.  For the second time today, Lisa's
     tantalizing lips were split and her mouth speared by Linda's hard
     cock.  The heaps of warm mayo greased her entrance and she gagged
     as her mouth became stuffed with the pasty goo.  Not needing the
     nose hold any longer, Linda let go, her fat butt holding the head
     down, as she entered.  She gripped Lisa's breasts and began to
     work on the big rubbery mounds of flesh, pinching and twisting the
     humongous nipples; beginning to move her hips slowly.  

     With blood rushing into her hanging head, her tits and nipples
     being rubbed to excitement, Linda's hard rod pushing and sliding
     in her grease packed mouth and Diane's head being bounced against
     her mound by Gene, Lisa began to daze out.  Linda pushed in
     farther and, with a heave, split herself onto Lisa's nose.  In a
     fog, Lisa began to respond as the rod stroked in and out of her
     mouth with increasing force.  Linda's face clouded over and she
     began to stimulate both her sexes on Lisa's head.  Her cunt
     gripped Lisa's cute little button-nose, the tip flicking her clit
     on each stroke as her man-meat fucked the girl's oily, rosebud
     lips.   

     Gene, now fully lubricated, humped Diane's freckled face and
     hands, "That's it, little girl.  Suck it.".  But Diane was in no
     position to suck anything.  She was in real pain as Gene pumped
     slowly in and out.  It looked like her entire face had opened into
     one, big hole, stretched so wide by his unbelievably fat pole. 
     Her lips had peeled back, uncovering her teeth and gums and, as
     Gene rode her, they dug wide ridges into his flesh, exciting him
     even more. 
       
     Feeling her little teeth gliding over him, Gene picked up the
     pace, beginning a hard, steady ram.  Lisa's hips reacted to the
     back of the head pushing against her and automatically started
     working with it, ramming it forward on each of Gene's inward
     thrusts.  With her head sandwiched like that and being banged
     around from both sides I knew Diane couldn't take much more.  Gene
     had hold of her by the wrists, using her encircling hands as a
     tunnel in which he pumped the body of his shaft while the head of
     his cock filled her mouth.

     Each time he pushed, Gene forced a large glob of mayo into her
     open throat and she was having trouble swallowing, but he had her
     stretched so wide that she couldn't even cough.  He pumped faster,
     rhythm breaking down as his orgasm approached and, in silence,
     Diane began to turn blue; windpipe becoming clogged with the
     stuff.  I was just about to make my move to save her when Linda
     reached over and smacked him in the face.  "Hey man!  Don't forget
     what you came here for.  Save some for these pussy lips", she
     said, pointing to the mouth between Lisa's legs.

     He glared at her for a moment and then admitted, "Yea.  You're
     right, but this hot little sucker almost made me come.  Thanks for
     getting me up, darlin'.".  As he slid out and let her go, Diane
     sagged to floor, coughing and puking as she expeled out clogs of
     mayonaisse.  

     Clearly exhausted, she was on knees and elbows with her head
     resting on the floor in front of the desk.  Her freckled, rounded
     buttocks jutted up in the air, splitting wide to reveal the fuzzy
     swollen fruit hanging between her legs as she panted and gasped to
     regain her senses.  The color had just begun returning to her
     cheeks when Jeff ran over and knelt down behind her, his prick
     stiff from watching the main show.

     Before she realized what was happening, he raised up into a
     crouch, moved his legs outside of hers and mounted her butt.  He
     pressed down on her back with one hand, pushed from underneath on
     her tummy with the other to hold her up and inserted his tool into
     the plump orange ball, splitting her into two juicy slices.  The
     poor girl was too weak to fight him, still gagging from the
     mouth-fuck, but he immediately rammed all the way in and started
     pounding her with hard, driving strokes.

     Burns singed her cheek as Jeff's pumping power scraped her face
     back and forth along the scruffy office carpet and she cried out
     in pain.  I made a move to help her, but was stopped short when I
     heard her cries melt into..... 

     "Unh!  Oh yeah, pump me.  Mmmmmph!  Do it hard.  Mmmummummmuh!". 

     As I watched him continue to ride her rear, I felt myself pulsing
     and getting hard again.  Desperate for relief, my eyes darted over
     to Daphne.  Still strapped around the neck with Gene's belt to her
     mother, her magnificent butts jiggled fiercely as she bucked her
     hips and moaned in response to Margaret's tongue in her mouth. 
     Forgetting all that had I had done earlier, I moved in behind her
     and squeezed those huge butt bags, my hands melting into the soft
     flesh.  She slithered her tongue out of her mother's mouth just
     long enough to plead, "Stick me Roy.  Eeeeeeyuuunh!  Ooh, please. 
     Put it in.  Spread my buns and fuck me doggy-style.".

     That was all I needed to hear.  Circling my cock with one hand, I
     started fisting my erection and slipped my other hand into her
     fifteen-inch crack, feeling in the warm, greasy tunnel for her
     pussy.    

     "Aaaaah! Oh yeah baby.  You like mayo on your meat, don't ya.",
     Linda cooed.  She was really moving now, force-feeding her purple
     prick in and out of the tight mouth with increasing speed and
     rhythm, her wide rump slapping Lisa's head into the desk.  The
     faster she stroked, the more she whipped up the emulsion,
     enlarging the mass of oil and egg yokes even further.  Lisa
     couldn't contain it and the stuff began forcing its way out in
     foamy donuts around Linda's pole each time she drove into the
     inert lips.

     "Come on Gene.  Mmmmm!  Put it in her.  Split the cow-bitch's twat
     before I come.  Unh!"

     Lifting a knee up at a time, Gene climbed up onto the desk, Lisa's
     feet still crushed in his armpits.  His body length forced her
     knees and wrists to bend inward just to keep her legs from
     breaking and her butt stretched tight back in the process.  Her
     brown, textured cunt lips mushed out like a giant mushroom from
     between the white globes, blossoming open like a flower pod and
     peeling back the foreskin of her quivering clit.

     Big Gene clamped a vice-like hand around each of her biceps,
     pinning her upper body down to the desk.  Raising up on locked
     arms, he fitted the bulb of his piston into her vaginal lips.  It
     snuggled into the deep coral opening, bulging the brown ridges out
     around it, a big clump of mayo coating them with thick,
     lubricating film.  Lisa closed her eyes in despair, not daring to
     believe, yet knowing what would come next.

     Lisa was gagging on the acrid mayonaisse as Linda fucked her mouth
     and nose, but, still, I thought I heard her grunt out, "No! No!
     No!" as Gene entered her.  Her knees were bent over together
     almost onto her chest.  Her wrists, being crossed and tied to her
     knees, were forced to come with them, opening up her armpits wide. 
     With his thumbs, Gene flicked Lisa's underarms, exciting the
     swollen nipples, sending a shudder through the tightly tied
     package.  At the same instant, putting all his weight into his
     ass, he drove his spike into her.  

     Lisa's elastic outer cunt lips widened to accept the huge
     instrument and she let out a muffled scream from her stuffed mouth
     as Linda squealed in delight, "Alright Daddy!  Slip it in.  Split
     her in two!".  He pushed it in, the four-inch wide pole spreading
     her wide, but stopped abruptly after about three inches of the
     head had disappeared.  Surprised, he pulled out and rammed it in
     again, forcing out another painful yelp, but again he stuck after
     getting only the head into her.  

     Linda continued to bang Lisa's lips as Gene looked at her with awe
     and whispered, "Well, I'll be damned.  You were right.  She's a
     virgin. Nineteen years old, with a body like this, and still
     cherry.  This is going be extra special.  How'd you know it?". 
     Linda was sweating from her exertions, quivering as her sexual
     tension built, but managed to grunt at him, "Goddam it Gene.  A
     woman can sense these things.  I could tell just by looking at
     her.  Now bust her open.  I'm starting to come."

     Bending Lisa over so tight that her ass humps rose off the desk,
     Gene raised up and then slammed down with all his might.  A low,
     loud wail erupted from deep inside Lisa as he sank half way in,
     breaking through the tough, elastic membrane of her hymen, making
     her a woman at last.  He stopped, gripped in the tight tube of
     virgin flesh, and waited; waited for Lisa to fully grasp the new
     feelings of fulfilled womanhood that he had given her, before
     continuing.  

     Raising up, he drove it home again, this time getting six inches
     into her.  Surprisingly, she didn't bleed at all as he continued
     to pull out and ram it in, again and again, sliding an inch more
     of his meat farther into her each time.  Finally, buried nine
     inches deep inside the virgin tunnel, he started to pump her with
     slow, deep strokes, just as Linda began to climax in her face.

     "Oh...oh...mmmmm....that's it.", her purple cock pushed deeper
     into Lisa's open throat, jerking in uneven spasms.  "Ummmm...sock
     it to her.", she raised up on her toes, big hips snapping like a
     whip.  "Awwwh....aaawwww....uh..uh..uh....ooooooooohhhhhhhh!", her
     cunt went first, dropping an oozing load of pearly woman-cum all
     over Lisa's nose and face.  Drooling down over her glasses and
     onto her forehead, the flowing cum drenched her hair; coating the
     brown, wavy locks into a slimy mat.

     A moment later, just as Gene began stroking for real, Linda
     plunged all the way into Lisa's throat.  With her head hanging
     down like that, there was only about two inches from Lisa's lips
     to the opening in her esophagus.  Linda caught her just as she was
     swallowing and forced six inches of cock into the tight, fluted
     tube.  The pole of flesh held lisa's windpipe shut as Linda's male
     climax overcame her.  She froze up, twitching a little, and
     squirted jets of sperm directly down the short, clenching pipe
     straight into Lisa's stomach.

     Feeling Linda's hot cum spit into her tummy, Lisa lurched and
     kicked, straining against the bindings holding her wrists to her
     knees,  but Gene held her in position with shoulder pressure on
     her ankles and the force of his shaft in her cunt.  Hormones
     flowed into her bloodstream from newly awakened woman-glands as
     she felt his huge thing pumping inside her freshly busted cherry. 
     He had her distended to a five inch diameter, completely stuffed;
     each heavy stroke forcing her big butts to balloon outward before
     his weight slammed into them.  

     Then the friction against her exposed clitoris caused it to begin
     growing.  

     The tiny banana reddened in color as it erupted and jerked itself
     an inch and a half out from the top of her fat vaginal lips, until
     it lay jammed against Gene's pounding pole.  His deep penetration
     rubbed hotly against her slippery inner walls, the friction
     burning her g-spot and building up a deliciously painful tension
     in the swollen nerve bundle at her center.  As he fucked her, he
     continued to stimulate the nipples under her arms, while Linda
     roughly squeezed her mammoth tit mounds.  Hot flashes exploded
     deep inside her groin as the big cock moved her clit tightly in
     and out of her hole, and when Linda grabbed onto her breast
     nipples she exploded.
      
     Her toes shot straight out, twitching rapidly, and shock waves
     rippled from her belly button to her plugged throat, heaving her
     chest up and down in Linda's hands.  White juice shot straight up
     from her nipples like geysers and Linda got her mouth over one of
     them, drinking several blasts into her.  Hot milk spat from Lisa's
     armpits onto Gene's hands, even as he continued to pound her and I
     thought the power of her climax might actually buck them off the
     table, but then her spasms began to lessen as her lungs ran out of
     air.  

     Linda remained stuck deep in her food tunnel, pumping long streams
     of jism down the gulping pipe, as Lisa foundered in the throes of
     her orgasm.  Her eyes rolled back into her head and she passed out
     just as Linda finished feeding her and withdrew her slimy dong
     from the slack mouth.  

     Silence filled the room except for Jeff, who had gotten Diane
     turned onto her back.  He had her thighs locked forward on his
     arms and was slapping against her upturned asscheeks, splitting
     her raw, red-haired peach into two plump sections.  She was crying
     and moaning, "Oh God!  Pleeeease, no!  I can't take it much more". 
     But this just spurred him on and he pumped harder.  The guy must
     have had incredible staying power.  He had been in her for ten
     minutes and showed no signs of stopping.  It is a known fact that
     if you can pump her, without letting up, for fifteen or twenty
     minutes, any woman has to orgasm and cannot fake it.  Not many men
     can do it that long, but it looked like Jeff was going to make
     sure with Diane.

     Meanwhile, the rest of us stared in horror at Lisa's lifeless
     form.  She was a real mess!  Her hair and face were coated with
     Linda's vaginal cum, her tits and arms covered with her own nipple
     milk and a gooey mixture of Linda's cock juice and mayonaisse
     dribbled out her open lips.  She did not move.

     Gene, however, kept driving his tool into her, able to slide much
     easier now that he was lubricated by her cum.  He didn't even
     notice that she wasn't responding any more, until, once again,
     Linda slapped him out of it.  "Jesus Christ, I think we killed
     her", she screamed at his fuming face, "You better stop unless you
     wanna be fucking a corpse!".  He stopped pumping and scolded her,
     "I can see there's still a lot you have to learn from me.  She
     ain't dead.  She only had the orgasm of death.  A lot of girls go
     through it when they get busted for the first time.  The lack of
     oxygen actually enhances their pleasure.  Now get over here and
     grease me up.  I'm gonna wake her up now.".

     Somewhat embarrassed at having missed that signal, Linda
     obediently walked to the side of the desk.  Gene pulled out of
     Lisa, still brick-hard and four inches wide.  He had stretched her
     so badly that her cunt didn't shut after he pulled out, the open
     chasm still pulsing with pearly fluid.  Gene was still coated with
     mayo and cum.  I couldn't see why he needed some more grease from
     Linda.  Maybe he just wanted show her that he was still the
     master.  In any case, resting on one arm, he turned to the side
     and gripped her head in his other hand and commanded, "Open!".  

     She smushed open her lips and ejected half a mouthful of Lisa's
     tit milk onto his shaft.  He pushed it in and fucked her mouth for
     a few strokes before pulling out and telling her, "Now, let's get
     her ready.".  Reversing his position so that his big, fat ass was
     pointing toward Lisa's head, he straddled her butt.  He bore down
     on her plump thighs, driving her knees, and the wrists attached to
     them, down to the desktop.  This forced her lower back off the
     desk and her ass rose with it until it was sticking straight up in
     the air.  

     Linda knew what to do in this situation.  Lisa's ankles had been
     bent back to her head and her shoulders had been pulled tight to
     her sides.  Linda grabbed the right foot and inserted it into the
     arm crack, trapping Lisa's ankle under her shoulder.  She repeated
     the process on the other foot, boxing Lisa up tighter than ever,
     her underarm nipples exciting themselves on her straining ankles.  

     Having finished her task, Linda moved back to Gene who was
     crouching over Lisa's upraised buttocks.  The huge globes of her
     rump had split open, revealing the wide, greasy, tan hole I had
     stuck my thumb into many hours before at the start of this
     incredible day.  Little wrinkles ringed it as it convulsed,
     sticking straight up in the open air.  My eyes bugged open as Gene
     positioned himself directly over it.  At that moment Lisa did
     begin to regain consciousness, to my relief, and I thought, "She
     IS going to die if he puts that in her asshole.".

     As she awoke, Lisa found it impossible to move, but she could 
     raise her head and, as she did, she was horrified as she looked
     through Gene's spread ass.  The first thing facing her was her
     newly violated womanhood, bent upside down toward her, still
     spread open and dripping.  Beyond that, she saw the rounded humps
     of her butt sticking up and the huge prick positioning itself
     between them.

     But the thing that really terrified her was the leering face
     staring at her.  Linda's face rose up over Lisa's spread cheeks
     and smiled at her obscenely from between Gene's legs.  As if
     caught in some nightmare, she watched Gene point to her puckered
     hole.  She sank her head back over the edge of the desk in despair
     as Linda opened her lips and deposited the rest of the tit-cum
     from her mouth into the brown crater.  Lisa flinched as the warm
     fluid ran into her and then arched her back in revulsion.  Linda
     lowered her head into the crack and planted her lips directly on
     the opening.  Greedily, she licked and sucked, even french-kissing
     it with her tongue to work the cream in deep.   

     Gene pushed Linda's head away and, crouching directly over Lisa's
     meaty humps, seated the wide head into her back entrance.  She
     felt the dull pressure as he penetrated her, but was powerless to
     resist it.  Lubricated by the mixture of breast milk, mayo and
     ass-grease he slid straight down into her.  I had never seen an
     ass split that wide and, as Gene pushed his log deep into Lisa, I
     gripped Daphne's hips and mounted her massive butt from behind.  I
     never did find her cunt in there, but it didn't matter at that
     point.  I stuck it in as deep as I could and began pumping her ass
     crack, forcing another hot gasp from her lips into her mother's
     eager mouth.

     Gripping the back of Lisa's thighs for leverage, Gene slowly
     pulled out and slid straight down into her again, splitting her
     painfully with his gigantic sausage.  Fully awake now, Lisa wanted
     to scream, but the pain was so great that only desperate, gurgling
     moans escaped her cum-coated lips.

     Margaret pulled her tongue out Daphne's mouth and began to beg,
     "Please, oh please....  Somebody fuck me.... I've got to have
     it.... unnh! unnh! unnh!".  Jerking her hips against the desk in
     vain, she moaned and pleaded as her daughter groaned at me, "Yeah! 
     Bang my ass, Roy.  Fuck my juicy crack hard!".  She sucked her
     mother's tongue back into her mouth as I socked it to her,
     slapping against the huge, jiggling white mounds.

     As Gene moved his plunger up and down in Lisa's ass, she continued
     to gurgle and grunt animal sounds in my direction.  Each time he
     drove into her greased tunnel the round humps split dangerously
     far apart and her ankles surged up into the nipples under her
     arms, forcing a sexual squeal from her gasping throat.  

     All of the hot, juicy action going on around her made Linda eager
     to get back into it.  She started heating herself up by reaching
     under her balls to finger her slot, but her prick remained soft
     after spouting into Lisa's throat.  Spying Diane being rammed by
     Jeff, she moved over, straddled the little girl's chest and got
     her into a schoolboy press, while Jeff continued to make her moan. 
     Grabbing her arms one at a time, she pinned them to the floor by
     kneeling on her biceps. 

     Diane struggled, flailing her forearms, but they hit harmlessly
     onto Linda's fat knees.  The big girl gripped the struggling,
     freckled face between her knees by the ears and raised it to her
     flaccid cock.  She forced the hot-pink lips open by twisting
     savagely on Diane's earlobes and inserted her manhood into the
     small, facial opening.  Jeff continued to stroke her swollen pussy
     as Linda, butt resting on ripe little tits, began to ride her
     mouth.  Linda's woman-cock got hard almost immediately as she
     fucked Diane's warm mouth flesh, her cunt copulating itself on one
     of the hard nipples below her.

     My balls tightened at the sight and I jacked Daphne's butt-crack
     with increasing speed, feeling a warm film of grease flow onto my
     jackhammering dick.  I reached around her tied arms and slid my
     hands under the tight breast tubes jutting out from her chest and
     began to jerk them off, feeling the hard flesh pulse rhythmically
     in my grip.

     Lisa's melons were wobbling like two huge plates of jello resting
     on her chest, the thick nipples turning brick-red, stiffening and
     raising little bumps all over the brown saucers surrounding the
     inch-long posts.  Gene raised up even further on his haunches, big
     fingers digging into the back of her thighs, and began to move the
     full length of his four-inch-wide monster in and out of her
     distended ass-tube in painfully slow strokes.  Lisa's throat
     finally loosened up and, each time she felt the thing slide in and
     push her open, she cried out, "Aaaaaaaaawwwwww!".
      
     "Fuck her hard!  Make her feel it!  Slap those cheeks!".  I
     couldn't tell if Linda was yelling at Jeff, Gene or myself, but we
     all whapped our girls with increased power, making them moan with
     heat.  Jeff had been in Diane for almost twenty minutes now and
     she began twitching under him and Linda, her little toes curling
     spastically as his lengthy pumping forced her into her first full
     vaginal orgasm.  Linda pulled her rock-hard tool out of diane's
     mouth, but continued to hold her jerking arms down with her knees. 

     Diane's back arched and her belly spasmed inward in fluttering
     thrusts.  Linda still had a tight hold on her ears and she bent
     her obscene face an inch away from Diane's, urging her, "That's it
     little mama.  Jerk it on out.  Come for Linda.".   She began to
     blow out soft, gutteral grunts into Linda's face as they held the
     thrashing girl down.  At the same moment fat Linda arched and
     rubbed her clit violently on Diane's nipple until she came and
     dumped a load of vaginal cum onto her heaving chest.

     Motioning to Jeff, who hadn't come yet, Linda got off and barked
     at him, "She not done yet!  She's cummin' again. Get on her and
     jug-fuck her!".  Jeff climbed up onto her chest as Linda got off. 
     Pulling her arms straight out along her hips and enclosing them
     with his kneeling calves, he bunched her apple-sized tits together
     with his hands, working Linda's cum into the jiggly mounds.  Diane
     must have inherited her sister's tit-sensitivity for she began to
     jitter again as Jeff cupped them.  She moved right into her second
     orgasm of the series as he inserted himself between her hot little
     cupcakes and jerked his purple rod in and out. 

     "Oh yeah, you teasing little bitch-slut.  Come again for momma!",
     Linda yelled in the girl's flushed, sweating face.  Jeff fucked
     the crevice between her little, balled up breasts furiously as she
     creamed again, screaming in ecstasy.  And then he let loose,
     hosing cum onto her face and into her open mouth.  After pumping
     her for twenty minutes, he had a gallon in him and his cock jerked
     all over her, pumping jelly-like globs onto her tits, into her red
     hair, in her eyes, up her nose until he had no more to spend and
     slumped heavily onto her.  

     Linda, who had been watching her the whole time, grabbed her head
     in her palms and massaged Jeff's gobby cum into her hair until it
     lay plastered to her skull like a shiny red cap.  "Mmmmm.  Yeah. 
     You been a good little girl.  Momma should be proud of you.", she
     purred sarcastically at Diane who lay breathing convulsively under
     Jeff.  "You just rest now.  You're done for today.  Now it's your
     mother's turn to show what she can do.", she whispered, stroking
     her hard pole.  
       
     Leaving the spent pair, Linda strolled over to Lisa.  She gripped
     one of her quivering breasts and latched onto the wide nipple,
     sucking and slurping it in her mouth, her tongue running over the
     pimply, sensitive aureole forcing out a deeper grunt from Lisa. 
     "You like being butt-fucked by Gene don't ya, honeypot.  He's so
     big and hard and wide.  You dig feeling that big dong move inside
     your oily butt, spreadin' your cheeks, don'tcha.".

     Lisa closed her eyes in digust and then had them jerked wide a few
     seconds later.  Linda moved down to her other end and stuck her
     head between Gene's pumping legs.  She licked Lisa's round
     tummy-pot, sticking her tongue in the sensitive belly-button and
     then moved up to the apex of her upside-down wad.  Teasing and
     licking, she brought out Lisa's long clit; the raw, pink mass of
     tissue bursting from its covering flap of skin.  She groaned in
     delicious pain as Linda sucked it in, flicking her tongue rapidly
     over the tip of the nerve-filled stalk.  

     Feeling Lisa respond inside her mouth, Linda released her to
     Gene's increased thrusting in her back door, "Do her daddy.  Fill
     her ass.".  Lisa was left staring at her own stiff clitoris
     growing an inch and a half out of her and pointed directly at her
     face.  She began to shudder violently, as Linda walked away, her
     female organ jumping in the open air as Gene's humping fanned it.

     Linda moved to the opposite end of the desk from me and looked
     Margaret up and down, admiring her tan, muscular limbs.  "I've
     waited a long time for this, 'boss'", she said sarcastically, 
     "Now you're gonna find out who the real boss is around here.  Come
     on.  Beg for it, bitch-mother.".  She reached up and fondled
     Margaret's hard tits, rubbing her rosy nipples until they began to
     firm up.

     I pounded in and out of Daphne's cheeks as Margaret gave in to the
     unrelenting pressure of her daughter's hot mouth blowing into hers
     and the squeezing hands on her breasts.  "Oh PLEASE, Linda.  Fuck
     me.  With that thing!", she cried out, "You're the boss.  Just
     stick it in me and start pumping.".  "That's better, you heifer. 
     Now squirt it for me.", Linda commanded.  Digging into Margaret's
     short crack, she spread the two halves of her bronze butt roughly.
     With a grunt, Margaret jerked her vagina downward and an ooze of
     pearly juice filled the fleshy cracks and crevices.

     Linda palmed Margaret's sex, massaging the pre-cum deeper into the
     lips, heating the middle-aged woman up to a fever pitch.  And then
     the twenty-year-old perversion drove her hard cock in with one
     viscious stroke.  Margaret leapt forward, as Linda speared her wet
     snatch, poking her tongue deep into Daphne's throat.  Mother and
     daughter matched each other moan for moan, their lips smacking
     together, held in place by the leather thong, as Linda and I
     banged their rear ends.    

     Lisa began crying out loudly as Gene's ram forced her into an
     ass-induced climax, something she had never experienced before. 
     "Oh.. Oh.. Oh.. Uh.. Uh.. Uh.. UhOWWWWWEEE! UUUUAAAAOOOOOOWW!",
     she screamed as Gene let go, shooting spurts of hot jism straight
     down into her rump from his bulging balls.  He kept pumping as he
     continued to shoot, the hot lava pouring into the screaming girl's
     brown canal and erupting out onto her reddened cheeks.  

     He jerked himself out of the puddle of cum lying in the crater
     between her upturned rumps, jumped off the table and ran around to
     her head.  Incredibly, he was still shooting as he clamped her
     ears in a vice-like grip and stuffed her screaming mouth.  He
     flooded her tongue and throat while squeezing her cow nipples
     until they released their milk.  He finished draining himself into
     the still-shuddering girl and then flopped limply out of her
     mouth, leaving her bound and covered with pools of cum and milk as
     he turned away, exhausted and red-faced.

     Lisa came down from her high and shuddering sobs racked her
     trussed body as she fully realized the shame and the pleasure that
     had been given to her for the first time that day.  She tried
     desperately to free herself, but it was no use.  Her ass cheeks
     remained spread high above her and both her holes stayed stretched
     open, cum dripping from the puddle in her ass down into her
     engorged pussy.  Her arms remained crisscrossed tightly over her
     ribcage, huge boobs ballooning high in the air through the
     openings.  Her wrists remained tied to her knees which were bent
     down to the desktop and her ankles remained pinned under her
     armpits, even now still tickling the hidden nipples.  The tears
     flowed onto the floor from her hanging head, but Gene ignored her
     completely, now that he was finished using her, and urged Linda
     on. 

     "Give it to her Linda.  Come on, feed her that hard meat."

     "Ram it home!"

     "Ooh! Ooh! Mommy! I think he's gonna make me come!"

     Whap! Whap! Whap! "French her, momma!"

     "MMMMM..UNNNUNNNH..MMMMPH...OHHH!  You're gonna tear me apart!"

     "Harder. Harder!" 

     Blaat! Blaat! Blaat! "suck her tongue!"

     Squish.. Squish.. Squish.. Splock.. Splock..

     "mm mmmummm mmmm mmmmm ow unh owee unh unh uh OHHHHHHHH!"

     Mother and daughter came together just as Linda and I released our
     loads into their slots, crushing their lips together and jerking
     wildly on our shooting cocks.  The force of their cumming expeled
     warm, wet saliva into one another's mouths as they spasmed
     violently, Daphne's tits jumping in my hands as they spat thick,
     hot milk onto the desk.  Linda caught the tit-cream as it sprayed
     on her hands and rubbed it into Margaret's jerking boobs, causing
     them to erupt as her daughter's hot milk hit them.  I came like I
     never did before, filling Daphne's cavernous butt crack with juice
     as she took her mother's grunting gasps into her clutching mouth. 
     Margaret jerked for half a minute, spending herself, cumming for
     real for the first time in years as Linda finished draining
     herself into her quivering, wet hole.  

     Having satisfied herself, Linda withdrew from Margaret, giving her
     a pat on her split rump and said soothingly, "That was good
     Margaret.  I bet your husband never got you off like that.  Now
     you know who's the boss.  From now on I'm runnin' things around
     here.  And, if you behave, maybe I'll do it to you again
     sometime.".  And then she announced loudly to the whole room, "OK. 
     We've had our fun.  It's quittin' time.  Let's get the hell out of
     here.  We've all got a busy day ahead of us tomorrow!".

     Well readers, that's my story.  And I owe it all to computers.  If
     I hadn't started consulting, I never would have met all those
     interesting people.  I hope it you found it somewhat entertaining.  

     It turns out that Gene ran a whole string of these operations
     around the country.  He regularly ran their circuit, visiting each
     of them in turn whenever he wanted some action.  I also heard that
     he had some trouble with the law over them, but since they fronted
     as legitimate businesses he always got out of it and was still in
     operation last time I checked.  Also, I guess no one ever was
     willing to admit what happened to them in those places either.  

     I can't imagine what went on in his other offices.  It couldn't
     have been more bizarre or sexually exciting than what I had just
     seen.  Or could it?  Before I left, he did say that he would be
     glad to have a man of my capabilities on his payroll and that I
     should consider joining him as his partner; visting the other
     shops with him.  I couldn't think straight at that moment, but I
     told him I would consider it.  It might make for some more
     interesting stories.

     I don't know what happened to any of those people.  I never went
     back there and who could blame me.  I grabbed my clothes and tools
     and ran out of there like there was no tomorrow.  Anyway, how
     could I have faced them again after that?  But still, I sometimes
     fantasize about Daphne, Diane and Lisa; wondering what happened to
     them and what effect their brutal, sexual initiations had had on
     their lives.  

     I thought about turning Linda in to the authorities, but didn't
     want to get involved.  Besides, those women had really wanted it,
     once they got going.  That's the way women are.  They have no real
     sex drive.  They respond only to physical stimuli.  When you want
     it, you just have to start touching and fondling them.  And if you
     touch them long enough in the right places, they automatically
     react and get worked up.  

     All I know is, I had to tell someone.  And the only avenue of 
     release for me was this one - telling my story to you, the good
     people on this BBS.  I know, from reading your stories, that you
     have very open minds, sexually at least, and I thank you for
     letting me unload this incredible story on you.

     Now, let me tell ya about time I was fifteen and me and my best
     friend ganged his twenty-year-old sister with a vacuum cleaner and
     a baseball bat.....

--
