                           Control of Women


                           Copyright 1989

                           
                           By B&D LOVER


                           All rights reserved

  

                           Chapter Three 







           "Would  you please put on some of the sexy clothes  that 
      you brought with you?" I said. 
           "How did you know that I brought sexy clothes with me?"               
           I told you. I'm in complete control" I said as I started 
      stripping  to my BVD'S. She went to the bathroom and  removed 
      her outfit. She spent a few minutes preparing herself, and  I 
      was not to be disappointed.
           She  wore  a pair of white crotchless pantyhose  of  the 
      fishnet  variety. A matching bra came with it, and  since  it 
      was  also  fishnet I could see her erect nipples. A  look  of 
      passion accompanied her.
           "What  would you like to do next?" she said in a  barely 
      audible sexy voice. 
           "Make  love to me, here and now." I commanded,  dropping 
      my  drawers.  My penis was rock hard, and I  was  ready.  She 
      knelt down and gingerly stroked my cock, making it even  more 
      erect.  She  began licking and tickling me into a  frenzy.  I 
      eased myself to the ground and she began to rub her pussy  on 
      my  cock. I could tell that she was rubbing her clit in  var
      ious  ways  on  my body and by her hands.  I  finally  thrust 
      myself  inside  her and she and I began  pumping  harder  and 
      harder.  I couldn't take it any longer and I finally came.  I 
      shot  my load into her just as she began to cum.  Our  bodies 
      were as one as we both experienced orgasm.
        
           All during the following week I conditioned Leslie  with 
      my music "messages". I "suggested" to her that she was total
      ly in love with me, and that nothing could ever break it, not 
      even  being  with other women. In fact, I encouraged  her  to 
      look  for  other sexy women for me to be with. I  also  "sug
      gested"  to her that whenever I said the words  "sexy  under
      wear"  she  would enter into a trance-like  state  where  she 
      would  obey my commands, and when she was through, she  would 
      forget that I had given them, or that she had obeyed me.
           On  Thursday, we were eating at the cafeteria  when  her 
      two best friends came to our table. "Well, it's been almost a 
      week  since  we've seen you two. Do you mind if we  eat  with 
      you?" asked Rita. 
           "No, not at all. We'll save this place for you." offered 
      Leslie.  
           "Yes, be my guest." I said. I watched them as they  went 
      trough the line. Rita has such a tight ass and I love to look 
      at it. Sandy has a nice figure also, and was wearing a  tight 
      tee shirt to complement the lines of her breasts.       
           "Tom,  why don't I invite one of them over to dinner  on 
      the  weekend? I'm sure that you would get an  opportunity  to 
      get to know Rita or Sandy, and I'm sure that they would  just 
      love  your company. After all, " she said as she  snuggled  a 
      little closer to me. "I love you." 
           "I  think that is a great idea. You know, I asked  Sandy 
      out  a few months back, and she didn't even give me the  time 
      of day, but that will all be changed, now. Why don't you  ask 
      both of them to come and spend the night?"         
           "All  right, I'll do it. It'll be like having a  slumber 
      party!" said Leslie, all excited.
          
           It was going to be an exciting time, all right, but  not 
      in the way that Leslie thought. 
        
           On  Friday I made a special tape for Rita and  Sandy.  I 
      "suggested"  to them that they spend the weekend with  Leslie 
      and me as my sex slaves. They would otherwise act  completely 
      normal.  They would bring with them all their sexy  garments, 
      along with any masturbatory equipment. They would not realize 
      that they were doing what they were doing until they unpacked 
      their things and realized what they brought. Then they  would 
      pledge  their  allegiance to me and knowingly  and  willingly 
      become my slaves. 
           Leslie had asked them to come to my house on Friday,  so 
      they didn't suspect anything strange. I played the tape  over 
      the loudspeaker system at lunch, and sometime during the  af
      ternoon  I  knew that they would gather the  appropriate  ar
      ticles.  The  four of us ate our evening meal  together,  and 
      then Rita drove us to my house. The closer that we got to  my 
      home,  the more sexually excited I became over the  prospects 
      of the weekend.
           "I have a large room upstairs with two queen-sized  beds 
      in them. Let's put your things there." I said. The four of us 
      walked  up  the winding staircase to the bedrooms.  Rita  and 
      Sandy were wearing knee-length dresses as I "instructed"  and 
      I  followed them to get a bird's eye view of  their  bottoms. 
      They  both  wore the see-through panties that I've  grown  to 
      like  so much. We got to the top of the stairs and  I  showed 
      them  where to put their things. As they both unzipped  their 
      suitcases  and  began to unpack they realized what  they  had 
      brought.  They  both looked at me  with  embarrassment.  They 
      turned  to  each other and whispered  something,  then  Sandy 
      turned to me.     
           "Tom, while I'm here, I would like to say that I want to 
      be obedient to you. I want you to know that whatever you want 
      to do with me, I'll do."        
            "Yes, Tom. I want to say it, too. I'll obey your  every 
      command  as  if it were my thought. I am  completely  yours." 
      said Rita.              
           "Sandy,  Rita, I'm so glad for you!" Leslie said as  she 
      drew them together and hugged them. He is so wonderful.  I've 
      never  been so happy in my life. My sex life has  never  been 
      better. What more can I say, ladies?"          
           "Leslie,  I would like to talk to them alone. Would  you 
      please go down and wait for us?" I said.
           "Certainly. I'll see you in a little bit." Leslie walked 
      out of the room and closed the door behind her. What I had in 
      mind was only for two women.     
           "We  are going to play a little game now, only it  won't 
      be  a game. Sandy, you will now become a total slave  to  us. 
      Your  eyes  must not meet ours." I said as  she  lowered  her 
      head. "You must obey us, now. Go into the bathroom and remove 
      your  outer clothes and wait for Rita to send for  you."  She 
      walked  obediently  to the bathroom where I heard  the  faint 
      sounds of clothes being taken off.    
           "Rita,  you  will be her dominatrix. She  will  be  your 
      slave,  and  these are the things that I want you to  do."  I 
      carefully  laid  out my plans for them, then I  stripped  and 
      waited for the show.
           So  far, the two women were completely obedient  to  me, 
      and  I couldn't wait to see both of them act out  my  wildest 
      fantasies. I was completely satisfied by my discovery, and by 
      my sex slaves, Leslie, Rita, and Sandy.
       
           "Sandy,  come out now." commanded Rita. She  opened  the 
      door  and began to walk out. "On your hands and  knees!  Turn 
      around,  spread your legs and walk backward on your hand  and 
      knees." Sandy was wearing see-through panties and I could see 
      her  cunt  as  she made her way  towards  Rita.  She  finally 
      crawled to her and waited for her next orders.
           "Stand  up  and  pull your panties up  your  cunt  lips. 
      Hurry,  don't keep the Master waiting!" she barked  as  Sandy 
      shot  to  her feet. She obediently pulled and tugged  at  her 
      panties  until her cunt lips covered a part of  her  panties. 
      Stand in front of the Master now!" ordered Rita. Sandy walked 
      bow-legged towards me and stood where she was directed.      
           "Do you know why I'm treating you this way?" I asked.            
           "No, I don't." she said barely audibly.
           Rita walked up to her, gritted her teeth and said, "Add
      ress him with respect!"
           "No sir, I don't." she repeated satisfactorily.
           "Remember when I asked you out? What did you do?"
           "I-I..."
           "It's OK. Just tell me what you did."
           "I  acted  like you weren't alive. I didn't want  to  be 
      seen by you, so I embarrassed you in front of my friends."    
           "That's right, and for that action you will make up  for 
      it." I nodded to Rita, and she knew that I was ready.
           "Put  your hands on your ass and spread your legs."  she 
      ordered.    
           Sandy  quickly assumed the correct position. I then  got 
      on my knees and moved closer to her. I was eye level with her 
      cunt and I tugged gently on her panties. I put a finger  cau
      tiously  on her outer lips, then slowly inserted it into  her 
      vagina. 
           "I want you to enjoy yourself. Fantasize about me.  Make 
      yourself  feel good." I ordered. She immediately  closed  her 
      eyes and slightly moaned. "What are you thinking?" 
           "We  are  in a bondage dungeon, and  you  have  forcibly 
      taken me to be your bondage slave." she said.
           I  was completely taken by surprise. That was one of  my 
      favorite fantasies, and I did not expect her to verbalize  it 
      on her own. I sat down near the edge of the bed and  motioned 
      them to come close. 
           "Sandy,  suck  my cock. Rita, I want you to  tell  me  a 
      story in a sexy voice about Sandy and her dungeon."
           They  both got into position. Sandy licked her lips  and 
      began to smoothly caress my enlarging member as Rita spoke:      
           "You've just carried Sandy in. She's bound so she  can't 
      move." 
           "How, where." I said.
           "Her  ankles are tied together, and her hands, too.  You 
      have taped her mouth shut so she can't speak.
           "You're  tying her to a bondage cross, now. It's  shaped 
      like an 'X' and she's completely spread. She can only squirm. 
      Sandy is completely nude and helpless.
           "Yes, Sandy, you look so sexy." I said, my orgasm moving 
      closer to reality. 
           "You can move the cross without changing her bound  con
      dition,  and you've positioned it so that you can  play  with 
      her in a reclining position. You've just put nipple clamps on 
      her. You can tell that she loves the sensation because  she's 
      getting wet down here." said Rita, caressing her own  crotch. 
      "You've  put  your huge cock in  her juicy cunt,  and  you're 
      ready. You're fucking her and fucking her, and you are  going 
      to  cum right NOW." she exclaimed. Just as she said  that,  I 
      shot  my whole wad into Sandy's mouth. She gulped it down  as 
      if  as if it were a smooth wine. My whole body felt like  one 
      giant  penis. She  slowly eased up on me as I  finished  cum
      ming.  Towards the end she gently sucked away  the  remaining 
      cum juice so that my penis was spotlessly clean.
           When  I regained my composure I congratulated  them  for 
      such a fine job. 
           "You  did such a  good job sucking me, Sandy.  Have  you 
      ever done it before?"
           "Yes, with Bill Banner on Wednesday." she said.                  
           "The both of you must never have any other romantic  in
      terests other than with me. Is that understood?" I said. 
           "Yes" they both said quickly.
           "Rita, strip down to your underwear and when you're fin
      ished  come downstairs and meet us." I walked with  Sandy  to 
      the  living room area where Leslie was watching a program  on 
      TV.    
           "Leslie  turned  to  us as  she  heard  us  approaching. 
      "Honey, you're naked. She said in a sexy voice."                      
           "Yes, I think it's entirely appropriate given the situa
      tion. Would you please strip to your underwear, too?"      
           "Of  course. I knew you were going to ask me  that  when 
      you  came into the room naked. I can almost read your  mind." 
      she said as she removed her outer clothing.  
           Rita  joined us soon afterwards, and the four of us  sat 
      on a couch in front of the TV. Having conditioned Leslie, she 
      was  sitting  in the position that I wanted,  but  the  other 
      girls were crossed-legged. That would never do.
           "Sandy and Rita, from now on you will never again  cross 
      your  legs unless I give you permission. You must always  sit 
      with  your legs open for me." I commanded. The two girls  im
      mediately  complied, their open crotches now only covered  by 
      wispy thin shear panties.
           "I have a movie that I want you to see. Tell me what you 
      think  of it afterwards. I walked over to my  collection  and 
      put in a movie. It was titled "9 1/2 WEEKS" and none of  them 
      had seen it.
           The  movie was about a male stockbroker in an  unusually 
      domineering relationship with a female Soho art dealer.  They 
      watched  it  silently and intently, and when it was  over  we 
      went to the kitchen table to talk about it.   
           "Before we start, could you all remove your bras? I want 
      to  see your nude breasts." Their bras came off and they  put 
      them  on  the table. I love looking at nude  female  breasts, 
      especially  if they are well-formed. I was extremely  pleased 
      with the way in which my love slaves were endowed. 
           "What did you think of the movie?" I asked Leslie.
           "I  liked  it. It sort of reminded me of  our  relation
      ship." she said, looking at me. "Kim Bassinger was definitely 
      right for the part. She looks submissively sexy." 
           "I  think that she should have been more true  to  him." 
      said Rita.  
           "What do you mean." I asked.
           "Well,  when he called her a 'nosy barker' and told  her 
      to submit to a bare-assed spanking she should have let him."     
           "Sandy, you must tell us what you think" I said.
           "I  think that she should have been more  submissive  to 
      him,  too." she said, never raising her eyes.  "For  example, 
      during the scene in the hotel room where she was  blindfolded 
      and was waiting for him. It was obvious to me that she was to 
      be the most submissive of the two women, and she just  walked 
      out. She just didn't want to be his submissive playmate."
           "Would you all be this submissive? Rita, would you,  for 
      example, masturbate for me upstairs alone, knowing that I was 
      filming you for me to show to my friends?" I asked.       
           "Yes, of course. I told you that I would do anything for 
      you, and I mean it." she offered.
           "Prove it" I said. She rose and walked to the  stairway. 
      "let me know when you're ready." she said. "Stand in front of 
      the door and wait for my instructions." I said.    
           I motioned the girls in the living room while I went  to 
      another  room . I found a blank tape for my VCR in  a  drawer 
      and  brought it with me. I put it in and set it to record.  I 
      panned the camera to the entrance and yelled for Rita to walk 
      through the door.                                      
           She walked in. "Sit at the edge of the bed and play with 
      yourself." I said in my microphone." She put her hands on her 
      pussy and walked over to the bed. My camera was placed behind 
      a  one-way mirror directly in front of her. She  didn't  know 
      this.  "Look at sexy body in the mirror and play  with  your
      self. Expose your cunt completely to the mirror. When  you're 
      ready, fuck yourself with your "toys" until you cum." I  com
      manded.   
           We watched as she spread her legs and explored her  most 
      private  regions.  She rubbed an area of her  pussy  until  I 
      could  see a small hard bump. She then rubbed it  vigorously, 
      moving  her  legs  back and forth. She grabbed   one  of  her 
      breasts  with her free hand and played with her  nipple,  and 
      then watched as it got harder and harder.         
           Watching  her  made me feel horny  again.  "Sandy,  turn 
      around  and fuck me while I watch Rita." I said. Sandy got  a 
      very horny look on her face as she turned around.
           "Thank you, master." she said as she slinked up to me. I 
      watched  as she reached for my growing member. She licked  it 
      with her tongue to make it even harder, then she lowered her
      self  on  my throbbing thruster. I hadn't noticed  when,  but 
      Rita  had  retrieved her dildoe while Sandy  was  positioning 
      herself. I watched as it slowly disappeared into her, and her 
      face alternated between self-inflicted pain and pleasure. She 
      moved  it  in and out, with each stroke  getting  easier  and 
      easier. Sandy seemed to move in tandem with Rita, paralleling 
      each stroke of the dildoe. All the while I thought of each of 
      the  girls in hypnotic bondage. My mind constructed  all  the 
      bondage  equipment I need to totally immobilize  my  hypnotic 
      slaves. I finally came with much gusto, so much in fact  that 
      I didn't even know when Rita came. 
           After  cumming  twice in one evening I was  pretty  much 
      spent for the rest of the day. I would watch Rita's  "perfor
      mance" another day.