OUT OF CONTROL

Subliminal suggestions can be powerful. Its use was banned when it was
discovered that movie theaters were using it to make viewers want to
drink coke or eat popcorn. These suggestions can be much more powerful
than just as a marketing tool. They can be used to control a persons
every move and thought. I reseached the use of subliminal suggestions
and used them on some of the kids at the local college. I used
subliminal suggestions to totally control women; to make them my sex
slaves. It soon became boring to exercise complete control over the
women. So, I gave one woman the subliminal suggestion that she wanted me
to tie her up, but otherwise she retained all other control over her
thoughts and actions. I had great fun with Krista, and my other sex
slaves at my house one day. But, since I didn't exert total control over
Krista, I had made a mistake that I would live to regret.
     I ran into Krista at the cafeteria the day after our little episode
in my basement. "You want to be tied up again, Krista," I asked. 
    "Yes, more than anything," she said. "But, first lets have a cup of
coffee."
     I didn't see any harm in her request. In fact, not having total
control over her mind, made my meetings with her even more exciting. I
was just thinking about what bondage positions I would put her in later,
when she came back with two cups of coffee. 
     I should have been suspicious when both cups of coffee looked the
same, yet she thought for a second before giving me my coffee. But,
hindsight is always 20-20. As I sat there with her sipping my coffee,
soon I began to get very sleepy.
     "Yawn," I said, "This coffee is not doing a very good job of
keeping me awake."
     "Just put your head down on the table and rest for a few," said
Krista, "I won't mind."
      Just as I started to put my head down, I could have sworn I saw a
glimpse of an evil smile on Krista's face, but I was too sleepy to
really care. 
      "That's right, Fred, just go to sleep," said Krista. "Those pills
in your coffee worked faster than I thought they would. The caffine must
have sped up the process." 
      She had drugged me! 
      "After yesterday, I saw some of your notes in science class," said
Krista. "That's when I realized you used subliminal techiniques to get
me to want to be tied up. I'll bet you've used the same methods on
Betty, Sandy, and Rita.  Well, you're not the only one that experiments
with science. A few years ago, I found an ancient Egyptian recipe for
hypnotic pills that would allow one to completely control a person
taking the drug. First, I had a friend I could trust administer the pill
to me. She gave me the post-hypnotic suggestion that I would no longer
desire to be tied up by you. Now, we'll see how you like being put
through the paces!"
     My mind raced, yet I was helpless to do anything about my
predicament.  
     "Fred," said Krista, "When you wake up, you won't remember any of
this. But when I say the word `kumquat,' you'll go back into a trance,
and obey my every whim. Oh, one other thing. When you wake up, you'll
have an overwhelming desire to masterbate. It'll be so overwhelming that
you'll start to massage your penis through your jeans until you cum in
your pants. Alright, time to wake up now."
    With her last words, I woke with a start. Boy, was I horny. As I
talked with Krista, my hand kept gravitating towards my dick. I didn't
care who was watching, as I began to masterbate through my jeans.
I knew that if I kept it up, I would cum in my pants, but I couldn't
help it. Sure enough, after a couple minutes of stroking, globs of cum
gushed out of my penis, which made a VERY noticable mark on the outside
of my light colored jeans.
   "What do we have here?," said Krista. "Hmmm...looks like you have a
problem Freddy boy. You seem to have a problem controlling your sexual
urges."
   I looked sheepishly at Krista. What could I say, it didn't seem like
I could control myself. I knew I'd have to sit here for a while, because
if I stood up, it would be obvious to everyone what I had done. Only in
the deep recesses of my mind did I know that it was Krista that was
controlling me.
   "Kumquat," said Krista.
   With that word, I zonked back into a trance.
   "Okay, little Freddie, time for the next phase of our little game,"
said Krista wickedly. "When you wake up, you'll forget about those huge
cum stains on your pants. In fact, you'll want to walk around the
cafeteria with me and show off your little incident to the whole room.
No matter what anybody does or says, you won't become aware that you've
got cum dripping from your crotch. OK, Freddie boy, time to wake up."
    I woke up, and suddenly felt like walking around. "Let's go see if
anyone's here that we know," I said.
    "Anything you say, Fred," said Krista.
    As we began to walk around the room, I noticed that people were
pointing and laughing. I couldn't understand why. One guy came up to me
and said, "Hey, Freddie, next time pull your pants down before you cum."
I couldn't understand what he meant. I looked down at my jeans, and
everything looked OK to me.
   Krista and I left the cafeteria to rounds of laughter. I was
completely oblivious that I was the target of their titters. 
   As we walked down the street, Krista suggested we go to her house.
Little did I know that she had more humilation in store for me there.

TO BE CONTINUED
