
                            Control of Women

                            Copyright 1989

                            by B&D LOVER
                       
                            all rights reserved 

                           
                            Chapter One





           
           My  girlfriends and I have a most  unusual  relationship 
      for most people. They are my sexual slaves.
           It happened not too long ago. In fact, they didn't  know 
      that  I  even existed a month ago. I decided that I  had  had 
      enough of "normal" relationships, and that I wanted to be  in 
      control. Total control. 
           I don't mean that they run around like zombies. It means 
      simply  that they will do anything that I ask. Anything,  and 
      anywhere, with me or with anyone that I choose.         
           One  of  my favorite girls is Leslie, and I met  her  at 
      Heidelberg  College. She is strikingly beautiful,  with  long 
      red hair and a fair complexion. Her body is well-proportioned 
      due  to the aerobic exercise and weightlifting that she  does 
      regularly.
           To see her naked is a dream. Her firm breasts have  dark 
      nipples which become hard at the lightest lick. Her red pubic 
      hair  is  shaved  close to facilitate bikini  wear.  She  has 
      luscious lips and a sensuous tongue that just loves cock. Her 
      cunt is smooth and juicy at the right times. 
           A  month ago, I wanted to meet her. I was never good  at 
      meeting  women, but I was good at science. After all,  I  was 
      majoring in three subjects with a 3.8 average. With all those 
      brains you'd think that I'd understand how to control  women. 
      I didn't then, but I do now.
           I had gone with several girls in high school and in col
      lege,  but  all they ever wanted from me was  help  in  their 
      school work. I was never appreciated for what I really was by 
      any woman, until I learned how to control them.         
           One day, about six weeks ago, a brainstorm came to me. I 
      was studying the physics of sound at just below hearing level 
      when  I  put  together some things I  learned  in  psychology 
      class. There, I learned that sublinimal suggestions are  very 
      powerful.  So  powerful, in fact, that they are  outlawed  in 
      advertising. I was tinkering with some sound equipment in the 
      physics  lab when I discovered a way to load "messages"  onto 
      music.  It's not a new phenomenon, but the way that I did  it 
      was completely new and, so far as I know, undiscovered. I did 
      it at the alpha brain wave level, and I learned a way to  at
      tach my messages in a way that was completely undetectable. I 
      also theorized that since I was introducing the "suggestions" 
      at  the alpha level they would be assimilated into the  brain 
      and be completely and irreversibly irresistible.
           So  here I was, wanting to meet Leslie, and I  had  this 
      new discovery. I thought about it, and decided to try to  get 
      her to meet me.   
           I  asked her friends what her favorite music was, and  I 
      made  some  cassette copies of them with my  secret  "sugges
      tions".  My  first one was that she would ask me out  to  her 
      favorite  restaurant  on Friday evening after classes  for  a 
      date. After that, she was to come to my off-campus  apartment 
      and listen to some music that I had for her. During all  this 
      time,  she was to enjoy herself with me and be completely  at 
      ease. 
           I also "asked" her to go into my bedroom, stand in front 
      of the mirror and strip completely naked, then put on all her 
      clothed minus her panties and bra. She was to forget that she 
      did  this, and not think about her missing clothes  when  she 
      got  ready for bed later in the evening. She was to  do  this 
      when the Heidelberg clock tower struck twelve midnight.
           I played the tape over the cafeteria intercom, and since 
      music  was routinely played at mealtime I wasn't  doing  any-
      thing  unusual. I figured that I had nothing to lose.  If  it 
      didn't  work, we wouldn't meet because I would never be  able 
      to work up the nerve to ask her out. If it did, I had  every
      thing to gain, and then some.
           Leslie was there, and acted completely normal during  my 
      tape. I lost all hope of her ever meeting me when she  didn't 
      come to me after the tape was over. I started to walk over to 
      the  door of the cafeteria when she startled me by her  pres
      ence.
           "Tom, I know this may sound forward to you, but will you 
      go  out with me this Friday? I would like to show you a  good 
      time.  Please  say that you will." she  said  with  practiced 
      ease.   
           "Wh-where w-ould you like to go, L-Leslie?" I  stammered 
      almost in disbelief.
           "To the Pioneer Mill. They have pretty good food  there, 
      and I want to get to know you better. How about six  o'clock, 
      after classes. Meet me at my dorm room." She said, completely 
      oblivious to by secret delight.
           "Six o'clock, then." I said with less nervousness.              
           Six o'clock on Friday seemed like an eternity away  that 
      week.  It  came, and she looked stunning, even she  was  only 
      wearing  a new pair of jeans and a loosely-fitting blouse.  I 
      couldn't  help  noticing that I could see through it  to  her 
      lacy  bra underneath, and I fantasized what I would see  when 
      the College clock chimed twelve.
           We had a wonderful time. She talked about herself a lot, 
      and I learned much about her. She also put me at ease by  her 
      natural  way of treating me, and had I not arranged the  date 
      myself, I wouldn't have believed it.
           We went to my apartment, at her suggestion, to listen to 
      some music. I played some more of my special music that I had 
      made  in anticipation to her being at my apartment. When  the 
      clock struck twelve, she said "excuse me," and walked into my 
      bedroom.
           She  closed  the door behind her and I  could  hear  the 
      faint  sound  of her unzipping her pants. About  two  minutes 
      later she came out and acted completely normal, as if nothing 
      happened.  In  reality, to me everything happened.  Here  was 
      this  magnificently beautiful women obeying every message  on 
      my tape as if it were second nature. I couldn't help but  no
      tice her perfectly formed breasts underneath her almost sheer 
      blouse. My sexual excitement was completely aroused.   
           I couldn't wait for her to leave for the evening. I knew 
      that  she  would be returning in the morning  because  of  my 
      special  "messages" on my music that evening. She soon  asked 
      to leave, and after I took her home I viewed her "strip  act" 
      on  my VCR. I knew that if she followed the other  "messages" 
      on the tape, I was in for the day of my life.