
OUT OF CONTROL

Trapped. Krista's little pill in my coffee had me trapped. Her hypnotic
spell over me, had forced me to masterbate in the cafeteria, then walk
around to show everyone the cum stains on my jeans. Then Krista took me
home where Krista, Betty, Rita, and Sandy worked on transforming me into
a girl. The worst part was that under the hypnotic spell, I wanted them
to do this more than anything in the world. Now, the worst was yet to
come! They wanted to take me out in public dressed like this! 
   "Should we give Freddy some makeup?," asked Sandy.
   "No," said Krista, "I think it'll be more fun if there's no question
that Freddie isn't a girl, but just a panty-assed little jerk off."
   Now that I was dressed like a girl, the post-hypnotic suggestion had
been realized. I began to rebel at their plans.
   "Now, I don't know about going on in PUBLIC like this," I said, "I
mean, funs fun, but let's not get carried away."
   "Freddie, we'll decide what you'll do," said Krista. "However, I do
think it's time for more post-hypnotic suggestions...kumquat."
   At the sound of the word "kumquat," I lapsed into a deep sleep.
Krista's still had me under her power! 
   "Now, little Freddie," smirked Krista, "not only do you want to go
out in public like this, you'll think nothing of your new wardrobe.
What's more, you've developed a yen for cock. You liked the taste of
your own cum soooo much that you want to sample other men's cum. So,
much that it's the staple of your new diet. All you want to eat is cum.
Anything else makes you sick to your stomach. Everytime one of us ask
you if you're getting hungry, you will be starved, and only cum will
satisfy your hunger. Okay, little girl, snap out of it."
   With those last words, I awoke. I no longer felt ill at ease about
going out in my new clothes. All I could think about is how they made me
lick up my own cum earlier, and how good it tasted. 
   "Let's go," said Betty.
With that we went to Krista's car and drove to a nearby by bar. As we
walked in I commented that I didn't know about this place, and had never
been there before.
    "You don't usually frequent gay bars, Freddie?," asked Krista.
"Well, I thought it might be the place to go to help you satisfy your
hunger. By the way, Fred, are you hungry?"
     "Come to think of it,  I'm starved, " I said. The desire to eat cum
was even greater now, it was at a fever pitch. 
     "Well, Freddie," said Betty, "I'm sure one of these gentlemen would
be glad to feed you your dinner." 
     Just then, Sandy came up to us with a man, who was about six foot
two, and about twenty five.
     "Hi, Freddie," said Sandy. "I was just telling Sam here that you
wanted to suck his cock."
     I looked up at the man sheepishly. I DID want to suck his cock!
     "Hi, Freddie," said Sam. "Why don't we all go into the back room."
     All of us went into the back room. Sam undid his pants, and said,
"Okay, Freddie, suck away." 
    I looked at his cock like it was Thanksgiving dinner. I took his
penis into my mouth, and almost immediately it grew to its full six
inches. Soon, Sam was moving his hips into me, and crushing his penisfurther into my mouth. I almost choked, but the taste of his pre-cum was
like a fine champagne in my mouth. After a couple of minutes of fucking
my mouth, jets of jism went into my mouth. As hungry as I was, I gulped
down almost all of it, although drips of cum drooled from my mouth.
That's when I saw a flash. I looked up, and Krista was holding a camera
and grinning widely.
    "Just some pictures for our scrapbook, Freddy," said Krista. "And
believe me when we're done with you it will be filled with LOTS of
pretty pictures like this one."
    I was soooo humiliated. Here I was dressed like a girl, with some
guy's cum dripping out of my mouth. I couldn't imagine being humiliated
more than this. Yet, Krista's comment about LOTS of pictures made me
believe that I had lots yet to come.

TO BE CONTINUED.




