                                                                                                                                                                                                                              SHE WAS OUT OF CONTROL
       Then he went up stairs to her room.  He was really  furious.  He opened the door without even knocking and turned  on the light. He pulled her bed covers down, and she had to  scramble to keep her ear from coming off as he grabbed her by  it
ear and pulled her out of bed.  She had taken off her  panties and had just started to play with herself in bed.  Now out she flew, the tops of her shortie pjs being too short  to conceal her wetness.  Before she could even gather her  wits to prote
 st, she felt herself literally lifted into the  air and plopped face down over his lap.  SMACK! SLAP! SLAP!  CRACK! SPANK! All at once, her head arched all the way up,  she opened her mouth and screamed, and her legs kicked  straight out and up and
d  own in a blur as the fury of spanks  descended.  There was no let up.  She started to manage a  protest but all of the sudden the backs of her legs were  smacked hard, and she just burst into tears.  One brash  teenage punk-rocker had been transfo
rme d into one sobbing  little girl.  Although crying very hard, she somehow managed  to blurt out pleas for forgiveness and promises to be good  amidst chokes and sobs.  The spanking continued for a very  long time.  She had a lot to learn.  She cer
tainly  did.  She  was sure that her backside was on fire, and she was sure that  the spanking was going to go on forever by the time it  stopped. When he let her up she performed a full five minute  punk rock dance, consisting of jumping up and dow
n, furiously  rubbing her brite red backside, hopping from foot to foot,  bawling and squalling, stamping her feet, grabbing the backs  of her legs and literally dancing around the room in a kind  of half squat.  He ordered her to settle down and g
et her  self under control and come over to him.  She meekly obeyed.  He tenderly drew her near to him, kissed the top of her  forehead, stroked her hair, and took her on his lap.  It hurt  to sit, but it was pure heaven to feel so snugly cuddled.
 She sat quietly in his lap while he rocked her gently for  about 15 minutes.  She felt the need to cry again, and this  time, unashamed she turned her face onto his shoulder and  just cried and cried.  He continued rocking, and when she  woke up i
n her bed the  next morning, she realized that she  must have drifted off to sleep cuddled in his lap.  Her quite  tender bottom reassured her it had not been a dream.  She  made up her mind then and there to turn over new leaf.  She  was going to b
e a good girl from now on.  She knew how much  he loved her and she knew he deserved how proud he was going  to be of her from now on.