Archive-name: Bondage/contest.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Contest, The


     I was young and innocent, well, not literally innocent, but
at least I was young.  I have been told that one could not
conceive of a late teen not being a virgin, so I won't delude
you, I wasn't, but my few experiences with aggressive,
inexperienced, self-centered, clumsy boys has not given me much
respect or enthusiasm for the actual physical act of love.

     Anyway, I once had this date with this arty sort of guy.  I
was interested in acting and he was "into the movies."  It all
started "innocently" enough.  We were invited to some friends of
his for a party.  These were people I had never met before, but
they were great.  It was the most beautiful bunch of people I
have ever seen.  They all seemed to be in the movie business in
some sort of way.  Anyway, we each went our separate ways and I
got pretty bombed with both the attention I got and the strong
drinks they served.  Since I don't drink too much it was a puzzle
to see that I was the only one getting drunk, but it was fun. 
Then my friend passed by and said he had to leave, but would be
back in a few hours to pick me up.  From then on everything kind
of got fuzzy.

     The next thing I can remember was being lead, or carried was
more like it, down to the basement.  It seemed to be laid out
like a movie studio with several cameras, lights and other stuff. 
Everything seemed to be focus toward one corner, with a four-
poster bed!  How strange! 

     It was soon after that I discovered that I was to be a
principal in a porn flick.  Now I am no innocent,  but I hadn't
agreed to be any part of this.  

     Well, when I see that things are inevitable, I think, maybe
I should relax and enjoy it.  It was a clean nice place.  All of
the participants, both male and female, had seemed nice.  I was
impressed with the looks of both the men and women.  As I said,
they were all, well, beautiful!
  
     They matched me up with this gorgeous hunk, Sam.  He seemed
nice enough.  In fact, under different circumstances I might have
sort looked forward to this.  

     The apparent story line, if you could call it that, was that
there was to be a fucking contest.  There were going to be four
couples who would screw one right after the other, then the
winning team would be picked.  

     Everyone changed into some sexy and very skimpy robes, no
underwear.  I was still in no condition to fight the superior man
power so I could not really prevent them from taking my clothes
off.  They did try to do it gently, however.

     The set was simple, but strange.  The room was fairly large,
but it had to be to accommodate the four couples, the director,
cameraman and a few and sundry others.  There was the silk-
sheeted bed with many pillows, but no covers, and some chairs
lined up in front of it.  In the corner behind the bed was a
steel post with several rings on it.  I could only guess what
that was for.

     They started filming at the directors command.  Then at an
unintelligible command, the door flew open and couple of guys
brought in this giant.  He must have been nearly seven feet tall
and solidly built, but he was obviously a little freakish as his
struggles were very uncoordinated.  They tied him to the pole.  

     One of the girls, apparently on clue rushed over to him and
really felt him up before the camera.  Either that guy was a good
actor or he was really embarrassed.  He fought to loose himself
harder when she went over then when he was brought it.  His face
was beet red, but it wasn't all from exertion, the growing bulge
in his pants attested to that.

     The director motioned to Sam to get ready, we were
apparently first.  A couple of the gals came over to me and
carried me to the bed.  I tried as hard as I could to struggle,
as I still wasn't exactly sure what was going on.  I really did
try to get free, but they were amazingly strong and knew how to
hold me so I couldn't really do anything.  

     They stripped off my clothes and tied me spread-eagle on the
bed.  Sam came over to the bed and leaned over.  "OK, Babe, here
we go."

     He leered as he slowly parted his robe.  A huge pulsing cock
stood right out and stared me right in the face.  As I said. I am
no novice, but it was the biggest I had seen.  It must have been
eight inches long and about an inch and a half across.  "This
could have been fun," I thought, but I sure wished they would
have let us prepare properly.  Sam practically dove on me.  

     With Sam's full weight on me I struggled to free myself. 
Most of the struggling was to get my face away from his awful
leer.  After a few real mushy kisses he slipped his hands down my
side and groped for my nipples.  Surprisingly, the were upright
and hard.  During all of this I had forgotten the audience, but
then I was preoccupied with other things.  Sam was surprisingly
gentle I noted with relief.  In fact his touch was nice and warm
and really nice when he bent down and took my whole areola into
his mouth.  That was something that I always enjoyed, but none of
my men-friends seemed to like.  He rolled his tongue all around
really getting to all the erotic places.  He went from one to the
other like a child trying to decide between a vanilla or
chocolate ice cream cone.  He really couldn't seem to make up his
mind and I sure didn't care if he ever did.  

     When I thought I would scream in ecstasy, which, no doubt,
would have delighted the director, he yelled to Sam, "Get on with
it, we don't have all day!"

     Sam obediently slid down until be had his head between my
out stretched legs.  With a few quick stabs with his tongue he
found my erect clit and taught it a thing or two.  Boy, was this
great.  After many (it seemed) delicious minutes feeling his
expertness raise me to dizzying heights, I involuntarily arched
my back.  As I did, my heart stopped, well, not really, but it
sure did a double-take.  They had that poor guy in the corner,
complete naked.  He had this a monstrous cock just hanging there
at half staff.  His eyes had about bulged out of their sockets
staring at us.  But I couldn't take my eyes off the beautiful
penis, magnificent or stupendous, were more appropriate words. 
Already it was over a foot long and easily two inched across. 
Sam looked like a piker compared to him.  My, my, who was going
to get him, but at that moment the director again yelled for Sam
to hurry up.  

     Sam then came back up and planted a sloppy kiss on my lips
as he grabbed by buttocks in his hands.  He was kind of kneeling
over me with his erect dick throbbing above my cunt.  My efforts
at struggling to free myself had sort of subsided, now my
laboring was more to assist progress.  I desperately wanted to
reach around Sam with my arms and legs and bring him into me, but
I was still tied.  He grabbed his pulsing stanchion, successfully
fighting its periodic jerks, and pointed it towards my welcoming
hot box.  He just probed around the entrance for a few moments,
flicking my clit every time it jerked up.  Then he forced it
lower and found the hot moist path to my very soul.  He forced it
in a fraction and stopped.  I jerked myself and lodged it another
several inches.

     Then, for no apparent reason, the director yelled, "That's
it, Sam!  Alice, finish him off!"  I felt the bed rock as one of
the other girls hopped on next to me.  She slid herself under Sam
and grabbed his erect rod.  

     Sam was off in an instant.  They clinched right next to me
and as the camera came in close we could all watch as Sam's vein-
studded cock quickly found Alice's drenched cunt.  In veritable
slow motion, his magnificent penis sunk from view into the shaven
crevice.  Oh, how I wanted that, but I was high and dry (well,
not quite literally).  The juices flowed as they began that age-
old rhythm called fucking by some and love-making by others.  To
them it was the former, but it sure looked like fun.  

     Alice must have been hot to trot already as she was really
working herself into a frenzy.  The camera came in real close to
show the course of the sturdy dick as it sunk deep into Alice's
cunt and then emerged nearly all of the way.  Sam sure had a long
stroke.  It was hard to bear, knowing that could have been me
taking that cock in me.  But now the slushing was being done by
another.  Nonetheless, I was rising nearly as fast as she was.  

     "Hurry, I am almost cumming, please hurry."  No faked script
for this gal, nor for Sam as his breathing became labored and the
grunts of their efforts very audible.  With one final splendid
thrust he dove into the hot pussy with his all and collapsed in
Alice's arms.  Only the gentle rhythmic pulsing of their hips
continued as the cum began flowing out of Alice and into the bed. 
The camera caught everything.

     In just a short time, on cue from the director, they both
extracted themselves from the entanglement of arms and legs,
etc., and got up.  I was agonizingly close to cumming myself, but
there was nothing to get me quite across the edge.  As he pulled
his still erect and dripping dick out with a delightful squishy
noise, the ever-present director yelled, "Next!"

     I struggled to break free so I could grab that still stiff
rod for myself or escape, I didn't know which, but to no avail. 
I still didn't know what the hell was going on.  

     However, in my squirmings I did notice, with fascination,
that the guy in the corner had a most magnificent hard-on now. 
It was a full three inches across, 16 inches long bundle of veins
and arteries, poised for action.  It shimmered in the glaring
light.  Oooh, what I would give for a little of that.

     My attention was diverted by the next couple, George and
Gloria, hopping on the bed.  George was another one of these
wonderfully-hung studs, with a big and hard cock ready for
action.  Gloria, a lovely girl, had already lathered herself with
K-Y, as she hunkered over into the all-fours position.  

     The George grabbed his big red cock in both hands, the way I
would have if I had been able, and tried to find the appropriate
orifice.  The director yelled, "Not the ass, do it the regular
way."  She was trying to look nonchalant, but could not quite
cover up the excitement of what was to come.  The camera could
not see her face, but I could and relished as the pretty face
became beautiful as the big moment arrived.  

     I did not need to watch the progress of George's probing to
know where he was.  All I had to do was watch Gloria's face. 
First a pained expression, then a smile, then a start, then the
eyes closed for an instant and a beatific smile crept over her
face.  He had found home.  She had a catch in her breath as I
noticed George give an involuntary jerk with his hips.  

     They were mated.  Gloria's eyes rolled up into their sockets
as George slowly immersed his stallion penis into her juicy cunt. 
But she recoiled as he sought to remove it.  She reached back
with both hands to steady it in place.  She wasn't going to let
this one get away like I did.  George clutched at her pendulous
breasts that were hanging just a few inches from my face,
allowing her free rein with his dick.  She was all over it,
touching and feeling the total expanse of it.

     As I scrunched over to get a better view of the rear entry
action I again noticed the poor guy in the corner.  He was still
bug-eyed at the actions going before him, but he was also being
fawned over by another one of the girls.  Judy had squatted down
in front of him gently caressing his immensely swollen prick. 
She appeared to be tracing each of the severely distended veins
from his pubic hair to the now-glistening head.  Although his
eyes never left George and Gloria, he definitely knew that Judy
was there.  He was desperately trying to extricate himself from
his lashings, whether to escape or join the action, I could not
tell.  His struggles were heroic.  If I was Judy, I would hop
right on that cock and you would never see it again.

     About that time I heard the simultaneous gasps of orgasm
escape the nearby couple.  I wrenched my eyes away from the
lovely corner scene to see Gloria flop head first onto the bed,
dragging a still-buried George along with her.  His penis must
have been unmercifully wrenched, but he never flinched.  Again
the steady trickle of bodily fluids escaping between the two
flowed over the bed.  Some even made its way to me as in my own
ecstacy I attempted to slide into it.  Again my struggle to join
the couple were thwarted by my tethers.

     But the director continued to bark his orders.  He told one
of the girls to help Noah, apparently, that was the guy in the
corner.  Alice sidled over to him and took his mighty staff,
pulled it down as far as she could and let it go.  It sprung up
in a mighty arc and oscillated for some time.  She then ran her
hands delicately around the various nooks and crannies and then
bend down to follow the traces with her tongue.  Noah's eyes
rolled back into his head as he let out a tremendous groan.  I
couldn't believe it, but his gigantic dork had grown some more,
not so much longer as bigger around.  Alice could just barely get
both hands around it, but it was nearly impossible for her to
control it as it jerked around in response to his struggles and
its own actions, I guess.

     I was brought back to reality (?) by another couple climbing
onto the bed.  "My god," I thought, "I can't take anymore of
this.  Here I am ready and willing and able, but they don't even
know it."

     Greg lay down next to me, as Judy smilingly whispered to me,
"Eat your heart out."  Greg's cock, as expected, was raring to
go, all nine inches of it.  This would be interesting as Judy
didn't look a day over 14 or an inch over 4-10.  She didn't
appear to be unversed, however.  Grabbing Greg's thingus, she
opened her mouth and swallowed nearly half his shaft.  She began
moving up and down covering his member totally with her saliva. 
Greg moaned, indicating that it didn't feel half bad.  I sure
didn't know how it felt to him, but it felt good to me just to
watch.  But how much more could I take?  

     Deeper and deeper Judy urged Greg's dick.  He grimaced as he
apparently felt his cock crash into the back of her throat, but
Judy seemed to enjoy it. She kept banging her throat harder and
harder. The thrill was overtaking him as he grunted, "I am ready
to explode."  

     As the pressure mounted she began to rub his balls softly,
almost as if she didn't believe him.  With a deep groan he began
to flood her juicy little mouth with gobs of his hot cum.  Each
spurt packed with incredible power.  She swallowed loudly,
agreeing with the taste.  "Mmmmmm, hmmmmmm,"  she kept moaning. 
But it was too much for her as the viscous seminal fluid began to
flow out of her mouth.  Greg's cock was super slippery as his own
sperm covered the full length of the shaft.

     Judy took the cock out of her mouth, a thick string of cum
still connected the hard, pulsating head to her lower lip.  "That
was so good," she gurgled with her mouth still full. His cock was
still straight up in the air and it looked even longer and
thicker as it gleamed. There was a puddle of it on the bed.  Judy
carefully scooped up some of the thick stuff in her hands and
inserted it in her already slippery juice box.  

     She then positioned herself over Greg and placed his plum-
sized head against her genital lips.  "God, it's so big," she
said as she maneuvered the cream-covered rod to somehow get it
in. 

     Then with a long grunt as if she was having a BM she forced
the rock-hard head in.  "Ooooh, maaaaa gooood!!!" she gasped as
she began to move up and down very slowly.  Her eyes closed in
delight as she just sort of rocked gently up and down, steadily
working his cock deeper.

     "Oh, yeah, I love it," she said.  She started really moving
up and down as the last of his steel-hard shaft was absorbed in
her sweet box.  Biting her upper lip, she groaned, "Ooooooooooo
yeah, this is what I needed."  

     "Let me fuck you, just like that," she said as she began to
pick up speed.  "Don't move.  Oh, it feels incredible."  Her eyes
rolled back and her mouth opened as she continued to hammer away
at his swelling swollen shaft.  Alternating from a quick
succession of quick strokes and slow long strokes his facial
expression showed he obviously had another eruption coming on.

     Coming up on one of her long strokes she pulled his cock out
of her love box just enough to maintain his head just outside as
she began to rub the slippery knob back and forth between her
labia and over her pink little clit.  Then she slowly put it back
into her succulent cunt.

     Slowly, ever so slowly, she let herself slip over Greg's
bloated, towering penis.  Then she stopped.  After a few seconds
she began to gyrate her hips.  Slowly she added the in and out
strokes again.  

     "Uh, uh, uh ,uh, uh, oooh, uh, uh," she moaned with each
inward stroke.  "Oh, god, Oh, god.  Oh, yes.  I feel it.  Oh,
fuck, me.  Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck me," she whimpered between each
forceful thrust. He surely was about to explode in her. I
wondered how much longer they could last, as I had just about had
it, myself.

     Then, "I'm coming," he cried.  "Oh, yeah," she replied,
"Come baby, flood me with your love." 

     Those words were apparently what did it.  He exploded inside
of her.  "Ooooooo, give it all to me.  Empty yourself inside of
me.  It feels so hot and slippery," she cried.  "I want you to go
even deeper inside of me."  His balls quivered with each burst. 

     "Oh, god, I think I'm coming," she erupted, "Oh yes, I'm
coming, oh, oh, yes, oh, please don't stop, please don't stop,
fuck me, please fuck me."  But he was finished.

     She screamed as she drew closer to her blissful pinnacle as
she continued to thrust on him.  "AAAAH, OOOOOH!, OH GOD!, OH
GOD!, OH YES!, AH, AH, AH, OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"
she screamed as her love box spasmed around his still jerking
penis and her juices flowed.  "Oh yes, oh, that felt so
incredibly delicious."  

     They both collapsed, along with me, for I had been rigid as
Greg's cock, myself.

     After a few minutes we all sort of recovered.  What next. 
Anything else would be anti-climactic (pardon the pun).  Greg and
Judy slowly and reluctantly disjoined and got up.  Judy gave me a
reassuring smile and patted my shoulder.  The real word gradually
came back to me.  I could vaguely see the director and camera men
and a few of the "stars" still sitting there rapt.  The only
noise was the bed creaking as Greg finally got off, the whirring
of the camera, a cough in the back somewhere and a low, very low
moan.  The last was odd, I had never heard anything like it, it
was almost unearthly.  But one thing you had to say about it, it
was mournful.  Although still in a sexual "high" and virtually
starving for relief, I could not help, but try to find the
source, as if I didn't know already.  There it was, that poor guy
in the corner.  He was slumped over being totally supported by
his bindings.  Well, he wasn't totally slumped over, his
magnificent cock was flaming red and standing straight out
throbbing up and down about two inches at a time.  One of the
girls was still hanging around his neck with one hand and
stroking his immense penis with the other.  It must have been a
full eighteen inches now, the size was amazing.  It was four
inches across if it was an inch.  Even from where I lay, all
trussed up, too, I could see that he was in agony, not unlike
mine, come to think of it.  How could they do it?

     Totally fascinated by the scene, I barely heard the director
tell all of the women to leave.  This was accomplished not
without protest.  I expected them to release me and let me go,
too, but either they forgot or had other things in mind.

     Then I looked down at myself.  There I was all pink and
white, stretched out on the bed.  My tennis ball-sized breasts
each crowned with a little pink nipple, proudly erect.  My smooth
white legs, my inner thighs, gently curved to meet at, what felt
like my very soul, my crotch, where the silky pubic hairs nestled
all around my passionately rising mons.  The virginal labia
swollen like never before and my clitoris, although hidden from
my view, was stoutly erect, hungering for human contact.  And the
moistness oozing out of my vagina, down my crack to mingle with
the other bodily secretions already present.

     I desperately wanted to close my legs so I was not so
exposed, yet I really wanted to put my hands down there and ease
the, seemingly, unquenchable fire in my clitoris.  I actually
even hoped that they would allow one of those magnificent men to
cover me and relieve me of my frustrations.  But, I guess it was
not to be for they came over and untied me.  Then, as someone
draped a sheet over me, I was told to just lie there and relax
for a little bit.

     I rolled over, oblivious to the observers and placed my hand
on my mons.  With a trembling finger I sought my little bud.  At
last, if no one else was going to do it I would.  My hand darted
from my clit to my oozing vagina.  The crack, long off limits to
my probing hands, felt moist, warm and inviting.  "Mmmm... That
feels good!"  I moaned softly.  

     But my concentration was cut short by a loud roar.  I
started, and looked up.  They had freed the Noah!  He tore loose
from the remainder of his bindings like they were mere threads. 
One of his hands, a enormous beefy thing grabbed his own tool,
the other he flung up to his face.  The he looked down at
himself, as if in disbelief.  Could it be he had never seen
himself erect before?  I decided not to stay around and see.

     I then knew what was the next activity!  I was off of the
bed in a flash heading for the door, but this guy was quick as
well as big.  He ran after me, clearing the bed, as I looked back
in horror, in a single leap.  With one of his beefy hands he had
me by the shoulder.  His other arm wrapped itself around my
middle and I was off of the ground.  My 92 pounds didn't faze him
one bit.  It one swift, flowing motion he threw me back on the
bed.  I was so stunned that I lay there for a brief instant as he
towered over me.  He let out another horrendous roar, but it
didn't seem appropriate with his sad, melancholy eyes.  

     He didn't seem to know what to do then, but I couldn't take
my eyes off of his.  They were so pleading.  Slowly, very slowly,
I sat up, never blinking.  I had two choices, run or stay. 
Something deep down told me to run, but my actions were dictated
by the condition of my body, not logic.  

     As I sat up, I slowly reached out to touch this magnificent
stallion cock.  Only then did I take my eyes off of his eyes and
look down to what I had, or rather tried to have, in my hand. 
Not only was it too large for me to really hold with one hand,
but it was alive!

     This was the Staff of Life, truly.  It was unquestionably a
giant, a flaming red giant.  The shaft was laced with gigantic
veins wandering this way and that, seemingly without purpose, but
I knew better.  Not only did the entire cock jerk up and down on
a regular basis, but each vein that studded the jumbo shaft
seemed to throb like an idling race car.  I brought the other
hand up to try to quell its independent spirit.  If this was to
be mine, I must have some semblance of control.  With all of my
strength I seemed to be able to hold him to small twitches.  But
its strength amazed and fascinated me.  I proceeded to trace its
enormous expanse with my fingers, forgetting that this was not a
dismembered member.  After thoroughly memorizing the shaft I
hesitated and crept towards the tremendous glans.  Although the
shaft had been virtually as hard as a piece of steel, the glans,
so rosy and shinning before me, was just firm, soft and firm.  I
could gentle squeeze it and it would yield a little.  The one eye
appeared to tear just for me as it stared at me.

     As I finished tracing the glans around I decided to check
out the loosely hanging testicles.  They hung nearly six inches
below the ever-present and attentive dick, in a soft loose bag of
skin.  I had never felt balls before, so it was a puzzle when I
had trouble grasping them.  They felt like tennis balls made of
gelatin.  They were pliable and soft, yet turgid.  

     I must have spent a long time just playing with the enormous
equipment presented to me before I remembered that they were part
of a real live person.  I looked up.  Staring down at me were two
large sad eyes.  Then the eyes rolled back into his head, he
released a low moan of ecstacy and leaned over me.  He gentle,
but firmly, laid me back on the bed and began to trace my whole
body with his huge rough hands.  It was just too much for me. 
Not only could I not stand those scratchy hands, but I need no
preliminaries.  I was ready!  I think he was, too.

     I reached up and put my hands around his neck.  He paused. 
I whispered, "Fuck me, you big horse!"  He did not seem to
understand my request, but he did get on the bed, down on all
fours over me.  The bed protested, but stayed up.  

     The scene must have seemed ludicrous.  This giant, dark,
hairy ox-of-a-man on all fours covering this petit blonde
virginal-looking girl.  I extracted my legs from between his and
reached up to get them around his waste.  At the same time I
pulled myself up by my arms to hug him around the neck (I sure
didn't want to get kissed by him).

     He still didn't know what to do, but he was shaking like a
leaf.  The moans and groans spewed from his lips like water over
a dam.  Of course, I was shaking a bit myself, but I wasn't going
to let this moment get away.  

     Then he seemed to remember what he had seen, for the
continued to hold his stance and reach down with one hand to
again grasp his unbelievable staff.  He started trying to waggle
it around to find a place to put it, but I could see I was going
to have to help a little.  I pulled myself up higher with my legs
until I just felt the touch of his hot and, by now, sweaty penis. 
The instant I touched him, he froze.  Then he got up on his knees
with me trailing along.  He sort of stood there on his knees,
moaning and sweating.  The with his free hand, the other one was
trying to control the antics of his gigantic, flailing stanchion,
he reached around my back and pulled me closer to him.  I could
then feel that he had begun rocking his hips, slowly, yes,
definitely making actual fucking strokes, but he was missing the
point as I kind of sitting on top of his dick.  The motions were
graciously received by me as my clitoris was being royally
stimulated.  This was better than riding a horse.

     Gradually, his motions became heavier and more intense.  He
was working up a great lather pumping with his muscular haunches
supporting that majestic and imposing rod.  I wasn't sure, but
what he didn't think that this was all there was to it, but I
didn't think I wanted to be masturbated with that splendid
gorgeous penis right there!

     As I tried to talk Noah into waiting, I did what I could to
back away from his steadily stroking penis.  His motions were not
really under his own control, but he obviously thought I was
trying to get away, as he gripped be harder, almost too hard. 
But, thank goodness, nature took its course and his pelvic
thrusts became longer and longer.  

     Just at the right moment I pushed mightily away from him and
dropped a fraction of an inch.  That was a mistake, as his return
thrust caught me full.  He actually tried to stuff all eighteen
inches of that four inch monster in my tight little vagina at one
time.  Needless to say it didn't fit.  I cried out in sheer
terror, thinking he was going to rip me in two.  Whether it was
that or the fact the very tip of him stupendous penis had found
home, I don't know.  He was transfixed.  He stopped, looked down
at us, looked up, grunted and removed his steadying hand.  Very
gentle he reached both hands back to my gracefully rounded, pure
white bottom and held each buttock in his palm.

     His rock-hard cock, lodged against my involuntarily tightly
closed vagina, sent bolts of electricity shooting through me. 
This was it.  I moaned loudly and thrust my hips towards this
dauntless scepter to hasten his entrance.  Now the man knew
instinctively the time had come for some serious work.  He
rotated his hips so that his penis kind of slid around my labia. 
My juices had never stopped flowing, thank goodness, so this was
the perfect opportunity to lubricate his glans for the mad charge
ahead.  Again he placed his rigid cock's head on the now yearning
opening.  My continued thrusting gradually forced the tip of his
head to disappear inside my virginal cunt.  There was a momentary
twinge of pain, but that was more than offset by a marvelous full
feeling.  "A real man, at last, a real man," I thought.  Not one
of those wimpy little geeks.  This is what woman was made for.

     Now the man began to move again.  With some hesitation or
trepidation, I didn't know, nor care, I could feel his hips move
a short ways in, then out.  But I moved with him.  He was firmly
lodged, but it was going to take some effort to proceed further. 
I had serious doubts how long he was going to last, as he had
been putting up with a pretty suggestive show for a very long
time.  Personally, I had cum several time, but I was more than
ready for more.  Would he be?

     His moans became more pronounced as the determined humping
of his haunches increased in intensity.  Still no progress, but
the stimulation I was getting was heading me for another climax
anyway.

     His pelvic stabs had begun as strokes, maybe, a few inches
long, but as he appeared to gather courage and confidence they
grew longer and slower.  Slowly I felt his magnificent dick creep
in deeper by a fraction of an inch.  Then more.  

     But before his thrusts could bear much more fruit he seemed
to lose control.  His strokes approached six, then eight or ten
inches or maybe more.  All I could do was ride with them.  I
didn't think I could have taken it if I had been on the bed.

     Then with an unearthly moan he came.  The initial shot of
semen seemed to penetrate my very soul, a hot searing flood of
cum followed.  Was this his first time?  I wondered.  Everything
about this guy was superlative.  He just kept cumming and
cumming.  I reached down to feel his balls to see if I could
detect the end, but they were just as full as before.  Maybe I
couldn't tell that way.  

     Although I took his out-pouring with great pleasure, I had
hoped for more, I wanted another climax from this stud of the
first water.  Oh, ye of little faith.  

     After his momentous flood I expected his to pull out and
leave the way guys do, but he apparently wasn't through with me. 
He leaned over and gently laid me down on the bed, still enlodged
and still hard as steel.  With a grunt of satisfaction he began
his ministerings to me again.  The stallion wanted to take me for
another ride!

     With utter elation I grasped him around the neck again, re-
clutched his full loins and waited for the onslaught.  Again he
started gently, with his short strokes.  I tried to extract him
on his up stroke so he would have momentum on his down, to no
avail, I was stuck and just rode with him as he went up.

     The frustration at only being able to invade a few inches
sent the man into a frenzy.  His still pulsing penis was poised
to fully penetrate my body.  His horse-stabs grew longer.  

     Then a wondrous thing happened.  He moved in me again.  The
added lubrication of his cum, assisted us where my meager oilings
would not suffice.  His pelvic motions definitely were bearing
fruit.  

     As he poured his whole being into each monstrous stab, I
slowly, juicily and with obvious relish, absorbed more and more
of the incredible staff.  

     His plunges had met my involuntary resistance.  Mentally, I
tried to open as wide as possible, I wanted his whole being
inside of me.  After an amazingly short time; however, the
resistance lessened.  

     It was the final lunge at the end of a superb foot-inch
stroke that did the trick.  We both emitted muffled cries when
his immense penis finally thrust home.  Together we froze in
seemingly amazement.  I just had time to catch my breath when he
began again.  This time I didn't have to ride with him, I could
go "against" him.  He filled me to the hilt.

     His flailing thrusts were rewarded with the delicious,
lubricated sliding of his gorgeous vein-studded, flaming penis in
my creamy pink vagina.  Although my delicate pink clitoris was
seemingly waiving in the breeze of his motions, I could care
less.

     Once again this superb stallion-of-a-man found renewed
energy.  Giving a cry of pleasure and he redoubled his efforts. 
As the fantastic, scintillating penis slipped deeper into me, I
arched my back and groaned, "My god!"  Over and over he drove his
glorious penis deeper into me and with each stroke both of us
grunted in unison.  As his strokes approached ten inches in
length the penetration by his spectacular organ was very nearly
complete.

     And then, with a huge flash, the world exploded.  With one
magnificent plunge the man came with a heart-wrenching shriek. 
My response was not muffled this time.  As he struggled to unload
his wad into me my whole body stiffened and once again I went
into a spasmodic orgasm.  His testicles boiled up and erupted
their contents inside of me until I could practically taste it. 
I never had a chance to wonder where it all came from, and surely
didn't care, as long as I was the recipient.  All I know is that
his hot sticky semen continued to spew and spurt inside of me for
what seemed like eternity.

     Now all we had to do was wait for the jury to count the
ballots, for Noah and I had already voted.

--
