Convention
by deirdre

There I was, laying on a deserted stretch of beach, reading and 
sunbathing with Valerie.  Valerie and I were not a couple and had no 
plans along those lines: we were simply the representatives of our 
office to a trade-show/convention and this was the day we had 
chosen to skip out and enjoy the locale.  We were also good friends, 
and though I had had a thought or two about Valerie, we enjoyed our 
platonic relationship and the chance to talk about our dates and 
relationships with a sympathetic member of the opposite sex.

We dressed for the beach under our clothes, and drove down 'til we 
were miles from anyone, laid out a couple of towels, and laid down 
to enjoy the sun and a good read.  I must admit that sitting next to 
Valerie in her bikini had put a thought or two back into my head (she 
really is quite good looking--a little slender but in good shape and 
pretty), but though such thoughts are only human, I wasn't about to 
let that affect our friendship.

After laying a while, something made me look up the beach--it must 
have been a hint of human voice above the sound of the breakers 
because I saw four people in the distance approaching.  I turned back 
on my back and read some more, then Valerie and I both looked again 
when the clear sound of their voices revealed that the group was 
approaching.  It was two men and two short women, or as they came 
closer I realized it was two very tall men who towered above two 
normal-heighted women.  I said they were tall--actually they were 
huge: all muscle, obviously bodybuilders and each was wearing 
typical bodybuilder garb: a skimpy bikini.  The women were also in 
bikinis and were absolutely gorgeous, each with long wavy hair and 
unbelievable, darkly tanned bodies.  They all wore sunglasses and 
were laughing and talking away.  I just stared as they approached.  
Valerie didn't say anything either and I gathered that she was as 
hypnotized as I was.

They didn't walk by, but laughing and making a couple of comments, 
they walked right up to us.

"Look at these two."  As they approached, I shifted around 'til I was 
on my knees as did Valerie.  They kept coming until they were right 
up in front of us, no more than a foot away, standing around us in a 
half-circle.  They were still smiling.

"I think they like our bodies."  It was the guys doing the talking.  One 
guy was standing right in front of me, and the other next to him, 
right in front of Valerie.  The girls were on either side of us.  I just 
stared up at them: their bodies were huge and muscular beyond 
belief.

"I think they are interested in us," said the guy in front of Valerie.  
The girls both giggled.  "Here," he added, and he quickly slipped down 
his briefs, leaving his huge cock poking out practically into Valerie's 
face.

"And what do *you* think?" added the guy standing in front of me, 
and he slipped his down too, revealing another huge cock right in 
front my eyes.  I saw the other guy had taken Valerie's head in his 
hands and brought her face to his cock.  The girls were giggling some 
more.  She opened her mouth.  She hadn't said a thing.

There was that cock in front of me.  It was so huge.  The guy reached 
for my head and drew it to the cock.  I'd never done anything like that 
and frankly never planned to; never had the least desire.

"You know you're gonna do it."  The girls giggled again.  Valerie was 
sucking away and the guy was moving his pelvis back and forth in a 
fucking motion.  The cock was right at my lips and the guy still drew 
me closer.  He was so big and strong.  I opened my mouth enough to 
let the tip of the head slip in.  Why was I doing this?  He drew me 
closer and it was in my mouth, going to the back of my throat.  Some 
instinct had me doing what was expected.  He was pulling out and 
pushing in.  He laughed.  The girls were gone, I guess they had walked 
on.  The other guy was still fucking Valerie's mouth.

"Look at 'em; they love it."

"Yea, they can't resist *real* cock."  They laughed.  I could feel the 
strength of the hands holding my head.  The cock was so huge and 
hard.  I could feel it begin to tremble, and the guy pushed it as far as 
he could into my throat.  I felt like I would gag.  And he was coming, 
and I swallowed.  I could see that the other guy was coming too, and 
making sure Valerie swallowed.

As soon as the guy was done, he pulled out and pushed me down onto 
the towel, and quickly pulled my swimming trunks off.  I didn't see 
the girls anywhere.  Valerie was quickly beside me, both of us face 
down, nude.  Our hands were being tied: mine were tied by the bra of 
Valerie's bikini and soon our legs too.  In seconds, the guy was 
sitting on my back, and then laying down and pressing his cock 
against my ass.  One glance showed me Valerie was getting exactly 
the same treatment.

"I think we have a couple of winners here!"

"Looks like they like it different ways!"

I felt the cock push right in.  It was so huge.  The guy just rammed it 
home and went to town.  Valerie didn't look at me, just tried to use 
her elbows to keep her head up and just stared at the ground.  She 
was getting exactly the same treatment.  I couldn't believe the guys 
were so hard after just coming.  They just fucked and fucked and we 
just lay there and took it.  Soon they were coming again.  When they 
were done, they just got up and walked on, continuing down the 
beach, carrying there bikinis.

"Glad you guys had fun," one of them shot back as they left.  We were 
still tied.  I stared at their asses.

We lay there stunned for a little while, but as the guys went out of 
sight around a dune, we sat up and tried to get untied.  Then I noticed 
the two girls coming back--they apparently had been up from the 
beach where our car was, hidden behind the sand-fence and the sand-
dunes.  When they saw us, they giggled and ran up, and pushed us back 
down.  With our hands and ankles still tied, we couldn't stop them.  
Soon they were sitting on our backs.  I protested, but they stuffed 
cloth in our mouths and tied them in with clothes around our heads.  
Then I felt a sting on my ass: the girl had spanked me!

She was sitting on my back so I couldn't get up or move away.  She 
spanked again, and she spanked hard--it hurt!  From the sound, I 
realized Valerie was getting the same treatment.  The girls were 
laughing away--I wondered if they were drunk or something.  They 
kept spanking.  Then I noticed that the other girl had her bikini off 
and was scooting her crotch up to Valerie's face.  She took off the 
gag and shoved Valerie's mouth right into her crotch.  The other girl 
reached over and spanked Valerie again.

"Lick, slut," she said.  Valerie looked like she was licking and doing 
whatever she could.  The girl on my back got off and sat in front of 
me.  She was nude too, and she was absolutely gorgeous.  She slipped 
up to my face and ungagged me and quickly pushed my head right into 
her pussy.  Her legs were wrapped around my neck in no time and she 
was ordering me to lick.  She called me a slut too.

They were both still laughing and making satisfied "mmm" sounds.  I 
couldn't see Valerie, but the girl I was eating wrapped her legs 
around me tighter and started rocking her pelvis as if she were 
fucking.  I licked the best I could.  Soon she was coming--yelling and 
screaming, and in a second, she was laying flat on her back.  The 
other girl was done too.  In a second, they were standing and walking 
away, the same direction the guys had gone.

But we didn't just sit there this time--I quickly got my hands to 
where Valerie could reach them and untie them and in a flash we 
were completely untied.  Valerie surprised me by immediately 
getting up and running after the girls!  She quickly caught up with 
them and grabbed one of them and started pulling her back.  The 
other one ran on.  Valerie pushed her to the sand and yelled to me to 
come help her.  I came.  We were all still nude, the girl still 
clutching her bikini as Valerie sat on her.

Valerie told me to sit on her too and as soon as I did, she 
immediately moved up and sat on the girls face, ordering her to lick.  
I couldn't tell if Valerie was enjoying the stimulation--it seemed 
like she just wanted to enjoy the power.  She kept ordering the girl 
to lick and she didn't giggle about it at all.  Then she told me to fuck 
the girl's ass.  She tied the girl with her own bikini, got her rolled 
face down, and sat on her.  The girl didn't scream or anything--she 
just laid there.  I straddled her and Valerie pulled her cheeks apart.  
I put my cock up to her asshole and pushed.

"Fuck it, hard!"  It was Valerie, and I never thought I'd hear 
something like that out of Valerie's mouth.  She was absolutely wild.  
I shoved in and it felt so good.  The girl started making noises, 
groaning and moaning, but she didn't say anything.

"Take it, you little slut!"  I just kept fucking while Valerie did the 
talking.  Soon I was coming.  It was unbelievable, the whole thing.  
Some kind of dream!

When I was done, Valerie pulled me up and pulled me towards the 
water.  The water was actually pretty cold and I hadn't planned on 
going in.  Valerie insisted, pulling me all the way in, cold or no.  As 
soon as we were all the way in, she led the way out again.  I was 
freezing.  The girl had gotten untied and was running away up the 
beach the way the other girl and the guys had gone.  As soon as we 
were out of the water, Valerie grabbed me and pulled me down onto 
the sand, on top of her.

"Fuck me, hard!" she said.  I was so cold.  She hugged my body to hers 
and said more insistently: "Now!  Right now!"  Her body felt so good.  
I was getting hard again, despite everything.  Soon I was in her cunt, 
fucking away.  I don't ever remember a woman fucking back so hard.  
She kept yelling "Do it!  Harder!" and she pushed into me with each 
stroke.  I was coming in no time and she was too, for the way she 
was acting.  She was hugging me as tight as she could, and saying 
"Yes! Yesss!"  It was truly unbelievable.

I lay next to her.  But after what seemed like just a couple of 
seconds, she jumped up and said we'd better go.  I wondered if the 
guys would come back and decided she was right.  We quickly put our 
suits back on, packed up our things, and headed back to the car.

The other girl was there at the car, leaning against it.  She wasn't 
saying anything.  I looked at Valerie.  She didn't show a bit of 
surprise.  I wondered if I knew Valerie as well as I thought I did.  
When we got there, Valerie told her to get in the back seat.  We 
drove back to the hotel, taking her with us.  Valerie loaned her a 
towel to wrap around herself as we went back to our rooms--
Valerie's room actually, as she insisted I come with her.

Once she had the door closed, she immediately grabbed the girl and 
stripped off her bikini.  She tied her up with any clothes she could 
grab, then pulled off the covers to the bed and tied her to the bed, 
spread-eagled, faced down.  She gagged the girl and found a leather 
belt and whipped her ass.  She had me fuck the girl's ass and had the 
girl eat her out and suck me off too.  In fact, she kept the girl tied 
and doing our bidding for the rest of our stay, and left her tied in the 
room for the maid to find when we left.
