Archive-name: Bondage/corass03.txt
Archive-author: Lindsay Crawford
Archive-title: Corporate Assets - or Welcome to L.A.)  3


The three men had watched all of this with great attention. "Now comes
our fun," said Skinny. They all laughed. "It's time to play Wheel of
Fortune. Maria you be Vanna," he said. Maria reached into the bag and
withdrew three slips of paper. Each man took one. "You know what they're
doing?" Maria asked Sandra. "They're drawing to see who gets to fuck you
where. One gets your mouth, one gets your sweet pussy and the other gets
that big ass of yours." The men unfolded the paper they held. They compared
them and smiled. "Good job, Maria," Skinny said. "Looks like you matched up
everything real good."  "Well," said Stocky, "I've got that big mouth of
hers so I go first."  

The two other men stood Sandra on her feet. Stocky laughed as he
reached out to grab her tits. He pinched her large dark nipples. "I like
big tits and big nipples and you got 'em both. I like the way they sag,
don't change a thing." From behind one of the men grabbed her shoulders and
forced her to kneel. Stocky now stood in front of her. His fly was directly
level with her face. "Time to get to work," he said. He unzipped his pants
and unbuckled his belt. He unbuttoned his dirty jeans and slid them down.
As he did his hard cock sprang out, almost hitting Sandra in the face. He
stroked his cock and then removed his t-shirt. "You got some serious cock
sucking to do," Stocky said. He continued to jack his cock. His body was
covered with thick curly hair and his cock had hair on almost half its
length.

"Open up, bitch," he said. "We hear you like to use your mouth on
other people. Here's your chance." Sandra refused to do as she was told.
His cock was not that long but it was thick. The head was red as it emerged
from the uncircumcised foreskin. He put the head of his cock against her
lips and moved his hips forward. She tried to turn her face away but Maria
came behind her and held her head in place. The man ran his cock head over
her lips. "Last chance to be a nice girl," he said. He held his cock with
one hand and with the other he reached out and pinched closed her nose.
Sandra gasped for breath and as she did Stocky shoved the head of his
engorged cock into her mouth. "You take good care of my cock. If I feel any
teeth, I'll knock all of yours out." He let go of his cock and put both
hands on her head. "Like the taste? Kinda like cavier, ain't it?" He
laughed. "I ain't had a good blowjob in a week so I've saved all my cum to
fill up your stomach. Think of this as a catered lunch." He then began to
push the full length of his cock into the mouth of his unwilling victim.
Soon it was entirely buried between her lips. 

The public hair scraped her nose and his heavy balls rested on her
chin. He then began to move his cock in and out. It filled Sandra's mouth
and made her jaws ache when he put all of it in her. He held her head and
began to fuck her mouth roughly. "That's it bitch, suck it. Run that sharp
tongue of yours around the head." Faster and faster he forced his cock in
and out of mouth. She could barely breathe when the cock struck the back of
her throat. He smelled like he hadn't had a bath in weeks. The smell of his
cock almost overpowered her. She felt faint. She could see that skin of his
cock glistened as it slid out of her mouth. The methodical, brutal rape of
her mouth went on for what seemed an eternity. The room was quiet. Sandra
could hear the slurping sound of his cock sliding into her mouth. "Looks
like we found a use for that smart mouth of yours. You suck cock real good.
Maybe this could be a career move for you," he said sarcastically. To
emphasize his feelings he shoved his cock deep into her throat as he
wrapped his fingers in her light hair. 

Sandra heard a strange clicking sound but it was soon drowned out by
his grunts. They began to come closer together. "Dinner is about to be
served, bitch," he growled. His pace was faster and harder. He slammed his
cock into her mouth. Sandra thought he would pull her hair out by the
roots. Then he let out a groan. Suddenly her mouth was filled with his hot
salty cum. He let out a sharp yelp. Wave after wave filled her mouth. She
couldn't breathe. She tried not to swallow it but it was just too much. She
could feel some of it leaking out of her mouth and running down her face.
He seemed to have gallons of cum. "Suck all of it. Hot cream sauce just for
you, cunt" he yelled as he jerked his hips against her face. Then she felt
a slight softening and the flow of cum began to subside. Stocky let go of
her hair and used one hand to stroked his cock to get the last bit of cum
into her mouth. "Good to the last drop," he laughed. Sandra heard that
clicking sound again. As the man pulled his now limp cock from her mouth,
she saw that Maria had a camera. "Just a few snapshots for your resume,"
she laughed. "And ready in just sixty seconds."

Sandra slumped back on her heels as Stocky released her head. She
could taste the cum on her lips and felt it on her chin. "Looks like it's
my turn," said Skinny. "I think I'll let her do most of the work, she likes
to be in charge of everything," he said with a sneer. Maria took a rag and
wiped the cum off Sandra's face and tits. "Look what nice pictures you
make," said Maria as she held photos in front of Sandra's face. The photo
showed Sandra with her lips wrapped around the hairy shaft of Stocky's
cock. Her eyes were closed. Another showed Sandra with her cheeks puffed
out as the entire length of the cock was in her mouth. The final shot
showed Sandra looking at the camera as the deflated cock was being pulled
from her mouth. Cum was dripping off her chin. 

(TO BE CONTINUED)

--
