Archive-name: Bondage/corass06.txt
Archive-author: Lindsay Crawford
Archive-title: Corporate Assets II - The Lesson Continues  1


It had been several months since the day when Sandra had been abducted
from the parking garage. She had told no one about. She was afraid that it
would ruin her career with the company. Nothing in the office had really
changed. Sandra did notice that one of her co-workers, Bob, had looked at
her in a strange way, but he had said nothing. Sandra had avoided him. The
thought that he might have had something to do with her kidnapping scared
her. She was relieved when he was transferred to another office.

She had been assigned a new secretary. Personnel had refused to let
her hire her own. Sandra had been angry with that decision, but her boss
had said it came from the top, so she let it go. Her new secretary was a
young Hispanic woman named Rachel. She was not particularly pretty. She
dressed very plainly and was very quiet. She came to work on time; her work
was very good and she said very little to anyone, including Sandra. Sandra
suspected that Rachel lived at home and was a devout churchgoer, but the
her file said little beyond her name, address and work experience.

Sandra had not undergone any massive changes in her office demeanor.
She may have been less ready to scream at employes but she still did it.
She didn't seek out co-workers to torment but if the opportunity can her
way she took it. Sandra believed that she had changed for the better. She
honestly thought that she was only doing what a true professional would do.

From time to time Sandra would unlock the security drawer of her
private file cabinet and take out a plain brown envelope. Inside were the
photos of her ordeal. She had tried to throw them away, but couldn't. She
would close and lock her door and pulled the photos out of their envelope.
One photo showed her with a cock in her mouth while being fucked the in the
pussy. The other showed her licking pussy while being ass fucked. When she
saw them a flood of feelings came over her; Shame, guilt, fear, excitement,
arousal, and lust. The photos seemed to be of another person. The entire
event seemed to have happened to someone else. When Sandra thought of it,
she viewed it more like remembering a movie or a dream. It didn't seem to
have anything to do with reality or her.

It was a Friday afternoon when Rachel knocked on Sandra's door. She
quickly put away the photos and locked them up. She opened the door to find
Rachel quietly standing there with a handful of papers. "I need for you to
review these and if they're okay, then sign them," said Rachel in her
almost mousy voice. Sandra was always in a state of heightened sensitivity
after looking at the photos. "You bothered me for that?," she snapped at
Rachel. "Couldn't this was waited?" "I'm very sorry," apologized Rachel.
"But I knew you wanted this to go out in the mail today." "Then why the
hell did you wait to the last minute to do them, you stupid girl!" shouted
Sandra. The few people left in the office turned their heads at the noise.
Sandra grabbed Rachel by the arm and jerked her into the office and slammed
the door. "Look from now on when you want me and my door is closed, you
call me on the phone first, comprende?" Sandra growled. "Yes," said Rachel.
Her lack of fear seemed to enrage Sandra. "Now look, I know your just a
stupid Mexican, but if you can't understand my rules I'll get rid of you."
threatened Sandra. "I'm not a stupid Mexican..." began Rachel. "Shut your
fucking mouth you ignorant, Spic!" shrieked Sandra. "You pepper-bellies are
all stupid. Just a bunch of whores and greasers running around in those
stupid low riding cars!" By now Sandra had lost control of herself. "I know
all about your kind. And I know how to deal with them. You put them in
their place. Show them who's boss," she fairly screamed at Rachel. "Well
I'm the boss around here and you'll do as I say or I'll make it hell for
you."

During this tirade Rachel had only stared at Sandra. She showed no
emotion; neither anger nor fear. Now she quietly said, "I understand
exactly what you mean." "Can I go now?" she asked. "Yes", yelled Sandra.
"Get the hell out of my sight. I've got lots of work still to do. Thanks to
people like you I've got to come in to work tomorrow and I'll probably be
here all night." Rachel put the papers on Sandra's desk and left the
office, closing the door behind her. Sandra was almost out of breath due to
her explosion. She threw herself into her leather chair and gasped for air.
She felt good. She had been keeping all of that rage inside her and now it
was out. Being nice to idiots was not her style and she wasn't going to
change.

The next day Sandra arose late and spent the day shopping for clothes.
She also did some grocery shopping. It was late in the afternoon when she
arrived at the office. The parking garage was empty. Sandra had never felt
safe in the garage after her abduction. She parked, took her bag of
groceries with her and quickly went into the building. She took the
elevator to her floor; made her way to her office and unlocked the door.
She looked out the window of her office at the hills that surrounded her
mid-rise office building. She thought about how nice it would be to go home
and get into her hot tub and just relax. This thought lasted only a moment
as Sandra realized she had a lot of paperwork to do before Monday. As the
sun slowly set, Sandra turned to her desk and began working.

She had been at it for about four hours when she took a break. She
rose and opened her office door. The other offices were empty; their
occupants long since gone. Sandra smirked and thought about how lazy her
co-workers were not to put in extra hours. She crossed the open work area
and headed for the snack bar on the next floor. She entered the stairwell
and walked up one flight. As she opened the door into the hallway, she
nearly bumped into one of the night cleaning crew. "Watch where you're
going," she growl at the woman who was pushing the cleaning cart. The
Hispanic woman said nothing, only smiled. Sandra thought to herself that
the stupid thing probably didn't speak English as she entered the snack
bar. 

Two more of the cleaning crew were in the snack bar. A young and
woman, both Hispanic, were talking to each other in Spanish. They stopped
and turned to look at Sandra as she entered. Sandra glared at them as she
crossed the room. They both smiled at her and she ignored them. They left
the snack bar without a word. Sandra bought a diet Coke and again thought
of how she needed to lose a few pounds. She rubbed her hips through her
skirt. Maybe it was time for that plastic surgery she had thought about. 
She was wondering what it would cost and how long she would be away from
work as she walked back to her office. Up the stairs and down the empty
corridors. She was approaching her office. She thought she had left the
door open, but now it was closed. Must be those stupid cleaning people, she
thought as she turned the door knob.

As the door opened Sandra suddenly saw one of the cleaning men
standing at her file cabinet with a drawer open. The man's back was to
Sandra. "What the hell do you think you're doing", she yelled at the man as
she charged across the office. The man turned around and Sandra came to an
abrupt halt. In the man's hand was a pistol, pointed directly at Sandra.
The man smiled but said nothing. Behind Sandra something was moving. She
turned to see the young man and woman from the snack bar. With them was
Rachel.

(TO BE CONTINUED)

--
