Archive-name: Bondage/corass04.txt
Archive-author: Lindsay Crawford
Archive-title: Corporate Assets - or Welcome to L.A.)  4


Suddenly, Skinny grabbed her nipples roughly and pulled her up to her
feet. He led her to the middle of the room. He pulled his t-shirt over his
head. He quickly undid his pants and pulled them off. Sandra couldn't help
but look at his cock. It was a long thin cock, perhaps 10 inches long. He
had almost no hair anywhere on his body, including around his cock. He
suddenly reached down between her legs and shoved his finger into her
pussy. "Good, still nice and wet. I think you must like this." It was true,
in spite of the abuse Sandra pussy was hot and dripping. Skinny roughly
moved his fingers in and out of her pussy. "Got to inspect the real estate
first, " he said. He then lay down on his back. His long obscene cock
sticking straight up. Maria grabbed Sandra's shoulders and walked her
toward the grinning rapist. "Climb on for the ride. Next stop Cocksville,"
he grinned. Sandra stepped over his body and stood above him, looking down
he stroked his flaming cock. He too was uncircumcised. She felt Maria push
her down. "Take the executive elevator down, " said Maria. Sandra had to
move her feet outward to balance herself. This caused her to spread her
legs as she was forced down. The man reached up and guided her pussy down
to his waiting cock. Sandra felt the head of the cock touch her pussy lips.
She tried to stand up but Maria continued to force her lower. Then the head
was in her pussy. The lower she was shoved, the deeper the cock went in
her. It seemed to reach to her stomach. Finally her ass was resting on the
hips of the smiling man.

She felt like a pole had been shoved up her pussy. Never had such a
long cock been inside her. Maria let her go and Sandra fell back slightly.
Her hands, still tied behind her, felt the bony knees of the man. "I told
you, you was gonna do the work. So get to fucking, bitch." He reached out
and grabbed her nipples. He pinched her now erect nipples between thumb and
forefinger. Pain shot through her. "Slide that high priced cunt up and down
my cock", he growled threateningly. Sandra raised herself slightly. The
pain in her belly eased as she lifted herself off the rigid cock. She
continued to raise up and she felt the cock sliding out of her. Then only
the head was in her. She then began to slowly lower herself. When the cock
was in as deep as she wanted it to be she started to raise up again. "Not
quite. We want to be sure you've reached your full potential," said the man
as he reached out and grabbed her by the hips. He pulled her down until the
full length of his cock with buried deep in her pussy. The pain shot
through her again. "Maybe she needs some professional training," he said to
Maria. Maria grabbed Sandra's arms and began to lift her. Then Maria shoved
her down, impaling her on the hard cock. Sandra gasped as her ass came down
on the man. Again Maria lifted her, and again slammed her upon that shaft
of meat. Over and over, she rose and fell. "Just think of exercise class,"
said Maria. "Up and down. Only problem is this exercise gives up a belly,
instead of helping you lose it." The sharp pain became a dull ache in her
pussy. Then Maria moved to get the camera. "Smile for the annual report,
senora" she said as she began shooting pictures of Sandra being fucked in
this brutal manner. 

"Okay, time for a change," said Skinny. Sandra was lifted off of him
and laid on her back. "Please, my hands," she began as her full weight has
pressed against her bound hands. "Oh did we hurt you?" said Maria. "The way
you hurt other people we thought you liked it". Maria and the third man
grabbed Sandra's ankles and lifted them as they spread her legs. Skinny was
stroking his cock, now slick with her pussy juice. He knelt between her
legs and put his cock against her pussy. "You never can depend on other
people to do it right," he said. "Always got to do it yourself. Right?"
With that he slammed the entire length of his cock into her exposed pussy.
Sandra gasped. He pulled it out, except for the head and slammed it home
again. In and out he went. In spite of the pain Sandra had begun to respond
on the most basic level. Her clit was being rubbed and no matter that it
was rape, her body responded. She looked down between her legs and watched
with fascination as that long cock slid in and out of her pussy. It was
almost, she thought, like watching someone else being fucked. Maria and the
man pulled Sandra's legs toward her head so that her feet were almost
directly above her face. She heard someone moan, then realized it was her.
"So you like this fucking exercise, chiquita?" asked Maria. "It don`t take
no fancy equipment neither."

Sandra then saw Stocky standing above her. He was still naked and his
cock had come back to life. He knelt beside her head. "Mind if I give her
something to do with her mouth?" he asked the man who was pounding her
pussy. Skinny merely grunted and continued his rapid fucking. Sandra felt
her head being turned to the side. She was now staring directly at Stocky's
hard on. The man pushed his cock head against her lips, she opened her
mouth. He shoved the length into her. "Now you got the hang of it," he
said. Now she was being fucked in the mouth and the pussy. Her body was
writhing. Heat was building up between her legs. The long thin cock whipped
in and out of her pussy, while the short thick cock filled her mouth. Her
mewing barely escaped around the cock as it was pulled from her mouth. She
was losing consciousness, overcome by the twin sensations. Then the
slamming of her pussy picked up speed. As if giving a signal, so did thecock between her lips. Maria had released her leg and now had the
camera. "This will be really nice, shows all your talents," she said.
Together the two cocks filled Sandra. Then the grunting grew louder, she
felt Skinny's hot cum filling her pussy. It was followed almost immediately
by Stocky's cum splashing into her mouth. She must have fainted because the
next thing she knew someone was poring water on her face. "Now that's what
I call really getting into it," said Maria. "But you ain't through yet, mi
bonita."

(TO BE CONTINUED)

--
