Archive-name: Bondage/corass08.txt
Archive-author: Lindsay Crawford
Archive-title: Corporate Assets II - The Lesson Continues  2


Raymond reached down and stopped her. "Somebody else wants you", he
said. Sandra lifted her head from his cock and turned around. During her
fellatio Carmen and Hector had taken off their clothes. Rachel was still
clothed and seated on the couch. The two men grabbed Sandra and stood her
up. The moved her to her desk and shoved all of the papers and notes off
the top of it. "Guess that takes care of all your paper work", said
Raymond.  "Get on the desk." Sandra climbed on the desk. "On you back",
ordered Hector. Sandra lay down with the back against the cold desktop. The
men grabbed her shoulders and pulled her down the desk until her head hung
off the end. Then Hector reached down and opened her mouth. He guided his
cock into her mouth. It was slightly longer and larger than Raymond.
Neither of the men had any body hair except for a sparse patch around their
cocks. From her upside-down position Sandra could see his balls hanging
from his cock. Hector moved forward and buried his cock up to the hilt.
With her head in such a position, Sandra's mouth and throat were in a
straight line and Hector literally put his cock into her throat. Sandra
began to choke and gag. "Uuuuugghhh!" She couldn't breathe. She began to
put her hands up, but Raymond grabbed them and held them down. Hector
pulled back and Sandra could breathe again. He then forced the entire
length into her mouth. She gasped around the cock which now filled her
mouth and threatened to choke her to death. Again he withdrew and then
returned. Sandra realized that she could breathe through her nose while the
cock was deep in her throat. This at least kept her from choking.

Then Hector stopped her sucking and removed his cock from her mouth.
Carmen stood in front of Sandra. "You like cock. Let's see if you lick
pussy as good!" she said. She took Sandra's head in her hands and pulled it
toward her thick dark mass of pussy hair. Sandra tongue came in contact
with Carmen's clit almost immediately. Sandra flicked her tongue against
it. She felt Carmen shudder in delight. Sandra then ran her tongue down
Carmen's pussy slit. She forced her tongue into the woman's pussy. It was
already wet. Carmen ground her hips against Sandra's face and Sandra pushed
her tongue deep into the other woman's cunt. Her tongue played over the wet
and warm area like a snake. Carmen reached down to grabbed both of Sandra's
large tits. She roughly squeezed Sandra's large brown nipples. "That's
enough", Sandra heard Rachel say. Carmen left go of Sandra's tits and
stepped back. "It's time for the lesson", said Rachel to Sandra. 

Sandra felt someone grab her ankles and pull her. Her head hit the
edge of the desk. She was being turned over as she was pulled. Finally she
was on her face bent over the edge of the desk. "You've really got a fat
ass," she heard Rachel say from behind her. "I think it needs some working
out!" With that Rachel struck Sandra ass with her hand. Sandra cried out
and started to stand up. Hector grabbed her hands and stretched them in
from of her. Raymond held her hips down. "You`re going to learn not to talk
to me the way you did!" said Rachel. Sandra felt another smack against her
ass. Then another and another. Then there was a steady stream of them. Each
stung worse than the one before. Sandra sobbed as she took this spanking
from her secretary. "I know how to put people in their place, too!" said
Rachel as she struck her boss' ass. Sandra's white ass was now a mass of
red splotches. Each was in the shape of a hand, until almost all of her
large ass cheeks were bright red.

Then the spanking stopped. Sandra's head was on the desk and she
sobbed for breath. Fingers explored her pussy. "Hey, she's wet!" said
Raymond. "I think she really likes this stuff." His fingers explored her
pussy. He pushed one, then two into Sandra's cunt. He withdrew them. She
felt his cock pressed against her pussy lips. Then the head was in her
pussy. Hector shoved the entire length into her. His hips came in contact
with her tender ass cheeks and she cried out in pain. "Oooowwww!" He pulled
back and then rammed his cock home again. Hector continued to hold Sandra's
hands pulled out and down against the desk. "Hey man, leave me some", he
laughed at Hector. In and out went Raymond's cock. Each time he struck her
ass Sandra cried out.

(TO BE CONTINUED)
--
