Archive-name: Bondage/corass07.txt
Archive-author: Lindsay Crawford
Archive-title: Corporate Assets II - The Lesson Continues  2


"What's going on here?", demanded Sandra. "You're all in a lot of
trouble." Rachel stepped toward Sandra. "I think you're the one in a lot of
trouble", she said coolly. The man closed the office door and locked it.
Sandra made a wild grab for the telephone. Before she could reach it the
man with the gun stepped in front of her, pressing the gun against her
head. "I don't think you want to do that", he said. He grabbed Sandra's arm
and turned her to face the other three people. "I want to introduce you to
my friends", said Rachel. "This is Hector. This is Carmen and next to you
is Raymond. We gave the regular cleaning crew the night off. This is my
boss Sandra, I was telling you about her." All of them laughed. "I want
Sandra to get to know all of us better. She has some ideas about Chicanos
that need changing and tonight we're going to change them."

Sandra's fear surged through her body. Her throat was dry, she
couldn't speak. Her eyes were wide with fright as she looked at each of the
faces of her captors. "First Sandra is going to show us how well she
dresses. Or rather how well she undresses", said Rachel. "We want a strip
show and we want a good one. We're just stupid Mexicans so show us how a
classy lady like you does it." Sandra simple stood there too scared to
move. Raymond prodded her toward the center of the large office with the
gun. "Let`s start the show," he said. Sandra grabbed at the collar of her
blouse to pull it around her throat. "Look, we shoot you, nobody knows
nothing and you're dead", said Raymond. "Is that what you want?" Sandra
slowly shook her head. "Well get started", ordered Raymond. Sandra knew she
had no choice. They could kill her and no one would know until Monday. She
began to fumble with the top button to her blouse. She undid one button,
then another until all were undone. She paused for a minute to look around
her. Raymond stood near her with the pistol, while the others had gone to
the sofa near the window. Raymond waived the gun at her to indicate to
continue. She pulled the blouse out of her skirt. She slowly began to
unhook her skirt. She then unzipped it. She began to remove her blouse. Her
bra barely contained her large breasts. Once the blouse was gone she began
to slowly pull the skirt down across her hips.

"This is pretty boring", said Hector. "Let's get on with." Sandra had
let the skirt drop. She was wearing only her bra and pantihose. She reached
behind her to unhook her bra. As she did he large tits drooped. She began
to roll the pantihose over her hips. She exposed a brown mass of pussy
hair. She removed her shoes and then pulled off the hose. She now stood
completely naked before her captors. "Well she's got big tits, but she's
also got a big belly and a fat ass", said Hector. "Nothing too great about
her." "Yeah, but she'll do, at least for a night", laughed Raymond. Rachel
rose from the sofa and walked up to Sandra. "No one talks to me the way you
did yesterday. No one", she said. "I'm not a bad person, but you are and
you're going to be sorry you called me names." With that she slapped Sandra
in the face. "Let's the party started, man", said Raymond. Rachel nodded
and went back to the sofa. "Come over here", said Raymond to Sandra. She
turned and walked to where he was standing. "Now get on your knees and undo
my pants." Sandra kneeled and reached out to undo his belt. Then she
unbuttoned his pants and unzipped his fly. "Now pull them down", he
ordered. Sandra pulled down his pants to reveal his white briefs. Inside
she could see she his erect cock. "Now my underwear", he said. Sandra
pulled the white shorts down. Raymond's cock stood out from his body. "Now
give it a kiss", he said. Sandra leaned forward and lightly kissed
Raymond's cock. "Now run you tongue up and down it", he said. Sandra's
tongue licked his eight-inch cock like an ice cream cone. "Now my balls",
came the order. She kissed his balls and licked them.

Raymond stepped back and removed his pants and underwear from around
his ankles. He then sat down in a chair. He motioned Sandra toward him. She
walked on her knees to where he was. "Now get to sucking, bitch!" he
sneered. Sandra bent over his cock as Raymond spread his legs. She took the
head of his cock in her mouth. She slowly began to take more of it into her
mouth. Her hand was wrapped around the base of the cock as he sucked it.
She took the entire length in her mouth and felt Raymond's hand on the back
of her head holding her in place. "Now that's some cock sucking", Raymond
exclaimed. He released the pressure and Sandra slid the cock out of her
mouth. She continued sucking for a few minutes. She could hear the slurping
sound her mouth made on his cock.

(TO BE CONTINUED)

--
