Archive-name: Family/cori02.txt
Archive-author: The Joker
Archive-title: Cori 2


Seeing that both Cori and Brett were eager to continue 
their education of each other's bodies, I glanced at the 
clock to see how much time we had.  It was still only 
10:30 pm.  We had about three hours left before Jenny 
and Beth would be close to getting back.

I didn't want to rush them into taking their clothes off 
right away, as I felt that might scare them off.  So, I 
eased down onto the blanket with them, trying to conceal 
my hard-on as I went.

"Why don't we just lay down here like you two were a 
few minutes ago, and just relax?" I said, reassuringly.  

I sat down crosslegged on the blanket facing both Cori 
and Brett.  Brett began wiping his hand off on his 
pajamas.

"How much of each other did you two see a while ago?" I 
asked, trying to sound as if I didn't know.

"I didn't see anything!" Brett exclaimed.

Cori sat silently, her eyes looking at me then looking 
down.

"Cori?" I prodded.

"Well..., I-I saw a little bit," she said quietly, "but it wasn't 
much!"

"I see," I paused for a moment, "Do you two want to see 
more of each other, down there?"

"Yeah!" Brett blurted out.

Cori just lay there looking rather uncertain about all of 
this.

"How about it Cori?"

"I...., I don't know," she said apprehensively, "I don't want 
mom finding out.  And besides......, I'm a little 
embarrassed."

"Well, I'm not going to tell anybody," I said, trying to 
reassure her.  "We'll just keep it our little secret.  And if 
it makes you feel any better, we'll start with Brett."

"Hey!  That ain't fair!  She already got to see me!"

"Now just calm down Brett," I commanded.  "We aren't 
going to do anything if you don't do as I say."

"Oh..., alright," he said reluctantly.

"Is that alright with you, Cori?" I asked.

"Well...., I..., I guess so.  But I'm embarrassed for you to 
see me....., you know.....?"

"I see.  Well, maybe we can work something out about 
that, OK?" 

"O-OK, I guess so."

"OK, then.  Brett, why don't you lay down on your back, 
and let Cori start rubbing your chest?"

I wanted to ease them into this, and get their curiosity 
and excitement going again.  Brett lay back, his pajama 
top and pants still unbuttoned.  His little dick was now 
soft, and was still covered just below the bottom of the 
flap.  Cori scooted over to him on her butt, and began 
rubbing his chest.  Brett just lay there with his hands 
behind his head, enjoying himself.  I watched Cori as she 
circled Brett's nipples with her fingertips, and it wasn't 
long before I noticed that Brett's dick began to poke up in 
his pajamas again.

"Why don't you take your pajama bottoms off, Brett?" I 
asked, trying to get Cori to get loosened up more.

Brett wasn't shy.  He just lifted his hips up and shucked 
them right off, kicking them onto the sofa with his foot.  
Cori was embarrassed to look at it at first, but as she 
continued to caress Brett's chest, I noticed her gaze began 
to shift down to it, lingering longer each time.  Her 
strokes began to get lower and lower, finally coming to 
within inches of his little dick, but still not touching it.  
She was still too shy to touch it with me looking on, so I 
decided to coax her on a little bit.

"Cori, it's OK to touch it.  I'll tell you what to do to make it 
feel good for him if you want me to."

She nodded her head as she tentatively grasped his dick 
and began fondling it along the shaft.  This caused Brett 
to stiffen his legs, forcing his hips up slightly.

"That part is what is called the penis," I informed her.  
"At least that's the scientific name for it.  Most people call 
it a dick, or cock.  If you look down, you'll see a little bag, 
or sack."

She began to run her fingertips down to his scrotum, 
causing it to shrink up a little.

"If you feel real gently, you can feel two little balls in 
there.  Those are called testicles."

She gently probed her index finger into his scrotum, then 
grasping one of his balls between her thumb and index 
finger.

"When he gets older, that's what will make sperm."

"Oh, yeah.  We learned about that in school," she 
interuppted.  "What does sperm look like?"

"Well...," I paused, "I don't know if Brett can make any 
sperm yet, but it's usually thick and white."

I didn't want to satisfy her curiosity soley on Brett.  I was 
pretty sure that even though he probably couldn't 
produce any sperm yet , he probably could ejaculate.   I 
didn't want her to know that, though.  I just had to take a 
chance that Brett had not yet jacked off all the way 
before now.  

Since Brett didn't say anything, I continued, "Maybe 
you'll get to see some sperm later on, though."

Cori just looked over at me, still holding Brett's testicle 
between her finger.

"Owww!" Brett yelled.

Cori jumped, letting go of his ball.

"You have to be very careful when you feel his balls, Cori.  
It's OK, though, he's alright.  Now wrap your fingers 
around his dick, and slide them up and down."

She gently reached over taking his dick in her hand, and 
began to stroke it.

"That feels real good to a boy.  It's kinda feels something 
like when he's having sex."

"Sex feels good. I mean..., for a boy?" she asked.

"Oh, yeah!  It feels much better than that.  And it also 
feels real good to the girl, too," I replied, not telling the 
whole truth.

I could see the gears working in Cori's head.  She was 
probably thinking about how good it felt when Brett felt 
her up a while ago, and also about my telling her that 
Brett couldn't make any sperm yet.

I let her play with Brett a little while longer, before 
springing the next bombshell on her.

"There's something else that feels real good to a boy, that 
feels even more like having sex."

"What?" she asked.

"It's when a girl puts the boy's dick in her mouth, and 
sucks on it a little.  Why don't you try it on Brett?"

Her expression changed to a sneer, "What if he pees in 
my mouth?"

"Oh, he's not going to pee in your mouth.  His dick is too 
hard for that.  Why don't you try it?  It's not going to 
hurt you.  Just be sure you don't bite him or rub your 
teeth against his dick, because that would hurt him."

She looked down at Brett's dick with uncertainty, still 
stroking it gently, then back at me.

"It's OK., go ahead," I encouraged.

Cori leaned over, stopping her mouth right at Brett's dick.  
She opened her lips, and without touching his dick with 
any part of her mouth, slowly put the head just inside 
her mouth.  She them backed off, glancing over at me, 
then readjusted herself onto her knees.  Once again, she 
leaned over Brett, putting the head of his dick just inside 
her mouth without touching it with her lips.  

Then......, slowly...., her lips closed until...., finally!  Her lips 
were now wrapped around Brett's little dick!  Brett's legs 
stiffened again, thrusting his hips up.  Cori pulled back, 
sucking slightly on Brett's dick as it popped out with a 
loud "pttthhhppp!"

She eased back slightly, licking her lips, and tasting this 
new sensation.  Again, she went down on him, and since 
Brett's dick was still relatively small, this time she easily 
took all of it into her mouth.  She closed her lips around it 
and holding her mouth in one place, began sucking on it 
much the way a baby sucks on a bottle.  Brett's hips 
pushed up into her face, forcing any remaining fraction of 
his dick into her mouth and pushing Cori's nose into his 
balls.  She kept sucking on it, pulling back after a few 
seconds, and again, releasing his dick from her mouth 
with another "pttthhhppp!"

"That's very good Cori!" I encouraged. "This time, just 
move your mouth up and down on his dick while sucking 
on it.  You don't have to suck real hard, just a little bit.  
And every once in a while, lick it with your tounge, just 
like you would with a lollipop."

She looked over at me with a little smile, pleased that she 
was doing so well.  Then, she leaned over and again took 
Brett's dick in her mouth, but this time she started at the 
head.  Slowly at first, she eased her mouth up and down 
on Brett's hard, little dick, increasing the tempo to match 
Brett as he began to hump her mouth.

I leaned back on one arm, and began to rub my dick 
through my shorts.  She was a sight to behold, her panty-
clad ass poking out from under her gown, and her long 
blonde hair swishing back and forth as she sucked Brett's 
dick.

After a minute or two, Brett began to draw his legs up, 
bending at the hips.  Even though he didn't know what 
was happening, I knew he was close to coming in Cori's 
mouth.  But I wasn't through with them yet.

"Cori, why don't you take a break and let Brett rub you 
for a while?"

Cori sat up, and I heard the now familiar "pttthhhppp!" as 
Brett's dick escaped her lips.  She lay down on her back, 
pulling her gown down to cover her panties as Brett 
began to stroke her chest.  

"Don't be shy, Cori," I said, stroking her blonde hair. "It 
won't feel as good if he has to rub you through your 
clothes.  Why don't you just take your gown off.  You can 
leave your panties on if you want to."

Cori blushed, "Well..., alright.  But only if you promise not 
to laugh.  My boobies are not big like mom's are yet."


TO BE CONTINUED.......

*****************************

--
