Archive-name: Family/cori03.txt
Archive-author: The Joker
Archive-title: Cori 3


After reassuring her that we certainly weren't going to 
laugh, Cori sat up and pulled her gown up over her head, 
throwing it to the side.  As she lay back down, she stared 
at me as if to see if there were any signs of approval in 
my face.  I'm sure she wasn't disappointed, as my eyes 
were greeted with the beauty of this semi-nude eleven 
year old.  I could just see the small mounds that were to 
one day be full grown breasts, topped by small pinkish 
areolas which stood up like tiny chinese straw hats.  Her 
belly was smooth and flat, and her panties were pulled 
tightly across her mound, giving away the location of her 
tiny, preteen slit.

"Ohh, Cori!  You're such a beautiful girl!" I said as she 
blushed again, smiling with pride.

Brett, now completely naked, continued to caress Cori's 
chest, glancing down at her panty-covered slit 
occasionally in anticipation as he lay on his side.  Until 
now, I had made no move to touch either one of them.  
But now, with Cori laying just inches away from me with 
only a pair of panties on, I could no longer restrain 
myself.

"Cori, do you mind if I rub your chest, too?" I asked 
politely.

"It's OK," she said, sounding relieved that I, too, was now 
in this for real.

I gently caressed around the area surrounding the nipple 
closest to me, as I watched Brett do the same on the other 
side.  Her nipples began to harden, causing them to poke 
out even further from her chest.

"Brett, do you remember how Cori was sucking on your 
dick at first, not using her teeth?" I asked, as he nodded 
his head yes.

"Well, why don't you gently suck on one of her nipples 
like that?  I think she may like it."

Brett eased over and gently put his lips over Cori's left 
nipple and began sucking.  Even though it stuck out some, 
her nipple was still not big enough to get a good lip hold 
on it, and Brett's mouth at first began to slip off with a 
"pthhtt!"  But as he continued, the nipple began to stretch 
some, slipping deeper into his mouth.  

"Ow!" Cori flinched, as he either sucked too hard, or raked 
his teeth across her nipple.  

"Not so hard Brett," I instructed.  "Here, let me show you."

I leaned over, not waiting for Cori's approval, and circled 
my tounge around on her left areola.  I could see out of 
the corner of my eye Cori's mouth open slightly.  I then 
eased down, taking the nipple between my lips, sucking it 
gently as I caressed her belly.  As with Brett, there 
wasn't much to hold onto at first, but as her nipple began 
to stretch, I was able to get more of it into my mouth.  
After a little bit more of this 'instruction', I raised up to 
see Brett caressing Cori just below the waistband on the 
outside of her panties.

I leaned back to watch as Brett's hand inched lower, 
circling as it went, until finally his fingertips were 
brushing the top of her slit.  On his next pass down, I 
watched as his fingertips bumped across the cleft of her 
slit, causing Cori to draw her legs up slightly.  Brett then 
slid his hand right down between her legs, feeling the 
smoothness of her panty-covered pussy.

Glancing at Cori's face, I could see she was looking 
directly at Brett's hand sliding up and down between her 
legs.  Her breathing was becoming more rapid, as she 
began to get more excited.

"Cori," I whispered, "why don't you just slip your panties 
off now?  That way you will be able to feel more, and 
Brett will get a chance to see you."

She hesitated.  I knew as soon as I said 'Brett will get a 
chance to see you' that she may have second thoughts.  I 
had to think fast.

"It wouldn't be fair since you got to see him, if you didn't 
let him see you," I prodded.

She still lay there, blushing.

"Are you embarrassed to take them off?" I asked, her 
responding with a big nod.

"Well, would it make you feel any better if I took my 
clothes off, too? I asked.

She tought for a moment, then nodded yes.

I rolled over onto my back, and lifting my hips up I 
pulled my shorts down until the waistband caught on the 
head of my dick.  I lifted the band up and over my 
cockhead, then lowering my hips before shucking them 
the rest of the way off.  

"Wow, it's a lot bigger than Brett's, and it's hard too!" Cori 
gasped.

"And look at all the hair it's got all around it!" Brett 
exclaimed.  

Now it was my turn to be embarrassed.  Both of them 
were just gawking at my tool, and all of it's surrounding 
hair.

"OK, Cori," I pointed out, "it's your turn."

I reached over and took the waistband of her panties, 
and slowly pulled them down as she raised her hips.  
More and more of her smooth abdomen became exposed, 
until finally, her hairless, eleven-year-old slit came into 
full view!  As I pulled her panties the rest of the way off 
and threw them aside, Brett began to rub up and down 
the outside of her pussy.

"Why is it so wet down there?" Brett asked inquisitively.

"When a girl become stimulated down there, she becomes 
wet," I explained.  "It helps the boy's dick go in easier 
when having sex."

Cori looked a little tense.  I lay back down beside her and 
began to reassure her that she should just enjoy herself.  
I noticed that she was looking at my dick when she 
thought I wasn't looking, so I decided it was time for the 
next step.

"Would you like to touch me down there, Cori?"  I asked 
innocently.

She nodded yes so I positioned myself until my hips were 
near her head and my head was near her hips.  I was 
now in a position to watch Brett working on her little 
hairless twat, as she began to caress my dick and balls.  I 
felt her little hands wrap around my throbbing member, 
as she moved it this way and that, exploring every inch.

"What's this stuff coming out of the end, Uncle Chris?" 
Cori asked, as she spread the precum around on the head 
of my dick.

"Well, that's something like sperm, but it's different," I 
began.  "It kinda helps the man to have sex, for the same 
reason you're wet too."

Her little fingers on my dick were feeling mighty good!  I 
just wanted to stick it right in her mouth and shoot my 
load down her throat.  But first things first.  I was 
probably never going to have another chance like this to 
explore an eleven-year-old's pussy, and I wasn't going to 
waste this one.

"Brett, take your finger and very carefully run it down 
the slit here," I said, pointing to her pussy. 

Brett  complied, sitting up and easing his fingers down 
between the lips until it came to rest right at the 
entrance to Cori's hole.  Cori spread her legs involuntarily, 
giving him even better access.

"Now gently, push your finger inside, and rub your 
thumb up along the top of the slit."

Cori's hands stopped their exploration of my dick and 
balls, and she gasped as Brett's finger entered her virgin 
hole and his thumb stroked across her little clit.

"Now, go back and forth, just like that," I said, grasping 
his arm at the wrist and moving his hand back and forth.

Brett's little finger wasn't big enough to break her 
hymen, but I could tell the walls of her cunt were tight 
around his finger, as they seemed to suck on it each time 
he brought his hand back.  Cori's breathing began to get 
heavier as she became even more excited, and 
occasionally would thrust her hips up to meet Brett's 
finger.

Seeing her hairless, wet pussy being fucked by Brett's 
finger made me want to get in on more of the act.  I knew 
Brett probably wouldn't want to do what I was going to 
ask next, but deep down I was hoping he would decline 
so that I would have the chance.

"Brett, there's something else that Cori would really like," 
I began.  "Remember when she put her mouth on your 
dick and sucked it?"

"Yeah," he said apprehensively.

"Well, you can do something like that by licking her with 
your tounge."

"NO WAY, MAN!" he almost shouted.  "I'm not putting MY 
MOUTH down there!"

I just looked at him for a moment, acting like I was 
disappointed in him.

"Brett, it's not fair that she did you, and now you won't do 
her!"

"Well, I don't care.  I don't wanna do THAT!" he said, 
pulling his knees up under his chin.

I looked at Cori like I was trying to decide what to do.

"Cori, if you want me to..., I don't mind doing it for you," I 
said, looking at her compassionately.

"If...., if you're sure it's OK with you...." she said.

I smiled at her, then with her hand still around my dick, 
rolled over and began to kiss around her smooth, hairless 
lips.  I snaked my tounge out, and rolled it up and down 
the crack, probing further with each stroke until I was 
licking against her clit.  I felt her grip tighten around my 
cock, as her hips thrust up to meet my mouth.  Her taste 
was delightful - fresh and young.  My tounge explored 
her slit further, probing as deep as her tight hole would 
let it, until came upon the barrier representing her 
virginity.  I began fucking her twat with my tounge, 
pulling out occasionally to lap her clit before plunging 
back in her tight hole.  Cori began to hump my mouth 
now, grunting as she edged closer to a climax.  But I 
didn't want her to come yet.  I still had other plans, and I 
wanted to keep her hot!

TO BE CONTINUED?????

*******************************

--
