Archive-name: Family/cori01.txt
Archive-author: The Joker
Archive-title: Cori 1


I've always considered myself to have "normal" tastes in 
women, but something happened this summer that has 
seemed to change all of that.  

Having broke up a long relationship three months ago, I 
jumped at the chance to attend my family's annual beach 
trip.  It was sort of a traditional family reunion thing, but 
had gotten smaller since our parents had passed away.  
This year, it was down to my two older sisters and their 
families, and me.

Jenny, my oldest sister, is divorced and has one girl, Cori.  
My other sister, Beth, is married with two boys, seven 
year old Brett, and five year old Levi.  Beth's husband, 
Bob, wasn't able to come due to a big project at work, 
leaving just the six of us.  

Cori had always been a cute little girl, but now at eleven, 
I noticed she was beginning to show the first signs of 
maturity.  Her nipples had just begun to poke out into her 
shirts, and her little ass was beginning to fill out.  I often 
found myself staring at her on the beach, wishing I was 
twenty years younger.  

On our second day there, I was awakened by Cori 
jumping up on the bed and tickling me on my ribs.  

"Come on sleepyhead!  Brett and I are making a sand 
castle and.......," I heard her say as I bolted upright.

Her words stopped as the sheet slid down piling up in my 
crotch.  It was obvious to her that I didn't have any 
clothes on, as she could plainly see the top of my ass and 
the sides of my hips.  I quickly pulled the sheet around 
me as she covered her mouth and giggled.  

"You sure know how to scare a guy to death, Cori.  Where 
is everybody?"

"They're all down on the beach.  Mom said for me to come 
up and get you since you used to be really good at 
making sand castles."

Her mom never could stand me sleeping late.  I just 
leaned back, looking at Cori for a moment before 
answering.  Even through my sleepy eyes she looked 
gorgeous.  Her long blonde hair flowing down to just 
above her bikini top, which seemed to be flat across her 
chest except for the two little bumps of her nipples.  She 
was sitting on the bed with one leg on the floor and the 
other tucked under her, giving me a clear view at the 
tightly stretched fabric covering her prepubescent slit.

"Well???" she asked, "are you coming?"

"I guess so," I said sleepily, "but first, come a little closer.  
I want to tell you a little secret."

She leaned forward, turning her ear towards me.  I 
quickly grabbed her, tickling her under her arms.  She let 
out a squeal, turning and falling right on me, her firm ass 
twisting around on my lap.  My right hand went over her 
shoulder and onto her chest to hold her down, and found 
itself resting on one of her nipples.  Even though it 
seemed she was flat, I definitely felt the beginnings of a 
soft but firm swell of a breast.  She flinched a little, but 
then resumed her squirming and giggling, making no 
effort to remove my hand.  My dick jumped at all of this 
stimulation, and I quickly rolled Cori off of me.

"Now, you go on back out and I'll be down as soon as I get 
dressed," I said as I adjusted the sheet up over my lap.

Cori rushed forward, grabbing me on both sides of my 
hips and tickling, before running out of the room giggling. 

Down on the beach, Cori and Brett already had a pretty 
big pile of sand, and were furtively working around it.  I, 
too, sat down and began working, but found my gaze 
focused on Cori more than on the sand castle.  She would 
alternate between stooping down with her legs spread, to 
kneeling with her little butt poked out.

I couldn't believe I was getting turned on by this little 
girl.  There were plenty of gorgeous grown women lying 
about on the beach, but I could hardly bring myself to 
notice them for staring at Cori.  Lucky for me that my 
older two sisters were engrossed in conversation about 
some moonlight cruise line that was based at the nearby 
fishing port.

Back inside later that evening, I noticed that my sisters 
were being awful nice to me.  I fugured they were 
probably trying to butter me up for something.

"Chris....," Beth began, "Jenny and I were talking about the 
moonlight cruise that runs out of Southport.  I've never 
been, but she tells me it's really great.  I'd like to go, 
but....,"

She stopped, and looked at Brett and Levi, then back at 
me with those sad puppy dog eyes of hers.

"Yeah, I know," I sighed, "you don't have a babysitter."

"Oh, would you?" she said excitedly.

"Well....,"

"If you don't mind keeping Brett and Levi, then you won't 
mind keeping Cori, too," she added.

I started to protest being left alone, but then the thought 
of Cori's nubile young body appeared in my mind.

"Uh, no.  I guess not," I replied, trying to sound 
unenthusiastic.

"The cruise starts at 9:30 and lasts about three hours.  
That means we won't be getting back until about two 
o'clock with the driving time and all.  Are you sure that'll 
be alright?" she asked almost beggingly.

"Yeah, you two go on and have fun.  We'll be alright 
here."

Jenny and Beth left around eight o'clock, not wanting to 
miss the boat.  The kids had already had their bath, so I 
popped a mild horror movie in the VCR and spread a 
blanket down for the kids to lay on.  I sat down on the 
sofa behind them, and began to gaze at Cori's firm behind 
sticking up under her thin gown.

"Cori, would you scratch my back?" Levi asked.

"Sure," she replied, rolling over slightly on her side as she 
began rubbing him.  

After awhile, Levi was fast asleep.  I got up and carried 
him to bed, and when I returned I saw Cori busy 
scratching Brett's back lightly.  Both were still pretty 
intent on watching the movie, but as I sat down I became 
intent on Cori's now exposed underwear.  I could see the 
line of her ass through her tight panties as she lay on her 
side.  The thin jogging shorts I was wearing were unable 
to hide the erection I was getting from this sight, so I 
picked up a magazine and put across my lap.  Soon, Cori 
began to scratch Brett's back under his shirt using long 
slow strokes up and down, occasionally going below his 
waistband and rubbing the top of his ass through his 
pants before going back up.

"OK, it's my turn," Cori said, rolling over onto her belly.

"Do you want me to scratch your back under your gown, 
too?" Brett asked.

Cori turned to look back at me.  I quickly pretended to be 
asleep, but leaving my eyes open just enough so that I 
could watch.

"Well...., OK," she said hestitantly, "but if he starts to wake 
up, you'll have to quit."

Cori then raised her hips up slightly, pulling her gown up 
to just under her breasts.  This allowed Brett to pull the 
back of her gown up over her shoulders, giving him full 
access to her back, and me a clear view of her beautiful 
ass.  He began to lightly scratch her back, looking back 
and forth from the TV to her back.  Eventually, he made 
his way down until his downward passes were going over 
the top of her panties a couple of inches below her 
waistband, before going up again.  Then it happened.  On 
about the fifth pass down, his fingers reached the 
waistband of her panties and paused, as they made their 
way under them.  Then his stroke continued down onto 
her ass, lingering there for awhile, making small circles 
on her cheeks before going back up her back.  She never 
even flinched. 

It was then that it occurred to me that they had probably 
explored like this before, as they had spent the night 
together occasionally.  Nobody would have suspected that 
two young kids would be curious about their sex organs 
at this age, now would they?

Brett began getting bolder, rubbing down along the sides 
of her hips under her panties on his downward strokes.  
In the blue glow of the television, I thought I could see 
Brett's little prick poking out in his pajamas.  

"Want me to rub your chest, Brett?" Cori whispered, 
turning slightly.

"OK," he whispered back, rolling over onto his back.

Cori propped herself up on her elbow, leaving her gown 
hiked up on her shoulders, and began unbuttoning Brett's 
pajama shirt.  She then began making large circles around 
his nipples with her fingertips, easing lower with each 
pass, until finally she was at the frontier of his pajama 
bottoms.  At first, she stopped at the waistband, 
returning back up to his chest, but then she let her 
fingertips slip gently just under the waistband on about 
the fourth pass.  Receiving no protest from Brett, on her 
next pass she went slightly lower, eventually reaching 
the point just above where his dick was.  I could tell Brett 
was excited.  Neither one was saying a word, nor were 
they looking at each other.  Then, I saw Cori's hand go 
down....., under the raised portion of Brett's hard dick, 
and touching the base first.  Brett gasped quietly, as she 
found the rest of his dick sticking up above her hand 
running her hand up and down its length.  She turned her 
attention away from the television now to what she was 
doing, feeling up his shaft to the tip, and back down to his 
balls.  She glanced over at me, checking to make sure I 
was still "asleep" before continuing her exploration of 
Brett's young dick.  Feeling certain that I was not going to 
wake up, she took her hand out and unsnapped the front 
of Brett's pajama bottoms.  Slowly she peeled back the 
flaps, exposing the tip of his hard little dick.  The first 
sound escaped from her lips as a gasp.  She lightly 
grasped it by the head, pulling it this way and that while 
examining it closely. 

My own cock was about to burst through my shorts, but I 
was afraid to move and spoil this sight.

I heard her giggle a little bit, as she pulled his pajama 
bottoms up to get a better look at his little dick and balls.

"Is it always stiff like that?" I heard her whisper to Brett.

"No.  Just when I play with it," he whispered back.

"What does it feel like?" she said still whispering.

"It..., it just feels real good!  You want me to do you?"

"I don't know," she said looking at me. "I guess you can 
rub my stomach, though."

With that, she rolled over onto her back, her gown still 
just under those preteen tits.  I could now see her tight 
underwear stretched across her lower tummy, as she lay 
with her legs together.  Brett rolled over onto his side, 
leaving his bottoms unbuttoned, and began by rubbing in 
circles lightly on Cori's belly.  His caresses became 
progressively longer and wider, eventually coming to the 
bottom of her gown lying across her chest.  He gently 
continued up, pushing the gown away as he went, and 
exposing her beautiful pink little areolas for the first 
time!

Her breasts looked like little miniature snow-capped 
peaks, with only the areolas barely rising off of her chest 
at all.  Brett rubbed his fingers across one of her nipples, 
causing it and the surrounding skin to move slightly. 
Then his caress moved around and down, past her navel, 
and just to the waistband of her panties.  He tested her 
reaction by continuing on past the waistband on the 
outside, down to just above where her slit would start 
before bringing his hand back up and circling her little 
nips again.  He repeated this action several times until 
finally, his fingertips went just under the waistband of 
her panties lingering there, making small cirlcles before 
tracing back up her belly to her chest.  He was obviously 
wanting to go further, but he just wasn't sure how far 
Cori would let him go yet.

Cori was still lying quietly, her arm draped across her 
eyes, making no attempt to protest his explorations.  
Brett was intenly looking at Cori, giving me a chance to 
look at both of them with my eyes wide open.  I slowly 
eased my right hand down under the magazine on my 
lap, adjusting my cock and smearing the precum around 
on the head a little.

Again, Brett traced his fingertips back down Cori's belly..., 
down to her panties, and slipping them under the 
waistband.  This time, Brett began exploring further, 
rubbing back and forth to each hipbone.  Then....., slowly, 
he eased down, until...., his fingers were now at the top of 
her slit.  He eased his hand down a little further, and it 
was then I saw a slight look of surprise on his face.  This 
look soom changed to one of wonder, as he probably was 
asking himself why she too, didn't have something 
similar to a cock down there.  He pushed further, as Cori 
opened her legs to allow him better access.  I could see 
his hand pushing the legband of her panties away from 
her as it slid down over her little pussy, giving me my 
first glimse of the outer reaches of her hairless vulva.  His 
hand explored her twat, rubbing this way and that.  

I could stand it no longer.  I began rubbing my cock as he 
rubbed her pussy.  Suddenly, he jerked his hand out, 
blurting out an "EEEWWW!!!" as he recoiled his hand.

This caused me to jump, knocking the magazine off of my 
lap.  I quickly scrambled to grab it, pulling my hand out 
of my shorts just as Cori bolted upright.

"It's WET down there!" Brett exclaimed, still not realizing 
what he had done.

"What are you kids doing?" I said sternly as I sat upright 
to hide my hard-on.

They both sat there with there mouths hanging open, 
stunned.  Cori had pulled her gown down but couldn't get 
it over her painties.  Brett was sitting with his legs under 
him, his sticky hand curled up in the air like a surgeon 
does after a scrub down.

"Well, I'm waiting for an answer," I commanded.  I had to 
make this look good.

"We....., uh...., we w-were just rubbing each other's back," 
Cori stammered.

"It didn't look like he was rubbing your back to me.  He 
had his hand down your panties!"

"Awww...., please don't do anything.  Don't tell....., please?" 
she pleaded.

"Well, what were you doing, Cori?" I asked.  If I played 
my cards right.....

"Well..., we were just feeling each other a little bit," she 
replied.

Brett had said nothing yet.  He just sat there with his 
hand still in the air in front of him, looking back and 
forth from Cori to me as we spoke.

"You two don't know anything about what each other's 
sex looks like, do you?"

They both just shook their heads no.  I sat there for a 
moment, acting like I was thinking about what I was 
going to do.

"Are you going to tell our moms?" Cori asked, weakly.

"Do you really want to know more about sex," I asked, 
avoiding her question for the moment.

"Yeah!!!" they both said in chorus.

Now I had them right where I wanted them.

"Well..., OK.  But you have to do just as I say.  And I won't 
tell your moms if you keep all of this just between us, 
OK?"

They both nodded in agreement.  

--
