It was a normal day at school, and, like every school day, I went to P.E. 
P.E. was always my favorite class of the day, not because I like sports, 
but because a cute boy named Cory was there. Cory was not just a classmate, 
he was my tennis partner. I'm not sure what exactly attracted me to him, 
whether it was his cute, boyish face, his nice-looking "skater" haircut, 
his deep brown eyes, his nice, hairless body, or the bulge in his gym shorts. 
Cory was 15 years old when I first met him. He had just moved from Laguna 
Beach, California, where he had been living with his grandmother, until she 
passed away recently before. We became very close friends over the semester, 
and I began to spend most of my free time with him, mostly at his house. We 
would watch movies, tease his sisters, and smoke some marijuana. We always 
managed to have an excellent time together regardless of what we were doing 
at the time. We would even joke around, "flirting" with one another, although 
I would always make it appear as a joke. He never knew or suspected how much 
I wanted him, until this one day. It was a Friday evening, and I had stopped 
by his house to hang out. Not realizing the time, I ended up staying quite 
late, and I still had a 45-minute bicycle ride ahead of me. So, being a 
weekend night, Cory suggested that I spend the night there. Obviously, I 
agreed! After telephoning home to say I would be spending the night at Cory's 
place, we sat down in his bedroom to watch a movie he had rented from the 
local video store. A heat wave had hit the area, and, while watching the 
movie, his room started to get a bit stuffy. So I decided to remove my T-
shirt. In about 10 minutes, Cory also removed his T-shirt. We were laying 
there on his bedroom floor, just inches away from each other, and I could 
accually feel the heat radiating from his nice body. I glanced down and 
looked at his tight little ass in those gym shorts, and began to get quite 
horney. Soon, I was starting to pay more attention to Cory than I was the 
movie. I didn't think he noticed, but he was getting a little "excited" 
himself for some reason, because I noticed his little pink cockhead had 
started to "creep" out of the leg opening in his shorts. I worked up the 
nerve, and jokingly said, "Gee Cory, do I get you that turned on?" He looked 
over at me, noticed I was referring to his hard-on, looked down at his cock-
head peeking out of his shorts, looked back up at me with a smile, and 
jokingly replied, "Yeah! Why don't you just suck me off?" When he said that, 
even though I knew he was joking, my blood began to boil! Even though I knew 
this was risky, I did something I probably would've never done otherwise. I 
grabbed his gym shorts, pulled them down, and went for that awesome cock of 
his, which was a fully erect 6 inches or so. I began sucking, licking, and 
slurping it! Cory was in complete ecstasy! He began to moan quite heavily, 
and even started to rub my back and shoulders. Cory then moved to a semi-
upright position, laying on his back, while I laid on my stomach, taking his 
fully erect cock deep into my mouth, sucking him hard,and licking his hairless 
balls like they were Oreo cookie centers. "Ahhhhhhhhh! Ooooooh! Ohhhhhhh! 
Mmmmmmmmmmmm!", Cory began moaning. He started to go into mild convulsions 
from the pleasure I was giving him. All of a sudden, he told me to stop and, 
instead, instructed me to lay on my back. He started to do to me exactly what 
I was doing to him, grabbing my gym shorts and pulling them down to my knees. 
He then went for my full erection, sucking and licking it like it was a 
lollipop, and taking it deep into his mouth, practically choking in the 
process! He sucked away at it for about 5 minutes. Then, suddenly, he stopped, 
and told me to "get on all fours". I couldn't believe what was about to 
happen! Cory got behind me, and began to rub my buttocks. He then spread them 
open and just stuffed his face into my ass and began licking my asshole! He 
worked his tongue up and down my asscrack, and even began to tongue-fuck my 
asshole, sticking it in as deep as it would go! Oh god I was going insane 
with pleasure! Suddenly, his tongue-actions stopped. Then I felt something 
else. "Ooooooooooooooo! Owwwwwwwwwww! Ssssssssssssssssss!", I began moaning, 
for the pain was intense! Cory had just shoved his fully erected cock right 
up my asshole in one big thrust. The pain was incredible! But as he began to 
pump my ass with his cock, pleasure soon replaced the pain. I couldn't 
believe how well Cory knew how to fuck! His hands carressed my body as he 
pumped his cock in and out of my asshole. I could feel his balls slap against 
my buttocks as he pumped. He kept pushing his cock deeper into my asshole, 
then suddenly, he groaned. "Arrghhh!", he cried, and suddenly, Cory shot his 
entire cum load up inside my ass. I could feel his cum swirl around inside me 
like it was an ocean tide! As he pulled his cock out, gushes of his boy-cream 
flowed out of my ass.  

**** A GenEric Fantasy Production @ 1992 ************** 
