                           COSTUMED CAPERS
                             Part 1 of 5
     
     
          The full length mirror reflected the image of a young
     girl dressed in a frilly pink party dress with white lace
     trimming the bodice.  Smooth bare shoulders were caressed by
     the long strawberry blond hair and firm breasts pressed into
     the fragile fabric.  A white satin ribbon circled the waist
     below the darts of the dress just above the flare of the
     somewhat short skirt held outward by six layers of crinoline
     petticoats.  The legs were smooth, pale, long and slender and
     the feet were small and adorned by little white lace ankle
     socks and black patent leather shoes with one inch heals.  The
     face was beautiful with bright blue eyes and a slender nose
     and perfect teeth.  The hair cascaded over the thin shoulders
     from just behind the white ribbon which held it back from the
     face where the pouting lips were coated with a pink lipstick
     matching the dress.   Jimmy could stand it no longer and
     gently reached under the skirt and slowly inserted his
     trembling fingers under the waistband of the smooth nylon
     panties.  As his fingers traveled downward they passed over
     hairless skin as smooth as a baby's and finally traced over
     his rapidly growing cock!  He stroked his small member and
     smooth balls as he looked at the lovely vision in the mirror
     and dreamed of someone else's fingers manipulating the center
     of his sex.  "Aghaa..., Aghaa!" He cried as each touch of the
     small hand sent shockwaves throughout his body, his hips moved
     in synchronization with his hand and at last his body con-
     vulsed.  "Oh, oh, god!" he groaned as his juice soiled the
     inside of the wonderful panties and covered his hand.  
          The sixteen year old collapsed on the floor in front of
     the mirror with exhaustion from this powerful climax and was
     sprawled out with his hand still in his panties when he fell
     asleep.  The sound of keys in a lock and voices echoed in the
     large room under the stage as Jimmy awoke in a daze.  The
     click of heels on the hard cement floor approaching drove his
     mind to a state of full alert and a realization of where he
     was and how he was dressed.  "Oh shit!" he breathed to himself
     as he scrambled from the floor and looked for a place to hide;
     there was a cubby-hole behind the massive wardrobes and he
     quickly forced his body into it and out of sight, just as the
     door opened.
          "Somebody left the light on again," said one of the
     voices as what sounded like three or four of the costume
     committee entered the room.  "Yeah, I'm sure glad it was us
     who found it and not Miss Hall," answered another, "She gets
     mad when we don't put things away or leave the lights on." 
     The girls moved about the room, putting things away and re-
     arranging some of the costumes for about 45 minutes, while
     Jimmy listened from his hideout and tried not to breath, less
     he make a sound.  "Hey, Suzie put some boy's costumes in here
     again, damn it, when will she ever learn that they go in the
     other room!"  "Well she's only a dumb freshman; just gather
     them up and take them over to the other room and I'll clean
     them tomorrow," came a reply.  "Well, that's all we have to do
     in here," said a voice, "Let's lockup and get to class before
     we're late again."  Following, mumbled assents from the
     others, the footsteps headed towards the other end of the room
     and the only door in or out of the storage space.  The lights
     were turned off and Jimmy heard the door close with a bang as
     the lock mechanism set.
          "God! that was close," he said to himself as he once
     again allowed himself to take a breath.  The room was as dark
     as a cave with the only light being provided by a small exit
     sign above the door at the far end.  Slowly Jimmy worked his
     way out of his hiding place, carefully listening for any sound
     that the girls might be coming back and slowly felt his way
     towards the door.  The petticoats rustled as he moved and his
     heels clicked on the cement floor as he inched his was through
     the many racks of clothing between him and the door.  When he
     finally reached it, it took several attempts before he found
     the light switch and when the lights came on they almost
     blinded him.  "I've got to get out of here!" he said to
     himself, "That was too fucking close!"  Immediately, he walked
     back to the other end of the room where he had left his
     clothes, unzipping the dress as he walked.  As his eyes
     scanned the area, he suddenly stopped dead in his tracks.  "Oh
     shit!" he exclaimed as he realized his clothes were missing. 
     "They took MY CLOTHES," he said, remembering the discussion of
     the "boy's costume" the girls had removed.  Jimmy was is
     shock, his pants had contained his keys both for school and
     home, as well as his car, and his billfold containing his
     school ID and driver's license.  "What if they find my
     billfold?" he thought and before he could answer his own
     question, "They locked them up in the other room, How am I
     going to get home?  What am I going to WEAR?  How will I get
     in the house?  They've got my keys!"  The rapid fire realiza-
     tion of his situation was more than he could take and as his
     body shook with fear, tears began running down his trembling
     cheeks as his body shuttered.
          Jimmy sat for quite a while before he decided that his
     only option was to wear SOMETHING from the costume room and
     make his way home (almost 5 miles) on foot.  He would then
     have to figure out a way to get into the house, change
     clothes, get his extra car keys, return and get his car;
     hopefully before his parents got home.  Looking around the
     room, 90% of the clothing was clearly unsuitable, either due
     to size or type.  Much of the costume clothing fell into the
     categories of "period" or was to depict medieval, oriental,
     1950's or other "non-street" clothing.  As he quickly went
     through rack after rack of clothing, not one pair of pants of
     any type could be found, only dresses, skirts, blouses, gowns
     and "special" costumes.  It quickly became apparent that he
     would have to leave the school dressed as a girl!  Shortly
     thereafter, he found a school uniform which appeared to be
     from the private school about 2 miles down the road from his
     public high school.  It consisted of a white long sleeve
     cotton blouse with lace collar and cuffs and a green and black
     plaid jumper style skirt.  Jimmy had seen many girls from the
     private school wearing this outfit and knew what accessories
     he needed.  Digging through storage drawers he soon found a
     pair of white pantyhose, a black purse and a pair of black
     patent leather "mary-jane" style flats.  Stripping, he tried
     on the blouse and immediately took it back off when he
     discovered his nipples were visible through the thin cotton
     fabric, then searched some more drawers until he found a bra
     with small cups and a white camisole with matching half-slip. 
     
          Jimmy had trouble hooking the bra behind him so he hooked
     it in front then turned it around and put his arms through the
     shoulder straps as he pulled it up his body.  To his surprise,
     the padded bra actually made it look as though he had breasts! 
     Next came the camisole and slip followed by the pantyhose. 
     Jimmy struggled for at least 20 minutes trying to get the
     pantyhose on and pulled so that the crotch was were it was
     supposed to be.  Again he tried the white blouse and this time
     only the lines of normal girl's underclothing was visible
     through the fabric.  Next came the jumper and last the shoes
     which felt very light compared to the weight of his normal
     boy's shoes. 
          This time when he looked in the mirror, Jimmy saw a
     beautiful young school girl and other than a few touch-ups of
     makeup, knew that he could pass in public as a girl if he was
     careful and avoided people he knew.  With the long wig and
     girl's clothes, he looked more like his older sister than
     himself and thought he just might be able to get out of this
     alright.  Retying the ribbon in his hair to form a ponytail,
     Jimmy then searched the cosmetic drawers until he found a
     light red lipstick to replace the pink and some rouge which he
     lightly applied to his cheeks to give them a soft rosy glow. 
     He also found a couple of nail files which he dropped in the
     purse along with a handkerchief and the cosmetics he had used,
     thinking they might be useful in breaking into his parents
     house.  Moving to the door, he pressed his ear against it
     listening for any indication of someone in the hallway
     outside, hearing none, he took a deep breath, opened the door,
     turned off the light, and after closing the door dashed up the
     stairs and out the fire escape door behind the stage.  He was
     now outside, with no way to go back or change his mind.  He
     had to make it home!
          Fortunately for him the emergency exit door let him out
     on a side of the building with no windows, and he immediately
     crossed the open grass to the area of the maintenance build-
     ing.  Looking over the window ledge into the office of the
     maintenance building he could see that it was 1:30 p.m. so he
     had plenty of time to make it home and back before his parents
     got home at 6:00.  Staying below the windows, he moved along
     the building and then darted behind the parked school buses,
     crossing through some evergreens along the edge of the parking
     lot and onto the right-of-way for the railroad tracks which
     passed behind the school and headed towards the housing
     development where he lived.  Jimmy moved quickly along the
     tracks staying on the far side of the railroad grade so that
     he would not be visible from the school.  Soon he was at a
     point where he could no longer see the school building and
     slowed his pace as he continued to walk towards home, still 4
     miles ahead.
          The tracks curved away from the road on which his school
     was located and before long he entered a section where it was
     wooded on both sides of the tracks.  Jimmy almost skipped as
     he passed through this area, elated at his good luck in
     escaping the school undetected.  He was so happy, he didn't
     notice his surroundings until suddenly a boy appeared on the
     tracks ahead of him only 20 feet away.  Jimmy stopped and
     noticed the boy was standing astride the center of the tracks
     with hands on hips, feet wide and a big grin on his face. 
     From his dress, Jimmy knew he was a student at the private
     school and suddenly he began to feel very uneasy about the
     smirking grin and penetrating look the boy was giving him.  He
     turned to run, but immediately stopped again, because as he
     wheeled around he was confronted by three more boys behind
     him!  All four boys were bigger than he was and he was
     surrounded.
          "Well, well, what DO we have here," said one of the boys. 
     "Must be a new girl," observed another, "I've never seen her
     before...kind of cute though!"  "Cute my ass, SHE's GORGEOUS!"
     said a third who was the biggest of the lot, standing about 6-
     5 and huge, well over 225 pounds.  "Hi... Hi guys," Jimmy
     studdered, "I, I see you skipped out of school too." Jimmy
     offered with a grin, hoping humor might get him out of this
     situation.  "What's your name?" came the question from behind
     him, from the original boy who looked to be about 5-10 and
     slim built.  "Ji.., Jenny," Jimmy replied as sweat suddenly
     formed on his forehead and his mouth became very dry.  "Jenny,
     uh, pretty name for a pretty girl, I'd say, by the way, my
     name's Bob," said the giant.  "That's Joe, and he's Eddie, and
     the guy behind you is Tom," Bob said as he smiled down at
     Jimmy.  "We couldn't take any more, so we decided to take the
     afternoon off," Bob offered, "How about you?"  "I... I felt
     sick," Jimmy said as his mind raced trying to think of
     something the boys would buy as a plausible excuse, "so... so
     they let me go home to ... to rest," he finished.  The boys
     were now tightly surrounding him and there was no possible
     escape without their consent Jimmy realized, so he hoped he
     could still talk his way out without them finding out he was
     a boy.  Because IF they found out, he knew he was DEAD MEAT! 
     Suddenly Tom's hand was on Jimmy's shoulder from behind and
     Jimmy froze in panic.  The boys made small talk giving each
     other sideways glances and smirks which Jimmy recognized as
     pure SEX signals concerning their trapped quarry.  Meanwhile,
     Tom's hand was stroking Jimmy's shoulder and upper arm while
     Jimmy noted that Joe and Eddie had moved to either side of him
     and Joe was pressing his crotch against the back of Jimmy's
     left hand.  Joe was now towering in front of the frail 5-5 boy
     and looking down with a grin said, "Well now Jenny, we think
     we like you, but we would sure like you a lot more if you
     might help us out a little."
          "What... What do you mean?" Jimmy stammered, knowing
     exactly what they had in mind, but hoping he was wrong.  "You
     know, little cutie," Bob said as he traced Jimmy's jaw line
     with his fingertip, "we got to get a little sex every now and
     then or us boys go crazy."  "But... But, I'm sick," cried
     Jimmy hoping they still might let him go, "I... I'm having my
     period and I've, I've got real bad cramps," he offered,
     praying they would buy it.  To his shock, Jimmy felt Tom's
     hand on his ass, massaging the cheeks like he was kneading
     dough or something and made mental note to make sure they
     stayed on the back side!  Without warning, Joe bent forward
     and kissed Jimmy on the lips forcing his tongue deep into
     Jimmy's mouth as he held him by the shoulders.  "What I have
     in mind," said Joe after breaking off the kiss, "won't be
     affected by you period baby."  "But, I've got the flu or
     something too," cried Jimmy hoping to avoid any more kisses or
     god forbid other oral activities.  "I don't want to make you
     guys sick."  "Well how about a hand-job?" Eddie suggested and
     before Jimmy could reply, Jimmy heard the sound of four
     zippers opening in unison.  Tom was now pressing tightly
     against Jimmy's back and he could feel the press of a hard
     cock right in the crack of his ass, while the boy moved it up
     and down against the fabric of his jumper.  "Ok, Ok but give
     me some room, and, and no touching me while I do it, UNDER-
     STOOD!" taking an assertive approach in hopes that would
     prevent discovery since they were going to get relief.  "OK,
     You got it baby, Oh yeah" were the replies and immediately Joe
     and Tom backed up to give her room.
          Eddie and Bob were now on his left and right and Jimmy
     took a deep breath before looking down towards the hard-ons he
     knew were at his sides since he could feel them against the
     backs of his hands.  While looking at Bob, he moved his right
     hand to encircle Eddie's cock and found it to be relatively
     small but very hard and twitching with anticipation.  He
     slowly pulled Eddie's manhood gripping tightly then reached
     underneath and rolled the boy's balls between his fingers,
     which drew a loud moan from the boy.  Meanwhile he looked down
     at Bob's member and was amazed at the size of it; IT WAS HUGE! 
     Like it's owner, it was above average in size, a good 10 or 11
     inches long and 2 1/2 - 3 inches in diameter.  Jimmy had never
     seen a cock this big and was now eager to explore it and the
     giant balls hanging below it.  While he stroked Eddie, he
     gently poked and prodded Bob's groin, marveling at the smooth,
     silky skin and firmness of the huge dick in his hand.  Bob
     just smiled and murmured encouragement.  Soon Jimmy was
     working both cocks, stroking back and forth with all his
     strength.  After about 15 strokes, Eddie came hard, spraying
     cum all or Jimmy's skirt.  He was quickly replaced by Tom who
     forced his eager cock into Jimmy's hand and started thrusting
     his hips back and forth through the warm hand.  Bob also
     thrust at Jimmy's hand, but his strokes were long and slow,
     savoring every stroke.  Bob finally came and Jimmy could not
     believe the amount of cum sprayed from the giant cock. 
     Immediately, Joe's average sized cock filled his left hand and
     like Tom he quickly pumped back and forth, too far gone to
     wait very long for a climax.  Ten strokes later both boys came
     and Jimmy's skirt was now covered with white sticky cum.  The
     boys were all smiles, and to his surprise, none objected when
     he said he really had to get home and lay down, due to the
     cramps he was suffering.  All four gave him light kisses on
     the cheek and either pats on the ass or shoulder as they let
     the beautiful new girl go on her way.
          
     
                           
                           COSTUMED CAPERS
                             Part 2 of 5
     
     
          When he was a good mile further down the tracks, Jimmy
     stopped and sat in the grass.  "God! that was close," he said
     to himself and suddenly his body started shaking with the
     built up tension and realization of what could have happened
     back there.  After a while he finally got his body back under
     control and after taking several slow, deep breaths, got back
     up and continued towards home.  The balance of this trip was
     uneventful until he reached near the house and passed several
     neighborhood women out for a walk who knew him.  Neither,
     however recognized him in his school girl persona, but both
     turned and visually followed him down the block, so he had to
     circle around the corner before returning to his house through
     the alley.
          Approaching his parent's house from the back, he careful-
     ly checked each window, looking for one left unlocked.  He
     didn't even try the doors, knowing them to be steel security
     doors with double cylinder dead-bolt locks.  After checking
     his own room, the kitchen, dining room, and bathroom he was
     getting worried, all were closed and locked.  The only room
     left on the "protected" side of the house was his older
     sister's bedroom.  "Thank God!" he thought, as he saw the
     window lock was turned in the unlocked position, but the
     window was about 7 feet from the ground.  Getting one of the
     trash cans from the side of the house and turning it upside
     down, Jimmy reached the window and removed the screen, the
     after opening the window climbed into Kathleen's room.  His
     skirt caught on the window ledge as he passed through the
     opening and he heard a tearing sound as the buttons on the
     left side of the jumper tore loose.  Jimmy leaned back against
     the wall once inside and sat for a couple of minutes as he
     finally let the tension of the ordeal of going home dressed as
     a girl pass from his mind and body.     When he felt up to it
     he got up and immediately stripped off the girl's clothing
     right there in his sister's room, balled it up and walking
     nude through the house went to his own room where he again
     dressed in his own clothing.  Looking at the ball of clothing
     on his bed, he decided he would need to hide it until he could
     get it back to it's place in the costume room and then put it
     in the bottom of his cedar chest.  Retrieving his spare keys,
     Jimmy locked his sister's window, replaced the screen and
     returned to school on foot.  As he walked back, Jimmy avoided
     the woods along the railroad tracks, not wanting to take the
     chance of running into the boys again and them recognizing him
     as the "girl" who jacked them off earlier.  He got back to the
     school just as classes were ending for the day and the parking
     lot was full of students leaving for home.  
          Since his school keys were on the same ring as his car
     keys he knew he would have to get someone else's in order to
     get into the boy's costume room and retrieve his clothing,
     including this billfold and keys.  The stage area was empty so
     he went to Miss Hall's office the theater instructor.  (knock,
     knock) "Uh...Miss Hall, could I bother you a minute?" said the
     boy to the pretty young teacher.  Miss hall was just out of
     college, only 24 years old and a tall woman with long brown
     hair and a body which Jimmy frequently included in his sex
     dreams.  "Oh, Hi Jimmy, here kind of late aren't you?" 
     "Well... yes, you see I was, was fixing some sound wiring,
     down, down on the stage and had to go through the boy's
     costume room, and, and, accidently let the door close behind
     me, and, and, locked my keys in the storage room.  Could,
     could I borrow your key, so, so I can get mine out?" the boy
     said almost trembling with fear that she might either refuse
     him or insist on accompanying him to the room.  "Locked
     yourself out, did you... well I guess we all make a mistake
     every once and a while." said the pretty woman as she gave him
     a grin, "Sure Jimmy, here you go, but please make it fast, I
     have to leave as soon as possible."  "I'll run down and back,
     shouldn't take anytime at all," he eagerly replied as he took
     the key from her hand and bolted for the door.
          True to his word, Jimmy ran to the costume room and after
     inside quickly searched for his clothes.  The clothes were in
     the laundry bin, "Good!" he thought, he wasn't worried about
     the clothes, just the wallet and keys.  But when he checked
     the pockets of the pants, EVERY POCKET WAS EMPTY!  "OH NO!" he
     cried, leaving the door unlocked he returned Miss Hall's key
     to her then again went to the costume room and searched every
     drawer, bin and cabinet in the room searching for his belong-
     ings.  Finally, he came to the realization that one or more of
     the girls must have checked the pants and found his wallet,
     money and keys, But Who?  Even more important, how was he
     going to explain all his clothes and belongings being in the
     other storage room.  Maybe he could say he was wearing a work-
     type jumpsuit, because he didn't want to get his own clothes
     dirty and had accidently locked himself out of the room? 
     Maybe, ...  With nothing more he could do, Jimmy locked the
     room and went home.
          The next day, Jimmy returned to the boy's costume room to
     make a second search, having left the door closed but un-
     locked.  He searched every nook and cranny in the room but to
     no avail.  As he was getting ready to leave, he heard voices
     coming down the hallway, it sounded like the girls from the
     previous day.  As he was frozen by the door trying to make up
     his mind as to what to do, suddenly it opened and he was face
     to face with Jane, the chairperson of the costume committee.
          "Well, well, if it isn't Jimmy," she said "Looking for
     something are we?"
          "No, no just finishing up fixing the sound wiring that I
     started yesterday," Jimmy quickly replied.
          "So you are the one who left the lights on."
          "I didn't know I had, but maybe I did."
          "Did you loose something else?"
          "Not that I know of."
          Jane had advance toward Jimmy throughout this conversa-
     tion and he had unconsciously backed further into the room. 
     Three girls now stood between him and the door.  Jane was a
     senior and VERY big in comparison to Jimmy, standing almost 5-
     10 and EVERYTHING about her was proportional to that towering
     height.  The other two girls were Samantha (Sam) and Susan the
     freshman, who the girls had blamed for leaving the boy's
     clothing in the girls costume room.  Sam and Suzie were about
     the same size as Jimmy one being 5-5 and the other 5-6 and
     about equaled his 120 pound weight.
          "I don't think that's why your here at all." Jane
     observed as she stood toe-to-toe with him and looked down at
     him.  "I think your looking for THIS!" and she held his
     billfold directly in front of his eyes.
          "Or maybe THESE!" said Sam and dangled his keys about a
     foot away.
          Jimmy had continued backing as the girls closed in on him
     and was now standing with his back to one of the wardrobe
     cabinets surrounded by the three girls.  Jane threw the wallet
     to Susan and extended her arms placing the hands on the
     cabinet so that Jimmy was now trapped between them.
          "Your a liar Jimmy," she calmly said, "We know you were
     down here yesterday and that you left ALL of your clothing in
     the girls costume room, because we found it there and the
     proof is your keys and billfold."  
          "We even blamed Susan for putting the clothing in the
     wrong room!" said Sam, "Until we found evidence of the owner."
          "Now maybe you'd like to try explaining WHY we found your
     clothing in the other room Jimmy?" said the amazon towering
     over him.
          "I, I took them off and put on a jumpsuit, so, so I
     wouldn't get them dirty while I worked," he stammered.
          Jane glared down at him, "You know, I just MIGHT buy that
     Jimmy, except for one little thing.  YOUR UNDERWEAR!  I just
     don't see why you would take THEM off if you were wearing a
     jumpsuit."
          Jimmy was now trembling and knew they had him.  There was
     no way he could explain taking off his underwear and leaving
     it in the other room and they knew it.  "I... I..."
          "I think you were doing something ELSE down here Jimmy,
     and I think you better tell us right now or we'll just have to
     take our evidence to Miss Hall and let you explain it to her!"
     Jane said in a stern voice.
          Jimmy stuttered and stammered but couldn't get his mind
     to come out with the real reason, he turned beet red and was
     now noticeably shaking in front of the girls.
          "You know what I think Jimmy, I think you were down here
     either jacking-off or wearing girls costumes or both!"
          "No! No, I... I..." he tried to reply.
          "Well girls I guess we'll just have to tell Miss Hall
     about this little pervert," said Jane.
          "Uh, Uh... PLEASE DON'T," Jimmy stammered, "I'll do
     whatever you want!" he offered.
          "But JIMMY! Why should we believe you, you've already
     lied to us twice and STILL haven't told us the TRUTH!"
          "I... I..." Jimmy tried to reply.
          "Jane, Jimmy seems to be having trouble verbalizing what
     he did, maybe we should have him SHOW us." Samantha suggested.
          This brought smiles to the faces of all three girls,
     without a further word, Jane grabbed Jimmy's arms and pulled
     him towards the door, where Suzie was waiting with the door
     open and then forced him into the other costume room.  One
     inside, the door was closed and locked using the double keyed
     core and Jimmy was now trapped with NO escape possible without
     a key.
          "I... I CAN"T!" cried Jimmy, who now had tears flowing
     down both cheeks and was shaking with fear.  Susan was
     standing with her back leaning on the door and a wide smile on
     her face; Jane and Sam flanked him to either side and also
     were grinning.
          "Oh but you CAN!" said Jane, "And you WILL! Or we will
     just take this little party right up to Miss Hall's Office." 
     "NOW STRIP YOU LITTLE PERVERT! OR WE'LL DO IT FOR YOU."
          Jimmy knew his only choice was to plead to Miss Hall and
     hope he wasn't expelled, then live with the shame OR do what
     the girls wanted.  "Will you promise not to tell anyone?"
     Jimmy asked in a whisper.
          "We're not promising ANYTHING," replied Jane, "but if you
     give us a good little show, we just MIGHT not tell."
          Jimmy figured this was about the best he was going to
     get, so he quickly stripped off his shirt and kicked off his
     shoes, then scanned the smiling faces of the girls who had now
     seated themselves for a show.  Again turning red, he unbuckled
     his belt and dropped his pants leaving him in only his
     underwear and socks.  Taking a deep breath, he removed his
     socks and then turned his back to the girls and removed the
     underwear.  He now stood completely naked in front of three
     girls his own age whom he had wanted to screw.
          "Very GOOD," said Jane, "Now do EXACTLY what you did
     yesterday, and If you don't, we'll be able to tell by your
     body language.  And if we see you are not doing it, we'll just
     have to spank you then take you to Miss Hall!"
          Jimmy dug out all the clothing he had worn the previous
     day and proceeded to dress himself as before.  The girls
     watched in silence as he put on a pair of white nylon panties
     and a camisole, then the little ankle socks, patent leather
     shoes, crinoline petticoats, and the frilly pink party dress. 
     He then sat at a makeup table and applied foundation to his
     face, followed by mascara, a light rouge to his cheeks and the
     pink lipstick to his lips.  Silently, Jimmy then dug out
     another wig, since the one he had been wearing yesterday was
     at his house, and arranged the long blonde hair about his
     shoulders.    The girls watched in amazement at the transfor-
     mation taking place before them.  The sixteen year old boy
     quickly became a VERY pretty 12-13 year old girl dressed for
     a party.  When Jimmy was done, he rose and without looking at
     the girls (which would surely cause him to lose his nerve)
     proceeded to the full length mirror and again looked at the
     lovely creature staring back from the glass.  Jimmy blocked
     everything except this vision from his mind and was soon again
     reaching under the skirt and again stroking his cock, totally
     oblivious to the fact that three girls were watching him. 
     This time when he came however, it was to the cheers and
     applause of the girls who hooted and giggled and laughed in
     their joy.  Jimmy collapsed to a sitting position on the floor
     in exhaustion and relief from the sexual tension.  He had DONE
     it, now maybe they would let him go.  
          When he opened his eyes, Jimmy saw the girls now sur-
     rounded him and were closely looking at his makeup and attire. 
     All were smiling and soon, six hands were roaming over him
     checking the texture of the clothing and how well it fit him. 
     One hand however, was moving upward from his right knee along
     the inside of his thigh, stroking the smooth flesh, Jimmy
     wanted to object, but the hand felt so good, he couldn't bring
     himself to speak.  He hand moved under the skirt and worked
     it's way along his thigh until it found it's way into his
     panties and gently worked on his cock.  The hand moved down
     and the fingers rolled his balls between them then returned to
     his cock and continued stroking until he was again hard. 
     Jimmy had closed his eyes when he felt the hand, knowing he
     could not stop them anyway, but not knowing WHO's hand it was. 
     The hand continued and he could hear the crinoline petticoats
     being moved out of the way and felt the cool air brush across
     his now fully exposed crotch.  He laid back and let the hands
     do as they would to his body.  In his excited state, it didn't
     take long before Jimmy again climaxed, his cum spurting up and
     soaking the hand working his cock.
          "Open your mouth," said Jane in a raspy whisper, and when
     he did, fingers soaked with his cum were inserted.  "Lick them
     clean." was all she said, and Jimmy complied, marveling at the
     taste of his own juice.  Without a word being said, the girls
     got up and left the room, leaving Jimmy still dressed as a
     girl on the floor, with his panties down around his knees and
     his cock now very limp.  Jimmy was too exhausted from two
     climaxes to do much, so he just laid there on the floor for a
     while and recovered.  "What will happen now?" he asked
     himself, but could think of no answers.  Jimmy got up after
     awhile and dressed in his own clothing, but to his distress,
     his wallet had not been returned to him, Jimmy left and went
     home in a daze.
          The following day, Jimmy found a note in his mailbox at
     school, "Report to the costume room at 3:00 today!" signed
     Jane.  The girls apparently were not done with him yet.
          At 2:45 Jimmy was walking down the hall towards the
     costume rooms and could hear voices coming from that direc-
     tion.  When he opened the door, he stopped and froze.  Inside
     the room were twelve girls, all of the costume committee and
     all of the makeup committee, along with a couple of others he
     didn't recognize.  
          "Come in Jimmy," said Jane and gave him a big smile.
          Jimmy was still frozen in place and when he realized that
     he was probably going to be forced to do another show, only
     this time in front of a dozen girls his own age, he started
     trembling with fear and tears welled up in his eyes.  Suzie
     and Sam grabbed hold of his arms and quickly pulled him into
     the room, placing him in the center, in front of Jane.
          "Jimmy, you gave us such a GOOD show yesterday, we
     invited the rest of the girls on the stage crew down to see
     you perform.  What we want you to do is EXACTLY the same thing
     you did yesterday and the day before, nothing more and nothing
     less."
          "Jane, PLEASE, please don't make me do this, I... I can't
     do that in front of all these girls." Jimmy pleaded.
          "Oh but you CAN and you WILL, NOW STRIP you little sissy
     wimp!  DO IT OR WE'LL DO IT FOR YOU!"


     
                           COSTUMED CAPERS
                             Part 3 of 5
     
     
          When Jimmy hesitated, Jane got mad and grabbed his shirt,
     tearing in open and down away from his body. Then while two of
     the girls held him, she removed his belt and taking a large
     pair of scissors cut his pants off leaving him with only he
     shoes, socks, and underpants.  Jimmy was now crying and was
     shoved to the floor, the cold concrete giving him goosebumps. 
     He struggled against the girls but was far outmatched.  Even
     in his terror state, all of the physical contact was getting
     him excited, and his penis was rapidly growing.  When they had
     him down, someone removed his shoes and socks and then Jane
     took her shears and cut his underwear from the waist downward
     along his hip bones, then jerked the garment from his body
     like she was removing a baby's diaper, leaving him down
     totally nude in front of 12 smiling girls with his little
     hard-on pointed towards the sky.  "Ohs and Ahs," accompanied
     the sight of his 5 inch cock, which excited the girls and who
     were already at a fevered pitch.
          "Oh isn't it cute," said one.  "But it's a little small,"
     said another.  Giggles and laughter filled the room as the
     girls teased Jimmy about his little cock and having been
     stripped by girls his own age.  At this point Jane grabbed
     hold of Jimmy's cock and told the girls to let him up, and
     after he was again standing pulled him by his member to a
     steamer trunk nearby.
          "Jimmy, you have been a VERY bad boy and will have to be
     punished," she said as the trembling boy stood before her with
     his cock still firmly clenched in her hand.  "Lay across my
     lap, you will have to be spanked!"  Three girls quickly
     positioned Jimmy face down across Jane's lap, her skirt had
     ridden upwards and his cock now hung between her legs.  Jane
     reached underneath and guided his cock, then clamped down with
     her thighs pinning him in place, while her left arm encircled
     his waist.  All the while, the girls were continuing to tease
     Jimmy about his situation and laughing at his predicament.
          "You should have done what you were told!" said Jane as
     her right hand descended on his butt and a loud smack echoed
     through the room.  The flesh of his right cheek erupted in
     pain, but before he even yell, (crack) another landed on the
     left cheek.
          "Ah, ah, please Jane, I... I'm sorry, I... I'll do what
     you want," Jimmy cried with tears flowing down his face which
     was bright red from the humiliation.
          (Crack!  Crack!   Crack!   Crack!)
          "Damn right you will, you little sissy wimp pussy, you
     will do EVERYTHING I tell you, WHEN I tell you to do it, or
     this will just be a minor introduction to PAIN!" 
          Jane continued to wail away on Jimmy's behind while the
     girls continued to tease him about being stripped and spanked
     by girls.  His cock was rubbing against Jane's nylon covered
     thighs and with each spank, his cock was driven downward
     encased by the smooth material.  Jimmy was just about to
     climax when Jane decided that his now bright red ass was
     sufficient for the moment and shoved him from her lap onto the
     floor at her feet.  Landing on his back, Jimmy's cock was
     standing straight up and twitching from it's excited state. 
     This brought even more laughter and teasing from the girls who
     then pulled him to his feet so they could inspect his cherry
     red buns.  His cock bobbed and weaved as he moved and the
     girls got a big kick out of watching it and continued to
     giggle and laugh at it.  Jimmy was completely humiliated and
     was red from his hairline down from shame, his ass cheeks were
     on fire from the spanking but he just stood still as the girls
     poked and prodded the burning flesh, tears streaming down his
     face and his dick standing at attention wanting relief.
          At this point the girls from the makeup committee who had
     been conferring during the spanking approached Jane with their
     suggestions.  Linda, a pretty redheaded Senior and chairperson
     walked over to Jimmy and looked him over closely to confirm
     their observations.
          "Jane, before you have Jimmy put on the REAL show, the
     members of my committee have noted that he is not yet ready
     for the costume committee's part of the production.  We note
     that this GIRL has hair growing on her legs, arms, underarms
     and groin which are not consistent with the character to be
     portrayed in the show.  We therefore propose that our commit-
     tee, PROPERLY prepare this actress for her part prior to
     costuming."  All of this was delivered in a voice which
     sounded very professional and objective and Jane immediately
     agreed with their plans.  "Have at him girls!" was the reply.
          Jimmy was immediately pulled into the adjacent girls
     dressing room and placed in a shower and told to wash himself
     from head to toe.  All twelve girls watched as he showered,
     but just as he finished, two stepped into the stall with him
     and turned off the water.  His entire body below the neck was
     coated with shaving cream and the girls went to work with
     razors, methodically removing every hair below his neckline. 
     When they were done, they told him to again shower and then
     patted his how hairless body dry with big fluffy towels.  His
     body was then dusted with sweet smelling powder by two more
     girls and he was told to bend over and a girl held his cheeks
     apart while another using a razor made sure that no hair
     remained around his puckered little hole or the base of his
     balls.  A soothing cream was massaged into his still burning
     ass which brought whimpers and groans from Jimmy.  Throughout
     this procedure, Jimmy's cock remained at attention but no
     relief was in sight.
          Jimmy was then lead to the other side of the room where
     there was a line of makeup tables, and seated in one (Ginger-
     ly), Linda then turned him to look at her and studied his
     face.  After a minute or two she took a comb and scissors and
     started working on his hair, trimming here and there.  Then
     applied styling gel to his hair and then blow dried it while
     working the hair with a round spiky looking brush.  Satisfied
     with the results, she tilted his head back and started
     plucking hairs from his eyebrows.  This startled Jimmy and the
     girl saw the reason for the fear.  "Relax Jimmy, I'm just
     cleaning them up a little, I won't make you look like a
     faggot."  Jimmy relaxed and she continued to work.  Next Linda
     directed one of the girls to bring her some ice and had a tool
     of some kind in her hand.  Before Jimmy realized what was
     happening, he felt a sharp prick in his left ear, then his
     right.
          Janet, another senior, took over at this point and
     applied a coat of foundation to his face, feathering it out to
     his hair line and base of his neck.  Next came mascara, rouge,
     lipstick, lip gloss, eyeliner and eyeshadow.  The other girls
     watched Janet work and gave squeals of glee when she was done,
     approving of her work.  Jimmy was turned around to face the
     mirror and did a double take at the pretty young girl looking
     back with gold stud pierced earrings and a modified "boy cut"
     hair style.  His cock which had half deflated during the
     cosmetic procedures immediately came back to full attention,
     although it was hidden by the barber's drape they had placed
     over him while working.  "Excellent, EXCELLENT!" exclaimed
     Jane who then resumed control of Jimmy.
          "Ok Sam, Your turn now," said Jane as she turned Jimmy to
     face her and stood him on his feet facing the girls.  Sam came
     forward and using a gauze pad wiped Jimmy's chest then stepped
     behind him and a minute latter came back into view and
     immediately pressed something against the left side of his
     chest and held it there for about 30 seconds.  When she
     removed her hand a woman's breast was visible on his chest and
     looked to be made of rubber or something, immediately she
     performed the same procedure on the right side and Jimmy now
     sported a matched pair of breasts suitable for a girl of 17 or
     so.  There were no straps or anything and the breasts moved as
     he breathed and were obviously weighted to match the real
     thing.  She must have attached them with some kind of glue or
     something he thought to himself.  
          "Well how do you like them?" asked Samantha.
          "I, I...," Jimmy's mind went blank as he looked down at
     the tits, then slowly his hands moved upwards until each
     cupped a breast.  The texture felt real and when he moved they
     swayed like the real thing.  "I think Jimmy likes his new
     tits!" exclaimed Suzie, this brought howling laughter from all
     the girls.  Jimmy was then moved in front of a full length
     mirror and to his astonishment and delight the vision reflect-
     ed showed a pretty short haired girl; the only thing spoiling
     the vision was the hard cock sticking out from the crotch.
          One of the girls approached Jimmy from behind and placed
     a black lace garter belt around his waist, hooking it from
     behind.  Next he was assisted in putting on a pair of stock-
     ings which were attached to the garter belt and a pair of
     black strap type shoes with 5" spiked heels.  Jimmy had great
     difficulty steadying himself on the high shoes and was
     steadied by one of the girls until he got his balance.  When
     he looked in the mirror, Jimmy noted that the black lace
     perfectly framed his crotch and made his cock even more
     noticeable than before.  Jimmy was told to stand a minute and
     felt a wet washcloth pressed against the left cheek of his
     butt.  When it was removed, Jimmy was turned sideways and
     shown that he now had a "tatoo" on his ass in the form of a
     pair of bright red lips.  "It will wear off in a couple of
     weeks," said the girl, "then we can try something else."
          A flirty little black "cross-back" swing dress was placed
     over his head and pulled down into place.  The dress had a
     deep scooped neckline in front which showed skin down to his
     breasts, the shoulders and back were bare to the waist, the
     material slanting down the sides like a halter top.  Two thin
     straps formed an "x" pattern on his back holding the dress in
     place.  The skirt flared at the waist into a full skirt which
     ended at mid-thigh.  Looking at himself in the mirror, Jimmy
     almost came on the spot, the sexy dress made him beautiful! 
     Jimmy turned back and forth watching himself in the mirror,
     the girls congratulated themselves on his appearance and Jane
     motioned for them to seat themselves around the room.
          "Well ladies, what shall be call our little Sissy-boy?
     asked Jane, "Obviously, we can't call her Jimmy, because
     that's a BOY's name and she is to pretty to be called by a
     BOY's name."
          "How about Jill?"
          "No, Lisa..."
          "No, Tammi..."
          "Jenny," whispered Jimmy.
          "Fantastic! Jenny it is," ruled Jane.
          "Well now, 'Jenny' it's time for our show," Jane directed
     and moved to seat herself among the other girls.
          Jimmy's cock had been hard now for over two hours and
     regardless of his embarrassment, he NEEDED to get some relief. 
     Facing the girls, he lifted the hem of his skirt and proceeded
     to stroke his straining cock with his right hand while he
     massaged his balls with his left.  It only took about 10
     strokes before cum was dripping from his cock, then immediate-
     ly it started shooting in jets, arching out towards the girls,
     some of it landing on one of them's leg.  "Shit!" said the
     girl, "He got it on me."  Jimmy was in a daze when Jane forced
     him down on his knees and ordered him to lick it off the girl,
     he complied without even thinking, to the cheers of the
     assembled girls.  When done, Jane ordered him to stand and
     bend over and hold on to a high stool in the center of the
     room.
          "Sam go get that special prop will you?"
          "Sure Jane, be right back."
          "Jenny, we have a SPECIAL treat for you, since you are
     now a girl, you must learn about sex and we are going to teach
     you."
          Almost immediately Samantha returned with a box and Jimmy
     watched as Jane removed her skirt, her powerful legs were
     wonderful and he especially liked her flowered bikini panties. 
     Jane reached into the box and pulled out a fake cock about 8
     inches long with straps attached to it.  He watched in
     amazement as she connected the dildo to her body then stood in
     front of him.  "SUCK MY COCK JENNY" was the order as he looked
     at the thing from eye level.       "You can't be a REAL girl
     if you can't suck cock," Jane whispered as she rubbed the
     device across his face and mouth by moving her hips.  Two
     girls grabbed him by the shoulders so it was clear that they
     intended him to do this.  Jimmy gave the thing a tentative
     lick then opened his mouth and Jane slowly inserted the cock
     until he gagged, then backed out and entered again, repeating
     this procedure penetrating a little deeper with each stroke. 
     While Jane thrust at his mouth, Sam instructed him on relaxing
     his throat and use of his tongue, telling him to swirl it
     around the head and to suck as it was pulled back. 
          "Boy's love that suction around the head," she said and
     "if you can deep throat, they'll buy you anything you want!"
          Jane just kept stroking in and out murmuring, "Yes baby,
     suck my hard cock, that's it, suck it hard, good girl, suck me
     hard Jenny."
          All the other girls gathered around and critiqued his
     technique until they all felt he was doing it right.
          "Now Jenny," murmured Jane, who's eyes were kind of
     glazed, "I'm going to take my little Jenny's cherry."  Jimmy
     was bent over further, his forearms resting on the stool and
     as Jane moved behind him and lifted his skirt.  A cream was
     worked around his little asshole and soon he felt a finger
     pressing against the tight little opening.  It massaged the
     hole and soon was working it's way inside.
          "Ah, Ah, NO! NO!" Jimmy cried as the pain moved from this
     bottom to his brain.  "Please No!" he pleaded but the hand
     just kept working.
          "Relax Jenny and this won't hurt, but if you fight it, it
     will hurt like a son-of-a-bitch." he was told.
          Jimmy relaxed all he could and soon the finger was moving
     freely in and out of his ass, it was soon joined by another
     and another until three fingers were probing his backside. 
     When the fingers were withdrawn, Jimmy sighed and relaxed,
     until suddenly he felt the giant dildo pressing against his
     little muscle.  It had been well lubricated and the fingers
     had loosened him enough that the head went inside without much
     resistance.  But as Jane pressed forward, she met resistance
     and stopped periodically until she could feel slight movement
     indicating relaxation of his internal muscles.  Soon the dildo
     was buried to the hilt and she pulled it back until just the
     head remained inside Jimmy.  Then grabbed his hips and in one
     forceful stroke buried it again until her thighs slapped
     against his.  The base of the dildo was rubbing against Jane's
     clitoris and every time she slammed into Jimmy it sent
     electric shocks through her, so without any further encourage-
     ment, Jane pounded the strap-on dildo into the boy's ass
     without mercy.  After about 10 minutes, Jane climaxed and fell
     on top of the boy with the dildo still buried inside him.  All
     the girls cheered and clapped hooting and laughing at the show
     now concluded.  When Jane recovered, she withdrew the monster
     from Jimmy and used a washcloth to clean his bottom.  Then
     planted a kiss on the right cheek of his butt to match the one
     on the left, only this one was in pink lipstick. 
          "Well it's time to go girls," Sam suggested and they then
     lined up before Jimmy, and each gave him a hug and a kiss,
     thanking him for the 'show' and telling him they looked
     forward to many more in the future.  They left the room and
     only Jane, Suzie, Samantha and Jimmy remained.
          Jimmy was lost mentally, he didn't know what to do or say
     and for a while the girls ignored him as they cleaned up the
     room.  When they were done, Jane gave him a deep kiss, a hug
     and a firm pat on the ass.  Sam and Suzie each gave him a hug
     and a kiss on the cheek.  All three headed for the door and as
     they exited, Jane laid his keys on the floor but held up his
     wallet and said, "I think I'll hold onto this a little
     longer." she then turned and walked out closing the door
     behind her.  Standing alone in the middle of the dressing
     room, still dressed as a girl he was still in a daze and sat
     on a chair trying to collect himself.  The cold metal chair
     immediately reminded him that he was wearing a short skirt and
     that he had no panties on as the metal contacted is skin.  He
     quickly got up, folded the skirt under him and again sat on
     the chair.  Jimmy's whole body shook as he realized what he
     had just done in front of 12 girls: been stripped, spanked,
     shaved, made-up, masturbated, sucked a fake cock, then been
     butt-fucked by a girl with that same cock.  As the scenes
     flashed through his mind, he realized that someone had been
     TAKING PICTURES through every stage.  "Oh SHIT!" he thought,
     "what am I going to do now?"
     
     
     
                           COSTUMED CAPERS
                             Part 4 of 5
     
     
          On unsteady feet, he moved over to the door and almost
     fell when he bent over to pick up the keys.  Immediately, he
     noticed that some were missing, THE ONLY KEYS ON THE RING WERE
     FOR HIS HOUSE AND THE LIGHT/SOUND BOOTH!  His car keys and the
     keys for the costume rooms were missing.  Jimmy looked around
     the room and quickly found that the only clothing in the room
     was what he was wearing, no towels, nothing made of cloth was
     visible, only a small black purse on the counter and he knew
     there was nothing in the light/sound booth because he had
     cleaned it up himself.  "God!" he thought, "I'm going to have
     to walk home again, but dressed like this!"  Jimmy looked at
     the clock on the wall and was shocked to see that it was 5:15
     p.m.  "I better get going," he thought "before the janitor
     comes down here."  Jimmy picked up the purse and placed his
     keys in it since he had no pockets and as they fell in noticed
     that the purse contained cosmetics, a brush, a comb and a
     package of condoms; no money and no ID's.
          Resigned to his fate, Jimmy left the room and slowly
     walked down the hall trying to get used to the 5" heels.  He
     had no experience at walking on this toes and knew it was
     going to be a LONG walk home.  Jimmy again escaped through the
     fire exit on the back of the building only this time, walked
     around to the front and through the parking lot which was
     empty except for his car and one other.  Jimmy tried the doors
     on his car in hopes that MAYBE he had left one unlocked, but
     no dice, locked up tight.  Putting the thin strap for the
     purse over his right shoulder, Jimmy started walking, the cool
     evening air brushed across his bare shoulders and back and
     occasionally caused his skirt to blow and lift.  "Can't have
     that!" he thought as he shoved the skirt down to cover his
     still naked bottom.  Jimmy walked towards home and as he
     approached the private school, could hear the voices of boys
     playing basketball over near the building.  When they saw him,
     he immediately heard whistles and cat calls for the pretty
     girl passing the school.  Jimmy ignored them and straightening
     his shoulders, walked firmly on by, but noticed that his hips
     had picked up a definite swing in response to the height of
     the shoes.
          About halfway home, Jimmy heard a car slowly approaching
     from the rear, almost pacing him, when he looked over his
     shoulder at the car, what he saw almost caused him to fall. 
     It was Jane, driving HIS car and it was full of the girls from
     the stage crews.  One had a video camera and was filming him
     walking down the street, while two others were taking pictures
     with still cameras.  They pulled up along side and the one
     with the video camera yelled "Hi Jenny," which Jimmy tried to
     ignore.  "Show us your panties!" which caused Jimmy to freeze
     and tightly hold the skirt down.  This caused all of the girls
     to laugh and the car pulled ahead, then sped off in the
     direction of his house.  Jimmy continued walking, his feet
     were now killing him, and finally reached the end of his
     street.  Along the way, he passed several people who knew him,
     but none seemed to recognize the pretty girl as little Jimmy,
     this increased his confidence and it was only as he approached
     his house that panic again started setting in.  His car was
     parked in the alley behind the house (the keys laying on the
     seat) but his parent's car was not in the driveway.  His
     sister's car however, was in the garage.
          Carefully, Jimmy worked his way around the house looking
     through the windows to see who, if anyone, was home.  The
     light was on in Kathleen's room and the living room but the
     rest of the house was dark.  From the sounds, Jimmy thought
     that his sister was either taking a bath or shower, as he
     could hear water running in her bathroom.  Jimmy worked his
     way back to the back door and as quietly as possible, inserted
     his key and opened the door.  The kitchen was dark and when he
     closed the door, it was even darker.  As he felt his way along
     the countertop, he banged into a chair and lost his balance on
     the spiked heels and fell to the floor.
          "Is that you Jimmy?" called his sister.
          "Yea Sis, just bumped into a chair."
          Jimmy was scrambling, trying to get up, but kept loosing
     his footing on the slickly waxed kitchen floor.  Suddenly, the
     lights came on and his sister was standing in the door,
     wearing a robe and slippers, rubbing a towel on her wet hair.
          "What the..."
          "Uh, Sis, uh..."
          "What the HELL is THIS!" said his astonished older
     sister.
          Jimmy was sprawled on the floor and as he rolled onto his
     side to attempt to get up on his knees, the skirt flopped to
     reveal his bare backside and the red "lips" tattoo flashed at
     Kathleen.
          "Jimmy, Jimmy, what is all this?"
          "I..., I..., we have to talk Kathy."
          "I should say so," she replied and seeing the trouble he
     was having, took hold of his arm and helped him stand, then
     lead him to the carpeted hallway where he could get better
     footing.
          "Where's Mom and Dad?" Jimmy whispered.
          "Their gone for the weekend, we're alone for the week-
     end," she responded and Jimmy gave a great sigh of relief. 
     "Now what's IS THIS?"
          Jimmy dropped to a sitting position with his back against
     the wall and his knees drawn in tightly and started to cry,
     his body trembling and shaking as he released the tension from
     his mind and body.
          Kathleen knelt beside her brother and gathered his head
     into her hands and pressed it against her chest, while she
     stoked her fingers through his hair, on the back of his neck
     and over his bare shoulders.  Kathy smelled clean and lightly
     scented and even though racked by his release, his body
     responded to the feel of her warm breasts now pressing against
     his face where her robe had parted.  Kathy looked down and
     again saw that Jimmy was wearing nothing under the dress and
     that his cock was as hard as it was clearly visible.  
          "You Know, Young LADIES should either wear underwear or
     keep their skirts pulled down," Kathy chided.  
          Jimmy immediately realized she was referring to him and
     dropped his legs onto the floor, pulling his skirt down to
     cover his exposed crotch.
          "I'm not sure what this is all about", Kathy offered,
     "but it does explain the button I found at the foot of my bed
     last night.  That button didn't match anything I own, so it
     must be from something of yours."  Kathy could feel something
     pressing back at her from her brother's chest and pulled the
     cross straps down over his shoulders which dropped the
     neckline of the dress to the point where she could see his
     rubber tits.  "You sure look REAL," she murmured and reached
     into his dress to feel one of the breasts; "FEEL REAL too, but
     how are they attached, your not wearing a bra?"
          "They're..., they're attached with some kind of glue,"
     came the whispered reply, "Suzie, uh, put them on me."
          "Jimmy, I'm trying to be patient, waiting for you to
     explain, but I just don't understand, are you GAY or WHAT?"
          "NO! I'm not THAT!" he cried, "I, I just like to wear
     girls clothes."
          "So, you must be one of those Transvestites."
          "I, I guess so," he replied in a dejected voice.  "But I
     got caught, by, by the girls on the costume committee, and,
     and they did this to me." he whimpered and began trembling
     again.
          "Well it looks to me like they did a good job!  You could
     go anywhere and no one would NOT think you were a girl, unless
     you gave yourself away.  If you hadn't spoken to me, I
     wouldn't even have recognized you.  Now get up and let's go in
     the living room."
          Jimmy arose with difficulty (trying to keep his skirt
     down below his crotch) and walked ahead of his sister into the
     living room.  Kathy noticed the sway in his hips as he walked
     and the great legs and smooth back displayed by the dress. 
     "God! I wish My legs looked that good," she thought to
     herself.
          Jimmy sat on a chair and Kathy sat on the sofa directly
     across from him and chuckled as Jimmy fussed with the skirt,
     trying to keep it pulled as far down as possible.  But since
     it was so short, it kept riding up his thighs every time he
     breathed.
          "Now tell be the WHOLE story," his sister directed.
          Jimmy told her how he had on occasion he had sneaked down
     to the girls costume room and dressed in various outfits then
     masturbated in front of a mirror and that two days ago the
     girls had come in while he was dressed and he had to hide, but
     that they found his clothes and took them out of the room. 
     How he had dressed in the school uniform and made his way home
     (leaving out the encounter with the boys) and had climbed into
     the house through her window, changed and went back for his
     wallet and keys.  But that they were missing when he got into
     the boy's costume room.  How Jane had left him a note saying
     to meet her Suzie and Samantha and that they had made him
     dress for them and give them a show.  That, today he had
     spanked and been made-up by both the girls on the costume
     committee and make-up committee and been made to give a show
     for 12 girls.  Then left attired as he was, to make his own
     way home.  Jimmy conveniently left out the parts about the
     dildo and only told of jacking-off in front of the cheering
     girls.  Throughout the dialogue, Kathy watched her brother and
     could see his excitement at various parts as well as his fear
     at others, his body language differed considerably from his
     voice at various parts and his short skirt was showing a
     definite bulge which did not belong on a girl.
          "So you are called 'Jenny' when dressed-up?  Well Jenny,
     where did you say the clothes you wore yesterday are?  In your
     room? Go get them, I want to see what you wore.
          Jimmy retrieved the ball of clothing and handed them over
     to his sister.  Kathy immediately recognized the dried cum
     stains on the skirt, the only question in her mind was the
     quantity.  There was entirely too much even for the recupera-
     tive powers of a young man.
          "Jenny, you didn't tell me everything and I don't think
     you hated this as much as you are putting on.  In fact, I
     think you liked the WHOLE thing, otherwise, that silly little
     cock of your's wouldn't be making a tent out of your skirt."
          Jimmy immediately placed his hands over the bulge in his
     skirt, trying to hide it while his mind kept telling it to
     deflate.  His penis however, seemed to have a mind of it's
     own.  "Sis, I, I hated it." he whimpered.
          "Now maybe you'd like to explain all this cum all over
     your skirt, there is way too much for it to all be yours, so
     fess up!"
          Jimmy filled in the part about having been stopped by the
     boys along the railroad tracks and having had to jack them off
     in order to escape.  Kathy noted that his cock was standing
     straight out even stiffer than before if possible.
          "No, Jenny LIKES to be dressed, and LIKES to put on shows
     for girls, NO DOUBT ABOUT IT!  I think I'll call Jane and get
     the WHOLE story, cause I think Jenny didn't tell me every-
     thing."  Kathy, immediately went to the telephone and called
     Jane who she knew from school, them being in several classes
     together.  Jane not only confirmed what Jimmy/Jenny had told
     but said there was more and that she had photographic proof. 
     Kathy invited Jane to come over as well as any of the other
     girls and to stay the night if they wanted, since her parents
     were out of town.  Jane readily agreed and said she would call
     the others and might even bring a surprise!
          Meanwhile, Jimmy had gone to his room and removed the
     dress and was trying to remove the breasts, but the glue was
     too strong and it felt like he was ripping his chest off; but
     the breasts hadn't released at all.  Just then, Kathy stood in
     the doorway and observed her brother now attired only in the
     garter belt and hose, trying to pull the left tit from his
     body.  She immediately walked over behind him and with all the
     force she could muster, smacked his butt with her hand. 
     (Crack!)
          "Ouch!" cried Jimmy.
          "Jenny you LIED to me!" she yelled as her hand descended
     again (crack!), "You didn't tell me everything!" (crack!)  "I
     don't tolerate liars!" (Crack!)  "You little bitch, you are
     going to be punished for this!" (Crack! Crack! Crack!)  "Now
     bend over!"
          Kathy grabbed one of Jimmy's belts and folding it over
     gave his ass about twenty swats until it was covered with
     bright red marks.  Jimmy was crying and when she stopped fell
     to the floor blubbering, his whole body quaking as he cried. 
     Kathy left the room and when she returned, she was carrying a
     black halter dress with chiffon skirt which she laid on the
     bed.
          "Put that dress on, then fix your face and come back to
     the living room, and BE QUICK ABOUT IT, or you will get more
     of the same."
          Jimmy got to his feet and picked up the dress, pulled it
     up his legs and over his hips.  The cotton/lycra band around
     the waist fit tightly and when he tied the halter in place, he
     saw that it had a split in front right down between the
     breasts, with a back even lower than then one he had been
     wearing before.  The skirt was shorter and came only 1/3 down
     his thighs just below the top of his stockings, showing even
     more leg than before.  The chiffon rustled when he moved and
     stood out making his hip look wider and his waist smaller.  He
     looked in the mirror and noted that this dress was the sexiest
     he had ever seen, even better that the swing dress.  Jimmy
     repaired his makeup using his sister's makeup table and mirror
     then went to the living room as directed.
          When he stepped around the corner, he froze, there sat
     Jane, Samantha, Susan, Debbie and Linda, in addition to his
     sister. 
          "Come on in Jenny," said Kathy, "You already know all
     these girls.  They came over for the night and want to see
     your new dress."  "Isn't she cute girls?"
          "Lovely, I really like the was that dress shows so much
     skin." said Jane, "Really sexy."
          "Go out in the middle and take a couple of turns for the
     girls," ordered Kathy, "I want them to see the whole thing."
          Jimmy did as directed and the girls giggled when as he
     turned, the skirt lifted showing his bright red ass cheeks and
     that he was still wearing no panties.
          "Jenny, the girls must be thirsty, go get them some soft
     drinks and bring them here and serve them."
          "Yes Kathy," he replied and immediately went to the
     kitchen and poured iced drinks for the girls.
          "You know Jane, I should thank you girls, I always wanted
     a servant, and it looks like now I HAVE one."
          "We aim to please," said Jane, "As long as we can still
     play with her every now and then."
          "But of course! After all, you found her."  
          Jimmy returned at this point and served the girls their
     drinks, as he stood by each girl, she would run her hand up
     his thighs and either fondle his soft penis and balls or pat
     his ass while taking the drink in the other hand.  Jimmy's
     cock started to swell from the handling, and by the time he
     had completed the circuit, was hard and standing straight out. 
     Kathy directed Jenny to stand at the end of the couch while
     Jane inserted a video tape into the player.  Then to his
     horror, the ENTIRE escapade of the afternoon was shown on the
     TV while he stood before the girls.  When the dildo scenes
     came on the screen, Kathy hit the hold button on the remote
     and the image of Jimmy with a cock in his mouth was frozen on
     the screen.
          "Look at the EYES girls, and the EFFORT, I think little
     Jenny LOVES sucking cock!" observed Kathy.
          "If you think she likes that," Jane replied, "Wait until
     you see how much she loves taking it up the ass!"
          "Your kidding!" exclaimed Kathy, "Did she let you do
     THAT?"
          "Yes and loved every minute of it, here I'll show you."
          Jane grabbed the remote and fast forwarded to the butt
     fuck and Kathy couldn't believe the look of pleasure on her
     brother's face, while Jane plowed his backside.
          "Well girls, I think it is our duty to keep little
     Jenny's pussy happy from here on out,"said Kathy.
          "Absolutely," replied Jane and murmurs of agreement came
     from the others.  "In fact, that surprise I mentioned on the
     telephone should be here any time now."



                           COSTUMED CAPERS
                             Part 5 of 5
     
     
          The girls continued watching the film and just after the
     scene of Jimmy walking down the street with his skirt swing-
     ing, the doorbell rang.  "I'll get it," said Jane.  When she
     returned, she was accompanied by a tall young man, who she
     introduced as her older brother Ron, who attended State
     College and was home for the weekend.  Jimmy was introduced to
     Ron as 'Jenny' "the little sissy I told you about."
          "Ron, would you be willing to do what I talked to you
     about?" asked Jane.
          "Sure, why not!" he replied as he smiled at the six
     girls.
          "Ron is a bisexual," Jane explained to the others, "and
     has agreed to break Jenny in right with the REAL thing."  "He
     has also agreed to let us watch!" 
          Jimmy/Jenny was placed on his knees in the center of the
     room, while Ron removed his pants and moved in front of the
     trembling boy.  Jane, standing behind Ron, pulled his under-
     wear down, and many "Oohs and Aha's" of appreciation were
     heard from the girls when his 9" tool came into view already
     erect.
          Kathy had been standing beside Jenny and now bent over
     and whispered in his ear, "Go for it Jenny, You know you want
     too."
          Jimmy reached out with his hand and gently grasped the
     formidable cock, then leaned forward and gave it a tentative
     lick with his tongue.  Deciding it tasted good, he opened his
     mouth wide and put as much of it inside as he could, swirling
     his tongue around the shaft and it penetrated his mouth.
          "Aha, God, that feels good," moaned Ron as the girls
     cheered Jenny on.  Jimmy got a tempo going, moving in and out,
     never letting the cock completely escape his mouth as his hand
     worked the big balls suspended below it.  "Yes, Yes," Ron
     cried and took hold of Jenny's head as his hips pumped his
     member into the warm cavity.
          Just as Ron was about to cum, Jane pulled Jenny back from
     her brother.  "Get up Jenny and bend over, on hands and knees,
     so Ron can fuck that little pussy-ass of yours."
          Ron quickly got behind, Jenny and flipped her skirt up
     onto her back, then put on a condom and spread the K-Y jelly
     he had been handed, on, around and into the tight little hole
     before him.  Jenny's asshole opened immediately in response to
     his gentle probing, and soon Jimmy could feel the head of
     Ron's cock pressing at his opening while the man held him with
     a hand on his waist.  Ron inserted the head, then grabbed
     Jimmy's waist with his other hand and pulled the boy back
     while he pressed inward with his manhood.  
          The girls cheered and clapped and as Ron established
     motion with his hips, clapped in time with the thrusts,
     yelling, "Go, Go, Go" with each stroke.  Jimmy, was now
     thrusting backwards with each thrust forward by the cock and
     was moaning as the big cock worked on his prostate gland from
     the inside.  It wasn't too long before Ron froze in mid-stroke
     and Jimmy felt the cock jerking in his rectum.  This trig-
     gered, Jimmy and he shot his load onto the carpet below him,
     even though no one had even touched his little penis.
          Ron gave it about 5 more thrusts, shooting with each
     stroke, then fell back on his heels as Susan, Jane and Linda
     fondled and kissed him.  The condom was removed from his now
     soft cock and one of the girls washed him and also Jimmy's
     ass.  Jimmy just laid on the floor trying to recover his
     strength.  He had never, cum so hard in his life and was
     exhausted.
          Ron was redressed and led to the door by his sister and
     all of the girls gave him a kiss in thanks for his efforts. 
     "Anytime girls." was all he said as he went out the door and
     waived to them.
          Kathy, then turned to the girls and said, "I don't know
     about you girls, but I think it is about time Jenny learn to
     eat pussy and mine will be the first!"
          "Yes!" was the reply in unison and everyone returned to
     give Jimmy the first of the lessons to follow.  In the living
     room, Jimmy was placed on his knees in front of a large chair
     and watched in wonder as his sister removed her skirt and
     panties before his eyes, then proceeded to instruct him on the
     proper way to make a woman happy with his mouth.  This was
     just the first of MANY such lessons to follow.
