Archive-name: Changes/costume1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Costume Party, The


     I knew my husband, Jim, liked dressing up in women's clothing, but
the idea never really appealed to me. I had always thought there was
something wrong in that. That is, until about a year ago.

     I was in charge of a costume party, and one of my girlfriends from
highschool suggested we get out our old square dance dresses and have
our husbands dress in them, and we'd go as their partners with boots,
jeans, and Western buckskin jackets. I knew Jim would like it, so I
agreed. I told him I'd take care of getting him an outfit and not to
ask what I had in mind.

     On the day of the party, I had him stand naked in the middle of
the bedroom. First came perfumed powder all over his body.  Then I
handed him a pair of lace covered petti-pants. He pulled them on and I
could see his hard cock outlined through the lace.  Next came a bra
into which I slid inserts I had found which looked and felt like real
breasts. His cock was incredibly hard as my hands kept "accidentally"
brushing against it. I told him I'd have to cover up his manhood before
I put his makeup on since girls don't have such things.

     I went and got the special petticoat I had ordered. It was a huge,
full red and white petticoat covered with lace trim and little satin
bows. I made him pull it on, and his reaction was amazing. He was
thrilled by all of this. Makeup came next. I gave him a complete job,
including false eyelashes, while making him sit at my vanity with the
petticoat fluffed up all around him.  Then came the wig with the pretty
hair bow in the back.

     I had him stand up and, as i did, I lifted up his petticoat and
looked. His cock was still rock hard. Then I got out his special dress.
It was red-and-white-checked with puffy sleeves and a lace stand-up
collar, and it had a white, ruffled pinafore to go over it.  I zipped
him up and tied the pinafore straps into a big bow in the back. Last
came white pumps and earrings. I told him to wait for me in the living
room while I dressed. Twice I sneaked a look and saw him admiring
himself in the mirror and turning from side to side.

     I made him drive to the dance. I knew that having that crisp
petticoat up all around him while trying to drive would excite him even
more. At the dance I made a point of always standing very close to him
so he could feel the petticoat pressing against his legs. I had never
seen my husband so happy.

     When we got home, Jim couldn't wait to make love to me. I made him
go down on me while he stayed fully dressed. After he made me come
twice, I decided it was his turn. I made him lie on his back an I slid
his ruffled petti-pants off. Then I put on my fullest square dance
petticoat and kneeled so my hot pussy was directly over his cock. His
hands were all over my breasts. And as I slowly let his cock slide into
me, I played with his "beasts".

     Jim came almost immediately, but I wasn't about to let him off so
easily. I slowly kept pumping and talking about how "cute" he looked in
his frilly dress. He got hard again, and when I could feel he was close
to cumming again, I told him maybe I had better make him wear
petticoats all the time. This was enough to send him over the edge.

     Since that night we've talked, and I know he's not gay or anything
like that. He simply loves wearing petticoats, and of course I've
bought him several. Anytime Jim has them on, I know there's a hard,
throbbing cock waiting for me underneath. Just wait until he finds out
about the special prom dress I've made for him for the Fifties costume
party we have coming up.
ws...

--
