Couch Potatoes
by Dulcinea


It was to be a quiet night at home.

No friends, no work smuggled home in a briefcase.  No
ducking out to see a movie, or to do grocery shopping, or
to do anything but just relax.

Couch potatoes.

He settled back into the cushions of the couch, propping
his feet up on the coffee table.  She plopped down next to
him, sliding up under his arm, her head resting on his chest,
secure that she belonged there in his arms.  Her shoes
tumbled to the floor, her long legs stretching across the length
of the couch, her feet hanging over the far arm.  "Comfy?" he
asked.

"Of course."  She snuggled against his warmth, feeling his arm
drop down around her shoulders.  "You?"

"Uh-huh."  She offered him the remote control, but he shook his
head.  "Whatever." He said. 

Unfortunately, it was one of those nights where absolutely nothing
of interest was on.  Neither of them cared for any of the inane
sitcoms that were offered, nor were any movies showing that looked
even remotely intriguing.  She paused on a channel that showed 
a group of aging rock stars, their reunion concert, playing tunes
that were reminiscent of their younger days.  "How's this?"

"It's fine."  He truly didn't care what they watched, enjoying the
fact that he simply didn't have to be doing anything right now.  The
feel of the woman in his arms was pleasant, relaxing, her scent
familiar and intoxicating.  His fingers gently caressed her shoulder,
simply touching, and allowing the pleasure of the touch to be enough.
"Brings back some memories, eh?"

"Mmm-hmmm."  She could hear the sound of his heart under his
polo shirt, relaxing her.  His touch was soothing, not sexual, 
spreading a soothing warmth through her body.  "Though I'm sure you
remember them far better than I.  They had all but broken up when I
started listening to music."

He laughed good naturedly as she poked fun at their five year age
difference.  "Yes dear, I'm sure of that."  He poked her shoulder.
"In fact, this song reminds me of Angie Meyer, and the backseat of
my brother's car...."

"Hey!"  She quickly flicked the channel, punching numbers at 
random.  An overly exuberant voice boomed out at them, nasally
describing the diamond ring that spun in the center of the screen.
His chuckling rumbled against her ear, knowing he had zinged her
back for the age joke.  "No old girlfriend stories!"  She said.

"Jealous, sweety?"  He broadened his massage, down her arm and
across her hips and stomach.  "I hope you don't expect me to buy
that ring as an apology!"

"That ring?  Yech!"  She flipped the channel, hitting yet another
shopping network.  "Not that one, either!"  She referred to a
nauseating multicolored cluster a hand model wore.  "I thought
you knew me better than that."

He kissed the top of her forehead, letting her know that, yes, indeed,
he did know she had better taste than that.  The television bounced
back to the rock band, yet another familiar tune drifting out of the
speakers.  "Any girlfriends associated with this one?"  She asked
warily.

"Like I would tell you if  there was!"  He cupped his hand under her
breast, rubbing his thumb across the nipple.  To his delight, it began
hardening immediately.  "You feel very good."  He told her.

"Really?  And you just like touching me, I suppose?"

"Uh-huh."  Palm flat, he rubbed across her stomach and her hip 
again, stretching his fingers to touch her thigh.  She hadn't changed
from the outfit she'd worn all day, a nice one piece skort outfit over
dark blue tights.  He liked the way she looked in it, and he liked the
way the skorts fell high on her thighs because of how she sat, the
thick, stretchy tights showing off her beautiful legs.  "Is that a
problem?"

"No."  She sighed contentedly.  "You know I like having you touch
me."

He grinned.  The massaging may have started out innocently, but
feeling her soft body under her clothing was definitely beginning to
affect him.  Bringing his hand across her still hard nipple, he knew
that she also was affected.  Slipping his fingers through the opening
between the buttons, he rubbed the soft skin of her stomach.  "Oops.
The button fell open."  He laughed, slipping his hand inside the
outfit.  

"Accidentally, I'm sure."  He heard the smile in her voice.  He heard
what he was listening for, the sharp  intake of breath, the change in
the pattern of her breathing.  Letting his hand explore her body was 
definitely turning her on.  And him as well.

Yet another button fell victim to his exploring hand, his fingers
brushing the undersides of her breasts, making her laugh.  "Sorry."
He said sincerely, knowing she was ticklish there.  There were
definitely times when he attacked that area just to tickle her, but
this wasn't one of those times.  "What bra do you have on?"

She laughed again, shifting against him.  "What bra do you think I
have on?"  She teased.

"Well..."  He explored the line's of the bra, the fabric, the lace. "Not
the black see through one.  That one I know too well!"  He grinned.
"Not the red satin one, either.  No lace on that one."

"You are truly amazing."  She teased.  "You think you know my bra's
so well, you can really tell them apart, don't you?"

"Well, dear, I have looked at and touched and removed and tasted 
you through all of them."  He saw a tinge of color rise in her cheeks.
"You're wearing the dark blue one."  He declared.  "Right?"

"Now you know I'm not going to tell you...."  She began to squirm
away from him, squealing when he grabbed her.  "Fine, don't tell
me!"  He said.  "I'll find out myself!"

Swinging his body down to the floor, he gently pushed her down
on the couch, opening the last button on her outfit and revealing the
dark blue bra.  "I knew it!"  He cried, lowering his lips to suck on the
hard nipple that showed through the lace.  He let his hand wander
down her legs, squeezing the inside of her thighs, massaging her
body while he paid great attention to her breasts.  Each gasp from
her encouraged him, wrapping his mouth around as much of her
breast as he could, running his tongue around her nipple.  "Your bra
seems to be wet."  He observed finally.

"Yes. That seems to happen when you're around."  She grinned.  Her
eyes grew wide as his hand slipped up between her legs, rubbing her 
clit through her clothing.  "Other parts of you seem to be wet, as 
well."  he teased.

"Again, that seems to happen when you're around."  He helped her
sit up, watching as she shrugged out of the top of the outfit.  He liked
the way her breasts jiggled in the bra, the way the dark fabric looked
against her pale skin.  Hooking his fingers around the outfit, he pulled
it over her hips, dropping it on the floor behind him.  "So you get
wet down here when I'm around."  He said, pressing his face against
her crotch, smelling her excitement.  "Let's see how wet I make 
you...."

Pulling her tights away, he slipped a finger past the crotch of her 
panties, sliding up her wet tunnel, twisting it around to make her
moan.  Licking and kissing the inside of her thighs, he continued to
stroke her, occasionally rubbing his thumb against her hard, swollen
clit.  He first orgasm happened so suddenly, he was caught of guard,
watching her as she thrust her hips off the couch, the muscles of
her pussy clutching at his finger.  "Is this your idea of a quiet night
at home?"  He teased.  "That was anything but quiet."

She stuck her tongue out, and he laughed, bringing his lips down
over her clit, sucking hungrily.  There were days when he just needed 
to taste her, when he just had to make her squirm for hours.  Tonight
was one of those nights.

He took it slow, using his tongue and his teeth to bring her to the
edge time and time again before backing off, making her moan in
frustration.  Like a faithful puppy dog, letting his warm, wet tongue
cover every inch of her pussy, driving his tongue deep inside her
while his nose bumped against her clit.  

When at last he let her cum, she cried out, her body convulsing and
twisting against him.  He held still, letting her ride out the waves,
then licked and sucked her juices up, resting his head against her
stomach.  "Now how do you feel?"  He asked.

She purred, still trying to bring her breathing under control.  "I
think I need to go change clothes."  She said finally.

"Okay."  He slid back, watching her toddle away.  Regaining his
place on the couch, he was surprised to see the old rock band
had given way to an annoying cartoon.  He flipped aimlessly
through the channels, finally stumbling across a comedy show.

"I'm back!"  She slipped back into her spot, pressing up against
him.  She'd put on one of his favorite teddies, very sheer with
some strategically placed black lace.  Crossing her legs, she 
placed them in his lap, and he noticed immediately that she was 
wearing fishnet stockings.  "Miss me?"

"Oh, yes."  His hands ran up and down her legs, seeing the
smirk on her face.  "And just what is so funny?"

"Nothing."  She smiled.  He was predictable; the stockings
and teddy, she knew, would drive him over the edge.  She
moved her leg, rubbing it against the hard bulge in his pants.
He groaned, grabbing the leg and holding it still.  "That's torture,
sweetheart."

"No...  this is torture."  She knelt on the floor before him, opening
his pants and freeing his hard cock.  She paused for a moment, 
running her eyes around his stiff member, seeing the way the
precum dribbled down the swollen head.  Her fingers caressed the
throbbing vein that ran along the underside of his cock, feeling the
heat that poured off it.  Licking her lips, she brought her mouth 
around the head of his cock, hearing him groan when her tongue
pressed against the swollen head.

She smiled around his cock, sliding her head down to hold the entire
length in her mouth. 
She loved to feel his cock grow between her lips, getting thicker and
longer as she made
love to it with her mouth.
His whimpers and cries filled the room, and she paid close attention 
to every sound, knowing when to continue and when to slow down 
her movements to drag this out.  "This is torture."  She said, after a
bit.

"Oh yes!"  He cried.  His fingers twisted into her hair, and for a
moment, she let him control her movements, feeling bursts of precum
filling her mouth, knowing he was close to cumming.  Easing back,
she flicked the tip of her tongue across his cock head, then blew
a stream of cool air across his cock.

With a groan, he shot his cum into her waiting mouth, so much she 
was afraid for a moment that she couldn't swallow it fast enough.  He 
tipped her head back when it was over, looking down into her eyes.
"I love you."

"I love you, too!"  She climbed back up on the couch, laying her head
against his chest, feeling his arm go around her shoulders once 
again.  They watched the end of the comedy show, then they
tumbled into bed, exhausted.  "What are the plans for tomorrow 
night?"  She asked drowsily.

He tried to remember if they had any previous engagements, but he
couldn't think of any.  "I think we should just spend another quiet
evening at home."  He whispered as they fell asleep.
