Archive-name: 3plus/could4.txt
Archive-author: Biblinski
Archive-title: What Could Have Been... 4


Chapter 10

     "I looked over at Randy, lying back against the edge of the 
hot tub, eyes closed, a satisfied grin on his face.  Tse and Karen 
were still licking at my face, although they were licking at each 
other just as much.  I turned toward Tse and ran my tongue over 
her neck.  She started kissing Karen, so I ran my tongue over 
Karen's neck too.  Tse brought her hand up and caressed my breast.  
I snaked my tongue into her ear.  She pinched my nipple.  I bit 
her ear.  Karen's finger had never left my pussy and a second, 
then a third finger joined it.  She was reaming me like a cock.
     My eyes closed as I reached down and pushed her hand into me 
hard.  I played with my labia and clit with both hands, pushing 
myself closer and closer to what I wanted most.  I wanted to cum.  
I needed to cum.  I had to cum.
     Suddenly, Randy picked me up by the hips and flipped me over.  
Karen's hand pulled out of me, but soon found its way back to my 
aching cunt.  Tse's hand began rolling and pulling my clit.  I 
gasped with the intensity of the passion that coursed through me.  
I felt Randy's cockhead pushing at my anus.  I pushed back against 
it.  It felt enormous!  But I wanted it in me!  There was a little 
twinge of pain as my anal sphincter dilated to accept his swollen 
dick.
     Then it was in me.  Hot.  Pulsating.  I squirmed my ass back 
against him.  He started pulling out, then pushed it back in.  I 
met his strokes.  Faster and faster.  His cock pistoned in and out 
of my asshole.  Karen said she could feel him through the walls of 
my cunt.  She worked another finger into me.  Tse strummed my clit 
like a banjo.  Her lips fastened on mine as her slender tongue 
probed my mouth.  My hips took on a life of their own, shaking and 
shivering.
      And then it started.  A low moan rumbled deep in my throat.  
It grew louder as my climax began.  I wailed as my whole body 
convulsed in orgasm.  None of them would stop!  Randy's prick was 
pounding my ass.  Karen's four fingers pumped my pussy like a 
second cock.  Tse worked my clitoris like dog gnawing a bone.
     I kept cumming and cumming.  I couldn't breathe and still I 
kept cumming!  My head tipped back and a soundless cry came from 
my lips.  My whole body was on fire and every hair stood on end.  
My eyes stared into the night sky and I felt like I was out there 
with the stars.  I don't know how long it lasted, but the next 
thing I remember was Randy softly kissing my lips and Tse and 
Karen gently caressing my breasts.  It was the most intense sexual 
experience I've ever had.  It was magic."
     Michelle's story had brought life back to my loins.  She 
reached over and ran her fingernails up and down my shaft.  It 
jumped a little at her touch.  "Ooo!" she exclaimed.  "Looks like 
there's still some life left in him."  Her head dropped down and 
she engulfed me in her hot mouth.
     "Aah!  Aah!" I breathed.  Her tongue swirled around and 
around my cock, while she maintained a steady suction.  Only five 
or six seconds of her oral attention, and I felt like I was ready 
to blast a load all over her tonsils.  "I'm gonna cum again!"
     Michelle's head pulled off me instantly.  "Not quite yet, 
lover.  I want to show you one of my other talents first."   

Chapter 11

     Michelle stood up on the bed and stepped over me, one foot on 
either side of my hips.  I laid back and looked up at her freckled 
body.  She cupped her big soft breasts in her hands and gently 
squeezed them.  Lifting one, she lowered her head and licked the 
big red-brown nipple.  As it stiffened, she sucked it into her 
mouth, then let it pop back out.  She rolled the erect button 
between her finger and thumb, letting out a little "aah" as she 
pinched herself.
     She pushed both breasts up, then ran her hands down her 
stomach, around her hips and onto her fleshy ass.  Her hips 
started to rotate as she kneaded her butt.  Her left hand moved 
back into view and slid between her thighs.  I could see her right 
hand between her cheeks, the middle finger teasing her asshole.  
The fore and middle fingers of her left hand pinched her clitoris 
between them and started stroking it up and down, up and down.  
Her eyes closed as she gave herself to the sensations she was 
creating in her crotch.  Her tongue ran a slow circle around her 
lips, as she moaned quietly.  As two fingers of her left hand slid 
into her wet pussy, she chewed on her lower lip.  Her fingers 
started sliding in and out, her hips meeting her strokes.  A soft 
panting sound came from her now parted lips.
     I was staring at her pumping fingers when I realized that 
Michelle was staring at my face.  Her panting got louder and 
faster.  "Sit up!" she said.  "Sit up!  Quick!"  I sat up, 
bringing my face level with her steaming cunt.  "Open your mouth!" 
she pleaded.  I opened my mouth.  Her left hand pulled away from 
her pussy and grabbed the back of my head, drawing me closer.  
Suddenly, a jet of hot fluid shot into my mouth.  It surprised me, 
but somehow I thought to stick out my tongue to catch as much as I 
could.  Jet after jet of the sticky stuff hit my tongue.  I 
gulped down a mouthful.  I was amazed.  Michelle had ejaculated, 
or something very much like it, into my mouth.  My face pressed 
against her as she held my head, her panting slowed down to almost 
normal breathing.
     I was lazily licking her when she said, "Lay back down, 
lover.  I'm not done yet."  As I leaned back, her sweet smile was 
beaming down at me.  She glanced down at my throbbing erection.  
"And it looks like you're about ready to get started."
     Michelle slowly squatted over my bobbing dick, her knees 
spreading apart in front of my face.  I watched as she dropped 
lower and lower until her puffy labia were brushing against my 
purple cockhead.  With only that contact between us, she asked, 
"Are you ready, lover?  You're gonna love this!"
     She watched my face as she slid herself over my cock, until 
my pubic hair tickled her lips.  She stopped and for several 
seconds, I just enjoyed the feel of having a tight, hot pussy 
wrapped around my pecker.  I looked up from our joined organs to 
her flushed face.  She had a look of mild concentration, that 
seemed a little odd, considering the situation.  Or so I thought, 
until I realized what she was concentrating on.
     I know this sounds weird, but Michelle started milking my 
cock with her pussy.  She was contracting and relaxing muscles in 
a rhythmic gripping motion.  The feeling was totally bizarre.  I 
must have looked surprised, because she giggled a little and told 
me to wait.  The feel of what she was doing started to change.  It 
was making squishy noises and the gripping got more intense.  I 
started to hump my hips off the bed, but Michelle told me to stop, 
that she'd do it.
     Her hips began to move in a tiny circle centered on my buried 
penis.  The liquid sounds grew louder and the gripping started to 
feel a lot like sucking.  She was sucking me off with her pussy!  
Her hips moved a little more and I could feel my orgasm start to  
build.  Her mouth opened a little as she started to sweat from the 
control she exerted over her muscles.  "Cum for me, babe.  I want 
you to shoot me with your stuff," she cooed.  "I'm sucking you 
with my wet pussy, and I want you to shoot me full of your hot 
cum!  I want it, lover, I want your cum!"
     I couldn't hold back any longer.  My hips raised off the bed 
as I spurted jet after jet into her sucking hole.  As my spasms 
subsided, Michelle ground her hips into mine and stood up over me.  
"Sit up," she said.  "Sit up, quick!"  I pushed myself up and her 
hands grabbed the back of my head, pushing my face against her 
crotch.  "Open your mouth, lover," she said, and I did, slipping 
my tongue between her legs.  A stream of sticky liquid shot into 
my mouth.  "Save it.  I want a taste," came her voice.  Another 
stream of our mingled juices squirted out.  Then another.  I drew 
my tongue back, cleaning up the drips as I went.
     Michelle sat down on my lap, straddling my hips.  We kissed, 
wetly, as I pushed part of the mouthful of cum into her mouth.  
The heat of our kiss increased, as our tongues danced in each 
other's mouths.  Overflow ran from our mouths, dripping on her 
freckled breasts and my hairy chest.  We brought our hands up and 
rubbed the juices into one another's skin.  Her hand dropped down 
and gave my dick a little squeeze.  I broke the kiss and gave her 
nipples a little nip and suck.  We laid back on the bed, me 
cradling her head with my right arm, relaxing.  We softly caressed 
one another, almost drifting off to sleep.
     "Michelle," I said softly.
     "Yeah, babe?" came her sleepy reply.
     "That was the most amazing thing I've..."
     "Shhhhh," she whispered.  "But thanks."
     I must have dozed off, I don't know for how long.  But the 
next thing I remember was waking up, curled up on my left side, 
and being cold.  I was alone in the bed.  I figured Michelle must 
have gotten up and gone to the bathroom.  A familiar pressure in 
the lower abdomen encouraged me to make a similar pilgrimage.
     I went down the hall toward where I remembered the bathroom 
being.  Soft moans were coming from one of the other bedrooms.  I 
wondered who was enjoying themselves.  I found the right room and 
relieved the pressure.  I looked at myself in the mirror and found 
that I was grinning like the only rooster in a henhouse.  I 
splashed some water on my face and toweled myself dry.  A glance 
in the mirror told me I was still grinning.  Oh well, why not?
     I walked out into the hallway and immediately bumped into 
Karen.  "There you are," she said.  "Michelle said you were 
sleeping in her room, so I thought I'd come up and bother you for 
some attention."  She moved in close, one hand dropping down to 
cup my balls, the other slipping behind my neck to bring my head 
down so we could kiss.  Karen was a fantastic kisser.  Somehow, 
she always managed to impart a sense of desperation with her 
mouth, as if she would fade from the earth if the kiss stopped.  
Evidently, parts of me had gotten enough rest, because I was 
swelling and stiffening in Karen's hot little hand.

Chapter 12

     Leading me by my most treasured appendage, Karen moved across 
the hall to her room.  Closing the down behind us, she pulled me 
toward an overstuffed chair in the corner.  She pushed me into the 
seat and dropped to her knees in front of me.  Her mouth enveloped 
my hard cock, sucking me deep into her.  Her hot tongue swirled 
around the shaft and head, while she slowly pumped her hand up and 
down the part that didn't fit inside.  She started a low moaning 
that vibrated my dick, adding to the stimulation.  Her other hand 
gently squeezed my nuts in rhythm with her pumping.  
     I closed my eyes and leaned my head back, totally enjoying 
the sensations I felt.  Slurpy sounds filled my ears as Karen 
increased the liquidity of her actions.  Her hands moved faster 
and faster as she sucked harder and harder.  She must have felt my 
sack tighten up, as a prelude to orgasm, because she suddenly 
stood up, leaving my throbbing dick standing in the breeze.
     She spun around, presenting me with her backside, as she bent 
over at the waist.  She moved back between my spread legs and 
squatted a bit, bringing her pussy and ass down to cock level.  
She reached both hands back and spread her ass cheeks.  "Put it in 
me," she demanded. "I want to feel you inside me!"
     I grabbed my cock and rubbed the head against her pouty pussy 
lips.  They seemed to part of their own volition, revealing a dark 
wet hole.  I pushed just the head in, shaking my whole cock with 
my hand.  Karen tried to push back onto me.  I held her back with 
my other hand.  "Let me play," I said.
     "But I want it in me," she pleaded.  "Let me take it in!"
     I removed the hand holding her off.  "Okay.  Push back," I 
told her.  She slowly moved her hips back, my cock sliding into 
her hot box.  I waited until I was balls deep, then lifted my hips 
off the chair to grind into her.  She let out a grunt.  I slowly 
dropped my hips back into the chair, pulling my cock out of her 
steamy cunt.  She raised up as my head cleared her lips.  But 
before she could start moving back onto me, I held her hips with 
both hands.
     "Oooh, nooo.  Let meee!" she begged.  "I want it so bad!"
     I moved one hand to my dick, guiding it to her asshole.  
"Payback time, sweetie," I said.  "I'm gonna fuck your ass this 
time!"  I positioned the purple head of my swollen cock right 
against her tight little bunghole.  "Now push back," I said.
     Karen didn't hesitate an instant.  As she pushed her hips 
back toward me, her anus seemed to open and swallow my prick.  
"Uhhhnnnn!" she grunted.  "Yessssss!  Fuck my ass with your big 
cock!  Push it in!  I want it all the way in!"
     I again lifted my hips, this time plunging my cock into 
Karen's hot ass.  She started writhing against me, bucking her 
hips.  Her hips started humping me, as my rod pumped in and out of 
her tight hole.  "Fuck me!  Fuck me!  Fuck me!" Karen cried in 
time to our thrusts.  I could feel my muscles tensing for orgasm.  
"I'm gonna cum.  I'm gonna cum in your ass!" I cried.
     "Yes!  Shoot your spunk up my ass!" Karen panted.  "Fill my 
ass with your cum!"  Her gyrations grew wilder.  I was pounding my 
cock into her, our bodies making a wet smacking noise with each 
thrust.
     "Aah!  Aaaah!  Aaaagggghhhh!"  I came hard, spewing my load 
deep into her bowels.  "Jesus!  Oh, fuck!  Yes!  Ooooh!  Aah!"
     I fell back into the chair, my dick popping out of Karen.  
She turned and laid on me in the chair.  She made a little moan of 
satisfaction as she snuggled her head against my shoulder.  "That 
was nice, Jurgie," she murmured.  I held her in my arms.  Yeah, it 
was nice.  A little kinky, but nice.
     After a few minutes, Karen got up, saying she needed to use 
the bathroom.  I said it wasn't a bad idea and got up with her.  
We walked down the hall together and went into the bathroom.  
Karen sat down on the toilet.  There was some wet noise and she 
wiped herself.  "I could really use a shower," she said.  "And I 
think you could, too."
     She stood up and reached into the shower, turning on the 
water, trying to regulate the temperature.  I quickly took a piss 
and flushed.  "You shit!" Karen said.  "Now the water temp is all 
screwed up."
     "Sorry," I said.  "I wasn't thinking."  I looked at Karen as 
she turned back to the shower.  God, she was in good shape.  Her 
back was well formed, curving nicely into a narrow waist and then 
flaring out a bit at the hips.  Her skin was smooth and clear, 
matured but still looking youthful.  I leaned over and kissed her 
back.  "You're really beautiful, you know.  I could lick your 
entire body."
     "After the shower," she said.  "Now get in here.  I want to 
lather you up!"

--
