Archive-name: 3plus/could5.txt
Archive-author: Biblinski
Archive-title: What Could Have Been... 5


Chapter 13

     I stepped into the shower and rubbed myself against Karen's 
back.  She turned around, soap in hand and began scrubbing my 
chest.  It quickly lathered and Karen spread the soapy suds over 
my body.  I simply stood and let her do all the work of soaping my 
entire body, as she was enjoying it so much.  Certain parts of me 
seemed to take her longer than others, but I didn't mind.  As she 
ran her slippery hands between my legs and into the crack of my 
ass, I flinched a little.  "A little sore still?" she asked.
     "Some, but it's not bad enough that I want you to stop," I 
replied.  My dick was beginning to stir.  Karen noticed almost 
immediately and began stroking its sudsy length with one hand as 
her other toyed with my anus, a slippery finger working itself 
past the anal ring.
     I leaned over and began massaging one of her ass cheeks with 
my right hand.  My left went to her breasts, pinching one nipple 
and then the other.  I slipped my right middle finger into the 
crack of her ass as I moved my left hand down to play with her 
pussy.  I easily pushed my finger into her juicy asshole.  She 
squirmed her ass against it, moaning gently.  As I began to pull 
on her still swollen clit, she turned us so the water was spraying 
against my soapy front side.  Her hips were grinding as I attacked 
her from both the front and the back.  She ran her tongue over my 
chest and nibbled on my nipples, making my cock jump a little.  Her 
stroking became more insistent and her probing a little more 
forceful.  I intensified my efforts.
     Her head descended, her mouth engulfing my throbbing cock.  I 
stretched to maintain contact with her ass and pussy.  She swirled 
her tongue around and around my cockhead, her hand steadily 
pumping the shaft.  Her head bobbed up and down as she switched 
from licking to sucking.  She made little popping noises every 
time she drew her head back off my cock.  The sensations of 
impending orgasm filled my groin.  I realized I was almost 
violently jamming my finger in and out of her ass and almost 
squeezing off her poor clit.
     Suddenly, I spurted.  And spurted again.  And again.  Karen 
hungrily sucked up the viscous fluid as she continued pumping my 
cock.  It was almost painful to let her continue, but she had no 
intentions of letting me stop her.  I had a couple more little 
spurts and started to lose rigidity.  Karen continued to stroke my 
softening penis, still pushing her ass against my hand.  I dropped 
to my knees in front of her and lifted one of her legs, draping it 
over my shoulder so I could get better access to her clit and 
pussy.  I closed my lips over her swollen button and gently ran my 
tongue over it.  Karen cried out, "Oooh, yessss.  Yessss!"
     I sucked her clit, pulling it into my mouth where I could 
close my teeth down on it.   I rolled it between my teeth gently, 
then let it pop back out.  I lapped at it, slurping as the shower 
water cascaded down over my face.  Karen held my head with her 
hands, pulling me closer against her.  I pushed my tongue down 
between her labia, and slipped into her pussy.  She was hot and 
wet, and quite tasty.

Chapter 14 

     I stuck my tongue as deep into Karen's sopping cunt as I 
could.  She grunted with pleasure.  Her hips started pumping back 
and forth against my mouth.  I withdrew my tongue and sucked her 
labia into my mouth, then stuck my tongue back.  Her hands held my 
head tight against her, as she fucked my tongue.  I kneaded her 
ass with both hands.  Then she let out a gasp, and a sigh.  Her 
hips grew still and she let my face pull away from her.  
     "You are sooo good, Jorgie," she said huskily, "I almost hate 
to let you quit."  I looked up into her temporarily sated face.  
She smiled and stroked my cheek.  "But it's getting really late, 
and I do need a little sleep before I go to work."
     Work!  I had almost forgotten that I had a job.  The long 
weekend I'd taken was about over.  "Oh yeah, work.  I was hoping 
it would go away and I could spend all my time here, making as 
many of you happy as I could."
     "Well, you've made me very happy," Karen replied.  "And I 
doubt I'll hear any complaints from Tse or Michelle.  You've made 
quite an impression."
     "Hey, I've never known three hornier, sexier women than you 
three.  If I died right now, I'd go knowing I had already been in 
heaven."  We stepped out of the shower and toweled off.
     Karen looked at herself in the mirror.  "This is one 
satisfied woman," she said, nodding.  Then she turned and looked 
me deep in the eyes.  "For now..."
     We walked back down the hall toward her room.  As we passed, 
a door opened and an incredibly long-legged, slender black woman 
stepped into the hallway, wearing nylon running shorts and a 
spandex crop top.  "Hi, Teresa," was all Karen said as we walked 
by and into her room.  She gently closed the door behind us.
     "Who was that, another roommate?" I asked.
     "That was Teresa, another roommate," she answered, mocking 
me.  "I suppose you'd like to get better acquainted with her, like 
you did with Michelle?"
     I blushed.  "Am I that obvious?" I asked.  "I mean, is there 
drool running down my chin or anything?"
     Karen chuckled, moving in close.  She lifted her head up and 
kissed me lightly on the mouth.  "No, sweetie, no drool.  It's 
just that you're male and Teresa has that effect on most males."
     I grinned and kissed her again.
     "I really need some sleep, Jorgie.  But you're welcome to 
stay," she offered.  "I tend to wake up hungry.  And I don't mean 
for breakfast."  She gave me a look that made my exhausted dick 
twitch.  Yes, a short rest and things would definitely be looking 
up.
     Karen pulled the covers and topsheet back and climbed into 
her bed, holding them open for me to join her.  I did and we 
cuddled against one another, relaxing in our tiredness.  We 
dropped off like babies.

Chapter 15

     I was dreaming that I was some kind of sultan, lounging 
around in an enormous tent, with beautiful harem girls surrounding 
me, their lush naked flesh exposed for my eyes to devour.  Two 
of them performed an erotic dance in front of me, caressing one 
another, teasing one another.  And suddenly I noticed that there 
was a warm, soft mouth engulfing my cock, sucking and gently 
gnawing me toward an orgasm.  The dancers were down on the 
cushions in front of me, bodies intertwined, mouths running over 
the landscape of the other's body.  Then one was moaning, gasping, 
panting, climaxing in a wail that seemed to be inaudible.  And I 
too was climaxing, shooting, spurting into that gentle mouth.
     I opened my eyes and saw Karen's head lifting from my rapidly 
deflating organ.  "Good morning," she said, a twinkle in her eye, 
"I told you I'd be hungry."  She sat up and smiled.
     I reached toward her, saying, "I could use a little to eat, 
myself!"  She moved back out of my reach.
     "No time, right now," she said.  "Much as I'd love it.  But I 
really have to get to work.  I just thought you'd like a special 
wake-up call."  She winked and got up.  She was fully dressed in a 
conservative grey suit, looking for all the world like a banker.  
She walked out of the room.
     I sat up, rubbed my eyes and smiled as I remembered the 
previous evening.  It all seemed like some wild fantasy you'd read 
in some magazine.  I got up and finding my clothes draped on the 
overstuffed chair, got dressed.  The clock on the dresser said it 
was 6:07 a.m.  I'd have to get moving if I was going to make it to 
work on time.
     I went out into the hall and down the stairs, looking for 
Karen, or any of the others, to say good-bye.  I found Michelle, 
wearing a bathrobe, in the kitchen, eating a peach.  "Good 
morning," I said.
     "Good morning to you, too," came her reply.  "Karen's already 
gone to work.  She certainly looked happy."  Michelle winked at me 
and took another bite.
     I grinned and said, "You look pretty happy yourself."  And 
gave her a wink.
     She grinned back.  "Damn," she said, glancing at the clock, 
"I'm going to be late for work."  She started to leave the room, 
then stopped in the doorway.  "I really enjoyed getting better 
acquainted with you.  Don't be a stranger, okay?"
     "I'll be back," I said.  "Real soon."  I gave her another 
wink as I turned to go out the back door.  I walked across the 
backyard toward my car.  Real soon.

--
