Archive-name: 3plus/could2.txt
Archive-author: Biblinski
Archive-title: What Could Have Been... 2


Chapter 4

     Before I had a chance to reach for my clothes, Tse had 
crossed the room and put her hands on top of my shoulders, pulling 
me down.  She stood on her tiptoes and I could tell she was going 
for a kiss.  I ducked my head down to give her a polite peck, but 
when our lips met, her little tongue pushed into my mouth.  The 
kiss lasted considerably longer than I had expected.  About the 
time I realized that Karen was sitting there on the counter, 
watching us, Tse broke the kiss and dropped back to the floor.  
"I'm pleased to meet you, Jurgen," she said as if mouth-groping a 
stranger was perfectly normal.  Maybe it was, for her.
     I looked over at Karen, who smiled.  I turned my head back to 
Tse and replied, "And I'm happy to meet you, Tse."  She was 
beautiful, but tiny, not more than five feet tall.  She wore a 
long sweatshirt with "Notre Dame" emblazoned across the front.  
Black lycra running tights showed below the sweatshirt.  When she 
smiled, her perfect white teeth showed between her dark red lips.  
Her features were oriental, but not completely, so I figured she 
was Amer-asian.
     Remembering that I was naked, except for my shoes and socks, 
I got my jeans off the floor and stepped into them.  When I 
straightened up, I caught Tse staring at my genitals.  Her look 
moved up to my eyes and she said, "I hope I get to know you 
better."  Things were getting a little strange.
     Then I remembered how Karen had introduce Tse.  "Wait, you 
said Tse was your wife?" I asked Karen.
     "Yes, although it's a little different from the usual sense 
of the word wife," she answered.  "Tse and I are involved in a 
marriage of sorts."
     "Hmm.  Whatever," I said.
     "Do you like fried rice, Jurgen?"  Tse asked.  "Or I could 
make spaghetti."
     "I love fried rice," was my reply.
     "Good, now get out of my kitchen, both of you.  I'll call you 
when supper's ready."  Tse took cammand of the kitchen and Karen 
slid off the counter and grabbed her clothes as we left the room.
     "She's very pretty," I said after we got into the livingroom 
and sat down on the sofa.
     "And very sexy, don't you think?" Karen said.  I gave her a 
puzzled look.  She just laughed.  "She has a lot of energy and we 
like to burn some up sexually from time to time.  She has some 
remarkable muscle control, and she's very imaginative."
     My mind flashed a couple images of Tse doing some very kinky 
things and felt my groin tighten.  I was somewhat surprised it had 
any energy left.  "Sounds kind of exciting," I murmured.  Karen 
looked down at my crotch.  There had definitely been some arousal.
     "Looks exciting, too," Karen said with a smile.  She got up, 
saying, "I'll go see how supper's doing."  She walked out of the 
room, still wearing only the lingerie outfit.  I watched her well 
muscled legs and ass disappear.  I felt myself get fully erect.
     Feeling uncomfortable in my clothes, I leaned down to remove 
my shoes and socks, then stood and dropped my jeans.  I laid them 
over the back of the sofa and sat back down.  My god, I thought, 
Karen is the best lover I'd had, and it's only been a few hours 
since we've been together.  My cock bounced as I thought of what 
had gone on in the kitchen.  I looked down at it, amazed I could 
still get hard after two massive orgasms.
     Karen had been gone for several minutes, with no call from 
the kitchen that supper was ready.  I got up and quietly went to 
the kitchen door.  Inside Karen and Tse were cooking, but it 
wasn't supper.  Karen had removed her clothes, revealing a 
smoothly curved back.  She was kneeling on one of the kitchen 
chairs, leaning over the table.  Tse was on all fours on the 
table, her clothes in a pile beside her.  Her tiny ass was thrust 
in the air and Karen was hungrily lapping at her pussy and 
asshole.  One of Karen's hands was busy between her own legs, 
three fingers wriggling in her hot cunt.  Tse was making little 
grunts and moans as Karen reamed her backside.
     I stood and watched the action for several minutes, slowly 
stroking my cock.  I was getting close to cumming, but I wanted to 
cum inside one of these hot blooded women.
     I walked over to the table on the side Tse was facing.  Her 
eyes fluttered open and she smiled through her moans.  She reached 
out her right hand and wrapped her fingers around my cock.  It 
looked enormous in her tiny hand.  She drew me closer and bobbed 
her head down.  Her mouth was hot and soft, and she sucked the 
head gently in and out.
     Karen must have changed what she was doing, because suddenly 
Tse sucked my cock into her mouth, scraping her teeth along the 
top.  She started frantically pumping me with her hand as her 
mouth seemed to writhe around the shaft.  I couldn't hold back and 
started cumming.  She pulled her mouth off and jacked me off onto 
her face.  Her whole body shivered as she popped her own orgasm.  
She kept hold of my dick and rubbed it over her cheeks, lips and 
chin as it softened.
     Then Karen appeared beside me and started to lick Tse's face.  
She lapped the cum that was dripping off Tse's chin loudly, making 
squishy, slurpy noises that caused a little pang in my nuts.  The 
two women started kissing wetly, licking one another.  I was about 
to step back and let them get started again, when Karen reached up 
and grabbed the back of my head and pulled my face next to Tse's.
     Soon the three of us were kissing one another, sharing semen, 
saliva and sweat.  Tse moved to sit on the edge of the table, as 
Karen and I continued standing.  Karen rubbed Tse's breasts with 
one hand and cupped my balls with the other.  Tse slid a finger 
into Karen's pussy and pinched my nipples with her other hand.  I 
reached my left hand behind Karen and worked my finger up her 
asshole.  My right thumb stroked Tse's clit.
     Things were rapidly heating up as Karen wiggled her ass 
against my finger, pushing it in deeper.  Tse started to stroke my 
cock with one hand and bite my nipples.  Karen worked a finger up 
my ass and started sucking on Tse's nipples.  I pushed two finger 
up into Tse, while still working her clit with my thumb.
     Tse was the first to cum.  She was biting my chest at the 
time and the pain combined with Karen's probing finger triggered 
me.  I shot a load onto Tse's leg, as she continued to stroke me.  
Karen's body bucked with her orgasm as Tse and I worked in unison, 
thrusting our fingers into Karen's cunt and anus.
     We all sat back, pooped out by so much intense sex.  Now I 
had two women who were the best sex partners I'd ever had.  
Slowly, Tse got off the table and excused herself.  Karen did the 
same, telling me where the downstairs bathroom was, in case I 
needed those facilities.  I did, and after I freshened up, I went 
into the living room to get my clothes.  Karen was sitting on the 
sofa, still naked, so I decided to skip getting dressed.
     "Tse's making supper," she said.  "For real this time."
     "Well, I've definitely got an appetite."
     "You certainly do," she said giving me a little peck on the 
cheek.  "You certainly do."

Chapter 5

     It was only fried rice, but it tasted fantastic.  Amazing 
what a little sensory stimulation can do for the flavor of food.  
After we had finished eating in the nude, we went into the living 
room to let our meal settle.  Karen sat down in a recliner that 
faced the sofa.  I took one end of the sofa, leaning into the 
corner, and Tse curled up next to me.  Tse had small firm tits, 
with dark red nipples that matched her mouth.  Her body was slim 
and muscular.  Running in a line down the fron of her stomach was 
the scar from a c-section.  It made me wonder how old she was.  
She could have been anywhere from 18 to 40.  Her pussy was barely 
covered by silky black hair, that stood out against her smooth 
creamy skin.  As we sat, I ran my hand through her hair and down 
her side, ending by stroking her scarred stomach.
     "Tse?" I said.  She turned her head to look at me.  "When did 
you get this?"
     "It'll be 18 years tomorrow," she answered.  "My daughter, 
Tsing, was too large for me to have naturally.  It was before the 
new "bikini-line" procedure, so I have this stripe up my stomach.  
But I wear it proudly."
     "18?  You can't be old enough to have a daughter that old!"  
I said.  Karen chuckled.
     "She's older than we are," Karen said, nodding her head.  "I 
know, I didn't believe it either, but she is."
     "It's my oriental blood.  We don't show age quite so fast."
     "You look like you have some caucasian.  What is your 
ancestry?" I asked.
     "My mother was half Hmong and half Irish American.  My father 
was half Chinese and half Cherokee," Tse explained.  "But I'm all 
American, and always horny."  Karen chuckled again.
     "I can vouch for that," she said.  "Not that I'm complaining.  
Quite the contrary.  It makes life interesting."
     I let my hand slide lower on Tse's abdomen, brushing her 
pubic mound.  She tilted her hips up slightly to let me know she 
was again in the mood.  I slid two fingers down to her clit, 
rubbing it between them.  She turned her head toward me and 
started tracing her tongue up along my neck toward my ear.  I 
slipped my fingers into her slit.  She found my ear and ran her 
tongue inside.  As I slowly pumped her, she nibbled and licked my 
earlobe, while rubbing my chest with her hand.
     "You make me very horny, Jurgen.  You make me want to cum," 
Tse hissed in my ear.  "Do you want to cum, too?"  Her hand moved 
down to my now erect cock.  She stroked the shaft.
     "Make me cum, Tse!  Make me shoot all over!" I breathed 
through clenched teeth.  I stepped up my finger-fucking, using my 
thumb to rub her clit.
     Tse turned her body so she could use both her hands on my 
crotch.  Doing so forced me to withdraw my fingers from her pussy, 
but I soon had them re-inserted from behind.  Now I used my thumb 
to massage her anus, slowly pushing past the puckered hole.  Tse 
brought her other hand to my balls and started squeezing them in 
rhythm with her stroking my cock.  The sensation was incredible.  
My body slid down on the sofa until my ass was on the edge of the 
seat, with my legs spread wide.              
     "Karen," Tse called.  "Come over here and help me.  Fuck his 
ass with your fingers!"  I looked over at Karen.  She was still 
masturbating with both hands, one working her clit, the other with 
four fingers buried inside her soaking cunt.  She got up, still 
rubbing her clit, and knelt between my legs.  Her head bobbed down 
on the end of my dick, leaving a big glob of spit, which Tse used 
to lubricate my shaft.  Karen ran her tongue down the shaft, over 
my nuts and between my legs.  She licked my asshole several times, 
then tried to push her tongue inside.  I cried out.  She continued 
rimming me for a minute or two, then pulled her face back.  Tse 
was sucking the head of my cock, while she stroked and squeezed.  
Karen eased two, then three fingers up my ass, slowly working them 
in and out.
     "Oh, god, this is fucking fantastic!" I moaned.  "Oooh god!"  
I could feel my orgasm start to build way down deep.  Karen seemed 
to sense it, too, and started massaging my prostate from inside my 
ass.  Tse stepped up the pace of the stroke/squeeze and sucked 
harder on the glans.  "I'm cumming!  I'm cumming!" I groaned.  Tse 
pulled her mouth off just as I started to spurt sticky goo.  Semen 
landed in Tse's hair, on my chest and all over Karen's face.  I 
just couldn't stop cumming!  Eight, nine, ten spurts and still the 
spasms in my loins went on.  There was less spunk shooting out, 
but the orgasms seemed to build in intensity.  My eyes rolled back 
in my head.  Thirteen, fourteen.  Things were getting fuzzy.  I 
could feel Karen and Tse still working my ass, balls and cock, but 
they seemed so far away.  And then they faded out too.  I was out.

Chapter 6

     I woke up to the sound of wet sex.  A woman was moaning and 
the rhythmic slapping of two bodies was speeding up.  The moans 
became "aahs" then rapid gasps as she started her climax.  "Oooh!  
Oooh!  Oooh!  Oooooooh, gawwwwd, aaa-aaa-aaa-aaaaaah!" her voice 
cried out.  The slapping kept up, like applause.  Then a low 
guttural grunting started.  "Uuhn!  Uuhn!  Uuhn!  Uuuhnn!  
Uuuuhnnn!  Uuuuhhhnnnn!" and the sound of breath escaping.  I 
slowly sat up and peeked over the top of the sofa.
     A totally freckled redhead lay beneath a large long-haired 
blonde man.  Her legs were clasped behind the small of his back, 
and her large breasts were crushed beneath his well-muscled chest.  
She was kissing his neck and whispering to him.  He turned his head 
and gave her a long hard kiss.  She squeezed him with her long, 
slender legs.  I dropped back down behind the sofa.
     I didn't know these people.  But then, I hadn't known Tse two 
hours ago.  I looked around, wondering where she and Karen had 
gone.  They had really worked me over.  I grimaced a little as I 
moved my butt.  My asshole was a little tender.  But as I thought 
of the intense pleasure the two had given me, a smile came to my 
face.  Overall, I felt damn good.
     I heard the couple behind the sofa getting up.  "I told you I 
could get you off again," the woman said a little triumphantly.
     "Well, yeah, but there's no way I could go for an even 
dozen," the man replied.
     "Is that a challenge?" she asked.
     "God, no," he said.  "Just let me recover for an hour or so, 
okay?"
     "I suppose," was her somewhat dejected answer.  "But I'm 
still horned up.  Maybe Tse's up for some fun."
     "Isn't she always?" he said.  "She's even hornier than you, 
and that's almost scary."
     "You complaining?" she said.
     "Oh, no, but I'm getting a little worried that my dick might 
wear away.  But, better to wear away than wither away."
     Their conversation had moved out of the living room into the 
hall.  I sat up with a slight wince.  Real tender.  I realized I 
was thirsty and got up.  I headed for the kitchen.  As I was 
making the corner into the hall, the redhead collided with me.  
Her freckled boobs were big and soft.
     "Excuse me," I said.
     "That's quite all right," she said.  She took a step back and 
looked me up and down.  Her eyes returned to my limp member.  
"That looks all right too."  She looked back up.  "I'm Michelle.  
And you're...?"
     "Jurgen.  Or Jurgie.  I'm a old friend of Karen's."
     "A close friend, by the way you're dressed."
     I blushed a little.  But I wasn't as uncomfortable standing 
in front of this beautiful stranger without a stitch on as I would 
have been that morning.  Something about this house and its 
occupants were loosening me up.
     "Closer than I thought.  But then, I hadn't seen her for a 
long time.  We got, ah, reacquainted."
     "I'll bet," she said.  Michelle smelled like sex.  But I 
suppose I did too.  Her mouth was still red from kissing and 
whatever else it had done.  The hair around her face was damp with 
perspiration.  She was looking me direct in the eyes.  It was a 
challenging look.  I knew what kind of challenges she liked.
     "I met Tse, too," I said.
     "Then I'm sure you got well acquainted with her, too," she 
said.  She got a pouty look.  "I'm beginning to feel left out.  We 
haven't gotten acquainted."
     I knew where this was leading.  What the hell!  I stepped 
forward.  "It's time we did.  I heard you mention you were still 
horned up.  Maybe I can try to dehorn you a little."
     "You can try," she said, smiling a little.  We were close 
enough that her nipples were brushing the hair on my chest.  The 
contact made them pucker and harden.  I was looking down into her 
eyes, so I missed the blonde man coming up behind her.
     He slid a finger between her legs.  Michelle pushed back 
against it, breaking her contact with me.  "Randy, this Jurgen.  
He's an old friend of Karen's and Tse's.  We were just about to go 
get better acquainted.  He says he wants to try to dehorn me a 
little."
     Randy nodded hello, still working his finger between 
Michelle's legs.  She was wriggling her hips now.  He looked down 
at my stirring cock and then back at me.  "Take care with your 
pecker there.  I went eleven times with her this afternoon, and 
she's just warming up.  She'll wear it right off if you let her."
     Michelle was still looking into my eyes, although hers were 
half closed as she was washed with the sensations from between her 
legs.  She gave a little grunt and jerked her hips back as Randy 
pushed his finger in one of her orifices.  Her breath started 
coming faster and she pumped her hips back and forth, fucking his 
finger.
     A shudder went through her as her eyes closed and her head 
tilted back.  A little cry escaped her lips.  Her pelvic thrusts 
slowed and her head came forward.  She breathed hard through her 
mouth as her lips formed a smile.  She licked her lips and looked 
down at my prick, which had stiffened, but wasn't really hard.  
She locked her eyes back on mine.  Randy came around from behind 
her and winked at me as he passed me, headed for the living room.
     "Come upstairs and fuck me," Michelle said.  "Now."

--
