Archive-name: 3plus/could3.txt
Archive-author: Biblinski
Archive-title: What Could Have Been... 3


Chapter 7

     Michelle took my hand and lead me up the stairs.  Her 
bedroom was at the back of the house overlooking the backyard.  I 
looked out.  It was getting dark.  Michelle lit a candle on the 
dresser and sat down on the bed.  "Come here," she said.
     I walked over in front of her, my cock at her eye level.  She 
reached up with her left hand and raised it to horizontal.  She 
leaned forward until her face was only two or three inches from 
it.  "This is a nice looking penis, Jurgie.  Not too big, not too 
small.  Just right."  She sniffed it.  "It's been in Karen."  She 
sniffed again.  "But not in Tse, yet."
     I was amazed at her olfactory ability.  She kept examining 
it.  "But I bet Tse had her mouth on it.  She likes to suck cock."  
She looked up at me.  "She likes to suck pussy, too."  My dick was 
hardening up as it lay on Michelle's hand.  "Do you like to suck 
pussy, Jurgie?"  I nodded.  "Would you like to suck mine?"  I 
answered by kneeling down in front of her.  She took my head 
between her hands and guided it to her crotch.  I started licking 
the tops of her thighs, then ran my tongue up onto her labia.  She 
lay back on the bed, moving her hands to the back of my head.  She 
ran her fingers through her hair as I licked up and down her slit.  
She was already wet.  I could smell the mixture of semen and her 
own juices.  It made me hornier.
     I fastened my lips around her clit and started sucking on it.  
It was big, almost as big as the tip of my little finger.  It was 
as if I was sucking a little cock.  I drew it into my mouth and 
swirled my tongue around it.  I lightly bit down on it and her 
hands pressed my head tighter against her.  I reached up and 
pinched her nipples.  They were bigger than her clit.  And very 
stiff.  I kept licking, sucking, biting and pinching until her 
hips started to twitch.
     I pulled my mouth off and moved down onto her soaking hole, 
plunging my tongue into it.  She had her fingers tangled in my 
hair, pulling on it.  I kept tongue-fucking her musky cunt.  I 
slid my hands down from her bush and rolled her clit between my 
two index fingers.  Her hips shook.  I pinched it with one hand 
and slid the other hand down under her ass.  I pushed a thumb 
against her anus.  It relaxed at the pressure and almost sucked my 
thumb in.  Her hips were rolling against my head and hands and I 
could hear her breath coming in short fast pants.
     I rammed my thumb in and out of her asshole and squeezed her 
clit hard.  Her whole body started to tremble and she started 
making little noises.  "Yeh, yeh, yeh, yeh, yeh, oh god, oh god, 
oh god, aah, aah, aaaaahhhhh!"  Her hips lifted off the bed and 
ground against my face.  They fell to the bed then shot back up as 
she cried, "Yes! Yes! Yes! Oooooooohhhh!"
     Her hips fell to the bed again and she pulled my head up.  I 
moved my body up onto hers and we kissed.  Hard.  And deep and 
wet.  She was incredibly turned on and I could tell this was going 
to be another hot fuck.

Chapter 8

     She slid a hand down between us and grabbed my dick.  I 
lifted up to give her better access.  I was like a rock and she 
pistoned her fist up and down the shaft.  She pulled me up towards 
her chest.  "Kneel over my stomach!" she ordered.  I moved up, 
putting one knee on either side of her torso.  She laid my cock 
between her big tits.  One hand moved down to her pussy.  She 
brought it back up and rubbed the juices over my cock and on her 
boobs.  She repeated the motion, lubricating her chest.  Then she 
pushed her freckled globes together, trapping my throbbing dick 
between them.  "Fuck me!" she said.  "Fuck my titties!  Shoot your 
cum on my tits!"
     I did as I was told and started to slide back and forth 
between those soft orbs.  "Faster!" she said, so I stepped up the 
pace.  She started meeting my thrusts with her chest, pushing her 
boobs up and down while holding them together.  She leaned her 
head down and snaked her tongue out.  On my outstroke, my cockhead 
met her tongue.  She scrunched her head down further, so she could 
get her mouth around the tip with every stroke.  Each time she 
sucked hard on the head, making a popping sound when it pulled 
out.
     The intensity of the feelings brought me to the edge quickly.  
Suddenly, I was spewing cum.  Michelle let go of her breasts and 
sucked my cock completely into her mouth, swirling her tongue 
around, sucking the cum out with every spasm I had.  She noisily 
sucked my dick, moaning and slurping.  As I softened, she 
continued to work her mouth on my prick.  Finally, she released me 
from her mouth and looked up at me.  "That was nice," she said.  
"Your cum isn't as salty as Randy's.  And there was so much of 
it!"
     "That surprises me.  After the monster orgasm Tse and Karen 
gave me, I thought I'd be empty," I said.
     "Tell me about the monster orgasm.  Did Tse suck you?" she 
asked.  I told her how Tse had jacked and sucked me as Karen 
finger-fucked my ass, until I passed out.
     "I wish I had been there.  You could have been eating me.  
You're really good at eating pussy, you know.  Anytime you get 
hungry for it, let me know and I'll be there."
     "Did you really fuck Randy eleven times this afternoon?" I 
asked.  "That seems like a lot!"
     "Well, actually, we only fucked seven times.  I sucked him 
off twice and jacked him off once." she answered.
     "That's only ten," I remarked.
     "I talked him off the first time," she smiled.
     "Talked him off?" I asked.
     "Yeah, I told him how horny I was and what I was going to do 
to him, and where I was going to do it, and what he was going to 
do to me, and where he was going to do it, and he shot his load in 
his pants."  She smiled at me, quite proud of herself.
     "Sounds like you can use your mouth for more than 
cocksucking," I said, "which alone is a talent worthy of respect."
     Michelle giggled and said, "Why thank you.  It's always nice 
to be respected in the morning."
     I laughed.  I liked this woman.  She was open and straight 
forward, but still had a sense of humor.  It's good when a woman 
can make you laugh and cum.  "So what's your story?  How'd you get 
mixed up with Karen and Tse?  And who's Randy?"  I was full of 
questions.

Chapter 9

     "I met Karen and Tse at a Halloween party at Randy's.  Randy 
and I had been seeing each other for a couple weeks, and the party 
was a way for us to get to know each other's friends.  I wore a 
little French maid's costume, with a really short skirt, a garter 
and stockings.  Randy wore a mechanics overalls, complete with 
grease on his face.  I was teasing him all night long, giving him 
little peeks of my bare ass.  I wasn't wearing any panties.  I 
think he had a hard-on most of the night.  He kept telling people 
it was his monkey wrench."  She laughed.
     "Karen showed up in a little bodybuilder's outfit.  She had 
been working out a lot and actually looked like a bodybuilder.  
She was hot.  Tse dressed up like a nurse.  She looked so prim and 
proper.  I never in a million years would have suspected she was 
such a sex fiend.  Anyway, those two ended up out at the picnic 
table in Randy's backyard with Randy and I.  Randy introduced 
them, and we sat out there and talked for hours.  Randy was 
playing with my pussy under the table, and I kept stroking his 
cock.  I was so horny, I could have fucked him right there, but I 
didn't want to shock Karen and Tse.
    "It was getting real late and everybody else had gone home.  
Randy suggested firing up the hot tub.  I was a little pissed 
because I wanted to stuff Randy's meat up my pussy, and I wanted 
some privacy.  Well, Karen and Tse were up for the hot tub, so I 
said okay.  The next thing I know, they're both peeling off their 
clothes and running for the tub.  I had been admiring Karen's body 
all night, so I pretty much knew what she looked like.  That 
bodybuilder's outfit wasn't very big.  But I was really surprised 
at how sexy Tse was.  Nice little ass and sweet little titties.  I 
get horny just thinking about it, now."
     "Sounds like you'd fooled around with women before," I said.
     "Not really.  I'd touched a girlfriend's boobs in high 
school, but she didn't like it, so that scared me off.  But I 
liked to look at naked girls.  It used to get me wet almost as 
much as looking at naked boys."
     "And now?" I asked.
     "Now, I'm wet all the time."  She reached a hand down between 
her legs and drew out a wet finger.  She touched it to my lips.  
"See?"
     I licked her finger.  "You were talking about the hot tub," I 
reminded her.
     "Oh yeah.  Karen and Tse were both naked in the tub, and 
Randy had gone around to turn on the water jets and filter pump.  
I took off my costume and walked over to the tub.  Karen and Tse 
were sitting across from one another, so Randy and I would have to 
sit in between both of them.  That irritated me a little, but 
those two looked like they were out for some fun, so I figured, go 
for it!
     I slipped in the water and the three of us watched as Randy 
unzipped his overalls and let them fall back over his shoulders.  
He had been a swimmer in college and he still had a nice sleek, 
hard body.  His hard-on bobbed a little as he stepped into the 
tub.  Karen and Tse had their eyes glued to his cock.  He stood 
there a couple seconds, giving them plenty of viewing time and 
then sat down.  I stretched my legs out to touch Randy and ran 
into legs blocking my way.  You couldn't see under the water, so I 
asked whose legs they were.  Karen said they were hers.  I asked 
her to move them and Tse said not quite yet.  I looked at her and 
she was starting to breathe faster.  I looked over at Karen, who 
just smiled.  Tse started to make little whimpering noises and 
then she stiffened and cried out.  She smiled and said it was okay 
for Karen to move her legs now.  I couldn't believe what they had 
just done.  But it made me horny again.
     "Randy looked at the surprise on my face and told me that 
Karen and Tse were close friends and that he had even shared some 
time with them.  Tse moved closer to Randy.  I looked at each of 
them and they just smiled.  Then I said maybe it was time for me 
to share something with them, too, and moved closer to Karen.  She 
turned her head toward me and our mouths met.  I had never kissed 
a woman before, but it felt like I'd done it for years.  We 
explored each others' bodies with our hands.  It felt so good for 
Karen to touch my breasts.  My whole body quivered.  Then she 
leaned down and started to suck my nipples and I was on fire.  I 
tipped my head back and started moaning.  She slipped her hand 
between my legs and started to stroke my pussy.  I came right 
then.  I cried out and then someone was kissing me.  I opened my 
eyes and it was Tse.  We kept kissing while Karen sucked my 
nipple and fingered my pussy.  I looked over at Randy and he was 
grinning like an idiot.  Tse stood up on the seat and wiggled her 
butt in Randy's direction.  Randy got up, gave his cock a couple 
good strokes and slid it into Tse's cunt.  So here's Tse, kissing 
me while Randy's fucking her and Karen's sucking my tit and poking 
her finger up my slit.  I was in heaven.  It couldn't get any 
better.  Of course, I was wrong."
     "Randy said he was going to cum, so Tse reached back, pulled 
him out of her and brought his cock up to my face.  She started 
jacking him and he shot a load all over me.  Karen stopped sucking 
my tit and started licking the cum off my face.  Tse helped her 
and Randy sat back across the tub.  I wanted to get off again, and 
I was ready to try anything."

--
