Archive-name: country
A day in the country
It is one of fall's indian summer days and we decide to indulge in
one of the last warm sunny days by taking a ride. Today I insist that
you wear a dress which is made of a light cotton, ties up the bodice,
and has a short flirty skirt. You try to protest claiming that while
the day is warm there is still a cool breeze. We settle that you
should wear your leather jacket and press close to me while riding.
primarily uneventful as road winds sharply and any
distractions could be deadly. The speed is high and I can feel you
pressed to me. I start to slow down, you attempt to scream above the
wind and the engine but your words fly away. I turn down a small road
curving into a small clearing by a lake. You gently dismount so I can
put the bike on the center stand. A smile crosses your face as you
comprehend the action. You mount the bike, only this time placing your
arse on the gas tank, facing me. I can smell your excitement and push
your skirt up to reveal a pair of frilly bikini underwear. Your bush
pokes out of the sides and strains against the fabric. You moan
suggestively in anticipation of what will be next. Instead I untie
your bodice to reveal an equally exquisite bra. I pull one globe out
and suck and lick it with my tongue. You arch your back and push
towards me trying to move my hand back to your aching cunt. This is
what I've been waiting for. I grab it and quickly encapture it with a
handcuff. Pulling behind your back I grab your other hand and tighten
the cuff on it. Your face expresses many emotions surprise, excitement,
wonder and fear. You feign being upset and squirm against your bonds.
You even plead to be let go secretly hoping I don't.
seduction by nibbling on your neck and earlobes. I hear
you sigh and feel your hot breath in my hair. Gently I pull you from
the bike--we'll save that for another day. Instead I lean you over the
seat, your stomach resting on it, and your bottom exposed. Once again
I raise your skirt. This time I pull your panties off exposing your
arse and bush. You whine and prance like a mare in heat, begging to be
entered. But there is more in store for you. I reach into my saddlebag
and pull out a battery operated razor. You protest, but you know that
jumping around is not a safe move. I ease the hair away with the
razor despite your protests. Indeed you are quite wet from this. Your
juices makes the hairs stick to the razor and I stop to pull them out.
I continue until most of the hair is off but you are far from bare.
Now I grab the rest of the toys and help you up from the bike. I lead
you towards the lake and tie a rope around the cuffs and then attach
you to a tree.
I stop again and apply shaving cream to your stubbly
pussy. Your eyes widen as you realize what is next. Now I have a razor
and use my hands to shave you. You get jumpy as I near your precious
clitoris. In fact, you're remarkably still but shaking. Juice runs
from your cunt in a stream and forms a small puddle on the ground near
your arse.
Once you're neat and clean I wipe you dry. Your pussy is so
beautiful and now very sensitive. I just breath on it and you quiver.
I use a mirror to show you and use my tongue to make you enjoy it
more. You don't say anything but I know that you love seeing this in
the mirror. I push my beard against your hood and you gasp loudly.
Your juice runs again and I place one then two, three and four fingers
inside you, finger fucking until my whole hand is drenched. Then I
bring it to your mouth where you hungrily lap it off, sucking my
fingers.
Now you're begging to be fucked. Your body writhes and twists. You
moan and promise me everything. I'll get it anyway. I lead you back to
the cycle and lean you over it again. I drop my jeans quickly and
position myself between your legs. Then I start the engine. The
vibration of the motor against your cunt drives you crazy and you buck
and roll against the seat pushing your arse out to me. I enter you
slowly teasing you. In, in, in, in, in. Still by balls have not
slapped you. In and in. I remain motionless while you roll your hips
and try to move forward. I reach around and cup your mound, my fingers
finding your clit. I roll it gently in time to the engine. Then BANG.
I pull out and fuck you hard. You gasp feeling my pubic hair tickle
your skin. BANG, again I fuck you hard until your body explodes with
multiple orgasms. Still I have not come. You're so sensitive now that
I keep making you come by simply moving.
I now release the cuffs and help you onto the tank. I then mount.
You force your acing cunt onto me and gasp as my pubic hair now
tickles your clit. We rock back and forth and wen I'm about to come
you pull off, lean over and eat my cream. I pulsate for a minute. We
get off the bike and I get a blanket for us to rest on until we gain
strength for more.
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------

