                  Young Hot Passions
                     by Sleazy Liz

     With a loud sigh, the slender, tall, handsome Rick lifted himself up
on his hands and knees, his back bowed slightly as he looked down beneath
him, and smiled as he saw the reason for his pleasure.
     There below his hard, flat stomach he could see the thick furry shaft
of his huge cock just before it disappeared into the most lovely girl he
had ever known.
     As he slowly, but firmly thrust his hips upward, causing that fat
shaft to sink into that dainty little body, he felt her lift her body up
off the bed in an effort to receive as much of his cock as she possibly
could.
     Rich could not help but remember so many years ago, when he first met
Janine.  The daughter of his favorite aunt and uncle, they met while hardly
3 years old, and in less than a year had entered into a most unique
relationship.  Even before they reached their teen years, while in the
house playing "doctor" they would often undress and while sitting on the
edge of Rick's bed, they allowed each other to closely examine each other's
body.  Even when Rick enjoyed kneeling on the floor, spreading Janine's
thighs apart, to thoroughly examine that tiny vagina, they both loved the
contact.  When it was Janine's turn, with as much interest as he had shown
towards her, she reached over and grasped that then small, soft cock in her
hand, and with a soft giggle she would follow Rick's suggestion and slowly
learned to masturbate her cousin, causing that shaft to swell and harden. 
Then Rick would twist and jerk all over the bed, trust his hips up and down
against her stroking hand, and then gasp and fall limply to the bed.
     On several occasions, she would again follow his suggestions, and lay
flat on her back, her legs spread wide apart while her handsome cousin lay
flat on top of her, rubbing that hard cock against the outside of her
tingling pussy.   They both had a fear of "going too far" although they
were highly aroused, and knew that they each wanted to have intercourse.
     Then, when they were about 10, and as a result of Rick finding an
adult magazine, they viewed the photos of the men and women, Rick took it
upon himself, while laying on top of Janine, to move until his head was
between her long, slender legs, and for no reason, he immediately pressed
his lips against his cousin's little hairless pussy, and for the first time
she came to her first orgasm as she felt Rick's tongue slipping in and out
of her still virgin pussy.  Even as a youngster, the response to the
delicate taste and odor of her pussy was such that Rick kept it up until
she began to quiver, shake all over his bed, and finally she cried out with
joy, lifting her legs high, spreading them wide, and with a long groan,
collapsed on the bed.
     Later that same evening, in an effort to show her affection, Janine
asked Rick if she could "help him feel as good as he had made her feel" and
he immediately said yes, remembering some of the other pictures, where the
women had given the men oral sex.   Without hesitation, Janine knelt
between his bare legs, took that soft cock in her hand, lowered her head,
and slid that prick into her mouth and began using her tongue around and
around the tip.  Within about 30 seconds, she had licked it to the hardest
they ever saw it.  And half a minute later, Rick stiffened, jerked on the
bed and began pumping that shaft deep into her soft mouth hard and fast
until he gave a squeal and collapsed on the bed, exhausted.
     Shortly after these regular encounters as children, Janine's parents
moved, and it was only this summer, after their 14th birthday, that Rick's
parents drove across the country to visit Janine's family for the first
time in almost 4 years.
     Janine sure had grown up a lot, now a tall slender girl, very well
built, with beautiful, well formed breasts, lovely blonde hair, blue eyes,
and exquisite long slender sexy legs.  
     The two cousins couldn't wait to be alone together, and with wonderful
luck, the parents had decided to play golf and dine at the country club on
their second day there.
     That morning, Janine was wearing an old pair of cut-off blue jeans,
and a T shirt that revealed she was not wearing any bra under it.
     "Shit," Rick thought as he glanced down, noticing that her once
skinny, boney legs were now really something, long, slender, but with the
sexiest curves he could imagine.  He could hardly keep his eyes off the
crotch of her jeans, seeing how the tight material of her shorts had pulled
deeply into the wide slit of her vagina, outlining those lovely labia, that
he had learned to suck so well.  Unconsciously, by instinct, the young man
reached down to his own loins, and tugged on his already swollen cock,
feeling the wonderful feelings as his fingers caressed against his
sensitive cock head.
     He heard Janine laugh softly, and looking up at her face, saw how she
was already staring down at his old worn, tattered, and too tight blue
jeans, watching that limp slender shaft grow longer, thicker, harder as he
responded to her sexy appearance.
     "I guess we can't forget the good times we've had," said Rick, as he
boldly looked down at his hard cock, and in full view of Janine, wrapped
his fingers around it, squeezing it, and causing it to swell even harder,
showing the young girl how thick and fat it really was.  In fact she could
not only see the full outline of his cock, but also the fat bulge of his
huge sperm-filled balls.  And then in front of her eyes, she saw a small
pinpoint wet spot work through the material in the area of his cock tip,
and watched that spot grow larger and darker as his cock began to ooze with
his pre-love juices.
     "Remember how we used to like to do those wonderful things all the
time?" sighed Rick as he returned his glance to her crotch, noticing that
he could see up under the material of her short shorts, and see the sexy
white material of her half transparent panties.  So transparent, that the
young man could already see those soft, thick pussy lips and especially the
entrance to her hot looking love nest.
     "Yes, gosh, I used to lay in my bed and pretend we were married and
that we did it all day and night, never, never stopping," sighed Janine as
she felt her body blushing as she recalled those times when he would orally
stimulate her for hours, and then rub that hot cock against her pussy,
sending both of them into sexual fantasies.
     Then Rick just had to do something, and as they talked, he reached
forward, placing his warm hand on Janine's soft inner thigh, and squeezed
the warm flesh, and began to slide his hand upward, closer and closer to
her vagina, up under the material of her short shorts, until his fingertips
brushed against that silky material of her panties.
     In his excited condition, the young man could feel the warmth, and
moisture that bathed his finger tips as they caressed the soft fat lips of
her labia.
     They both looked at each other, and knew they did not have to say a
single word, and slowly, they rose from the couch, and walked up to
Janine's bedroom.  Stopping at the side of her bed, she turned, tugged her
T shirt and raised it over her head.  Where once he remembered only a
skinny, flat chest, he now saw those exotic, small, but exquisite breasts,
tipped with those pink, aroused nipples that were hardening as she stood
there.
     Then she hooked her thumbs in her shorts and panties, and together
they slid off her long slender legs, and she stepped free of them, standing
naked before her lover.
     Just as fast, Rick unbuttoned his shirt, unfastened his belt, and
unzipping his fly, he thrust his entire clothing from his body, and like
Janine, stood completely naked, his cock acting like a bridge, attempting
to reach the inches between them.
     Taking his hand in her's, Janine backed to her bed, and lay back on
it, spreading her legs wide, remembering how enthusiastic he used to be as
he often used his tongue in that once childish vagina.
     Now Rick looked down at that teenaged pussy, noticing that it still
had only a tiny amount of pubic hair growing above it, and while she was
already so highly aroused, her pussy still looked totally virgin like,
those thick lips just hinting of the pleasure they were capable of
producing, and for some seconds, Rich had serious doubts that he would be
able to "take her" with his huge, thick shaft.
     Quickly kneeling between her wide open thighs, Rich used his hands to
press her inner thighs wide apart, and with a sigh, he used his fingers to
spread apart her labia, and yes, there IT was.  That tiny, but visible
clitoris, that super sensitive clit that would be the cause of her ultimate
orgasm.
     The exotic intoxicating fragrance from her vagina struck his nostrils,
and he immediately felt his cock twitch and harden as he sat on the floor,
squatting between her warm legs, and with one final look at that hot, sexy
pussy, he leaned forward, and sticking out his tongue, he flicked it up and
down, around in swift circles, as he sought that love bump, and almost
instantly brought a cry of joy from her lips as she felt herself becoming
so aroused, she was almost afraid of reaching her orgasm in less than a
minute.
     "Ooooohhhh", she thought, "he's so much better now than he was before. 
If he keeps this up, I'm going to 'cum' in a minute.  I just can't help
myself."
     At this point, Rick felt the soft flesh around her slit opening,
allowing that love bump to come out in the open, and as his tongue caressed
it, he could feel and taste that delicious love cream slowly oozing from
her vagina.  It made him so hot, that he eagerly licked every drop from
her, and swallowed it.
     This made Rick so hot, that he reached down, and grasping his now
super hard cock, wrapping his fingers tightly around it, squeezing it just
behind his cock head, he groaned as he felt his balls swelling, and he knew
that he would soon have to go "all the way" with Janine, or he would die.
     Moments later, he could feel his balls tighten, and large drops of
wet, slick, warm juice began to ooze from his cock head, and covered his
whole hand, and that cock became super slick. 
     For many many years Rick always loved to find a nice quiet place, and
while alone, he would masturbate, at least two or three times a day.  He
was an expert at bringing himself to the utmost climax, knowing just how
and where to finger the upper most tip of his cock until his fingers were
soaked with his juices.  Up to now, he never even thought he could do
anything that could feel better than his simply jerking himself off, but as
he licked that yummy pussy, smelling and tasting those juices flowing from
it, he now realized that it was finally going to be so much better.
     He raised his head slightly, still maintaining his tongue deep in that
pussy, watching how Janine twisted and churned her hips as she finally
raised her legs way up up into the air, bending them at the knees and hips
until she reached up and wrapped her slender arms around her knees, and
brought her upper thighs back down until they both pressed sharply down
into her small, firm, but well rounded breasts.
     This caused the lovely girl's back to arch up, bringing her buttocks
way up off the bed, and the angle better permitted him to work that tongue
even deeper and deeper into that luscious pussy.
     But by now, both Rick and Janine were both so fully aroused that oral
stimulation was not quite enough for them, and scrambling to his feet, the
slim, handsome youth stood erect, facing her lovely body, and grasping his
cock, he arched his back forward until the tip of that shaft began to ease
just within her lovely pussy lips, and he slid that cock up and down,
brushing large quantities of his oozing sperm deep into her pussy,
lubricating it to permit his eventual penetration.
     Raising her lovely head, Janine looked down at that cock, herself
wondering if it were possible that something so long and especially so
thick, could possibly be worked into her still virgin pussy.  As Rick
leaned forward, pressing harder and harder, she felt her lips being split
apart, wider and wider until she could see that the flesh of her pussy was
turning white from the strain.  "Yes!" she thought, "he's gonna do it, he's
gonna do it."  As she watched that cock slip slightly more and more into
her.
     Then Rick hesitated for just a second, bracing himself, and making
sure is cock was in just the right position he grasped her by her still
rather boney hips, and with first one shove, rammed several inches into
that wet, hot pussy.
  
     He almost cried with delight as he felt the hot, wet tight opening of
her cunt gripping tightly around his cock head.  Then he actually felt the
tip of his cock come up against something elastic and stretchy.  He
realized that Janine was still a virgin, and he had been stopped by her
"cherry."
     He was thrilled she had saved it for him!
     Bracing his body again, he paused, and then really shoved once more,
feeling that spear shaped cock head piercing that flesh, and tearing
through it as he plunged over half way into that wet tunnel. 
     Then Rick paused, regrouped, and with one final shove, he groaned as
he felt his perspiration-soaked belly smack down against her equally firm,
flat belly, and there was a loud sound.  At the same time Janine grunted as
he almost knocked all the breath out of her, and she was just getting over
the feeling of slight discomfort as his cock had ruptured her hymen,
tearing through and surging almost to her womb.
     The young man looked down at his lover, and saw how his cock was now
fully buried deep in her, how the soft wet lips of her pussy were
completely surrounding the base of his cock, almost devouring that muff of
blondish hair.
     Gently, Rick grasped her upper legs, and spreading them to the utmost,
he was able to move her legs until the back her knees were up over his
shoulders, and she groaned, and wrapped her legs up around  Rick's neck,
and was now able to use her strong legs to tug him down against her body,
sending his cock charging full length into her.
     Immediately Rick began plunging his lower body up and down,
withdrawing that cock almost fully from her pussy, until only the tip of it
remain in her.  Then he plunged back into her and within moments, he could
see and listen to the 'slurping' sounds as her already drenched pussy had
completely coated his cock with her flow of love juices.
     The two teenagers now, oblivious to each other, as they concentrated
entirely on bringing the greatest amount of sexual pleasure to themselves.
     Young Janine reached down with her small hands, grasping her tiny,
firm breasts in them, squeezing, twisting them, while her fingertips
grasped her nipples and she pulled and twisted them, stretching them until
she winched with the pain, yet it made her feel so much more aroused as she
grunted and groaned with passion as she twirled and pumped her buttocks as
far and as fast as she could in an effort to make that cock work as deeply
into her pussy as it would go.
     In the meantime, Rick bent his head back, staring straight at the wall
at the head of the bed, as he could feel the soft, wet, warmth of her tight
pussy sucking so firmly around his cock as he fucked as hard and fast as he
could, feeling like he was banging that cock head up against the neck of
her womb, only an inch from her tiny dimpled belly button.
     Soon the room was filled with the sound of their fucking, and the
sound of their voices as they responded to their love making.
     When Janine again looked down at her lower body, she was surprised at
the tremendous amount of force he was using to screw her, so unlike the
"sweet, gentle person" she had often been led to believe happened between
men and women.  She watched her almost hairless pubic region plunging up
and down in rhythm with his, amazed at how her "pretty" pussy was being
distorted as he plunged that shaft in and out of it.  When he withdrew his
cock, leaving on the head of it within her, it actually sucked the flesh
from her inner vaginal area, outside the now inflamed labia fully exposing
her clitoris which was being massaged by her outer lips, and then as Rick
shoved that thick shaft forward into her, all that flesh disappeared, and
in fact so did half those lips, being stuffed deep within her love channel.
     "Ooooohhh Rick, I'm gonna cum I think", she gasped as she felt the
sudden onslaught of a tingling so much like when she frequently
masturbated.  Only this time it was much more intense, causing the inner
stomach and vaginal muscles to quiver and clench involuntary as they
responded to the beginning of her orgasm.  She was having the sensations of
being on a tingling, vibrating roller coaster as she felt herself being
thrust up up into the air, as her whole pubic area simply thrilled as she
felt her orgasms swell.  Then like a feather, she slowly, gently descended
down, down into something soft and warm.  But then she rose again, this
time even higher than the first time.  
     Rick only knew that the muscles that were quivering within her vaginal
area were almost acting like a milking machine, squeezing and drawing that
feeling from deep within his loins, and concentrating it at the tip of his
cock until he groaned every time the tight opening of her vaginal entrance
clenched around his cock head.
     Their body's were now soaked with perspiration now, his belly making
loud slapping sounds as he fucked harder and faster than he ever had in his
life.
     Then Janine flung one arm across her mouth in an effort to contain her
loud scream as she felt her ultimate feelings swell and she stiffened,
thrusting her legs upward, almost lifting Rick off her.  She remained taunt
for several moments, and then Rick saw her eyes blink, close and slowly she
collapsed, falling limply, flat on the bed, her legs falling off his
shoulders, and laying alongside his still pumping body.
     Almost a moment later, the youth felt his cock quiver, swell, and he
groaned as he felt the hot, burning liquid spurting from his scrotum,
charging for his cock, and pausing only a minute, the opening burst wide,
and he sprayed charge after charge of his thick, hot white juices deep
within her still quivering vagina, feeling it fill that cavity, and then
completely surrounding his cock, and slowly oozing out from around his
cock, and onto the bed beneath her.
     Rick bit his lip, feeling his eyes blur, and rolling back into her
head, as one dizzy spell after another hit him as his lower body still
rhythmically pumped for about another minute, and then he lost muscular
control.
     With a final sigh, he felt his body wilt, as he lost control over
himself, and with a long sigh, he fell onto his young lover, and with a
final lush and twist he forced his still firm cock deep into her, in an
effort to prevent it from ever coming out.
     And in that position, they both lay there, panting, almost sobbing
with pure delight as their bodies attempted to recover from the greatest
thrill they had ever experienced.
     For the rest of their three week vacation, Janine and Rick spent every
possible minute with Rick's hard cock buried in Janine's tight cunt.  
     Their parents often commented how happy they were that the teenagers
seemed to get along so well together!

     ###########################
    #    Only the very best   #
   #         EROTICA         #
  #  from the collection of #
 #       J. BOSWELL        #
###########################