

                                 COUSINS

                 A family love fantasy by Day Dreamer

                                Chapter II


         Laurie lay there on the sofa, eyes half-closed, totally
         relaxed.  Her running shorts were pulled slightly aside, the
         hem of her tee-shirt was up to her neck, and her legs were
         spread apart.  To me, she was the most beautiful, sensual
         girl in the world.  I wanted to see more of her, though.  I
         wanted to see her as I saw her in my dream: stretched out
         with nothing at all on.

         She opened her eyes wide and looked up at me.  "I didn't know
         anything could feel that good.  Thank you for doing that to
         me.  Now I know what girls mean when they talk about
         'coming'."

         Seeing Laurie reclined like that, I couldn't help but say,
         "Do you know I dreamed about you the other night?"

         "You did?"  Pleased, Laurie asked, "What was the dream
         about?"

         "Well, you were stretched out like you are now, but you were
         completely nude.  Not one stitch of clothes or shoes."

         She was silent for a moment, thinking of what I said.  Then
         in a small, soft voice she said, "Would you like for me to
         make your dream come true?"

         "Yes," I whispered.  Laurie then sat up and in one sweeping
         motion pulled her tee-shirt over her head.  She stood up and
         was reaching for her shorts when I stopped her.  "Wait,
         Laurie.  Please, let me do that."

         Laurie looked puzzled, but then she smiled softly.  "Yes,"
         she said very slowly, "that would be nice.  I would like for
         you to finish undressing me."

         I gently pressed Laurie back down on the sofa, then down onto
         her back.  I took off her shoes and socks slowly, running my
         hand up her calf and thigh after each sock and each shoe.
         Her breathing became faster and her thighs quivered slightly
         with each stroke.

         Then there was just her shorts and panties to go.  When they
         went, not only would my dream come true, not only would I be
         seeing my first live nude woman, but I would be seeing in
         totality the most beautiful girl I knew.  My hands trembled
         and my heart beat faster as I reached for the waist of her
         shorts.  I took hold of them and gently started tugging them
         down.  They stuck when they reached her buttocks, but Laurie
         helped by lifting herself so the shorts could finish sliding
         down.  Finally, down to her feet, then off and on to the
         floor.  Now, only her panties were left.

         Her panties were just as I had imagined--pale blue bikini,
         cut high in the hips with a French cut.  The whole crotch
         area was soaked and was almost completely transparent.  I
         could see swirls of pubic hair and I could dimly see the
         crease that split the three-inch splay between her legs.
         I could smell Laurie, too.  A rich, musky, but still pleasant
         odor welled up from her.  For the first time, I experienced
         the aphrodisiac aroma of a woman sexually aroused, a woman in
         heat.

         I tugged further at the silken panties, pulling them down in
         the same way I had done the shorts.  Slowly, they came down,
         inch by inch, revealing Laurie's softly rounded tummy.  The
         first curl of pubic hair appeared, then a whole swatch.  My
         hands shook as I pulled the fabric down even more.  There it
         was--the beginning of the crease between Laurie's legs, the
         swollen lips of her saturated pussy that the view through her
         panties had only hinted of.  I tugged the panties down more,
         down to her thighs.  Her whole pussy was there right in front
         of my face.  I paused, taking in the vision, revelling in the
         sight and smell of Laurie's sexual core.

         I came back to my senses then and pulled the panties down
         over her legs and feet, caressing the thighs and legs as I
         went.  I wadded up the panties and put them to my nose,
         closing my eyes and taking in the heady aroma.  It truly was
         an aphrodisiac.  My cock was already throbbing in my jeans,
         but the musky smell made it spurt out even more pre-cum.
         Laurie's panties had been soaked, but my Jockey shorts were
         even worse.  A spot was soaking through the front of my
         jeans, and the whole inside area around my cock and balls
         felt wet and hot and slick.

         I dropped the panties to the floor and just continued to
         kneel there, my senses almost overcome by the sight of Laurie
         totally revealed.  One leg had dropped to the floor, leaving
         her vulva area spread apart.  The lips and valley between
         were shiny, glistening with her secretions.  Her pubic hair
         was arranged in a swirling pattern, damp and still pressed to
         her skin from her panties.  The curls were blonde, perfectly
         matching the hair streaming over her shoulders.  The little
         nubbin that had given her so much pleasure was barely visible
         at the top of the lips.  It looked swollen and ripe and was a
         deeper color than the surrounding area.

         My eyes travelled upward, to her softly mounded belly, to the
         area just below her ribcage where the rapid beating of her
         heart showed on the surface.  My vision crept up even more,
         and there were her breasts.  Round, white, with nipples
         standing erect and little bumps speckling the brownish-pink
         circles of her areolas.  Her breasts blended into her neck
         with a flow that was like music.  Her barely-cleft chin added
         a counter-point to her mouth, lips damp and slightly open as
         she breathed rapidly.  Then her eyes--round, blue, soft and
         languid.  For a long moment I stared with awe and wonder into
         those eyes and she returned my gaze, silently.  She broke the
         silence with words.  In almost a whisper she said, "Do I look
         like your dream?"

         "No," I whispered back.  "You look a hundred...no, a thousand
         times better than in my dream.  There, you just existed in my
         imagination.  Here, you're real, right in front of my eyes,
         right where I can feel and touch you."

         I reached down and lightly stroked her belly mound and the
         area under her breasts.  "Even in my dreams, I never realized
         a girl's body could be so beautiful.  Can I look closer,
         Laurie?  Can I explore?  I want to find out all about a
         girl's body."

         Laurie kind of half-smiled and said, "Okay, but only on the
         condition that I get my turn with you.  Is that a promise?"

         Her words made my heart beat even more rapidly.  "My God," I
         thought, "she wants to do me like I'm doing her, and she's
         asking my permission."  It was my turn to smile now.  "Yes,
         Laurie, that's a promise."

         I knelt between her legs and spread them apart so that I
         could see right into the area between them.  I could see all
         her pussy and down into the crack between the globes of her
         buttocks.  Her little brown rosette nestled there between
         those cheeks.  I took my hands and spread the lips of her
         pussy even further apart.  I realized it was more complex
         than I had imagined, composed of several folds and sets of
         lips.  Down near the bottom I could just see the opening into
         her cavity, the place where I had had my finger earlier.  At
         the top of the lips was that special little nubbin, her
         ultra-sensitive clitoris.  The whole area was wet and coated
         in a slippery fluid.  I ran my finger up and down the crease,
         feeling the wetness and slipperiness.  I put one finger into
         the cavity and slowly pushed it in to past the knuckle.  I
         pushed it the rest of the way so that it was totally inserted
         into her.  The cavity was slick, just like the outside, and
         warm.  I pushed the finger in and out and the walls of the
         cavity seemed to cling to my finger, as though they wanted to
         take it captive.

         I added a second finger to the first and pushed them in and
         out, twisting them slightly.  As I did, some of her slippery
         secretion flowed out of the cavity, coating my fingers and
         dripping down so that it ran down the crack between her
         buttocks.  Laurie moaned softy as I did this.  "Does that
         hurt, Laurie?" I asked in alarm.

         "Noooo....," Laurie said in a choked voice, "that doesn't
         hurt at all.  You don't need to stop."  I realized then that
         she wasn't hurting at all, but was getting as turned on as I
         was.  It was as new and exciting to her as it was to me, and
         she was getting sexually aroused like me.

         I had heard about boys eating pussy and had wondered what
         made them want to do something like that.  With my face so
         close to Laurie's pussy, with the sensation of the touch and
         smell of it, I realized what made it so attractive.  I with-
         drew my fingers from her and lightly rubbed my thumb over her
         clitoris.  She gasped, moving her hips up and down just
         slightly.  I took my fingers and spread the lips of her pussy
         wide apart and, bending my head closer, pushed my tongue out
         and lightly stroked her nubbin with it.  With a sharp intake
         of breath, she hunched her center up to me.

         "Danny, what ARE you doing?"

         "I'm teaching you what it's like to have a boy eat you."

         "Oh, God, Danny, I've heard about eating, but I never thought
         it would happen to me.  If that was a sample, I don't know
         whether I'll be able to stand it."

         "Well, I've never done it before, Laurie, so I don't know
         whether I'm doing it right or not."

         "Nothing could be more right than what you just did."

         I put my mouth back between Laurie's legs and stroked my
         tongue up and down.  I ran my lips up one side, caressing the
         swollen pussy lip.  Then I went down the other side, suckling
         and licking.  I extended my tongue as far as it would go and
         bored it into the cavity down below.  I made love to her with
         my tongue, pushing in and out, twisting my head from side to
         side.  Slowly, I pulled my tongue out of the soaking hole and
         pressing it so it was broad and fat ran it up and down, right
         in the middle of her crease.  I covered the area all around
         her vaginal opening, alternating pressure and light, flutter-
         ing strokes.

         I lifted Laurie's legs and put them over my shoulders so I
         could have completely uninhibited access to the center of her
         sex.  I reached up and caressed her breasts, rubbing my
         thumbs lightly over and around the nipples.  Laurie was
         moaning almost constantly, a low crooning sound of pure
         pleasure.  With her legs draped down my back, she pulled me
         in even closer.  Her thighs squeezed and unsqueezed against
         the sides of my head, in perfect harmony with the actions of
         my mouth and tongue.

         I lifted Laurie up higher and moved my mouth down to her
         little brown star.  It was coated with her secretions, just
         like my face and all the area of her sexual center.  I
         extended my tongue and rubbed it lightly over the wrinkled
         surface.  "Oh, God, Danny!  Uuuuhhh...Dannieeee..."
         Laurie moaned, wrapping her legs completely around my neck
         and squeezing.  I shaped my tongue into a little spear and
         delved the wrinkles until I found the center.  Twisting my
         tongue around and around, I worked a space for it to finally
         enter.  Laurie kept squeezing and softly crooning as I paid
         homage to her little nether spot.

         Gently lowering Laurie, I moved back up to her vaginal
         cavity, using my tongue like I imagined I would use my cock
         if it were in her.  I made it as long and slender as possible
         and pushed it into her and out, using a slow twisting motion.
         At the same time, I rubbed my thumb over the opening I had
         just abandoned, lightly rubbing her anal opening in small
         circles.  Her hips seemed to have a mind of their own, undul-
         ating up and down as I ministered to their center.

         To now I had just barely touched her clitoris.  I was getting
         much pleasure from what I was doing and I didn't want to
         chance it's premature end.  I had already seen how sensitive
         her nubbin was, and I was fearful that attention to it would
         bring on her orgasm and an end to my pleasure.  Laurie was
         not to be denied, though.  She moved her hips so that the
         nubbin was right under my tongue and I had to pay attention
         to it.

         At the same time, I moved my fingers back to her vaginal
         opening.  I inserted two fingers into the hole and stroked
         them in and out.  I sucked her nubbin up between my lips and
         ran the tip of my tongue over it.  I could feel where the
         nubbin's little sheath had pulled back and its ultra-
         sensitive head protruded.  I concentrated on this area, using
         the lightest strokes I could manage.  Laurie started
         trembling all over, her legs pulling around my neck in
         spasms.  She moved her hands down to my head, stroking my
         hair, making love to me with her hands.  Her moan continued,
         soft and whispery, and then she started chanting, very
         softly, "So good...so good...soooo goooddd...."

         Suddenly, Laurie clamped her legs around my neck, arched her
         back, and strained against my mouth.  I could feel her pussy
         pulsating against my fingers inside, and then it clamped down
         on them, holding them in a vise grip.  Laurie moaned, "Oh,
         God, I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm commmmmminnnnnggggg."

         Small convulsions wracked her abdomen, and her stomach,
         buttocks, and thighs shuddered.  They seemed to go on and on
         as her orgasm continued in wave after wave.  The leg-clamp
         she had on my head relaxed little by little, and I moved my
         tongue through her crease and over her clitoris very slowly
         and lightly, matching pace with her orgasm's slide down from
         peak.  Gradually, her legs relaxed and she unwrapped them
         from around my neck and let them fall back down on my back.
         I took them from my shoulders and gently put them back on the
         sofa.  Laurie lay there totally spent, absolutely still,
         savoring the slowly ebbing after-shocks of her orgasm.

         From between her legs I gazed at her and was filled with
         a mixture of both pride and pleasure.  The realization that I
         was the one responsible for her pleasure, the knowledge that
         it was possible for me to give so much pleasure to a girl,
         thrilled me and filled me with awe.  I had been so worried
         about how I would act with a girl if given the opportunity,
         and now I had the assurance that I could give pleasure in its
         fullest measure.

         Laurie's tremors had stopped and she now lay completely
         still.  Her eyelids fluttered open and she smiled weakly at
         me.  "Oh, God, Danny, I can't even begin to tell you how that
         felt.  I thought I had to be in heaven.  And you said you
         didn't know how it was done."

         "I guess that sort of thing just comes natural.  Besides, I
         had you to inspire me.  I can't imagine that anyone could
         look more beautiful and sexy than you."

         "There you go again, Danny, and I love every word of it.  You
         still have to kiss me for saying it, though."

         She held out her arms to me and I knelt over her, moving my
         lips down to hers.  One arm went on my shoulder and caressed
         the back of my neck.  The other went around my back and
         lightly stroked.  Our mouths blended together, wet and open.
         Her tongue was the aggressor, moving under my lips, under my
         tongue, and all around it.  Her vaginal juices were all over
         my face and in my mouth and I knew she could taste them the
         same as I had.  As we broke the kiss, she reached out and
         licked all around my mouth, trying to get even more of them.

         Then Laurie stirred.  She put her hands to my chest and with
         the soft smile she had used before, pushed me away gently,
         saying, "Now it's time for you to keep your promise."

         "I always keep my promises," I said, smiling back at her.
         "What do you want me to do?"

         "Trade places with me, so that I can do you just like you did
         me.  I want to get you naked and look at you and explore
         everything there is about you."  She pushed at me even harder
         and then slipping around to my side stood up.  She reached
         down for my hands and stood me up right against the sofa.
         Then she pushed me so that I had to sit down.  She stood
         there, completely nude and unselfconscious, and reached down
         for my tee-shirt.  She pulled it up, and I put my hands over
         my head so that she could pull it free.  Putting her hands
         back on my chest, she gently pushed me down so that I lay
         supine on the sofa.

         She moved to my feet and removed one loafer and then the
         other.  Then the socks, one at a time.  She stroked her hand
         up my leg until it reached my crotch and then gently rubbed
         her hand across the bulge of my hard-on.  I gasped loudly and
         moaned, "Oh, God, Laurie, do that much more and I'm gonna go
         off in my pants."

         She withdrew her hand and put it on the top button of my
         jeans.  She couldn't get it loose with one hand and had to
         put both hands down to undo it.  Her nipples rubbed against
         mine and little electric sparks of pleasure shot through
         them.  I realized that being horny made a man's nipples
         erogenous just like a woman's.  Seeing the goosebumps come up
         around my nipples, she lowered her head and licked across
         each one, slowly and sensually.  I couldn't help but moan
         "Ummmmmm" as she did.

         At last she got the button undone and reached for the tab to
         the zipper.  She found it and slowly lowered the zipper to
         the bottom.  She rubbed across my crotch in the process and
         my cock quivered and oozed out more pre-cum into my already
         soaked underwear.  She rubbed her hand back up the bulge as
         she reached for the top of my jeans, enjoying the exquisite
         pleasure she knew she was giving me.

         She tugged and struggled to get my jeans down.  I lifted my
         bottom from off the sofa to give her room to pull them from
         my hips.  At last they were down to my thighs and she was
         able to easily take them off the rest of the way.  I now lay
         there naked but for my Jockey shorts.  They bulged out even
         further with the restriction of the jeans removed, and my
         hard-on made a tent of their front.  I looked down, and even
         though the shorts were white, I could see the whole front and
         crotch of them was soaked with my pre-seminal flow.

         Laurie traced her hand slowly up my bare leg to the edge of
         my shorts.  Her touch was light and fluttering and I gasped
         as the fingers barely touched the sensitive area high on the
         inside of my thigh.  She dipped the tips of a couple of
         fingers under the edge of the shorts and rubbed them very
         lightly against underside of my balls.  My hips jerked up in
         a pleasure reaction and I moaned again.

         Then her hands moved to the top of my Jockey shorts and I
         knew she would soon be seeing a sight.  They came down easier
         than my jeans, and I only had to lift my ass slightly to get
         them past my buttocks.  My hard-on was major obstruction,
         though, and Laurie had to lift the shorts high to get them
         over my balls and rigid, tumescent cock.  She strained and
         jerked them down in one motion.  My cock, restrained for so
         long now, leapt up and stood there, quivering up and down
         with little movements in time with my heartbeat.

         Laurie froze, her hands still, as she whispered, "Oh, my God!
         Sex-Ed didn't show this.  It's beautiful."

         Hardly taking her eyes off my cock, she drew my shorts down
         and over my feet.  She felt how damp they were and said,
         "Your underwear is wet just like my panties were.  Do boys
         get wet like girls do?"

         "Yeah.  It's almost the same.  When a boy get horny and gets
         a hard-on, pre-cum comes out.  It's like a lubricant.  It
         makes it easier to put it inside a girl.  I've had a hard-on
         for almost an hour now, and I've almost soaked my shorts."
         While I was saying this, some more pre-cum oozed out the head
         of my cock and ran in a rivulet down the head.  Laurie moved
         up between my legs, dropped to her knees, reached out a
         finger and touched the glistening bead of liquid.  She
         smeared it around on the head with a little circular motion.
         My hips jerked involuntarily and I gasped at the touch.

         "Oh, I'm sorry, Danny," Laurie said.  "Did that hurt?"

         "No, no, it didn't hurt.  It felt good, real good.  It's just
         that I've gotten so horny seeing you naked and touching you
         and seeing you go off that I'm right on the verge of going
         off myself.  It would take hardly anything to make me come
         right now."

         Laurie's eyes widened and she asked, "What does a boy do when
         he comes?  Does stuff come out your penis like they said in
         Sex-Ed?"

         "Yes.  Jism shoots out the end.  It comes out in spurts.
         It's what contains sperm, the stuff that makes girls
         pregnant."

         "Yeah, we learned about that in Sex-Ed.  Teacher told us that
         if a girl doesn't want to get pregnant she should never have
         intercourse unless the boy wears a condom.  Or be on the
         pill."

         "Yeah, that's so.  Only we boys call them rubbers, not
         condoms."

         It looked like Laurie couldn't keep her hands off me, and she
         ran her hands up and down my thighs from my knees up to where
         they just barely touched my balls.  She stared at my cock as
         she did so, seemingly mesmerized by it.  Finally, she spoke,
         and asked softly, "What makes a boy come, makes him shoot the
         stuff out the end?"

         "Well, the best way for a boy is to put inside a girl.  Boys
         dream about fucking girls so they can get off.  From what
         I've heard boys say, though, getting off orally is as good if
         not better than fucking.  That's where the girl puts it in
         her mouth and sucks on it until he gets off.  That's called
         eating it."

         "Yeah, I've heard girls in gym class brag about eating their
         boy friends."

         "Then there's always a hand-job.  Touching a cock and rubbing
         a hand up and down on it makes it go off, too," I said.
         "When you touched it while ago, I was afraid I was gonna lose
         it right then."

         Laurie reached out a hand and touched my cock with the tip of
         her fingers and ran them up and down from the wet, glistening
         head to its base.  "Danny, I want to see you go off.  Can I
         give you a...what did you call it...a hand-job?"

         "Oh, yesss....  It won't take much, I'm so close to coming
         right now."

         "Tell me how to do it.  I want to do it right.  I want you to
         feel as good as you made me feel."

         "Just wrap your hand around it and move the skin up and down.
         Get some of that juice on the end and smear it all over it.
         That makes it feel even better.  This area right here, right
         under the head, is the most sensitive," I said, pointing to
         the area on the underside of the glans.

         She ran her finger tips through the drops of pre-cum on the
         head and smeared them all over my cock.  Wrapping her hand
         very gently around the shaft, she made little movements up
         and down.  God, it felt good.  I couldn't keep from thrusting
         my hips up and down to move my cock inside her hand.  Sensing
         that I wanted more movement, she began sliding her hand up
         and down, all the way from the top to the bottom.  Each time
         she moved over the top, more pre-cum oozed out and provided
         greater lubrication.  I guess it was natural instinct that
         made her do it, but she put her other hand on my balls and
         stroked them lightly, causing pleasure to radiate through me.
         I closed my eyes and gave myself over to the pleasure she was
         giving me.

         I wanted it to last forever, but nature couldn't be delayed
         any longer.  Moaning, I thrust my hips up and down and arched
         my back.  My hips strained up against her hand and the
         explosion came.  The first spurt must have gone three feet
         into the air, flying upward and landing on my chest.  More
         spurts came and ran down over her hand, falling to my stomach
         and thighs.  Gradually, the flow slowed and only a few
         drops flowed out.  She kept working her hand, carrying me
         through the orgasm and beyond.  Slowly I dropped my hips to
         the sofa, relaxing until even the small tremors subsided.

         Laurie released my cock and rubbed her hands through the come
         that lay spattered across my body.  God, even that felt good
         when she did it.  She raised her hand, still dripping with
         come, and put it to her nose to take in the odor of my jism.
         She stuck out her tongue and ran it through some come and
         took it into her mouth.  Satisfied that she knew how come
         smelled and tasted, she put the hand back down on my stomach
         and rubbed the come around in circles.  "God, Danny," she
         said, "you really made a mess.  Let me go get a cloth so I
         can clean us up."

         I watched her walk to the bathroom, her hips swaying, her ass
         even more sexy than the way she looked in her shorts.  My
         cock had shrunk a little after I shot off, but seeing
         Laurie's ass made it come back to its full rigidity.  Five
         minutes after coming, and I was horny all over again!

         Laurie came back in a few minutes with a warm, wet cloth.
         She had cleaned the jism off her hands and was going to give
         me a clean-up now.  She took the cloth and washed the come
         that smeared my legs, stomach, and chest.  Then she started
         on my cock and balls.  The warmth and friction of the cloth
         made my cock start throbbing again.  Laurie was enjoying
         ministering to my needs and sensed the effect it was having
         on me.  Stroking my cock, she said, "I thought a boy's
         penis...er, cock...is supposed to go down after he has an
         orgasm."

         "Well, usually it does," I answered.  "I was horny for long
         ahead of time, though, and seeing your sexy behind as you
         walked out while ago has made me horny all over again.  I
         guess once just wasn't enough."

         She continued to stroke my cock and said, "Well, if I'm the
         one responsible for for this monster, then I guess I'll just
         have to be the one to tame it."  Mimicking the words I spoken
         to her earlier, she said,  "Now it's time for you to find out
         how it feels to be eaten by a girl."  She lowered her head,
         opened her mouth, and took about half my cock into her mouth.
         Her tongue swirled around on the head and then moved down to
         that most sensitive part under the head.  She moved her head
         up and down, imitating the motion she had recently made with
         her hand.  She moved up so that only the head was in her
         mouth and sucked on it like it was a lollipop.  Taking the
         cock out of her mouth, she swirled her tongue over the head,
         and then up and down the sides.

         The pleasure she was giving me was beyond even my wildest
         imagination.  My hips pushed upward and the muscles in my
         buttocks and thighs strained against her.  I put my hands
         down to her hair and stroked her head.  Through clenched
         teeth, I moaned out, "Ohhh...Laurie...Ohhh, that's sooo
         good."  She must have remembered how I reacted to having her
         touch my balls because she moved her mouth down to them and
         ran the tip of her tongue over the balls in light circles.
         While doing this, her hand was moving up and down my cock,
         giving me pleasure on both my cock and my balls.

         While her tongue was playing with my balls and her hand with
         my cock, her other hand was busy too.  It moved to my
         buttocks and to the crease between them.  The fingers stroked
         along the crease and then down to its bottom, to the anal
         area.  One finger stroked across my anus and it was like
         sparks shooting through me.  Laurie felt the reaction, and
         rubbed in tiny circles over the crinkled spot.  She took some
         saliva and pre-cum that had run down my crease and wet her
         finger and my anus with it.  Then she moved the finger to the
         center of my anus and pressed in.  Slowly the finger
         penetrated.  I couldn't believe the pleasure it gave.  She
         withdrew the finger and rubbed the surface some more.

         My hips were jerking upward and I was grunting and moaning in
         pleasure at the same time.  The pleasure kept mounting, and I
         could feel myself reach a point where it was almost too much
         to endure.  Laurie abandoned my balls and engulfed my cock
         back into her mouth.  She took as much of it in as she could,
         well over half of it.  Her cheeks caved in from the suction,
         and she sucked and used her tongue in an unbelievable way.
         "Oh, Laurie," I moaned, "I'm gonna come! I gonna come right
         now!"

         I thought she would take it out of her mouth and finish me
         off with her hands, but she didn't.  Instead, she tried to
         swallow more of it, and started sucking even harder.  It was
         too much.  I crashed over the edge.  My hips jerked, my back
         arched, and I pressed my whole groin area up the center of
         pleasure in Laurie's mouth.  Then the wave hit me and my cock
         started spasming, jetting streams of come out into Laurie's
         mouth.  She gulped, trying to swallow all of it.  She got a
         lot of it down, but I could feel some bubble out of her mouth
         and run down on my stomach and balls.  I thought that I would
         have been out of come from the last orgasm, but there
         apparently much more stored up.

         The spasms lessened and slowly my cock began to shrink,
         after all this time finally to go down.  Laurie kept it in
         her mouth until it was small and flaccid and then slowly
         eased it out with her tongue.  Some jism dripped on it as she
         did.  She raised her head, and looked up at me, a soft smile
         on her face.  Her lips were coated with come, little drops of
         it were at the corners of her mouth, and a drop of it
         dribbled from her chin.  "Oh, God, Laurie, that was
         unbelievable.  I know my orgasm must have been better than
         yours because I DID go to heaven."

         "Nothing could have been better than mine," Laurie said.
         "Maybe as good, but not better."  She moved up my body,
         kissing me on the chest, and then full on the lips.  I tasted
         myself the same way she had tasted herself.  A feeling of
         sheer concupiscence flowed through me from the pure
         sensuality of such a kiss.

         We lay there on the sofa together: naked, satiated, spent
         lovers.  We relaxed and kissed slowly, enjoying the afterglow
         of pleasures.  We probably would have dozed, awoke, and made
         love again if the phone hadn't have rung.  We jumped,
         startled by the unexpected sound.  Laurie answered it and
         made a face at me as she talked.  She hung up the phone and
         said, "Darn!  Darn, darn!  That was Aunt Betty.  It seems
         that Mom asked her to check on us and she's on the way over
         here to be sure we get fed today.  We'd better get dressed,
         and you'd better go over to your house until she gets here.
         We sure don't want anyone thinking we've been...er, been
         doing the things we just did."

         "No.  Not with our straight-laced folks," I answered.

         "Oh, Danny, I'm sorry.  I thought we would have more time
         today.  There's still a lot more I want to know, more
         questions I want to ask you.  Maybe even some more...uh, some
         more...show-and-tell," she said finally,  with just a hint of
         a smile.  "Do you think maybe later on...maybe later on we
         could have some more...maybe some more...uh, dancing
         lessons?"

         I was thrilled by her question.  I had wanted to suggest that
         we continue our exploration, but didn't want to risk the good
         thing already going.  She had taken it out my hands, though,
         and paved the way by suggesting it herself.  "Yeah, Laurie, I
         would really like that.  I would like some more...dancing
         lessons."

         "I'll see if I can find out when our folks are going to be
         out of town again.  I'll want to make sure we're here alone.
         Now I'm going to take a quick shower, and you need to run
         home and do the same.  I'll call you when Aunt Betty gets
         here and has a meal ready."

         With Laurie standing there, I quickly got back into my jeans
         and tee-shirt.  "I'll see you later," I said, turning back to
         her.  No word was spoken, but we leaned forward and kissed
         lightly before heading in our different directions.


                  MORE LESSONS IN CHAPTER III OF "COUSINS"
