Archive-name: Family/cousjoan.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Cousins, The


"I'm ready."
Joan was reading a magazine, still in her pyjamas, when she
heard Barbara's voice coming from the corridor. Not long after
that, her cousin entered the living-room, wearing a bathrobe
and a towel around her hair.
"Since when do you walk out of the bathroom when you're still
dripping from your shower?" Joan told her. "I promised your
parents that the place would be kept tidy."
"I know, I know," Barbara replied in that careless tone of
voice, which is so typical for girls her age. She was fourteen
years old and though Joan was only three years older, she felt
a lot more mature. Barbara's parents must have thought the
same, when they asked their niece Joan to look after their
house and daughter, while they went on their second honeymoon.
"I did dry myself off," Barbara continued. "I just wondered if
you'd like to do my hair for me?"
Joan smiled. Barbara had lovely auburn hair, which was all
curly and hanging more than halfway down her back. Often Joan
had watched Barbara when she walked in the sun, loving the
shiny glitter in her hair. Yes, she had to admit that she
liked her cousin very much. Every time she visited her aunt
and uncle, she was glad when she saw Barbara's cute face and
smile again. 
  
Joan had long blonde hair herself, hanging all way way down to
her butt. She and Barbara had already been spending lots of
time fixing eachother's hair. Joan always enjoyed the feel of
Barbara's curls and also of her fingers, running through her
own hair.
"Okay then," Joan said, "come here then." 
Barbara smiled and sat down on the couch next to Joan, who
began to unwind Barbara's towel to rub her hair dry with it.
Because of the mass of Barbara's hair it took quite a while
and Joan didn't want to hurt her cousin, so she took her time.
  
Meanwhile, the movements had caused Barbara's robe to slowly
slide down her shoulders. Joan couldn't help but noticing how
Barbara's breasts started to show, bouncing lightly up and
down as she rubbed her hair.
"Gosh, what nice ones," Joan thought. Indeed, despite the fact
that they were not so big yet, Barbara's tits had a beautiful
shape. The nipples were comparatively large and wonderfully
round and pink. Joan tried not to stare too obviosuly at
Barbara's juvenile breasts. That wasn't easy, as their smooth
skin was still a little wet and glittering in the morning-sun,
which started shining into the living-room.
"Well, your hair is done now," Joan said after a while, "but I
see you're not completely dry yet." She took a corner of the
towel and ran it over Barbara's shoulders. Then, she slowly
slid the cloth over and between Barbara's breasts. She closely
watched Barbara's face, trying to assess her reaction. Barbara
closed her eyes and tilted her head back, letting go of a
little sigh as she pushed her chest a bit forward. This encou-
raged Joan to gently caress Barbara's breasts with her other
hand, admiring the feel of their smooth skin as she ran her
fingertips over them. 
  
Suddenly Joan stopped. What has gotten into her? This was her
cousin! A girl even! A young girl! Why all of a sudden was she
so fascinated by her body? She had seen her naked before. But
somehow things seemed to be different now. Barbara was growing
into a little woman fast now. And Joan felt how much she
wanted the touch of a woman. In this short moment's time that
feeling grew rapidly, developing into profound desire. 
  
Barbara noticed Joan's hesitation. She opened her eyes and
looked up. Joan looked back and suddenly felt an overwhelming
sensation running through her body. She looked into Barbara's
hazel eyes and realized that the same sort of desire was
written in them. There was also something else: love. Joan saw
the desire and love in Barbara's eyes and suddenly realized
how much she loved her cousin herself. She bent over and
kissed her.
  
When their lips met, Joan's heart leapt with joy. Of course,
they had kissed before, but this kiss was one of passion. To
Joan's surprise, Barbara parted her lips, guiding her tongue
in Joan's mouth. Joan sucked it in thankfully, letting her
tongue slide around it. Meanwhile she still caressed Barbara's
breasts, massaging them. She felt how the nipples hardened
between her fingers. 
  
Their kiss took a long time. Barbara was obviously inexperien-
ced, but Joan craved the taste of her sweet mouth. Finally,
their lips and tongues finished their loving junction. Barbara
smiled and her cheeks blushed with excitement.
"I've been dreaming so much of this," Barbara whispered. Joan
just smiled back and felt that she had started blushing too.
"You may dry the rest of my body too," she continued. Joan
replied by giving her a slight kiss. Then, she opened Barba-
ra's robe completely and gently pulled it off her. Barbara
laid down on the couch while Joan kneeled on the floor, moving
the soft towel tenderly over Barbara's body. 
"You're so beautiful," Joan whispered. She dropped the towel
and started to move her fingertips over Barbara's indeed
wonderful young body. Barbara moaned and pushed her hips up,
parting her legs a bit, which caused her labia to slide apart.
Joan saw how Barbara's slightly-haired pussy started to open
up like a little flower, showing its pink labia, which glitte-
red in the sunlight. This girl surely was very wet! Joan began
to caress Barbara's legs, closing in on the sweetness between
them. Barbara sighed deeply, when Joan slid her fingertips
over her pussy-lips, bending over to her cousin-lover to place
kisses all over her face. 
  
"Wait," Barbara mumbled, "I wan to see you naked too."
Joan grinned broadly. She crawled out of her pyjamas and
dropped them on the floor. She loved the way Barbara looked at
her, from which she could see that she admired her body,
seeing it in a way she never did before. Joan had a lovely
slim figure, her breasts were full and pert and her blonde
pubic hair formed a cute, tiny triangle between her shapely
thighs. 
  
Joan knelt down again and started to move her hair over Barba-
ra's body. She formed a brush out of the end and slid it over
Barbara's shoulders, her breasts, down her stomach and then
between her thighs. Barbara moaned under the tingly sensations
Joan's hair caused her, meanwhile reaching out for Joan's
breasts, kneeding them carefully. She was unexperienced, but o
so tender. 
  
Joan enjoyed the touch of Barbara's little, soft hands immens-
ly. She began to move her hair over Barbara's labia, listening
to the little gasps Barbara uttered. Suddenly, Joan got an
idea. She used her fingers to open Barbara's pussy, caressing
its clit with the tip of her tongue. Then, she folded the end
of her hair to a tight knot and gently slid it between Barba-
ra's pussy-lips. The effect was more explosive than she expec-
ted. Barbara let go of a squeal and pushed her hips up, making
Joan's hair-knot slide even deeper in her. Joan let go of her
hair, which folded open within Barbara's wetness. When Joan
pulled it back, the now losened strains caused immense sensa-
tions within Barbara's pussy. Barbara came, moaning ecstati-
cally while she pulled Joan towards her. Joan straddled over
her and started to place her pussy against Barbara's, which
was all wet from cum. Barbara's outburst had made Joan very
horny and she started to rub her pussy back and forth, feeling
the wet end of her hair dance on her butt. Barbara wrapped her
arms around Joan's lucious body, as Joan bounced her big tits
against Barbara's tiny hills, rubbing their hard nipples to a
frenzy. 
  
Joan threw back her head, as she felt a huge orgasm take over
control of her body. She moaned and growled, while Barbara
took her breasts and kneaded them firmly. It didn't take long
or Barbara went into her own orgasm, while her juvenile body
shuddered between Joan's legs. Joan bent over her and held her
tightly, kissing her deeply, smothering the whimpering sounds
Barbara was making. When Joan crawled off her, Barbara was
still shuddering from the intense experience she just had.
Joan caressed her face, helping her to sit up. The two girls
sat next to eachother on the couch for quite a while, cares-
sing eachothers hair, kissing, whispering sweet words in
eachother's ears. Then they decided to take a long shower
together. After they'd dried eachother they stood by the
window, embracing eachother, watching the blue, cloudless sky.
  
Yes, this surely was a wonderful day. 
  
  
                          * * * * * *
  
  
The next day, Barbara and Joan got out of bed late. Of course
they hadn't slept in their own. They had decided to spend the
night together in the big bed of Barbara's parents. It had
been a wonderful night. Barbara and Joan cuddled the darkness
away, falling asleep in eachother's arms, happily in love. 
  
After the two cousins had showered together, it was time for
breakfast. They sat down in their bathrobes and ate their
usual corn-flakes, until Barbara decided to consume a peach.
Joan watched Barbara's lovely lips slurp up the juicy pulp and
got all tingly just by this sight. "May I have a taste of that
peach too?" Joan asked. Barbara smiled and nodded, handing the
peach in Joan's direction. 
"That's not quite what I meant," Joan replied. She put on a
naughty grin, as she moved over to Barbara and started to lick
the juice off her lips. Barbara opened up, so Joan could slide
her tongue in and lick some of the pulp out of her mouth.
"Hmmm, that tastes good," Joan moaned. "But do you know what
tastes even better? Wait, I'll show you."
Joan took the peach, which had been half-eaten, out of 
Barbara's hands and opened her robe. She moved the fruit up
and down her legs, spreading them widely while she leant
backwards on her chair, so that her labia parted. Barbara
watched it all carefully, smiling broadly. Joan began to slide
the peach over her pussy-lips, gasping as she felt the bitter
juice bite her soft flesh. She continued to rub though, and
after a while the feeling changed into a deep tingling.
"Well?" Joan moaned. "Don't you want to taste it?"
Barbara didn't hesitate a single second. She stood up and
knelt between Joan's legs. Then she lowered her head between
Joan's thighs, licking away the juice of their soft skin.
"Aaaaahhh, that's good," Joan sighed deeply as she felt Barba-
ra's tongue. Barbara pressed her lips against Joan's labes and
slowly pushed her tongue through.
"Oooohhaahh..." Joan moaned, as Barbara ran her tongue all up
and down her pussy-lips, licking off the biting peach-juices.
Joan started to breath heavily, as Barbara slid her tongue
around her clit, taking it between her lips shortly after
that. 
"Yes, blow me," Joan gurgled, "blow my clittie. Ohhh... that's
soo good." Barbara caressed Joan's thighs, as she carefully
tucked Joan's clit with her teeth. It didn't take long before
Joan came so intensively, that her pussy-juices flooded over
Barbara's face. Barbara stopped working on Joan's clit and
kissed her way up her stomach, licking her breasts and then
kissing her lips afterwards. Joan sucked Barbara's tongue in,
loving the taste of her own cum, meanwhile squeezing her lover
close to her. 
  
Barbara sat down on Joan's lap, straddling her. Joan felt that
Barbara had become very wet indeed as she pushed her groin
strongly onto hers. Barbara, still being very young, didn't
take long to reach her orgasm. She came, silently whimpering,
as Joan held her tight, feeling how the juices oozed richly
out of Barbara's pussy, mingling with her own. 
  
They sat a while like that, cuddling eachother tightly and
covering eachother's faces with kisses. Then they stood up and
went to the living-room.
  
"That peach was very nice," Joan smiled. "But I have some
better fruit still."
She went out of the living-room and returned some minute
later, with an oblong green object in her hands. 
"A banana?" Barbara asked, when Joan sat down next to her.
"Well," Joan answered, "almost."
It appeared to be a vibrator which was certainly more than ten
feet long and which cornily had been giving the shape and
looks of a giant banana. Joan turned a knob at one end and the
appliance started to buzz in her hands.
"Would you like to feel it?" Joan asked. Barbara seemed to
hesitate. 
"Don't worry," Joan said, "just trust me. I know how to handle
this thing."
She started to kiss Barbara's neck, meanwhile pulling off her
robe and getting rid of her own. Barbara laid back on the
sofa, just like the day before, while Joan moved the humming
device over her shoulders and between her breasts. 
"Hmmm, that's nice," Barbara laughed. Joan moved the vibrator 
down still, until she reached the moist region between 
Barbara's legs. 
"Just relax, I won't go deep," Joan comforted Barbara, as she
let the tip of the fake-banana glide over Barbara's labia and
clit. Barbara let go of a deep "oooouuuhhh" when Joan slid in
the vibrator a bit deeper. Barbara was still too tight. Joan
decided to put it off for some other time, as Barbara's pussy
obviously needed some good manual stretching first.
"Come here, darling," Joan whispered, as she softly pulled
Barbara off the sofa. She lied down on her back and made her
young cousin crawl over her, in sixty-nine positioning. Barba-
ra immediately understood what was being expected from her and
she began right away with doing what she liked most: licking
and tasting Joan's pussy. The smell aroused her quickly, Joan
noticed, as she saw the vaginal fluids run down Barbara's
thighs. 
  
Barbara was good at licking. Joan moaned and shuddered, trying
to keep her mind on pleasing Barbara back. In her excitement,
Joan wetted her fingers with Barbara's juices by deeply sli-
ding them in her slit. She parted Barbara's butt-cheeks,
searching for her anus. Then she shoved her index-finger
through that little opening. Barbara squealed a little, so
Joan was afraid she might have hurt her. But Barbara continued
to lick Joan more and more to a climax. Joan noticed how her
anal action made Barbara's fluids run faster, so she decided
to slide in one more finger up Barbara's butt-hole. Barbara
moaned, sliding her tongue deeper into Joan's quivering pussy.
"She likes this!" Joan managed to think in her rising ecstasy.
"Fuck me," she gurgled. "Fuck me with that banana. Please!!!"
Barbara stopped a little while, searching for the vibrator.
Joan's excitement lowered a little bit, just to rise sky-high
again as Barbara began to shove the vibrator between her
labes. 
"Turn it on," Joan shouted between her gasps. Barbara did, and
soon Joan's abdomen was filled with an immense tingling fee-
ling. Joan came with a loud howl. Barbara turned the vibrator
off, sliding it out again, as she still pushed her crotch in
Joan's face, indicating that it was her turn. Joan got hold of
the vibrator as she licked Barbara's labes and clit furiously,
drinking her richly flowing fluids. She still had her fingers
up Barbara's arse, amazed by its smoothness. She felt that she
could have easily fitted in yet another one or two fingers,
but she decided to slide her fingers out again. 
  
Joan took the vibrator, which was wet and slippery from her
fluids, and shoved it between Barbara's butt-cheeks. Then, she
put the long object in the right angle, and started to slowly
slide the fake-banana through Barbara's arse-hole. Barbara
reacted by uttering deep grunts. Then she attacked Joan's
pussy again. Joan had trouble to keep her mind on what she was
doing. The deeper Joan shoved the vibrator up Barbara's arse,
the more fluids ran over her face. This became even stronger,
when Joan decided to switch the device on. Barbara started to
thrash around furiously, shouting: "Oh yeah! Fuck me! Push it
in deeper! I want to feel it!! Owwww yeah!!!!"
Joan's amazement was almost as big as her excitement. How
could a girl, who couldn't take anything up her pussy, take a
huge thing like this fake-banana up her arse? Joan pushed the
thing deeper and deeper into Barbara's bowels, Barbara squealed
and whimpered, obviously getting one orgasm after the other.
At one time, Joan noticed that the vibrator disappeared almost
fully between Barbara's butt-cheeks. This girl had ten inches
of this huge device up her arse! Joan remembered that once a
guy with an eight-inch cock couldn't get his dick fully up her
own arse. She continued to lick Barbara's pussy-lips, from
which still richly all kinds of wetness poured down. Meanwhile
she began to withdraw the vibrator in Barbara's shit-canal,
because Barbara seemed to get somewhat exhausted. Her shouting
became less and changed more and more into soft whimpering.
Joan switched the device off and slid it completely out,
causing Barbara to moan long and deep.
  
Joan turned Barbara around, holding her in her arms. 
"Oh my baby," she whispered repeatedly, "my sweet little
baby." Barbara seemed to get to her senses again, being rocked
back and forth in Joan's arms.
She looked Joan in the eyes and said: "That was so wonderful.
I can't believe the beautiful things you have done to me.
Please tell ne I am not dreaming. Please. I love you so much."
Joan looked deeply into Barbara's hazle eyes, feeling how she
got lost in them. 
"I love you too," she answered. "You're not dreaming. I do
love you. So much."
  
As they sat on the floor, Joan felt happier than ever before.
Meanwhile though she also felt a sort of sadness come through.
How long could this last? Barbara held her heart forever. But
what if it all had to end one day? Chances for that were big.
Joan decided to squeeze Barbara tightly to make herself forget
all sadness. And when she kissed Barbara's lips, the last sad
thought vanished from her mind.
  
                            THE END 

Well, I hoe to get your feedback soon!!
--
