

                                 COUSINS

                 A family love fantasy by Day Dreamer

                               Chapter III


         After leaving Laurie's house, I went home and showered and
         changed clothes.  The telephone rang about an hour later, and
         pretending I didn't know about Aunt Betty's being there,
         Laurie invited me over for dinner.  The three of us had
         dinner together, and then Laurie and I volunteered to clean
         up the kitchen and put the dishes in the dishwasher.  During
         dinner and even now Laurie seemed to sparkle with a new
         animation.  There was a glow about her that hadn't shown
         before, and it was very becoming.

         Laurie had put on pants and a blouse that complemented the
         blue of her eyes, and her appearance together with this
         aspect of her personality made her even more desirable.  I
         ached to reach out and hold her in my arms just as she had
         been only a short time before down in the den.  I whispered
         to her so that Aunt Betty couldn't possible hear, "Laurie,
         maybe it's that outfit you have on, but I've never seen you
         look prettier.  God, Laurie, you're more than pretty, right
         now you're absolutely beautiful."

         Laurie leaned toward me, lightly brushed her lips across
         mine, and with a little soft, almost secret, smile whispered
         back, "Maybe you're just now really seeing me as a girl.
         Anyway, you've got to quit saying things like that when other
         people are around." Then with an impish smile, she said,
         "That keeps me from collecting my penance."

         "Okay, I promise to be good," I whispered, smiling back.

         "And you always keep your promises," she whispered, laughing
         softly into my ear.  Turning serious, she continued, "I
         really mean it, Danny.  We have to be careful and act just
         like we always do.  We can't give anyone ideas about us."

         "Yeah.  You're right, I know.  I really do promise I'll watch
         myself."

         The three of us watched television in the den for a couple of
         hours, and then I decided I had better go home and get ready
         for bed.  I had been home for about thirty minutes when all
         our folks drove up.  I listened to stories about Bridgeport
         for a while and then turned in.  I slept soundly, with no
         disturbing dreams of Laurie.

         The next evening, I went over to Laurie's to study for an
         English exam.  We had several classes together and often
         studied together.  We went to her bedroom to use her study
         desk.  Although it was not unusual for us to shut the bedroom
         door in order to study, this time we left it open.  As soon
         as we were seated, Laurie quietly cautioned, "Now you be sure
         and behave yourself."

         Half-irritated, I replied, "I SAID I'd be good, didn't I?"

         Laurie stroked her hand across my cheek and said, "I'm sorry,
         Danny.  It's just that we can't be too careful."

         "Well, you're not helping matters any," I replied, looking
         her up and down.  She was dressed in cut-offs that barely
         covered her crotch and the bottoms of her buttocks and her
         tight tanktop exposed every line in her bra.

         "Oh, gosh, Danny, I'm sorry.  I'm not used to guys being
         interested in me, and I didn't think how I might affect you.
         I guess it's my turn to say I'll behave." I could tell from
         her expression that she genuinely was sorry, and I yearned to
         reach out and hold her and ask her forgiveness for scolding.

         We finished studying around 9:00 o'clock and went down to the
         kitchen to have cookies and milk.  After swallowing the last
         drop of milk, I picked up my book, told Laurie I'd see her at
         school the next day, and headed out the back door to go home.
         Laurie followed me out to the dark of the back porch and
         whispered, "Wait, Danny."

         "Hmm?  What is it?"

         "I just found out all our folks are going back to Bridgeport
         Wednesday evening," Laurie whispered excitedly.  "They won't
         be back to around midnight.  Aunt Betty is even going this
         time."

         "Does that mean...?" I softly said.

         Laurie nodded her head, and with a look of elation, whisper-
         ed, "Yes, yes, yes.  It means we can continue...it means we
         can continue our...er, our dancing lessons," she finally
         said.  "That is," she said with a return of that impish
         smile, "you already have something planned for Wednesday
         evening."

         I reached out, pulled Laurie up close to me, and whispered
         directly into her ear, "Well, I had planned to stay home and
         read War and Peace."

         Laughing softly, Laurie hit me on the shoulder and said,
         "You'll pay for that."

         Holding her even closer, I murmured into her ear, "Laurie,
         you're the only thing in my plans."  She wrapped both arms
         around my neck and snuggled up real close.  I touched her
         chin, turned up her mouth to mine, and kissed her deeply.
         She opened her mouth to me, and our tongues fought a fencing
         duel.  Her hips pushed toward mine, and our whole bodies
         embraced.  My cock sprung to its full rigidity, and through
         the scant cover her cut-offs provided, she could feel the
         knot it formed.  She pushed hard against it, broke the kiss,
         and whispered, "Umm, you're just going to have to put that on
         hold for a while."  Then she reached out the tip of her
         tongue, brushed it across my ear lobe, and with a laugh so
         soft I could only feel it through our embrace, she murmured,
         "Maybe you can take a cold shower."

         Laurie pulled away from me, and turning serious, said,
         "Danny, I'm sorry.  That was mean.  I'll make it up to you.
         I'll have some...uh...some surprises for you Wednesday."

         "Surprises?  What kind of surprises?"

         "Silly, they won't be surprises if I tell you.  Now you run
         home and develop some patience."

         As I turned away, Laurie softly said, "Oh, Danny."

         "Hmm?"

         "Have a nice shower."

         I picked up a newspaper that was on the back porch and threw
         it at her.

                          *    *    *    *    *    *    *


         I thought Wednesday would never arrive.  First, I was fearful
         for the whole time that something would arise to make our
         parents change their minds or keep them from going.  Second,
         I had stayed in almost a constant state of erection for those
         two days, and had to change shorts twice a day because I kept
         soaking them with pre-cum.  I had been tempted several times
         to beat off to relieve the pressure, but each time decided to
         wait, to save it all for our "lesson time."

         All my fears came to naught, though, and 6:00 o'clock
         Wednesday evening, our parents and Aunt Betty drove off.  I
         waited for fifteen minutes to make certain none of them had
         forgotten something they would have to return for and then
         slipped out the back door and over to Laurie's house.  I
         didn't know what to expect when I got there--whether she
         would be waiting for me in the nude or what.  As it was, she
         wasn't.  In fact, she was dressed more fully that usual, with
         a loose blouse and long, full skirt.  Just as before, though,
         she had barely touched up with make-up, and just as before,
         she was stunningly beautiful.

         The way she was dressed confused me, though.  Last Monday,
         when we couldn't do anything, she had dressed like a little
         sexpot.  This evening, when we were alone, she was dressed
         like a girl from the Catholic high school.  What kind of
         signals was she sending--had she reverted to shyness with me,
         had she changed her mind about our "dancing lessons?"

         Laurie stepped up to me, put her hands behind my neck, and
         said, "Oh, Danny, I've been so nervous.  I've been so afraid
         something would happen and we'd have to call this evening
         off."

         "I've had exactly the same sort of feelings," I said.
         Because of being thrown off by her signals, I was uncertain
         how to proceed.  I desperately needed for her to give some
         sort of clear signal, to somehow point in a direction that
         would lead the way.  The last thing I wanted was to do
         something that would turn her away from me, and I hoped she
         would indicate what she wanted to do.

         Luckily, she came to the rescue by saying, "Let's go down to
         the den and put on some music."

         When we got down to the den, I saw the lights had been turned
         down dim.  My hopes soared and my heart beat a little faster.
         Even so, I still wasn't certain that could be considered a
         sure signal--the lights could have been turned that way
         accidently.  As soon as we got into the room, Laurie went
         over to the stereo and turned it on.  The music to "Three
         Times a Lady," a song Laurie knew to be one of my favorites,
         came out.  Laurie held out her arms to me and said, "Come
         dance with me, Danny."

         Now I really was confused.  Laurie had referred to this
         evening as our "dance lesson," and I thought she was just
         using a cute euphemism--now I wondered if "dance lesson" had
         been what she really meant.  She moved against me, and
         nestling close, put her head on my shoulder.  Holding her
         like that felt exactly right, and even if nothing else
         happened, I felt myself fortunate.  The music was some of my
         favorites, I had the joy of holding Laurie's body up against
         mine, and if that was all I would get, then that's what I'd
         happily accept.  Laurie put her hand to the back of my neck
         and lightly caressed it.  I could hear her breathing into my
         ear and responded by caressing her back.

         Suddenly, Laurie's tongue reached out and ran lightly in a
         little circle around my ear lobe.  There must be a direct
         nerve between the ear and the cock because my cock
         immediately sprang to attention.  I had been half-hard
         till this, but now my cock bloomed to its full dimension,
         pressing against the front of my jeans.  Laurie felt the
         surge and pressed herself hard against it.  With her mouth
         right at my ear, I could hear her breathing become harder and
         faster.  Nothing could be a clearer signal than that.

         I put my hands down to Laurie's buttocks and pulled her in
         even harder against my bulge.  The pressure made my cock
         throb and put out such a stream of pre-cum that I could feel
         a large circle of hot wetness all around it.  Very slowly, I
         started to ease her skirt up.  I wanted to put my hands on
         her panties, to move my hands under them and caress her bare
         skin, make direct contact with the sweet little handfuls of
         her buttocks.  I pulled the skirt almost to her waist and
         then put my hands down, feeling for the silken smoothness of
         her panties.  Instead of silk, I felt the soft, hot globules
         of her ass and the crevice that separated them.  Laurie was
         completely bare under her skirt.  Under the chaste, full
         skirt, Laurie was completely uncovered.  I had been looking
         for subtle signals, and she was hitting me between the eyes,
         instead.  I gently kneaded the twin little ripe melons of her
         ass and murmured, "Oh, Laurie, Laurie."

         "That's my first surprise," Laurie whispered.

         "First surprise?  There's others?"

         "In time, Mr. Impatience.  First, you have to make up penance
         for all the times you had to miss.  A kiss for each nice
         thing you've said,"  Laurie said, turning her face up to mine
         and opening her mouth for a kiss.

         "Oh, what a punishment," I said, my mouth hungrily seeking
         hers.  "I'm going to have to watch the things I say."

         Our mouths fought with each other, lip against lip, tongue
         against tongue.  She opened her's wider, completely
         surrounding mine, and nibbled and ate on my mouth.  Her
         tongue licked over my lips and all around my mouth.  She bit
         down gently on my lower lip, pulling it into her mouth, and
         sucked and fed on it.

         My hands continued to make love to her buttocks, to caress
         the flesh so close to her center.  I moved my fingers into
         their dividing cleft and slowly traced downward, seeking out
         the feminine treasures hidden below.  Further down, the
         crevice was wet, coated with her hot, slippery, sexual
         creams.  I moved my fingers up and down, sliding in the hot
         slickness of her lower crevice.  I worked two fingers down
         even further, to where I could feel the beginning of the hot,
         swamp of her woman sex.  The whole area between her legs was
         wet, wetter even than she had been before.  Cream coated the
         inside of her thighs, running in little rivers down her legs.

         I stroked my fingers across the inside of her thighs and
         Laurie spread them apart, giving me greater access.  Her
         breath panted into my mouth and her tongue made crazy
         gyrations in and around my mouth.  I dipped a finger into the
         liquid pudding of her pussy and rubbed around the edge of her
         vaginal opening.  She moaned and pressed the vee of her sex
         even harder against my cock bulge.  Still holding the kiss,
         Laurie pulled her hips away from mine and lowered her hand to
         the front of my jeans.  She moved her fingers over and around
         the bulge, and cupped and gently squeezed it.  It was my turn
         now to gasp, and I panted and moaned into her mouth.  Laurie
         finally broke the kiss just a little.  Holding her lips so
         that they just brushed against mine, she said, "Let's get
         naked."

         I reached for the buttons on her blouse to undo them, and she
         said, "No...I want to do it.  I want to undress for you.
         Just sit down there and let me put on the Laurie Show."
         Dumbfounded at my good fortune, I sat down on the sofa, my
         heart beating fast and my cock throbbing in anticipation of
         Laurie's show.

         Laurie stood there in front of me and slowly ran her tongue
         over her lips, making them even wetter and more poutty.  The
         music was still playing, and with half-closed eyes she
         started swaying to the music's slow beat.  Her hands went to
         the front of her blouse and with agonizingly slow movements,
         she unbuttoned it.  Moving the loosened front of her blouse,
         she flashed me a glimpse of one bra-covered breast and then
         the other.  The turned her back to me, and working the blouse
         loose from her arms, she shrugged and it fell to the floor.
         She slowly turned back, her hands in front, each covering a
         breast.  In a graceful motion, she sat down on the floor,
         carefully spreading the skirt so it covered almost all of
         her, and removed her shoes and socks.  She then stood,
         deliberately giving me a momentary view of her thighs.
         Although Laurie was still mostly dressed with skirt and bra
         still on, the pure sensuality of her actions coupled with the
         anticipation of what was still to be seen had me gasping and
         drooling: gasping for breath and drooling a flood of excited
         pre-seminal secretions.  I caught myself holding my breath
         and had to force myself to breathe normally.

         Laurie next put her hands behind her back, feeling for the
         catch of her bra.  I could see the cups fall loose from her
         breasts as the catch came undone.  She turned her back to me
         once more and shrugged the straps from off her shoulders.
         When she turned back, she was holding the cups in place.
         Slowly she let the right one fall away, revealing the full
         breast, its nipple, and crinkled areola.  The other cup fell
         away and her arm and bra fell to her side.  Her breasts were
         now completely bare, nipples upright at rigid attention.  She
         let the bra fall to the floor and then threw back her
         shoulders, raising her mounds to stand proudly in all their
         magnificence.  She put her finger tips to her mouth, licked
         them, and then ran the saliva over her nipples and areolas,
         teasing them to even greater rigidity.  She looked directly
         into my eyes, and the look told me she was enjoying showing
         her body to me.

         Catching the beat of the music again, Laurie started once
         again to sway--her eyes hooded over and half-closed.  She put
         her hands under her breasts and caressed them.  Then, slowly,
         the hands stroked down her exposed middle to the top of her
         skirt.  She undid the button and the skirt loosened from her
         waist.  I held my breath in anticipation of its fall to the
         floor, of the awaited view of the very essence of Laurie's
         sex.  She thwarted my desires by catching the skirt and
         turning away from me.  She dropped the skirt so that one
         buttock was revealed and then down even further so the mounds
         of both her perfect ass globes could be seen.  Then she
         released the skirt and it fell to the floor, forming a circle
         about her feet.  Her whole back was now totally revealed to
         me--the smooth arch and the cleft that split her ass and
         curved under to her hot core.

         She stepped out of the circle of her skirt, spreading her
         thighs, and I had a brief glimpse of the swollen lips and
         glistening valley of her vulva.  With a graceful pivot, she
         turned back to me.  An arm now covered her breasts and a hand
         fanned in front of her sex, like a flesh-and-blood fig leaf.
         Then she lowered her arms to her side, closed her eyes, bowed
         her head, and stood immobile, an young Venus, a perfect
         nymph, a fully revealed child-woman.  No where in the world
         could there have been someone more beautiful, a girl more
         desirable, a woman more sensual than Laurie was at that
         moment.

         I realized I had been holding my breath through the final
         minutes of her revelation, and I gasped for air, dizzy-
         headed.  I wanted to applaud, stamp my feet, stand up and
         cheer, but all I could do was sit there, struck mute.  Before
         my very eyes, little shy Laurie had been transformed.  Like a
         butterfly emerging from its cocoon, Laurie's new-found
         sexuality, her new sparkle, was turning her into a newer,
         even more beautiful and desirable woman.

         Laurie walked to me, leaned over, and kissed me every so
         gently on the lips.  When she did, her thighs spread and the
         lips of her sex split wide, revealing the whole secretion-
         coated area.  Her juicy cream had continued to flow and
         covered the insides of her thighs almost down to the knees.
         I put my hand down and stroked through the slick coating,
         sliding up to make contact with her inflamed vulva.  "Oh, I'm
         so wet," she said.  "Wetter than even last time.  Without
         panties, I'm running just all over the place.  I need to get
         a cloth and dry myself."

         "Don't you dare," I said.  "I love the way you cream like
         that, and I want you keep all of it."  I put my whole palm
         against the inside of her thigh and stroked my hand through
         the slick juice, caressing from her knee to flax-covered edge
         of her labia.

         Laurie pulled back from me and said, "No, not yet, Danny.
         You get naked first.  Put me on a show now.  Put me on a
         Danny show." Then, dropping her hand so that her fingers
         stroked through her love juice, she said, "Make me even
         wetter, Danny."

         Though I knew anything I might do would appear clumsy, even
         ludicrous, compared to Laurie's stunning and beautiful
         revelation of her body, I wanted more than anything in the
         world to please her, to try to give her pleasure in return
         for that she had just given me.  So, in imitation her
         actions, I stood up, moved in front of her, and removed my
         shirt, slowly and what I hoped would be teasingly.  Instead
         of sitting to remove my shoes, I lifted each foot and removed
         my shoes and socks that way.  I undid the top button of my
         jeans, and slowly, inch by slow inch, lowered the zipper.
         The front of my jeans fell open, revealing my upper groin,
         still concealed by my Jockey shorts.

         Laurie had been silent, watching my every movement.  One of
         her hands had fallen to between her thighs, where she was
         tracing a small circle with her finger tips in the coating of
         wet cream that had flowed over her there.  She seemed to be
         caught up in watching me and oblivious to her hand action.
         It may have been stimulating to her, but the sensuality of
         the action was even more stimulating to me.  I continued to
         watch her hand as I slowly lowered my jeans downward to my
         thighs, allowing my pent-up erection to fill out the front of
         my shorts.  Laurie's finger tips moved upward and stroked the
         crease that formed the line between her hip and mount of
         Venus, tracing the line back and forth.  I pushed my jeans
         all the way to the floor and stepped out of them.  Then I
         thrust out my hips, forcing my still-hidden but bulging hard-
         out out for her view.  Laurie moved her fingers even higher,
         right along the edge of her labia, gently and idly stroking
         and caressing the beginnings of her pleasure center.

         I turned my back to her then and started lowering the shorts
         down over the cheeks of my ass.  I pulled them down below my
         hips and leaned over from the waist to remove them from my
         feet.  I knew that pose would reveal my balls hanging down,
         the bush of hair surrounding them, and the base of my cock.
         I held the pose for more than necessary to give her a longer
         view.  Then I turned back to her, my cock fully extended,
         inflamed, and dripping with my pre-cum flow.  I stood still,
         the only movement being my cock's little nods up and down as
         it throbbed in concert with each heart beat.  Her fingers
         were actually in her pussy now, and lightly stroked over and
         around her clitoris.  Whatever I may have thought of my show,
         it was obvious that Laurie liked it.  She parted her legs
         even more, and throwing her head back and moving her hand
         over her whole soaking vulva, she said hoarsely, "Oh, God,
         Danny, I'm practically gushing."

         Then, without waiting for anything else from me, she stood,
         put one hand behind my head, and with lips spread open and
         tongue already extended, she put her mouth to mine and kissed
         me deeply.  Her other hand dropped to my turgid cock and
         lightly stroked up and down its shaft.  Drops of lubricant
         that had been building up in my cock flowed over her fingers,
         and she spread my male juices over the swollen head and vein-
         covered shaft.  I groaned in the pure pleasure of her touch
         and thrust my swollen member against the hand causing me such
         sweet agony.

         At the same time, my hands hungrily sought her body.  I
         dipped one hand between her legs, feeling the oily secretions
         that flowed and covered her there.  One finger moved lightly
         and lovingly between the gaping, engorged labial lips, then
         upward to flick across her inflamed love bud, her throbbing
         clitoris.  She ground her whole pussy against my hand, and
         with an almost animal sound, growled into my mouth.  She took
         my lower lip into her mouth, put it between her teeth, and
         with gentle little bites nibbled and sucked on it.  "Danny,
         Danny," she sighed, "I've been wanting this so bad.  I've
         been wanting YOU so bad."

         "Oh, God, me, too.  I've been hard ever since I left here
         Monday, knowing about tonight.  All I could think about was
         seeing you like this, holding you like this, kissing you like
         this."  Our mouths came back together, and we ground our
         whole bodies against each other.  Her breasts were crushed
         against my chest, and her hips thrust up against mine.  Our
         thighs pressed together, and I could feel their wetness as
         they pressed against mine.  My cock had pressed downward and
         was lodged in the hot, liquid tightness between her thighs.
         The lubricity and the heat of her sex made me throb and
         thrust against her.  "Oh, Laurie, that's so good...so, so
         good,"  I murmured.

         Laurie twisted her thighs together and the head of my cock
         slid down even further, down to where I could feel the
         beginning of the slope into her cavity.  Oh, how I longed to
         thrust deeply into that pleasure place, to bury my hardness
         in its steamy heat.  Reluctantly, I pulled back.  Much more,
         and I might not have enough control to avoid driving my cock
         into her cavern and ripping apart the maidenhead that
         protected it.  Laurie was my best friend, my cousin, my
         almost-sister, and now, my lover.  I could not bear the
         thought of causing her any pain, most certainly the pain that
         would accompany penetration.  And even if that could be
         avoided, the thought of her getting pregnant was night-
         marish.  Maybe it was because I had sensed our common plight,
         but from the time of my very first memories of Laurie and me,
         I had always felt protective of her, wanting to shield her
         from any pain or unhappiness.  Even wanting her as badly as I
         did, I could not bear to think of the consequences of such
         action.  Reluctantly, I pulled my cock out of the exquisite
         liquid embrace of her thighs.

         Feeling the separation, Laurie said, "I think now's the time
         for my next surprise."  She stood up, walked over to the
         bookcase cabinet and took out a large, coffee-table size
         book.  She sat down, cross-legged in the floor, and patted a
         place beside her.  "Sit here," she said, "I've got something
         to show you.  Something I think you're going to like."

         I sat down on the floor next to her, cross-legged just like
         she.  My cock jutted out, still rock-hard, into the space
         between my knees.  I looked over at Laurie, and the lips of
         her pussy were spread apart, lips gaping, the shadow of her
         secret opening showing just at the bottom, the swollen bud of
         her clitoris peeping out at the top.  She saw the direction
         of my stare and asked, "Do I look sexy?"

         "Laurie, you make all the sex goddesses pale in comparison."

         She laughed a pleased laugh and said, "That one goes on the
         list.  But if you think I look sexy, wait until you see this
         book.  I found it by accident in the bottom of the bookcase.
         Mom and Dad must have got a long time ago and forgot about
         it.  I just glanced inside it and decided I wanted to save it
         for us to look at together."

         "What is it?" I asked excitedly, my curiosity rising to a
         peak.

         "It's a Swedish sex manual," Laurie said softly.

         "If it's Swedish, how can we read it?"

         "You don't have to read it, silly," Laurie said laughing.
         "The pictures in it speak for themselves."  Laurie opened the
         book to the first page and there was a collage of small
         photographs of people doing just about every sex act
         imaginable.

         "Wow!"  I said, letting it out slowly.

         "Just wait," Laurie said, and turned a couple of pages in the
         book.  There was a full-page, full-color photograph of a
         young couple about our age engaged in mutual oral love.  Her
         head was between his thighs and she was sucking avidly on his
         cock.  His head was between hers, and his tongue could be
         seen stroking up her wide-open slit.  From the expressions on
         their faces, they were both fully enjoying the ministrations
         of the other.  The action continued in the next several
         pages--she was licking his cock from top to bottom and he was
         licking the entire wide open space from the beginning of her
         ass crack to the very top of her streaming pussy.  In the
         next picture, the boy's cock was standing up straight and the
         girl was running her tongue in circles on that ultra-
         sensitive area just under his glans.  Come was jetting in big
         spurts from his cock, hitting her around the mouth and on the
         cheeks.  She was smiling, either from the pleasure of seeing
         his enjoyment or from the mutual pleasure he was giving her.
         In the next picture, the girl had the cock back in her mouth,
         gulping down the last of the boy's spurting love juice.

         She turned on in the book, and there were pictures of couples
         in their teens, twenties, forties, and even one gray-haired
         couple.  Cocks were in mouths, pussies, and in some cases,
         buried deep in the girls' rectums.  Couples were making love
         in every position--missionary, woman on top, doggie, and many
         variations of each.  I could hardly believe what I was
         seeing.  My breath was coming in gasps and my cock was
         throbbing so hard I thought it would explode.  "God, Laurie,"
         I said, "would you look at all that."

         Laurie turned back to the couple of teen-agers sixty-nining.
         She seemed fascinated with the pictures.  "God, Danny, isn't
         that a turn-on?"

         "Yeah, I really like that.  I liked it when I did it you and
         when you did it to me, but I felt bad when you were doing it
         to me because you couldn't be feeling the same pleasure I
         was.  Doing that way, we could both give and receive pleasure
         at the same time."

         "Danny, I want to try it all.  I want to do it all with you.
         And I want to start right now.  I feel like there's a balloon
         down here between my legs that's about to burst," she said,
         stroking her pussy.  "It's like an itch deep inside that
         needs to be scratched.  I've got to come, and come soon, or
         I'll die."

         "Yeah, me too," I said.  "If I don't get some relief, my cock
         and balls are going to explode."

         Laurie reached out and touched my cock, running her fingers
         over its head.  Juice ran all over them.  She put her fingers
         to her mouth and licked the juice, looking me right in the
         eyes.  "Let's do it at the same time like those kids in the
         book did it."

         "Oh, yesssss," I murmured.

         Laurie stretched out on the carpet, lying on her side.  I lay
         down beside her, my head right in front of her sex.  She
         reached out and lifted my top leg, then pillowed her head on
         my thigh, just as the couple in the book had done.  I lifted
         her thigh up high, and dove my face into the steamy swamp of
         her sex.  I was so high from my pent-up desires that I wanted
         to devour her sex, to wallow in her sexuality, to soak myself
         in her juices, to plunge my tongue, my mouth, my whole being
         into Laurie's swampy pleasure center.  I opened my mouth as
         wide as it would go and tried to suck all of Laurie's center
         into it.  She moaned and bucked her hips toward me, moving
         them in little circles, trying to get more of herself into my
         mouth.

         Laurie took the head of my cock into her mouth.  Her oral
         heat and liquid made it jerk almost like ejaculation, and
         drops of pre-cum spurted out onto her swirling tongue.  I
         moaned out my agonized ecstasy, trying to get even more of my
         cock into her mouth.  She grabbed the base of my cock,
         controlling my movements, preventing me from pushing
         completely down her throat.  Then, with a deep breath, Laurie
         gulped, and I could feel the entire length of my cock enter
         her mouth and down her throat.  I had heard of deep-
         throating, but to experience it was almost beyond belief.
         She pulled my cock out, before she started to gag, and I
         muttered, "Oh, God, Laurie.  That was so good."

         I moved my mouth to her thighs, licking their creamy coating,
         trying to get every drop into my mouth.  She did the same
         thing to me, scooping up the pre-cum that had dribbled there
         when I lay on my side.  Gradually, lick by lick, our mouths
         moved up to the centers of our sexes.  Laurie licked my
         balls, I drove my tongue directly into her cavern and pushed
         it in and out in slow, twisting movements.  Laurie worked her
         mouth down lower, and finding my little brown spot, made love
         to it with her tongue.  Little strokes circled around and
         around the opening, and then moved across it, backward and
         forward.  My hips began to move involuntarily, pushing back
         and forth, in feverish imitation of the thrusts my cock
         longed to make, the forbidden thrusts deep into that secret
         cave between Laurie's thighs.  I moved my mouth down and also
         made love to her rosebud, the crinkled nether hole of her
         anus.  She moaned and squeezed my head between her thighs,
         moving her buttocks in little circles under my tongue.

         Leaving her little pit quivering, I moved my mouth up to her
         deeper pit and circled my tongue around the edges of her
         juicy grotto.  Her feminine secretions were pouring from it,
         and I lapped them onto my tongue, savoring the tangy taste.
         My nostrils were filled with her woman scent, her musky
         female sex scent.  My senses were drenched in her sexuality--
         the touch of my mouth and tongue on the slick, swollen parts
         of her sex core, the taste of her gushing secretions, and the
         heady odor of aroused sexuality coming out all her pores.

         He had my cock back fully in her mouth now, and the heated
         movements of my loins pushed it in and out.  Her tongue
         caressed it and stroked under its head.  My ecstasy was
         climbing ever higher as I moved rapidly up the peak to
         orgasm.  I moved my tongue to her clitoris to give Laurie the
         same sensations she was lavishing upon me, and she started
         moaning around my cock and hunching her sex harder and harder
         against my mouth.  We each were so close to the mountain top,
         so close to rockets shooting off and thunder rolling.  We
         each increased the pace of our mutual orality, pressing each
         other to match climbs to fulfillment.  I could hear Laurie's
         ever higher moans as she wrapped her legs around my head and
         squeezed.  I could feel her belly convulse and her pelvis
         jerk in spasms.  I had my hands on her buttocks and they
         clenched into little hard knots as she pressed herself
         against me, orgasm spilling in undulations of ecstasy
         throughout the whole center of her sexual core.  In one final
         movement, she completely engulfed my cock, swallowing it to
         the base.  Her lips moved all the way to its base, and rested
         in the wet locks of drenched pubic hair.  She applied suction
         to the full length of my cock and it responded by giving up
         its essence, jetting spurt after spurt down her throat.  The
         sensation was almost beyond belief.  This is what it would
         feel like, I knew, if I could bury my cock in the deep recess
         of her pussy, if I could bore it into the slippery, clutching
         pit of her vagina.

         We each held like that for what seemed an eternity--she
         spasming between waist and knees and me jerking, spurting,
         and gushing forth my masculinity into Laurie's suctioning,
         gulping mouth.  I was flooded by her outpouring, drenched
         from hair to neck, loving and savoring the sensations.  I
         tried to drink her nectar, but it was too much for me.  Some
         ran down onto her thigh and some dripped off my mouth and
         chin.

         Gradually, we came down from the peaks of our orgasms.  The
         convulsions and spasms began to ebb into just little shivers
         and quivers.  She let my cock slip out of her throat and
         gasped for breath.  I pulled back slightly from the
         smothering confines of being locked into her sexual pit and
         gulped air into my lungs.  We lay there panting, quivering,
         shaking, coming down slowly as the pleasure flow faded.
         Finally, Laurie stirred and said in a whisper that was almost
         a whimper, "It just keeps getting better and better."

         "Yeah," I said breathlessly, "I feel like I died and went to
         heaven.  I feel like a bowl of Jello, like a limp noodle."

         "Oh, yes, me too," Laurie said, as she stretched, moving her
         head from between my thighs.  She got up on her hands and
         knees and turned toward me.  Her whole mouth was coated with
         my juice, with the spurtings of my cock.  It hadn't all been
         swallowed, some had run to the outside.  She pushed me over
         onto my back, and then crawled on top, face to face, belly to
         belly, wet sex to wet sex.  She lowered her mouth to mine and
         rubbed her mouth all over mine.  The slippery outpouring of
         my cock now coated my mouth as well as hers.  She opened her
         mouth to kiss me and I could see pools of my jism still
         coating its inside.  He put her jism-coated tongue between my
         lips, and it insinuated itself between them and plunged into
         my mouth.  Our saliva and juices mingled, the very essence of
         our whole beings comingling as she pressed fully against me
         and moved her lips and mouth so tenderly against mine.  I
         could hardly comprehend what we had just done.  I was totally
         in awe of her burgeoning sexuality, of the way she had moved
         from being a shy little school girl to a nymph from out of
         the most lascivious pages of ancient mythology.

         Laurie's creamy outpouring now began to flow onto me, to coat
         my cock, balls, stomach and thighs in her slipperiness.  She
         squirmed her pelvis on mine, spreading the warm juices.
         Laurie spread her thighs and moved her vulva so that it was
         in total contact with my half-shrunken cock.  The sheer
         sensuousness of her slick, wet skin against mine, the heat of
         her warm, flowing vulva against my cock brought a reaction.
         Blood immediately pumped back into my cock, inflating it,
         lengthening it out so it was once more rigid.  She clamped
         her labial lips on it and moved her pelvis up and down.  Each
         time she moved down, the bulbous cock's head brushed against
         the opening into Laurie's vagina.  Knowing heaven was so
         near, yet so far, made the sensation that much more
         voluptuous.  The entire length of my cock rubbed along her
         clitoris with each stroke, and I moved my hands down to
         clutch her buttocks and control the movement.  I was
         attempting to avoid the danger of such closeness leading to
         accidental penetration, but she wanted no part of it.  Moving
         against my hands, she lengthened her strokes so that each one
         brought my cock came closer and closer to slipping into her
         secret, warm woman's cave.

         Laurie stopped kissing me and whispered into my ear, "Danny,
         I want you in me.  I want to feel your cock inside.  I want
         for us to be totally part of each other.  Danny, make me a
         woman, totally and completely."

         "Oh, God, Laurie," I groaned.  "I can feel my cock right at
         the entrance to your vagina, and I want to push into it so
         bad I can taste it.  It would hurt you, though, Laurie.  I
         can't bear the thought of hurting you, not even a little bit.
         Laurie, I've never hurt you, and I won't hurt you now."

         Laurie said softly, "It won't hurt."

         "It won't hurt?  How do you know?  Laurie, do you mean you've
         already...."

         "Oh, my silly Danny," Laurie answered back.  "It's not what
         you think.  I've never been with another boy before--you're
         my very first one.  No, the reason I know it won't hurt is
         that I used the nozzle of my mother's douche bag to test it
         out.  The nozzle is about the same size and shape as a penis,
         so I tried to see if it would fit.  It went right it, without
         any pain at all.  I've read about girls who break their
         maidenhead by riding a bicycle or a horse, and since I've
         done both, I guess I'm lucky enough to not have to put up
         with the virgin's curse."

         My cock throbbed at the thought of thrusting into the hot,
         grasping hole that waited right at its head.  I had drenched
         Laurie's whole vulva and labia with my outpouring of pre-cum,
         so all it should take would be one good push of my cock.  But
         then I remembered the need for protection.  I had no rubbers
         and Laurie had no protection, so the thoughts of actually
         penetrating Laurie were banished.  No matter that we both
         desperately wanted and were on the very verge of going the
         final step in our love-making, the risk of pregnancy made it
         impossible.  Once more I groaned and then explained to Laurie
         that I had no rubbers and we simply couldn't take the risk.

         Laurie pushed up from me, leaving a void, leaving me with a
         vacant feeling.  She got to her knees, straddling me, and
         smiled with her secret smile.  "Time for my last surprise,"
         she murmured, standing to her feet.  She went over to the
         cabinet where she had gotten the book and took out a small
         box.  She brought it back, got down on her knees next to me,
         and put it in my hands.  "My last surprise," she said.  "A
         special gift just for us."

         I looked down at the box and almost shouted in joy.  Condoms!
         It was whole box--a three-pack--of condoms!

         "God, Laurie...rubbers!  This means...."

         "Yeah," Laurie said, "it means you can put your cock in me
         now.  It means you can make me a woman.  It means we can
         actually fuck."  Her words made a new surge of blood flow
         into my cock, and it swelled and throbbed like never before.

         "I've never used a rubber before," I said.  "I think all you
         have to do it just roll it on."

         "If it's that easy, let me put it on you," Laurie said,
         taking one of the condoms out of the box and tearing off its
         foil wrapping.  She took the rubber and put its cup over the
         glistening, wet head of my cock, and then started to roll it
         down onto its shaft.  I couldn't hold my pelvis still in the
         process, and jerked my hips in little movements and circles.
         "How do you expect me to do this with you moving all over the
         place," Laurie said, half-frustrated and half-laughing.

         I noticed, though, that the problem wasn't all me.  Laurie's
         hands trembled as she prepared me for the final expression of
         our sexuality, for the final consumation of our desire to
         possess each other.  She was excited as I was about the
         prospect of actual penetration, of having my cock buried
         deeply within her essence, the very core of her being.
         Despite our excitement, the rubber was finally rolled down
         all the way to the base of my cock and fitted like a second
         piece of skin.  Laurie grabbed my cock shaft and worked her
         hand up and down.  The lubricated rubber slipped up and down
         the shaft, sending jolts of love agony through me.  I groaned
         at her action and murmured, "Oh, Laurie, that's so good.
         Even with a rubber on, the feeling is still unbelievable."

         She looked down at my face, and her expectations, her
         anticipation of what was to come, showed in her eyes.  She
         lowered her mouth to mine and we kissed very softly and
         gently, our tongues just lightly stroking each other.  We
         could feel our hunger building, flaming, growing hotter, and
         we wanted to savor every nuance of this moment.  Our hunger
         for each other was not mere lust, it was the incandescent
         first flares of youthful sexuality reaching out to each
         other.  It was more, too, than raging sexual fire, it was a
         need to absorb each other, to devour, to possess each other
         totally.  We each needed to be completely a part of the
         other.

         Laurie broke the kiss and rolled over onto her back, the soft
         carpet cushioning her whole body.  Her knees lifted up and
         her thighs spread wide apart.  She moved her hands down to
         her swollen, dripping sex and spread the lips apart even
         wider than they were already gaping.  She was completely
         open, fully exposed, turned up to me, waiting.

         "Danny, I want you here, now.  I want your cock in me,
         filling me.  Make me fully a woman.  Make real love to me
         now, Danny."

         I got on my knees between her wide-spread thighs, scooting up
         so the very tip of my cock brushed against the slick-coated
         valley splitting them, and nestled it there lengthwise
         between the pouting labial lips.  The sensation of her heat
         and lubricity and the soft, wet labial pressure filled my
         senses almost to overflowing.  The urge to thrust the ramrod
         stiff member into her steaming love tunnel was almost
         irresistible, and I had to fight it, deferring that moment of
         truth, deferring what I knew would be the greatest pleasure a
         male and female can share: the pleasure, the sweet agony, the
         joy, the pain, the ultimate step of first penetration.  I
         gazed down at her breasts, swelling upward, their nipples
         engorged, rigid.  I wet my fingers in my mouth and lightly
         stroked them across the nipples, the areolas, and then all
         around the breasts.  Goosebumps of pleasure appeared and
         Laurie sighed.  Her hips moved in little involuntary undula-
         tions, reflecting her tingling, mounting ocean wave of
         desire.

         A surge of tenderness swept over me as I touched and caressed
         Laurie.  Sweet, precious Laurie.  My Laurie, waiting for me
         to fulfill our heart's desire.  I refused to question
         whatever fates had swept us together for this moment,
         determined only to make the most of them, to fulfill Laurie,
         to fulfill myself, to make us one.

         Laurie had closed her eyes during my caresses and was
         beginning to tremble ever so slightly.  Her hips were
         becoming more insistent, moving up and down, brushing against
         my cock lying there between our bodies.  Creamy juices were
         overflowing around my cock, and it became coated and even
         more lubricated.  Inside the rubber, I could feel my own flow
         seeping out and working its way around my cock, warm, slick,
         and liquid.  My cock brushed against her clitoris and
         Laurie's body responded in even greater trembling and
         pressing of her hips against my intruding member.
         "Oh, Danny, Danny," she whispered, "do it now.  I can't bear
         any more of this.  I can't wait any longer."

         Pulling back ever so slightly, I moved the head of my cock
         down to the opening of Laurie's little cave.  Pressing in
         just a little, its head lodged in the opening, spreading it.
         Just a beginning, and it was already tight and hot, so hot.
         I wondered about her "test" to see if my cock would fit and
         began to worry about whether she would experience pain.  Even
         if she wanted the pain, I'm not sure I could knowingly impose
         it.  I eased my cock in another half-inch.  It was still very
         tight.  And hot, steamy hot, and so voluptuous.  So far, no
         obstruction, no maidenhead guarding the entrance to Laurie's
         pleasure depths.  I pushed some more and got about two more
         inches of purchase.  It was tight, yes, but with my cock so
         rigid, penetrable.

         Laurie was giving no signs of pain.  To the contrary, she was
         moaning--moans of pleasure, not pain.  Her hands were
         stroking my back and holding my buttocks, almost seeming to
         urge me on, to encourage greater and greater penetration.  I
         was now half-way in.  I stopped at this point and just held
         in place, enjoying the sensation.  I leaned down and kissed
         Laurie, and asked, "Are you sure this doesn't hurt?"

         Laurie looked up at me and answered.  "No, no pain.  Tight,
         yes, but it doesn't hurt at all."

         Encouraged, I pushed a little more.  Laurie hunched her hips
         up to me assisting and helping to speed the process.  Another
         half-inch, and then another.  Suddenly, Laurie put her hands
         behind my buttocks and pushed, hunching her hips up to mine
         at the same time.  In one thrust, my buried itself, buried
         itself to its very base in Laurie.  Laurie went "Unnnhhhh!"
         as I hit bottom.

         I put my cheek down to Laurie's and murmured, "Oh, Laurie,
         I'm sorry.  I didn't want it to hurt.  I didn't want to hurt
         you."

         Laurie wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me all over
         my face, little kisses on my lips, my nose, my cheeks, my
         forehead.  "Oh, dear, sweet Danny.  You haven't hurt me.  It
         doesn't hurt at all."  She flung her head back, smiling, and
         said, "No, it feels...it feels...glorious!  Absolutely
         glorious.  Just like I dreamed it would feel."

         Laurie spread her thighs even wider and to my surprise my
         cock slipped in another half inch.  Our wet locks of pubic
         hair were intermingled, our pubic bones pressed hard against
         each other.  Laurie's ankles moved up and locked around my
         calves, her hips spread to their widest, her sex completely
         and wetly gaping around the base of my deeply buried cock.

         I moved my face to hers, my mouth eagerly searching.  Our
         lips blended, our tongues gliding softly and gently over each
         other.  Laurie's breasts were between us, little love
         cushions rubbing over my chest.  I moved my chest against her
         breasts, enjoying the sensation of bare skin to bare skin.
         Her nipples were hard little nubbins, and I could feel them
         press into my flesh.  Then I wrapped my arms completely
         around Laurie, lifting her, holding her tight against me.
         Unmoving, we lay locked together, flesh against flesh,
         interlinked through the throbbing connection of the eternal
         yin and yang merged together into just one.

         We lay like that several minutes, each of us revelling in and
         enjoying the other's presence.  Me, the presence of a hot,
         lubricous envelope clasping my cock in a longed-for, so
         desired embrace.  She, the filling presence of my swollen and
         solid member lodged deep within her belly.  It beat and
         throbbed in tempo with my heart beat, and she was able to
         feel each throb, each pulse within her heated grasp.  I felt
         ten-feet long.  My rigid shaft felt like it was impaled in a
         hot, slick glove.  Rapid-fire, joyous thoughts kept spinning
         through my head: "I'm in Laurie...I'm actually buried to the
         hilt...I really have my cock deep inside Laurie...My God, I'm
         actually making love to Laurie...  At long last, Laurie and I
         are actually fucking."

         Laurie started moving first--little, tentative movements of
         her hips against mine.  I followed suit, pushing back at her,
         timing so we drew back and drove forward in perfect rhythm.
         Our strokes were about a half-inch, just enough for her to
         feel my cock move within her hot tunnel.  Little by little,
         the strokes lengthened, until I was pulling out until just
         the head was still in place and then slowly pushing back in,
         inch by inch, until I was once more filling her cavity.  I
         speeded up my strokes and then reverted to slow-motion,
         alternating back and forth.  Laurie moaned each time I
         reached bottom and the base of my cock brushed against her
         clitoris.  Seeing her reaction, I drove all the way to the
         hilt and then rubbed the base of my cock in little short
         movements, brushing it up and down, and rubbing her clitoris.
         Laurie threw her head back and shouted, "Danny, I coming
         again!  I'm coming again so soon!"  Her back arched, her
         buttocks clenched tight, and she pushed up hard against me,
         shuddering and gasping.

         I held in place as she was overtaken by orgasm.  The walls of
         her pussy had clamped down so hard on my cock that I couldn't
         have moved if I had wanted to.  The hot walls of her pussy
         were like a molten hands, grasping and pulsing against my
         cock, sending it into its own little pulses and jerks.  Her
         orgasm almost brought on mine, and if I had been able to
         move, I'm sure I would have gone over the crest with her.

         Her mouth sought out mine and the passion of her orgasm fired
         her kiss.  She appeared to be oblivious to all except our
         kiss, our bodies, and the blazing streams of pleasure
         centered where our sexes were joined.  Gradually, Laurie's
         spasms eased up and her muscles relaxed.  She broke the kiss
         and murmured,  "Better, and better, and better.  Each time it
         only gets better."

         I renewed my movements, thankful for her few moments of
         lassitude so that I could continue.  Gradual movements at
         first, then more rapid ones.  Short strokes, then long ones.
         Lots of strokes, then pause.  Laurie had returned to our
         pleasure and was again fully getting into the act.  She moved
         her legs up from my calves and wrapped them around my hips,
         then up so that they were around my waist.  She clutched at
         me, holding me around my neck with her arms and around my
         waist with her legs.  She was completely off the floor now,
         moving in complete concert with my movements, matching
         strokes and withdrawals one for one.  I was getting close,
         close, close.  My cock felt like it had swollen and was an
         engorged log ramming in and out of Laurie.  She was panting,
         crying, and moaning all at the same time.  I was no better,
         with my grunts, cries of pleasure, moans, and gasping,
         panting breath filling the room.  I fell down on top of
         Laurie, crushing her to the floor.  Then I got on my knees,
         spread her thighs to their fullest, and pumped in and out,
         using the longest thrusts possible.  Laurie and I were both
         crying and screaming, "Oh, it's good!  Oh, I'm coming!  Here
         it is, here it comes!"

         Then our explosions came, like star-bursts, like all the
         Roman candles in the world going off at once.  I wrapped my
         arms completely around Laurie, crushed her to me, crushed her
         mouth to mine.  We could hardly kiss for our pants and moans,
         but it was imperative that we blend as much of ourselves
         together as possible, that the pleasure flow between us at
         every point.  I fell on top of her again and her legs wrapped
         around me.  She humped her pussy against me, over and over,
         until the movements lessened and she lay still.  Slowly, the
         muscles in our buttocks unclenched, and we lay spent,
         satiated.  Our only movement was a continuation of the small,
         fluttery, clutching spasms of Laurie's pussy around my cock
         and my continuing little ejaculatory spurts, spewing out the
         last of my come.  My hot emissions filled the rubber, and my
         cock was bathed in the flow.  Laurie's flow covered the
         outside of the rubber, and my cock felt it was immersed in a
         scalding bath.  Our mouths continued its kiss, gradually
         becoming more gentle as the intensity of our orgasms grad-
         ually ebbed.

         We lay locked in each other arms, neither wishing to move, to
         disturb the beauty of that moment in time.  My cock was
         finally beginning to shrink, and I could feel it begin to
         fill less and less of Laurie.  After about five minutes, it
         once more lay in Laurie's wet pussy channel.  Laurie finally
         stirred, opening her eyes, and stared into mine.  "Danny, I
         don't even know how to talk about it.  That was better than
         all the good things that have ever happened to me wrapped up
         into one."

         "Laurie, I think you know you've always been my special
         person, and this made it even more that way."

         "Danny, I've always planned for my first time to be with
         you." Laurie kissed me on the lips and continued, "I never
         thought it possible, but it was better even than I dreamed it
         would be.  Thank you, Danny, my dear, sweet Danny."


         Suddenly, there was a noise out in the dark stairwell, and
         the sound of a person's throat-clearing.  Then a voice:
         "Ahem.  I guess it's okay for me to come in now."  There, to
         our horror, coming into the den, was Aunt Betty.
