Copyright (c) 1997, Drake,    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net.





This story  is fictional  and of an  adult nature. Please don't
read this  if your offended  by pre-adult  sex or if your under
the age of 18.

I've been having some serious  problems with my e-mail but they
have  been  fixed  if you  want  me to  e-mail  you any  of the
stories, 1-4, that your missing then e-mail me.




                          Cousin Linda                        
             Story #2 in the Archman Family Series
          

Mike was on his  way to his  aunt's house.  Normally Mike would
be happy to see his aunt, uncle, and cousin but not under these
circumstances. Mike recalled everything that had happened a few
days earlier as his mother drove him to his aunt's house.

"I love Mike and  he loves me, so why can't we make love?" Suzy 
argued to  her parents.  Mike pretty  much hid  behind  his big
sister the whole argument.

"Because it's just not normal! It's wrong!" Although their were
plenty of  reasons why  Mike and his older  sister shouldn't be
having sex, their  parents only  looked at the  least important
ones.  Their parents worried  what others would  think of them,
what others would  think of their two  children, they knew that
what their kids were doing wasn't normal, and they worried that
their kids weren't normal either.

Suzy put up as best as an argument as any lawyer could of.  She
protested  when her  mother packed  Mike's bags, when  Mike was
dragged away, and she broke down and cried as her brother drove
away in the  back seat of  their mother's car.  Suzy and Mike's
parents wanted to put some distance between them, thinking that
it would solve the problem.  It solved the  problem for a short
while but as soon as the summer was over and Mike returned from
his aunt's  house, they  would have  to find a  more  permanent
solution.

When Mike's mother had called her sister and told her that Mike
was going  to stay  with her  for the  rest of  the summer, she
didn't  give her  any explanation.  Shelly could  tell that her
sister was  mad about  something but  unlike usual, she  didn't
want to talk about it. Shelly told her husband and her daughter
that Mike would be staying with them for a while.

Mike wondered  who the  crazy woman  in the front  seat was and
where his  understanding,  loving, supportive  mother had gone.
Before this  had happened  Mike could talk to his  mother about
anything.  But just  as his  relationship with  his sister  had
changed, so  had the one with  his mother.  Mike wanted to stay
with his sister but  getting away from the two crazy people who
were once his parents, was a relief.

Mike decided  to think about more  pleasant things.  He thought
about the big house and all the acres his aunt owned.  He loved
the nice quiet coastal town his aunt lived in. The sea might do
him some good after all.  His cousin had just finished learning
how to drive, maybe she would take him somewhere.

Usually when  ever Mike's family would  see each other  after a
long time there  would be a lot of talking and hugs.  You could
believe Shelly's surprise when she saw Mike jump out of the car
and his bags flying after him. Then, without a hello or a good-
bye, his mother drove off. Mike's uncle, Henry, helped him with
his things. Mike would be staying in the room his cousin, John,
once used (before he went off to the navy).

After two  weeks, Mike  started to  adjust to  how things  were
going.  Linda was like a  sister to him.  He needed that, since
his sister was hundreds of miles away from him. Linda took Mike
almost everywhere  with her as he had hoped.  She'd always show
her cute little 10 year old cousin off to her friends.  

Sometimes Suzy would call him.  Mike and his 11 year old sister
would usually talk about what was  happening and what they'd do
when he got back.  They planned to act  like they had just been
going through some  sort of weird phase  like their parents had
hoped and whenever their parents left the house they would have
sex again.

When Linda wasn't driving her  cousin all over town she usually
invited a friend over. Today it was Carla.  Carla came over the
most out of  Linda's friends.  Sometimes she even  drove around
with them. Like Mike's cousin Linda, Carla was sixteen. She had
a well shaped body although she was a little short for her age,
slim hips, long black hair, and crystal blue eyes.  

It was a hot  summer's Saturday  afternoon, they  had just  had
lunch and  everybody  was  feeling  rather  mellow and  sleepy.
Shelly and Henry had  gone out of town for a two days and Linda
was to watch over Mike (which she would of done anyway).  Linda
and Carla were  lying on the lawn  sunbathing.  Mike was in his
room lying on the bed listening to the radio.  His bedroom door
was slightly ajar when he heard someone knocking. A few seconds
later he saw Carla pop her head around the door. 

"Mind if I keep you company for a while?" she asked. 

"No, come in," Mike replied. 

She entered his  room, she still had her bikini on with a towel
around her waist.  Mike turned  off the radio.  The bikini top,
barely covered  her firm  breasts and she looked  stunning with
her body still  covered in tanning lotion.  She told  Mike that
his cousin was  taking a nap.  Carla said she  didn't feel like
sleeping and she  had heard the  radio on in his room.  She sat
on the edge  of the bed with her  body turned towards Mike.  He
couldn't take  his eyes off her.  Mike could  smell the coconut
lotion on her body.  Mike was sitting next to her with his arms
down by his side, he was  bare chested and just wearing shorts,
like usual.  Although she  didn't look  like Suzy, she reminded
him of her for some reason.

They started  chatting about  what the  three of them  could do
that night.  Linda's uncle  (on her  dad's side, which made him
unrelated  to Mike)  owned a bar  close by  and Linda  took him
their often.  He suggested they go there. 

Without  warning, she  gently  laid her  hand on his  chest and
asked, "Would  you like to  have sex with  me?".  Her hand slid
down to the bulge in  his shorts and gently  massaged his cock.
Mike looked down at her hand then he stared back at her. He had
only been with his sister  once, before they got caught and sex
had been new to both of them.  He wanted to have sex but he was
a little scared.

As if reading  his mind she said, "Relax, I'll tell you what to
do."

She stood up, unwrapped  the towel from her waist, and took off
her bikini top.  All Mike  could do was  stare at the  gorgeous
body standing in  front of him.  She had tits with nipples that
turned up slightly, which  intensified his hard-on.  Mike had a
double bed and  she told him  to move over.  She lied  down on
the bed.  Mike was  still in a state of shock.  She told him to
lie back.  Carla leaned  over him and  caressed his  chest with
her  hand.  Although  he had  kissed  girls before, he'd  never
frenched  and was  surprised  when he felt  her  tongue in  his
mouth. She pulled her lips away from his, gently tugging on his
lower lip as she did. 

"Good kisser," she said, as her  hand slid down and  started to
unbutton his shorts.

She pressed a tit  into his mouth and Mike felt her nipple with
his  tongue.  He  suckled on  it for a  while.  Then  using his
tongue, he played with it.  As he did this, she moaned.  By now
Mike's cock  was raging  hard.  She had  unbuttoned his shorts.
She  sat up,  pulled  his  shorts  and  undies off.  She  began
stroking his cock with her hand.  He felt the tension rising.

Sensing he would cum if she carried on much longer, she stopped
stroking him.  She lied  back on the bed and  told him to kneel
over her. As he sat up and kneeled  over her, he noticed a dark
wet patch on her  bikini panties.  Mike pressed and rubbed hard
with his hand against her wet bikini panties. He slid the waist
band down and as the bikini panties rolled off he saw her clean
shaved pussy.

Her  pussy  looked  delicious.  She  sat up and  reached  for a
pillow. She put the folded pillow under her butt and positioned
herself so that Mike  would be on his  knees at the side of the
bed, with his  back to the door.  She then raised her knees and
spread her thighs.

In front of him  was her wet shaved pussy.  He could  smell her
sweet scent.  Spreading her  pussy lips, she started to rub her
clit. Carla told Mike to get his tongue under the little "hood"
where her  clit was.  His  cock was  throbbing.  He spread  her
pussy lips and started to lick  away at her.  The smell and the
taste of  her  pussy  was  driving  him  crazy, he  was  really
enjoying  eating her out, but  his hard  cock was having  other
ideas.  Carla was  moaning and arching her back.  Every now and
then she would run her hands through his hair and push his face
into her pussy.  Carla was getting really wet.  Her moaning got
louder and she was arching her back. He spread her lips further
apart and he licked her  even harder, rubbing his tongue up the
inside of her spread lips  deep into her fuck hole.  He started
to flick his tongue in and out of her. He felt her tighten, she
was  going wild.  It got  to be  really  hard  for him  to keep
flicking at  her pussy.  Carla let  out a  squeal as  her  body
spasmed then relaxed.  Her pussy was dripping wet.

Mike felt somebody behind him. Looking around he saw his cousin
with a huge smile on her face. 

"Having fun are we?" Linda asked.

Linda  stood up and started  to remove her  bikini top, she had
shorts on  but those  came off  and so did  the bikini panties.
Linda walked over to  Carla and whispered something in her ear.
Carla got up and  Linda took her  place on the bed.  She spread
her  legs and  Mike could  see a clear  view of  her pussy, now
drooling cream. 

"Hey Mike," she said with a mischievous grin, "Come here.  I want
to see you face to face."

Mike began to crawl up to her.  Linda had a good body just like
her friend but bigger tits.  When Mike came up to  her big tits
he paused.  He paused not only because he wanted to look at her
tits but because his cock had reached her pussy lips.  His cock
was so hard and bulging that it hurt.

"Come on," she said with the same grin, "I want to see you face
to face." He wasn't sure whether he should slip his cock in her
or not.  Her pussy  lips opened  wider and looked so  much more
inviting.  He  decided  not  to, at  least  not yet.  He pulled
upward  just enough  so that  his cock  wouldn't slide  in her.  
Linda saw  this and  pushed her  hips  upward, engulfing Mike's
dick.  As his cock plunged into her, she let out loud moan.  He
continued to crawl up to her  face with his cock sliding deeper
inside her.  

"You have such beautiful eyes," she said staring into his light
green eyes.

Linda  wrapped her legs  around him and began working her hips.
He began  thrusting his  cock in and  out of her with the move-
ments of  her hips.  She began to  moan and whimper  with every
thrust.  Although his cock was still bulging hard, it no longer
hurt.  He hadn't realized it  before because of all the excite-
ment but someone else in the room was whimpering along with his
cousin.  

He turned  his head and saw Carla on the bean  bag watching him
and Linda.  She had  her knees up  and her thighs  spread wide.
She had  one  full  hand  almost  inside  of her.  He felt  the
tension  rising  again and  began to breathe  in little  gasps.
Linda's and Carla's noises easily drowned out his own.  

"Yes! Yes! Yes! Uh! Uh! Uh!"  Linda screamed out as she wrapped
her arms  and legs  tighter around him.  She began  working her
hips  faster.  "Faster, FASTER!" she yelled.  He pumped  her as
fast as he  could but  Mike  couldn't  keep  up  with her.  The
tension he  felt  kept  building  up.  He knew  he'd cum  soon.
He thrusted deeper instead. "OH GOD!" she screamed, "AHHHH!".

She collapsed on the bed. Linda's face and chest were dark red.
Her tits  looked  as if  they  were  ready to  burst.  Her legs
unwrapped  from around him and her  arms fell to her side.  Her
eyes were watery.

"Are you  alright?" He asked  Linda, as he  continued to plunge
himself in her.  He felt more and more  tension rise with every
thrust.  It got to be  too much.  Mike shoved his  cock all the
way up  into  Linda's  belly as it  squirted  cum.  He had felt
relieved but he didn't feel like he had when he had cummed with
his sister.  He didn't  feel  completely done.  They were  both
panting and he was unwilling to move.

He felt two hands gently push him off his cousin. "It's my turn
now," Carla said playfully.

Linda  got up and walked  over to the  bean bag that  Carla was
sitting  in a few  moments earlier.  He stared at her.  She was
still panting when she slumped happily into the bean bag.

She looked at Carla and said, "Well, I'm waiting." 
 
He turned facing Carla.  She was on the floor  crawling towards
Linda.  Her ass was  towards him and he  couldn't see her face.
He could see her  pussy lips though, that were still soken wet. 
He noticed a black lace wrapped around her belly.

She lowered her head down into Linda's spread legs.  His cousin
began moaning and whimpering again.  His cock hardened.

Mike crawled  over to Carla.  Her ass  was  staring  him in the
face.  He stood up on his  knees so that he  could see the back
of her head.  He moved closer so that  his waist was up against
her butt.  When he felt his cock up  against her  pussy lips he
pushed.  Although her  pussy was tight, it didn't feel quite as
tight as his  cousin's  and  not  nearly  as  tight  as his big
sister's had felt.  She pushed back at him engulfing his entire
cock.  He continued to  pump her, only now  he grabbed the lace
and pulled her all the way back.

Linda had her legs spread open as wide as she could.  Her hands
were clenched around  Carla's hair.  She whimpered, letting out
an occasional  loud moan.  Linda's  tits shook  along  with the
rest of her  body as Carla  shoved her tongue in and out of her
pussy.  Mike pummeled Carla's pussy with his cock which made it
hard for her to keep licking Linda.  Carla had her knees on the
floor, her hands spreading Linda's legs wider, her head down in
between Linda's legs, and a soken wet  pussy which Mike slid in
and out of with ease; over all, she was happy.

Mike released  the lace and reached  all the way up to  Carla's
tits.  He gripped her  tits and began  slamming her  back, into
him.  Carla let out a few cries.  Mike heard Linda cry out.  He
looked up at her and saw her lay her head down into the pillow.
Carla stopped  licking Linda and gave  Mike her full attention.
She started ramming her  butt in to Mike with  every one of his
thrusts.  Her body shook even more with every time they slammed
together.  He felt her body spasm, she let out a loud cry.  She
stopped for a moment then continued.  He felt he would cum.  He
gripped her  harder and  shoved  his  cock all  the up her.  He
spewed cum all over the  inside of her belly.  He felt his body
shake as his balls emptied themselves completely.  This time he
was done.

The three  of them  got dressed  and sat  talking.  Linda could
see, that Mike was not quite  sure of what to think of what all
just happened.  Linda explained to Mike that she had over heard
one of his  conversations  with  his  sister  and  that it  had
intrigued her. She asked Carla if she would help her "Make Mike
feel  more  at home".  Carla had  always  had  fantasies  about
younger guys [and girls] and had  found Linda's cousin so cute,
so she decided  that they  should team  fuck him (they did most
things together).

Later that night  Carla and Linda  continued to team fuck Mike.
This of course isn't the end of Mike's summer, just a few weeks
later...  Well, I'll tell you about that next time.  Till then.


Drake


-














--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....