Archive-name: Amazon/cowgirl1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Cowgirl - Part 1


I was sitting in a booth at a Country Western Bar that I was visiting for
 the first time.  I was there about two hours watching the place fill up
and waiting for the band to come back from break.  I was downing my third 
beer and waiting to get up the nerve to ask one of the girls to dance.  I
had no one in particular in mind, but the place was full and there were
plenty of women to choose from.

Just as I finished my beer, the waitress came over and placed another one 
on the table.  She said it was complements of the customer sitting at the 
bar.  I could hardly see the bar area because my view was blocked by all
the customers.  I just waved in that general direction, a freindly 
salute and started to drink the beer.  Many images were going through
my mind, wondering who bought me the beer.  As I was looking down at my
glass, I sensed that someone was standing next to my booth and I quikly
looked up.  

She was amazing.  She stood at least 6'2" and had gorgeous long blonde
hair.  Her stature was immense.  She was at least 200lbs with broad 
shoulders and very large breasts.  She had on a cowboy hat, overalls and
snake skin boots with steel toes and spurs.  I just stared at her
completely speachless.  She finaly said, "Well aren't you going to 
invite me to join you?".  I studdered, "Yes, of course".

She sat down on the same side I was on and slid all the way over pressing
me into the wall.  She put her arm around me and gave me a firm squeeze.
I felt my heart pounding and my groin comming to life as she looked me
in the eye.  She said, " I'm the Sheriff around here and how would you
like to be my deputy"?  I just nodded my head and felt a gulp in my
throat.  This was not a woman who took no for an answer and I was 
totaly confused by her agressive tactics.

Before I new it, she grabbed me by the back of the neck and pulled me
toward her.  She opened my mouth with her tongue and stuck it half way
down my throat.  Her other arm reached into my croch and started 
squeezing my balls.  I felt completely helpless.  I was beeing crushed
by an amazon and was loving every second of it.  We both began to 
breath heavily and were getting very turned on.

After what seemed like eternity, she removed her tongue from my mouth
and said, "Let's go back to my place for a little bull riding".  I
couldn't believe what I heard, but ackwardly smiled and said, "That
sounds like a great idea, lets go".

She grabbed my hand and pulled me out of the booth without any effort.
She put her arm around my waist tightly and said, "Your coming with me".
I was very embarassed.  I felt like everyone in the bar was stairing at
me as I was being dragged down the aisle by a large cowgirl and trying
to cover up the large bulge in my pants.

When we got out in the parking lot she picked me up over her shoulder and
threw me into the front seat of her pickup truck.  She started the engine
and proceeded to burn rubber out of the parking lot.  As we headed for
her apartment she looked at me and said, "I hope you are up for this,
because I have big plans for my little deputy".  I just smiled and 
staired at her huge arms as they flexed holding the steering wheel.

After what seemed like eternity, we finally arrived at her apartment.
She walked over to my side of the truck, opened the door and hoisted
me over her shoulder again.  She carried me into the living room and 
body slammed me onto the couch.

She proceeded to talk, "I am a very overpowering woman and I demand 
strict obedience.  You will do everything I say if you want to get out
of here alive.  Do you understand little man?"  Out of fear and
excitement I said, "Yes of course, your the boss".  I new she could
overpower me, but the thought excited me to know end.

She commanded me to remove all of my clothes for the next ritual. I quickly
removed everything and stood there, very embarassed from the sight of my
erection.  She said, " Get on your knees in my presence, little man".  I
got to the floor immediately.  She proceeded to remove her overalls.  This
was a slow process because they were very tight fitting.  After they were
removed, she stood there in all her glory.  All that she wore was the
cowboy hat and the deadly boots.  She was magnificent.  She was extremely
muscled from head to toe.  Her calves popped out like grapefruits as she
turn around to give me a rear shot.  I started to tremble on the floor
stairing at her magnificense, knowing that I have just met the girl of my
dreams.

To be continued...
--
