Archive-name: Affairs/coworker.txt
Archive-author: Walt St. George
Archive-title: Co-Worker


This story is intended for private use and may be copied as
desired. It may not be sold or reproduced for any type of monetary
gain or other purpose.


I am a 29 year old male and work for a medium size corporation in
Long Beach. I am single but have a 27 year old girlfriend that
would knock the socks off any man. Mandy is five seven, blonde hair
and blue eyes with the most fantastic body ever. She worships me
and we get along great. Best of all, when I want it, she never says
no. That is why I can't figure out why what happened, happened.

In our office, there are a few young attractive women and a lot of
women in the 35 to 45 age range. All or most of them are married
and have families. This one lady, Peggy, is about 40, oriental,
very attractive for her age and her figure is still dynamite. She
has nice medium-size breasts and shapely legs. She has a few lines
in her face but her hips have a motion to them when she walks on
her high heels that attract any man's eyes. Peggy is a real
sweetheart. She is always kind and considerate. She always dresses
very professional and is the last woman I would suspect of having
an office affair. 

So, we were working on a project together one week and spending a
lot of time working in the file room. The file room is in the
basement and is pretty secluded and there is almost never any one
in there. This is a large room with row after row of four drawer
file cabinets. There is really too much stuff in there for the size
of the room because the aisles are rather narrow. On our second day
down there, Peggy was wearing a long, conservative white dress and
white high heels. I had seen her in this dress before. She was made
up as usual and actually looked quite attractive. We were both
working in the end aisle which had only one way in and out. It was
so narrow that we could not squeeze past each other without making
body contact. That morning as I squeezed past Peggy a couple of
times, I noticed two things. First, she was wearing some kind of
perfume that drove me nuts. Second, her dress was a wrap around
type that was tied at the waist and I don't know if it was the
tight quarters or what, but as I squeezed past her and looked down
over her shoulder, I could see part of her very sexy white lace and
satin bra and, of course, what was in it. The next time I had to
squeeze past her, I got an even better view of her cleavage and it
was starting to arouse me. 
A little while later, Peggy asked me a question and as I turned to
answer her, I noticed that the edge of her dress was caught on a
file drawer and as she had turned away from the drawer, it had
pulled the bottom of her dress open enough to expose her right leg
to me. I was stunned for just an instant by the sight of her very
sexy leg and the fact that she appeared to be wearing stockings
instead of pantyhose. All I could see was just a hint of what
appeared to be the top of a stocking. 

Then, she must of felt a draft or something and I told her she was
caught at the same moment. She quickly turned away, embarrassed and
apologizing. Over the next couple of hours and through lunch, all
I could think about was what I had seen and how excited it made me.


After lunch, things went on as normal until about three o'clock. I
had been working at the end of the same aisle as Peggy. She was
about half way down from me working with a drawer in front of her
open, one behind her open, and one behind and just a little past
her open. I had an arm full of files I was carrying out and alerted
her that I was coming down the aisle. She tried to hurry and make
way for me but just as I got to her she pushed the drawer in front
of her closed and quickly turned and closed the one behind her in
one fluid motion. At the same moment, I reached her position and
slipped on a pen on the floor. The result was amazing. 

The tie from her dress had gotten caught in the drawer in front of
her when she closed it and as she turned to close the drawer behind
her, it pulled loose. Feeling something was wrong as she was
closing the drawer behind her, she turned quickly back toward the
first drawer and in so doing, got the edge of her dress caught on
the drawer behind her. As it slid closed, it pulled her dress
apart. A fraction of a second later, I step on the pen, slip, drop
files everywhere so I can catch hold of something to keep from
falling. I end up pressed against Peggy with her back against the
file cabinet. Her dress was open and her sexy white lace and satin
covered body was before me. Our faces were a few inches apart and
I was suddenly seized by the impulse to kiss her sexy red lips. I
did it. I kissed her on the mouth for just an instant. She didn't
do anything but just look at me. I moved my lips forward and kissed
her again. This time, it was longer and she started to respond. As
she responded her mouth opened slightly and her lips became softer
and wet and warm. My hands moved up to her sides and gently took
hold of her. "NO! Neal, I can't. We can't." she said and turned her
back to me. 

I was so hot for her and I had a huge hard-on. I started to kiss
her neck as I whispered that it was alright and that no one need
ever know that we enjoyed each other one afternoon. As I kissed her
neck, my hands slid up the front of her torso and found her soft,
full breasts in her bra. She was moaning softly as I started to
caress her. Then she said, "No Neal, please. We can't. I am
married." as she said it she pushed my hands from her breasts. I
was too fired up to quit so easily. I whispered to her, "Yes we
can. Just this once. No one will ever know." and as I said it, I
started to kiss her neck again and my hands found her breasts
again. She moved my hands away again but they were quickly back.
This time she didn't move them away and as I caressed her through
her bra, I could feel her nipples harden. I felt her gently push
her body back against mine and when she felt my stiff cock against
her ass, she moaned. 

My right hand slid down to the string tie that was holding part of
the left side of her dress across the front of her body and untied
it. She kept whispering, "No. No. No." but her body was saying yes,
yes, yes. My hands now reached up and slid her dress from her
shoulders, down her arms and off. I quickly tossed it onto the file
cabinet. Her back was still to me but I didn't care. What she was
wearing excited me like never before. She wore a white lace
garterbelt that matched her bra. Her panties were high cut and
white silk with only thin straps across her hips. My hands had
returned to her breasts and I was now rubbing my erection against
her silky panties. My fingers slipped into the cups of her bra and
found her erect nipples, but it was so tight and confining that I
couldn't do anything. Her breasts needed to be freed. My fingers
found the clasp of her bra between the cups and popped it loose.
Then I slowly peeled the cups back to release her breasts. As I did
so, she moaned slowly and deeply. She whispered, "I haven't been
touched like this in six years. OH GOD! it feels so good." Her
posture had changed as I now pinched her nipples. She was bent
slightly forward with her ass pushed hard against me. Finally I
slid my right hand down to the crotch of her panties and found them
to be hot and wet. It excited me so much that I almost came. I
started to rub her through her panties and her moans grew louder
and more intense. I couldn't stop now, I had to have her. 

She had finally given in and had reached her hand back and was
stroking me through my pants. I moved my left hand down and opened
my belt and fly. My slacks slid down my legs to the floor. She
grabbed hold of me through my underpants but wasn't satisfied. She
started to push them down my leg and I helped her. My cock was free
and harder than ever before. She stroked it like an expert. 

She was wearing her panties outside the straps of her garter belt.
I grabbed her panties and slid them down to her ankles where she
kicked them off. Then she parted her legs and I slid my hand right
down and a finger right into her. She was almost coming instantly
and I decided it was time. She bent forward more and pushed her ass
up and back. I bent my knees a little and positioned myself
directly behind her. I guided my cock to her waiting pussy lips and
then with one thrust, buried it into her. She was now screaming at
me to fuck her hard. I was pushing into her hard and she was
meeting my thrusts. She felt so good. Her pussy was actually
massaging and sucking on me. No woman had ever felt like this
before. The more I thrust into her the better it felt. She got
tighter and tighter and then came wildly. She was yelling not to
stop, to fill her with come. I was getting real close and her pussy
was sucking it out of me. My hands had hold of her hips and I was
pounding into her. The feeling was out of this world. She was
tightening up again and that was bringing me to the edge. Then her
pussy clamped onto me as she came and the feeling was so intense
that I exploded. I couldn't stop thrusting as I pumped load after
load of come into her. It was by far the most intense orgasm I'd
ever had. 

We didn't stop there. We rested a few minutes then she turned to me
and we devoured each other with hot passionate kisses. We kissed
for ten minutes or so and then decided to get a little more
comfortable. I found two old moving blankets and made a spot for us
way in the back corner. We started to kiss again and soon I was
sucking her nipples and going crazy over her. She then put her hot
mouth on my cock and after a few minutes of the most intense
sucking and licking I'd ever felt, I was hard as a rock. 

I rolled her onto her back and she stuck her legs up into the air
in a magnificent "V". I moved between her legs and buried myself
into her again. We fucked wildly for 20 minutes before I exploded
into her again. She must of had ten orgasms. There was just
something about her that made the sex great and her irresistible. 

After an hour or so, we got dressed and straightened up the room.
She told me how great it had been, the best ever for her and I had
to admit the same. It was quitting time and we both left. She went
home to husband and I went home to my girlfriend. That night I had
to tell my girlfriend that I had pulled a muscle at work and
couldn't make love to her. She was upset but understood. I was too
spent to be able to get it up for her. That night, all I could
think about was how much I had enjoyed Peggy. It was the greatest
sexual experience of my life. I didn't want to lose Mandy and I
decided that the one time would have to be enough. 

But, the next morning in the shower, again I was thinking about
Peggy and how she had felt. I went to work as usual. When I got
there I went to get a cup of coffee. In walked Peggy. She was
wearing a knee length bright blue skirt that was very tight. She
had on a matching jacket and a grey silk blouse. Her stockings were
black and her heels were blue three and a half inch spike heel
pumps. She looked great and I could feel a tingling in my crotch
just from seeing her. 

When she saw me, she smiled and blushed. She said good morning as
she quickly turned away and headed for her desk. About an hour
later, our boss came over and got me and took me to Peggy's desk.
He said that the re-organization we had been working on was looking
great and that we should try to finish the rest of the files as
soon as possible. Peggy looked a little flushed when he suggested
that the two of us should go back to the file room and get at it
right away. She looked at me and I cracked a half smile. We walked
to the elevator together and proceeded down to the basement. 

There were others in the elevator so all we could say was work
related stuff. When we finally were alone in the file room. I said,
"Peggy, you are a very wonderful lady. What happened yesterday was
great and I don't regret a second of it. I would do it again in a
second." At that she looked at me with a quizzical look on her
face. "Neal, you are a very handsome and wonderful young man. I
enjoyed our one time yesterday, perhaps more than I should have. I
have never been seduced by a man like that and it did feel so good.
I know we can work together still and I think of you as a close
friend. Closer than most." She smiled at me and I replied, "Peggy,
I feel the same way about you. You are a very beautiful and very
sexy woman. I have never been attracted to woman like that before.
I know I won't ever forget it. And, you will always be a close
friend to me too." All the while we had been talking, we had been
slowly moving down the aisle where it had all happened. At this
point in the conversation, it seemed appropriate to give her a
small hug and kiss. We were facing each other and as I slowly moved
toward her she seemed to know what was coming. I took her in my
arms and hugged her. Then as we separated, I kissed her soft warm
lips. It was a brief kiss but I couldn't help but feel electrified.


We parted and set about our work. But after a couple of hours of
brushing past her in the tight quarters and seeing her sexy breasts
straining against her silk blouse, I was thinking about seducing
her again. She had been using a step stool to get up high enough to
read file labels without having to pull them out. Every time she
stepped up onto that stool, her skirt pulled very tight across her
ass. She had taken to pulling the hem up her leg to give her more
flexibility to step up onto the stool. Every time she stepped up I
watched those sexy legs and silently begged her to pull her skirt
up higher. I was going nuts. I had a huge erection and wanted her
so bad. 

Finally, I said to her, "Peggy, how about one more time?" She
turned and looked at me and smiled. I smiled back and she said, "Oh
Neal. Stop that. Now get back to work." She thought that I was
kidding. A few minutes later I looked over to see what she was
doing. She was standing on the stool with one cabinet next to her
open and one behind her open. I grabbed a stack of files and headed
toward her. I called to her to look out behind her. She saw me and
pushed the file drawer behind her closed but it stuck part way
open. Just as I reached her, she leaned over to close it the rest
of the way. Her foot slipped a little on the stool and she started
to fall. I dropped the files and grabbed her sides and pushed her
back onto her feet and the stool. She then stepped down off the
stool but as she did so, she left her left foot on the stool. My
hands were on her sides as I guided her to the floor. Her skirt
with its silk lining made the most fantastic sound as it slid up
her silk stocking. The hem came way up and a stocking top appeared.
I was too close to resist any longer. I started to try to kiss her
but she turned her head away. Instead, I started to kiss her neck.
My right hand went right to her left leg and started to caress her
thigh near the top of the stocking. My left hand went to her right
breast and started to massage it. Her arms didn't move at first but
then slowly encircled my torso. "Neal please. We can't do this
again. I know how great it felt but it is so wrong. I feel guilty
around my husband. OH that feels so good. No No. Stop it now.
Please stop." All the while her nipples were becoming hard as
rocks. My right hand was working her skirt up even higher and soft
moans were coming from her mouth. She wanted to stop but couldn't
resist. 

Finally I worked my mouth around to hers and we devoured each other
in a wild hot passionate kiss. My hands started to unbutton her
blouse as we kissed. When I pulled it open, I was pleased to find
a very sexy dark blue silk and lace bra. I started to kiss her
breasts as I found the clasp and unhooked her bra. My mouth was
then all over her succulent breasts. Meanwhile my hands worked her
skirt up around her waist and I rubbed her pussy through her
panties with one hand while I kneaded her ass with the other. She
had reached down and was rubbing me and trying to get my pants
open. I wanted to take her matching dark blue silk panties off and
found that they had little ties on the sides. What a turn-on. In a
flash, they were gone. She pulled me free from my pants and guided
me toward her. She still had her left foot on the stool which gave
me great access to her hot pussy. 

In a few seconds, I was buried in her again. She grabbed hold of my
ass and I grabbed her hips and we fucked like animals for five
wonderful, heavenly minutes before we came together like an atomic
explosion. 

We spent almost half the afternoon screwing. We tried to work but
after an hour or so I would get hard again and just grab her and
take her. Every time she tried to resist but then she would melt
and give in. Once she gave in, she became like a starving animal.
I am sure that we smelled of sex and looked pretty bad too when we
left that room that day. 

Over the next week, every day we had to work most of the day in the
file room and every day, I couldn't stay away from her. She
resisted at first but then was easily seduced each time. I noticed
that every day she had on the sexiest lingerie I had ever seen and
she managed to flash a little of it to me first thing in the
morning. As soon as I saw it I thought I would explode with desire
for her. The sex was fantastic. I hadn't touched Mandy in over a
week when she asked if I was screwing someone else. I made the
excuse about the muscle still being sore. That next Saturday night,
after thinking about Peggy and her hot body all day, I attacked
Mandy like an animal and she loved it. 

Sunday I took her out and bought her $400 worth of new lingerie
explaining that it was something that I had read. Most of the items
were things that Peggy had worn. Mandy looked great and when we
went home, we spent the rest of the day in bed. 

On Monday, Peggy and I were back working in our own cubicals. Our
stint in the file room was over. She looked great as usual but now
I had a new fondness for her because I knew what pleasures lied
under her dress. We hadn't touched each other for three days and
had only talked a little. I did manage to tell her that our brief
affair had been wonderful and she would always be very special to
me. But on that thursday, she had a different plan. She came to
work in a red satin blouse and a black leather skirt that was
rather short. She wore black seamed stockings and high black heels.
WOW! She looked great. I was across from her office talking to one
of the guys when I looked over and saw her slide her skirt up to
reveal the top of her stocking. That was all it took to get me hot
for her. 

An Hour later, I followed her to a supply room down the hall. She
went in innocently looking for supplies. I went in wanting to fuck
her ass off. As I closed the door behind me, I locked it. She just
looked at me as I approached her. Then she started to open her own
blouse. Her black lace bra and sexy tits were enough to make me
come. Then she started to slowly hike up her leather skirt and her
black lace garterbelt was soon in view. She had her skirt hiked up
around her waist as she said, "I knew you'd be back for more. You
want me more than anything and I can't resist the idea of screwing
you. I wore this to seduce you because my pussy is hungry for your
cock. That's it suck my tits and guide your cock to me. Fill me
again." 

It was so true. I couldn't resist her for anything. My mouth was on
hers in a second and the kiss was hot and hungry. My hands were all
over her body. She felt sexier now than she had ever felt and soon
I was fucking her wildly. She was sitting on a stack of copier
paper boxes with her legs spread wide open, showing me her naked,
wet pussy, framed by her sexy garterbelt and stockings. I couldn't
believe how great it felt as her pussy sucked on my cock. I
couldn't stop sliding it in and out of her. My thrusts became
deeper and harder as I got nearer to coming. She came over and over
as I pounded into her. As she came for the third time, I exploded
deep into her.

After that day, no matter how much I tried to stay away, I
couldn't. I was hooked. The affair went out of control after that.
I tried to stop so many times but every time she was able to lure
me back for "just one more time". Mandy was getting real suspicious
since we made love only once or twice a week and then I was usually
so tired or spent that it wasn't very satisfying for either of us.
That was what helped fuel the fire between Peggy and I. I called
her one day and said that enough was enough and that she should go
back to her husband. The next day one of the guys came up to me and
said. "Have you seen Peggy today. She looks so hot that I would
fuck her in a second." After a couple of hours, I couldn't resist
the temptation to get a look. She was wearing a tight skirt about
three inches above the knee and a tight, low cut top that made her
sexy tits bulge out. She had been exercising and had slimmed her
hips down so that now her figure was even better than before. An
hour later, we were in the file room making love. 

A week later I tried again, telling her it had to stop. She said,
"It'll stop if you can stay away, but you can't. You know that I'm
the hottest fuck you've ever had and your young cock can't stay
away." 

The next day she walked by my cubical in a short spandex mini-dress
and sky high heels. That tight blue dress and heels made every man
drool and made me follow her to the supply room where we fucked
like rabbits. 

The finale was when she showed up at my apartment one Saturday
afternoon wearing a micro mini-skirt that was very tight and that
rode up her thighs as she walked. When it rode up it showed the
tops of her garter top thigh high stockings. That and the black
lace bustier she wore with her red lipstick and spike heels had me
so hot I couldn't resist. I started to kiss and caress her and soon
she was on my lap with me buried in her hot pussy. We were fucking
up a storm while I sucked her tits when Mandy walked in and caught
us. 

It was all over. Mandy moved out that very day, saying she never
wanted to see me again. A few days later, Peggy said to me, "What
really made it hot for us was that I was stealing you from a
younger, sexier woman. Now I have become a sexy, sought after,
woman and can have any man I want. Sorry, but it just isn't
exciting for me anymore. I hear the accounting manager has a young
sexy wife, I'm going to go "talk" to him. See you around." With
those last words, Peggy walked out of my life forever.
-- 
--
