                              Cozy
                           by deirdre

   I've been living with my fiance and her mother.  Jane's mother
Kate is actually quite conservative, but she seems to have accepted
long ago that Jane was sexually active and though I can tell she
wants us to get the marriage done with, she is really very good to
me.  Jane and Kate look quite a bit alike, with shoulder-length
dark brown hair (almost black) and similar height.  They both also
have a decent figure though Kate has a little more bosom.  If you
asked me, I'd have to admit that Kate is attractive, but though I
don't recall any time she's ever dated, given her conservative
nature, there wasn't much use in considering such things.

   Well, one night we were laying around in the den watching
television when the telephone rang.  It turned out to be Leslie, a
woman I had known in college.  She had just hit town and asked if
I'd meet her for coffee.   I told Jane and Kate about it, grabbed
my jacket, and headed out.

   Now the Leslie I remembered was one if the wildest women I had
ever known.  We had had a few wild nights during which she would
come up with the most amazing ideas--some things I'd never dreamed
of doing and others I'd never heard of.  Well, I was younger back
then.  Besides those nights, we had been close friends and she had
told me many amazing things about her sex life that I still find
hard to believe.  As I drove over to the diner she was at, I
wondered whether she had changed.

   She looked very much the same--skinny, no more than average
height, her light brown hair worn short, wearing jeans and a
sweater.  She was delighted to see me and soon showed me she hadn't
changed completely.  She wanted to know where I was living so I
told her about Jane and Kate.  She wanted to know about them and
when I told her about Kate, she made a couple of sly comments which
suggested I was getting it from both.  Then she said she ought to
move in and there would be one for each of us!  That was the Leslie
of old.

   We talked some more about what I had been up to since college
and she told me a little bit about what she had been doing (though
I suspected there was a lot of interesting detail beyond the short
outline she gave).  After a while she stood up and told me to come
with her.  We headed for the rest rooms.  When we got to the doors,
she quickly pulled me into the woman's room.  It was actually just
a little half-bath and she quickly locked the door.  Once in, she
immediately started working her jeans down.  In a second, she was
leaning over the sink with her rear sticking out, telling me to put
my cock in her rear hole!  "Come on, please, I need it!"

   I gave in to temptation rather quickly, and soon I was guiding
my cock right in.  "Push it!" she hissed.  Then "Yes!  I've missed
it!" she said as I pushed it in.  She insisted I push it all the
way in and then fuck it with long strokes.  She kept telling me how
she missed my cock in there.  Soon I was coming and she was too. 
It had been a long time for me: Jane isn't in to such things.

   When we were done, Leslie was happy as a clam.  We lucked out
that no one was waiting when we left the bathroom.  Back at the
table, Leslie was still acting like the cat that ate the canary. 
Then she told me she didn't have a place to stay and asked if she
could just crash for the night at my place.

   I could well imagine how Jane (and Kate) would take that idea. 
My hippie friend from college.  With who-knows-what history with
me.  But Leslie was insistent: she said she would just sleep on the
couch and she could easily leave early the next morning.  Finally
I was persuaded, but as I drove Leslie home, I wondered how I was
going to handle this.

   Well, it caused less ruckus than I thought it would.  I brought
Leslie into the den, still dark except for the TV, where Jane and
Kate were still watching.  I introduced Leslie and told them she
was going to sleep on the couch for the night.  Surprisingly, Kate
didn't seem to mind at all, and didn't hop up to act the hostess as
I might have expected to her.  Leslie just dropped her bags on the
floor and sat down, joining us watching some TV movie.  I sat next
to Jane.  She didn't say anything and my sixth sense said that she
was a little perturbed.  In a little while, she said she was tired
and went up to bed--before the movie was over.   I stayed a little
while longer, but decided I had better go to bed too before things
between Jane and me got out of hand.   I went up and she just lay
there as if she were asleep.  I new better than to stir things up
so I just lay down beside her.  Just the fact that I had come up to
her instead of staying downstairs should help smooth things later.

   I woke up that night to someone shaking me.  It was Leslie!  I
glanced over and Jane was still asleep.  Leslie whispered in my ear
to come with her.  It must have been 2 or 3am.  I whispered "no"
but there was no stopping her.  Finally I quietly stood up and
followed as she drew me out of the bedroom.  I was so afraid Jane
would wake up and find me gone!

   She drew me through the dark halls and down the stairs and I saw
there was a light on in Kate's room!  And Leslie drew me right to
the door!

   I was in for a total shock.   Kate was on the bed, nude!  She
was on her knees and elbows with her eyes pressed into a pillow. 
She just stayed there like that.  Leslie whispered to me to go fuck
her!  She insisted that Kate wanted it bad and hadn't had a man in
years.  Still Kate just stayed in that position.  Leslie finally
pushed me in.  Kate really looked good--her obviously generous
breasts hanging, and her round ass up in the air so inviting.  
Once again, I gave in to temptation and got up behind her.  She
didn't move.  I got my cock out of my pajamas--it was already
hard--and put the head on Kate's cunt.  She gave a little groan but
didn't move.  Otherwise, she remained in exactly the same position. 
I pushed in.  It was delicious!  I pulled out.  She was so wet I
pulled all the way out and pushed in again!  She was breathing hard
and vocalizing a little.  I held her hips and started fucking her
in earnest.  I felt her pushing back against my cock.  She never
said anything, but she kept breathing faster and faster.  My body
was smacking up against her ass cheeks.  I could tell we were both
just about to come.  And then it happened.  I can't begin to
describe the sensations--it was obviously the best sex I'd had in
years, Leslie and Jane not withstanding.

   I stood there recovering my breath.  Kate was recovering her
breath too, but still she didn't move from that position and her
eyes were still covered.  Neither of us had said a word.  I looked
back at the door and Leslie was grinning, but also motioning me to
come out.  I got up and left, and Kate never moved from that
position.  Leslie walked me part way back to my room, then I went
the rest of the way and slipped in bed next to Jane.  She was still
asleep.

   The next morning I awoke to indescribably delicious sensations. 
In a second I realized that my cock was being sucked!  Jane wasn't
next to me and someone was under the covers.   I was beyond caring,
my hands went under the covers and found someone's head.  Soon I
was coming and the sucking never stopped.  It was so fantastic I
couldn't believe it!

   When it was over, Jane poked her head out from under the covers. 
She had *never* done anything like that!  Never touched my cock
with her mouth!  And she looked happy as a clam though I detected
an evil smirk too as I watched her face.  She came up and whispered
in my ear "That's payment in kind for the delightful surprise you
gave me in the middle of the night."

   I was flabbergasted, but fortunately I just lay there frozen. 
Thinking hard!  She still looked so smug and happy.  This was a new
Jane!  I couldn't figure it out, but I knew things would be
dangerous until Leslie left.  I felt some relief that she was
leaving immediately.

   But it didn't work out like that.  When we got up and went down
to breakfast, it was evident from Leslie and Kate that Leslie had
decided to stay and Kate had agreed.  I looked at the three women
around the table.  I had had them all over the last twelve hours,
in three incredible sex acts.  It was dangerous, but I knew I
wanted it, even if we were courting disaster.

   That day was saturday and Leslie went out for part of the day. 
Jane was perfectly friendly, and seemed less worried about having
Leslie around.  She seemed to stay with me a lot and was very
affectionate all day.  And she was still happy as a clam.  Kate
seemed to pay less attention to me if anything, though it might
have been my imagination.

   Well, that night Leslie woke me again and dragged me out.  There
was Kate, in exactly the same position as the night before.  I got
up behind her.  I glanced at the door.  Leslie was gone.  I fucked
Kate again, and again she was super-wet and it was absolutely
delicious.  When we were done, I looked up at the door and there
was Leslie.  She took me back again and soon I was in bed next to
Jane again.

   In the morning, I felt wonderful sensations again as I awoke,
but Jane was doing it with her hands.  She was lying next to me and
had me hard and was trying to get us into spooning position.  I
slipped my cock right into her and she seemed to lose herself in
the sensations, looking into space.  We did slow strokes for quite
a while, just enjoying the sensations, then I fingered her clit and
brought us both to a climax.

   Afterwards, while we were resting, she said "Are you really
going to make me, uh, do, uh, you know..."

   "Do what?"

   "You know, what you whispered to me last night."  I could tell
she was excited by the prospect of whatever this was.  I racked my
brain for what to say.  *Make* her do something?  Is she
submissive?

   "You don't get off that easy--say it out loud!"  I had managed
to figure a way out of my dilemma.

   "Are you really going to make me..." she paused, "eat Leslie?"

   It took all my self-control to remain calm.  I could see that
she was excited by the prospect!  My Jane!  Where would all this
end?   I got up and found Leslie.  I started asking her in a low
voice what she was up to.  She just grinned at me, then went over
to our bedroom and shut the door!

   I ended up having breakfast with Kate.  We didn't talk at all
and she sort of hovered over me--I guess she always is doing that
when she cooks up breakfast, but since it was just the two of us,
it seemed so obvious.  Jane and Leslie never showed up.  I went
back to the bedroom after breakfast and the door was still
shut--and a set of my clothes was neatly piled just outside the
door!  I checked the door and it was locked.

   I showered and dressed and hung around a bit, doing a couple of
chores.  The bedroom door never opened.  Kate never said anything
about it.  I had to go off in the early afternoon.

   When I got back, I checked and the bedroom was open.  Jane and
Leslie were gone.  I didn't see them around the house either.  I
didn't say anything to Kate though until supper time rolled around
and they weren't around.  I asked Kate when they were getting home
and she told me they had gone off traveling!  I ran upstairs and
realized that some of Jane's clothes and luggage were gone!

   Kate talked to me during supper, but she didn't say anything
about Jane or Leslie...it was kind of strange.  That night, when I
went to bed, I noticed that a light was on downstairs even though
Kate had already turned in.  I looked around and discovered the
door to Kate's bedroom was open and a light was on.  I peeked in
and there was Kate, in the same position that she had been the
previous nights, on knees and elbows with her eyes pressed against
a pillow!  It was too much temptation for me.  When we were done,
she was still in the same position, hiding her eyes, and I left and
went to bed.

   Since then, Kate hasn't said a whole lot to me, but she is
always very solicitous, almost like a servant, cooking me meals and
hovering over me to serve them.  Every night, she is in the same
position, waiting for me.  I have noticed that she dresses a little
sexier, or perhaps "undresses": often in the morning at breakfast,
or in the evening after dark, she wears a nightgown with no robe:
not transparent, but sexy enough...sometimes pretty short, or slit
a little up the thigh.  She always used to wear robes.  But she
seems to avoid looking at me, even when she is talking to me.

   Once she was talking on the phone and then she told me it was
for me.  It was Leslie!  Leslie asked me if I was taking Kate in
the ass!  I told her no and wondered what sort of conversation she
had been having with Kate.  She asked me if Kate sucked me off and
whether I whipped her ass.  She told me that Jane was eating her
while she was talking on the phone and had her hands cuffed behind
her.  I asked her if she was coming back soon, but something made
me turn away from Kate and ask it in a low voice.  She laughed and
said I'd have to wait and see.  Then she told me to get on the
ball, and then she hung up.

   Since that phone call, Kate has had a handkerchief tied around
her eyes as a blindfold whenever I visit her room.  She kneels on
the floor and sucks me off.  I've also taken her ass and she
doesn't object: in fact she gets very excited.  And one saturday
afternoon she told me she was tired and was going to take a nap. 
That didn't sound like Kate--I ended up noticing her bedroom door
was open and looking inside saw her kneeling there naked with her
"blindfold" on.  Now we often have sex more than once a day, and in
a variety of ways.  I've thought of trying whipping her ass with a
belt, but haven't had the nerve yet.
