
                             M/F, DRUGS, BESTIALITY

I'm missing "Part 1" of this story, but found it interesting enough to share
with you again here on a.s.s.

If you have the complete story please shoot me a copy a.s.a.p.
-- h_heat@korrnet.org



Reply-To: an254716@anon.penet.fi
Date: Wed, 31 May 1995 20:06:26 UTC
Subject: CRACKDOG Part 2 by Anjing

      Lonnie explained to me that I would be expected to buy some rocks of
crack. He said that I didn't have to smoke them if I didn't want to, I could
give them to him and he would take care of that task. He also said that I could
trade the rocks (or money) for sexual favors from the women present. It was
unbridled free enterprise and the exchange rate for various sex acts was open
to negotiation and varied with what you wanted and how attractive the woman
was. A couple of women came up and propositioned me almost immediately. Their
approach was very direct. They would sit on my lap and either place their hand
on my crotch or else place my hand on whatever part of their body they
considered to be their best feature. After I turned down a couple of them by
saying that I was waiting for Vaneta, they all left me alone.

      Lonnie checked and said that Vaneta had gone out, but was expected back
soon. About a half-hour later a small, slender black woman wearing a very short
dress came through the door.

      She looked to be about five feet tall and couldn't have weighed more than
one hundred pounds. She had an attractive face and a beautiful smile - not that
she smiled all that often.

      She looked around the room and announced that she and Satan would be
putting on a show in the basement and that it was $20 a person to come down and
watch. I assumed Satan to be the large black Doberman I had seen wandering
around.

      I asked Lonnie if he wanted to come but he said he would prefer that I
spend the money to buy him another rock. I was the first one in line at the
basement door where Vaneta was standing. She smiled at me when she took my $20
and waived me down the stairs. As I went down I heard the people behind me
bickering over the price and realized that $20 was her opening demand not her
bottom line. I was too drunk and turned-on to care about the money.

      In all, there ended up being about fifteen people in the basement.

      I was surprised to see that several of the other women paid money to come
down. Later I realized that they expected to recoup their investment and make a
profit by selling sex during the show.

      In a few minutes Vaneta brought the dog, Satan, downstairs and locked the
basement door behind her. Without any fanfare she stripped off her dress
revealing nothing on underneath. She had a tight little body with perky breasts
and an exceptionally nice, round ass.

      There was a pile of carpeting on the floor and she lay down on it and
called Satan over. She reached underneath him and began to cradle his balls in
her hand. At the same time sh ewas working two fingers from her other hand in
and out of her cunt. She then put those two fingers in front of the dog's face.
He began to lick her fingers. After doing thi sfor a while she lay down on her
back and spread her legs. Satan recognized his cue and immediately began
licking her pussy with long, hard strokes. She had her eyes closed wit ha look
of intense concentration on her face while the dog worked on her. After several
minutes she got up and moved on to the next phase of her performance.


                                     Part 3

      She nodded to the plump blonde who had originally flashed me when I came
in. The blonde, who was sitting on a folding chair next to the carpeting, then
spread her legs and said: "Okay, Rover, come and get it!" This drew a laugh
from the crowd as the dog raced over and stuck his muzzle in the woman's
crotch. With the blonde holding his head by his collar, Vaneta moved behind the
dog and once again started to play with his cock and balls. She soon had his
cock extended a good six inches out of its sheath. At this point she did
something that looked uncomfortable to me but which apparently didn't bother
Satan too much. She swung his cock down and backwards so that it was pointing
in the opposite direction from his snout. She then very slowly put her mouth on
the dog's cock and gradually worked up to the point where she was sliding it in
and out of her mouth. Judging by his body language, Satan's attitude towards
all this seemed somewhat ambivalent. It was almost like he enjoyed the
sensation on his cock but he didn't like his movements being constrained. After
several minutes, Vaneta took her mouth off the dog's cock and got down on all
fours. The blonde let loose of his collar and Satan, like a seasoned trouper,
walked over to Vaneta to begin the final act of his performance. He mounted her
and with what appeared to be practiced precision immediately sunk his cock deep
into her pussy.

      He began fucking her so furiously that his feet came up off of the floor.
All his weight was pushing his cock down into the woman's cunt. It was quite a
sight. The dog was large and had to weigh at least eighty pounds. The woman he
was fucking weighed only slightly more. Her wiry frame however didn't seem to
have any problem supporting him.

      At the same time that this was going on, the other women began sucking
off various guys in the audience. Either these guys were totally turned-on or
else these women were expert cocksuckers because they were getting guys off in
a matter of a couple minutes and then moving on to another guy, and another.
Perhaps because of my earlier rejection of their advances, none of the women
approached me to offer their services. I was so horny I probably would have
taken them up on it.

      After climaxing, Satan remained on top of Vaneta - apparently his knot
was locked inside her. With the dog on her back, she waited on her elbows while
calmly smoking a cigarette. It was like it was the most natural thing in the
world for her to be naked on her knees in front of a group of strangers with a
dog cock stuck in her pussy. She didn't seem any more embarrassed by what she
had just done than Satan was.


                                     Part 4

      Once they had separated and the show was over, I asked Vaneta if I could
speak to her. She agreed, on the condition that I buy her a rock to smoke. I
asked her how she had got started doing a sex show with a dog. She said that
her previous boyfriend ran another "party house" where she had lived. She said
that she got her drugs for free there. Satan was originally his dog and was
supposed to be a guard dog but didn't have the temperament for it and was more
like her pet. She said she gave her boyfriend sex whenever he wanted it but
that he gradually wanted it less and less.

      She also said that he refused to go down on her, which was the only way
she could get off. She said that she was always horniest during her period but
that her boyfriend wouldn't come near her then. One day she was in the bathroom
changing her tampon when Satan came in and began licking her. She locked the
door then let him continue until she had an orgasm.

      From that point forward her sexual relationship with the dog became more
and more regular. Eventually her boyfriend broke up with her and she had to
move out. She started coming to this house and exchanging sex for drugs. She
sometimes would bring Satan for protection. One day she was alone in the
basement letting the dog lick her cunt when a guy came downstairs and saw them.
She told him to leave but he offered her money to let him stay and watch. The
word quickly got out and more guys offered her money to let them watch the dog
eat her. She soon decided that she liked this better than sucking off twenty
strange guys a day to get money for drugs. At this point the only sex she was
having with Satan was letting him eat her out. Soon her customers began to
demand more variety and she added dogfucking and finally she threw in some
cocksucking. She said at first the other women who worked the house gave her a
hard time, but when they realized that her act got the guys horny and increased
the demand for their services, they accepted her and even began to help her.
She said that she was now concerned that perhaps one of them might try to steal
her act and maybe even her dog.

      I asked her if she ever got off during her public performances with her
dog. She said that it happened very rarely and then only during his licking
routine. She said that the problem was that the part of her act which got her
the most turned on was the one which the audience most quickly grew bored with,
whereas the part that did the least for her, the cocksucking, tended to be what
the men wanted to see more of. She said that she always had an orgasm when
Satan licked her in private and mentioned that she was starting to enjoy the
fucking segment so much that she was now doing that in private also.

      Eventually I ran out of money and Vaneta ran out of conversation. I asked
her how I could contact her in the future. She wrote down the phone number of
the house and said to call and ask for her. I then went and found Lonnie and we
left.


                                     Part 5

      A couple of months went by before I called her. I wasn't anxious to go
back to that house, either by myself or with Lonnie. When I asked Lonnie about
her, he claimed that he had not been back to the house either. The girl who
answered said that Vaneta was not there and that she didn't know when she would
be back. This happened on several occasions till one day I called and the
number had been disconnected. In retrospect I have always kicked myself for not
calling sooner and trying to set up a meeting somewhere other than that house,
a place where I could have used a video camera to film her in action with
Satan. Unlike Angie, I'm sure for the right price Vaneta would not have
objected to a camera.

 ----------------

      Well, that concludes my three personal experiences with bestiality. I
hope someone else will share their experiences. I know I am not the only one
with a story to tell.

