CRAIG
by KODIAK

     This first rays of the sun shone through the crack in the curtains and
directly into Trevor's eyes. His mind, still groggy, tried to refocus on who he
was and where he was. Slowly Trevor realized he was in his own bedroom, it was
morning. As his senses started to improved he realized he was not alone in his
bed. Trevor heard the slow rhythmic breathing and felt the radiating heat of
another body under the covers with him.

     Trevor focused his eyes on the short blonde hair beside him. The ruffled
hair on the nape quickly disappeared as the thick neck melted into wide smooth
shoulders; the V-shaped back quickly disappearing beneath the crimson sheets.

     Trevor moved his hand slowly under the covers and rested it on the smooth
full cheeks of Craig's ass. The thick round muscles still had firm tone
although now fully at rest. Slowly running his hand up Craig's side, he felt
the powerful muscles of Craig's chest and the ever-so-slight definition of the
abdomen.

     Trevor's arm reached around the resting body and his fingers started
playing with Craig's firm thick nipples. Craig moaned as shifted onto his back
and rolled towards Trevor. His eyelids blinked twice and opened; his bright
blue eyes rolled towards Trevor.

     "Good morning, " he smiled at Trevor.

     "Good morning, yourself." Trevor replied, "Did you sleep well?"

     "Yes. I dreamed of us all night. We were on a boat, a large and luxurious
yacht. We were on deck on a large round waterbed, just you and me. The sun was
going down, the crew was bringing us Champaign and warm canapes. We just lay
there, our bodies in contact, watching the sun setting into the ocean."

     With that, Craig turned completely towards Trevor, wrapped his thick arms
about Trevor's neck and placed his lips firmly against Trevor's. Slowly Craig's
mouth opened and Trevor felt Craig's tongue penetrate his mouth. Craig's warm
sweet tasting saliva mixed with Trevor's as the nerves in Trevor's mouth began
to dance excitedly. Slowly Craig's jaw expanded as his tongue explored every
recess of Trevor's mouth, while Trevor's tongue mounted fleeting forays into
Craig's.

     Quickly the tingling sensation in his mouth began to spread throughout his
body. Craig's hands began to caress the back of Trevor's neck as he rubbed his
leg over Trevor's swelling cock-head. Trevor ran his hands across Craig's
muscular back. Gone were the gentle mounds of resting muscle. Now taut, Trevor
could feel every mountain and gully etched into Craig's muscular back.

     Trevor's mind flooded with images of the previous night. The gut-wrenching
feeling Trevor had when he saw Craig for the first time, mounting the podium in
his brief blue trunks, the large number nine shadowing the great bulge in his
trunks. His routine was perfect, he flexed, strutted, and moved in perfect time
to the music. The audience sat in complete silence; intent on this perfect body
displaying the work of years. Just as Craig completed his routine their eyes
met, Trevor knew then Craig had to be his.

     Craig shifted his body again, moving slightly down the bed he began to
lick Trevor's erect nipples. Gently at first, and then with more passion, his
eager tongue circling Trevor's dark blood-engorged tits causing fire to shoot
through the entire body. Suddenly Craig closed his teeth, Trevor's overly
sensitive tissue screamed as he bit the flesh. Trevor's back arched in pain and
delight. Craig's head pulled away and was replaced by his calloused hands,
calloused from years bodybuilding, that began to alternately massage and
squeeze Trevor's throbbing nipples.

     Trevor fought his way to the back of the high school gymnasium stage. He
would not allow this perfect body to evade his lust. The security guards, busy
making time with some teenage girls, didn't challenge him at all; Trevor acted
like he belonged. Backstage was filled with well-honed, muscular, bodies and
their handlers. There were big men, small men, and groupies everywhere. Trevor
searched for this perfect blonde but could find him nowhere.

     Trevor began to panic. He had come so close, he was not going to lose that
body now. Trevor ducked into the toilets and checked every stall, startling and
upsetting some of the users, but not all. Nothing. He came back into the middle
of the locker-room and looked again. Still nothing.

     "The showers, " thought Trevor as his heart skipped a beat. He walked,
calmly to the end of the locker-room and, fully dressed, into the showers.
There was Trevor's grail. The blonde with the perfect body was in a corner
stall gently washing his semi-swollen dick. Trevor stared at the body and at
the cock.

     "Hi, there. I'm Craig, " said the soapy body.

     Trevor was stunned. He'd found his quest, but now he did not know what to
do.

     "Er, hi. My name's Trevor. I caught your routine, you're good."

     "Thanks, I noticed you watching me." replied Craig as matter of fact-ly,
"I was hoping we might meet."

     Trevor thought he would faint. He'd not expected such treatment. In fact
Trevor was quite expecting a "fuck off faggot" and a punch in the nose.

     "I'm starving, " returned Craig, "Why don't I get finished here and then
we can go out and get some dinner. I just can't eat before the show, but I'm
famished afterwards."      "Great, idea, " stammered Trevor, "I'll meet you at
the main doors."

     Slowing Craig ran his tongue down from Trevor's tits to the base of his
cock. Trevor's cock was rigid now and fully erect. Craig opened his mouth and
gently circled the flared cock-head. Trevor gasped as a spasm of sensation
racked his body. Craig's mouth began to slid up and down Trevor's shaft. Each
time eliciting a moan from Trevor. The pace continued as Trevor's breathing
became a pant and his body began to arch.

     "Ohhhh, I'm gonna cum, " panted Trevor.

     "Not yet you don't", replied Craig as he removed his mouth and firmly
pinched the swollen cock-head.

     Trevor held back and slowly the pressure eased. Craig's firm grasp hurt
slightly, but had the effect of stopping the ejaculation. Finally Craig let go
of Trevor's cock.

     Trevor paced at the High School door. He wasn't sure if Craig would
appear. Perhaps, it was just a taunt and Craig had left the back way. Finally,
Craig appeared from down the hallway. He was wearing tight acid-washed jeans
with a white shirt that contrasted with his tan. His blond hair was still damp
and clumped a little. His dark brown leather jacket was thrown over his
shoulder.      "Well, where would you like to go for dinner?" blurted Trevor.
"Do you have any favorite places?"

     "Sure, why not Chaps or Trax?" replied Craig. Trevor was stunned.     
Chaps and Trax were two of Toronto's gay restaurant/bars. Trevor      had only
hoped and fantasized, but, maybe, it was true.

     "Oh, I'm sure we can do better than that for dinner. Maybe we could drop
in there for drinks afterwards." stammered Trevor.

     "Fine with me." responded Craig cheerfully, "Then you pick the      spot."

     Trevor and Craig climbed into Trevor's new burgundy New Yorker and headed
to the Church and Wellesley area, Toronto's chic gay center. They parked in
front of Vegerra's Bistro. David, the head waiter, noticed Trevor's entry and
efficiently guided the couple to Trevor's favorite table. Trevor had the
Medallions of Beef with Marrow while Craig the Monkfish, both specialties of
the house.

     The evening progressed. Over fine food and fine wine, Trevor and Craig
began to know each other. As the meal ended, the tension rose. Trevor wanting
this "date" to continue to its fantasy conclusion, but afraid to bring up the
subject with Craig, for fear of ending the evening.

     "Well, I guess that's about it." fumbled Trevor, "Would you like me to
drive you home?

     "No." responded Craig.      "Well, er, would you like to hit a few of the
bars for a couple of drinks?"

     "No."

     "Would you like to stay here? We could have another bottle of      wine?"

     "No."

     Trevor was terrified by now. He had, it seemed, only one option.

     "Would you like to go back to my apartment for a while? We could have that
bottle of wine there." Trevor stammered.

     "Yes."

     Noticing that Trevor's cock was losing it's rigidity, Craig began to suck
again. Quickly Trevor responded achieving potence he'd never reached before.

     "I want you to fuck me," said Craig, "I've never been fucked, I want you
to be the first."

     Craig rolled over and exposed his muscular buns to Trevor. Trevor reached
over to the night stand and took the tube of KY. Sensuously, he massaged
Craig's ass, working the KY deep into the muscular mounds and gently relaxing
Craig's tight ass.

     "Be gentle." Craig said, looking over his shoulder with a big grin.

     "I will, " said Trevor, rubbing the KY over his throbbing cock. "Ready?
Here I come?"

     With that, Trevor positioned himself between Craig's muscular glutes. He
carefully aligned his shaft with Craig's pink, puckered, ass-hole. Slowly and
as smoothly as he could, Trevor, penetrated Craig as far as he could. Craig
gasped and moaned as the first man entered him.

     "How ya doin'?" whispered Trevor into Craig's ear.

     "Just great, " responded Craig.

     Trevor began to pump. Slow and shallow at first, noting Craig's reaction.
Craig continued to relax and enjoy Trevor's cock pulsing back and forth. Trevor
continued to hump, slowly increasing the tempo and penetration. Craig continued
to moan as Trevor pumped his ass with full force. The pressure, so long held
back, began to build in Trevor's loins until finally he could stand it no more.
With a scream he drove his cock even deeper into Craig's ass and exploded.
Trevor pulsed and pumped and sent streams of thick cum deep into Craig's virgin
ass.

     Finally sated, Trevor collapsed on Craig's muscular back. His tongue
gently licking Craig's ear. They lay there, united for a few minutes until
Trevor rolled off. They lay, embracing, waiting for their heart beats to return
to normal.

     "I came too, " whispered Craig as he rolled over showing Trevor the pool
of thick cum on the crimson sheet.

     "Well, shall we shower and I'll drive you home?" asked Trevor.
     "No. I am home, " replied Craig.
