Archive-name: Bondage/crakbelt.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Crack Belt



 "The flowering of our S&M fantasies has been one of the highlights
 (FROM THE JUNE, 1989, ISSUE OF "PENTHOUSE VARIATIONS")

 "The flowering of our S&M fantasies has been one of the highlights of
our sex life for Kathy and me. We began by using the telephone. I would
call her at work and describe in vivid detail what I planned to do to her 
sexually that night. To my delight, I discovered that this excited her
and she walked around at work all day with a wet pussy. Knowing this
turned me on.

  Gradually I began to smack her ass during sexplay, as she sat on top of
me or as she lay on her stomach sucking my cock. I would be on my haunches
in front of her, and as she sucked me, I would raise myself up on my knees,
hover over her and bring my palm down on her ass. At frist they were
exploratory smacks: light, but hard enough to make the rounded flesh of
her ass jiggle. Soon, though, I was spanking her full-force, causing her
ass to turn crimson with the imprint of my palm, and her pussy to turn
juicy.

  As the spankings increased in regularity, I was satisfied we were on
the right path to living out our fantasies. Then we devised something
we call the CRACK BELT. Under her skirt or jeans she wore a thin belt
around her waist with a strip of rope attached to the back of the belt,
running down between her cheeks, snuggled tightly between the lips of
her pussy, pressing on her clit and attached again at the front. The
constant pressure on her clitoris and the continual rubbing of it while
she walked kept her crack juicy.

  The best part was watching her face when I knew she was coming in her
pants and no one around her realized it. I also went out of my way to
find long flights of stairs to walk up, because I knew thats when the
rope and belt would make her pussy the hottest. There were times when
I thought she was going to faint from the tremors of pleasure she was
experiencing in her cunt. We always fucked immmediately after taking 
the Belt off, and she was so wet that I could sink my cock in to the
hilt without the slightest bit of trouble.

  The Crack Belt got to be such a favorite for us that Kathy actually
began asking for it, the first time being the night of our one year
wedding anniversary. In celebration, we decided to go out for a nice
dinner. After Kathy showered and put on her makeup, she walked out of
the bedroom, naked, holding her Crack Belt. Softly, in a seductive little
voice, she asked me if I would'nt like fit her into the Crack Belt
myself.

  I fastened the small belt around her waist and then knelt down behind
her to tie the cloth rope and pass it down the crack of her ass to be tied
in front of her navel. But this time I felt something different as I was
doing it: such important emotional tenderness on our anniversary. While
kneeling behind her, I planted a warm, wet kiss on each one of her buttocks
causing her to shivver.

  All through dinner my excitement continued to mount. I found myself
touching her, running my hand ahainst her cheek, pressing my hand against
her hip and lightly on her thighs. Beneath her dress I could feel the
outline of the Crack Belt. The slow, sweet torture of anticipation
tingled in my loins, and I looked forward to quenching my sexual thirst.
Gazing at Kathy across the table, knowing her crack was wet from the
Belt, I saw in her eyes the saeme tense anticipation I was feeling. We
picked up our wine glasses and toasted out one year anniversary.

  When dinner was over we went right home. As soon as we were inside
the apartment, I took her in my arms and gave her a long, passionate kiss.
I sucked on her soft, warm tongue as if it were giving me life and
unzipped the back of her dress, letting it fall to the floor. My cock
bulged and pressed against the front of my pants as I knelt in front
of her and undid the Crack Belt. I pushed her back onto the couch and
spread her thighs so that her soggy pussy presented itself like a target
to me.

  My tongue darted between her slippery lips and pushed into her hole. I
tasted her sticky juices as I licked up the length of crack, stopping
at her clit. Her back arched violently and a loud moan of pleasure came from
her mouth as I sucked the fleshy button into my mouth and ran my tongue
across it. Already she was about to have an orgasm, and she gripped the back
of my head with both hands in preparation for it.

  When it came, she pumped her pussy up and down on my face while still
holding onto my head. I continued to suck on her clit as she screamed with
pleasure. When the waves of her orgasm had subsided, I took my now
juice-covered face away from her pusssy and kissed her hard on the mouth so
she could taste her own come. She again held me by the head and, kitten-like,
licked my entire face clean of her juices. 

  I stood up and took my clothes off. My cock stood at rigid attention as I told her to suck it. Kneeling down, she took the whole of my cock in her 
mouth and cupped my balls in her hands. Her head bobbed back and forth,
her lips sliding along the entire length of my cock, her hands gently
squeezing my balls. Her tongue ran along member, pressing and stroking,
toying with the tip. Sometimes she would pause with my cock head caught in
her lips and massage it wetly with her tongue. I felt as if I were about to
explode with excitement.

  As the feeling grew in intensity, I gripped her head steady and began to
fuck her face, pumping my cock slowly but deliberately into her now
stationary mouth. I wanted desparately to shoot my load down her throat,
but I decided to wait. I had other things in mind, and I wanted to
mainatin my sexual energy for a grand finale.

  Pulling my cock from Kathy's mouth, I led her by the hand into the bedroom
with my hard cock pointing the way. I watched while she put on black, net
stockings with a black garter belt, elbow-length black lace gloves and
a wide-brim, blue straw hat with a black band around it.

  With my girl dressed this way, I could hardly contain my desire for
her. Taking her own hairbrush from her dresser, I ordered her to
face the full-length mirror we have hanging on the back of the bedroom
door. She braced herself by putting her gloved hands on the upper
corners of the mirror and then spread her long, stockinged legs. As
she stood with her eyes glued to her own reflection, I positioned
myself behind and to one side of her and gently ran my hand across
the smooth skin of her bare ass.

  "Beg me to spank you, Kathy," I ordered.

  In a meek voice, barely more than an excited whisper, Kathy said,
"Oh, please spank me." And as she stood there spread-eagled against
the mirror, I began to spank her ass with the hair brush.

  As the power of the blows became stronger, her ass got redder and the slap
of the wood smacking hard against her skin seemed to reverberate through
the bedroom. Although standing stationary, she began lifting first one foot,
and then the other as if she were doing a slow dance. Her head arched
back as she continued her dance and I continued the spanking. With Kathy
standing there in front of me dressed like something from a French
whorehouse and with a flaming red ass, I felt as though no man could
have it any better. I loved this woman, and I loved the sense of power
over her that spanking her gave me. This was a gift from Kathy.

  I ordered her to come away from the mirror and bend over. As she
gripped the arms of an easy chair for support, I told her to spread her
legs as far as possible and to lift her ass in the air. Lowering her head
into the cushion, she did as she was told.

  Kneeling behind her, I now had her plump, meaty pussy lips staring me
directly in the face. I hope I never lose my fascination with the sight
of a woman's cunt exposed this way and waiting for it to be administered
to. Pushing her ass up in the air as far as I could go with one hand, I
began to spank her again.

  Moans of pleasure pain escaped Kathy's lips as her ass began to sway back
and forth. My excitement was rising quickly. With each new smack my cock
pulsed with the desire to fuck her until she screamed for mercy.
Finally, I could wait no more. With one last perfectly aimed stroke of
my hand, I elicted a loud moan from her.

  Now standing squarely behind her, I placed on hand on her waist for support
and with the other hand guided my bone-hard cock into her hot, sticky ass.
Upon contact with the stretchy grasp of her hole, I gasped in relief for I
knew the huge amount of come I had been holding back would soon spill
out of my cock. And it did. I would have liked to fuck her longer, but
the tight walls of her asshole wraped around my cock like a slippery,
gripping hand and brought me to a violent climax. I threw back my head
and rammed my cock as far and as hard into her as I could. And as I
came with primal grunts signally the pumping of load after load of
my come into her ass, Kathy came also, throwing her head back and squealing
with joy.

                                                  Mr. A.R.
                                                  Maryland

--
