
                                   *CAUTION*

This is an adult story containing sexually explicit material. It's not suitable
for minors under the age of 18 or anyone else who, is or may be, offended by
sexually explicit material.

If you find this type of material offensive please exit this posting now.

This story is pure fantasy and isn't intended to bear any relationship to any
actual happening or event.

The characters portrayed are figments of the author's imagination and not
intended to bear any relation to any person, alive or dead.


                       Conjugal Rights and Wifely Duties

      Sex with my wife had never been good. Oh yes, she'd a highly defined
sense of "wifely duty" and we'd produced a family. She opened her legs for me
on request but that was it. She literally laid there with her thighs spread
apart giving me access to her cunt, (which she'd only refer to as her vagina.
She never used any of the regularly accepted words relating to sex or the sex
act. Only the proper medical dictionary terminology). She would lie there, eyes
closed, unmoving, as I worked myself off inside her. Most times it wasn't even
as satisfactory as masturbation, it was just "relief." When I withdrew she
would get up and go to the bathroom to clean herself up,

      "Sex is so messy," she'd say.

      When she came back she'd ask me "Was that all right, did you ejaculate,
do you feel better now dear?"

      It didn't really matter what I replied, she wouldn't be listening. She'd
done her "duty" and been "a good wife," given me my "conjugal rights."

      "That's nice dear," she'd say and go to sleep.

      That was what it was like when sex was good in her book!

      Then things became much worse. She still gave me access on demand but
reluctantly. Sometimes I had to be quite persistent about it; it was never rape
but it got close to it on occasion. She would lay there legs spread but rigid,
trembling, and silently weeping. She said there was nothing physically wrong, I
wasn't hurting her or anything, she just didn't like it but "I know that you
need it dear." It got so that I was having trouble getting an erection, or I'd
lose it when I looked at her lying there, erotic it wasn't!

      She eventually went to see the doctor. From what she told me when she
came back he gave her a complete physical, doing things to her that I wasn't
able to, feeling her breasts, dilating her clit, and looking, and feeling,
deeper up her vagina than I was ever allowed to put my fingers, "just stimulate
my labia dear, don't put them too far in."

      He couldn't find anything wrong and told her that it was all in the mind.
He gave her some tranquilisers to take about an hour before sex which he
thought would relax her.

      The pills were an improvement in that they stopped her trembling and
crying when I actually fucked her, and her limbs were more relaxed, but still
she just laid there unmoving. We also had a new psychological problem in that
instead of just jumping her when we were in bed I now had to preplan and she
got herself into a nervous state before the tablets took effect. I never said a
word, I just used to hand the bottle of tablets to her and she'd immediately
get all agitated.

      "Are you sure? Why tonight? Must you dear?" she'd ask.

      I'd quietly take the bottle from her, open it, and hand her a tablet with
a glass of water. The trembling and tears would come now rather than later.

      This went on for a few weeks and then one night when I handed her the
bottle she produced a different bottle from her purse and swallowed a tablet
from it. She explained to me that she'd been back to the doctor. This time
she'd got strong sleeping tablets from him. She explained to me that she'd
realised that the tranquilisers didn't really help anyone and that since she
knew she wasn't very responsive maybe it would be better for both of us if she
was completely relaxed when I "copulated" with her, asleep in fact!

      She stood up and went upstairs, before she went she told me to come up to
bed in half an hour as the doctor had said the pills took about twenty minutes
to act. I was flabbergasted!

      I actually waited about threequarters of an hour, to be on the safe side.
When I went up my wife had turned the bedcovers back and was lying in the
center of the bed. She was lying on her back and looked to be sound asleep.
She'd put her nightdress on but it was pulled up around her waist. She'd spread
her thighs and bent her knees and gone to sleep like that. She'd put a towel
underneath her hips, heaven knows why, she wasn't a virgin but she did always
complain "please try not to let your semen stain the bed, dear," so I suppose
that was the reason! Her pubic mound was fully exposed, I could see her cunt
nestling in her pubic hair. I reached forward and touched her on the
shoulder,gently at first then quite firmly, but she didn't stir.

      Just looking at the debauched way she was lying gave me an instant
erection and I quickly stripped off my clothes. I laid on the bed next to her
and fingered her pussy as usual. Also as usual, her juices soon started flowing
to give me the necessary lubrication. As I have said before there was nothing
physically wrong with her. I rolled over between her thighs and slipped my
prick straight into her, half expecting her to tense up when I did so. I laid
there on top of her, waiting for her to start weeping or to stiffen up, but
still nothing happened. I slowly began to fuck her then, as there was still no
response, I fucked harder pushing deeper than usual and with more force. Still
nothing, well that's not quite true. It'd been such a long time since I'd
fucked her so forcefully that I came before I expected to. I shot my cum deep
inside her and there seemed to be more than usual. I laid on top of her, and
still inside her, until my paroxysms ceased and I felt my erection subsiding. I
slowly withdrew from her and rolled away. She just laid there, unmoving and
uncomplaining.

      I looked down at her cunt and my cum was oozing out. Knowing how
fastidious she normally was I went to the dressing table and got some tissues
to clean her up with. I wiped the cum from her cunt lips and then pushed my
fingers inside her to clean her internally. My fingers slipped in very easily,
with no resistance, and no reaction from her, not even a change in her
breathing pattern. I took the tissue out then replaced my fingers inside her.

      I watched her face and began to give her a vigorous finger fuck. Some
rapid eye movement, probably cooncidental, and that was it. I took my fingers
out and experimentally spread her legs really wide, still no reaction. I
suddenly realised that a whole new world might be opening up for me. I was
wondering what to do next when discretion took over and I realised that I'd
better wait until the morning and find out what my wife had actually
experienced of the fucking I'd given her.

      I wiped her again with the tissues and went and threw them away. I put
her legs together and pulled her nightdress down to make her "decent" again. I
pulled the covers up and turned out the light. "Yes, thank you dear, I did
enjoy that" I said and chuckled to myself.

      In the morning she slept later than usual, the effect of the tablets, and
then spent much longer than usual in the bathroom. When she came out she said
to me, "was it all right for you last night? Did you enjoy it?"

      I somehow kept a straight face and repeated my remarks of last night,
then I asked her how it had been for her. She replied that she wouldn't have
known anything about it except that I hadn't cleaned her up very well
afterwards so she knew that I'd fucked her, or rather, in her parlance, "you
copulated with me dear."

      "Perhaps you could wear a condom dear, in future, when you do it? It'd be
less messy," she said.

      She must have seen my face.

      "No. I suppose after all these years that is an unfair request. Well
please clean me up properly, dear; sponge me well, inside and out, and spray me
with Femfresh afterwards if you don't mind dear."

      "Should I spray up inside your cunt, dear?" I asked.

      She looked crossly at me, "you know I don't like that word," she said.

      "No, don't spray into my vagina just my labia dear, and my pubic hair.
You'll find everything you need in the bathroom cabinet, dear."

      I checked again with her that I hadn't caused her any pain or
inconvenience but she confirmed again that she'd felt nothing, it was just the
"dried semen" which gave the game away.

      I went off to work quite excited and the day dragged. We watched
television when I got home, after we'd eaten, then about 9.30 I said to her
"Time to take your tablet dear."

      My wife looked at me in horror. "Oh No!" She said "You're surely not
planning on copulating with me again tonight are you?"

      I nodded my head and with a great show of reluctance she got the bottle
and took a tablet.She stayed watching television for a few minutes but when I
saw her getting drowsy I suggested that she should go to bed.

      I left it a good hour, my how the time dragged, until I went upstairs.
She was lying like last night, legs akimbo, cunt exposed. I went over and shook
her quite roughly by the shoulders but got no response.

      I pushed her nightie right up under her arms, exposing her boobs. I
touched her nipples, tentatively at first, and then squeezed her boobs hard.
The only response was in my trousers so I hurriedly stripped off to release my
erection.

      I sat on the side of the bed facing her feet and put her legs together.
then I put my hands under her knees and lifted her legs up towards me. With one
arm across the backs of her knees I was able to push two fingers of my other
hand into her cunt and start giving her a vigorous finger fuck. Her cunt was
soon producing juices and my fingers squished in and out. With the ever
increasing lubrication two fingers soon became three, then four. My whole hand
was going in and out of her cunt but still she was not reacting, the tablets
were doing their job! I'd seen a fuck movie with whole fist fucking in it but I
decided that I shouldn't go too far on this first occasion.

      I suddenly realised that there was a strong danger that I was going to
cum without fucking her properly, my erection was like steel and my balls were
throbbing. I stopped and lowered her legs back down onto the bed.

      I took the two pillows and put them at the edge of the bed. Then I moved
my wife to the edge, with her legs dangling over the side, and pushed the
pillows under her hips to raise her cunt up. I spread her thighs wide apart. I
stood between her thighs and directed my throbbing prick down into her very
moist, wide open, cunt. Slowly I entered this warm, wet,pulsating chasm. With
the finger fucking she was really moist and stretched.I stopped with my prick
buried right up her vaginal channel. I leaned over her and grasped the orbs of
her boobs and squeezed. Mentally I heard her voice saying, "No please don't do
that, you know I don't like it dear" but there was no response from her in her
drugged condition. I began to play with her nipples and felt them coming erect
under my finger tips. Slowly I started to move my penis in and out of her cunt
feeling her pussy lips gripping me securely and listening to the sucking
squelching sound emanating from her juicy twat.

      I held her thighs wide apart and began to thrust home hard, and
rhythmically, driving her onto the bed. All the time I was waiting for her to
wake up and push me off her, but it didn't happen. I powered in and out,
squelch! squelch! squelch! I didn't want to cum too quickly so after a few more
thrusts I stopped but stayed deep inside her. I reached down and, putting my
hands behind her knees, lifted her legs up and bent them back to lie across her
breasts and shoulders. Then I resumed fucking her, driving hard and fast deep
into her cunt.The fronts of my thighs slapped on the backs of hers and her head
jolted back everytime I slammed into her, harder and harder. I knew that I
couldn't hold out much longer, her cunt was pulsating, clasping and unclasping
my penis. The head of my prick was hitting her cervix on every savage thrust. I
began to cum and shot twice into her cunt before pulling out and letting her
legs fall back over the edge of the bed.I leaned right over her and worked my
prick to send great gobs of cum spurting up onto her breasts and stomach. I
stood back, panting, and watched my cum roll off her breasts, down her
breastbone and into her belly button. Yes she was right, sex could be a
gloriously messy business, oh how she'd have hated this if she'd been aware.

      Her body had reacted completely normally, her nipples were erect and firm
and her cunt lips were swollen with her engorged clitoris clearly visible,
throbbing with passion. I pushed her legs apart and watched my cum oozing out
of her cunt and rolling down the inside of her thighs.

      I found the sight very exciting and I rushed downstairs to get my
Polaroid camera. I laid my wife out to the best effect I could and took several
close-up shots of her cunt and pudenda to show her swollen cunt lips and the
cum. I found one of her scarves to put over her face and then took some general
body shots showing just how cum covered she was. I could think of some guys at
work who would enjoy these pictures.I didn't want them to realise it was my
wife.

      When I'd recovered my composure I went into the bathroom and got all the
paraphernalia to clean her up. First I used a damp sponge and tissues to give
her a surface clean, getting my cum out of her navel and off her stomach and
boobs before it dried. Then I wiped her pussy lips and the inside of her
thighs. There was an elastic band around a sort of stick with a sponge on the
end and a bottle of "Personal Disinfectant with Spermicidal Effect," (according
to the label). I realised that this must be to douche out her cunt. I soaked
the sponge in the disinfectant and then pushed it up into her cunt. I started
to clean her vaginal walls methodically but before I knew it I realised that I
was using the sponge device as a sort of dildo and giving her another fuck!
This caused her juices to start to flow again which helped to wash the remnants
of my cum out of her vagina. I found myself wondering how much of the time she
used to spend in the bathroom, after I'd fucked her, was spent masturbating
with this device. When I'd finished I took the aerosol of "Femfresh" and
dutifully sprayed her swollen cunt lips and her pubic hair.

      I knew that I'd given her a hard and vicious fuck so I thought that I'd
better check for bruising. I manoeuvred her back onto the bed and turned her
over, face down. I was afraid that the backs of her thighs might be marked, but
they weren't. I squeezed her buttock cheeks which were quite firm, not flabby.
I realised that in all our years of married life I'd never fucked her in the
backdoor.

      I rolled her back over, parted her legs again, and was pleased to see
that her pussy lips were no longer as swollen as they had been. I massaged her
breasts again before I pulled her nighty back down. I took all the cleaning
materials back to the bathroom and washed the sponges out.

      She slept late again the next day and when she appeared she was moving a
little awkwardly. Once again she asked me if everything had been all right, and
did I enjoy it. I replied that it had been and I did. She went on to thank me
for cleaning her up decently but she also said, "I think you must have been a
little rough with me last night, dear, my labia are a little swollen and my
breasts a little tender. I hope that you aren't taking advantage of me and
doing things you know I don't like, dear?"

      I hotly denied the accusation but all the time I was thinking of all the
other ways that I could possibly take advantage of her insensibility for my own
gratification.

      The guys at work got really excited about the pictures and, stupidly, I
boasted that I'd more I could show them. I went out at breaktime and did some
shopping in a local sex shop. I bought a leather face hood for my wife as well
as a massive dildo and some other items. The rest of the day didn't drag, I was
too busy planning my campaign for that night.All the same at the back of my
mind was a worry about how my wife was going to react when I asked her to take
a tablet again tonight, the third night running.

      I hadn't solved my problem by the time I got home but to my amazement my
wife solved it for me. I was stunned to see her go into her purse, at about
9.30, take out the bottle and swallow a tablet. She must have seen my face.
"Don't worry, dear" she said, "I know that even you couldn't want sex three
nights running but, quite honestly, I have slept so well the last two nights
with the tablets that I think I'll take one every night. But be sure to tell me
the nights you want to have copulate with me so that I can prepare myself for
you. Goodnight!" and she went up the stairs.

      I gave her time to get into bed then I went up to say goodnight to her,
and wish her a good nights sleep. I noticed that since she wasn't expecting any
sexual activity tonight she was wearing PJs and not a nightdress.


                      "Conjugal Rights and Wifely Duties"
                          Part 2 ....The Photo Session

      I gave her time to get into bed then I went up to say goodnight to her,
and wish her a good nights sleep. I noticed that since she wasn't expecting any
sexual activity she was wearing PJs and not a nightdress.

      I came back downstairs and waited impatiently for another hour until I
was sure that the tablet would have taken effect and she'd be in a good drugged
sleep.

      When I went back up she was sleeping like a babe with the bedclothes
tucked around her. Better safe than sorry I shook her by the shoulders, like I
had the night before, just to make sure she was right out... she was.

      I pulled the bedclothes right off her and folded them down to the bottom
of the bed. She was lying on her side in a foetal position so I straightened
her out and put her flat on her back. I lifted her head up and carefully put on
the leather hood I'd bought in the sex shop.It just had nose and mouth holes
for her to breathe through, it didn't have any eye holes. It was held in place
by velcro at the back of the neck.

      I unbuttoned her jacket and opened it up to expose her breasts which I
squeezed and fondled until her nipples came erect. Her PJ bottoms were the old
fashioned type, held up by a cord. I undid the cord and parted the top exposing
her triangle of pubic hair. I ran my hand down across her bush and slipped two
fingers through her pussy slit into her cunt. It was already getting moist
following the attention I'd given to her breasts. I took the first snapshot of
the evening with her lying like that, half undressed.

      I grasped her PJ bottoms firmly at the waist band and pulled them down
over her hips and thighs. Finally down over her calves and right off. She
actually looked quite erotic with her jacket still on, but unbuttoned, and
naked from the waist down.

      I spread her legs wide and bent her knees slightly. I pushed two fingers
into her cunt and worked her off until she was fairly moist. The dildo I'd
bought was enormous. It was the traditonal style, shaped like an erect
circumsized penis. The balls served as a handgrip and the main stem was about
nine inches long and 2 inches in diameter. It looked so huge that I had a
momentary concern about using it, then I realised that women's vaginas and
cunts were stretched far wider, without ill effects, when they gave birth.

      I lubricated the tip of the dildo and slowly introduced it through her
pussy lips, then pushed. Her cunt opened up to receive it and I was able to
force it inside. I pushed it in and out a few times until it was moving easily,
her vagina walls had expanded to accept it.

      I took a series of pictures using the dildo. I took it out of her cunt
and then took my wife's hand and closed it round the handgrip  and took a shot
like that, with the head of the dildo just at her pussy lips. Then I pushed it
in so that there was about three inches sticking out of her. It looked as if
she was using the dildo. With the hood having no eyeholes you couldn't tell she
was asleep.

      I took several more shots,pushing it in further before each picture.
Occasionally I had to massage her boobs again. With her being asleep her
nipples wouldn't stay erect and it was noticeable in the shots. Finally by
spreading her thighs as wide as possible I was able to get the dildo right in
with only the balls protruding. To make this shot more effective I put both her
hands on to the dildo.

      This gave me another idea.I put the dildo aside and took my wifes left
hand and pushed two fingers into her cunt. Her cunt lips held her hand in
place. I repeated this trick with her right hand as well and it looked as if
she was opening up her cunt for the photographer.

      I turned her over, onto her stomach, and squeezed her butt. Then I parted
her buttock cheeks to open up her anus. I considered using the dildo but since
she had never actually been assfucked I decided that going straight in with the
dildo would be a bit reckless, and dangerous. If I split her sphincter she
would certainly be aware of it in the morning. Instead I moistened my fingers
and pushed two through her asshole and worked them about. With a bit of effort
I was able to get them in virtually all the way.

      Another idea came into my head! I put her PJ trousers back on, pulling
them up to just above her knees and straightened her jacket to lie just above
her waist. Her buttock cheeks and ass were still completely exposed.I took her
right arm and bent it behind her, moistened her first two fingers and pushed
them right into her anus. It made a sensational photo.

      By now my erection was waving in the air, demanding to be satisfied.

      I moved the stool from the dressing table and put it by the full length
mirror. After I'd taken her PJ trousers off again I dragged her over to the
stool. I laid her over it on her stomach.Her head and chest dangled over one
end and I bent her knees so that it looked as if she was kneeling. When I
spread her legs and parted her thighs she was in the perfect position for a
fuck, "doggy style." I hoped that I could take a good shot in the mirror of my
penis sliding into her.

      I knelt down besides her and eased my prick through her pussy lips and
just into her cunt, so that it was just held in place. I was able to twist
round with the camera, without dislodging myself, and get a close-up shot in
the mirror of my prick entering her cunt.

      It was a disaster! I'd forgotten that you can't take a flash picture in a
mirror, all you get is a blinding light!

      I tried to take a good shot without using the flash but there just wasn't
enough light.

      By now my prick was throbbing and there was no way I could concentrate on
anything else until I'd relieved myself. I pulled out and  moved my wife a
little further over the stool and raised myself up to get more comfortable.  I
leaned over her and grasped her boobs firmly. Then I thrust deep into her. My
rod was as firm as it has ever been and slid in to fill her cunt completely. I
had been afraid that after being stretched by the dildo her vagina might have
been slack and sloppy, but it wasn't.

      I worked myself off inside her, slowly at first then building up until I
was pounding into her meat with a savage ferocity. Although she was sound
asleep her cunt was producing love juices as usual and I soon felt her vagina
start to palpitate around my prick in orgasm.

      I felt myself cumming and convulsed and threw my first load up inside her
vagina. I hurriedly pulled out, still ejaculating, and sprayed copious amounts
of cum up onto her buttocks. I held her buttock cheeks apart so that some of my
cum landed around her asshole. I worked myself by hand until my orgasm was over
to make sure that I'd no more cum to paint her with.

      I lifted her back onto the bed, face down, and spread her legs wide
apart. I spread the cum around her anus and down to her cunt lips so that it
looked as if she'd been fucked in both holes. I finished off the polaroid
cassette with shots of her cum streaked butt.

      I lite a cigarette whilst I thought about how to proceed. I really wanted
to be able to get some shots of my wife being fucked but the experinent with
the mirror hadn't worked. I supposed that I could get high power spotlight
bulbs and put them in the lamps but that would be a bit of a nuisance. What I
really needed was for someone else to either take the photos or, perhaps, fuck
my wife.

      I immediately though oft Tom. He was often making lewd comments about my
wife and although I'd tried to persuade him that she wasn't really up to much.
Well that was then and now is now. She could take whatever we wanted to give
her as long as we were careful. Yes, Tom would probably be the guy to ask.

      I was glad that I hadn't cleaned her up yet. Thinking about possible
solutions to my problems had given me another hard. I pulled her to the edge of
the bed spread her thighs wide and gave her another good fucking. I had no
plans for any more photographs so I just concentrated on giving it to her hard,
fast, and deep, and this time she got all my cum inside her.

      Afterwards I cleaned her up well and carefully dressed her back in her
PJs. I had to clean some cum off the back of the jacket; after I'd fucked her
over the stool, when I was cumming over her butt, I'd accidentally fired some
cum too far. I sponged it off and reckoned the jacket would dry by the morning,
at least I hoped so! I took the hood off her and put her back in the foetal
position. I had a shower then went to bed myself. I slept like a baby.

      At breakfast I asked her how she'd slept, was it worth her taking the
sleeping tablet.

      "Oh yes dear! I slept very well indeed. I didn't dream and I don't think
I stirred. I'm going to carry on taking a tablet every night, if you don't
mind?"

      If I didn't mind! I laughed to myself and went off to work with my new
set of photo's to show the lads. I was also thinking about the other things I'd
seen in the sex shop, manacles and silk ropes and other devices, and planning
to talk to Tom. Oh No! I didn't mind!


                       Conjugal Rights and Wifely Duties
                             Part 3 ........The Den

      "Oh yes dear! I slept very well indeed, like a baby. I didn't dream and I
don't think I stirred. I'm going to carry on taking a tablet every night, if
you don't mind?"

      If I didn't mind! I laughed to myself and went off to work with my new
set of photo's to show the lads. I was also thinking about the other things I'd
seen in the sex shop, manacles and silk ropes and other devices, and planning
to talk to Tom. Oh No! I didn't mind!

      When I got to work the lads pestered me until I showed them the new
photos. The leather hood aroused some comment but as I expected the lascivious
photo with my wife's fingers stuck into her asshole got raucous support. The
other one they particularly liked was the butt cum shot.But they also asked me
when I was going to have some "proper fuck photos" to show them.

      I showed Tom the photos later. He spent some time studying them all,
squeezing his crotch at the same time. He gave me the opening I needed when he
whistled in appreciation and said

      "Wow! I wouldn't mind giving her one, quite a figure!"

      When I told him that he had said that before. he looked at me strangely
and said, "you aren't telling me that this is your fucking wife are you? I
didn't think that she'd be into this sort of thing. No offence, she's got a
hell of a fuckable body but she always seems so prudish."

      I laughed and told him that he was half right. I explained that it was my
wife but that she was drugged and asleep, hence the hood.

      He looked at me in utter disbelief, even more so when I explained that it
was her idea to take the sleeping tablets but that she didn't know about the
photos. I explained to him my problem with the flash photography and that I was
looking for an assistant who would certainly be able to "give her one" if they
wanted to.

      He whistled again and then said to me, "you've got a den in the basement
haven't you," I nodded, "and your wife never goes down there," I agreed again.

      In fact perversely, although there is nothing special down there its just
a room with some basic funriture and with my darkroom off it, I keep it locked
just to annoy my wife.

      "Well look" he said "with a little bit of work we could probably turn the
den into a first rate studio and fucking parlour. What do you think?"

      This sounded an excellent idea so I suggested he should come round that
evening to have a look at the den, not for anything else I hastened to add.

      At supper time I told my wife that Tom was coming round and we would be
discussing some things down in the den.

      When he came I saw him looking at my wife in a speculative manner and I
hurriedly rushed him down into the den, taking a six-pack with us.

      He whistled appreciatively when he saw that I actually had a divan in the
den. I took notes as he pointed out where we could fix rings on the wall and
floor to take the rope and manacles I'd bought. Another good  suggestion was
that we could swop some of the wall lights for proper photographic floodlights.
He said that he had a padded bench at home which he could bring that would be
just right for spreading my wife over. He measured up for some background
drapes and for a strategically positioned mirror.

      We chatted a while, finishing the beers, and then went upstairs. It was
quite late and my wife had gone to bed. With Tom having been such a big help,
and me feeling a bit mellow, I thought I should let him see what was on offer
for the future.I told him to wait a minute and went up to the bedroom. My wife
was sound asleep. I shouted down to Tom to come up.

      I pulled the bedcovers down and she was wearing her pajamas. I
straightened her put on the bed then unbuttoned her jacket and released her
boobs. Tom licked his lips and began to squeeze his groin, as he had done when
he looked at the pictures in the morning.

      I undid the cord on the PJ bottoms and pulled them down slightly,
spreading her thighs slightly at the same time. Tom looked at me and I nodded
to him.

      He unbuttoned his belt, dropped his pants and pushed his undershorts
down. His prick shot out firm and erect. I laughed and pulled her PJ bottoms
right off then stood back to watch.

      He ran his hand through her bush and over her pussy then thrust two
fingers hard into her cunt. He pushed them firmly in and out until he was
satisfied that she was ready.He grabbed her by the hips and pulled her towards
the edge of the bed. He spread her thighs wide and pushed her legs back on to
her boobs then leant forward and sank his tool into her with one firm thrust.

      I watched fascinated! Despite having seen many fuck movies it was
sensational not only being within touching distance of the action but also
realising that the cunt the prick was working in and out of was my wife's. I
suddenly realised what was going on and rushed to get the camera and started
snapping away as Tom fucked on. It was my 35mm SLR, not the polaroid, and I
realised that that I would have to develop and print the film myself, which
would be a chore for later on, but for now I was happy enough viewing Tom's
prick squishing in and out of my wife and watching her cunt lips open and close
around his tool, wrapping thenselves around it like a glove. Not expecting her
to be fucked tonight I hadn't put her hood on but I was so close to the action
that the chances of getting her face into the shots had to be remote. Tom had
always fancied "giving her one" now he was.

      "Squish, Slap, Huh! Su..uuck; Squish, Slap, Huh! Su..uuck; Squish, Slap,
Huh! Su..uuck"

      I hadn't realised how noisy fucking could be, as a participant I suppose
you don't  notice but as a bystander I did.

      As Tom thrust powerfully into her cunt, sliding his prick right into her
vagina as far as he could the fronts of his thighs slapped against her buttocks
and the backs of her thighs. My wife was involuntarily exhaling as the breath
was forced from her both by the power of his thrusts and by the way her thighs
were forced down onto her chest as he drove inwards. As he withdrew prior to
driving in again he had to overcome the suction of her cunt.

      I stopped taking "photos and just enjoyed the spectacle of my wife being
well and truly fucked. My only worry was that in the morning she may be sore or
bruised from the battering Tom was administering, and how would I explain that?

      His rod was quite long and sometimes I thought that it was going to slip
out of her cunt but he never pulled it out beyond the tip before hammering it
back into her. Her silence, apart from the enforced exhalation of air, was
eery. Watching the way Tom was fucking her, the depth of his thrusts, the power
he exerted and the way he was increasing speed, I knew that any normal, wide
awake woman would be bucking about underneath him, screaming and shouting in
ecstacy as she approached orgasm.

      I suddenly realised that Tom, himself, must be getting pretty close to
his orgasm so I picked up the camera again and focussed on her groin area. His
prick was almost a blur as he fucked her faster and faster. I set the shutter
as fast as I could in the hope that I'd get a good shot of his cum flying
though the air before it splattered down on to her.

      Even as I watched his stroke got shorter and slower, but deeper and then
after four powerful final thrusts he groaned and came to a halt with his prick
buried completely in her cunt, his groin pressed hard against hers, and I
realised I wasn't going to get a cum shot! He had filled my wifes vagina
instead.

      He stayed lodged in my wife for a minute or two before slowly withdrawing
his now shrivelling prick, a final drop of cum at the tip. As it slipped out
through her cunt lips they closed behind it and some of his cum was forced out
of her.

      He held his tool over my wife's stomach and worked his foreskin backwards
and forwards until the very last of his emissions had been expelled on to her.

      Tom backed away and took a tissue off the dressing table to dry his tool
off with. I couldn't take my eyes off my wife's freshly fucked body. Even as I
watched more cum suddenly oozed out from between her pussy lips and I realised
that her vaginal walls were probably still contracting from the unconscious
orgasm which she must have experienced.

      I became aware of an ache in my loins and realised that I'd developed a
very strong erection. Although I hadn't intended for my wife to be fucked at
all tonight, not by me and certainly not by Tom. I suppose that my subconscious
had wanted to see Tom fuck her, otherwise I wouldn't have invited him upstairs
and now my erection was going to make me take her as well.

      Tom had dressed himself by now and said that he had better get home to
his own wife so I took him down stairs and let him out. He insisted on chatting
a bit longer.

      "That wife of yours is one hell of a fuck," he said. "Even though she was
asleep her cunt was still responding, that's why I couldn't pull out to give
you a good cum shot. Sorry about that." He went on, "If you set the den up
right we can have a great time! I think we will be able to stake her out for
some great shots"

      I nodded, all the time aware of the hardness in my pants, hoping that
what he was saying wouldn't stimulate me too much with possibly disastrous
consequences.

      "Say, has she ever been ass-fucked? If she hasn't that will be a real
challenge, ass-fucking her without her knowing anything about it. We would need
to spread that over a few nights, I guess. Maybe you should add some different
sizes of dildos to your list so that we can stretch her a bit further each
time. Whaddya say Bud?"

      I nodded again and then, thank goodness, he went.

      I closed the door behind him and rushed upstairs, unfastening my belt as
I went.

      My wife was lying on the edge of the bed with one leg, knee bent, on the
bed and the other dangling off the side. Her cunt was exposed and cum was still
seeping out of her. There was a puddle of cum on the bedclothes. The sheer fury
with which Tom had fucked her and the amount of cum he had produced set me
wondering just how well, and how often, he was allowed to service his own wife,
Mary.

      Looking at Tom's cum dribbling out of my wife I realised that until a
couple of days ago I'd never fucked a cum filled cunt before.My wife always
felt that fucking her more than once at a time was a form of perversion and had
never allowed it. Now I was going to drive my prick into my wife's cunt which
was already filled with cum, not mine but a strangers. The thought hardened my
erection still further and caused me problems getting my shorts off.

      I put both her legs back on the bed and spread her as wide as I could. I
held her thighs apart and leaned over her. My throbbing tool found its way
straight through her pussy lips and I slid into her moist, warm, gooey channel
right to the hilt. Tom's cum and her own juices had lubricated her so well that
maximum penetration was easy. As I began to work away at her I marvelled at how
her cunt was so adaptable. Although Tom's phallus was bigger, and longer, than
mine and he must have stretched her wide open her vagina was now clasping my
penis tightly.

      I stayed still for a moment, savouring the sensations. The warmth and the
moisture, the velvety feel and then I felt her vagina walls beginning to
palpitate around my prick. I realised that the second penetration by me had
stimulated a reflex action and the orgasm she'd experienced with Tom was
returning. I remembered how she'd always resisted a second penetration in the
past not realising that her body could take as much fucking as it was given.She
would never know what she'd missed.

      I began to drive into her hard and her cunt responded by gripping and
releasing me ever more firmly. I grasped her hips and pulled her buttocks off
the bed.I thrust harder and faster and her cunt responded magnificently  and I
could hold back no more. My cum shot out of my prick and up her vagina to mix
with Tom's. Again and again I convulsed and even as I pulled out cum was still
spurting out and landed in her bush and on her stomach.

      The next morning she did comment that her thighs were sore but she
accepted my suggestion that she'd probably had an attack of cramp in the night.

      Over the next few nights Tom and I did the necessary work in the den. We
left my wife alone so that we would be able to do her justice when we were
ready for her. We watched some fuck movies, when we were drinking our beers, to
give us ideas on how to use her best.

      Actually it isn't quite right to say we left her alone because she
actually had some anal sexual activity every night.

      Following Tom's suggestion I'd been pulling her pajama trousers down at
bedtime and using first my fingers and then a dildo in her anus to get it
stretched ready for us when we wanted to assfuck her.

      I didn't want her to think I'd gone off sex completely so the night we
expected to finish the den I told her that I was going to fuck her. Since she
didn't think she'd been fucked for a couple of weeks she took it graciously.

      "Very well. I'll make myself ready for you later."

      When I went up she was on her back, the bedclothes turned down and she
was wearing a nightie which she'd bunched up around her waist as usual. Her
legs were spread wide apart with her knees bent fully exposing her cunt. To be
fair to her she did try to make it easy for me to fuck her even if it was a bit
clinical.

      I didn't actually fuck her, I hadn't intended to. Tonight was to be the
moment of truth for her asshole! Tonight I was going to use the biggest dildo.

      I fingered her first and then fucked her in the cunt with the dildo. As
her juices started to flow, and the dildo was squishing in and out with little
resistance, I saw that her tits were coming erect and she was obviously
becoming aroused.I fucked her faster until her cunt lips and tits were fully
engorged and she was having an orgasm. I reckoned she deserved the occasional
orgasm if Tom and I were going to abuse and exploit her.

      I took the dildo out of her cunt, it slid out easily, it was soaked with
her slimy juices, really well lubricated. I thought about it and decided it was
now or never.

      I turned her over and spread her buttock cheeks as best I could.Then I
took a deep breath, and slowly pressed the tip of the dildo against her asshole
and pushed firmly. At first nothing happened then slowly her anus opened up and
accepted it. Her sphincter stretched wide open to accept the head of the dildo
and then closed around the shaft to gtip it firmly. Her juices were a good
lubricant and I worked the dildo slowly in and out, a bit deeper on each
insertion, watching for any sign of tearing or bleeding. Finally I was working
it in about four or five inches without any problems. I fucked her fast for a
minute or two then pulled the dildo out with a plop. There was no sign of any
bleeding but to be sure I pushed my fingers right in to her ass. They came out
without any blood on them. I heaved a sigh of relief. The dildo was far bigger
than either Tom or myself, we would be able to assfuck her with impunity as
long as we were hard enough to get in.

      When I'd turned her back over, and pulled her nightie back down, I went
downstairs and telephoned Tom to tell him what I'd done and suggest that
tomorrow night we could initiate the den.

      I debated with myself the next evening whether to warn my wife or
not,after all Tom and I didn't really care whether she went to sleep in her
nightie with her legs spread apart, or curled up wearing her PJs, we were going
to strip her completely. I guess it would have been kinder not to say anything
but pure cussedness made me tell her that I was going to fuck her again that
night. She wasn't happy about it and protested long and loud. The affect of her
complaints on me was to make my prick hard and she was lucky that I didn't take
her then and there.

      When Tom arrived we went down to the den and set up the ropes and pulleys
over the divan which would enable us to manipulate and expose her however we
wanted.

      About 10pm we went up to the bedroom. Despite her protests earlier my
wife had made herself easily accessible as usual, if I'd just been planning a
simple fuck, that is.

      I pulled her nightie right off over her head and arms, and folded it up
and put it on the bedside chair. Whilst I was doing this Tom had parted her
thighs and pushed his fingers into her cunt. He was preparing it for later. I
watched and, when he was satisfied that she was moist enough, we turned her
over and I parted her buttocks so that he could insert his fingers into her
anus. Now that I'd prepared the way assfucking was definitely scheduled for
later.

      When we'd turned her back over I put my hands under her arms and thighs
and picked her up. Tom led the way back down to the den.

      I put her naked body down on the divan, under the ropes and pulleys, and
spread her arms and legs apart.

      Whilst Tom put manacles on her ankles I secured another set on her
wrists, then I put the leather hood over her head and fastened it. We intended
to film all the action and had set up 2 camcorders. Her head was sure to come
into shot on many occasions.

      Tom and I stripped off also and put on the rubber face masks we'd got for
ourselves so that we wouldn't be recognised.

      Now we had to decide how to use her to best advantage. What was going to
give us the most satisfaction, make the best video, and exploit her best for
all the humiliation she'd caused me in the past?

      Tom looked at me, "what shall we do to the Cunt first?" he asked.


                        Conjugal Rights & Wifely Duties
                              Part 4 -- Final Part

      Tom and I had been enjoying my wife for several weeks. I think enjoying
is the word although some might say that exploiting and abusing was more
accurate. With the apparatus in the den we'd been able to set her up how we
wanted. For example we'd been able to suspend her with the ropes and manacles
so that we could double fuck her, cunt and ass at the same time. When you
consider that her ass had been virgin just a few short weeks ago we felt this
was quite an achievment.

      My wife, of course, knew nothing of this. As far as she was concerned she
was simply fulfilling her wifely duties by making her cunt available to me on
request. She thought that I was fucking her, in her own bed, cumming in her
cunt, cleaning her up and saying "Thank you mam! Three bags full" every time.
She didn't know that she was being stripped naked, manacled and strung up for
Tom and I to exploit both by fucking her and photographing her for the
vicarious pleasure of our workmates. She didn't know that both her cunt and her
asshole were being used by us both.She didn't know that we were taking
advantage of her most nights, not just those when I'd to demean myself by
asking her to make herself available for sex.

      Despite all these advantages, however, Tom and I had to confess that we
were getting bored! We knew her cunt and asshole intimately, we knew what was
necessary to instigate a reflex orgasm from her. We both kept coming up with
different ideas to freshen up our relationship with my wife but any new ideas
only offered transient vicarious pleasure.

      Many nights my wife was tied down, both exposed and available, but
serving purely as a backdop to Tom and I playing cards and drinking beer. She
could have been lying sleeping in bed for all the use we made of her.We could
look at her naked body now without developing instant erections. She was
becoming a bore!!

      Things changed dramatically however. One night Tom was late arriving. I'd
already stripped my wife and carried her downstairs before he came. I'd laid
her on the divan and spread her arms and legs out wide. We had put rings in the
wall at both sides of the bed head and on the floor at the foot of the bed. I
had manacled her wrists and ankles and tied the manacles to the rings. Then I
pushed a bolster under her hips so that her pudenda was pushed forwards and
upwards. Once I had her in position I'd pulled the ropes taut before tying them
off. She was completely immobilised and completely exposed.

      Tom knocked at the door as usual but when I opened it he stepped inside
then stood there looking, and acting, a little embarrassed.

      "I've got Mary with me" he said.

      Mary was his wife and I'd been wondering for some time what his
relationship was with her. Certainly when we first started abusing my wife he
had always performed with such enthusiasm that I'd felt his own sex life wasn't
that good. I wondered what he'd done to Mary to get her here. Drugged her
secretly? Got her drunk?

      I told him that it wasn't a problem and he had better bring her in. He
went back out and I was stunned when Mary appeared not being carried by Tom but
walking with him, neither drugged nor drunk. I didn't know what was going on so
I invited them both into the living room and got us drinks. Then it all came
out, and it was almost unbelievable.

      Apparently Mary had been disturbed by the decreasing interest Tom had
been paying her and had finally got it out of him what was happening; the whole
story.

      "So you are the other pervert" she said to me, "Is it fun taking
advantage of a sleeping woman?" She went on, "wouldn't you rather get your
kicks with a woman who would actually enjoy being tied-up, humiliated and
exploited? Why didn't you look for one like that to share your pleasures with?"

      Tom and I just looked at her and said nothing, not really believing what
we were hearing.

      "No! I don't suppose it would occur to either of you that a woman might
enjoy it as much as you. You are both too selfish. Well, I'm here now. Take me
down to the den and abuse me"

      We went downstairs and Mary saw my wife spread out for the evening's
activities.

      She walked over and had a good look at the way she was stretched out. She
grasped my wife's boobs, squeezing them and pinching her nipples. Then she ran
her hands up my wifes inner thighs and worked her thumbs into her pussy slit.
It was quite erotic watching another woman caressing my wife's body. Mary
shuddered and stepped back from my wife. She inspected the ropes and manacles
aand then saw the dildos lying on the table she picked up the biggest one.

      "You use this in her regularly?" she asked, we nodded. She stepped up to
the divan and with one thrust buried the implement right in my wife's cunt,
right to the hilt. She worked it roughly in an out of my wife a few times
rubbing her other hand in her own crotch. She shuddered again and pulled the
dildo out.

      "God, that must be delicious and the silly cow knows nothing about it"

      She turned back to Tom and I, standing there dumbfounded.

      "Well, why don't you boy scouts untie her and put her back to bed then
strap me down in her place. I can't wait to have that thing up inside me."

      She began to unbutton her blouse. We had our orders!

      Tom helped me unfasten my wife and carry her back to the bedroom. I put
her nightie back on and we put her back in bed.

      When we got back to the den Mary was lying on the divan, stark naked.

      "Right! Strap me down just like you did your wife" she demanded. "I want
you to use me just exactly the same and don't take any notice if I tell you to
stop. Play by the same rules. I didn't see any sign of bruising on her so you
haven't been too brutal. Just get on with it. I'm hot!"

      Tom and I hurried to obey. Mary was smaller than my wife. In all honesty
she was neater and had a much better figure. We had to adjust the length of the
ropes to get her stretched and exposed the same way. I put the hood over her
head and fastened it securely.

      When we had her laid out as my wife had been I picked up the dildo. Tom
was going to work her cunt with his fingers in preparation for penetration but
I held my hand up to stop him. His darling Mary hadn't prepared my wife. I
could see Mary licking her lips as she sensed that I was near her. There were
no eyeholes in the hood so she couldn't see me. Just as she'd done with my wife
I shoved the didlo right in her in one swift movement. Her hips came off the
bed and she screamed. I remembered what she'd said and took no notice but just
pushed the device in and out as hard and fast as I could. Her screams turned to
moans as the dildo slipped in and out more and more easily and her juices
gushed out of her pussy. She'd quickly come to orgasm.

      We undid the ropes from the floor rings and tied them to the extra set
behind the bedhead. I did up the restraining belt around her waist and Tom and
I pulled on the repositioned ropes so that her legs were pulled back towards
the head of the bed. She was still enjoying her first orgasm and didn't realise
that what we were doing now was bending her back to expose her asshole as well
as her cunt. The restraining strap prevented her whole body from being pulled
up the bed.

      Tom then said to me, "hold on! Mary has never been assfucked by me in her
life."

      I just smiled at him. Tonights happenings had made me realise that there
were probably many things that Tom didn't know about his sweet, demure,
wholesome Mary.

      He tried to stop me but I brushed him aside and told him to remember her
instructions to treat her as if she was my wife.

      I pressed the dildo against her asshole. As I'd half expected instead of
tightening up she relaxed and pushed back at me as best she could, it
definitely wasn't going to be the first time her asshole had been penetrated
whatever Tom might think. I slammed the dildo through her sphincter and into
her rectum. She shrieked but her sphincter had opened to accommodate the dildo
and there was no tearing. I worked it in and out and she moaned and struggled.
I finally got it all into her.

      I left it wedged in her anus and motioned to Tom to help me untie the
ropes and restraining strap. We kept her manacled and dragged her over to the
bench Tom had brought from home. I pushed her face down over it and tied the
ropes beneath her.I cuffed her wrists together under the bench. My cock was
hard and rigid. I pulled the dildo out of her asshole then leant over the bench
and pierced her with my prick. My weight took me straight in up to the hilt.
Besides me I heard Tom wimpering as my tool slid into his little Mary's
asshole. He had never realised before what a slut his Mary was.

      I did press-ups over her as she cursed and swore underneath me, obviously
enjoying the deep anal insertion. Finally Tom could stand it no more. He knelt
in front of her and pressed his phallus against the mouth hole of the leather
hood.

      "Suck this you bitch! Take it all in you slut!"

      He pushed his tool through the opening and Mary became silent as his
prick filed her mouth.

      I suddenly realised that I was being raped. I'd never experienced an
assfuck such as I was getting from Mary before. With my sleeping wife it had
been a different form of masturbation but Mary was fucking me, I wasn't in
control. She was relaxing her sphincter as I drove into her so that I'd go deep
then clenching and unclenching her muscles as I withdrew.This was sure as hell
no virgin ass.

      I couldn't hold out for long with Mary milking me this way and as I came
and spurted my cum deep into her bowels her muscles clenched and unclenched
more rapidly to milk me dry. I withdrew, dribbling the last drops of my
emission on to her buttock cheeks.

      Tom was fucking her mouth, hard. It was bizarre, it looked as if he was
pushing his prick in and out of a leather ball. Mary definitely had no control
with him. Her hands were cuffed together under the bench and he was grasping
her head firmly, pushing and pulling in time with his thrusts. When he went too
deep she gagged and spluttered.

      He came in her mouth and withdrew still cumming. The hood was splattered
with gobs of his cum. Mary's tongue appeared out of the mouth hole to lick the
remnants from the corner of the mouth opening.

      Tom and I sat back, leaving Mary squirming on the bench cum dribbling
from the mouth hole of the hood and running down her thighs. We looked at one
another. We both knew that this was more satisfying than exploiting my wife
could ever be... being able to indulge our obscene fantasies on an awake
partner was going to be really stimulating!!

                                    The End

