Archive-name: Violent/crime1.txt
Archive-author: Paul Colbenson
Archive-title: Shopping Spree


    ---------------------------------------------------------------
| This story is contains a graphic account of violent sex with  |
|  an underaged person. If you don't enjoy this kind of story,  |
|   please stop reading now. The characters in this story are   |
|  purely fictional, as is this story. Any similarities between |
|  any person or persons living or dead is purely coincidental. |
| The author of this story is currently working on a part 2 to  |
| this story. If you have any suggestions, please write to Paul |
|                Colbenson on Rusty & Eddies BBS.               |
    ---------------------------------------------------------------



    I noticed the two of them when they walked into my store.
It was two kids, a boy and a girl. They are looking around        
nervously, so instantly I am alert to them. After spending 16     
years in this business, you get so as you can spot shop lifters,
even before they take anything.

    They walk around the shop until they think that nobodies
watching them, and take a $200 ceramic statue. I have to
give them credit, it is a nice looking statue. I wait until they
get outside the store before I pounce on them. I love this part,
they always jump a mile when I grab them. I wasn't
disappointed. They jumped practically out of their skins!!!

    I took them back to my office, and sat behind the desk.
"Ok, which should I call first, your parents, or the police?" The
two of them start trembling. 

    "What's your name boy?" 

    "St..St..Steve", he stammered out.

    "Well Steve, give me your home phone number." He gave me
his number, and I verified it in the phone book. 

    "All right Steve, how old are you?"

    "13", he said.

    "Ok, you go into the next office and sit while I decide
what to do with you."     He walked out of the office. I the girl
the same questions and verified the phone number in the phone
book. 

    Her name was Jill, and was also 13.

    "What do you think I should do with you?", I asked her. She
could only stand there trembling.

    "You know of course that by taking a $200 statue, that you
have committed a felony?" She just shook her head no, and her
eyes started to get puffy. Go lock the door, and come back to the
front of my desk, and stand there while I decide.

-----------------------------------------------------------------

    I don't know why Steve and I had decided to steal that 
statue, it was just something to do. I didn't expect to get
caught. I lock the door like the man told me too, and I thought
about how badly my parents were going to punish me. Steve was in
even more trouble, his dad didn't need many excuses to beat him.

    I was standing in front of the desk again, trying to fight
back the tears. I wish that I would stop shaking, boy am I going
to get it when I get home!!!

    He asked me once again if I knew what he should do with me.
I stammered out a "No". 

    "Then I'll make you a deal", he said, "You do exactly what
I tell you, and I won't call the police, or your parents, but the
moment that you decide that you want to stop, I'll call them both,
understand?"

    Seeing a way out of the trouble that I was in , I agreed.
First he told me to take a step back. So I did it. Then he told
me to set my purse on the floor. As I set it down he cleared the
stuff off the top of his desk. If all he was going to do,
is tell me to move around the room, then this would be easy.
I was feeling better already.

    "What is the farthest that you have gone with a boy?"

    "I let one touch me above the waist once, and only over the
clothes, I would never let them do it under them." So maybe he
only wants me to answer some dirty questions, it's still better
than being punished.

    "Ok, now, take your top off." 

    I felt my stomach tighten up into a knot. Certainly I heard
him wrong. "What", I said.

    "Take your shirt off."

    "Please, anything but that."

    "I'm not going to force you to do anything, so if you want
to stop, that's your choice. I'll just make my calls to your
parents and the police, and be done with it."

    He reached for the phone book, and started thumbing through
it. God are my parents going to be pissed. I won't EVER hear the
end of it. And Steve, I still remember the last time his dad beat
him, and that was just for forgetting to put the garden hose away.
I start to think how bad this one is gonna be. Oh, god, I can't
think of poor Steve worse than he was then....

_________________________________________________________________

    I was in the middle of dialing the phone when she said
"Wait". I stopped dialing the phone, and said "Yes?"

    "I..I...I'll do it."

    I set the phone back into the cradle, and looked up at
her. She was shaking hard, and I could tell she was scared. She
didn't make any move at all, until I said,"Well?"

    She slowly brought her hands up to the top button of her
blouse, and fumbled with it. Her hands were trembling, so the
button must have been extremely difficult to undo, as it is,
she spent long enough getting it undone. She looked up at me as
if hoping that this one button would be enough. I didn't make a
move, she looked down to the floor, and moved her hands to the
next button. She must have gotten more control over her hands,
because this one came undone a lot faster than the first one.

    When she finally moved her hands down to the next button, I
could see the white bow of her little bra, peeking out at me. I
had a clear view of her cleavage coming out the top of her bra.

    When she had finished with the exposed buttons, I told her
to untuck the blouse. There was one more button left. She undid
it without being told, and then crossed her arms over her chest,
to try and cover herself. I said, "The shirts not off yet."

    She slipped the shirt over her shoulder, which were
trembling as if she were being shaken. It got to her elbows, and
she held it there with her arms. "Off." I said, and she let it
drop to the floor. Her arms went back up to cover her chest.

    "Come around to the side of the desk." I told her. She
slowly scuffled her way to the side of the desk. I told her to
turn her back to me, which she did very quickly. I then reached
out, and touched her back with my hand. She reacted as if I had
touched her with a hot poker. She started to move away from me,
when I told her to stop, and come back to me. She did as she
was told.

    I reached up, and touched her back again, she still tensed,
but she didn't move away. I slid my hands up to the hook of her
bra, and undid it. The release caused her to tense up as stiff as
board.

    I reached up from my chair, and placed my hands on her
shoulders. I heard a muffled sob from her. I slid the straps down
her shoulders, until they came to the end of her arms which were
pressed so tightly against her ribs, that her hands were turning
white.

    "Let it fall", I told her. She let it fall to the ground.
"Now turn and face me." She started to rotate around to me, at
the same time, her arms come up to cover her exposed breasts.

    I sat back and looked at her. Her waist was only just now
starting to slim, and her stomach was very flat. The breasts were
being pressed down so tightly by her arms, that they were bulging
out the top and bottom of her arms. I told her to drop the arms.

    She started by releasing the tension , which caused the
bulging to stop. Then slowly moved her arms down to her sides.
Her breasts were only in the early stages of development.
They are more cone shaped than round, and the pigmentation
around the nipple was still pale. The whole breast itself was 
a milky white color, with a hint of a tan line from a two
piece swimming suit.

    I looked her over for a little bit, when I asked her if she
had ever looked at herself naked in the mirror. She nodded, and I
asked her if she liked what she had been seen in that mirror.
She nodded ever so slightly, but I saw it.

    "From a male perspective, you are extremely attractive." As
soon as I said this, she stopped shaking and visually loosened
up.

-----------------------------------------------------------------

    Did he really just call me attractive? Nobody has ever
called me that. I mean I knew that as girls go, I looked ok, but
attractive. I suddenly felt better about standing in front of
this man topless. Let him look if he likes what he sees. I am
proud of how I look.

    "You are very nice looking, step forward." he told me. I
wasn't sure if I should at first, but then figured, why not, he's
seen me anyway. 

    When I got up to him, he reached out. I knew then that he
was going to touch me. I tensed up, because I didn't want to be
touched. But I really didn't have a choice, so I stood there. At
first he touched my stomach with his finger tips, and it kind of
tickled, but I didn't laugh. He then started moving his hands up.
I closed my eyes, cause I knew he was going to touch my breasts,
and I didn't want to look.

    The first touch, was right on the end. Since my eyes were
closed, I wasn't expecting it, and jumped. He found this funny,
which made me mad, only babies get laughed at, and I'm not a
baby. 

    At first he moved just his fingertips around the tips, and
that made then feel all tingly. Then I noticed that the room must
be cold, cause as put both his hands over my breasts, the tingly
grew into a warm tingly, that spread from my chest to my stomach.
I kind of liked the way this felt. Is this what it's about? If it
is, I think I could really get to like this.

    He seemed to finish with me, cause he sat back. I was
almost sorry he stopped. You have nice breasts, he said. I didn't
know what to say, nobody ever said that to me before.

    "Now, take off your pants."

    Panic set in again, as my body started to shake. I was
hoping that he hadn't said it, but I knew from before that he
had. I mean topless is one thing, the girls at school do it
all the time with their boyfriends, but I wasn't about to take my
pants off, not even for a boyfriend. I sobbed "No, please, I'll
let you touch me all you want, but please don't make me take
anything else off." I was begging, and knew it.

    "Then you want to stop?" he asked. I nodded. "That's
too bad", he said as he reached for the phone. I knew what that
meant. This time, all I could think of was how much trouble I
would be in. If I don't do what he tells me, I will be punished.
I will probably get grounded AND spanked. I can't get grounded,
Jane is having her party Saturday. I really don't want to do it,
    but I don't see any other way. Maybe he only wants to look.
    
    He isn't even half way to the phone, when I
tell him to stop. He looks back at me, and I reach for the
button on the front of my jeans. I fumble with it a second,
before a really big tug got it undone. 

    Then I remembered that I had worn the panties with the
little red dots, and yellow ducks, this is going to be
embarrassing. I hope he doesn't laugh at me cause I'm wearing
a little girls panties......

-----------------------------------------------------------------

    She finally got the button on her pants undone. I thought
for sure she was going to call my bluff about the police. At this
point, I would be in more trouble than she could dream of. As the
button comes off, she stops for a second. "The zipper", I say, as
she slowly reaches for the little lever, and slowly undoes the
zipper. I can see the red lined top of her panties, and a design
that I can't quite make out.

    "Kick your shoes off",I tell her. This she does without
hesitation, compared to the rest of what I had her take off,
taking off the shoes is nothing. I tell her to take the pants
off now. She braced herself against the wall, and gets her
pants off. Then she turns around to face me without being told,
I can see the light shading on her panties from pubic hair. 

    I tell her to step forward, and she does. I touch her
breasts by cupping them both in my hand. I then run my hands down
her stomach, around her hips, then down her thighs. I marvel at
the muscle tone. I bring my hands back up to her hips, and hook
the two sides of her panties with my thumbs. she is clinching her
legs together so tightly, that as the panties get past her hips, I
have to ask her to open legs a little to let me get the panties
off. She does it, and I let the panties fall to the floor. 

    I now see the baby fine soft tuft of pubic hair. It is very
soft, as age hasn't had time to let it grow thick yet. I reached
out and ran my fingers through it. She didn't jump back as I had
expected her to. Maybe she's getting used to me touching her by
now. I kept thinking of how soft and fine this pubic hair was.

    I sit back in my chair, and admire her young budding body.
My mind kept keying on how she was just like one of the documents
I have to sign from time to time that just sit on my desk
silently waiting to be inspected until I can get to them. This
gives me an idea, I want to look at her sitting on my desk.

    "Sit up on the desk", I tell her. She moves around me, and
sits up on my desk. I tell her to lay down, and she lays back.
She is small enough that her whole body fits sideways on my
desk, with only her legs dangling over the side.

    I sit back and look at her laying before me. The crack of
her two legs pressed together make a runway pointing to her pubic
triangle. Beyond that is the flat plane of her flat stomach,
capped with a pair of rolling hills. Her face was slightly tilted
up peering between her breasts, to see what I was doing. I put
one hand on her knee, and parted it ever so slightly. she
resisted at first, but then let her legs be parted.

    That's when I stood up and started undoing my pants...

-----------------------------------------------------------------

    As soon as I saw that he was undoing himself, I sat right
up. I knew that no matter what else, this was wrong.
    
    "What are you doing?", I asked.
    
    "I have to let myself out. It is getting to the point where
    I am getting uncomfortable.", He said.
    
    I look at his waist, and see that his thingy has gotten
    big. He finishes undoing himself, and then pulls himself out. He
    starts rubbing it while he looks at me.
    
    "You look so good, I'll bet you are really tight.", he
    said. I didn't know what that meant, but I didn't like the way 
    it sounded.
    
    "There is only one way to find out, I'm going to pop your
    cherry."
    
    I knew from the classes we had in school what that meant,
He wanted to put his thingy inside me. I had decided long ago
that I would save myself for my husband, and even if I didn't, I
definitely wasn't ready for THAT yet. I told him "No, I only want
to do that with my husband, I'm saving myself for him."

    He placed his hand on my chest, to prevent me from getting
up all the way. "That's where you are wrong", he said, "You have
been saving yourself for me, only you didn't know it until now."

    I said "No' firmly this time, and he started reaching for
the phone book again. I didn't care how much trouble I got in, he
wasn't going to do that to me. Suddenly I heard Steve cough in
the other room. I had forgotten all about him. I remember the
time his dad beat him up so bad, that he was in bed for two
weeks. I still remember how he looked with his black puffy eyes,
and his split lip. He would get it even worse this time. I
couldn't stop it from happening before, but I could prevent it
from happening this time....

-----------------------------------------------------------------

    She was starting to cry now. Maybe I had pushed my luck too
far. She looked at me trough teared eyes, and sobbed. This made
her tiny breasts jiggle with each new sob.

    "Well, what's it to be?", I asked. "Do I call everybody in
now, or not?"

    She stopped sobbing, but the tears kept coming. Then, she
started to lay back down. "Are you sure now?", I asked, "You're
not going to change your mind again?". She shook her head in an
erratic jerking motion, but it was clear to see that this was the 
last interruption.

    I waited until she had laid all the way back down on the
desk before I set the phone book down. She was just laying there,
waiting for me to make the next move. I reached down and placed
my hand on the inside of her knee. It didn't move at first, but 
then I applied a little more force....

-----------------------------------------------------------------

    Oh god no, please, I don't want to do this, can't he see
that? Why, why is this happening to me? I feel his hand pulling
at my knee, maybe if I don't cooperate, he won't do it?!? No, he
is only pushing harder, I guess this is it. Please god do
something. If I'm lucky, maybe it will be done really quickly,
and I won't feel it....

    I close my eyes as tight as they will go. I may have to do
this, but I don't have to watch it. What is that? His hands are
at my hips, so what just touch my knee? Oh god, that was IT, his
thing. 

    Oh please I don't want to do this. I feel him pulling me by
the hips towards him. I start a slow slide towards him. The
closer I get, the farther apart my legs have to get. God no,
don't let this happen.

    I feel him outside my vagina, you know, the opening. That
must be his thing, because his hands are still pulling me. He
stops for a bit, and removes one of his hands. There it is, I can
feel it, he's using his hand to place his thing in the right
spot. Now the hands are back at my hips.

    This time, he's not pulling on me, so much as holding me.
Then I know why. Then he starts to push himself inside me. I
tighten every muscle in my body, to brace myself for what's 
about to happen. 

    "Just relax", he says, "It will be easier on you that way.
It will be over before you know it."

    I try to relax a little, but it isn't easy with that THING
there. I feel him start to move in and out, every so slightly, it
hurts a little, but not real bad. But then he starts getting a
little deeper. It starts to burn, and my whole body jumps back in
pain. "I told you to relax, and it will be easier" he says. So I
relax my whole body. He puts himself back inside me, but only as
far as he had been before. Then he starts to go deeper. It really
starts to hurt bad. I try to move back like I did before, but
he's holding me in place this time. "Keep it quiet, or I'll
consider it a 'No'". I bit my lip in pain. He wasn't moving
in little circles anymore, he was just pushing in slowly.
Oh god!!! the pain, I didn't know that anything could hurt
this bad!!!!! Will this ever end, he just keeps going in 
farther and farther.

    Finally, just when I don't think I can stand it any more,
he stops pushing. "Are you all right", he asked. I shake my head
no, as I cry so hard, that my whole body moves with each sob. 
    Maybe he feels bad and will stop now. I feel a tear rolling down
my cheek. It is hard to figure how it got past my eyes, they are
clinched so tight.
    
    "Well, maybe next time you won't be so inclined to
shoplift. No just shut up, and take your punishment."
    
    He just sits there for a minute, inside me, and the fire
between my legs starts to die away a bit....

-----------------------------------------------------------------

    I hold still, for awhile, letting her get used to the
feeling of having me inside her. I couldn't believe how tight
that was going in. Now, each sob she makes, is giving me such
pleasure. When she stops sobbing, I start moving again. Slowly at
first, then picking up speed, as the passion in me grows......

-----------------------------------------------------------------

    Oh god, he's moving again, I had hoped that was all there
was. How can this possibly get any worse. At least the fire is
gone now. Now It just feels like somebody is pushing out
against all directions inside me. It isn't as bad as it used to
be.

    Every so often, he hits this really nice spot. If he could
hit that spot a few more times, this wouldn't be so bad. Maybe
if I try to move myself so that he hits those spots more often...

-----------------------------------------------------------------

    I can't believe this!! She is actually trying to help me.
When she first started moving, I almost didn't notice it, but now,
there is no doubt about it. Even her face is more relaxed, and
her breathing is shallow!!! The little vixen is starting to enjoy
this.

    I decide that it is time to end this, and increase my speed.
She picks up her tempo, at the same time as I do mine. Finally, I
can feel it beginning to happen, I am about to cum, should I pull
out, or leave it in. What the hell, it's all the same to her,
I'll leave it in.

    I let loose a few really intense thrusts, and shoot my load
inside her. I stop moving, but she is still trying to wiggle. I
look at her and say "You can relax now, I'm done. Now Was that so
bad, that it was worth all that crying"....

-----------------------------------------------------------------

    I can't believe he caught me moving!!!! I am so
embarrassed. He wants to know if it was so bad. I shake my head
no, at the same time one of those waves starts running through my
stomach. I had felt them towards the end, at first I was scared of
them, but then started to really like them. I wish he hadn't
stopped..

    What am I saying, I didn't want to start, and now I don't
want to stop? He pulls himself out of me, and I feel kind of
sad. It felt so right when it was in.

    He got dressed, and so did I. When Steve came in, the guy
told us that he had decided to let us off with a warning for now,
but not to steal again. He winked at me, and I turned red and
blushed. I hope Steve didn't notice...

-----------------------------------------------------------------

    That was two weeks ago, but there hasn't been a day that
goes by, that I don't think of little Jill. 

    I was coming out from the back storeroom, when a familiar
face, and body caught my eye. It was Jill. She asked to speak to
me alone, in back. So I took her back to my office again. I was
worried. Why had she come back, Was I in trouble, was she
pregnant? Damn I knew I should have pulled out.

    We get to the office, and I close the door behind me. I go
sit at my desk, and she sits in the chair that's in front of it.

    "What can I do for you", I ask.

    "I've been thinking these past two weeks about what you and
I did. And I came to realize, that what you did to me was
illegal."

    Great, she was going to turn me in.

    "I came to the conclusion, that we could work out some kind
of deal. I don't call the police, and you do EXACTLY what I tell
you." With that, she dropped her coat to reveal the she wasn't
wearing any clothes underneath.

    "This time, we do it my way", she said.

    Where do kids learn these things?
--
