                               Critics!

Tim Holland and Sheila Graves checked into the Golden Swan Motel at
around 9:45 PM.  The motel was one of the many establishments
clustered around Disneyland. The rooms were pretty clean, and the
price ($30 for the night) was just right for the two high school
students who, after enjoying the thrills and joys of Walt Disney's
creation, were ready to take in the even greater sights and pleasures
of each other's bodies. A very horny Tim, with one arm around
Sheila's sexy waist, unlocked the door to the room, and they entered.
Then they immediately dove for the bed.

Tim and Sheila did not know that they were going to be making love on
live television that night.

"And now, stay tuned for 'In The Bedroom', NEXT ON FOX 11!"  I got up
from the couch and went to the kitchen to replenish my snack supply
as the commercials came on, and returned just as the show's opening
title screen and theme music came in on the tube.  According to A.C.
Nielsen, roughly forty million viewers would be tuning in to their
local Fox channels right about now.

"Hi, I'm Gene Siskel, of the Chicago Sun-Times!" Gene said with a big
smile. Then the face of his partner appeared.  "And I'm Roger Ebert,
of the Chicago Tribune!  Tonight we have placed our hidden
mini-camera inside a cheap motel room somewhere in Anaheim,
California.  We'll be reviewing the lovemaking of Tim Holland and
Sheila Graves as it happens LIVE."  Gene's face reappeared on the
screen.  "Tim and Sheila are your typical 1990's American high school
students.  For that reason alone, I am skeptical of these two turning
in a good performance.  Sex as enjoyed by today's teens tends toward
the rapid-fire -- BAM BAM BAM!" Gene punctuated his BAM's by rapidly
chopping the air with one hand. "There's no foreplay!  Nothing to set
the mood..."  The camera panned to Roger as he interjected, "Gene,
once again you are jumping to a conclusion before viewing the act!
Let's switch to the live scene from the motel room and see how our
two lovebirds are doing."  I had to agree with him.  Let's get on
with it!

The camera pulled back so that both reviewers were visible.  Above
them was a large grey screen.  It remained blank for a few seconds as
Roger and Gene turned toward it, then the transmission from the
hidden minicam appeared on it, bright and clear despite the dim light
in the motel room.  The young couple were lying on the bed, still
fully clothed, locked in a tight embrace and kissing with youthful
vigor.  I could see the swell of the girl's full breasts underneath
her sweater, and I began to get a hard-on.  Roger turned from the
screen to look at Gene and spoke first.  "See?  I think that your
'BAM BAM BAM' theory is probably already shot.  They are NOT racing
through this, they are NOT..." Roger leaned forward and waved his
hands in circles in accompaniment with each NOT.  "...rushing past
the foreplay, they are exhibiting an excellent and healthy attitude
toward sex."  Gene chuckled and shook his head.  "I think it is YOU
who are jumping to a quick conclusion here.  It is to early to deci--

See? Look!"  He indicated the screen, which showed Tim and Sheila
lustily and quickly removing each other's clothes.  Her sexy body and
yummy boobs appeared, and my cock stiffened about 600 percent.
Oooooh!  This was gonna be good, I thought, no matter what Siskel and
Ebert concluded!

The teens were now rolling about on the bed, Tim's face buried in
Sheila's chest and his hands feeling all over her body.  Gene had his
chin in his hands and a rather glum look on his face.  "This is
another thing I don't like.  This preoccupation with breasts!"  As if
on cue, the minicam zoomed in on those luscious globes, with Tim's
lips and tongue sliding all over them and feasting on them.  "This
shows a marked lack of maturity..." Roger's sharp laugh cut him off,
and he gesticulated wildly as he spoke. "I cannot believe your
negative attitude toward what we are seeing here! Tim's desire to
suck on and play with Sheila's breasts indicates a healthy sexual
desire and, in my opinion, reflects positively on his character and
personality."  Yay Roger!  My cock stood and saluted his brilliant
insight. Anybody pro- boob is an o.k. guy in my book!  On the screen,
Tim's hands slid up and down Sheila's sides, then slid up to her
breasts and piled them up into a hill of wonderful titflesh, pressing
the hard nipples together.  His mouth alighted on them and began to
suck and tickle.

Now Gene was covering one whole side of his face with his hand and
shaking it back and forth slowly.  Roger's gaze, on the other hand,
was locked on the screen, obviously enjoying the action.  The
minicam's microphone picked up and transmitted Sheila's moans and
aaaaahs as Tim continued to feast on her.  Then, keeping his hands on
her boobs, his tongue and lips began to slide down her belly.  The
tongue stopped at her naval and dipped inside to tickle it, then
continued its journey downward.  Gene looked up.  "Ah! Now we're
getting somewhere!"  It was Roger's turn to chuckle and shake his
head.

Tim's lips found their target, as Sheila's whole body shuddered with
the powerful new sensation.  Gene picked up on that.  "That was a
good, realistic, BELIEVABLE response to his actions.  Now this
performance is becoming interesting and worth the viewer's time!"
Gene, you're nuts!  I thought. It's been worth it all along!  Roger,
Gene, and I all stared at the screen as Tim's tongue teased and
tickled Sheila's pussy, dancing around it and across it. Gene raised
his hand and made the "o.k." sign, and said, "Now Tim is displaying
an exceptional oral performance.  Notice how he teases and feints
with his tongue, making her think he's about to plunge into her, then
he darts away and teases some more.  An exquisite display of
patience, and an acute awareness of his girlfriend's sexual needs and
desires!"  Roger raised his hands, palms up. "O.k., I agree with you
there.  It is a good performance.  I do think that he should not
delay the inevitable too much longer though."  Tim agreed.  His
tongue suddenly and swiftly dove into her hot vagina, and her body
gave an even greater shudder.  The minicam zoomed in on the action as
his lips continued to tease her pussy lips every time his tongue dove
deep.  His teeth got in on the action too, raking against the top of
her pussy.  The minicam pulled back to show the whole scene, with
Shiela moaning and licking her lips furiously and kneading her
breasts with her hands and rubbing and tweaking her nipples. Ooooh
was I getting horny!  The reviewers must have been pretty horny too,
but their professional demeanors hid that fact.  "Tim is showing
exceptional patience," Gene stated, "and an apparent willingness to
satisfy the Sheila's sexual desires before satisfying his own."  "I
wouldn't be so sure of that," countered Roger.  "A strong,
experienced tongue such as his is bringing him as much pleasure as
she is receiving!  It is clearly mutual and simultaneous satisfac-
tion.  Certainly a good performance."  I had concluded that long ago.

Tim withdrew his tongue from her channel, lay down beside her, and
whispered something in her ear.  She giggled and sat up as he lay
down on his back. She positioned her vagina above his big throbbing
cock, and slowly sat down on his crotch as she guided his love muscle
inside her.  Gene was nodding and smiling. "An excellent performance
there too.  Wish I could do as well!" Roger nodded his reluctant
agreement. "Yes, I'd put this as one of the best acts of lovemaking
we have seen in recent months.  The power and tension absolutely
ripples from this couple like heat off a desert pavement!"  Tim's
hands were clasped on Sheila's hips as he drove his cock in and out
of her. Her body was undulating and writhing, her breasts swaying
back and forth. I had to resist going to the TV set and put my hands
up on the screen where that luscious body and those beautiful
jiggling jugs were!  Tim's hands climbed up her body and fondled them
as his dick rammed into her.  Gene and Roger seemed to have been
rendered speechless as Tim's hips moved quicker and quicker, and
Sheila grabbed his hands and pressed them even harder into her boobs.
Then her body gave a mighty heave as Tim came inside her, sending her
to orgasm at the same time. Wow!!  They both panted and sighed for a
moment, then Sheila lay down on top of her boyfriend.  What a sight!

The two reviewers broke into applause.  "Bravo!"  shouted Gene.  "A
very good performance!  It started slow for me, but after the
too-quick session of foreplay, followed by a needlessly long display
of his affection for her tits, he showed an amazing ability to
satisfy her lusty desires and his too. I give it a thumbs up!"  Roger
seemed even more excited about what they had seen. "Well I liked it
even more than you!  I found the whole act from start to finish to be
full of incredible sexual tension and release.  A beautiful
performance by these two very talented young people, from whom I'd
expect great things in the future.  One thumb up for me!"  The camera
zoomed to Gene's face as he delivered the "halftime" wrapup before
the commercial. "So that's it for our first of the two sexual
performances to be shown to- night.  Two thumbs up for a fine,
exhilarating session of lovemaking. When we come back, we'll be
taking you next to a candid view inside the bedroom of Arnold
Schwarzenegger and Maria Shriver, and we'll try to answer the oft
asked question:  do successful bodybuilders really make better
lovers? Don't go away!"

But I had already gone away -- to my bedroom, with the image of Tim
and Sheila still fresh in my mind.  It was not going to slip away any
time soon.

In their room at the Golden Swan Motel, the young couple, unaware of
their newfound fame, lay in each other's arms, soaking up each
other's body heat and kissing the night away.

                               --- Robert E.Epps.

