Archive-name: 3plus/critics.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: What the Critics Reviewed!


      When FRAN, SYLVIA, JANEY, and I relaxed on the couch to watch the
second video, which SYLVIA had made of JANEY and me at the beginning of the
evening, I was amazed at the length of time I spent with my face in JANEY
muff. It's a wonder that I didn't suffocate, I had my tongue up her cunt so
long.  As I watched with the young nurses on the couch, I recalled what
delight I felt as I ate JANEY vagina and licked my way from her cunt to her
asshole.  I was giving her phenomenal pleasure, but I was getting just as
fantastic a joy for myself.  It was wonderful to eat her crotch like that. 
I would do it again right now for her, if she appeared.  She was beautiful,
clean, exciting, natural, and expressive so that I gained pleasure with
every movement of my tongue over her body and genitals.  We were in such
absolute harmony as we made love; and the camera, which  SYLVIA "womaned" so
deftly, caught it all...lovingly.  The more I watched, the less I perceived
this as pornography.  It was a romantic, love film; just far more graphic
than anything that Hollywood could have made in the '40s to the '90s...with
out an X rating and garnering the label "porn"!  As I watched, despite all
that my cock had done already that night, I grew erect again, my mouth
longed for JANEY's cunt and ass all over again.

     But SYLVIA's giant nipples were handier and closer, so I locked my lips
around those enormous, sexy, erect nipples...and sucked like a baby.  And
that's how the next round of activities began.  JANEY and FRAN immediately
slipped down toward my lap and began a contest to see who could get my
entire pecker into her mouth first and hold it there longer.  They ended up
taking WONDERFUL turns.  Each time one of them slipped her lips around my
dickhead and shaft and sucked my prick down into her throat I wanted to
cum.  Then when each of the women released me and my cock slid free of her
confining but electric mouth, I nearly "came" again.  And all the while I
was sucking SYLVIA's exciting big nipples, which responded as dramatically
to my sucking as my  dick did to JANEY and FRAN, who were at work sucking me
off.  

      And while FRAN had my penis in her mouth, JANEY was licking my balls
or my asshole.  When JANEY sucked me into her hot lips and throat, FRAN
tongued my tush and my testicles.  It was paradise...or better!  If I hadn't
shot my wad so many times earlier in the evening, I would have popped off a
jet of cum with each exchange of women's mouths.  Instead, I just climbed
higher and higher with exstacy.  

     Of course, SYLVIA wanted more satisfaction that my tit sucking would
provide and lay back on the couch, spreading her magnificent thighs,
revealing her slut's cunt and asshole for my view.  She was an amazon woman
with the sexuality of a porn star like SEKA.  I couldn't resisit diving
into her open pussy with fervor.  And JANEY and FRAN persisted in their
efforts on my rod...not missing a beat.  As I began eating SYLVIA she began
to hump my face, lifting her ass off the couch cushions to shove her wet,
dripping cunt up to my greedy tongue.  I poked my tongue into her open
cunthole like I would have shoved my dick into her if I were fucking her in
missionary position.  She responded as though I were fucking her cunt with
the biggest dick in town, growling, gurglilng in orgasmic pleasure; and
wreating on the couch violently.  I knew she was about to climax again; and
all I was doing was eating her pussy!  I felt my own ejaculaltion building
closer and closer too.  I did my best to time it so that I was inbetween
JANEY and FRAN's lips when I shot my jet of cum and at the same time as
SYLVIA reach her orgasm.  And I succeeded!  My jism caught FRAN's chin and
JANEY smack in the lips!  SYLVIA's flow gushed into my mouth and down my
throat as her powerful thighs closed on my face.  It was joyous exultation!
 And I collapsed again.  But FRAN and JANEY just went right on sucking and
licking up my meagre drops of cum from this last eruption from my nuts.  I
didn't think there was anything left at all.  But that's when the nurses
decided to show me what sexual activities drove them even wilder.  (Read
"FRAN takes SYLVIA even Higher".) 

--
