Archive-name: Family/crstna1.txt
Archive-author:
Archive-title: Little Christina


This is the story of my encounter with little Christina, told as it is taking
place.

The family get together has been planned for a long time. The relatives
are all gathered in the living room. We're all reminiscing about the last
time we saw one another. My cousin's daughter Christina is entering
the room. She looks around. I suppose for a place to sit.
Christina is beautiful. She is standing in front of me in her long dress.
She is dressed as an adult but her petite little  body is more enticing
than the body of any adult woman. As she stands before me I can see
down the front of her dress to her little titties. Her breasts are just
beginning to flower, pink mounds, only the nipples of her tits. There is no
swelling of the underlying tissue. Her beautiful little nipples stand out
proudly from her smooth white chest. The tips are just brushing the
fabric of her dress. My cock is twitching in my pants as I try to stay cool.
I try not to show any sign of my growing stimulation. She approaches
me. Saying "There are no more chairs, can I sit on your lap?"

Christina is sitting on my lap, her petite body reclining against my
shoulder. Her soft hair is brushing against my face. Her sweet scent is
drifting to my nostrils. Her little ass is resting on my cock It is really
tough to remain calm now. I'm sure she can feel my cock, as it hardens,
pressing against her lovely soft bottom. I keep looking elsewhere until,
Oh my God she is reaching under her  to find out what is pushing
against her little ass. Oh No! She has her hand on my cock! Oh shit She's
squeezing it! I'm going to come in my pants. Oh! Oh! Here it comes! I
can't stop it! I'm going to come. She is still holding my cock as it pulsates.
It's shooting come into my pants. Oh shit. It feels so good. Her tiny hand
is tightly clutching my throbbing cock while I shoot my wad into my
pants. The hardest part of all this is looking to all the world as if nothing
is going on. My cock is shooting its load and Christina's tiny hand is
holding on to it. I'm sure she must be able to feel it jumping but she is
cool and composed. I look around the room it doesn't look as if anyone
suspects anything. Christina is whispering in my ear, what is she
saying? I've got to calm down and pay attention. I can hear her now,
"Meet me in the bedroom after the party I'm not through with you yet."
Here I am sitting with my pants full of come, stunned by what just
happened and she jumps down from my lap and calmly walks away.

It's later. I have changed my underwear, and calmed down. I'm in the
bedroom looking for little Christina. No one is here. I'm beginning to
think I misunderstood. It would have been easy to do under the
circumstances. No, here she comes, still in that beautiful long dress. I
hear my voice saying, "You are breath taking Christina." She looks up at
me smiling, and says, "I told you I'm not through with you." She's leaning
over, letting the top of her dress fall open. Showing me her little titties
again. Watching my face as I admire the beauty of those swelling little
nipples, pink and supple, a round smooth pink area of skin with an erect
tiny nipple tip topping off each one, blending into her little girl chest of
soft white skin. She is saying "You are a Pedophile aren't you? You like
little girls.  You want to have sex with me. I like adult men, in exactly the
same way. I want to have sex with you." She turns around, and says
"undo my dress." My hands are trembling with excitement as I untie the
bow on the back of her dress and begin to unbutton it. As each button is
released, my excitement grows. My hands are shaking. I can see more
and more of her soft smooth back. All the buttons are now unfastened
and she is turning around, facing me.

"I want to give you a show now. Sit on the bed and watch". she said. I'm
sitting on the bed as beautiful Little Christina performs a strip show for
my entertainment. Telling me, as she slowly removes each article of
clothing, how she had singled me out. Deciding that I was a pedophile.
How she had tested her theory by sitting on my lap. When she felt my
cock against her little ass she was sure, but the final test was to
squeeze it, to see if that would make me come. When it did, instantly, she
was convinced. I was the one who would be her new lover. She told me
about the man who had introduced her to the pleasures a little girl and
older man could give each other. They had been caught together. Now
she has chosen me to take his place and to continue her education in
the world of sexual pleasure.

She is removing the dress now. It's slowly coming off her shoulders and
dropping to the floor. The sight of her body takes my breath away. She
is stunning, standing before my hungry eyes in only her little panties.
Christina has the body of a child goddess. Her little nipples are even
more proud looking than when they were inside her dress. Her skin is as
tender and smooth as that of a tiny baby. Her hair is long and hangs
down over her shoulders, just touching her little nipples. She is smiling.
She can see the look of delight in my face. I'm saying "Come over here
to me so I can take your panties off. I want to look at your little pussy."

She is standing in front of me, this child goddess, waiting for me to make
the next move. I'm gently grasping the elastic of her little cotton panties
and slowly, very slowly pulling her panties down, revealing first, her little
navel, then the soft creamy white skin of her lower abdomen. Finally the
apex of her lovely white hairless pussy is exposed to my adoring eyes.
I'm pulling her panties lower now, exposing the loveliness of her tender,
little vulva to my gaze. I'm staring at it. I'm taking in its delectable beauty.
I'm enjoying the sight of that magnificent morsel of genital flesh.
Delighting in the way it separates into two soft mounds between her
lovely slender little legs and blends into her lower abdomen. As I behold
the tiny opening between the mounds, containing the inlet to her little
vagina, the tip of my penis is tingling and quivering. The feeling that
comes only when my mind is envisioning a sexual experience beyond all
others. Like the vision my mind is seeing now, the paradise of fucking
delectable little Christina, of my large cock slowly disappearing into her
soft warm body. Passing leisurely between those tender little pussy lips.
Burying itself deeply in the warmth and closeness of her little vagina as
our bodies touch. As I hold her soft smooth skin against mine, delighting
in the ecstasy of her body surrounding my cock and her velvety skin
against mine.

I gently lift her little naked form, holding her in my arms like a baby. She
is so small and light her creamy white skin feels wonderfully soft and
smooth to my hands as I lay her on the bed. I will inspect her little body
in great detail. My hand is lying across her little ass. I'm fascinated by
the fact that her ass is so tiny that my hand practically covers it
completely. I'm closing my hand against her little sweet round ass.
Watching it yield under the gentle pressure of my fingers. As I continue
to fondle and caress that perfectly formed little bottom, I'm fascinated
by its wonderful roundness and the way it separates into two tiny round
cheeks. My fingers are softly touching each of those little cheeks in turn,
then tracing the outline of her tiny ass, then along the crack between
those sweet little cheeks. Christina is squealing with delight at the touch
of my gentle hands stimulating her tender little body. She is quivering
with excitement and anticipation of even more pleasure. She is saying
"Touch me all over, explore my body with your hands and with your
tongue. Make me as hot as you were when I sat on your lap holding your
pulsating cock. I felt it jumping and shooting come into your pants."

 Her slender body is flawless, from the tips of her toes to the top of her
head, Her slender arms and legs are so wonderfully childlike. I'm
exploring every inch of her body. Her tiny swollen nipples are perfect, in
fact exquisite. Her alabaster neck, her smooth soft chest, her flat little
tummy, her slender legs, the adorable little vulva between them, her
face, even her feet are all perfect and delightful to caress. My hands
begin to explore her virginal body, passing ever so slowly and gently
over her lovely little titties, caressing her beautiful face. Then, as she
watches, my finger is circling her little vulva, Christina's little pussy lips.
Feeling the softness of her tender pubic area. The soft skin yields to the
gentle pressure of my touch. My finger is moving now, into the crack
between those little pussy lips. It locates the opening to her little vagina.
She and I watch my finger disappear into the opening. My finger enters
her little vagina. I'm feeling the inside of this little girl's pussy. Another
dream has come true. It is much as I had fantasized, wet and soft to the
touch, with a softly yielding texture. Designed by nature to massage a
mans penis as it moves in and out of her body. She is watching,
fascinated by the sight and the feelings as my finger moves around and
in and out of her little body. I want to explore this baby with my tongue
too. I'm laying her back down and kissing her beautiful soft lips. Her
tongue moves into my mouth and I'm sucking on it, trying to pull it deeply
into my mouth, then pushing my tongue into her hungry little mouth. I
can feel the passion rising in her young tender body.

My tongue is fondling her little swollen nipples and she is  breathing
harder. She is saying "yes! Yes! that feels so good." My tongue is
moving now, across her soft white, newly developing little chest, licking
and sucking on each of her budding little titties in turn, tasting and
feeling with my tongue, the tender newness of her little breasts, then to
her flat smooth stomach, ever downward toward her pretty little
hairless vulva, across her little tummy, placing the tip of my tongue into
her navel, tasting the varied flavors of her body. Now my hungry tongue
moves to the crest of her pussy. The texture of her soft skin against my
tongue is heavenly. The clean baby like scent of her body wafts softly
into my nostrils. Adding even further to the immense pleasure I am
experiencing. She's spreading her legs wide apart, giving me room to
put my head between her legs and my mouth against her little twat, so
that my tongue can go into her pubic cavity and I can lick and suck on
her little pre-adolescent pussy. I'm placing my tongue between her little
pussy lips, moving it up and down the crevice between her  vulva.
Exploring the forbidden area of her body I have always yearned to
touch. My tongue can feel her little clitoris. It feels so heavenly, this soft
little organ of sexual pleasure. It's becoming erect, hardening under the
touch of my tongue. I'm moving my tongue around it, circling her little
clit. Fondling it with my mouth, my tongue can feel it growing in size. It's
becoming firmer and more erect under my tongue's gentle stroking. I
can taste the delicious flavor of Christina's virgin pussy as it releases its
heavenly juices and I take them into my mouth. I'm absorbing this
moment of bliss into my being. Combining the touch, scent and flavors
with the sight of her childlike body. With the additional euphoria added,
by the knowledge of how taboo what I am doing really is. The
combination is rapturous. My body and mind are totally engrossed in
this moment. Christina is now a part of me. I, m hungrily devouring the
juices her tiny body is exuding into my mouth. I'm sucking on her little
body, pulling her entire pubic area into my mouth. Her vulva, clitoris and
the opening of her little vagina are giving up all their secrets of texture,
flavor and scent to my hungry mouth. As it consumes all the sensations I
can pull from her little body. My tongue is traversing the entire length
and breadth of her little kunt. Now I'm pushing it into her vagina. I'm
fucking Christina's little pussy with my tongue! The flavors and
sensations my tongue is receiving are incredible. I can feel and taste the
little cherry, guarding the opening to her virginal vagina. My tongue is
going beyond it, to the inside of her little vagina. I can feel the folds and
textures of the inside of her vagina with my tongue as I consume all the
flavors of her body and its sexual secretions. As I fuck lovely little
Christina with my tongue, I'm watching her beautiful little girl body,
writhing with pleasure. With admiring eyes.

Christina is now panting and moaning "Yes! Yes! that feels so fucking
good. Oh! God I'm going to come." Her little pussy is twitching and
quivering in my mouth. Her whole body is jerking. Her little belly is
quivering as she reaches a glorious climax. I'm watching her delicate
little body and beautiful face as they show the deep emotions passing
through her body. Her beautiful face is contorted. Her body tenses and
relaxes again and again. Her breathing is fast and deep, as this beautiful
child reaches the height of passion. She is climaxing again and again in
my mouth. I continue to tongue fuck her little pussy. My tongue, buried
deeply in her body, is feeling her little vagina pulsating as it clamps
down and releases its grip in time with each climax. Again and again my
tongue is gripped and released by Christina's little vagina as wave after
wave of passion sweeps over her quivering little body. This is truly a
fantasy come true.

I'm watching her lovely body as she comes down from her high level of
passion and begins to again take on the innocent look of a baby. She is
curled up on the bed beside my now exceedingly horny body. I will,
however, be content with the wonderful experience I just had. It's far
beyond anything I ever expected to really happen, even though I always
loved to fantasize about even just letting my hand just graze a little girl's
titties or pussy. That would keep my fantasies going for months. Like the
twelve or so year old girl whose titties I "accidently" touched in the local
store with just my arm.

Christina's naked body moves over to me and she's beginning to
remove my clothes. "Christina what are you doing?" I ask. "I want to
give you as much pleasure as you gave me." "You did" I said. "Not yet
but I will, Just lay there and enjoy it." As turned on as I am I can't say no
to that. I'm watching her delicate naked form as she unbuttons my shirt
then my pants. She is taking all my clothes off. Examining each area of
my body as she uncovers it. Now she pulling my shorts down. My big
cock is fully erect and as she pulls my shorts past it, it bends downward
under the pressure of the elastic, then pops straight up waving back
and forth for a few seconds. Christina is squealing with delight at the
sight of my big hard cock waving in the air. She knows why it is so stiff
and hard, because of her. Her wonderful little tantalizing body and what
she is doing to me. She is exploring my body as I did hers. Looking
especially closely at my rigid cock as it sticks straight up. The sight of
her delicate hand fondling my hard cock is causing the tip of it to tingle
again and a wave of passion to pass over me. I feel like I might come any
second. "Your penis is beautiful, so big and hard, the tip of it
matches the color of my titties, don't you think?". She is saying as she
rubs the tip of my hard cock against her little pink nipples. "And the long
hard shaft is smoother and even nicer than my old lover's dick was. It's
even better than I thought it would be when I made you come by
squeezing it as I sat on your lap. You know I used to suck his dick,
because I love the flavor of come. I could drink come from the end of a
man's penis for hours. I never did let him put it in my pussy though, I was
afraid it might hurt." She is continuing to look at and admire my hard stiff
penis, rolling it around in her delicate little hand, looking at it from every
angle. Oh shit! She is going to put it in her mouth.

I'm watching her lovely little naked body, her small hand is holding my
cock and she is moving her beautiful little mouth down over my cock. It's
disappearing past her pretty little red lips into her open mouth. Now her
mouth is closing over it. About three inches of my cock is inside her
mouth. She is starting to suck on it. Oh god! This is heavenly. My dick
can feel her soft little lips holding onto it while her smooth wet tongue
moves up and down the shaft of my hot throbbing prick. Christina's little
tongue is curled around the shaft of my cock. Her lips are holding it in a
kiss. The end of my dick is pushing against her palate, trying to go down
her throat. It's all I can do to keep from grabbing her head and pushing
my prick into her little mouth to the hilt Forcing the end of it down her
throat. Her lips would be at the base of my big cock and the entire
length of it would be inside her mouth and throat. I'm watching this
naked child goddess with the perfect little titties. Beautiful round ass,
and the worlds most magnificent pussy in full view of my admiring eyes.
My cock is sticking into her tender little mouth. She's sucking on it for all
she's worth. The thoughts of forcing my cock down her throat are
fading in the excitement and the beauty of the moment. Her little lips and
tongue are fondling my cock in ways that are sending me into oblivion.
My hands are reaching out, touching her body, fondling her little nipples
and her pussy. My cock is feeling her little tongue moving all over it, as
she sucks and caresses it inside her mouth. The sights and feelings are
getting stronger and stronger. My cock is beginning to pulsate,
tightening in the final stage before a giant climax. Then, then, Oh shit!
Here it comes. I'm going to shoot my come into little Christina's mouth.
My hands are touching her little nipples and fondling her hairless pussy,
as the first stream of come shoots deeply into this little girl's mouth. My
cock is tightening again. I can feel the stream of come as it shoots from
my dick into her lovely little mouth. Again and again my big hard cock
tightens and shoots stream after stream of jizz into her sucking, fucking,
little mouth. The pleasure is beyond belief my cock feels every bit of her
little mouth and tongue, as she sucks the come from the end of my
pulsating cock, swallowing, sucking again, swallowing again, sucking
more come out of my wildly squirting cock, then swallowing it again.

She's smiling at me, obviously enjoying giving me pleasure as much as I
enjoyed giving her pleasure when I sucked her little pussy. I'm watching
her smile. She opens her mouth. I can see my creamy white come
stringing from the roof of her mouth to her tongue, across her lip and
down her chin. Her little tongue flicks out and laps the escaping
ejaculate back into her mouth. We're both  watching as my cock jumps
and pulsates shooting more creamy white juices into her tiny open
mouth. I'm watching her delectable little naked body. I'm in heaven.

I've stopped coming and I need to relax a few minutes before I get
dressed. Christina is playing with my, now soft, cock. The afterglow is
great. Now she's sucking on it again! It's starting to harden again!
Christina is saying, "I want to fuck. I've never fucked before. I'm going to
get you turned on again and fuck the hell out of your big cock. I want it
inside my pussy. Can't you just imagine how good your big cock will look
and feel sticking into my little naked pussy?". She really knows just the
right thing to say to turn a pedophile on. My cock is returning already, to
its former hardness and stimulation. My imagination is going wild as I
picture in my mind, the scene she is describing.

Christina is lying on the bed. Her legs spread wide. Her little pussy lips
are spread wide apart, revealing the opening to the site of incredible
pleasure. Her little girl vagina, the object of all my fantasies. The
opening into her petite little body, into which I've always wanted to put
my cock is now before me, inviting my cock into its pleasures. I'm moving
closer to this delectable little girl. My hand is touching her little vulva. My
finger is tracing the pussy lips as I watch the soft pussy skin yield under
my gentle touch. The exquisite beauty of her little creamy white pussy,
yielding under the touch of my exploring finger, is so exciting that my
cock is now as hard as ever. The tip of it is again tingling and twitching. I
know that I can no longer resist reaching the culmination of my greatest
fantasy. Christina's little pussy feels very wet and slippery under my
exploring fingers. If my cock will ever enter such a tiny vagina this will be
the time, and Christina's will be the baby pussy I will fuck.

I'm raising my body over her tiny frame. I've placed  my cock against her
little pussy. Christina is saying "fuck my little pussy, drive it into me. I
want your cock inside my body, make your big cock fuck me." I can't
stop now. With one giant thrust I watch my  hard cock penetrate deeply
into Christina. The sight is even more breathtaking than I could have
ever imagined. My cock is buried to the hilt in that wonderful little
hairless pussy. The pussy lips on each side look as if they are caressing
the sides of my big cock. Christina is smiling and saying "See I told you
that would be a beautiful sight." Just looking at my cock buried in
Christina's hairless little twat is about to make me come. I can feel the
tightly gripping walls of her vagina against my dick. The details of the
texture that my tongue and my finger felt earlier, are also obvious to the
sensitive skin of my hot cock. My cock begins to stir around inside her
tiny tight vagina. The folds of her little pussy are massaging it with a
degree of ecstasy the likes of which I've never felt. I'm raising up to see
my cock buried in the pussy of this little girl. I'm watching it slowly move
out of her twat. Her tiny pussy lips look so small next to the shaft of my
big cock as it moves between them. Now it is almost completely out. The
tip is just barely visible between those tiny pussy lips. Christina's little
vulva is about the same size as the end of my cock. It's a miracle that
her little body can accommodate the full length of my cock. I'm watching
my dick as it slips slowly back into her little kunt, disappearing leisurely
into her delicate body. The sight of my cock slowly penetrating
Christina's little pussy, adds to the fantastic sensations the undulations
of the inside of her vagina are producing in my cock. I have to get a
better look. I'm carrying her, with my cock deep inside her, over to the
mirror. I have to see this sight. Oh my God! Look at that. The mirror is
revealing an even more spectacular sight than I had imagined. There
was Christina's tiny body in my arms. Her slender arms and legs are
wrapped around me. Only the base of my cock is visible. The rest of it is
sticking between her pussy lips into her little pussy. Her body looks so
tiny and delicate next to mine, less than half my size. Her little round ass
is under my hand as I hold her tightly against my body. She is moving
around now making the inside of her pussy massage my cock. "Take me
back to bed and fuck my pussy now or I'll wiggle around on your cock till
you come right here in front of the mirror." That sounds good too, but
I'm taking her back to bed. Laying her down so that her pussy is at the
edge of the bed and I can stand at the edge with an unobstructed view
of her body and of my cock moving in and out of her little virgin pussy.
The view of her little prone form lying on the bed. Her pussy impaled on
my big cock. Her tiny swollen titties and tender white flesh. Is Exceeded
only by the wondrous feelings in my cock as I pump it in and out of that
tiny body. Watching it disappear into Christina's little body, then
reappear, wet and glistening with her pussy juices. Again and again as
my cock continues to fuck her magnificent little kunt, slithering in and
out of that baby pussy, building passions in me beyond all reason. I must
slow down, make it last a little longer. I'm lying on the bed on top of her
little body. I'm not moving my cock, just savoring the closeness of her
little vagina surrounding and holding my penis. Enjoying the touch of her
soft skin against mine, under my body.

My Penis is gently exploring the depths of Christina's vagina. Feeling
exquisite stimulation at every move, as it moves out and then deeply
back into Christina's delicate little twat. She is smiling at me as she
begins to move her body around and manipulate her pelvic muscles
against my cock. Christina is watching the passion on my face, and
manipulating her pelvic muscles to attain the highest level of stimulation
of my cock.  Oh shit! It's working. My cock is beginning to throb. And
now, Oh shit! Now it's tightening again. I'm going to come again, this
time into Christina's little virginal pussy. Oh shit! Here it comes! My cock
is tightening again, come is starting to surge into Christina's pussy,
here it comes again, My cock is tightening and the come is shooting
again into this little girl, and again, another stream is shooting into
Christina's little vagina. The rapture is beyond belief this feels so good.
Oh! Oh!  Here comes another stream of come squirting into your pussy
Christina. Oh! It's so good! I'm coming! I'm shooting stream after stream
of come into Christina's little baby pussy! Oh! Oh! Here comes another
stream into your little pussy, Christina. "Oh! Oh!" She's saying "your
cock is fucking the hell out of my little baby pussy. It's squirting your hot
come into my fucking little kunt. I can feel it hitting the inside of my twat.
This is the best feeling ever. Keep fucking me. Keep shooting come into
my hot little kunt. It's making me come again and again." Her saying that,
started another surge. Here it comes again. Another load of my come is
shooting out of my cock and into this child. Now another, and another.
Oh! Fucking Christina feels so good. I've never had anything feel this
good. Oh! Little Christina I love fucking your baby kunt. My hot cock is on
fire. Your little pussy is so good I want to fuck you again and again. My
cock is tightening again and another stream of come is shooting into the
little girl's body. It relaxes and again tightens as another stream of my
come fills the pussy of Christina. My body is moving as my pelvis moves
back and forth ramming my cock in and out of this little girl's wonderful
tight hairless pussy. Shoving it to the end and back out. Into her body
again and again, her soft supple pussy is massaging my cock as it slides
along the walls pumping at high speed pumping in and out of Christina's
body. I shoot a final stream into her body and collapse.

I can't  wait for our next encounter.

--
