                                The Cruise
                                    by
                                Hugh Jardon
 
         Kim had called Jennifer earlier in the week asking if she would
like to join us on a weekend cruise along the Barrier Islands on the Gulf
coast.  From Kim's reaction on the phone, I guessed that the answer was a
resounding "Yes!"
         On Friday afternoon we met Jennifer as planned at the yacht harbor
in Gulfport, Mississippi.  I had never met her before, but Kim assured me
that I'd like her.  Evidently, Kim and Jennifer had met at the University of
Texas several years ago and had hit it off immediately.  Little did I know
how WELL they'd gotten to know each other.
         My first glimpse of her was when Jennifer stepped from her taxi at
the dock.  Long.....and I mean LONG tanned legs seemed to drift out of the
door.  She wore a pair of khaki deckhand shorts topped off by a yellow wind-
breaker.  To say she was beautiful would be an understatement in any ones
book, but she was also strikingly "bright".  She LOOKED effervescent!  I had
to consciously close my mouth as I stared at her.  I glanced around and was
immediately aware that mine wasn't the only mouth agape.  Kim sprinted up
the pier and they hugged and jumped and talked excitedly as they walked to
the slip.
         "Hugh, this is Jennifer....Jen, Hugh."  Were the only introductions
necessary.
         "Welcome aboard the 'Espial', Jennifer" I said as I offered her my
hand as she stepped through the boarding hatch.  The touch of her hand was
warm and firm and sent a tingle into my groin.  Kim had only hinted that I
might be in for a "special" treat this cruise, but never elaborated.  My own
imagination was doing the rest right now as I became aware of the growing
bulge in my shorts.  As I took her weekend bag into the salon, Jennifer let
out a low whistle, turning as she looked over the interior of the 44 foot
DeFever trawler.  "Not too shabby for a single guy." she said to me with a
wink to Kim.  "I got a really good deal in a Coast Guard auction, and it's
a tax write-off as well as a helluva home-away-from-home on the gulf." I
retorted proudly.  I had gotten a VERY good deal in a (closed) auction, but
to say I "stole" this beautiful craft would be going just a bit too far.
Forty-four feet of diesel-powered mahogany, teak, oak and fiberglass that
would make any yachtsman proud, complete with two full queen-size staterooms
a main salon, two full heads (bathrooms) and a galley (kitchen) equipped for
entertaining, pilothouse and flybridge with full electro-nautronics....all
for the price of towing and seven months storage!
         "Hugh does some consulting for the government from time-to-time and
I guess this is one of the 'bennies'" Kim said proudly.  In the year she had
lived with me, Kim had come to appreciate some of the finer things in life.
A far cry from her strict upbringing in central Alabama where her mother was
oppressive if nothing else.  I met her in her last year of high school and
over the past five years, we've grown increasingly close.  After her last
boyfriend/fiance had dumped her for a "more exciting life", Kim and I had
become very close.  Our sexual habits, although sometimes a bit on the outer
edges, were open and warm, and I had no questions that this cruise may just
become a very nice one.
         "Let me take you on 'the grand tour'" Kim said as she motioned to
Jennifer to follow, walking through the galley towards the forward stateroom
I went about starting the engines and as they returned to the salon I was
descending the pilothouse steps.  I stopped midway down just as Jennifer was
walking past.  As she turned her head, I became aware that she was staring
directly at the front of my shorts.  I had watched as she walked below, and
was thinking about her tight ass as I fired up the boats diesels, and as it
turned out the engines were not the only things to get fired up.  My cock
was making a distinct bulge in my shorts, and now Jennifer's face was only
a foot away.
         "Nice equipment, Hugh" she purred as Kim ushered her down the gang-
way towards the aft stateroom.  I caught her glance again as I walked by,
and I swear she licked her lips, too!  That did it! I followed them below,
along the narrow passageway into the larger of the two staterooms.  Appoint-
ed in teak and brass, the queen-sized bed was astrew with pillows making it
look like a sultans playpen.  "You wanna feel something really awesome?" Kim
asked Jen plunking down on the bed.  I knew what she was up to as Kim and I
had "discovered" the marvel of a bed above the engine room on our first
cruise.  It seems that when the engines are running, the whole bed vibrates
at a frequency that makes hard things soft, and soft things hard.  Jennifer
got the sensations right off, and I watched as her nipples hardened under
her top.  Kim reached over and ran her index finger across Jen's right
nipple, and I heard a slight gasp. "Let's get this thing out into open water
so us girls can work on our tans" Kim suggested, and I headed topside to
comply.  After disconnecting the shore-power and water, and casting off the
lines, I maneuvered the sleek white craft towards the mouth of the harbor. As
we passed through the inlet, I became noticed that the girls were still not
on deck, and a sly smile crossed my lips as my mind danced through the cock-
hardening possibilities.  I headed out the channel towards the deeper open
water of the Gulf.
         Fifteen minutes later I heard someone coming up the ladder to the
flybridge, and glanced over my shoulder.  Jennifer was just stepping onto
the deck and I saw what had to be the smallest excuse for a bikini that has
to exist.  Two postage stamps, even the 29 cent brand, would have covered
more, but I wasn't going to complain.  Jennifers breasts were magnificent to
say the least, melon sized mounds of golden flesh crowned by a wisp of
orange cloth than didn't quite cover all of her aureoles.  She did a mock
pirouette and I watched her ass flash slowly by covered only by a string
that held the third postage stamp over her sleek pussy.  "In another fifteen
minutes or so, we'll be into open water and I can put this beast on auto-
pilot and we can all get some sun."  I said trying to keep my mind on the
thirty or more other boats in the channel, and off the very hard cock in my
shorts.  "Where's Kim?" I asked  "Oh, she's fixing us a drink.....seems she
worked up a thirst.....or something" Jennifer blushed crimson at the thought
of what must have just transpired.
         Just then a wave from the wake of another vessel jostled 'Espial'
a bit and Jen lost her balance.  I reached back to steady her, and she fell
across my lap, her left hand landing squarely on my cock.  "Very nice equip-
ment, indeed" she purred and brought her lips to mine for just an instant.
"I'm sure we can put that to good use in a little bit" Jen smiled giving my
shaft a squeeze as she got up and climbed down the ladder.  In a couple of
minutes, both Kim and Jen returned carrying refreshments.  Kim sat next to
me, leaning against her back against the control panel and ran her hand up
my leg to my lap.  "Jen told me that there was a mast up here that needed
some personal attention" Kim said as she rubbed my cock back to full hard-
ness.  Jen sat on my right and ran her fingers across my right nipple just
scraping it with her fingernail.  "If you can keep us from running into an-
other boat, we girls have some "work" to tend to." Jen purred huskily as her
other hand tugged at the button on my waistband.  Between the two of them,
they had my cock out in seconds.  Kim lowered her head and I felt her tongue
flick against the head of my cock.  Not to be outdone, Jennifer lowered her
face too, and the two of them took turns licking up and down the seven inch
length and around the crimson-purple head of my now straining manhood.  As
the motion of the boat semi-guided their actions, both of these lovely ladies
slathered my pole with their tongues. I must have looked a real sight to the
other boaters passing by.  The flybridge apron shielded the girls and their
actions from view, but with my head laid back against the pilot seat and my
mouth agape, I'm sure more than one fellow mariner could guess the sweet
torture is was "enduring".
         "You don't really need these" Jen said as she tugged my shorts from
my hips and down to my ankles.  This gave Kim unobstructed access to all of
my cock, and she took advantage of it by sliding her mouth slowly over the
head, and down the shaft.  In this position, she could get almost all of my
seven inches into her mouth and throat, and she did her little trick with
the back of her throat that drives me wild.  I felt Jen's lips as she gently
sucked my balls into her mouth from between my legs and she started humming
the Star Spangled Banner!
         Doing the best I could to prevent a collision-at-sea, I knew I was
not going to last very long with this kind of attention.  Sure enough, some-
where around "the rockets red glare" I let out a groan and it felt as if my
balls were shooting out the head of my dick.  I can't remember ever having
cum with such force and intensity.  As I started to settle down, Jen let go
of my now drained gonads and commenced a nose-fight with Kim saying huskily,
"Share some of it with me".  Kim's mouth slid to the very tip of my cock, and
she leaked some of my cum down the shaft as Jen's mouth nudged hers away.  I
got a second shock as Jen started sucking the end of my softening member
like some berserk Hoover.  What cum hadn't been forced out when my balls
exploded was surely being vacuumed out by Jen. The intensity was unbearable
and I had to stick my little finger in the corner of her mouth to break the
suction and raise her head.  Gasping for breath, pleaded with them to wait
until we got out of traffic, and then it would be my turn to "torture" them.
"That's just like a man.....Cum in your mouth and then shoo you away like an
old dog" Kim mocked as she and Jen scampered back down the ladder.  I was
left with a drink in one hand, the helm-wheel in the other, my shorts around
my ankles, and a huge grin on my face. "Now," I thought out loud "this is the
proper way to start a weekend cruise!"
         From Gulfport Southeast about 15 miles is an island known as Ship
Island.  It's a national park and except for a couple of park rangers is
uninhabited. During the summer, two ferries bring a couple of hundred people
a day to the island, but by night fall, only the rangers are left. I had
hopes of getting some solitude and privacy there, but a platoon or two of
airmen from the base in Biloxi had spread over the island like locusts, and
were partying hard.  I opted for one of the other "barrier islands" that
protect the gulf coast from New Orleans to Pensicola.  Cat Island had a
nasty sand-bar about half way around it that made getting close to shore a
real chore, and Petit Bois had a swamp that contained mosquitoes the size of
hummingbirds (not to mention the snakes and an alligator or three), Dauphin
Island now had a town on it, so that left Horn Island.  About six miles long
and a couple of hundred yards wide, Horn had a semi-natural harbor on the
inland side.  Each hurricane season the location of the harbor changed, but
it was usually about in the center.  From Ship Island to Horn would take
about three hours at a gentle cruise, and we were really not in any hurry.
I set a course that would keep us a good mile off the Gulf sides of the
barriers, and set in the auto-pilot.  Checking to make sure the radar was
set to warn me if anything larger than a dolphin came within a half mile, I
descended the ladder to check on the girls.
         As I entered the salon, I saw why the girls had left so quickly.
There on the carpet were the two most beautiful women I'd ever seen.  Kim on
her back with Jennifer's head between her widely spread thighs laying in the
traditional "69" position.  Both were hungrily lapping the others pussy and
it appeared that I got there just in time for the finale.  Breathing had
become gasps and the pace was steadily increasing.  I could see Jen's hands
were busy as three fingers plunged into Kim's tight cunt.  As my shadow cast
across Kim's face she motioned me over to them and tugged at my shorts as I
came into reach.  It didn't take a genius to understand what she had in mind
and I readily obliged by dropping my shorts to the floor.  My cock was
hardening as I shed those shorts for the second time in twenty minutes, and
as I knelt across Kim's face, behind Jen's beautiful upraised ass, Kim's
fingers brought me to full-staff. She pulled gently aiming the head of my
cock at Jen's sopping hole, and without even so much as a caress on those
tight buns I slid the full length of my shaft into her hot, wet hole in one
stroke.  Kim's tongue had had Jen on the brink of cumming, and as I slid my
cock deep into her, her head shot up, and she screamed as a gut-wrenching
orgasm swept over her. I could feel the walls of her cunt spasm and clutch
at the unexpected intruder, and she bucked back hard against me.
         "Oh MY GOD!" she screamed "Fuck ME!"
         I did the best I could to accommodate her request, as I grasped her
hips and pistoned my hard cock into her over and over.  Kim's mouth had
never left Jen's clit and I could feel her hot breath on my balls as she
flicked her tongue repeatedly across Jen's sensitive button.
         "Oh Yes, Oh Yes, Oh Yes, moremoremore" Jen chanted as yet another
spasm shook her body.
         I decided that deep within this lady was a vacuum pump that was
switched on almost all the time. The pressure I was feeling from the muscles
inside her pussy could only be called a suctioning squeeze.  Kim's tongue was
now running the length from Jen's clit along my shaft and back to my balls,
and back again.  On one trip, she lifted herself up a bit and as I sank my
cock into Jen's hole, I felt Kim's tongue snake to my asshole.  She knew I
was particularly SENSITIVE there, and she knew what she would cause.  True
to past effects, I drilled more deeply into Jen, pulling back hard on her
hips and spewed my hot cum into the depths of her cunt.  The force of my
action pushed Jen forward, and she sprawled onto her belly on Kim's legs
with me securely fastened inside her.  Gasping for breath, we all sort of
untangled as we could.
         "I've cum twice in thirty minutes, Jen's had a couple of good ones"
         "At least three!" Jen gasped happily
         "Poor Kimberly hasn't gotten any yet" I teased.
         "What do you think started all of this?" Kim said proudly. "I got
to cum three times before you ever got here.  We've been playing ever since
we left you topside!"
         I knew right then that this was going to be weekend I'd not soon
forget, much less recover from!


