CRUISING IN THE NAVY 

After ten years in the Navy I'd learned a few things about
cruising-or not cruising-on base, and how to figure out who was
'safe' to hit on. I'd seen enough guys get burned by the system
and tossed out on their ass for being gay, that it sort of came
as second nature, what I thought I could do and what was too hot
to go near (or maybe just too fuckin' uptight...). Pissed me off,
too, 'cause a lot of the guys I'd seen get thrown out of the
service were pretty damn good sailors and Marines. Just 'cause
the fucking government didn't like who we were sleeping with, or
how we did it.

I was on medical hold at Nimitz Hall in Norfolk because of a
problem I had with my ears. Used to be in the engine room on a
submarine, and the Bureau of Medicine, in their great wisdom,
wanted to take me out of the relatively quiet environment of a
sub engine room and put me into the noisy-as-hell engineering
spaces on a "skimmer." Fuck that, I thought, subs or nothing; so
I fought the whole deal because subs were the best duty goin',
too. Gotta admit, its weird volunteering to serve on a ship
designed to sink, but then every ship in the Navy can sink - only
a hundred or so can come back up.

Nimitz Hall was a real mind game. Four wings, three decks on each
wing, all divided up according to the kinds of guys stuck there,
why they were there. The biggest part of the barracks was given
over to guys in some kind of deep shit - the disciplinary stuff,
guys awaiting courts martial, getting tossed on their butts when
Uncle Smart ass decided they were substandard. The rest of us
were jammed into two decks in the small wing - guys awaiting a
flight to a ship overseas, or on some kind of hold status like
medical.

Every day we had to be standing by to get our orders, since
nobody in the fucking personnel office seemed to know in advance
when we were supposed to ship out where. Meant that nobody could
settle in, make any kind of plans or even split for a weekend at
VA Beach without kissin' up to the paperpushers for the latest
word on our status. There was one fat slob - don't know why they
let him stay in uniform, since he barely fit into it - who
wouldn't give ya any info at all unless you let him give ya a
quick nobber in the gear locker. There was another personnelman
named Kyle, though, big, blond hunky guy I would have sucked off
in a minute if he'd even give me the time of day. No action
there, though - he was engaged and took it seriously although I
could tell he knew there was some action goin' on around the
building. Just a little bit too interested and watchful, y'know?

So anyway, here I was, stuck in this goddamn dump. The last time
they painted the place was probably when Nimitz himself was a
seaman. But it wasn't all that bad, 'cause the instincts I'd
developed out of fear of being pinched by the Shore Patrol over
the years, kept me up to speed. Puttin' it bluntly, I knew I was
stuck in this hole with about four hundred other guys, nobody
knew if they were comin' or goin', and everyone was as horny as
legend says sailors are if they're awake. There had to be
something goin' on. I just had to find it...or make it.

It was summer, too, and since most of the guys were in transit
from one station to another nobody gave a fuck what they thought
of us there at Nimitz. Most of the staff were assholes anyway and
treated everyone like we were no-loads and the scum of the Fleet.
Since a shitty attitude seemed to be the order of the day,
everyone wore their uniforms like they were headed to the beach -
lots of open shirts, no t-shirts, stuff like that. Sometimes raw,
hard blunt dirty sex is great, but sometimes it can up the
adrenalin just gettin' a regular look at some hard pecs and
washboard abs. And it always seemed like the bad guys in the
disciplinary wings spent all their spare time at the gym, so
there was always some hot tit to check out.

There was this one dude who was awaiting a court martial on drug
charges who was definitely the king of the hunks. Had a chest
that makes Stryker look like an anorexic Sal Mineo, and an ass
that he stole from Tom of Finland on a good day. Short, blond
hair and a big, square face with the look of apple pie, mom and
America all over it. I never thought there'd be any way to see
the full show, though, so I contented myself with tellin' him it
was okay to strip off his shirt and t-shirt when I was on watch
as duty chief (I outranked the hell outa him, but there wasn't
much advantage to that in terms of layin' him.)

I knew there was really a God the day the plumbing blew in our
wing and the barracks staff told us to use the heads in the wing
he was in. First thing I did was to find out what his daily
routine was - just some discreet watching -and it turned out that
he always ended up showering by himself in the mid-evening, when
he finished up at the gym. I guess summer suddenly got a lot more
hot, 'cause it always seemed like I needed a second shower in the
evening, to get rid of the day's sweat.

It was wild, checkin' him out in the shower. He was the closest
thing I'd ever seen to perfection. Big all over. Big chest, big
arms, big legs, big balls and a great cock, bigger soft than mine
is hard, and that's not small! Big nipples, too, the kind that
looked real big but y'think would get real small and hard, and
stick out some when he was rarin' to go. His chest was real broad
and deep and the whole trunk had that hunky kind of definition
that comes from really using your bod, not just preening it at a
gym. And tan. It wasn't a Hollywood tan, either, just a real
golden tan from the waist up from workin' outside on a lawn crew,
with his shirt stripped off. Not as much tan on the legs, but
enough to look great, from some kinda cut-off length shorts. And
blond hair, thick on the legs, all the way up to a tight pad of
blond curls over his hanging dick. Not so much hair, though, to
hide the muscles and the definition. His legs were gigantic - not
body-builder kinda big, more like country-boy hockey player big
with thighs like tree trunks. God, did I want to get trapped
between 'em! His ass...I don't even know how to describe it. Big,
hunky kind of big like the rest of him, but bubble-round, tight
and creamy smooth.

He knew I was checkin' him out, too, but he didn't know what to
do about it. Seemed like a kind of quiet guy, maybe who got
himself into some trouble 'cause he just didn't think about it,
and knew he needed to lay low and stay out of any more trouble to
get through his court martial. And I wasn't bein' too gross or
obvious either, but he knew I was lookin', and I knew he knew.
Sort of a draw.

After a first couple days' worth of "hiya, how are ya?" kind of
stuff, we started to talk some while we were in the shower. He
told me his name - Mark - and we swapped our sad tales of woe. He
knew they had me workin' in the work detail assignment office,
where everyone in the barracks drew their daily work assignments
if they weren't gettin' shipped out that day. I started holdin'
some of the good details for him, tellin' myself it was 'cause he
seemed like a decent enough guy, and not because I wanted him to
be grateful or anything. It just kinda went on like that for a
couple of weeks, me watchin' him, him watchin' me watchin' him,
and fuckin' nothin' happening!

He was restricted to just a few places on base because he was on
disciplinary hold, but I could go where I wanted, including to
the Enlisted Club. I'd go over now and again to have a few, check
out the guys (since there were hardly any women they all hung out
there and got drunk) and waste time. I hit the club one evening
and was in a real shitty mood, so I got good and plastered with
some other mechanics I knew, before I headed back to Nimitz. I
could walk okay and all, but I was in a real "I don't give a damn
what you think" mood when I got there.

I had a key to the office and went in to get a soda from the
fridge before I racked out for the night, figurin' there wasn't
anything else worth doin'. On my way out, who comes sauntering
down the hall in gymshorts, barefoot, and with his shirt over his
shoulder but my jerkin'-off fantasy-man-of-the-month, Mark. We
didn't talk much, but he KNEW my eyes were all over him! Shit,
though, enough was enough and I was gettin' damn tired of lookin'
at the candy store and not gettin' any sweets. So we split off,
him sayin' he was going to head for his rack and me, to mine.

Y'ever have one of those moments when you decide its time to fuck
caution and good common sense and do what you want to do? That
night it was my turn. I was back at my rack, changed into my gym
shorts and still pretty plastered when I decided to go back to
the office and throw my career out the window with a phone call.
Once in the office I dialed the extension for Mark's wing and got
the seaman on watch there, askin' him to get Mark so-and-so to
the phone. After a minute, he came on and I didn't tell him who I
was. Y'could tell he couldn't figure it out, when I was just
talkin' about sailor stuff and he kept talkin' back, wondering
who the fuck I was and why I was callin'. I told him I thought he
was really a good guy, and that I hoped he beat the rap, and then
I figured, since he didn't seem to figure out who I was, what the
hell, may as well say what was on my mind. I don't know who was
more surprised, him or me, when I said how hot he was, and that
his great bod kept my cock hard all night. Really weird, he had
no idea what to do, but he didn't tell me to blow off or hang up.
So I kept talkin' trash to him.

"It makes me crazy horny when you walk around with your shirt
off. Don't get pissed, but I wanna give you a blow job. Y'want
it? I know someplace we can go..."

"I don't know. I guess I could get in a lot of trouble. I'm not
mad, but I still don't know who you are and I don't think I
oughta. I don't want no more trouble..."

"Hey, if you want to check me out, we can meet someplace, right
now if you want, and if you don't like the scene you can walk. I
really wanna suck you off, man."

He started to say some more stuff about bein' uptight about
gettin' into more trouble - must have thought it was some kind of
set-up or something. But he didn't sound pissed, and he didn't
hang up on me. So I kept at him.

"Hey, I'm not gonna tell you who I am, but we know each other,
man. If you really want to find out who this is, ya gotta meet me
somewhere. An' if you don't like it, just say so and we'll call
it off. But I really want to blow you."

I knew I had him thinkin' about it now. I could just see his cock
comin' to life, and startin' to do his thinkin' for him. It was
gettin' so crazy I was startin' to think it might even work!

He didn't say anything for a minute, and I didn't either. I
finally said, "Just meet me, guy, and we'll talk it out, okay?
I'm gonna be by the back bay at the mess hall in fifteen minutes,
and if you want to know who I am ya just have to come over and
see."

He didn't say anything for a second. So I said, "Okay?"

"Okay."

Shit! Here was this guy ten times bigger'n anyone, on his way to
a bad conduct discharge, and I just asked him to meet me so I
could suck his dick!! When I hung up I thought for a minute how
fuckin' stupid I was to put my whole Navy career on the line for
a suck job. Then I did something even more dumb. I locked the
office and headed for the back of the mess hall down the street.

I don't know if it was adrenalin, raging hormones, or just the
excitement from thumbing my nose at the rules so much, but when I
got there I was ready for action. I stayed off to the side, in
the dark a bit, waitin' to see if he'd really show. Couple of
minutes later, I hear someone coming, and wasn't sure whether I
should stay, run, or just shit in my pants right there. It was
late, so no one would have been around if they weren't there on
purpose, but that might include the Shore Patrol on a tip about a
queer makin' weird phone calls.

Then he walked up and sat on the loading dock, wearin' his
dungarees and no shirt. He was smokin', and I never saw him do
that before. Now or never, do or die, you may fire when ready,
Gridley and God helps them what helps themselves, so I started
walkin' towards him. Fuckin-A!! He was that hot - I'd swap my
uniform for even a small piece of him.

"Hiya, Mark." He was visibly surprised.

"I never did this before."

"I have. Y'aren't pissed, are ya?"

"No."

Silence, for a minute, while we both figured out whether this was
for real. And, if it was, what the hell to do next.

"You wanna talk about it, first?"

"I don't know. What? Gettin blown?"

"Yeah, if you want. I feel kinda weird, doin' it like this, but I
really wanna suck your cock."

"Okay."

Just like that...

We walked around for a minute, and I suggested we head for the
golf course over by the admiral's quarters, since there were some
groves over there. Truth is, I didn't know what the fuck to do,
and couldn't believe he was really gonna let me blow him - just
like that. We didn't talk much or anything, other than me sayin'
"Lets head over this way."

By now, whether I got into his meat locker or not, I was going
nuts just walkin' around with this tanned god, shirt off and pecs
all over the fuckin' place. Even though he was as nervous as I
was, I guess, he had this easy kind of walk, sort of sauntering
along, and I guessed he figured whatever happened, he could take
care of himself.

When we got into some trees, I stopped and turned toward him and
started playing with his chest. He was still pretty nervous.
Nobody said anything. Then I started rubbin' his crotch with one
hand, while my other hand kept goin' from tit to tit, playing
with his nipples. His cock started out soft, but it was still a
good handful, nestled in with a big set of balls I wanted to
empty out bad. But he didn't flinch, and he didn't look away. We
just looked at each other, him standing there and me gettin' hard
gettin' him hard. It was working. The nipples started gettin'
tighter.

I knelt down by his crotch and started rubbin' my face into it,
and I knew it was goin' okay because he started to bulge. I knew
his meat was big from seein' it in the shower, but this was
gettin' better than I expected. His waking dick was still tucked
into his jockeys kinda bunched up, so when it started to get hard
it was all lumped in there, and didn't stretch out down his leg
or up along the zipper like a guy who goes around plannin' on
gettin his nut that day. And when it started bulging bigger and
bigger, it got to the point where it was pullin' the waist of his
dungarees away from his stomach. That was making me crazier. His
pecs were big, round and his nipples were gettin' smaller and
startin' to poke out some.

But his dick bulge was gettin' so bad it musta started to hurt.
The waist on his dungarees was about a half inch out from his
belly, and his stomach was startin' to work, the great abs
heaving a little as he started to get into it. I never saw a
better lookin' body, and his skin was pulled tight over the best
washboard I could imagine, except where it curled into his navel
- and I started tonguing it while I played with his tits and
crotch.

Couldn't wait much longer for Old Glory to rise in the breeze, so
I started for his pants button and fly - and I must've been
nervous as hell, cause he ended up having to do it for me. But I
got his pants down to his knees and started lickin' up and down
inside his thighs, smelling his maleness and the musky scent of
hot crotch. I was right about his cock in all respects - bigger'n
hell and pretty badly confined until I pulled out the front of
his jockeys to let it pop up free. I don't carry no ruler, but it
was ten or more if it was an inch, and big around as my fist.
None of that swollen, purple cockhead stuff, just a big, creamy,
smooth, anxious mandick bouncin' around some, now that I pulled
his shorts away from it.

I didn't even get his shorts down before I went down on his rod
as deep as I could. Couldn't wait, and it don't get any better
than this, so I held his balls cupped in my hands - and it took
both hands, and sucked and sucked like it was the last cock I'd
ever see, deep, hard, long suckstrokes up and down. He was
gettin' crazy into it, too, 'cause every now and then a tremor
would go through his legs like he was havin' a hard time
controlling himself. I kept one hand on his balls, kneading and
kneading 'em as I forced my other hand through, under his crotch.
His legs were locked tight, so I stopped suckin' for a minute,
and stood up again, holdin' his dick in both hands.

"This okay for you?"

"Yeah. Good."

"Why don't you relax some, then. I'm doin' all the work. Hey, why
don't you get your pants off and lay down on the grass?"

He pulled his pants and shorts off, fumbling with them, and I
stood there watching as this giant god bent over to undress
himself for me. Then he kicked off his shoes and tugged off his
socks - shit, even his goddamn feet were sexy! Everything!
Everyfuckingthing like it was sculpted by a master - a horny gay
master!

Then he stood up, and the effect blew me away. Here in the
moonlight, with just enough of a fog comin' in to make it
mystical, with this piece of perfect man naked in front of me
with his cock standin' straight up against his stomach, waiting
for me to tell him what to do.

"Relax. Lay down." I don't know if I said it or just thought it,
but he reached down and bunched up his dungarees, and laid down
with his head on 'em. Then he sort of spread his legs, looked up
at me and put his hands behind his head. "Okay. Why don't you get
your stuff off too." !!!

Later, I couldn't even find one of my shoes, I guess I tossed
them so quick. I got stripped down and laid down between his
legs, on the damp grass. His cock was waitin' for me, and I
started up and down on it with my hands as I looked up and over
it, up to his abs and his chest, up to his face and saw him
lookin' back at me intently.

"You like that, huh? You like suckin' my cock?"

"Goddamn I like it. Any time you want, I like it..." No more
talk. I started nuzzling his big balls, Lickin' and smellin' and
playing with them, with my mouth. His abs started workin' again,
and his dick was jerking around asking for help. So I started
lickin' his rod, up and down and nibbling on his dickhead, just
enough to let him know I was back at work on it. He lifted his
butt off the ground, trying to shove his meat deeper into my
mouth, and I slid one of my hands under his ass, to start workin'
over his hard buttcheeks. Rubbing them hard, back and forth,
every now and then sliding my thumb into and up and down his
crack to tease his asshole.

I didn't think I could get all the way down on his dick, it was
so big, but my gag reflex must've gone the way of my sense of
caution, `cause it just happened fine. It was so good, so musky
to smell his crotch hair right under my nose with that gigantic
cock stuck in my face.

I probably wasn't too wild on technique that night, because it
was all such a fantasy I wasn't doin' any thinking - just
sucking, sucking as long and deep as I could. The grass under me
got warm and my own cock was grinding into it with its own sense
of rhythm, as I kept working his mainmast. Then I wrapped one
hand around it while I sucked it, workin' his dick skin along it
as I sucked. Pulling it up hard when my mouth rose up to his
dickhead, and then down again tight as I sucked back onto it.

With my other hand I started workin' as slowly as I could toward
his asscrack, wantin' to finger his butthole while I sucked.
Straight guys don't get any more uptight than they do when you
threaten their precious little fuckhole, so I had to force myself
to go easy as I headed towards it - I didn't want him pushin' my
hand away before I showed him the real reason God put puckerholes
on guys.

Up until then he was laying there, kinda quiet and pretty still
while I worked his cock over good. When I started slidin' my hand
sideways, up and down his ass crack, he started movin' his butt a
little, but I don't think he was really thinkin' about it. I
started centering my hand-sliding more and more over his hole,
and he wasn't noticing in any bad way, because his dick was
startin' to get bigger (MORE?), y'know, not throbbing but kinda
that bulging out now and then while that feeling starts to grow
in your groin? While he was good and goin', I began playing with
his fuckhole with my finger, rubbin' back and forth over it and
around it, stickin' my fingertip into it just a bit to get him
used to it. That was when he started makin' noise, half moaning,
half real heavy breathing, so I knew he was enjoying it.

With my one hand working hard on his cock, pulling the skin
tightly up and down following my mouth on it, I started stickin'
my finger up his asshole. He lifted his ass again, and I thought
he wanted off my finger, but instead he relaxed and I stuck him
all the way with it, gently massaging as I went in. Whoever
invented prostates oughta get a trophy or somethin', 'cause when
I found his he started bucking, stickin' his cock hard down my
throat, and flexing his ass muscles around my finger in his ass.

His dick swelled up real fast, and I almost gagged on it, while
he kept buckin' around in the moonlight, before he shot his load.
Just when he started to blow his wad I thought his asshole was
gonna cut my finger off, it tightened around it so hard. Then his
nuts tightened up into his groin and he shuddered as he blew off
shot after shot after shot into my mouth. I tried to save it all,
so I could taste it and roll it around in my mouth before I drank
it, but he shot so much cum that it dribbled out the sides of my
mouth, and down his cockshaft, into his curly blond pube pad. I
kept goin', suckin', suckin' as much as I could, squeezing his
cockshaft hard to keep it going as long as possible, before I
finally stopped moving, my mouth still on his hard rod.

I came up off it slowly, pullin' my finger out of his ass and
moving both hands to his thighs and balls, rubbing them hard
while he got over his eruption. Then I worked my hands up his
stomach, over and around it and onto his big tits, twirling his
hard nips between my fingers as he caught his breath.

"I'm not gonna blow ya, but its okay if you want to jerk off."

I was hoping to get off that way, so I didn't let myself shoot
into the grass while I was suckin' him.

"You mind if I sit on you while I do it?"

"No. Go ahead."

Before I got up I licked all the dribbled cum from his cockhead,
and down his shaft, and then I buried my face in his crotch to
lick up the rest and smell his hot, spent balls. Then I stood up.
Even if I'd been a eunuch, had no sex feelings at all he still
would've looked like a spent god, lying there looking up at me.
But I do have a dick, and it was wavin' around as I stood, ready
for its own good times.

I squatted down over him and sat down with my asscrack right on
his still-hard cock, rubbing my butt into it as I looked him
over. Both my hands were already working my dick and balls as I
ground my ass into his dick. Then I started playing with one of
his tits while I jacked my cock slow and tight. It didn't take
but a minute or so before my own balls boiled over and I shot
ropes of cum all over him, hittin' him in the face with it as I
blew up. After I got my breath I laid down on him and started
licking my way up his chest, cleaning up my own jizz as I went. I
started licking up his chin and he didn't pull his face away, so
I licked all the way up to it, tonguing his closed lips. My hands
were rubbing up and down his chest and sides, and our cocks were
grinding together, and he opened his lips enough for me to sink
down onto them for one long, deep kiss before he turned his head
slightly. We laid there for a few more moments, before he turned
back to me.

"You liked doin' that, huh?"

"Yeah. Can't you tell. I just shot the proof all over ya. D'you
enjoy it?"

"Yeah."

"Any time..."
