                 Exit Pam, Enter... Beth???

   My doorbell rang.  "Who is it?" I asked the intercom.

   "It's Beth.  Remember me?  Crystal's roommate?  I need to talk to
you," came the electronically distorted voice.  I let her in, wondering
what was wrong.  She looked around the foyer nervously.  "I umm..." Beth
began, then hesitated, leaving me cynically wondering if this was a
generic county girl trait.  "Is Crys here?  I haven't seen her in a
couple of days, not even at work," Beth asked.  I said no, that I hadn't
seen her since we'd broken up.  I thought it odd that Beth would come
over and ask me about her roommate; but maybe she no longer had my phone
number.  "Oh," Beth replied, sounding disappointed.  She backed up a
little, and stood in the doorway, as if she were afraid to come in.  "I
was -- in the neighborhood -- and just thought I'd ask."

   Now that was strange.  It's true that there's a lot to do in my
neighborhood, but even my friends don't just drop in if they're doing
something in the neighborhood.  Usually because they know if they're
around long enough, they'll probably see me anyway.  I looked at Beth,
whose eyes are sparkling blue, bluer than Pam's.  She was much more buxom
and round than Pam, more zaftig than overweight.  Her facial features
were fairly sharp, distinctive in an attractive way.  A forgotten feeling
flashed through me.  She fidgeted, still in the doorway.  "So -- ummm...
how are you doing?"  Quickly blushing, she started to add, "I mean --"

   "I know what you mean.  I'm doing -- OK.  The band is fine, and it's
been a long time since we've seen your face in the place," I kidded.
"How's Cryssie?"  The words escaped before I realized it.

   The question seemed to catch Beth off-guard, badly.  She looked
startled, although it could have just been the way her eyes reflected the
light.  After a pause, Beth replied, "OK, I guess."  Another, longer
pause.  Beth seemed to be getting progressively uncomfortable.  "But you
don't wanna hear about that, I guess."  Suspicion flared, and the
forgotten feeling grew a little more persistent.  I walked toward her.
Beth hurriedly said, "I think I'd better go."  Her feet didn't move.

   "OK."  I got to the door, and turned the knob to the open position,
but the door stayed shut.  Beth's eyes locked with mine, and she fidgeted
some more.  Yes, she does have pretty eyes...  My dick began to feel a
little fuller.

   "I-I-I really -- havetogo," Beth exhaled.  Common speech defect, I
noted.  Neither of us had moved.  "I-i-it really wasn't such a good idea
for me to come here again-"  Again?  My suspicion was on its way to being
confirmed.  I held my ground.  "Please -- let me out," she pleaded; it
was almost a whisper.  When I moved to open the door, Beth's eyes
widened, like a frightened doe's, and her nostrils flared.

   "Is that what you _really_ want, Beth?" I whispered as I slowly opened
the door.  She nodded frantically.  I looked at her eyes again, and she
glanced down quickly, looking at my crotch much longer than she had to.
Beth's breathing was hoarse, labored, and her cheeks were a faint pink.
"I don't think it is," I said quietly.  "I don't think you came over here
for Crystal.  By the way, I'm holding the door open for you.  You _can_
walk out.  All you have to do is go."

   The bulge in my pants was noticeable; Beth's vulnerable appearance had
stirred something primal in me.  Her cheeks were turning pink, and the
color was rising on her forehead.  Beth opened her mouth, but no words
came out.  I shut the door, and placed my hands on either side of her,
sealing off her exit.  Almost inaudibly, she begged, "P-please."

   "Please yes, or please no?"  I fixed her with a hungry stare.  "I
really think you're just curious.  I know you watched us that night,
Beth."  Her horrified expression confirmed it.  "You want me to do you
like I did Cryssie?  I bet that's what you want.  You watched me play
with her, and now you want me to play with you, isn't that right?  Did
you like what you saw when I fucked your friend up the ass?  I bet you
were wishing it was you."

   "N-n-n," Beth stuttered as she leaned forward just a little, ruby red
lips parted slightly.  I grabbed her and rammed my tongue into her mouth;
it wasn't a kiss of passion; it was a kiss of possession.  Beth's legs
turned to jello, and she wrapped her arms tightly around my back, forcing
her tongue into my mouth with maniacal enthusiasm.  I pushed her against
the wall, and we dry-humped each other ferociously, pelvises grinding,
mouths and tongues fighting for ground.  One of Beth's hands caressed my
ass, and I broke the kiss; the redness in her face and around her neck
was pronounced.  She was panting as I pulled her away from the door and
locked it.

   Beth slammed her mouth onto mine, her tongue thrashing madly.  She
pulled at my shirt, popping buttons in the process.  The little round
blonde was hot, in a scary sort of way.  I felt that I had to take charge
right then however, because that had worked with Crystal.  "Lie down," I
commanded between gulps of air.  Beth obeyed in a hurry, undressing
carelessly.  I started to kiss her wonderfully soft and round body
wherever my head happened to be pointed.  She shuddered, and then I was
on top of her, pushing my way into -- butter.  Butter that had fingers,
warm and slick.  Beth's whole body had turned pink, and her nipples stood
stiffly atop her full breasts.  I pulled out slowly, to a long moan from
Beth, and thrust violently back in with a grunt of my own.  Beth matched
me with a higher-pitched grunt as I slammed into her.  This was pure,
lust-driven sex.  I would pull out slowly, and pound my way back in.
Beth would answer each thrust with a soft grunt.

   I moved forward, sliding my cock along her ridge as slowly as I could
under the circumstances.  This started my orgasmic climb, but Beth wailed
and shook crazily, the nerves in her body firing simultaneously.  I slid
back into her and she bucked with a yelp of joy, coming violently,
thrusting her hips at me in her ecstasy.  It had almost been too good for
her, and her body tried actively to shake my orgasm loose.

   I pulled out, and shoved my cock in Beth's surprised mouth.  "Suck it!
Just like you saw Crystal do," I urgently hissed.  I was not quite
myself, the voice hard and with a nasty edge.  Beth responded
aggressively, her cheeks imploding, drawing my dick to the back of her
mouth.  I grabbed her head, and came forcefully.  She tried to get away,
but I held her head in place, and Beth could only swallow.  "Swallow it,
you horny county slut!  Ohhh!  Eat it like Crystal!"  I growled and
grunted in selfish release.  Beth continued to suck and swallow until I
was drained.  That's when I let go of her head.

   Beth was in shock, staring blankly at me.  A tear formed in her eye,
and she sniffled.  I kissed her, again for possession, not out of
passion.  Her body went limp, and her tongue gently probed my mouth.
"Crys said -- you kiss after blow jobs," she said in an awestruck voice.
She wiped at her eye and had stopped sniffling.  Strange girl.

   "What else did she say?" I asked, sitting down.  Actually, I was
demanding that she tell me, still feeling very aggressive, and very much
the predator to Beth's helpless prey.

   Beth swallowed aloud, seeming to forget completely her somewhat
unwilling introduction to my cum.  "She said that... that..."  I looked
at her disdainfully.  "That you eat... pussy."  Beth stumbled over the
last sentence, as if the last word were unfamiliar to her.

   "And so?" I inquired haughtily.  "We're not all alike," I defiantly
said.  "I'll do that to you, too.  What else?"

   "I -- dunno.  She used all kinds of dirty words to describe what you
did to her.  I-I can't remember," Beth stuttered.  Selective amnesia, no
doubt.

   I drew closer to her, violating her personal space, forcing her to
feel my physical presence.  "So you watched us that night."  Beth's eyes
widened again, filling with fear.  It was one hell of an aphrodisiac.
"Were you curious?  You want me to fuck you as good as I fucked your
roommate?"  I put my hand on her thigh.  Beth flinched, but didn't move
away.  I could feel the waves of fear emanating from her body; her
submissive (to this point) acceptance of my control over her had started
to make me hard again.  "Yes or no, Beth.  Do you want to feel like she
felt, like you imagined her feeling?  Do you want me to make you feel
what you fantasized?"

   "N-n-n-no.  I-I..."  Beth's curiosity, combined with the forbidden
fruit aspect of our coupling, made me a man she couldn't resist.  I knew
it, and I'm sure she did.  "Aren't you going to get dressed?" she asked
in a small voice.

   "Why?  I hope you don't think I'm done with you.  That's a mistake.
All you damn county girls are alike.  Sex is something you do in the dark
in exchange for money spent on a date," I snarled at her.  I drew closer
to her face, and she was clearly intimidated.  My hostility toward
Crystal had been abruptly transferred to Beth.  "That makes you a whore,
Beth."  I looked down, and could see a faint rose begin to bloom on her
chest.  I touched her breast, raising goose flesh as my hand moved
lightly across it, and her nipple popped out.  The responsiveness of her
body to my touch was nothing short of amazing.  "Spread your legs."  Beth
looked confused.  "I said, _spread your legs_," I commanded, and Beth
meekly obeyed.  "I'm gonna make you feel real good, little girl," I
crooned.

   Beth watched in fascination as I spread her legs apart and traced my
finger around her cunt.  As soon as her eyes closed, I stopped.  She was
even more confused now, but her body was mine to play with, and I
caressed her, avoiding all the obvious places.  I stroked her body
lightly, gently, constantly, listening to her breathe, and later, sigh.
I returned to her upper inner thighs, and Beth wiggled, spreading her
legs wider, but I pulled a very erect nipple into my mouth.

   "Ohhh!  Nooo... not -- a-gaiiinnnnn," Beth moaned softly, her body
giving up all remaining resistance.  I used my tongue and teeth on her
upper torso.  Beth sat, legs spread, her back against the front door.
She tried to slide down to her back, but I pinned her to the door.
"Put... put... it _iiinnnn_," she complained.

   "Yes, again, Beth.  I'm going to play with your pussy," I whispered.
"Say 'pussy -- play with my pussy'," I quietly urged, giving her a
teasing wet kiss before she could respond.  I repeated the request,
softer, without stopping my stimulation of her body.  "Tell me, Beth.
How much you want me to play with your..."

   "Pussy,"  she sighed sleepily as she finished my sentence.  I
whispered to her some more, urging her on.  "Play... with my... my...
_pussy_."  Beth gasped as I complied with her request, a small tremor
fleeing through her body.  She was very wet now, and having trouble
keeping her eyes open and focused.  I carefully toyed with her, kissing
her chest occasionally, watching her arch her back to speed contact each
time I would lower my head.  Beth's hips writhed slowly.

   "I'm going to finger fuck you now, Beth," I whispered, flicking my
tongue across her earlobe.  She only moaned, lost to the tension I had
built within her.  I pushed two fingers in, pumping slowly, and not going
too deep.  Beth was very tightly wound, and she was wrapped around
(literally) my fingers.  Beth gasped and moaned louder.  I added a third
finger to the two and Beth threw her head back against the door with a
soft cry.  I probed deeper, still slowly pumping at her.  Her hips began
to move counter to my fingers, and her breathing was very labored.

   "Fu-u-u-u-uck -- me-e-e-e-e..." Beth groaned, her body's tension
echoed in her voice.  I whispered some more obscenities to her.  "Play
with m-m-m-myyy pus-pusssseeee..." she replied.  I began to massage her
G-spot, simultaneously closing my thumb over the ridge and angry, red
cherry that separated it from my palm.

   Beth snorted once and her hips jerked sharply towards the ceiling.
She inhaled, a little cry coming from her open mouth, then grunted,
bucking again.  My fingers kept going, massaging the area that was
overloading her senses.  Her eyes were open, although far away.  Beth's
face was gloriously red, twisted into an expression of intense feeling,
and I got hard watching her orgasm.  This one was still going, because
the "V' of my hand wobbled her clit each time she moved her hips.  I just
kept my massage going, making juices flow out of her, covering my hand,
and filling the living room with Beth's intimate musk.  I pulled my
fingers out slowly, releasing my sex thrall.  There was an audible
slurping noise.  Beth slumped against the door, eyes completely
unfocused, dazed and sweating.  Her chest was barely moving.

   I wasn't finished with her yet.  I ran my sticky hand under her nose.
"Smell that wonderful, powerful scent...  Ye-e-e-es, Beth...  You...
It's allll you...  _Taste_ your own sweetness, Beth," I purred
seductively, holding my hand above her mouth.  She stuck her tongue out,
tentatively brushing my hand.  I moved it a little higher.  "Come on,
Beth.  You want it, you know you like it," and she strained forward,
running her tongue lightly around my hand, then cleaning it, avidly
sucking on my fingers.  God, was I hard!  I stroked her hair as her eyes
began to come back into focus.  "See what real sex is like?  No money, no
obligations, just intense, intimate pleasure," I continued to purr at
her.  She answered me with a kiss, her tongue making weak circles in my
mouth.  Time to drop the bomb.  "Now that your curiosity has been taken
care of, you can leave anytime you like.  The door's unlocked," I said.

   Beth stood up at last, and began to dress, slowly, as if she were
still dazed.  "Wh-wh-what did you d-d-do to me?"

   Nonplussed, I corrected her.  "The question is, what did I do _with_
you."

   "What about you?"

   What about me?  Sex isn't an exchange of favors.  I did what I did
because I wanted to, and you let me," I replied.  "Now you can go home,
since I've satisfied your county curiosity."  My cock ached, but I wasn't
really in the mood to play any more with Beth.  I figured that I could
fantasize about Pam or Crystal and get off better by myself than with
some stupid, "I've-never-done-it-with-a-black-guy-before" bimbo.  I
ignored Beth, but I could sense her confusion as she dressed in silence.
Beth quietly closed the door without a word when she left.

