Archive-name: 3plus/crystl-2.txt
Archive-author: Dastardly Dave
Archive-title: Crystal's Next Fantasy


                     Another Custom Fantasy

 Crystal and I were sitting on the couch in the living room
of my beach condo, watching adult video tapes.  She had brought
them over that evening and said she wanted to see what kinds of
things I liked in them.
 Crystal was sitting between my legs as we watched the porno
films.  Of course, about ten minutes into the first one, my cock
had gotten hard and the little darling was having fun rubbing her
back against my boner.  I was stroking her beautiful red hair
with one hand and cupping a breast with the other.  She had the
remote control and was fast forwarding through the tapes to find
scenes she wanted me to see.  Occasionally she would jump up and
change tapes. She was scanning through a tape when I saw a
girl-girl scene flashing past.
    "Whoa, I want to see this!" I told her.  The scene was of
Traci Lords and Ginger Lynn licking each other's pussies.  I
stared at the hot scene unfolding as Traci fingerfucked Ginger
while she was sucking her clit.  I whispered in Crystal's ear,
"You ever done that?"  She shook her head no.
 "I've thought about trying it with my friend Sandi, but the
opportunity never came up," she said and started the scan again
as the scene ended.
 Several hot portions of the tape passed, then she stopped the
scan on an orgy scene with several men and women.  We watched
intently, until the scene panned to a guy licking Traci's cunt
while another guy shoved his cock up his ass.  Crystal turned to
me with a grin.
 "You ever done that?"
 "Nope, not really."
 "What do you mean, not really?  C'mon, give!"
 "Well, when I was just a kid, my cousins and I tried it, but
nobody ever actually got their dick in, it was mostly just
rubbing dicks in ass cracks, pretending it was a girl."
    "Hmmmm. Well, woould you like to try it?"
 "I don't know.  I'm not attracted to men, but I do like
getting assfucked with a dildo, so it's possible... if it was
part of an orgy or something."
 "Well, I'll just have to schedule us an orgy then, huh?" she
said with a twinkle in her eye.
 "I'm so horny right now from these tapes, I think we could
have our own two-person orgy right now!"
 The beautiful 18 year-old girl rolled over between my legs
and kissed me.  I reached down and unbuttoned her shirt, reaching
in and cupping her unfettered breasts, rolling her pert nipples
between my fingers and pinching them lightly.  She moaned softly
as our tongues entwined.
 I pushed her shirt off her shoulders and dropped it on the
floor beside us and pulled my T-shirt off over my head.  Crystal
kissed me again, mashing her breasts to my chest.  I could feel
her hardened nipples spearing mine.  Then she leaned up, breasts
dangling, letting the nipples dip into my lips, then pulling them
away, teasing me with the distended little paps.  Suddenly, I
popped my head up and grabbed her right nipple between my teeth,
biting gently but firmly.
 "Now I've got you!" I said around the nubbin. "Say Uncle."
 "Uncle, aunt, cousin, brother, sister... anything, just
don't stop!" she cried as I nibbled at her flesh.                           
"Oooooooohhh.... yeeeeeesssss!"
    With her nipple still clasped firmly in my teeth, I wrapped
my arms around her and rolled us off the couch.  I picked her up
and put her back on the couch, her ass just resting on the edge.            
I reached down and unsnapped her pants and jerked them and her
panties down.  I took hold of the hair surrounding her mound and
pulled it to its full length, tugging just enough to sting a bit.
 Crystal flopped her legs open to give me better access, but
her pants were binding her calves.  I let go of her pubic bush
and she whimpered.  I pulled her pants off over her feet and
threw them across the room, then grabbed her mound of red hair
again.  I let my middle finger penetrate her slit and flicked my
fingernail across her clit.  She squealed with the combination of
pain and pleasure.
 She reached down and unbuckled my belt, pulling my pants and
shorts down, freeing my erect cock.  Then she wrapped her legs
around my back and pulled me to her, grabbing my dick and sliding
into her juicy pussy.  I sank to the hilt, my cock hairs mingling
with her lovely red bush.
 I slowly drew out, then slowly slid back in deep.  Out
again, then in deep. Then out again, then in only an inch or so.            
I fucked her slick pussy a few strokes shallow, then a few
strokes deep... teasing, then satisfying.
 Crystal ran her fingernails lightly across my chest as I
plunged my cock into her hungry twat.  Then she grabbed her
nipples between two fingers of one hand, and one of mine between
two fingers of her other hand.  She raked and squeezed our
nipples; alternately pinching and scratching them.
 I reached down and placed my thumb on her clit and held it
there.  I didn't move it, just let the motion of our bodies cause
the friction.  I could tell Crystal was getting close to cumming;
a flush was appearing on her gorgeous tits.
 I started pounding my cock into her juicy pussy faster and
faster, until my balls were audibly slapping her asshole.
 "OH, OH, OH, YES, YES, YES, FASTER, FASTER, HARDER," she
screamed as I plunged my long, hard cock into her dripping cunt.
I slammed my dick in again and again as hard as I could.
Then she started to reach her peak, grunting unintelligibly as
the cum started to pour from her pussy; hot and wet all over my
cock.  I couldn't take any more of the sizzling stimulation to my
dick and started to cum myself; continuing to pound my cock in
her cum-drenched slit as the jets of jism mixed with her juice to
come pouring back out of her cunt, soaking her asshole and
puddling on the couch again.  By this time, we had slid off the
couch onto the floor.  I collapsed on to Crystal, my chest
heaving as I struggled to catch my breath.
 I started to roll off her to avoid crushing her, but she
clamped her legs around me again.  She grasped me as we rolled
over til she was on top; my softening cock still buried in her
dripping snatch.  She sat up on me so my cock had nowhere to go,
flaccid as it was.
 "Think you can go again, big boy?" she asked me with a
twinkle in her eye.  "Sandi and her boyfriend Gary will be over
soon.  Maybe we can have that orgy we talked about."
 "You keep squeezing your cunt muscles like that and I won't
be any good in an orgy!"
 "Oh, you like that do you?" she said and clamped down on my
dick even harder.
 "Baby, you're gonna pinch it off if you don't watch out," I
said as I felt my cock begin to harden again.  She giggled and
leaned down to kiss me deeply.  Just then there was a knock at
the sliding glass door on the deck.  Crystal popped her head back
up and looked over the couch.
 "It's Sandi and Gary," she told me.  "C'mon in guys!  Wanna
join our little orgy?"
Sandi was Crystal's best friend, but she was only sixteen,
with long flaxen blonde hair and a lovely heart-shaped face.  She
was really built, wearing cutoff shorts and a halter top with no
bra.  I could see her nipples stretching the fabric.  Gary looked
to be about 20; a handsome fella with a long lean build.
 "Ooooooooooo, I've never been in an orgy before!" Sandi
exclaimed.  "Let's join in, Gary!"
 "Sounds good to me, I've been wanting to suck Crystal's
pussy for a long time and now seems like the perfect time."
 Gary dropped down beside us and put his face in between our
groins, licking and lapping at Crystal's soggy cunt and my dick.            
As Crystal rose up on my cock to give him better access, he
wrapped his tongue around my cock and licked up it to her clit,
where he tarried for a bit before starting back down my dick.               
Sandi was at my feet, pulling my pants the rest of the way off.
 With one sweeping motion, Sandi threw off her halter,
releasing two of the firmest, most gorgeous tits I had seen since
I first saw Crystal's.  She dropped her shorts and I saw she was
wearing no panties.  She was a natural blonde, with a light
covering of soft blonde cunthair.  Her puffy little slit was
visible through the sparse bush.
 Gary stood up as Sandi came around and squatted over my
face, her pussy opening as she lowered her bush to my lips.  I
stiffened my tongue so that it penetrated her cunthole as she
lowered herself.  Gary had taken his clothes off and just before
Sandi's soft little pussy covered my face, I caught a glimpse of
the longest, thinnest dick I had ever seen going into Crystal's
hot mouth as she continued to move up and down, fucking herself
on my now turgid cock.
 I lapped at Sandi's tight little hole, running my tongue up
to flick at her clit, then deep into her pussy, then back to
penetrate her pink, puckered little bumhole.  She ground her ass
into my face when I tongue-fucked her asshole.
 "OH, YEAH!" Sandi cried. "Stick your tongue up my butt, lick
it, bite it... soooooooo gooooood."
 I felt Crystal ease herself up off my cock, but I continued
to plunge my tongue into Sandi's torrid snatch, slurping up her
hot girl juice.  Then Crystal's lips clamped around my cock and
sucked me deep into her throat, her muscles milking my dick for
all it was worth.  This was the best blowjob she had ever given
me and I wondered where she had learned the new tricks.  I lost
myself in the sensation and closed my eyes and enjoyed the
sensation of her hot mouth sucking me in.
 Sandi must have felt neglected, because she pulled her pussy
away from my lips and got up.  With my eyes still closed and
really getting into the blowjob, I was thrashing my head side to
side.  With my head to the side, I opened my eyes and was
astonished to see both girls sitting on the couch, watching!
 "Whaaaaa?" I exclaimed as I looked down to see that it was
Gary giving me the greatest headjob of my life.  But what the
hell, I was enjoying it so I just laid back again.
 When I opened my eyes again, Sandi and Crystal were on the
floor beside me, eating each others pussies.  Sandi had her back
to me and I had a good view of Crystal's tongue sliding in and
out of her pussy and bum.  Then Crystal concentrated on fucking
Sandi's pussy with her tongue, while she inserted a finger into
her asshole and fingerfucked her ass; occasionally sliding the
finger into her pussy to lubricate it.
 I reached into the drawer of the end table and pulled out my
tube of KY jelly, opened it and spread some on Sandi's bumhole.  
Crystal's finger started flying in and out of it, aided by the
surgical lubricant.  Then I looked down at the tube in my hand,
then at Gary.
 He raised his eyebrows in question.  I thought for a minute,
then handed him the tube.  He pulled his mouth off my cock and I
got up and positioned myself behind Sandi.  Gary spread some
jelly on my cock and I slid my dick into Sandi's little bumhole.  
Her ass was soooo tight!  Crystal licked at my balls as I
butfucked her best friend furiously.
 I felt Gary behind me.  He ran a finger into my crack and
spread KY jelly on my asshole, then slipped a finger in.  It hurt
a bit and I tensed up, so he backed off and just ran his finger
around it.  As I got more and more into assfucking Sandi while
Crystal ate her pussy and sucked my balls; Gary's finger
penetrated me again.  This time it wasn't so bad.
 A few minutes later, I felt him position his dick at my back
door.  His cock was long, but very narrow, and he had little
trouble getting in.  I was able to relax my sphincter and felt no
pain... in fact it felt pretty good!  I couldn't believe I was
enjoying having sex with another man.
 He pumped his cock in and out of me as I buttfucked Sandi.
She still had her face buried in Crystal's pussy and Crystal was
sucking her pussy, my balls and Gary's balls when they flew
forward.  We were a mass of seething passion.
 Crystal started to cum from Sandi's tongue work on her
snatch and I could feel the juice boiling in my balls as well.              
Crystal hit her come while sucking my balls and that got me off,
making me blast Sandi's bowels full of juice.  As she came,
Crystal clamped her mouth on Sandi's clit and flashed her tongue
across it, bringing her off.  At the same time, Gary pounded his
cock into me and I knew for the first time what it felt like to
have sperm shooting into me.
 We all collapsed into a sweaty, exhausted, satiated heap.
Finally, we rolled apart and Crystal started giggling.  I asked
her what was so funny.
 "Well, this was a night for firsts.  You got buttfucked for
the first time; so did Sandi; and I ate my first pussy and got
eaten by a girl for the first time.  Poor Gary, he didn't get to
have any firsts."
 "Oh yeah?" Gary said with an evil grin as he reached for
Crystal. "I haven't fucked you for the first time yet!"
 "Oh, my gooooood!" Crystal shrieked, as she fell into his
arms.....

 Well, darlin' it was strange writing that without ever
having experienced it, and I don't think I would ever want to.              
But I learned a lot by talking on-line with several gay and
bi-guys, so I think it was a valuable exercise for me.  Hope you
enjoyed it.  NEXT????

--
