Copyright © 1998,    Bobby Lee.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.





                             "Crystal"
                           Chapter Three
                                by
                             Bobby Lee

   Synopsis:

   Bill Milligan was dating ten year old Crystal's mother, Sandy. At Sandy's
   urging Bill performed a fondling sex act on Crystal one night after he
   and Sandy had made love. Once exposed to underaged sex, Bill found that
   he had pedophile tendencies, enjoyed what had happened and looked forward
   to further sexual contact with Crystal. Upon their second meeting,
   without the mother's presence, Bill had nearly had full sex with Crystal.
   Now a year has passed. Bill carefully avoided being alone with Crystal
   and his relationship with her mother, Sandy, had deepened.

   Crystal, now eleven, had not forgotten Bill though. She had a tremendous
   crush on the man soon to be her stepfather. She remembered the wonderful,
   new feelings he had given her, his gentleness, the touch of his fingers
   and the warm sexy glow she felt when the head of his penis squirted semen
   in her virgin vagina. Crystal was now approaching puberty, her breasts
   were developing, thin strands of pubic hair appeared on the perimeter
   of her young pussy and she had feelings of a woman in love.

   And the saga continues......

   Crystal was laying on her bed in the dark of night. Her slender fingers
   toyed with her aroused clitoris as she thought of Bill and brought
   herself to orgasm. "This is not enough", she thought...

   Bill had avoided being alone with Crystal for nearly a year. Knowing
   that if he were with her it could have disastrous consequences. He
   still thought of her and was always very kind toward her when she and
   her mother were with him but he could not allow himself the temptation
   of being alone with her.

   One day Bill came home from work and when he entered his bedroom there
   was Crystal lying on his bed waiting for him. She had let herself in
   with the key he had given her mother. Looking at her, dressed in a
   plaid skirt and a white blouse, Bill was bewildered.

   She was lying on her back, her upper body supported by pillows and
   she was reading a magazine. Her knees were up, her legs spread and
   her little girl cotton panties were in plain view.

   Not saying a word, Bill gazed at her. He looked at her smooth, slender
   legs. He was fascinated by how her panty crotch outlined the lips of
   her pussy as though they were stretched tight. His mouth went dry and his
   penis stiffened within the confines of his shorts.

   "I missed you so", she whispered in her little girl voice.

   "You shouldn't be here, it's not right Crystal"

   "I know, Mommy is at work and won't be home for hours", she stated, "We
    can be together if you want"

   Bill sat down on the edge of the bed and Crystal crawled down to him
   throwing her arms around his neck and then she kissed him fully on
   the mouth.

   "I love you, Bill, and that makes whatever we do right.", She reasoned

   With that, she unbuttoned her blouse and removed it showing him her
   training bra. The bra offered little support. It's main function was to
   prevent her sensitive nipples from chapping as they rubbed on her
   clothing when she moved. It was not a complicated affair, just two small
   white cups with a small pink ribbon in the center. She reached behind her
   back and unfastened the single hook allowing the bra to fall from her
   chest.

   Now her immature breasts were exposed to him and he stared at them.
   They had indeed grown in the past year. Two small mounds capped by
   pink, perfectly round, succulent nipples that appeared to be puffy or
   swollen and very inviting.

   "God knows I tried", Bill muttered as his hand came in contact with
   her breast and his fingers caressed her nipples causing them to wrinkle
   and harden.

   A sigh left her lips and she felt that familiar tingle between her young
   legs and her pussy becoming moist. She kissed him passionately and
   inserted the tip of her tongue in his mouth. She lifted her buttocks and
   slid her skirt up passed her thighs displaying her panties.

   Bill kissed her tenderly then lowered his head and commenced sucking
   and nursing on her nipples. His hand wandered down and he fondled her
   little pussy through the cotton fabric of her panties. After a couple
   of minutes, his fingers went under the elastic leg band and explored
   her lips and tiny clitoris. The interior of her pussy was very wet and
   slippery. Her legs trembled with anticipation

   Crystal shuddered and cooed in his ear. Her hand found his zipper and she
   removed his hard penis from the confines of trousers and used her
   delicate fingers to stimulate him. She remembered what he had taught her
   and making an oval by touching the tip of her forefinger to the tip
   of her thumb, she moved the ring over the head of his penis so it
   simulated a small tight vagina, like hers.

   "I love you too, Crystal, and I've missed you so much", he confessed

   "Please put it inside me", She panted, "I need to feel you in me. Mommy
    can have you, why can't I?

   "Because you are still a little girl, you are too small down there
    and it would hurt you.", Bill responded

   "Let's try it anyway. If it hurts too bad you can always stop"

   Crystal tugged on Bill's penis and lying on her back, pulled him
   on top of herself. With one deft move she pulled her panty crotch
   to one side and commenced swabbing her pussy with his hard flesh.
   She was in heaven and more aroused than she had ever been in her
   young life.

   Bill hugged her and kissed her while she positioned the head of
   his penis next to the small opening of her vagina. She wrapped
   her strong legs around his waist and grasped his butt with her
   heels. With a sudden lurch...

   The penis penetrated her, not far, not deep, but the feelings she was
   experiencing were exquisite. The bulbous soft head was inside her and the
   thick shaft would soon follow if she could withstand the discomfort and
   pain of full entry. Oh, she wanted it so bad.

   Bill could feel the muscular, elastic ring of her vaginal orifice slip
   over the head of his penis. He moved his hips in such a manner that the
   single inch of penetration was repeated over and over again.

   The couple lay like that for several minutes, kissing and touching each
   others bodies, savoring the contact of their sexual organs and
   anticipating what was to come.

   Slowly and with reserve, Bill's penis delved into the girl's vagina.
   Feeling the collar of her hymen he moved forward, rupturing the thin
   membrane that was the only barrier between them and satisfaction.

   "Oh God, Oh God"; Crystal whimpered; "It's going in me and I feel so
    full. It hurts, but not bad. If you stop now, I'll die!"

   Crystal gyrated her hips pumping herself on the invading penis
   and the rhythm of love commenced.

   Slowly and for the longest time, Bill fucked the little girl, not hard,
   not deep but with steady incessant strokes.

   Soon Crystal was moaning, shuddering and thrashing about as she
   exclaimed; "It's going to happen, yes, yes, God yes!"

   Quickening the strokes, Bill cried, "I love you, little girl", as he felt
   the contractions of ejaculation commence. Gush after gush of viscous
   semen forcefully moved down the length of his penis, out the tip and into
   her awaiting vagina. Wave upon wave of orgasmic fury consumed them both
   as they came together on this, their first coupling.

   The two kissed and hugged afterwards, reaffirming their love. Then
   they dressed and Bill drove Crystal home leaving her off about block from
   her house. Crystal's mother was not home yet so all's well that ends
   well.....


                         The end of chapter three





















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....