                               The Seduction

   Of course, Crystal didn't call.  I gave Pam a "toldya so" when Crystal 
arrived at the club with a date two weeks later.  I chatted with them 
amiably during break, giving no sign that something had almost happened 
between Crystal and me.  Pam gave me a drink after I left their table.  
"She bought this for you."

   "So?  He's got his hand on her leg, and she doesn't seem to object," I 
observed.  I was getting tired of Pam always seeing something that wasn't 
there.

   "She doesn't care.  She did the whole 'notice me' thing while you were 
playing.  She likes you.  If you really want her, then all you have to do 
is ignore her," Pam counseled.  That wasn't hard, because Crystal and her 
date vanished sometime early during the next set.  At the end of the 
night, Pam just noted the parallels between the expensive drinks county 
guys would buy for her, and the expensive drink Crystal had bought for 
me.

   Crystal showed up with some other guy the next night, but they left 
before I could say hi.  Crystal reappeared by herself during the last 
set.  At the end of the show, she weaved her way up to the stage.  "Can 
you give me a ride home?  I had a fight with Adam, and I don't have 
enough money for a cab home, and I didn't drive.  This was the only place 
I could think of."  That was interesting, although she wasn't in any 
shape to drive.  Crystal leaned heavily against me, pressing her boob 
into my side.  I told her sure, I could give her a ride home, and sat her 
down at a table to wait while I loaded.

   A county guy (they can be real obvious, believe me) sat down at 
Crystal's table almost immediately after I left.  Pam whispered, "She's 
drunk; it attracts 'em like blood and sharks."  She stopped me as I came 
back in to fetch the remaining bass.  "The asshole thought his Gold card 
would impress me.  While I do appreciate the twenty-dollar tip, I'm worth 
more than that," she whispered in indignation.  I watched from a discreet 
distance as the guy tried to pick Crystal up.  After a couple of seconds, 
Pam said, "Save her from that asshole.  She deserves better."  I walked 
over to the stage, grabbed the instrument, and headed to Crystal's table.  
She put her arm around my waist, and leaned her head sleepily on my hip.  
As we left, Pam smiled at me, and mouthed, "I told you so."

   Crystal leaned against the side of the van while I opened her door.  
She reached and lazily stroked my neck.  "You're tense," she slurred.  
Memories of two weeks ago flashed through my mind. I turned and kissed 
her viciously.  She responded eagerly, and we began to hump each other 
against the side of the van.  I shut the passenger door, opened the side 
door, pulled her in, and attacked her.  Crystal protested briefly, "We're 
in public!"

   "We want each other," I panted, undoing her sun dress.  "By the time I 
get the gear unloaded, we'll both be too tired."  Crystal helped me, and 
her dress came off almost instantly.  I put a condom on; Pam had left a 
few in the glove box.
   
   "How?"  Crystal was breathing heavily.

   "Sit on my lap," I instructed.  She moaned, a most sensuous, 
gratifying, endearing sound, as she slid onto my erection.  "Feel good?" 
I gasped.  Crystal moaned yes.  "Now rock with me."  Her hips rolled back 
and forth a few times; then she discovered the position of her clit in 
relation to our bodies.  Crystal pushed her hips down and forward with a 
little snort.  She panted, each breath coming in a higher pitch than the 
last.  She drove her clit against me; the pleasure made her buck, and 
stopped the stimulation.

   Her first climax arrived quickly, and she gurgled in my ear.  
Crystal's hips vibrated, and she squeezed me tightly.  I felt the tension 
go out of her body.  She sighed happily.  I wished that I could have seen 
her face when she came.  I knew I'd have to get a better look sometime.  
I wiggled inside her, still erect.  The van's windows had fogged up.  
"Notdoneyet," I gasped in her ear.  Crystal lazily rolled her hips in a 
circle while purring and nibbling on my neck and ear.

   "Ohhh... if suuummm -- wu-wu-wunnn seeeees uhhhhhsss," Crystal moaned.

   "Let them watch," I panted, on ecstasy's edge.
   
   Her hips pumped a little harder.  "Ooooohhhh," she replied.  I felt 
the heat of her skin and her heartbeat.  I smelled her perfume when I 
leaned my head to her neck, but it was soon covered by another, stronger, 
musky fragrance.  "Suuummm-wunnn..." she groaned a few times.  "Wa-wat... 
waaattttccshhhh..."  Crystal's urgent kiss signaled the start of more 
frenzied pumping.  She began sliding up and down, and I started coming 
completely out of her.  The repeated sensation of penetration was too 
much for me to take.  I thrust my hips upward and collided with her 
downstroke, filling the rubber with my seed.

   A little later, Crystal was still lazily circling her hips as we 
kissed.  I had slipped out of her, but she kept rubbing against me.  I 
sighed contentedly, and we hugged for a little while more.  The thought 
of being watched had really turned her on.  I filed that away for later 
reference.  We finally got dressed enough for me to drive home.  I got 
out first; Crystal waited for me to open her door.  That's when I saw the 
black ribbon tied to the back door.  The black ribbon that Pam had been 
wearing in her hair that night.  Crystal and I didn't bother to unload, 
going directly to bed.  We slept soundly.

   It was a bright Sunday afternoon when I sat up and stretched lazily; a 
movement next to me reminded me I wasn't alone.  "Mmmmmm," Crystal purred 
as I started a gentle back rub.  She hadn't put anything back on under 
her dress in the van, so I unzipped it and slid it off her shoulders.  
She stiffened in surprise, then wiggled to let me pull it down further.  
She was on her stomach, naked in my bed.  My lips teased her back while 
my hands travelled down her body.  "Ohhh, that feels good, Don."  I 
shifted position and kissed her lower back, then her ass cheeks.  The 
temptation was too great, so I burrowed between her legs.  "Don!!!"

   "Oh god you are _so_ kinky!" she giggled.  Kinky?  My tongue went back 
to work between her thighs, and Crystal parted her legs a little more.  
She was still lying face down, but her hips had started to slide against 
the sheet.  "Ohhh, ye-ahhh..."  I had enough room now to give her a 
proper tongue-lashing from behind.  Crystal humped the bed moaning, "D-D-
D-Donnn... Stoo-o-o-o-oppp..."  Her voice was husky, and the way she 
undulated indicated that stopping was the last thing she wanted me to do.  
She rolled over, legs open, knees raised, expecting me to climb on top of 
her.  I surprised her.

   My lips pulled at her pouting labia.  Crystal's breathing went up in 
pitch.  My tongue danced inside her pussy, and I tasted my lover's tangy 
essence.  She tossed her head from side to side as I drew circles just 
inside her opening with the tip of my tongue.  I followed my tongue's 
path with a finger, collecting a little bit of her juices and my saliva.  
When it was decently wet, I pushed my finger into her.  Crystal arched 
her back and moaned approvingly.  I pushed at the roof of her vagina, and 
the ripe berry in front of my nose begged to be sucked.  "Nnngh!  Gnff!!!  
Hrgh!!!"  Crystal's orgasm forced nonsense sounds from her throat, and 
she grabbed my hair.  Her hips rotated, and I watched her come.  Her eyes 
were closed, mouth open and her face frozen in an infinitely complex 
expression.  Crystal squeaked her joy.  Watching her was the turn-on I 
thought it would be; my erection pressed more forcefully against the bed.  
The frenzied clutching at my finger subsided.

   "You are soooo sexy when you come," I whispered to the sweating, post-
orgasmic woman.  My hand continued to tease her still-wet sex.  Crystal 
smiled dreamily, and tried to make my hand do more than just tease her.  
"My turn now," I cheerily said.

   Crystal blinked sleepily.  "W-w-wh... ummm -- what?"  She was damn 
near irresistible the way she looked now.  I rolled over on my back.

   "Turnabout is fair play.  I want you to give me head now."

   Crystal ran one hand lightly across my chest, the other rubbed the arm 
that I was teasing her with.  "Mmmmmm....  It's -- Sunnnn-dayyyyy," she 
started in a soft purr.  My finger interrupted her sentence as she had to 
still a little gasp of pleasure; my manipulations were getting to her.  
Crystal's hips began moving again.  "Afff-terrr-nooonnnn..."  Pam had 
always said I was at my most creative the afternoon after a gig -- and 
_very_ insistent.  It was time for Crystal to find that out.

   "I can stop now," I said pleasantly, and pulled my hand away.

   "Nooooo," she whimpered in protest.

   "Then give me a blow job," I stated.  Crystal had been very compliant 
to this point, but I had to take a stand at some time.  My demeanor was 
more businesslike and demanding.

   "Dooo iiittt tooo meeee," she countered, exposing her wonderful 
treasure wide for me.  If I had given in, I would have been guilty of 
what Pam had warned me about.  Figuring I could jack off later if 
necessary, I deliberately turned away from Crystal.  She moaned 
unhappily, protesting in a little girl's whine.  After a few seconds of 
silence, she rolled over closer to me and repositioned herself so that 
she was eye-to-eye with my nearly erect cock.  She looked up at me.  
"You're _so_ kinky."

   I lay back, propped up on pillows, and Crystal began to lick around 
the tip of my dick with broad, lollipop strokes.  My cock jumped as 
Crystal dutifully, but mechanically, bobbed her head.  I watched her for 
a while, and then she stopped.  "Would you like -- ummm -- close your 
eyes?  I feel funny when you watch."

   "It's _erotic_," I urged.  "Don't feel funny about giving me pleasure.  
I like to watch--"  My turn to swallow hard as Crystal stroked the rim of 
my dick.  She sighed in resignation, and resumed bobbing her head, 
sliding her mouth and tongue over my rod.  It was nice, but it wasn't a 
real good blowjob.  "Suck on it like you suck on those skinny 
cigarettes," I complained.  Crystal rolled her eyes at me, but followed 
my instructions.

   My ejaculation approached quickly thereafter.  Crystal felt the 
vibrations a pulse too late, for in between her slurps, I came.  My body 
vibrated and thrust in the thrill of orgasm.  When I could see again, it 
was clear that Crystal had had no idea of what to do with my ejaculating 
organ.  Come was on her cheek, hair, nose, chin and shoulder.  "You could 
have _warned_ me," she complained, not at all amused, and began to wipe 
her face off.  Without warning, I kissed her deeply, wet and urgent.  
Crystal responded timidly for a few seconds, then kissed back with 
passion.  We had smeared my cum all over our faces.  She spoke quietly, 
"God, I'm a mess."
   
   "You look sexy," I supplied, as quietly as she had.

   "You always _say_ that," Crystal argued.  The emphasis on "say" gave 
away her pleasure at the compliment, though.

   After we cleaned up and went to a _very_ late lunch, I drove her home.  
We kissed for a long time before she got out of the van.  "Call me?" she 
pleaded.  I nodded.  She smiled and turned, lazily walking to her 
townhouse.  I was pretty pleased with myself.  I had managed to catch the 
young lady's fancy.  I didn't know that I'd captured her imagination as 
well.  Unbeknownst to me, the seduction of Crystal had begun.

