                       The Education of Beth, Part 2

   Beth visited me every weekend after that.  Our relationship was different
from the one I'd had with Crystal, though.  Where Crystal would meet me at
gigs, or come over before the show and ride with me, Beth would come over to
my home before the gig, then wait patiently for my return.  Our relationship
was purely sexual; I had _no_ illusions about that.  One night, Beth brought
over an X-rated video.  "Crys bought some of these after you broke up.
I've... watched a couple.  She said that you and her used to watch together,
to get in the mood," Beth hesitantly said.

   "We did every so often.  It was one of the ways we got hot for each other,
but it wasn't the only way.  Are you curious?"

   "No...  I-I-I mean that..."  Beth stammered, struggling to explain
herself.  I cut her off.

   "Are you curious about what it does to me?  Since you've seen a few
videos, I guess you know pretty much the point of what's on the screen," I
said.  Beth blushed and got real quiet.  I looked at the box; it was a Little
Oral Annie film.  "Beth," I sighed, "put the tape in, and come sit next to
me."  She obeyed quickly and returned, eagerly settling at my shoulder.  The
rose had already made it to her neck.

   "I like to watch my lovers," I explained as the tape started, "it enhances
the moment.  I like to watch you, Beth.  The way that the color rises on your
body; the way that your nostrils flare when you're aroused; all of these are
erotic to me."  Beth had lowered her eyelids, and the flush now covered her
cheeks.  "I like to hear you sigh when I touch you in a special place," I
continued.  To prove my point, I ran my hand very lightly across the nape of
her neck, drawing a tremble from the aroused girl.  Beth shakily let the
breath she was holding out.  "See?  I can make you respond to my touch; and
soon you'll be responding to my voice, because you know it will be followed
by my touch.  I don't have to fuck you; I only have to touch you.  Now you
need to learn how to do the same for me.  I like head, sweet thing, and you
are going to watch and learn how to give head."

   The tape was rolling, and Annie demonstrated her amazing feats of oralia
in the first scene.  Beth gasped as Crystal had, slack-jawed at the sight of
a thick male organ completely embedded in someone's throat.  "Before we are
finished, Beth, you will be able to do that to me.  Crystal can," I
coercively whispered, putting Beth's hand on the lump in my pants.  "No,
don't do anything yet.  Just _feel_ it pulse."  I watched the blowjob with
increasing arousal, but I didn't let Beth's hand do anything but sit on my
lap.

   A lesbian scene came on, and I waited for Beth to react.  She didn't,
except to shift uncomfortably on the sofa, her eyes looking at me
questioningly, then returning to the screen.  I ran my hand up her arm.  She
shivered in response and her breath caught in her throat.  One of the women,
a blonde, was obviously playing the femme role, and her dominant partner was
absorbed in the exquisite torture of pleasuring her.  The taller, red-headed
woman's face was buried in the blonde's muff.  The blonde was making feeble
attempts at resistance, weak protests interspersed with stage gasps and
moans.  The redhead picked up a dildo and slobbered on it while pumping at
her female toy with her other hand.  Beth was watching the scene intently
now, breathing a little faster, rocking unconsciously at my gentle touch on
her fully clothed back.

   The dominant partner burrowed between her friend's ass cheeks, licking at
the smaller orifice.  All of this was explicitly shot, leaving nothing to the
imagination.  "You've already seen a _live_ ass fuck, Beth," I whispered to
her.  Beth swallowed audibly, her focus still on the tape. I nuzzled her
neck, and she moaned softly, leaning to me, surrendering control of her
body.  I stopped and Beth sighed dreamily, leaving her body against mine.
The redhead fastened the dildo to a harness, then began to fuck the blonde in
the ass with it.

   The blonde was doing the "No!  Yes!!  No!!  Yes!!!  YESS!!!" thing while
the redhead called her all kinds of nasty names.  Beth's ears were red.
After the massive on-screen orgasm both women had, the redhead and the blonde
kissed passionately, tongues dueling inside and outside mouths, and the
redhead stroked the blonde tenderly, saying, "That's such a good little
slave.  You like being my little slut, don't you?"  The blonde replied
dreamily, "Oh, yes, mistress..." with exaggerated effort.  Beth hadn't moved
since I last touched her actively, her eyes were fixed on the screen, and her
breathing was hoarse.  Beth's nostrils flared. This is promising, I thought.
Drawing out Beth's biggest fantasies may be easier than I thought it would
be.

   "Do you want to be _my_ little slut?" I asked Beth quietly.  Her back 
arched and she moaned.  "Play with your pussy for me.  I know my baby's pussy
is all wet."  Her hands flew beneath the dress she wore as she ripped off the
panties that had been underneath.  "Get on the floor and masturbate for me,
you little county girl whore."  She obeyed in a flash, undressing completely,
and sat in front of me, legs spread wide, rubbing herself frantically.
"You're a nasty little blonde bitch, ain'cha?"  A groan from the ecstatic
Beth.  "And you like to be told what to do." Another moan of ecstasy.  No,
this was too easy.  "Stop," I commanded, but Beth was rapidly climbing
towards orgasm, unwilling (unable?) to stop.  "_I said stop_!"

   I might as well have tried to stand in front of a loaded dump truck with
no brakes.  Beth was going to make herself come.  She'd forgotten me, the
movie, everything but her flying fingers and the pleasure they drove through
her body.  I was really hard and hot now.  This had aroused me a lot and I
pulled my pants down, then mounted Beth with a violent grunt.  She came
immediately, her tunnel collapsing around me and rippling along my length.
She whimpered in my ear, and her body jerked underneath me, arms splayed to
the side, her legs wide open.  I grabbed her head after it bounced off the
carpet following a particularly potent spasm.  I was pounding at her now, and
Beth's orgasm continued.  I kissed her forcefully, she kissed back in a
frenzy, then grabbed my hips with her hands and bit me (OW!) on the shoulder.
She was very vocal with each movement our coupled bodies made.  Beth buried
her head in my shoulder, muffling her orgasmic cries.  Her insides churned
like butter, massaging me well past the point of no return.

   I held my breath, swallowed hard, and contracted the sphincter responsible
for my cock.  My nuts felt like they'd been shot.  My pumping became fast and
short; uncoordinated and irregular.  So much for control. I pulled out of
Beth.  The first volley landed just below her neck, and Beth began to smear
it all over her upper body; her hips rolled wildly, seeking stimulation that
I was too greedy to provide, as I spurted over her body again.  Beth moved
forward, reached out and stroked my cock, making my hips buck.  _Another_
large gush of cum shot out, this time onto her face.  Beth was close enough
that she only had to move a little to engulf my still-hard shaft with her
mouth.  I grabbed her head, but it was unnecessary, because the blonde county
girl was sucking on me eagerly.  My next spurt was followed by pitiful
dribbling, and the _immediate_ collapse of my dick.  Beth's mouth and tongue
cleaned me thoroughly before she pulled away.  I wiped the cum off her face
with my fingers; she grabbed my hand and sucked it clean, too.

   "Are we a little oral tonight?" I said amusedly after Beth had calmed
down.  She looked at me, then quickly turned her head away in embarrassment.
I started to rub her breast gently and felt her stiffen, but she said
nothing.  She had really given her body to me.  This changed _everything_.
"Beth, sit back on the sofa and have a smoke.  I'll return shortly."  I went
to the bathroom to try to organize all the information that I had gained
during our just-concluded roll on the floor.  I knew that it would be next to
impossible to get any help from Beth in this matter.  Crystal almost never
hesitated to tell me when something felt good, or talk afterwards; Beth was
always embarrassed by our sex, and _never_ talked about it.

   Crystal.  I wanted Crystal, and Beth was a poor, although entertaining,
substitute.  Crystal had picked up the wonderful habit of being sexually
assertive and downright aggressive at times.  I smiled to myself, then sighed
as the dinner date from hell and our last encounter replayed themselves in my
head.  Suddenly, I was inspired by the comparison I had unintentionally made.
If Crystal was aggressive, and Beth did everything almost the opposite of
Crys, then what did that make Beth?  Submissive.  I was too tired to find out
if I had just discovered the key to Beth's sexuality right then, but at least
I had something new to try.

   Beth was lighting another cigarette when I rejoined her.  She gaped at me,
as she always did when I was naked around her, and her eyes widened slightly,
as they did whenever she was afraid I was going to do something with her.  I
sat next to her and kissed her sweetly, much to her surprise.  "That was very
good, but we have to rewind the tape now.  In fact --"  I paused, and handed
her the remote.  "Why don't you rewind the tape, and join me in bed whenever
you get done out here."  I disappeared into the bedroom, and heard the rewind
motor engage on the tape.  I'd find out what happened after the lesbian ass
fuck tomorrow.

   Beth virtually radiated disappointment when I told her that we were just
going to sleep, that our sexual encounter for the evening was over. She did
not threaten me with leaving, as she had in the past, nor did she attempt to
change my mind.  I had managed to train her that much.  Beth went home the
next morning.  When she returned that evening, I had nothing to say to her,
but as I left, I kissed her viciously, grabbing her soft, round ass through
her jeans.  She worked her tongue a little harder in my mouth until I broke
away and left her.

   The club had been pretty full, but my mind was on the attractive,
submissive blonde in my apartment.  Pam noticed my distraction.  "Someone on
your mind?" she purred teasingly, giving me a neck massage as the club
emptied.  "You've been in an awful hurry these days.  I'm beginning to think
you don't --"  Pam hugged me around the neck and playfully kissed me on the
ear.  "-- Like me anymore."  She ran her hand around my chest, still playing.
Nonetheless, it had a definite, and altogether predictable effect on me.
"Don't worry," she cooed, "I'll only get you hot for her -- whoever she is."

   I kissed her hand and arm, forcing myself to stop at her elbow.  It wasn't
easy.  "It's another county girl," I said.  "She doesn't really like to be a
band groupie," I explained as much as I was going to.

   Pam slid around in front of me.  "Careful, baby.  I don't want to patch
another broken heart," she replied quietly, turning serious.  Her blue eyes
made me shiver, and we hugged when I stood up to leave.  When I got to the
door, Pam called, "Don...  I _will_ if I have to."  Damn, if only Pam wanted
to get married.

   When I got home, Beth was watching the terrible late night movie.  She 
looked at me kind of funny, so I pulled her to me and kissed her.  The
muscles in her body relaxed, and her eyes sparkled as we separated.  "Beth,"
I began, "I think I've figured out what to do with you."  The expectation
grew on her face, as if I was about to reveal the one, true secret of life.
"You're very submissive, and like to be told what to do.  Especially around
me.  You like to feel -- powerless.  I'm not sure that I'm entirely
comfortable with that."  Beth's face fell a little; she appeared --
disappointed.  I maneuvered her over to a wall and kissed her.  "At the same
time, it makes for some -- _explosive_ -- sex.  I love how responsive your
body is to my touch and voice.  It makes me hard, and I just want to fuck you
and fuck you and fuck you..."

   Beth's neck turned pink during the last sentence and we started to grind
at each other, her hips thrusting aggressively at mine.  "Dirty talk gets you
hot, too, doesn't it, baby?" I panted.  Beth's blue eyes were locked on my
brown ones.  Her face was turning red.  "C'mon, you can tell me....  Let it
_go_, county girl...  C'mon...  How do I make you feel?"  We kissed
viciously.  "You wanna fuck, don'cha?  You want me to fuck you, but y'just
can't say it..."  We were both gasping for air now. "How bad y'wannit....
Hunh?  How... bad..."

   "Ohhh...  Gawwdd," Beth gasped, her eyes closing, "You make wanna do..."
Another frenzied gasp.  I unfastened her jeans.  "You... makeme...
_makeme_..."

   "Fuck me _now_, Beth."  Those words broke whatever reserve Beth had.  
There was nothing caring or loving about this sex.  Our pants went down and
we fucked standing up, real quick, and _real_ hard.

   "Ohhh!!!  You -- makemefuck!!!  Fuckyou!!!" she gasped, driving her hips
at me each time I would thrust against her.  Beth didn't refuse to do
_anything_ after that encounter.  The next weekend the band was not working,
so I rented some anal sex videos.  I put a mirror on the floor when I had
undressed Beth, and we watched the tube for a while, then I told her she was
going to "be just like Crystal."

   "Ohhh!!!  N-n-n-nooo!!  Ohhh-sh-sh-sh-i-i-i-i-i-iiiitttt!  MMMnnnhhhh!!!"
she grunted and moaned as I slid my entire length up and down her rear exit.
I watched her face contort, noting that she liked to watch herself, too.
Beth started masturbating furiously, sticking her fingers deep inside, which
triggered a _massive_ orgasm.  We lay on the floor, panting and sweaty.  This
was explosive sex at its' best.  I stroked her naked body caringly.  Beth
rolled over and fixed me with an incendiary look.  "What other _nasty_,
_perverted_ things are you going to make me do?  You _know_ I have to do
them," she said throatily.  She'd never be mistaken for a meek county girl in
bed again.  I could see her scaring the living hell out of a county boy, who
expected the average county get-off-in-the-dark-and-leave deal.

   "Come to bed when you get done," I said.  Beth had fished out a cigarette
and was smoking unhurriedly, leisurely.  "I have some... ideas," I tossed at
her over my shoulder as I left her to her odd state of simultaneous afterglow
and beginning arousal.  I've never seen any other woman who could so
obviously display both states at the same time. We had to change the sheets
that afternoon.  Worn out, I could only play with Beth's body with my hands,
and told her _not_ to come over the next weekend.
   
   The next time I got together with her, I tied her hands to the bedpost 
with silk scarves, curious about the effect on her.  I started to undress her
after she was loosely bound, and she was panting loudly before I got to her
panties.  Beth was telling me all of the dirty, disgusting things I was going
to do to poor, helpless her.  "Now I'm all tied up and you're probably gonna
make me swallow your cock and eat your cum.  I just can't resist any of your
nasty ideas...  You'll probably fuck me in the ass 'cause I hate it an' I
can't stop you..."  This turned out to be the key to Beth's time with me.
She needed to feel that she wasn't in control, and phrased her suggestions in
such a way that she avoided taking responsibility for our actions.  It seemed
to liberate her completely, charging her sexual performances with intense
enthusiasm, and allowed her to communicate her desires freely.

   I learned to pay close attention to her little monologues, especially 
those when I would just tease her body with my hands and mouth.  This 
extended foreplay let me tap into Beth's fantasies, allowing me to accelerate
her sexual growth.  One time she made the mistake of mentioning "nasty things
with another woman and you" after we had watched a video she had selected.  I
mentioned Heather.  Beth paled immediately, losing the sexual flush she had
acquired during our play in front of the video.  She clearly wasn't ready to
try an actual lesbian encounter, but she _was_ bi-curious.  I said nothing
for a while, then reminded her of Phil.  "God, he's _gorgeous_," Beth had
replied.  I kept reminding her of the dance lesson and the kissing, and she
got all flushed and called me "Phil" as we rolled on the carpet.

   One Saturday, when the band was scheduled to play out of town, I tied Beth
to the sofa, and teased her body mercilessly while a pair of all-girl videos
played on the tube.  She knew what I was trying to do, but acted powerless to
stop it.  Beth was very high and very wet by the afternoon.  I took her to
Phil's house, her wrists bound by silk scarves, and another scarf tied
symbolically around her neck.  Heather answered the door and exclaimed, "For
me???" as I presented the bound Beth to her.  Beth's eyes widened with fear
(it _still_ has a powerful aphrodisiac effect on me.)  Phil appeared to see
what his wife's exclamation was about, and as soon as Beth saw him, her
nostrils flared.  He took her bound wrists, kissed her, and Beth was flushed
in a big hurry.

   "Take good care of her.  I'm playing out-of-town, and I didn't want to 
leave the poor baby alone.  I'll be back for her sometime tomorrow," I said
as I left.  Beth was smiling dreamily when Heather presented her back to me,
wrists bound as before.  I didn't ask any questions.  I explained to Beth
that it was between the three of them, and I had no need to know anything.
More importantly, I had no desire to know anything.  It wasn't any of my
business.  Beth nodded and just said, "Now you're gonna take me back and make
me suck your cock 'cause I'm still tied up and can't stop you."
   
   Twenty minutes later, I was leaning against the front door, my pants 
around my ankles, and Beth's hands were _still_ tied.  Her eyes were full of
lust as she knelt in front of me, licking my cock sloppily, sucking fiercely
on the tip, then pulling away briefly before starting again. Beth would look
at me each time her mouth freed my cock, watching the pleasure in my body
roar across my face.  Her hair flew haphazardly about her head as she would
take a little more of me into her mouth each time, stimulating me with a
combination of suction, tongue, cheeks and teeth. More and more of my rigid
length would vanish into her mouth, until she burrowed her nose into my
crotch, and her lascivious blue-eyed stare burned a hole in me.  It was the
first time Beth had ever throated me.  Beth began to pull back, releasing the
crown of my dick from her throat, but I was already gone, orgasm taking
possession of my body.  Beth sucked greedily, madly on my twitching cock,
twisting her head all around the center of my sensory universe, swallowing
everything.  She thoroughly cleaned my cock inside her mouth, leaving it, and
the rest of my body, limp.  I sagged to the floor in thrilled, dreamy
exhaustion.  Beth kissed my chest, then snuggled against me, her hands still
bound by a flimsy piece of silk.  I started to stroke her smooth, soft skin
as if she were a cat.  And like a cat, she purred.
