                       The Education of Beth, Part 1

   The following Saturday night was a great night at the club.  It must 
have been "Single Ladies Night," and I had amused the crowd greatly at 
the expense of several sweet young things.  Nobody seemed interested in 
meeting me (that happens more often than not, despite what you think 
about musicians).  I got no phone numbers, so I decided to go to The 
Grill after the gig.  I hung out there and ran into a few fellow 
musicians who had the same idea.  My answering machine was blinking at me 
when I got home at about four a.m.  "No matter when you get in, call me.  
It's important," the tape said urgently in Beth's voice.  I immediately 
wondered if something had happened to their place, because the number was 
different from Beth and Crys' home number.  So I called.  A young-
sounding female voice answered, asking me to "Hold on a sec."

   "Are you alone?" Beth's voice said with near-panic.  "I-I-I... need to 
talk to you."  Pause.  "About Crystal.  Please.  I'm coming -- over.  
Please don't go to bed," she said.  I was really worried now.  A half-
hour later, Beth arrived.  I asked her had anything happened to their 
place as soon as she walked in.  When Beth said no, I asked if Crystal 
was OK.  Beth stuttered, "N-n-n-yes," her voice slurred, and wobbled on 
unsteady feet.  That's when I got mad.

   First, I bitched her out for the hour.  Then I bitched her out for 
driving drunk.  I put her in my bed, then stomped out to sleep on the 
sofa.  I knew why Beth had shown up.  I also knew why Beth was drunk, and 
told her flatly, "No.  We'll talk about this later, after I've had some 
sleep.  I'm not very happy with you right now.  If you weren't so drunk, 
I'd kick you out now, and if I didn't have to wait for it, I'd call a cab 
to take you back to where you came from.  Just leave me the fuck alone."
   
   I woke first Sunday morning, then waited a bit before waking Beth up.  
My bedroom smelled like her; she must have masturbated before she went to 
sleep.  She blinked sleepily, then lit a cigarette, staring blankly at 
me.  She mumbled, "I've got to go to the bathroom."  She slid off the 
bed, pulling the sheet along to cover herself (she was naked underneath) 
as she walked down the hall.  I briefly considered stepping on it to 
teach her a lesson.  While she was in the john, I undressed to get ready 
for the shower.  When the bathroom door opened, I was waiting outside, 
clad only in an untied robe with the morning erection in full bloom.  
Beth looked shocked.

   "What's the matter?  Never seen a guy erect in the daylight before?" I 
rudely asked.  She only blushed, and mumbled an apology.  I stood in her 
way for a few seconds, then Beth figured out that _she_ was supposed to 
walk around _me_.  When I came out of the john, Beth had one leg in her 
panty hose, and her bra was fastened.  She was just sitting on the bed, 
not moving.  Talk about mixed signals.  Most women I've known will put on 
something that covers their genitals first, or nothing at all.  I was 
naked and still partially wet from the shower.  I touched her and she 
jumped.  "Afraid I'll make you suck it or something?" I asked, wondering 
what the hell was going on.

   "I-I-I don't know why I came over.  I mean I-I..."  Beth's flushing 
body gave her away again.  She was semi-naked, and vulnerable in my lair.  
It _was_ the morning after a gig.  Her body announced that she was 
aroused, but the only trouble was, since her liquid courage had worn off, 
she needed to be -- persuaded.  I grabbed her and kissed her forcefully, 
removing her bra.  "N-n-noooo," Beth feebly protested when I started to 
tease her breasts.  So I stopped.  Beth whimpered.

   "You said no, so I stopped," I explained.  "No means no."  Beth put 
her hand on my chest, and looked at my dick.  What a role reversal.  It's 
usually the guy looking at the girl's breasts before speaking to her.  
Now I know how they feel.  Hey, I'm right _here_, I wanted to say.  Beth 
looked at me, very confused, and reached for my dick.  I moved away.  "No 
means no, Beth."

   "Ohhhh," she whined.  "I'm soooo confused.  You -- you make me feel so 
strange," she complained.

   "Well, maybe we ought to talk about Crystal, then.  After all, that is 
the only reason I waited up for you.  I thought either you or she needed 
my help in some emergency.  Instead, I get a drunken county girl who..."

   "JUST-SHUT-UP!" Beth yelped defensively.  "I _hate_ it when you call 
me a county girl!"  Tears began to run down her cheeks.  "Crystal's out 
getting laid whenever _she_ wants, and I can't find anybody!" she wailed.  
"You don't want me, nobody likes me..."

   I interrupted her.  "Wait.  I never said you weren't physically 
attractive."  Beth stopped sniffling to listen.  "I just don't believe in 
the little county girl games you play.  I wouldn't have gone out with 
Crys if she hadn't stopped playing those games with me.  She played that 
game with me once; I more or less threw her out.  You're going to have to 
stop relying on being drunk to signal your availability; I prefer my 
women sober.  And good sex is not just fucking at night."

   This was obviously a little too heavy for Beth to take.  She looked at 
me, dumbfounded.  I'm sure that she was wondering if I was going to fuck 
her or not.  I sighed, reached across her body, and ran my finger very 
slowly around her right breast.  "Now, if you want to play with me, you 
gotta play by my simple rules.  One: Either of us can say no, at any 
time, without explanation or causing later problems.  Two: My dick is not 
the only place I can be turned on.  Pay some attention to the rest of my 
body.  _Learn_ it, 'cuz I promise you I'm gonna learn yours," I said, 
flicking my finger around the underside of Beth's tit.  I could see her 
stomach ripple at the contact, and that went into the mental folder that 
said "Beth".  "Three: I am _not_ a county boy, so I will _not_ put up 
with any of your county shit.  I don't need you, and your pussy does not 
run my life.  Understand?"  Beth nodded, wide-eyed, but she was paying 
attention to my face, so I must have been getting through to her.  I 
resumed my speech.  "Last: I am not in the sex education business; I am 
doing this for my own selfish reasons.  I will not be a school for 
wayward county girls."  I looked sternly at her.  She nodded attentively 
in reply.  "I wouldn't be here if I wasn't sure that you aren't just 
curious about my being black, otherwise I would have thrown you out by 
now."

   Beth gasped.  "Wh-wh-what makes you say that?"

   "The brain is the world's best sex organ, and I know it turned you on 
to watch me and your roommate.  You weren't so embarrassed that you made 
any noise.  Since you've already gotten what you wanted if you were just 
curious, there's got to be a reason that you came back.  I figure that it 
has to do with the change in Crystal.  You're probably wondering if I can 
change you."

   Beth nodded, clearly fascinated by my seeming psychic ability.  I 
switched my hand to her other breast, and pushed her back to the bed.  
"You mean you want to do it _now_?" she said, shock in her voice.  I 
stroked the underside of Beth's left breast, and she moaned 
involuntarily.

   "I assume that you reached for my dick earlier because you had that in 
mind.  Am I right?"  Beth gaped as I waited for an answer.  "Yes-or-no, 
Beth.  And I already told you what no means."

   Beth hesitated, looking at me in fascination.  She lowered her head.  
"Y-y-yes," she stammered, clearly unaccustomed to asking for sex.  I 
lifted her head, making her look at me, and asked her what she had said.  
She swallowed hard and repeated, "Y-y-yes," in the same shaky voice.

   I sighed quietly, slightly exasperated.  It was going to be _much_ 
more difficult to get Beth to break loose.  "The first lesson, Beth, is 
communication," I said, leaning to her face.  "Now lie back, relax, and 
forget that it's Sunday morning."  Beth giggled, and the education of 
Beth was off and running.  I spent the morning teasing Beth's body, 
leaving her high and wet.  Then I called for a lunch break.  She 
protested, and was flabbergasted when I told her that I didn't care.  She 
threatened to leave and go home.  "Fine.  Don't let the door hit you on 
the way out, baby," I fired back.

   Man, did I frustrate her!  I took her out to lunch and bought the 
Sunday paper, making her read the comics and do the crossword puzzle with 
me.  She tried to use this as an excuse to start petting with me, but I 
moved away and stopped our shared activities.  After I had made it clear 
that I wasn't going to let her make any decisions today about the when, 
she got mad and left.  I was surprised she had lasted as long as she did, 
but it really didn't bother me that she left.  I knew she'd be back.

   Monday, I called her and she was still mad.  Wednesday, she called me.  
I asked why she had been in such a hurry on Sunday.  She told me point-
blank that she didn't like being teased.  Beth had learned lesson one 
pretty well.  I pointed out that I didn't either, and it was something 
she also needed to learn and be aware of.  I told Beth to meet me at the 
Grill after the gig the following Saturday.  She was waiting for me 
there, slightly overdressed, wearing too much makeup, and trying to be 
invisible in a corner.  Beth was nervously scanning the room when I got 
there, and her face showed relief, not pleasure at my arrival.  I could 
tell that  tonight was going to be an uphill battle.  I guided her to a 
booth where we could be alone.  Beth still seemed extremely nervous even 
though I was there.  The crowd definitely frightened her, but when a 
_big_ friend of mine asked her to dance, she absolutely cowered against 
me.  "Don't be afraid.  Steve won't hurt you.  He just wants to dance."  
I pushed Beth out onto the floor with him and they danced to a slow song, 
Beth frantically trying to avoid any contact.  She thanked him in a small 
voice, not looking at him.
   
   "He thinks you're attractive," I said, making her blush after he had 
walked away.  "But you don't have to worry; he's my friend, and he knows 
that you're with me.  You have to relax and trust me, Beth."  Another 
slow song came on (lots of couples were in the house), and I asked Beth 
to dance with me.  She stiffened when I wrapped my hands around her waist 
and cupped her back.  "Put your arms on my shoulders," I instructed her.  
"No, not your hands," I corrected.  "Let me lead."  Beth had been dancing 
with Scott for so long, she must have forgotten how to romance in the 
slow dance.  A little later on, I was talking at the bar with Phil, 
another of my friends, and his wife, Heather.  We discussed the 
frightened Beth, and her inability to handle the atmosphere.  Beth stayed 
in the booth, trying to be invisible.

   Phil is a lean and muscular six-foot two, and he's got long, thick 
black hair that he ties into a shaggy ponytail.  His eyes are coal black, 
and he just has that... attitude about him.  All of my female friends 
tell me that he is _extremely_ good looking and _extremely_ sexy.  Crys 
positively drooled when she first met him.  Heather is much shorter, 
about five-foot seven.  She wears her brownish blonde hair straight, but 
it goes all the way to her butt.  Heather's eyes are sea-green, and she 
has an incredible sense of humor.  Heather is not gorgeous, although 
she's attractive enough; I've heard more than one woman say, "He's 
married to _her_??!!!"  She's a real sweetheart, and we go way back, to 
college days.  We've shared many a late-night exam week attack of 
munchies, and have partied together many times.  In the eleven years I 
had known her, we'd never "done it."  Somehow, it would've felt almost 
like... incest.  Phil was a fan of my band, and he volunteered his rather 
nice home for many post-gig parties.  I introduced them, and I'm glad 
Heather and Phil hit it off.  One more thing; Heather is bisexual.

   Phil said, "You _know_ she's looking at me."  Heather nodded at me, 
since she had the best view of Beth from the bar.

   A gleam came to Heather's eye.  She said, "We can use this."  Heather 
turned to me and said, "Let's get Phil to teach her how to dance right."  
Next slow song, we exchanged partners and danced next to each other.  
Beth was a little surprised, but her breathing sped up when I introduced 
her to Phil.  Phil encouraged Beth to watch Heather and me dance as he 
tried to keep her from waddling (now I know what Crystal meant by "ducks 
on drugs.")

   Heather and I just rocked slowly, and she looked at Beth.  "This is 
not romantic dancing, Beth, this is just a slow dance.  If you want to be 
romantic in a slow dance..."  Heather wrapped her arms around my neck, 
and buried her face in the side of my neck, simultaneously removing any 
space between us on the floor, and we slowed our movements further.  
After a few seconds, and a couple of good "dips", Heather said to Beth, 
"Now, why don't you try it?  First, dance slow with Phil."  Beth repeated 
the motions that Heather and I went through earlier, but with some 
reluctance.  Heather was a tough teacher, constantly correcting Beth's 
movements.  "No, that's not right, closer... don't rock so far to the 
side, and stop trying to get away from him like he's Pepe le Pew."

   Beth's dancing improved as Heather offered steady encouragement while 
using what she and I were doing as a constant example.  Soon Beth was 
rocking gently, easily, smoothly in Phil's arms, following his lead, and 
seemed to be much more comfortable with the physical contact.  Heather 
maneuvered us closer to her husband, and she leaned and said to him, "Now 
get _romantic_."  Phil immediately pulled Beth closer; her steps faltered 
as her eyes snapped open.  She regarded me pleadingly, then with shock 
when I didn't do anything.  Heather stopped dancing with me long enough 
to position Beth's arms correctly, then rejoined me.  The song ended as 
Phil tried to reestablish their movement.  Beth began to pull away from 
Phil, relief very evident in her face.

   The floor was full of couples who hadn't let go of each other, so the 
band started another slow song almost immediately.  Heather and I resumed 
our dance.  Phil recaptured Beth, who resisted.  He winked at Heather and 
me, and then Phil kissed his unwilling partner, grinding his pelvis 
against her.  Heather had bragged to me often about her husband's tongue, 
but how would Beth react?  Phil broke the kiss, and looked at Beth, who 
had essentially frozen.  He put one hand on her chin, and tilted her head 
back.  Heather and I watched Beth melt into his embrace, opening her 
mouth tentatively for another passionate kiss, which Phil was happy to 
grant.  He winked again when he broke the kiss.  Beth's eyes were closed, 
her mouth still expectantly open.  Phil supported Beth's chin as their 
mouths locked together.  He had one hand firmly above her hip and was 
kissing Beth as if _she_ were his wife.  Beth's eyes stayed closed, and 
Phil started to grind against her some more.  Beth's back arched a 
little, and she twisted her head responsively to Phil's tongue, meeting 
it with her own. 

   Phil dipped, bringing his pelvis in direct contact with Beth's.  Her 
legs spread a little, and she arched her back a little more, returning 
the grinding pressure.  The pair's tempo had slowed to almost nothing.  
Beth's mouth continued to work on Phil's buried tongue as they 
infrequently came up for air, alone in a sea of bodies.

   "Get you hot, chief?"  Heather asked as her leg brushed my erection.  
I had forgotten about my own dance.  Heather started to lead, and we 
rocked slowly.  Both of us had a good view of the limp, lost Beth, and 
the strong, handsome young man who had possessed her.

   "Yeah, pretty," I answered.  Beth's back arched a little more, and her 
hips were beginning to move in little circles.  Phil's back had arched a 
little, too.

   "She's nice," Heather whispered, although Beth was probably oblivious 
to our presence, aware of only Phil.

   I nodded absently, still feeling quite the voyeur.  Eventually, I 
remembered that Heather's _was_ bisexual; then the significance of her 
statement hit me.  I cautioned, "We'll see.  I can't make any promises 
for Beth."  The dance ended, but Beth's hold on Phil lingered as they 
were the last couple to leave the floor.  I could see the starry look on 
Beth's face as Phil gave her one final, deep kiss, then let go of her.  
She reluctantly released him, and they returned to the booth where 
Heather and I waited.  It was too dark to see the flush that I knew was 
on Beth's face.  Phil thanked Beth for the dance, and then left with 
Heather, leaving us alone.  Beth was a little out of breath, and 
carefully watched Phil leave.  She turned away from her departing dance 
partner, and the faraway, dreamy smile vanished instantly, replaced by 
panic as she saw me sitting across from her.  "Did you have fun?" I 
asked.
   
   Beth stuttered, searching for something to say.  I reached and touched 
her hand; she flinched at the contact.  "I'm glad you were able to just 
enjoy the moment," I said softly.  "That's an improvement.  Now let's go 
home."  Confusion filled her face, but I just smiled knowingly at her.  
She seemed to want to say something because her mouth was open.  No sound 
came out.  I stood and held out my hand to her.  Beth tentatively took 
it, and stood up.  I closed my hand gently on hers', and she _finally_ 
understood.  Slowly, desire replaced the confusion on her face.  She 
smiled, dangerously enticing.  I didn't think I'd have any trouble being 
in the mood for her tonight.  It was a very quiet ride back to my 
apartment.  "Have a seat in the living room, Beth.  I'll be ready for you 
in a minute," I said as I went into the bathroom.  She was waiting 
expectantly when I returned, and she had undressed.  I wondered if I 
should make her put her clothes back on so that _I_ could take them off, 
but decided that lesson could wait for another day.

   "Come on to bed," I softly urged.  She followed eagerly, a little bit 
too fast for my pleasure, but I was in a forgiving mood.  In all honesty, 
I was more horny than forgiving.  The feel of Heather's soft, long, long, 
long hair on my hands still tingled.  I kissed Beth on the cheek as we 
sat on the bed, then kissed her ear and softly told her exactly what I 
was going to do with her.  The flush began to reappear.  This was a 
_major_ difference between Crystal and her roommate: Beth's arousal was 
very easy to see.  I stroked her neck tenderly, then slid into dining 
position.  Beth moaned loudly when I stuck my tongue in her, lapped madly 
for a few seconds, then pulled away to kiss her belly button and torso.

   "Dooo that a-gainnn," she moaned.  She had to wait, though.  I got 
distracted when I discovered how much more sensitive Beth's breasts were 
compared to Crystal's.  Beth's whole body quivered and she whimpered when 
I licked and nibbled on her erect pink nipples.  My fingers ran around 
the fleshy globes, raising goose bumps.  When I teased the halo around 
her nipples, Beth grabbed me tightly and let loose a sharp cry.  Her head 
was thrown back and I felt her stomach tighten.  "Ohhh, gawwdd," she 
gasped, "Crystal was right."

   How in the world had she put up with somebody who hadn't figured out 
how sensitive her not-entirely -small breasts were over seven years?  I 
guess he didn't care.  Beth's chest heaved and she sighed loudly, 
encouraging me to continue playing with her upper torso while she stroked 
my head.  When I finally moved my head down toward her pouting pussy, she 
pushed at my head, raising her hips in anticipation. 

   Her moans turned into grunts as I fucked her with my tongue, bobbing 
my head, brushing her clit playfully with my moustache.  The tickling 
sensation drove Beth crazy.  She bounced on the bed panting, yelping and 
thrust her ripe clit at me.  I had never seen one so red and angry-
looking; I gently sucked on it.  Beth's body stiffened, convulsed, then 
her back arched and she howled.  Her pelvis oscillated wildly, forcing me 
to hold her hips with my hands so I could keep lapping in the proper 
places.  The bottom half of my face was getting soaked; Beth tasted even 
better than Crystal.  Beth collapsed back onto the bed, and I lapped more 
leisurely, savoring her tangy essence.  She sighed loudly with each 
breath.  I covered my fingers with her juices, and stuck them in her 
mouth.  Beth sucked avidly, obscenely, tasting her own inner nectar.  I 
had had to convince Crystal that it was okay to be lewd; Beth just needed 
an excuse.  This round blonde was a tightly wrapped bundle of sexual 
energy; it was going to be my pleasure to unwrap her, and find out what 
secrets were coiled within.  Beth wrapped her arms around me, purred, 
and... went to sleep.

   I lay next to her, aroused beyond belief, and she was -- asleep!  I 
waited for a little while, deciding to watch her and stroke her body.  
She soon stirred, and looked at me sleepily with a sexy smile.  "I don't 
know why Crystal would even _think_ about breaking up with you.  Is it 
always like that?"  Beth whispered that last sentence, and kissed me with 
parted lips around my face and neck.

   "No, not always.  Sometimes I'm not creative, and well... I'm human," 
I replied quietly.  "Beth, you've got to stop thinking of sex as 'it', 
OK?  That's not why Crys and I went out for so long, because good sex 
only goes so far.  On the other hand, if I know what you like, I'll make 
every effort to make sure you don't leave... disappointed."

   Beth gave me an open-mouthed sucking kiss, and began to rub her body 
against mine.  I got hard quickly just from her warmth, aroma, and 
presence.  "I'm sorry," she whispered, fondling my erection.  "It's just 
that... well... ummm...  I didn't mean to fall asleep."  She was 
apologizing; how cute!

   "Have you ever watched a guy come?" I asked.  Beth's eyes had that 
glazed, dreamy look some women get when they're in the mood.

   "No," she said, a note of disappointment (!) in her voice.  "But I've 
never tasted myself before, either."  Beth's eyes focused on me, sparks 
flying.  "Guess there's a first time for everything, huh?"  She began to 
kiss her way down my chest, but I stopped her with a gentle hand.

   "Beth, I want you to give me a hand job, but you should pay close 
attention to how I breathe, the sounds that I make, and the way my body 
moves at your touch," I whispered seductively.  "That's how you learn 
what makes me feel good."  Beth looked at me strangely, then smiled and 
ran her hand quickly over my erect cock.  Gripping it, she started to 
jack feverishly.

   "Not so _fast_," I instructed.  "Slower, and don't grip so tight."  
She complied, her fist moving slowly, and her efforts became a little 
more relaxed and leisurely.  A pearl of pre-cum appeared at the opening 
and Beth smeared it around the head with a finger.  She smiled as I 
shivered at the intense sensation, my breath catching in my throat.  Her 
body was slowly turning pink again.  My hips began to respond 
involuntarily, little whimpering sounds escaping my throat, but Beth 
pushed me gently back down to the bed, stroking my chest, using her nails 
lightly.  My eyes rolled wildly in their sockets, and my body trembled at 
the unusual stimulation.  Her eyes, half-lidded, were glued on my cock.  
She seemed hypnotized, a beatific smile on her lips, and her eyes were 
smoky; sexy.  More pre-cum oozed out.  Beth licked it off, swabbing the 
glans with her tongue.  I shuddered massively and gasped, "I'll come if 
you do that again," to warn her.  I was close.

   Beth engulfed the head with her mouth, and gave it a little, tiny, 
sucking kiss.  She looked at me mischievously.  I felt her tongue cross 
the rim and...  "Grxpfll!"  Nonsense shot out of my mouth as the rest of 
my body exploded.  Beth sucked gently for a couple of spurts, then aimed 
my cock at her chest, continuing her gentle pumping.  She squeezed the 
base, making me moan in pain, then let go.  A huge spurt hit her chin and 
dripped onto her breasts.  I finally ran out of cum, but not out of 
thrills as Beth continued to stroke the diminishing length of my cock 
during the super-sensitive phase.  She had learned very quickly about 
hand jobs.  I shivered uncontrollably, and Beth leaned over and kissed 
me.  I sucked on her tongue; she hadn't swallowed.

   When it truly was over, Beth whispered, "That was neat.  I liked it.  
Especially the part where you kissed me."  Her voice was throaty, and her 
arousal might as well have been displayed in big, flashing neon letters.  
My fingers began to tease her lower body now, returning the earlier 
stimulation in kind, masturbating her as we kissed.  Beth's hips pumped 
slowly, grinding against my hand, my fingers rocking up and down inside.  
She wasn't worried about fucking right now, and that was another good 
sign.  Her orgasm's approach was signalled by the increased ferocity of 
her kiss while I continued to stimulate her, flicking her swollen clit 
and its angry red bud gently, rhythmically.  She trembled silently, her 
warm, moist walls squeezing randomly at my fingers.  Beth relaxed with a 
throaty purr as her vibrations ceased.  The sheets were damp, we hugged 
each other without words among the sounds of sunrise, and went to sleep.

