                            Precious Jewels

   Crystal called a few nights later.  "Hi there, baby."  The way she said
it made my pants feel a little tighter in front.  "I can't come over this
week.  I'm having -- parental problems."  My heart sank a little.  "But if
you can come over here after work on Saturday, I _promise_ I'll make it up
to you."  The phone was smoking by the time I hung up.  I was also having
some trouble breathing.  Needless to say, I was _extremely_ distracted
during the gig on Saturday, and made dozens of careless mistakes.  It was
also the fastest load out in history.

   All my efforts at speed were negated by the police officer who stopped
me about a mile from Cryssie's place.  He wanted to make sure I wasn't
drunk, and then he saw all the stuff piled sloppily in the back of the van.
Here comes another cop, and here go the questions.  They said there had
been a robbery in the neighborhood and they wanted to look in my van.  I
was very hesitant because the equipment wasn't neatly packed, and opening
the back door without care could be expensive -- and painful to whoever
happened to be standing there when the sixty-pound speaker tumbled out.

   I was patted down, and the cop called in probable cause.  I very
politely, very _carefully_ warned the officer who was opening the back
door, but he ignored me, and the speaker hit him in the chest.  I
suppressed the smirk, swallowing viciously to keep from pissing him off any
further.  His buddy could snicker, but it would've been all over for me.  I
sat handcuffed in the patrol car while the two officers went over my van
with a fine-toothed comb, removing all the equipment, patting down the
seats, looking for hidden compartments, checking the ashtrays.  I wondered
cynically where the drug-sniffing dog was.  They weren't very happy about
my inability to prove that I owned the equipment, but they had to let me
go.  I had to reload _everything_ (by myself, of course) before I could
finish my trip, and I got followed (not very discreetly, either) to
Crystal's.

   I waved at the cop in mock cheerfulness when Crys opened the door.  She
pulled me inside as the cop shined his flashlight on us.  I was two hours
later than I had intended to be, sore from having moved the equipment, and
_very_ evil.  I tersely explained what had happened.  Crys just gave me a
slow, special, wet kiss, and said, "Come to bed."  She kneaded my back and
neck, cooing at me between kisses.  I went to sleep much more relaxed, and
_much_ happier.

   I woke up all alone in Crystal's bed.  The aroma of breakfast filled the
town house, so I got up, stretched, and went to the shower.  Crys greeted
me at the bathroom door when I was finished.  "You weren't supposed to be
up yet," she groused good-naturedly.  A long, wet kiss later she said, "Go
back to bed and wait.  I'm gonna bring you breakfast."  I hugged her, then
kissed her with obvious intentions.  Crys pulled away, giggling, "No,
that's not on the menu... yet."  I wondered where Beth was.  Crystal had
not mentioned her since our reconciliation, so I made a mental note to ask
her about her roommate -- eventually.  Crystal was trying to set a mood,
and I was positive that mentioning Beth would kill it.  After we had
finished breakfast, she left me alone and did the dishes, insisting that I
stay in bed.  She reappeared after a half-hour, and plopped onto the side
of the bed.  I remained prone while she sat with her back against my side.
"Don," Cryssie exhaled, "can we talk about Beth?  I mean, frankly, and
honestly."

   "That's a pretty serious subject," I replied.  "Are you sure?"  She
nodded.  "Well," I inhaled loudly, "it really _was_ purely physical.  Every
weekend we spent together would be at least ninety percent sexually
oriented.  I spent a lot of time, energy, and effort -- drawing her out."
I paused, looking for a reaction that wasn't there, so I continued.  "Beth
never seemed interested in more than that, and she was very --
entertaining.  She wasn't you by any stretch of the imagination, but her
penchant for submission was..."  I groped for the proper expression.
"Arousing.  But that wasn't quite it.  What made everything so --
inflammatory -- was her reaction to our sex."

   "I confronted her," Crys broke in.  Noting the expression on my face,
she added, "It wasn't violent or anything like that.  I told her I knew an'
I wasn't mad at her or you."  She grinned.  "Then I told her about
everything I knew.  You shoulda seen her face!"  Crystal laughed.  I had
trouble keeping a straight face too, given what I knew about discussing sex
with Beth.  After we had calmed down a little, Crys resumed her story.
"Y'know, you _really_ turn her on, Don.  Like -- she never thought she
could say no, or you'd drop her.  She freaked when I told her I'd done it
lotsa times when we were together.

   "Anyways, I talked with her about the videos, the night she watched us,
the dildo, and that I understood why she was so attracted.  She was
_reeeaaalll_ embarrassed, an' we wound up getting a lil' drunk, and then we
got horny talkin' bout'cha and Phil."  My imagination ran wild at this
point, despite my shock at Beth having talked about her experience with
Phil and Heather.  "Not yet," Crystal said as she noticed the effects of my
extrapolated musings.  "The question I have for you is: would you fuck Beth
again if you had the chance?  She wants to know, and I'm more than a little
curious."

   The right answer immediately came to my mind, and was erased by
recollections of Beth.  Her enthusiastic response to my touch; the
sensation of her plush body in contact with mine; the way she felt inside;
and the near-complete surrender of her body to me.  All of these memories
shot through me in a heartbeat.  My mouth worked furiously, but no sound
came out.  Crys put her hands on my chest and fixed me with her jet-black
eyes.  "Be honest with _yourself_, Don."

   "N-n-_yes_," I admitted, stung by my greed and lack of willpower, but I
couldn't lie.  Not now.  "If you want to call it quits, I understand," I
finished somberly.  Crys looked surprised; she must have expected me to say
no.

   "Quits?" she queried.  "Oh, no-no-no.  Not after what I've been through
this week," she exclaimed, shaking her head forcefully.  "Ohhhh, I seee..."
Crys leaned over and pecked me on the lips.  "You -- " she sputtered,
poking me in the chest, somewhat exasperated, "I already told you that I
understood what went on between you two.  I wanted an _honest_ answer,
not --"  She made quotation marks in the air.  "-- the _right_ answer.  I can
deal with your desire, just as you deal with my desire to fuck Phil.  I
don't act on mine, and you don't act on yours'."  She stroked my chest.
God, it had been too long!  Speaking softly, Crystal continued, "_You_ have
been extremely generous in granting fantasies for two county girls who
happen to be best friends.  What would I be if I got upset over you
_having_ a fantasy?"  She bounced to her feet.  "Be right back!"

   I began to rub my cock, eager to reacquaint myself with Crystal's body.
As the blood began to flow, I thought about what we'd do first.  "Hello,
Don."  My heart stopped at Beth's voice.  She had her wrists bound by light
blue pieces of silk.  The silk was the only fabric on her entire body,
which I noticed, was beginning to flush.  I started to make shooing noises
and gestures, but Crystal reappeared in the doorway.

   "Don," Crys began, "in the past year you've urged us to discover the
extent of our sexuality, indulged many of our fantasies, and put up with
some extremely stupid behavior.  We know that you had your own selfish
reasons, after all, comin' is a lotta fun, but we wanna say..."

   "Thank you," Beth concluded sweetly.  "We also know that you have a
favorite fantasy of two women at the same time.  Which we are willing to
grant..."

   "For _our_ own selfish reasons," Crystal finished.  My awe at what had
just gone on dissipated as Beth sank to her knees and started to fellate
the black dildo attached to a harness around Cryssie's waist.  "I'm only
going to do this _once_, Don," she warned.  "Show Don how you think of him
when he's not around," Crys urged her roommate.  Beth was giving Crystal's
ersatz cock a great-looking blowjob.  "Beth says this reminds her of you,"
Crys purred.  "_I_ think her memory has done some -- embellishing," she
added wickedly.

   I had stopped stroking myself, but my erection was almost complete,
spurred on by the fantasy unfolding in front of me.  I watched, so
spellbound that I barely heard Crystal say, "Present yourself to him, Beth.
You _have_ to suck his cock."  Beth stood up and walked over to me, arms
outstretched, seemingly led by her bound wrists.  I gently accepted her
wrists and Beth smiled.

   My cock got a little harder still.  "I'm going to fuck you 'til your
nose bleeds, Beth," I whispered.  Beth's nostrils flared; she was flushed
and breathing quickly.  Her ruby-red painted lips parted slightly and her
tongue made a brief appearance.  "Suck me.  _Now_," I commanded, pulling
Beth's wrists in the general direction of my erect dick.  She virtually
dove on it, fastening her mouth around it and sucking hard.  Crystal had
temporarily been forgotten.  "I want you," I gasped loudly as Beth sloppily
ran her tongue around the head.  "_Real_ bad mylittleblonde --
countybitch," I finished around the waves of pleasure Beth sent surging
through my body.  I didn't want to come in her mouth, I wanted to be inside
her marvelous velvet sheath.  "Sit on my cock and make yourself come,
Beth."  Crys pulled at Beth's wrists, and the flushed blonde girl released
my cock from her mouth with a loud smack.  Beth frantically rearranged
herself as commanded; the sexual chemistry between us was unaffected by
Crystal's presence.  I'd have Beth as often as Crystal would let me.

   Beth moaned as she knelt and mounted me, driving herself all the way to
my hips, welcoming me to the hilt.  I pulled at her wrists, Crystal
becoming immaterial again, and Beth and I kissed, greedy, frenzied, torrid.
Her hips began to rotate back and forth energetically as soon as our
tongues touched, vigorously stirring her wet, warm cauldron.  "Grab her
hips," was the next thing I heard; it was Crys' voice.  I did, pulling Beth
closer to me, forcibly reducing her mad thrusting to little bucking
motions.

   "MMMMMMFFFFF!!!!"  Beth tried to scream in my mouth as we kissed
passionately.  Her eyes had shot wide open.  My view of Crystal was
obscured by Beth and I didn't realize what was going on until I felt Beth's
body get pushed forward a split-second before her orgasm arrived.  It hit
Beth with devastating force.  "AWWWW-AWWWW-OOOOOOOAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!!!!" Beth
howled, sent into an intense orgasm by the additional stimulation of the
dildo Crys was thrusting up her ass.  Beth flopped her hips, banging her
clit violently against my pubic ring; a tremor tore through her body each
time.  Her cunt oscillated madly around my cock, the contractions of her
ecstasy rippling like waves.  "OHHH-OHHHHH!"  The near-orbital blonde woman
continued wailing like a banshee.  Her face said that ecstasy was her only
perception of self; her awareness of the outside world had narrowed to me,
Crystal, and the pleasure we caused to possess her entire being.  Beth's
juices slurped loudly, absolutely drenching my pubic hair.

   I inhaled very loudly and deeply.  My butt pressed forcefully against
the bed and the middle third of my body knotted up.  I drove my hips up
with a porcine grunt, then my whole body locked, going stiff as a board
when the first powerful contraction ripped through me.  "UH!" was Beth's
not-very-eloquent comment.  I gasped again, feeling the next contraction
begin deep in my nuts, almost painful in its intensity, focusing right at
my "cum switch".  Another whole-body convulsion, lead by the hips.  "UHHH!"
snorted Beth, who was far beyond coherent _anything_.  The intensity of my
ejaculation obliterated my short-term memory, eyesight, and voluntary
muscle control.  All I remember is that Beth was lying on top of me,
completely limp, almost deathly still; Crystal was beside me, panting
heavily; and I was aware that all three of us were soaking wet, and that
some unspecified interval of time had passed.

   Beth's dead weight didn't bother me a bit.  I couldn't move anyway, and
I really didn't have any desire to.  Crystal was the first to move.
"Idon't see-howyouguys," she panted, "can _do_ that.  Fucking Beth in the
ass was hard work," she complained, getting weak, soft laughter from me.  I
think Beth was unconscious due to sensory overload.  Beth was breathing,
but she hadn't moved yet.  "No, you can hold her, Don," Crystal quietly
said, placing my arms around her roommate.  "That was an in-fucking-
credible show, baby."

   "You helped," I gently reminded her.  I had absent-mindedly started
stroking the still-unconscious Beth.

   "She's really gorgeous when she comes," Crys said.  "I can see how that
would drive you crazy."  Beth had never had such a spectacular orgasm
before with me, but I didn't mention that to Crys.  Beth finally stirred,
rolling over onto Crystal.  She must have still been dazed, because she
kissed Crystal with passion.  I felt a little twinge of jealousy,
especially when Crys returned her roommate's affection.  My cock twitched.
"Beth," Crys gently said.  Beth's eyes popped wide open in shock, and she
blushed.  "I think that was meant for Don.  But since I fucked you too, I
accept the compliment."  Crys removed the dildo and harness.  Turning to
me, she said, "One of these days, I'm gonna do _you_."  I was half-erect
now.  "Outta the way, Beth," she commanded, moving to straddle my face.

   My tongue eagerly extended to her pussy, and Crystal happily lowered
herself onto my mouth.  She began to rock rhythmically, but I put my hands
on her hips, holding her gently to indicate that she shouldn't be moving.
I dug my tongue into our very warm, very wet, special place, twisting my
head slowly as I withdrew, trying to touch as much of her as I could.
Crystal's next breath took a two-octave jump.  She pulled her ponytail over
one shoulder, and began to tease my forehead with it, sending the blood
rushing to my dick.

   We looked at each other.  Crys smiled dreamily, and I took another long,
slow scoop at her with my tongue.  She sighed in a way that aroused me even
more.  I used the tip of my tongue to trace light circles just around the
inner edges of her musky pink portal, raising another squeak of pleasure
from her.  A shadow fell across my face, and Beth's distinct scent mingled
weakly with Crys'.  Beth opened her mouth, leaned to Crystal's chest, and
ever-so-slowly drew one of my girlfriend's nipples in.  My circles were
increasing in pressure, distracting Crys from the lesbian contact.  Beth's
head swirled around Cryssie's breast.  I could see her tongue occasionally
flick at an erect nipple.

   I interrupted my tongue's movements to deal with the increasingly
copious flow of Crystal's honey.  Crys bounced over my face a few times,
and she had managed to get one hand tangled in Beth's hair.  I started
making smaller circles, concentrating my efforts closer to Crys' tunnel,
using enough pressure to distort the shape of the engorged entrance as I
moved.  Beth had wrapped her arms around her roommate, who was now panting
for breath.  I stuck my scoop into Crystal as far as I could, and was
rewarded by her body's increased release of nectar.  I slurped avidly,
slowly running my tongue around inside of Crys.  She squeaked once, then
Beth kissed her again.  I shook my head crazily, tongue extended for a
brief time, then stopped; only to resume my buffeting of Crystal's inner
treasure scant seconds later.  Her butt vibrated while Beth stroked her
body gently.  More of Crystal ran onto my chin.

   I covered my fingers with Crys' musky excitement; Beth's ministrations
were causing Crystal to forget that there was a woman helping me carry her
to the summit.  My hand touched Cryssie's clenched butt cheeks.  She
moaned, and her butt relaxed at the contact.  I resumed Crys' beloved
circles with my tongue and pushed two fingers into her rear entrance.  Her
body froze, a gurgle caught in her throat, and... nothing happened.  I
moved my head a little, and my moustache brushed Crystal's clit with the
softest of touches.  She grunted and bucked once, completely embedding my
fingers in her ass, and grinding her cleft against my lower face.  She
moaned as her hips slowly rotated, the heat and moisture that came from her
felt like a humid summer day on my face.

   The aroma of the two aroused women had sent me into serious heat, but I
was trapped and could only continue to pleasure Crystal, stimulating her
ass with my fingers while she continued to thrust her pussy at my face.
Crys squeaked as her body jerked back and forth a few times, then let loose
a long, contented sigh.  She rotated her hips some more, finally deciding
to climb off after I removed my fingers from her rear end.  Crys washed my
face with her tongue, lapping at it with long, broad cleansing strokes for
a while.  Her lips eventually entered the play; her licks became kisses,
and our kisses became wet and deep.  Beth vanished.

   "I need to clean up a little," I finally said.  The women decided to
take a cigarette break, and they were both smoking leisurely when I came
back into the bedroom.  My erection had gone, but my cock was still full,
just waiting for the call.  Nobody said anything; the sexual tension in the
room elevated despite the silence.  All fuck (not hell) was going to break
loose.  We weren't finished yet.

   Crys made the first move.  She wrapped her arms around my neck and our
mouths melted together, tongues intertwining and circling slowly.  She
broke the kiss, keeping her arms loosely locked about my shoulders.  Our
communication was silent, our eyes full of desire, understanding and
happiness.  She leaned back, arching her neck gracefully, raising her
breasts and exposing her throat.  I buried my head in the middle of her
chest, supporting her with my hands in the small of her back.  Avoiding her
breasts, I slowly ran my tongue straight up to her mouth, sliding it over
her throat.  "Ssss-ooooooohhhhh..."  Crystal inhaled and moaned softly, her
body trembling at the sensation.  We kissed again, slowly, deeply.  As our
faces separated, Crys turned to Beth and seductively commanded, "Watch us."

   Crystal reclined lazily.  I climbed on top of her, grinding my full, but
not erect, penis against her leg.  My mouth danced along her neck and
shoulders; there was no hurry.  I found my head at her ignored chest, and
drew an erect nipple into my mouth, pulling at it gently with my lips
before licking the underside of her breast.  Cryssie arched her back, again
moaning sweetly.  Our movements were slow and patient.  We exulted in the
sensation of the other's skin as we slid against each other.  She opened
her eyes, deep, black, and faraway, wrapping her arms around my neck and
pulling my face to hers'.  Our lips and tongues met again, and I entered
her smoothly, easily, and fully.  I felt Crystal arch to meet me, raising
her hips reactively.  We settled into each other, not moving at first.

   I raised my hips, pulling almost all the way out, and sank back in as I
relaxed my hips with gentle deliberation.  Crys' hand slid off my back and
her limp arm landed on Beth's leg.  We looked at the rapt blonde, who was
watching us closely.  My hips rolled in a grinding circle; Crystal drove
hers' against me.  She grabbed Beth's hand with one of hers', and raked my
back lightly with the other.  Our fucking began in earnest.  I thrust at
her with short, but gentle strokes, the grind at the end taking more time
than the simple piston-like movement.  Crystal's eyes locked on her
roommate's, and she squeezed Beth's hand as her inner walls collapsed,
inner fibrillations matched by external vibrations.  Crystal closed her
eyes and her face twisted into that awesomely beautiful expression of
ecstasy I was so fond of.  I knew that Beth's presence drove Crystal's
release as much as my stimulation of her secondary pleasure center.
Crystal came quietly, the noise never making it to her mouth, trapped
somewhere in her vocal cords.  Her body relaxed.  She opened her eyes
slowly and let go of Beth's hand.  Cryssie smiled sleepily at Beth, making
me larger inside of her, then turned her attentions to me.
   
   Her eyes sent a message, primal and important.  My strokes shortened
further, our hips swayed in time, and Crystal and I made Beth disappear.
We kissed eagerly, sharing each other as fully as possible, time and space
rapidly distorting until we were alone at the center of a shared universe.
Suddenly, Crystal was everywhere to my senses; her teeth pulling at my
chest; her nails scratching my back, her tongue dancing along my neck,
earlobes and jaw, her high-pitched breathing in my ear.  Everything I
touched was Crystal and I shattered into a million pieces, my hips pumping
straight up-and-down arrhythmically, wet flame coursing through a conduit.
My sense of touch returned only ecstasy.  A sharp pain told me that it was
over, that I was totally drained and had nothing more to give.  Crystal's
gentle grasp told me otherwise, that we weren't finished.  I lay on top of
her; she bore my weight without complaint, tightening her arms around me,
sliding her body underneath mine for a little while longer.  We kissed
tenderly, still entwined.  "Kiss _her_ now, Don," Crystal purred.  Still
holding Crys, I leaned over.  Beth and I kissed, slowly, sweetly, and my
cock stirred again.  Crys fondled it very gently.  The three of us _still_
weren't finished.

                               Epilogue

   That was four months ago.  Crystal and I went out last night to party
with her ex-roommate.  We met her at one of the mixed bars in town.  Beth
saw us a we entered and eagerly waved us over to her table, where she
introduced us to her new roommate and companion.  Claire stood up, dwarfing
the three of us with her six-foot-plus stature.  Her brown hair came to her
shoulders and it framed an attractive face with rich, bright brown eyes.
She wore a pretty print shirt, and form-fitting gray pants.  We sat down,
and Claire lit Beth's cigarette.  She studied me for a moment, regarding me
pensively.

   "So you're Don," Claire said appraisingly.  She ran her tongue lewdly
around her lips.  "I'm gonna eat-you-up," she growled seductively.  Crystal
glared at her, but Claire quickly turned to Crystal while I tried to catch
my breath.  "_You_ don't know what you've been missing, and I'm gonna show
you how good it can be," Claire said, her voice a throaty, suggestive purr.
Crystal's eyes widened in shock.  I waited for Cryssie's angry response.  I
saw her black eyes flash, then unexpectedly narrow in defiant challenge.
Beth's nostrils flared, and I knew I was in _way_ over my head.




