Archive-name: Changes/crystala.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Crystal - Part 1


"Whats up Mom?", I asked, as I careened through the side door on
that blustery Friday in late January. I had just gotten home from
Wrestling practice and had my sixth match of the season the next
day. I had done very well in my second ,year of wrestling winning
five and tieing only one which coach expected me to lose. I was
lean and hungry. Five feet 8 inches tall and 126 pounds. It was
mid season and the 128 pound weight class in which I wrestled had
just gone to 132 Lbs. That meant that I could eat tonight. Dad
was sitting there at the dining room table, reading the paper and
looked up at me and shook his head. The guys hair styles had
switched to long hair last year and dad did not like it at all. 
Mine was not quite shoulder length and a beautiful light honey
blond. He had a very fixed attitude about sissy guys and never
missed a chance to express even silent disapproval. He knew I
wasn't a sissy, so it really confused him. He was about as proud
of me as any dad could be. It embarassed me when he bragged to
his friends how good an athlete I was. I had to admit I was not
bad. Second in cross country, All-Star Little Leauger now in my
first year of Babe Ruth. And potentially a championship wrestler
I liked the competition even thrived on it. The girls liked it
too I always had a girlfriend from kindegarten on. They were fun
to play with and the other guys were sometimes envious. At 14
years old the world was really great.

"A Chip Summers called and asked if you could babysit tomorrow
night at seven o'clock. Who is Chip Summers" mom asked. I told
her that Mr. Summers was a man Carol babysat for and he was
probably calling me because Carol was visiting relatives in Mt.
Kisco that weekend. Carol was my current girlfriend and I had a
very good feeling about her. She was also a star athlete and
somewhat a tomboy, which held a very strange attraction to me for
some reason.We had met in eighth grade and been seeing each other
ever since. That was just over a year ago and the longest
relationship I had ever had with any girl before. What mom did
not know was that Chip knew me because Carol and I babysat
together for Chip and Marsha Summers. Mom would have really
disapproved of that setup. I really liked Chip since he let me
come over when Carol was sitting and even drove me home after
dropping Carol off. He never said anything about Carol and I
being alone while they went out. Furthermore Chip was about 27
years old he insisted that Carol and I call him by his first
name. He would first drop Carol off then take me home. He loved
sports and was a star athlete when he was in college and still
worked out regularly. He was about 5'11 inches and very lean and
muscular.

"Hello? oh, hello Marsha, Mom told me that Chip had called and
wanted me to babysit tommorow night. I just wanted to tell you
that I would be glad to sit, I can really use the money." Being
an athlete really cut into any kind of wage earnings after
school. I wanted to take Carol to the movies again and my pockets
were empty.

"Chip will pick you up at 7 o'clock. We are going out to dinner
and then to a late movie and after that we are meeting some
friends at Hidaways for some dancing. Tell your folks that you
will be in by about 2 A.M. We will pay you a dollar an hour
after midnight."

I started calculating how much I would make, with tip, and felt
very pleased. The good feeling was supplimented by my feeling of
having just talked to Marsha. She always made me feel very
comfortable and at ease with myself. At 28 and a mother of 2
small children, she was probably one of the most beautiful, well
dressed, feminine, and nicest women I had ever known. She was
confident of her womanhood. When we talked the eye contact that
we had almost belied some hidden meaning. I sensed an attraction
somehow magnetic and very drawing something she felt for me but I
couldn't quite understand it. She was very sensitive and loved
her kids with a passion. Chip and she made a perfect pair. He was
a rising star Lawyer in Manhattan and was being considered for
full partnership where he was an associate. He made a lot of
money and had a beautiful house and car. In spite of his higher
than average salary for the area he was not snobbish in the
least.

Saturday's matches went very well. We won by 45 points and I got
another win with a pin which insured me a place on Varsity the
next week without having to go through wrestleoffs. What was
really nice was I did not have to pull weight for this match and
did not feel drained. On the contrary I felt envigorated. 
Chip pulled his Lincoln up to the curb outside the house and
beeped his horn.

"Hi how are you." "Have you told your parents that you will be
home late tonight, or rather tommorow morning."

"Yes," I replied, "They know about it, and it is ok with them."
"Would you like to meet them Chip?" 

"Ok." He said still with his bubbling character.
We went up to the house and my dad and he almost fell over one
another bragging about me. Chip was up on sports and knew about
my record. He was a very good speaker and knew human nature and
was at ease with everyone. He and dad struck it off right away. I
can't imagine anyone not liking him. After chatting for awhile,
Chip and I left. He grilled me all about the match, hanging on
every detail. He loved to listen and I realized that perhaps of
all the men older than myself I probably had more respect and
admiration for Chip than all the others put together.

We got to their tri-level home on the fashionable east side of
town in just a few minutes. As I got out of the car. Adam and
Sara came tumbling toward me as fast as their 5 and 3 year old
legs would carry them. I went down on my knees and opened my
arms. I really loved these two kids. My future goals wanted
desperately to have 2 kids just like these. They also loved me. I
was a kid's, kid. We tumbled around, I could make them laugh by
standing on my head and doing forward rolls. Sara was still at
the "peek-a-boo" stage, dissolving into a lump of giggles every
time we played. Adam liked that I could pull pennies out of his
hair and ears, and drove his parents crazy when I left trying to
get Chip to pull money out of his head.

Marsha came out of the house following her 2 wild-ones. I looked
up from underneath Adam who had me pinned. And saw Marsha
standing over us with a beautiful smile. She was breathtaking
wearing a grey silk dress and a black slip with garter stockings
underneath which I could easily see from my current strained but
enjoyable vantage. The sight and exhiliration began to tell in my
center, and I could feel my considerable maleness getting hard.
Since I was wearing a long coat, I knew it was not visible and
just enjoyed the feeling. We all trundled inside where there was
a warm fire in the fireplace. Marsha motioned me to the couch
while the two indians sat back down in front of the TV to finish
their milk and cookies.

"Make sure Adam goes to the bathroom before bed and make sure
Sara's diaper is dry or change it." Sara gave me all the
instructions I would need and admonished me for letting them stay
up in the past. The eye connection was there again and a deep
seated warm feeling came over me. I couldn't quite get a handle
on my feeling for Marsha. It was not really sexual at least not
like my developing feelings and experimentation with Carol.
Perhaps the feeling I had was a true love not complicated by sex
or even relationship. BUT IT WAS THERE!

Marsha got her mink short stole from the closet and in a few
minutes they were on their way. I picked up the scattered remains
of the cookies and took the glasses and put them in the sink.
Time for some fun with the kids then off to bed. We played with
the etch-a-sketch, and various put the peg in the hole games
until about 8:15 and I pronounced that it was time for BED. Not
welcome words for any kid, but I was able to bribe them with a
ponyback ride up the stairs. First I checked Sara's condition and
she was fine. Then I scooted Adam into the hall bathroom for his
duty. I routed around in the bathtub for the pottyseat which was
stored there when visitors came. Adam still had a slight problem
of falling through the hole. As I slid the glass door open I
noticed a pair of black stockings hanging on the towel rack. My
little girl inside swelled a little in her resting place in my
body and the very tip of my penis twitched at the sight. This was
something that I might check out later since I was alone and had
plenty of time. Adam finished his "duty" in grand style. I
marveled at the amount contained in that little body!

On a previous sitting job I had read a "Golden Book" to them and
now they wanted another. I flipped Sara into her crib and told
Adam that I would only read him a story if he would comb my hair.
He thought that was a fair deal and I went and got a brush from
the bathroom, again glancing at the stockings. After getting
through with "The Little Choo Choo" with several pauses to go
back and look at pictures, I noticed that Sara was sound asleep
and Adam's brushing was getting lethargic. So I tucked him in and
lit the Donald Duck nightlight and proceeded downstairs. I turned
the bathroom light off and paused at Chip and Marsha's bedroom
door, which was the next one down the hall. Carol and I had made
out on their bed once, until it got a little too serious for me,
but other than that I had never been in their room alone. I
pushed the door open and glanced in thinking of the wonders which
must be in the drawers and closets. I glanced around marveling at
the size of the room, about 20 ft square with what would later be
called a king sized bed on one wall. Behind the bed was all
mirror tiles from floor to ceiling. On either side were
nightstands which were part of the headboard. The nightstands
contained a stereo system on what must have been Chip's side.

There was what appeared to be a satin coverlet on the bed. And
pink satin sheets. The bed was a canopy type with sort of
curtains hanging down around the perimiter. If you were lying
down on the bed the top inside of the canopy was a large mirror
and you could stare up at yourself when you were lying on your
back. In the upper corners were 2 small stereo speakers on either
side. Along one wall were two walk-in closets with mirrors again,
from floor to ceiling which made the room look even larger and
disguised the closets behind. On the wall across from the bottom
of the bed was the entry door and also a bathroom/sitting area
door. Between the entry door and the bathroom door, was an
upright dresser which must be Chip's. In the bathroom, Marsha had
a wall to wall vanity area with stage lights and wall to wall
mirror. There was a shower and dressing area across from the
vanity. The shower doors were mirrors. When pulled shut, if you
stood at the vanity mirror, by getting at certain angles, you
could see images disappear into the vanishing point. In the
sitting area was a 3-panel mirror where you could see both your
back and front at the same time, and a clothes press type closet.
On the right side of the bed the wall was papered with fine rose
brocade wallpaper. In the middle of the wall was a bow window
immediately in front of which was a long low dresser which
apparently was Marsha's. It was a splended room, neither
masculine nor feminine but a blend of characters and certainly
set up for lovemaking!

I was very tempted to go over and investigate all the drawers and
closets but for some reason I felt like I was intruding and it
would be wrong.

I reluctantly went downstairs to watch some television and get a
Coke, which really was a no-no for a wrestler during the weight
pulling season. Heck. I did not have to make 128 anymore so the
treat would taste good! I settled down on the couch with my coke
and choclate chip cookies just as the "Saturday Night Movie" was
starting. The feature presentation was "The Five Pennies" which I
had already seen. I rifled through the magazine rack and settled
on a Cosmopolitan Issue for that month. Mom did not buy anything
but Woman's day and that magazine was pretty plain. The only
reason I liked Woman's Day was for the "You can build this (fill
in the blank) with simple hand tools" Cosmo was another story.
They always had a pretty girl on the cover and the list of
articles always interested me. I was chicken to buy the magazine
on the newsstand but never failed to scan the articles listed on
the front cover, while pretending to look at the "Popular
Science" magazine, or whatever was next to it. 

I stared wistfully at the beautiful blond woman in a strapless
sequined sheath dress on this months cover. The fashion section
feature this month was "Preview of Bathing suits for Spring" 
Yum--- Yum! One of my favoritist passtimes was to go to the shore
during the summer and rivit my attention on the prettiest girls
in the prettiest bathing suits from behind a pair of sunglasses.
The suits were fantastic! Bikinis so small they left little to
the imagination. A leapord Skin swimdress really caught my eye
and I wondered what it must feel like to wear a tight fitting
suit with panties under a very short skirt. I could feel my hands
trembling slightly at my fantasy thoughts.

"I wonder if Marsha has any suits like this that I might try on?"

The thought gripped me for a few seconds then subsided. I
continued to leaf through the Magazine until I came to the
"Maidenform" add. "I dreamt I was at a business meeting in my
Maidenform bra" the copy read. "I sure wish I was at the same
meeting.!" She had beautiful black hair and was sitting at a long
table with her suit jacket open exposing a beautiful, lacy, black
bra. The twinging between my legs was getting stronger. "I wonder
if Marsha has any bras like this?" I had never worn a bra before
and wondered what it would be like. I knew the little girl inside
me would love to try on a bra. I decided on a compromise. I would
go upstairs and find one of Marsha's bras and bring it into the
bathroom put it on the vanity and masturbate in the sink while I
imagined wearing the bra. That would not be violating any of
Marsha's stuff and I was an expert at this kind of self enjoyment
technique. 

I put the Cosmo back in the rack and proceeded upstairs. I walked
to the end of the hall and checked on the kids just to make sure
they were ok. I had plenty of uninterupped time since it was only
nine thirty and Marsha and Chip would be out till after midnight.
I pushed the bedroom door open and went in, closing the door
behind me so that the kids would not come in if they woke up.    
I decided to make a thorough investigation of the room. Starting
at the first closet, I opened the door to see about 30 business
suits. Chip had suits for every occasion even 2 tuxedos. Going on
to Marsha's closet, when I opened the door the sight fairly took
my breath away. The closet was filled with an assortment of
beautiful dresses, some plain and quite a number of beautiful
gowns. I reached out and touched one short pink cocktail gown
with billows of petticoats in the skirt. The stirring was
getting stronger. I carefully looked at each dress and skirt and
some beautiful lacy blouses. I felt that I had reached heaven. I
had never seen or been close to things this pretty. I closed the
closet and moved on to the nearest bedside table which I figured
was Chip's I opened the top drawer and found it contained some
current legal Periodicals and several Styles. Also there was a
box of TROJANS! Fantastic! Carol and I had been getting very hot
and heavy lately and I was far too embarassed to buy these things
in the store. Sooner or later I knew that I would need one of
these. I thought of taking one but decided that I would take one
later when I really needed one. I opened the second drawer and
there they were. At least 12 issues of Playboy Magazine! You
could not buy these in the open. The only place you could get
one was at the station and they were under the counter so you had
to ask and I COULDN'T DO THAT! 

My head began to get dizzy. I picked up the top magazine, which
was the current issue. I opened to the centerfold which was
legendary. Three whole pages of an Almost totally naked woman!
The closest I had come to seeing a totally naked woman was In a
cartoon sex book that I had found torn in half while walking
along the railroad tracks one day. All the pictures were really
illustrations like in the comic books. My mom had found the book
and absconded with it in a trail of "I'm getting rid of this
filthy trash" I could never understand how beautiful women could
be filthy trash. And why the Sears Catalog pictures of
undergarments was not filthy trash also.

I stared at the beautiful blond woman. She had only a brief
bikini on, and her bosom was bare and beautiful. My boyhood
twiched at the very end telling me it really liked this. I looked
at the other pictures in the layout. Something seemed missing or
wrong. The pictures were exciting me but somehow it was not as
intense as the woman in the Maidenform ad. This woman seemed too
perfect. Almost like the plastic dolls we played with when we
were kids. The part that I focused on the most and seemed to be
complete was the shiny triangle of the silver bikini she was
wearing. I wondered what beautiful thing that the bikini hid?
Making a note to follow up on the other issues I carefully put
the issue back the way it was and moved on.

On Marsha's side of the bed the top drawer contained a few
fashion catalogs and womens' magazines. Including a Women's Day!
There were a few Greeting cards mixed in. I opened one up and
found it was from Chip with a thank you for some memorable but
unnamed event. In the bottom drawer was a large plug in hand
massager with springs on the bottom, a small tube of something
called K-Y, and what looked like a riding crop with black ribbons
on the end.

Pushing the drawer shut, I moved over to Marshas dresser which
was my main objective for being there. I opened the first drawer
and it contained PANTIES! all different colors. I reached into
the bundle of softness and strains of fine perfume wafted up. I
again became dizzy with anticipation. I pulled one yellow pair of
panties out of the drawer and held them up to me they were nylon
and fairly plain. I put these back and picked out a black pair.
they were absolutly breathtaking to the girl who lived inside me.
I could feel her heart beating as it never had before. I looked
at the label size 5 / Maidenform!!! That settled it I was
definitly going to wear these beautiful panties and become the
Maidenform woman. "I dreamt I was transformed into the Maidenform
 Woman in Chip and Marsha's Bedroom". They were very, Very fine
nylon weave (not like the coarse weave nylon my mom had from the
5 and ten.) At the leg openings, a pleated band of stiffer sheer
nylon about an inch wide all the way around to the back. At the
waistband was a short sheer skirt which came almost to the leg
openings on the side and extended halfway down the back. The
skirt portion joined in the front forming an inverted v up to the
waistband.

I closed the drawer and went over to the bed. I removed all my
clothes and carefully laid them out on the bed so I could get at
them quickly if If Chip and Marsha came back early. I glanced at
the clock on top of Chips dresser. 9:45 still plenty of time for
this excursion into wonderland. I wandered over to the closet
mirrors and slipped the panties on. I became very excited. My
heart was beating till I thought I was going to faint. When it
settled down a bit a wonderful warm feeling enveloped me. They
looked right on me They looked natural. Whats more they felt
good. I could feel the stiff netting on my nearly hairless legs.
I took a few steps and the netting brushed against my legs.
Wonderful! My mind thought of Marsha's womanhood. Her most
private and wonderful part had been where my most private and
wonderful part was now. That was as it should be! My woman had
adjoined hers. I reached back and put my hands on the skirt and
felt the luxurious smooth feeling of the nylon on nylon. I tore
myself away from the mirror lest I have an accident in these
lovely panties. Back to the dresser again. The next, and larger
drawer held an array of nightgowns some satin some nylon, and
some even looked like SILK. "I wonder if Marsha would miss any of
these If I borrowed one?" I would come back to this drawer but I
was looking for a bra for a very express purpose. The next drawer
contained foundation garments. Bra and girdle all in ones some
fit on the whole body and some were short with just the bra and
garters. This was more like it, But I really wanted to have a bra
something like the "Maidenform Woman" Closing the drawer, I moved
on to the next drawer. Jackpot! About 10 bras were in the drawer.
Also in there were some lacy garterbelts. I picked up each bra
and looked at it. There was a black one which had the same
netting as on my panties. THIS IS IT! The one I had been looking
for. The tops of each cup had the same stiff netting but without
pleats. The bottom of each cup was made of satiny nylon like my
panties there was some padding at the bottom of each cup on the
inside. The label said 36 B/Maidenform. Now I could become the
Maidenform Woman in the magazine. I could not hook the narrow
band in the back! I had to hurry! I hooked the band in the back
and swiveled it around to the front and snaked my arms in to the
straps. The bra sat too high on my chest and looked congruous. I
adjusted the straps to the the full length and pulled the bra
down over my tits. Perfect fit! The cups were not full enough but
the size was otherwise right. "I think I'll try on the garterbelt
also. This is really fun! The garterbelt I chose was very much
like the bra. It was made of black fine nylon with an embroidered
rose above each of the 4 garters. I had to put it on backwards
and slide it around. The garters hung down and tickled my legs. I
closed my eyes and turned around and eased my way across to the
other side of the room with the mirror wall. I opened my eyes.

With just bedside lights on the sight when I opened my eyes took
my breath away. My stomach sucked in my heart beat wildly. I was
a woman! My penis was hard and extended up the front of the
panties stopping above the v of the panty skirt. I shook my head
my hair brushed my sholders. I dipped my head down, my long hair
cascading forward. It was too much for my boy but my girl was
laying down somewhere between my groin and my brain luxuriously
writhing from side to side. I knelt down on one knee since if I
did not I would buckle. I had to sit down. I crawled over to
Marshas easy chair near the dresser, and pulled myself up. My
heart was pounding it hurt. I closed my eyes my boy was very near
ejaculating in the panties. That thought seemed like a
desecration. I do not know how long I sat there in a swoon
however, I came to with the very warm feeling of womanhood back
in my brain. I crossed my legs and glanced down at the bra and
panties. My mind wandered to Marsha. I ........... MY GOD! She
can see me. The thought was very fleeting. Almost telepethically
I felt that Marsha and I were sharing the same thought at that
same moment! Rediculous! That is just my mind on overload! My
nerves. I got up and walked over to Chips dresser. Only 10:00
P.M.

"Well as long as I am this far I might as well see what a dress
will look like. Marsha is about the same size as I am and those
beautiful dresses in the closet are there for me to try on. If I
don't do it tonight I will probably never get another chance."
I pulled the closet door open again and began going through the
dressy dresses one by one. My mind wanted something in black to
match my black panties, garter, and bra. There were several black
dresses, most had buttons in the back and knowing how much
trouble I had had with the bra I dedided on one which had no
buttons in the back. It was a cocktail dress. The front of the
dress was fairly low cut but buttoned, or rather hooked up the
front to the low scooping bustline. The material of the bodice
was some sort of stiff, boned material in the midriff. The bodice
was satin lined with black lace over the whole front down to the
waistline. The back was high and came up to a collar which was
narrow and buttoned around the neck the effect was a large
opening to the bustline in the front and a narrow collar. the
sleeves were of clear net puff type black nylon and I wondered if
my arms would go through the elastic which formed a ruffle about
midway down the upper arm. The skirt portion of the dress was
made of soft shiny black velvet in the form of a fairly tight
sheath with two peplum type short overskirts of the same
material. The skirt was lined with black acetate, which rustled
delicously when I shook the hanger. The whole dress appeared to
be handmade. This was definitly the one I wanted to try!
I slipped the skirt down over my head and resisting the
temptation to look in the mirror. I hooked the hooks in the front
which were then covered over with small buttons covered with the
same material as the bodice. I did not look in the mirror but
took a few steps, and almost fell. The sheath which came down to
just below my knees, restricted my normal stride the feeling was
delicious. The underslip of taffeta made a rustling noise and
felt good on my naked legs. I turned to look at myself in the
wall mirror and there stood a rather beautiful, boyish looking
woman. My boy was not excited. The earlier hard-on (The size of
which was the envy of most of the other boys who had not started
to develop) was gone. He was soft but very content in his nylon
prison. "My feelings have been replaced by the feelings of a
woman." "I feel right." "I feel complete" "I feel warm and very
small inside."

To complete the job I knew I must have those seemed stockings
that were dangling in the hall bathroom. I opened the bedroom
door leaned my head out and glanced at the half open kids bedroom
door. I waited a few seconds and there was no noise coming from
their room. I tiptoed toward their room with just the teltale
rustle of the slip making any noise. I slipped into the bathroom
and shut the door before turning on the light. I did not want the
kids to wake up with the bathroom light shining in their doorway.
I pulled the door of the tub open and carefully lifted the
stockings off the towel rack inside the shower. I did not want to
put any runs in the stockings although I thought to myself that
if I did I could lay them on the floor and Marsha would probably
think that I removed them when I got Adam's potty seat out. I put
one of my hands in the stockings. They were very, very sheer.
This would be another first for my little girl. Except for make-up, and shoes 
this would complete the transformation. Then I 
would hike the skirt up and let this beautiful girl stroke the
boy inside to a delicious climax. The garters covered with satin
ribbon were dangling somewhere up under the dress. I hiked the
dress up in a bunch at my waistline. Gosh! the dress fits
perfectly. Leaning back against the sink and counter on the rear
wall, I carefully bunched one stocking up and slipped the
reinforced (but still sheer toe and heel) over my foot and pulled
the stocking up my leg the reinforced top came almost up to the
panties. I had to shorten up both the garters so that the
stocking would not sag. When I got that done I worked on the
other leg. I had only a little bit of hair on my legs and what
there was was short and blond. I turned to look in the mirror
over the sink on the back wall and was disappointed that I could
not see my legs. I stretched up as high as I could but could only
see a little of the stockings. I looked down at my legs and could
see that the tops of the stockings were not showing. The "mice"
as Carol called them, made little bumps on the velvet on the
outside of the dress. "I feel good." "I feel right." "I feel
SEXY." "The boy who's sole I reside in is not sexually excited as
he was before." "I wonder if I can excite him." I looked in the
mirror above the sink and slowly turned from side to side to see
the overall...............

"Earl are you in there?" it was Marsha's voice!

"Oh, God in Heaven what am I going to do now? Why didn't I hear
them?" I realized that the exhaust fan was making enough noise to
obliterate sounds outside the room. I thought of my clothes
carefully laid on the bed for fast change.

"How could I have lost track of time so badly? It couldn't be
that late!"

My heart was beating so wildly that I thought that I was going to
die. I glanced around. There were no outside windows. On the
ceiling was a small air conditioning return duct, but I could not
have gotten through that. There was no escape.
"Maybe I should get naked and put the clothes in the bathtub.
Being naked is probably better than being caught this way. But
how do I explain that" My mind was racing for an excuse. I could
not think of anything.

"Earl are you alright?" It was Chip's voice this time.

I had to answer. I croaked out "Yes Chip I'll be out in a
minute." I hadn't spoken in probably 2 hours and my fright was so
complete that my voice took on an alarming croaking sound.
I heard Marsha take the few steps down the hall and open the kids
room door. I also heard Chip push the bedroom door open.
".........Maybe if I make a break of it I can make the front
door?" Then what? outside-shoeless-in probably 20 degree weather,
œI heard Chip just outside the door and heard Marsha close the
kids room door. Chip said something to Marsha about clothes I
could not hear the whole exchange but Marsha said something back
to Chip. Maybe I could pretend to be taking a bath. Crap! I was
caught!

Marsha tapped lightly on the door. "Earl are you sure you are OK?
Your voice sounded very strange, honey!"

"Honey! She called me Honey! Her voice sounded very soft and
soothing." Maybe she might understand. GOD NO! Even if she does
Chip is a man and he won't understand!

"Please open the door so I can see that you are OK." Marsha said
softly.

I really had no other choice. I had to open the door sometime. I
just hoped that they would not tell my mom or dad. I knew that I
would never babysit here again. Although I didn't think that
there was anything wrong with the feeling I had for my girl
inside I had no doubt that Chip and Marsha would think that I was
crazy and not ever have me back.

"Please, Honey, open the door, It's OK." a very soothing voice
implored.

I heard Marsha say something else to Chip and decided that I
would take the consequenses.

Breifly I turned around to glance in the mirror one more time to
see what was there and I saw a very frightened looking boy in a
woman's dress" Not bad but still a boy dressed as a woman.
"Marsha I am going to open the door." I said, My voice had
settled down again but my heart was in my throat.

I turned the knob and slowly opened the door. Marsha was standing
right there in the doorway and Chip was leaning back against the
wall on the other side. I saw Marsha's eyes widen as large as
frying pans. She just stood there. Slowly with a twinkle in her
eyes, a smile began and it got bigger and bigger. Chip started to
laugh and I-----------------STARTED TO CRY.

BIG tears welled up in my eyes, they blurred my vision. I hung my
head down and put my face in my hands and just sobbed. My body
was heaving with deep sobs. Again I felt faint but this time it
was with mental exhaustion. I felt very tired all of a sudden and
thought I would crumple up on the floor in a puddle of sobs.
I felt an arm going around my back, and a hand lifting under my
chin. I kept my eyes closed tight with tears streaming down my
cheeks. My head came up and the hand under my chin went around my
back. My head settled down into a world of perfume and sweet
clean smelling hair. Marsha was holding me up with both arms
tightly around my back.

"It's OK sweetheart," she soothed softly in my ear. "Please stop
crying. I understand." I was not in the real world. This was all
a bad dream.

"It's OK. It.s OK, honey." The words began to sooth my injury.
"Please stop crying you are going to ruin my dress. You're also
going to ruin your dress, which is a designer original." Slowly
my sobbing subsided to small wimpers. "You look better in that
dress than I ever did," her voice had a little cheer and lilt to
it. "I've never liked it."

Slowly she released her grip on me but grabbed my arm thinking I
might fall. I opened my tear sodden eyes to see Marsha's face in
front of mine a few inches away. The smile was still there but
had a totally different feeling. The sole contact that I had felt
before was back. I could not for the life of me figure out why. I
had trespassed into her world without permission. My boys mind
saw that as a violation of her private world.

"Come on honey, lets go downstairs and sit and talk for a while,
Chip and I both think the world of you and this does not make any
difference. I think I understand." This cannot be happening. My
boys mind was feeling and reeling with all sorts of emotions now.
Swimming in a totally confused state. I began to walk out of the
bathroom door with Marsha still holding my hand, more or less
supporting and leading me. "What a wonderful woman." I thought to
myself as my wits were coming back. I could not beleive that God
had created such a perfect being. As if she were reading my mind
she squeezed my hand.

I had a little bit of difficulty getting down the stairs in the
tight sheath dress. This was the first time I had ever worn a
dress muchless ever tried to negotiate stairs.

Chip was at the bottom of the stairs and his laughter had been
replaced by a large grin. "A friendly grin." How can you also
accept this in another man?" I thoutht. As Marsha, still guiding
me by the hand passed by Chip, he reached up and softly put his
hand between my sholders and ran it very slowly down my back and
over my fanny. I could feel the layers of nylon and satin rub
under his touch. It a was forceful yet tender motion.

"What" was I feeling?????? All of a sudden with a mixture of
disgust? confusion? revulsion? PLEASURE? I realized that he was
looking at me as a woman or girl AND NOT A BOY! My mind on this
night of rollercoaster emotions was again alert and thinking. No
It was not disgust! Then what was it? The little girl within me
sprang to life. She had been hiding in the deepest recesses of my
body. I felt her start to bloom like a flower after a thunder
shower. I shivered under his touch. I saw Marsha respond to my
shiver and glance at Chip. The glance was like a warning, It was
as If she was still reading my mind. Chip removed his hand from
my fanny and just followed Marsha and I to the couch. I again had
some difficulty sitting down. I akwardly pulled the dress up
slightly and tried to sit down but rather flopped onto the couch.
I thought the skirt had ripped but a glance showed me that it had
not. Chip sat in his chair across from the couch. He was staring
at my legs and I realized that the skirt had hiked up to show the
garters and Marsha's stocking tops. I felt somewhat exposed and
squirmed to get the dress modestly down. My girl was again
returning and had a grip on about one half of my emotional being.
Marsha sat down beside me on the couch and put her arm around
me. All this took just a few minutes but seemed like an eternity. 
She turned to me and looked me in the eyes, a deep penetrating
look, a knowing look, a friendly look.

"Do you know that I can feel your thoughts, Honey? I like your
thoughts. I can feel the struggle of two soles within your one
sole. Whenever I look at you I have a very good and fond feeling.
The feeling is that God created something very special in you"
Her voice went on in very soft manner.

"The reason we came home Is that I got an alarm feeling that you
were afraid. After we got out of the movies. I was not as tuned
into you as when we are together but, a fleeting feeling of alarm
crossed my thoughts then went away." I remembered sitting in the
chair and thinking with alarm that she could read my mind and
could discover me.

She continued "I have a very good feeling about you. Whenever I
am near you I feel contentment of being with a very complete
person. I like when you are with my children. I have watched you
with them and you make them feel secure and happy."

I finally had composed myself enough to get out a few words my
fright and confusion was becoming the same warm inner glow again
under this wonderful womans massaging.

"Marsha, I'm sorry I am wearing your beautiful clothes. I feel
like I have cheated in some way."

"Why?" she asked. "You are a beautiful person. I know of your
'girl' within your spirit. She is lovely. A devilish sprite. She
does not compete for your maleness. She adds to it. Magnifies it!
The clothes are suitable for her. She has a very elagent
personality. You are a very beautiful male person. I am very
attracted by your maleness, as perhaps you have noticed. Your
beauty expressing your feminine being within completes the male
that you are."

I had never given the 'whys' much thought. Marsha seemed to be
telling me what I was feeling and the whys involved. 

I will help you to become more complete as a feminine person. I
am an expert by many standards and I would take great delight in
your happiness expressing your femininity. It is only 11:00
o'clock and we have several hours yet this evening to explore
more of this world you find so intreguing. I'm just glad you are
not hurt. I got very worried when I flet your alarm. Come lets go
back up to the bedroom and play a little."

"I love you Marsha" I said sincerely.

"I love you too......." I could see her thinking. "....Crystal!
Yes that is a beautiful name I'll call you Crystal."

She reached up and softly ran her hand down my cheek, with a
twinkle in her eye. I think it was a tear.
(To Be Continued)

--
