         Curiosity Killed The Cat...  But It Didn't Break Crystal

   I invited her to dinner that Friday; the band had the weekend off.  I 
said we could figure out what else to do that night after the meal.  She 
requested that I pick her up at a bar downtown.  ("Happy hour after work 
with my department.")  She wasn't shy about being with me, despite the 
differences in our skin colors.  In fact, I got the distinct feeling that 
she was showing me off.  This was a good sign.  I got some real dirty 
looks from one of her male coworkers, but we left before he got the nerve 
to say anything to either of us.  We made small talk while I cooked, and 
Crys babbled enthusiastically about her job.  As we sat at the table 
after dinner, Crys lit a cigarette, and studied me carefully for a 
moment.  "Yes?" I asked, not being able to read her face.

   "I was just... ummm... wondering..."  She paused.  "I mean, you're 
like _sooo_ different from anybody I've been out with before."  Crys 
glanced around nervously and lowered her voice.  "I mean, like... the 
watching thing, and, and... all that."  I started to explain the 
difference between sex and fucking, and told her that the brain was the 
most important sex organ.  She listened attentively as I explained how 
watching the woman I was with enhanced the experience for me.

   As the discussion continued, Crystal got a little bolder and began to 
talk more, seeming more at ease with the subject of sexuality.  She 
finally got brave enough to tell me how she had felt on Sunday.  Crystal 
said she still thought she looked stupid when she "suckedyour... you 
know."  She also admitted that she was "kinda grossed out" when I came on 
her face.  "But then you kissed me like I was still attractive n' sexy 
and I didn't know what to think," she confessed.  "But it made me feel... 
I dunno.  I didn't feel so -- weird -- after that."  The result of our 
discussion was that she didn't quite understand what watching did, but 
she was willing to admit that it did something for me.
   
   "So what do you want to do tonight, Crys?  I'm brain-dead after that 
discussion, so you pick," I kidded her.

   She ran her hand through her straight black hair, which I noticed 
hadn't been cut that week.  "After that marvelous dinner, I'm feeling 
real lazy.  Do we have to go out, or can we rent a couple of movies, 
maybe?"  Off to the video store we went.  I headed for the comedy 
section, Crystal by my side.  She tugged at my arm as I looked for 
something light.  "What's back there?" she asked, pointing to a 
curtained-off room.

   I didn't even raise my head to see what she was talking about.  
Without interrupting my search for something funny, I replied, "Oh.  
That's the X-rated movie section."

   "Really?  They have X-rated movies here?" she asked quietly.  Then she 
abruptly let go of my arm.  "I wanna see," she said, sounding like a 
little kid.  Before I could do or say anything, she walked behind the 
curtain.  A middle-aged man and two pimply-faced college boys quickly 
walked out.  I sighed and went in after her.  Crystal was studying a box, 
and giggled.

   "Had your fun yet?  You embarrassed those guys to death," I said in 
mock annoyance.

   "I'm sorry."  Crystal blushed.  "Ummmm... ummmm..."  I waited while 
she stuttered for a few more seconds.  "Can we -- ummm -- rent one?"  
Quickly she added, "I've -- ummm... never seen one.  They don't have them 
at Blockbuster.  I'm -- well -- curious."  I shrugged to indicate that it 
was OK, but she pushed the box at me.  "You have to pick one.  I don't 
know what's good."  With that, she breezed out of the room.  I sighed.

   As I handed the box to the clerk, she smiled and said, "You're a two-
for-one club member.  You can get another video free."  I turned to 
Crystal, who apparently misunderstood.  Before I could say anything, she 
went back into the X-rated room and came out a few seconds later with 
another box.  The clerk gave me a, "Boy, are you going to fuck tonight!" 
look as she took the second box.  Good thing I can't blush.  Crystal 
moaned when I later explained that my free video didn't have to be X-
rated.

   "Are you sure about this?" I asked as I went to start the tape.  She 
nodded nervously.  The first scene was a prolonged sloppy blowjob, which 
got no reaction from Crystal.  On the other hand, I shifted position to 
accommodate the growing bulge.  Next was another blowjob.  Little Oral 
Annie was the giver, and Crystal gasped aloud as the guy's _large_ dick 
disappeared down her throat. 

   "How -- ?!!" she exclaimed.  I didn't say anything.  Hell, I don't 
know.  Before Crystal could ask me again, she put her hand over her mouth 
as the guy on the screen began to cum, and Annie sucked greedily on it.  
"Ohhh myyyy gawwwwd," Crystal whispered in shock, "she's -- she's..."  
Crys couldn't even finish the sentence.  My erection throbbed, painfully 
trapped. 

   The video couple rearranged themselves and got ready to fuck.  "I can 
stop it n-" 

   "No," Crystal whispered.  Her eyes were glued to the screen, and she 
was barely breathing.  I had no idea what was going on in her mind.  The 
guy came again, and the scene ended.  Crys absent-mindedly reached for a 
smoke.  I was already on fire.  We watched for a little while longer, and 
two women started kissing.   Crys smoked faster.  The women undressed and 
moved into a sixty-nine.  "Euwwww, _gross_," Crystal said, getting up and 
walking out of the room, her disgust evident.  It was _not_ the time for 
me to point out that she loved it when I did it.  I turned the tape off.  
"No," Crys sighed, "you can just fast forward past that part."  We 
watched as a couple got watched; some (lucky) guy got one woman on his 
face and another on his dick; and a lone woman masturbated.  The movie 
ended with a couple making love.  "I need a break," Crystal announced, 
and headed to the john. 

   I wasn't sure at that point whether or not to put the next tape in.  
One thing was definite.  I needed relief.  Crystal came out, smiling 
shyly.  I kissed her as we passed in the hall.  She responded briefly, 
teasingly, then broke away.  When I came out, flaccid and frustrated, 
Crystal was starting the next tape.  "You haven't missed anything yet," 
she said.  Her hand landed gently on my thigh as I sat. 

   We watched people go through their sexual paces again; Crys was silent 
through the first part of the movie.  She was -- somewhat clinically, I 
thought -- just watching the movie.  She didn't say anything during the 
lesbian scene, but it involved three women and strap-ons.  No pussy was 
sucked.  Crys moved a little closer to me as a really attractive woman 
began seducing a man.  Before long, the on-screen seduction had 
succeeded.  Crystal idly stroked my chest through my shirt.  The scene 
involved extended foreplay; before the video couple got past theirs, we 
were involved in our own on the couch.  I sighed as Crys removed my shirt 
and started kissing my chest.  She licked and sucked gently on my 
nipples.  Crystal pinned my arms down, kissed me gently, then shut off 
the tape and TV. 
   
   Her hands were in my lap, undoing my pants while she leaned against 
me, kissing me aggressively.  One arm was trapped by her body, and almost 
all of her weight kept me from moving.  Then I had a revelation; Crystal 
was emulating the seduction we had just watched.  Crystal's mouth, lips, 
and tongue were playing down my chest.  I stroked her back absently, 
because she was still dressed.  She tugged at my boxers; I moved to let 
her remove them.  I started to unzip her dress, but lost any ability to 
concentrate when Crys slurped my half-erection into her mouth.  She 
sucked fiercely on it, running her tongue around it, teasing the crown 
and rim (and me).  Finally, she took half of it in her mouth, her head 
swirling above my lap.  She pulled up, and rubbed my erect cock gently.  
Crystal looked up at me and smiled.  I smiled back.   Her hand slid 
easily along the expanded organ, setting the nerve endings to flurry of 
intense activity.  I had never felt this erect in my life. 

   "Watch me," she whispered, before resuming her slow, sloppy, sensual 
blowjob.   I caressed her silky black hair as she thrilled me with her 
mouth.  Her eyes sparkled devilishly as she alternately licked and sucked 
my cock.  Her head descended slowly, and the tip of my cock hit the back 
of her mouth.  Crys hesitated, started to go further, then abruptly 
stopped and pulled her head back quickly, gasping, "Notyet."  Crystal ran 
her teeth around the tip, then engulfed as much of it as she could in a 
swirl of black hair.  I sucked in a _lot_ of air, and fought the urge to 
come. 

   I really wanted to warn her that I was _way_ over the edge, and I was 
going to come in gallons all over her.  The only sound I could manage was 
an incoherent gurgle; Crystal was bobbing her head quickly, sucking 
gently on the top half of my cock, while she jacked furiously at the 
base.  I came.  I had no idea who I was, where I was, nor did I care.  I 
whimpered at each powerful contraction as wave after wave of pleasure 
surged through my body, and I lost my sight.  When it returned, Crystal 
was looking at me strangely.  I saw some come around her lips, but none 
anywhere else, and soon realized that she had swallowed as much as she 
could.  I also realized that she had tried to act out what she had 
watched earlier, and come pretty damned close.  A voice from far away 
queried hopefully, "Would you kiss me?"  Our mouths met, tongues fighting 
for a long time.  I was stoned and out of breath after we separated. 

   "I've -- ummmm... never done anything like that before," Crys said 
after catching her breath.  "It tasted kind of funny, but it's not 
disgusting like I thought it would be."  She lay her head on my shoulder.  
"Can I spend the night?" 

   "Ohhhhh... shiiit..." I sighed.  "Crystal, you can spend fucking 
eternity here.  That was fantastic." 

   "Really?  I -- ummm -- saw it in the movie, and I was... kinda 
curious, y'know?"   Crystal snuggled against me, still dressed, and 
started the video again.  Thoroughly sated, I started to go to sleep 
leaning against her.  She kissed my forehead and cuddled quietly, 
apparently content to let me sleep.  I was completely happy, Crys was 
holding me, I felt really warm and... 

   Crys nudged me, waking me up.  She kissed me forcefully to speed up 
the process, running her hands around my bare chest.  "You've been asleep 
for an hour.  Enjoy your nap?" she asked me after a while.  I had started 
to get hard again from her kiss, but there was no need for me to be 
greedy.  I slid onto the floor. 

   "You're still dressed," I said, looking casually over my shoulder.  
The next sound I heard was a zipper.  I felt the sofa cushions move, and 
Crystal's dress hit the floor next to me.  The snapping sound indicated 
the removal of a bra, and she hit me in the back of the head with it.  I 
turned around quickly and grabbed her panties; giggling, she wiggled to 
help me pull them off. 

   "C'mere," she purred.  I pushed her legs apart and dove in, nose 
first.  "Ohhh you're soooo kinnn-keeee," was her reaction.  After a pause 
while I kissed her thighs, she said, "And sooo am I..."  She hiccuped in 
the middle of "I"; I brushed her clit with my tongue.  I used long, 
broad, flat strokes around her inner thighs, teasing her most sensitive 
regions.  "Ohhhh, l-i-i-i-ick it!" Crystal protested. 

   I stopped to look at her with a grin.  "Lick what?  Be specific, 
Cryssie," I teased. 

   She opened her eyes, shooting flame at me.  "Lick -- my -- _pussy_," 
she elaborated.  Crystal pushed my head toward her fragrant sex, then let 
go.  I took the hint and ran my tongue along the outside of her labia.  
She sighed loudly, lazily running her hand along my head.  I pulled on 
her lower lips gently with my mouth, tickling her soft black pubic hair 
with my tongue. 

   I worked at pleasing her, exploring her extensively with my tongue, 
noting every little sigh and squeak she made.  I stopped to look at her, 
letting her come down for a few seconds.  When Crystal's eyes focused 
again, I resumed my loving oral attentions.  I took a long time in 
getting her to the threshold before I put two fingers in her well-
lubricated tunnel.  Crystal shuddered, and my fingers were massaged.  I 
tapped on the roof of her vagina and watched my girlfriend have a massive
orgasm.  Her face turned beet red as she tried to breathe, and her hips 
jerked sharply.  No sound came from her open mouth as I lightly thumbed 
her clit.  (Bass players have finger independence -- with a little 
creativity, it's very useful in sex.)  Crystal grunted, then she squirted 
_at_ me, orgasmic fluid hitting me in the face with surprising force.  I 
continued my finger action until I was completely turned on, then I let 
Crystal come down, slowly reducing the stimulation. 

   Cryssie's eyes fluttered for several minutes afterwards.  She lay 
sprawled across the sofa, arms and legs splayed, completely limp, 
breathing heavily.  She finally stirred after about fifteen minutes.  
"Ohhh -- I'm sorry.  Look at yooouuu..." she whimpered when she came to.  
She ran her hand across my sticky face. "I didn't mean to -- I'm really -
-" 

   I cut her off.  "Welcome to the world of G-spot orgasms, love.  It's 
not piss, so don't worry about it, OK?"  Crystal moved languidly, still 
drenched in afterglow, so I just hugged her close.  She gave me a peck on 
the cheek, and we both went to sleep. 

   I took Crystal home late the next morning, only to pick her up that 
evening.  We went out to dinner, and she said that she had a surprise for 
me afterwards.  Crys asked me to take her home after dinner; she had to 
spend Sunday afternoon with her parents, and neither of us thought it 
would be a good time for them to meet me.  Some surprise, I thought.  We 
kissed goodnight when I stopped the van in front of her door.  I waited 
for her to get out, but she just sat there looking silly.  After a few 
seconds of this awkward silence, I had to say something.  "Is something -
- wrong?" 

   "N-no. I-I-I just thought..." Crys hesitated, obviously unsure of 
herself. 

   "Go ahead," I urged, "you can _always_ talk to me." 

   "Would you -- like -- tocomein?"  So that was the surprise.  Crystal 
must have expected me to ask.  I parked the van in a hurry.  She was 
smiling when she got out.  "Beth is gone with Scott until some time 
Monday.  We have the whole place to ourselves."  I followed her in.  One 
of the walls in the living room had a full-length mirror, but Crys pulled 
me to the sofa before I could say anything.  "Ummm... I wanna know if 
we're, like, an item.  I've done things with you that I wouldn't do with 
anybody else.  I'm a little -- embarrassed -- by it, and I'm scared that 
you're just... taking advantage of me." 

   "Don't be embarrassed about our sex.  You're just discovering your 
sexuality, and I've been really happy to help.  Geez, the picture of 
county boys you paint is one of boring and insensitive assholes," I said.  
Looking at her, I said, "As far as us being an 'item', I have a question.  
Do you consider yourself my girlfriend?  If you do, then yes, we're an 
item."  That set off a passionate, slow necking session between us that 
escalated into... foreplay.  When I started to remove her dress, she 
pulled away. 

   "Let's go upstairs," she suggested, standing up. 

   I leaned back on the couch and put my hands behind my head.  "Why?  We 
could just stay here.  After all, you've done it in _my_ living room."  I 
got an idea.  "Besides, there's a mirror here.  You could find how sexy 
you look when you come.  You county folk just don't let loose very often, 
do you?" 

   "If I were a _real_ county girl, I wouldn't have eaten your cum, _and_ 
you would have had to spend five grand on an engagement ring just to get 
a blowjob," Crys playfully countered.  She flopped back onto the couch.  
We picked up where we had left off, and I took off her clothes.  "I wanna 
doooo it with yoouuu," Crys whimpered. 

   "Do what?" I whispered, tonguing her ear.  She moaned and unfastened 
my pants; I had a very good idea of what she wanted to do, but I couldn't 
resist teasing her. 

   Crys rammed her tongue into my mouth and ripped off my shirt.  Much to 
my surprise, little, demure Crystal very clearly replied, "I want you to 
fuck me 'til my nose bleeds.  NOW."  She reclined, spreading her legs.  I 
thought back to my original idea. 

   "Let's go over to the mirror.  Ah!  No arguments.  I want you to see 
why you're so sexy when you come," I cajoled. 

   "I won't be able to see past you," Crystal complained.  Her hand 
caressed my stiffening cock. 

   "Trust me.  Get on your hands and knees, facing the mirror.  And no, I 
won't put it in 'back there.'"  Crystal complied eagerly while I put on a 
condom. 

   "I feel so kinky, Don," she giggled.  I sighed.  To Crystal, if you 
weren't fucking missionary in a bed in the dark, it was kinky. 

   "Now, you just watch the people in the mirror," I counseled as I 
entered her doggy style.  Crys was extremely wet, surprising me.  She was 
as hot for me as I was for her.  She moaned softly as my cock slid all 
the way in, and the feeling was indescribable, even through latex.  
Cryssie's eyes fluttered and drooped; the feeling was good enough for her 
to forget the mirror.  I pulled out.  "Do county girls fuck on their 
hands and knees?" I whispered. 

   Crystal rocked invitingly.  "Shut - up - and - _fuck_ - me," she 
hissed.  I did as I was told, re-entering her slowly, but completely.  I 
grabbed her hips, and slowed her rocking, pumping at her, coming almost 
completely out of her with each stroke before pushing slowly back in.  
"Ohhh... you're teeeasing meee," she whined.  I watched her face contort; 
she licked her lips, closed her eyes, and bit her lower lip as she thrust 
back at me.  She looked like she was about to explode, and I hadn't even 
touched her detonator yet.  I started stroking around her honeypot, 
making Crys bounce urgently against me a few times.  I pushed all of my 
cock into her, grabbing her and holding her in place.  Then I ran a 
finger from her belly button straight to our intersection, a path that 
went right down her clit.  "NNGHH!!!"  Crys snorted and froze, except for 
tuning fork vibrations that I could see and feel.  I looked at her 
reflection; open mouth, closed eyes, intense sensation written all over 
her face.  My dick got harder inside her and I fought to hold my 
ejaculation off.

   Crystal sighed after a bit, rotating her hips as the tension left her 
body.  Surprise flashed across her face when she realized I was still 
erect inside of her.  "You're definitely no county boyyyyy," she moaned.

   "You look sooo good when you come," I whispered, slowly moving my hips 
back and forth, pulling out before re-entering with each stroke.  She 
started to move in unison to me, making me stay inside her pussy.  
Crystal's eyes popped wide open all of a sudden.  I saw her focus on the 
pair fucking doggy style in front of her.  She watched the mirror, and 
became involved in her own seduction as she watched me watch her watching 
us fuck.  It was a feedback loop; I got excited by her glazed, attentive, 
hungry concentration and moved with more urgency.  This stimulated 
Cryssie more and she responded by gasping, moving faster, and paying 
deeper attention to us in the mirror.  It made her look even sexier and I 
pumped harder...

   "Make -- meee -- come!  I wanna -- seee!" Crystal panted, bringing me 
back to Earth long enough to pinch a nipple and finger her clit.  "OH!  
YES!!!  FUCK!!!" she yelped.  She bucked, I bucked, we grunted and panted 
ferociously, driving at each other, lust-crazed.  I forgot all about the 
mirror and watching as burst after burst flamed through my cock, soaking 
it in its casing.  Crystal's internal convulsions frantically milked me, 
making me shiver.  When it was over, I collapsed on the floor, panting.  
Crystal removed the spent rubber and tossed it uncaringly into a corner.  
She lay next to me and kissed me.  "I-I've never watched myself before.  
You were right.  It was really great.  Thank you," she said quietly.  
"_You_ looked kinda funny though," she giggled.  I was too stoned to 
care, and just lay, silent, enjoying the feel of her body against mine.  
"_Now_ can we go upstairs?  It's getting kinda cold down here."  I 
struggled to my feet and followed my girlfriend to her bed, where we 
slept quite heavily.

