Copyright © 1997, Bobby Lee,    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.








                               Crystal

                             Chapter Two

                             A short story

                                 by

                              Bobby Lee


   Synopsis:

   Crystal had her first sexual experience at the hands of her mother
   and her mother's lover, Bill. It was lusty, satisfying first orgasm
   for the ten-year-old. Bill found that he was aroused by fondling
   Crystal and discovered he was a latent pedophile.. Bill's story
   continues...


   I was not a permenent resident of Sandy's household, only an
   occasional visitor, going to her house when we dated or had quiet
   times together. I often thought of my first encounter with Crystal
   and really needed to be with her again.

   Crystal is an average, shy, ten-year-old, small for her age with
   short brown hair, brown eyes and a dark complexion. She is a cute
   little thing and reminds me of Alyssa Milano, the little girl in
   the television series; "Who's the Boss".

   After our first encounter, Crystal seemed embarrassed around me
   and very reserved. She spoken only when I asked her something and
   never initiated the conversation. Even her mother, Sandy, was
   aware of the difference in our relationship... I knew that Sandy
   would not allow Crystal to share our bed again so I would have to
   initiate any sexual contact with her daughter without her
   knowledge.

   My plan of action was to again fondle little Crystal and then
   when Sandy came home, have intercourse with her and think I was
   making love to Crystal while my cock was deep inside Sandy's
   pussy. The thought was very sexually exciting but how could I
   accomplish it?

   One evening I had a date with Sandy and when I arrived she was
   still at work. Crystal and I were alone. Sandy called and said
   she had to work late and would be home in about an hour...

   "Don't go away, big boy," she said when we talked, "I have plans
    for you tonight and I'm horny as hell."

   Crystal was sitting on the couch watching T.V. as I approached
   her.

   "What's the matter, honey, don't you like me anymore?", I
   inquired

   "Oh, Bill, of course I like you. It's just that mom loves you
    and the things I think of when you are around are not right."

   "What things?"

   "The way you touched me and how good it felt. I have these
    naughty thoughts all the time."

   "Honey, what we did isn't naughty. Heck, your mother was there
   watching us. Sure, she loves me but if it wasn't right she would
   never have invited you into our bed. In fact, I would like to
   touch you right now and make you feel good, before she comes
   home."

   I sat down next to her and kissed her softly on the mouth and she
   threw her arms around my neck, hugging me while we kissed..

   "Can I touch you, honey?"

   "Yessss...", she replied in a husky voice and spread her legs
    invitingly.

   I unbuttoned the front of her blouse while we kissed and she
   started to remove it but I asked her not to since her mother would
   be home in a few minutes. Her breast were too small to need a bra.
   Just puffy, sensitive nipples protruding from her flat chest.

   "Suck on them again, like last time.", She requested, "Oh, that
   felt so good."

   Slowly, I bent forward and placed my mouth on the succulent brown
   nipple that was before me. Gently, I surrounded it with my lips and
   allowed my tongue to make small, sweeping circles on it's
   perimeter. Then, it was only natural, I began to suck on it. Both
   nipples contracted and grew rigid. Her hardened nipples were longer
   than I would expect on such a young girl, nearly half an inch in
   length. I gently squeezed it's mate between my thumb and
   forefinger.

   Crystal's response was instantaneous. She drew a deep breath and
   groaned. Her arms went about my neck as she drew me closer
   and she began to kiss my neck. I sucked her pure, sweet nipples for
   what seemed like many minutes, enjoyed them immensely. Her chest
   was flushed with sexual excitement, patchy red areas that told me
   that she was deeply aroused by the attention I had given her
   breasts.

   I raised my head and looked at her face. She had shut her eyes and
   furrowed her brow in concentration. Her lips were parted and her
   tongue protruded from between her teeth. Her breathing was fast and
   irregular - she was softly panting... My penis grew erect at the
   beautiful site before me.

   "Crystal, sweetheart, why don't you turn around, pull up your
    skirt and straddle me?"; I suggested

   "Are you going to touch me again?"; She whispered

   "Do you want me to?"

   Without answering, she raised her skirt and sat on my lap with her
   legs on either side of mine. I kissed her, parted her lips and
   touched her tongue with mine.

   I unzipped my trousers and removed my hard penis from within the
   confines of my shorts, brought it up under her skirt and rested
   it on the front of her panties..

   Pulling her skirt out of the way, Crystal looked down and said, "Is
   that what you put in my mommy that makes her moan so loud?"

   "Yes honey it is, but you are too young and too small for now but
    we can do other things", I murmured, "Would you like to touch it?"

   "Uh huh, but why is it so big?"

   "Because I find you exciting and I want to make love to you."

   Crystal's dainty fingers touched the head first then the sensitive
   rim making me shudder with anticipation. Slowly she squeezed,
   petted and played with it like it was her favorite doll.

   "Here like this, sweetheart", I gasped

   Wrapping her hand around my penis, I moved it up and down...

   She slowly began to masturbate me in a most delightful way.

   I placed both my hands under her bunched-up skirt and massaged her
   firm, young, ten-year-old buttocks through the fabric of her
   panties. My hand drifted down until I reached the rear seam and I
   could feel the wetness caused be her vaginal secretions - yes,
   Crystal had wet panties.

   While she played with my penis I pushed one of my hands down the
   front of her panties and cupped her slender pussy in my palm.
   Gently I stroked and messaged her labia until they opened and
   admitted my fingers. Her clitoris was warm and erect, her entire
   vulva was slippery and wet as I stroked and fondled it. We kissed
   passionately.

   Faster and faster I rubbed her clit and surrounding lips until she
   clamped her legs tightly on mine, threw her head back and wailed
   in a magnificent orgasm.. The tears rolled down her cheeks as she
   said, "Oh, Daddy Bill, I love you so much..."

   I was very near myself. I pulled her panty leg to one side and
   inserted my penis underneath rubbing my cock over her tiny pussy
   from her clitoris to her vagina.

   "Are you going to put it in me?", she inquired, "Will it hurt?"

   "No, my darling not now, but I will put a tiny bit in you so you
   can feel my seed inside you.."

   With that, I inserted just the head of my penis in her small vagina
   and stoked the shaft. Five seconds later my butt tensed as pulse
   after powerful pulse of thick, potent sperm entered her virgin
   vagina for the first time.

   "Oh, I can feel it shooting inside me!", She exclaimed, "Will I
   have a baby now? I know how babies are made."

   "No, honey, you are too young for that."; I answered hopefully

   God, she was good and I was in love with a ten-year-old named
   Crystal.

   When kissed for a while then, at my suggestion, she went to her
   room to change panties and arrange her clothes. When I looked down
   my lap was covered with my cum that had leaked from her vagina.
   I went to the bathroom to clean my trousers when I heard Sandy
   come in.

   "Hi, everybody, are we ready to go out for dinner?", she said

   "Just a second, babe and I'll be with you. Crystal are you ready?"

   Secretly, I was hoping our dinner would take a couple of hours so
   I would have time to recover from my young lover before her mother
   took me to bed.....

                        End - Chapter two



















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....