				Cubscouts


  It all started seven years ago, when my oldest son was in Cub Scouts.
Their mother was the Den Mother, and we had weekly meetings at our house
on Tuesdays after the boys got home from school.  We had a large farm
out in the country, and it made a great place to let the boys all go out
and play in the yard, teach them how to fish, and many other things that
"city kids" never got a chance to do.

  I'll be up front by stating that I am a pedophile.  I really like the
idea of the fresh sexuality of young boys and girls.  Both are nice, but
I have always dreamed about licking little boycocks and making them have
their first cum, or at least their first "good" sexual feelings.

  On this particular week, my wife was called away to the hospital by an
emergency, leaving me to cover for her for the Den meeting of the week.
Like usual, the boys all came home on Brian and Terry's (my sons')
school bus.  As the bus pulled to a stop, 13 little boys piled out and
came tearing up the driveway, chasing the dog, laughing, and generally
acting like normal 7, 8 and 9 year olds do.  I figured my best bet when
I saw them was to try to keep them outside, at least prevent as much
destruction as I could in the house.  I got them started in a game of
tag in the front yard, and went back in the house to get the
refreshments ready.  I laid out cookies and a big punchbowl on the
middle of the table filled with Cool-aid.

  Soon, the boys tired of running in the yard, and Brian, (my oldest
son, he was 8, Terry was 7) started into the house and all the sudden I
had my hands full!  (Actually, I was wishing I had my hands full of
THEM!  13 little boys in little Cub Scout shirts and shorts!) I told
them all to come in and get something to eat, and they followed my boys
into the kitchen and sat around the table.

  As you can imagine, they were not exactly a quiet bunch, and soon the
cookies were flying around, and to top it off, one of the boys knocked
over the punch bowl!  It ran to all corners of the table, and even
though they tried to scramble away from the table, every boy, to the
last one, got a big lap full of grape Cool-aid!  I sighed heavenward,
and hoped for a miracle, but alas, I had 13 sticky, wet boys on my
hands.

  While I was deciding what to do, Brian made up my mind for me.  He
decided that I should wash his shorts and shirt and stood right up in
the middle of the other boys and sttripped to his underpants.  The
minute I saw his little bottom cupped in his Fun-pals, I about split the
front of my pants out!  Just when I thought I'd seen the horniest sight
in years, EVERY other boy in the room stood up and stripped!  13 boys,
all clad in just their underpants!  In fact, 2 or 3 of them had wet
undies and pulled them off too!  Brian and Terry went upstairs and got
some dry undies for them to wear till I got the washing done.

  My hands were shaking as I gathered up the clothes and headed out to
the laundry room.  I had some really cute undies in my hands, and even
though I tried not to, I ended up sniffing their little crotches and
inhaleing the soft, little-boy smell in them.  As the washer started
vibrating, I held a pair up to my nose, and leaned against it and within
a couple seconds, I shot a load of cum into my pants!

  While I was off on never-never land, I didn't notice that several of
the boys had come into the laundry room, and one of them finally piped
up, "Mr Johnson, can we go back out and play?"

  I was shaken to death and turned to them, not knowing what to say.  I
wasn't worried about anybody else seeing them, the farm was big, and the
road was a ways away, but I wondered how "I" would handle having them
tumbling around almost naked on the yard!

  "Gee Mister Johnson, it looks like your pants got wet too!
  Oh shit!  The front of my slacks had a large stain on them from my
load!

  "Uh, yes, I guess I did get wet too." I smiled.

  It was either the right or the wrong thing to say, depeneding on how
you look at it, because suddenly, I had about 8 little boys tuggin on my
shoes, belt, zipper, pants, and shirt!  Without lifting a finger,
suddenly, I was clad in just my underpants, and several of the boys
started giggling outright.  I was wearing some men's size Mickey Mouse
underpants, with little pictures all over them.

  "Gee, those are COOL Mister Johnson!" One boy piped up.

  "Yea, they are just like mine!" Said one boy who proudly pushed his
little hips forward for me to see his Mickey Mousers.

  The situation was just too much for my poor dick, it pushed my
underpants out all seven inches!  The boys' eyes got wide, and it became
very quiet in the laundry room.  I noticed a couple of the boys reach
down and begin rubbing their now stiff little boydicks.

I had no idea what to do now! What had I started? I was standing there
in cum-soaked underpants, absently rubbing my cock in front of 13 young
boys!

"Mine has a stiffy too Mister Johnson!" The silence was broken by little
Timmy from the farm next to yours.

"So I see! and a big one for a boy your age!"

At this point, all the boys started looking at each other's underpants
to see how their hard dickeys compared with each others.

	"Let's see whose got the biggest thing!" one of the others said. Then
glancing at me and my own tented up undies he added, "Next to Mr. Johnson."

	The boys laughed, then forming them in a circle, I said "Ok guys, on 
the count of three, we all pull our underpants down!"  I looked around the 
circle of half naked boys, checking out their small buldeges and facial 
expressions.  Most of them seemed to be already hard, the heads of their small 
cocks poking out their tight fitting briefs from their crotches.  A couple, 
however, had only a small roundish protrusion between their legs, indicating 
they were not yet aroused.  Some of the boys were casually rubbing themselves, 
and Timmy had grasped the hard white outline his little tool with his fingers, 
and was rubbing intently.  After what I considerd to be a long enough time for 
the boys to get ready, I counted "One....." looking intently at each boy "two...
.." putting my fingers inside the waistband of my own briefs, "Three!!" I said,
tugging them down to my knees.  Most of he boys followed my lead right away, a
couple (those with the smaller buldges) hesitated, but quickly followed suit.

	There I was then.  Standing in a circle of boys all with their pants
half mast.  My cock was at full erection, pointing directly at the center of the
circle.  I slowly let my eyes wander around checking out each boy, as they 
also were doing.  My sons, Brian and Terry, whose bodies I had seen many times,
each sported small hard erections, both about two and a half inches long, and
slender.  Timmy's penis, which seemed to be the largest out of the group, was
about 3 1/2 - 3 3/4 inches, and was pointed up at the celing.  His fingers had 
already grasped his miniature cock, and he was masturbating himself with long,
even strokes.  

	The variety of shapes and sizes was intriguing to me as I scanned the
group.  There were only two boys who did not seem to have erections yet.  
I could only see the head of Donny's penis as it poked out over his pink 
wrinkled scrotal sack, the way a lot of little boy's dicks do.   Little Billy's
cock, the only one I noticed to be uncircumsised, was soft, and only about an 
inch long. It dangled between his white thighs, jumping every once in a while 
when he tensed up.

	A couple of the more bold boys reached over and stroked the dicks of
the child beside them.  Brian said "Looks like like you got the biggest one
of us kids, Timmy."  There were murmers of agreement.  "But look at Billy's
thing.  It looks funney!"  The boys attention now went between Billy's legs, 
and they all looked in wonder at his small, uncut tool.  "Why is yours like 
that, Billy?" Brian asked.

	Billy said that he didn't know, but that underneath the his fore-
skin, he looked the same as the rest of them.  I piped up and gave them a quick 
explanation of circumsion, and told them they all used to be like Billy, 
but that part had been removed when they were babies.  This seemed to satisfy
them, but they still were intrigued by Billy's cock.  With all the attention,
Billy's tool had finnally started to harden, and soon it was fully erect, with
the red glans poking out from the hole in his foreskin.  "Rub your thing, 
Billy,"  Timmy said, "It'll make you feel good!".

	"I know," Billy said "I do that sometimes at home.  My brother's got
this neat book with pictures of naked girls in it, and my dickie gets hard when 
I look at it so I rub it then."

	As they all were admiring Billy's tool, I noticed that little Donny
had slipped his underpants back up, and was just standing off to the side.
I moved over to him and said quietly "What's the matter Donny?  aren't you
having fun?"  The small dark haired boy look up at me with his sad eyes and
said "My pee-pee is the smallest, and it's not hard like the rest of theirs."

	"Has it ever gotten hard before?" I asked gently, putting my hand
on his soft round bottom.  "Yea, it's gotten hard sometimes when my mommy
took my temperature.  She makes me lay across he lap and stiks it in my bottom,
it feels weird."

	I was able to hold his whole little bottom in one hand, and I gave him
a gentle squeeze, feeling the soft and yeilding flesh.  "Do you ever rub your
pee-pee like they're doing?"

	Donny shook his head, and I felt him press his hind end into my hand
a little more.  "It feels really good, you know." I told him, raising my other
hand up to his belly.  "Let me show you."  

	"OK." Donny almost whispered.  

	I slowly put my hand down, and started to stroke the boy's smooth
thigh just below his pubic area.  Donny giggled a bit, and said "That tickles!"

	I said "I know." and kept stroking both his legs.  Keeping my eyes on
his little round bulge, I reached my hand between his legs and tickled him
under his balls.  Donny spread his legs a little further apart to give me
better access.  As I stroked him, I noticed another samll bulge appear above
the one of his little ball sack.  I moved my fingers to it, and gently tickled
him there.

	"I think It's happening, Mr. Johnson!"  Donny said excitedly.

	"Well, let's have a look then, shall we?" I said, slipping my fingers
inside the waistband of his briefs and pulling them down.  Sure enough, when
his penis came into view, it was no longer just a small head, but a now semi-
erect little staff about an inch long.  I grasped the little tool between my
thumb and middle finger.  It was still a little soft, but as I stroked up and
down on it, it soon became rock hard.  Little Donny was now starting to breath
hard, as he experienced the first feelings of sexual pleasure.  His penis, now a
full one and a half inches long, and about as big around as my little finger,
occasionally pulsed as Donny tensed and released his groin muscles.

	"Wow Mr. Johnson," He said breathlessly "I really feel it!"

	"I can tell Donny." I said, pushing his underpants to the floor.  Donny
stepped out of the small garment, and my free hand returned to his rump, half
holding the now trembling boy up, and half massaging his soft twin mounds.
The other boys had now noticed us and were gathering around.  Most of them 
had shed their undies also, and were walking around clad only in their  cub
scout shirts.  The sight of these 13 boys, with their white roundish bottoms,
and small hairless cocks all now fully erect was almost more than I could 
stand.  I reached down between my own legs, and started to massage my own
rock hard dick, which seemed gigantic compared to the equipment of the
boys who surrounded me.

	"Gee Mr. Johnson, you sure got a lot of hair around your thing!" I
heard one of them say.

	"Well," I told him "Everyone grows hair down here when they get older.
you will too when you get to be about 13 or so."

	"My brother gots hair like that."  Timmy said. "And now when he rubs
himself like we're doing, white stuff shoots outta his thingy!"

	"That's right," I said to them "That's called semen.  That's the other
thing that will happen when you're older."

	I heard Donny start to moan softly, as I continued to massage his
stiff penis.  A couple of the other boys too were getting close to orgasm.  
Their wrinkled little sacks were tightly drawn up between their legs, and some
of them had their eyes almost closed in intese concentration of the feelings
between their legs.  I knew I was also getting close to the critical point when
Timmy said. "Let me show you what my brother and I do sometimes.  It feels even
better than rubbing!"

	The youngster let go of his penis and walkd over to the sink.  Taking a
bar of soap, he wet his hands, and proceeded to soap up his little organ.

	"We pull our pants down and stick our things in each others butt." The
eight-year-old explained.  "It feels really neat!  Who wants to try?"

	Larry, a slender blond kid, with pert white bottom asked "It doesn't
hurt, does it?"

	"Naw, " Timmy reassured him "That's why I put soap on it, so it will
go in easily.  It's like the vaseline that your mom puts on the thermometer
before she sticks it in you, so it won't hurt."

	"What do I gotta do?" Larry asked, moving over to where Timmy was 
staning.  

	"Just get down on the floor on your hands and knees." Timmy explained

	"Like this?" Larry asked doing so, and giving me a fantastic view of
his gorgeous boy-tail.  

	"Yea! Timmy said, comming up behind his friend and kneeling down.  He
then gave his penis a couple quick strokes, reached out and parted Larry's buns,
to reveal the boy's pink anus, and put his baby erection against it.

	"Here it comes!" Timmy said, thrusting forward with his hips, and 
driving his hard boy-cock deep into his friend's rectum.  Larry gasped a little
when he felt Timmy's penis enter him, but it slid in easliy and didn't hurt at
all.  Timmy started immediatly to fuck Larry in the ass, with short, quick 
little jabs.  Larry recieved them well, and was able to hold himself up with
one hand, while he used the other to fondle his own hard erection.

	The rest of us just watched the boy's go at it, beating our own meat,
or that of the boy next to us.  Donny, who I now was almost holding up, lest he
collaps to the floor from the new feelings he was experienceing, was the first
to come.  He sighed heavily, and I felt his little inch and a half stiffy pulse
four or five times as his hips moved back and forth in rapid succesion.  A 
couple of the other boys came too, arching their backs, and moaning while 
enjoying the feeling of their orgasm.  My sons had been masturbating each other
and I watched as Brian brought Terry to a tremendus orgasm, complete with a 
small drop of clear fluid from the tip of his penis.  Brain soon followed suit,
and both boys sank to the floor basking in the afterglow of their orgasms.

	As my attention turned back to Timmy and Larry, I noticed Timmy's eyes
glaze over, then close tightly, as he made three final thrusts into the 
quivering boy below him, and gave way to his violent orgasm.  Seeing the young
boy cum in his friends behind was enough to push me over the edge.  For the 
third time that afternoon, I climaxed, shooting semen all over the floor, and 
on some of the boys as well.  

	Timmy recoverd from his orgasm, and pulled his still hard penis from
Larry's rectum.  Larry, who had cum by his own hand, stood and rubbed his
behind a little saying "That wasn't bad at all..can I do it to you later, 
Timmy?"

	"Sure!" Timmy replied, sitting on the floor and resting

	I had settled on the floor, with my arm around little Donny.  I looked
down at the boy, and kissed him on the forehead.  He smiled and nuzzled a 
little closer.  I glanced between his legs, and noticed that his penis again
had shrunk down to nothing but a small head poking out from his body.  

	"This has been the best Cub Scout meeting ever Mr. Johnson," Timmy said
"can we do it again next time?"

	"Well," I said, imaging the fun we could have if I were PREPARED for
and afternoon of boy-sex. "We'll have to see what we can work out!"
