






                                   Cum Addict
                      [An erotic story by Deiter Pennmann]

              Karie was  a  secretary for Price-Waterhouse in Chicago,
         Illinois.  By all appearances she was a quiet Midwestern girl
         who worked hard.  She was a good  worker  during the day, but
         at night she  became  a  royal  terror  in  her   flat   near
         Watertower Place in  the Loop.  Some of her friends did coke,
         others smoked grass.  She had  a  physical  craving  for cum;
         semen; jizz.

              She first tasted the magic, white, warm,  sticky  elixir
         during her senior year in high-school.  She was blowing Mick,
         captain of the  football  team, in the back of his Nova.  She
         had all of his tender prick in  her  mouth when he yelled "Oh
         baby!" and sprayed her down the throat with his  juice.   She
         loved the tingly,  salty  flavor  and  the almost bleach-like
         smell of his cum.  She swallowed it and felt calm and relaxed
         and no longer felt like she needed  an orgasm.  Mick fingered
         her through the  fly in her jeans.  She enjoyed  her  orgasm,
         but wanted more  of  Mick's  semen.   Again  she  whipped his
         slightly flaccid penis from his  pants  and  went down on him
         again.  It took  a  while  for  him to sexually  recycle  and
         become capable of  ejaculation,  but she persisted for a full
         half hour.  She savored the little  bit of 17-year-old's spoo
         that she was  able to coax from him.  She swallowed  and  sat
         back and relaxed.   Mick  tucked  his saliva-shriveled wiener
         away and sat looking in disbelief at the best non-penetration
         fuck of his life.

              Ever since then, she lapsed  into  bad moods, withdrawal
         essentially, when she could not get cum.  Now it was evening.
         She was sitting  in  a bean-bag chair in front  of  the  five
         o'clock news.  She  ignored  the  story  on  the  five-person
         murder at Cabrini Green and harked  back  to  her  days  as a
         freshman in college.
              During the academic year she got plenty of semen to keep
         her calm.  When she couldn't woo a jock or a campus  Don Juan
         into her room  for  a quick suck, she would coax a nerdy geek
         into donating some  of his fluids.   She  had  once  actually
         asked a really gullible guy into masturbating  into  a  Dixie
         cup for a  biology  lab  experiment she was supposedly doing.
         She took the cup in hand, thanked  the  guy  whose right hand
         was shaking a little from fatigue, then dashed to the ladies'
         room where she  downed the little bit of white  liquid  in  a
         quick gulp.
              She also  recalled being home on her first spring break,
         wishing she had had the money  for  Daytona Beach and all the
         cum she could  take,  and  virtually  raping  her   brother's
         fifteen year-old friend.   She  got  him in the house one day
         when she was home alone and pressed  him  into a corner.  She
         was in his pants before he could say "no".  She  mouthed  his
         entire four inches  (soon to grow much larger she had thought
         at the time) and slurped down his young semen.












              Now she  was alone and badly in need of a hit of jizzum.
         She could always go over to Myron  Rosenthal's  and blow him.
         She hated that though because Myron was a forty year-old geek
         who, except for  her mouth, had never fucked anything  except
         his right hand  and, once, a ripe cantaloupe.  Myron was also
         very large, a  freak of hormones.   His  twelve  full  inches
         always choked her  when he got overexcited and  pounded  deep
         into her throat.
              She lusted  for  a  young, poor artisan's semen tonight.
         She had discovered that certain  types  of  men had different
         types of cum  (this  was  purely  psychological,  though  she
         didn't realize it).   Karie got out the phone book and called
         up an art gallery.  She pretended  that  she  was  a  wealthy
         woman in need  of  some  art  for  a dinner party.   A  young
         sounding man said he would be over in a few minutes.
              In half  and  hour,  Kyle  appeared  at  her doorstep, a
         catalogue of art in his hand.  She invited him in and quickly
         seduced him.  She allowed him to  strip her and fuck her, but
         before he could  cum she made him withdraw.  She  immediately
         went down on  him  and ground madly against the sensitive tip
         and underside of his tool.  She savored his bountiful pre-cum
         drips.  Kyle grabbed his inner  thighs as his genitals spewed
         semen into Karie's  mouth.  She swished his juice  around  in
         her mouth for  a few seconds, noting the bouquet of his thick
         fluids, then swallowed slowly.   Kyle  was turned on and dove
         for her pussy  and  began lapping at her clit.   She  had  an
         orgasm, then put  her  finger  in  Kyle's  navel  and got him
         harder.  She performed fellatio  on  him  again and swallowed
         when his second  shot burst from the glistening  tip  of  his
         cock.  Kyle told  her  he had to leave.  She bid him good-bye
         and then went to bed, totally satisfied.

              Karie went to work the next day and performed her duties
         all day like a good girl.  But  when  she  returned home, she
         felt like her head would explode.  She needed  another hit of
         cum.  Like a  heroine  junky needs more and more shit to hold
         off the shakes, she needed more  cum  to  lessen her anxiety.
         Her pathology was increasing.  She telephoned  Domino's for a
         pizza and for dick.
              Twenty-three minutes  later,  a  Chinese man came to the
         door, pizza in hand.  "You'll  have  to  do,"  she said.  She
         offered him twenty bucks to let her give him a  blow job.  He
         gladly accepted in broken English.
              Xiao set  her  pizza  down,  then dropped his pants.  He
         revealed a small, limp, uncircumcised  dinker that was mildly
         repulsive to Karie.  He sat on a kitchen chair  as she worked
         to get him  hard.   She  tried every trick she knew, but Xiao
         couldn't get it up.  He dripped a little fluid- Karie thought
         it was urine -but his cock would  not  rise.   She refused to
         pay him and he went away sad.
              Karie paced  for a while, still craving cock.   She  ate
         the pizza, but her appetite was not satisfied.  Soon, a knock
         came to the  door.   Another  pizza delivery man stood there.
         "My name's Chris.  The Chinese  guy  gave me your address.  I












         just got off work.  Can I come in?"
              Karie let  in the tall, Italian-looking boy.  She judged
         him at eighteen years.  He knew what she wanted.
              He stripped quickly for her.   She  supposed  she'd give
         him a thrill too, so she undressed for him.   On  the  living
         room sofa, she  gently massaged his enlarging prick.  When he
         was all of his six inches, she  took  him  in  her  mouth and
         stimulated him as fast as she could.
              Despite his  gripes  that she was going  too  fast,  she
         persisted.  She looked  up  at his smooth, mustached face and
         saw him close his eyes and open  his  mouth.   His  abdominal
         muscles flexed, then  her  mouth  filled  with  warm,  sticky
         semen.  She suckled him for all she could.
              Chris stayed   the   night.   An  hour  after  he  first
         ejaculated, he told her he thought  he  could get it up again
         and blast her.  She let him oscillate away at  her pussy with
         his wide Neapolitan  prick.  He sucked her breasts at various
         times, then reinserted and thrust away again.
              She was sorry to see him fire a wad into her pussy.  She
         would have to  extract  it  later.   Before  his  orgasm  had
         completely subsided, she was sucking his cock  again, pulling
         residual cum from  it.   Chris  fell asleep on the floor soon
         after.
              While he napped, Karie went  to the kitchen and, using a
         baster, sucked his cum from her pussy.  She placed the baster
         in her mouth  and  sprayed his jizzum onto her  tongue.   She
         felt a rush of pleasure, then a calm.
              Chris got  up  around  one  in  the  morning.  Karie was
         hovering over him.    She  grabbed   his   dick   and   began
         masturbating him.  Chris  was  smiling  and  laughing  as  he
         bounced his ass a little to aid in her stroking.  He soon had
         another orgasm.  Karie watched his semen ooze down the tip
         of his dick.  She quickly licked it up.
              Chris ate out Karie over a period of 50 minutes at which
         time she again  started  to  blow-job him.  He thought, "This
         chick is really wild.  She won't  stop  fucking!"  This final
         time, he had  an orgasm but no jizz shot from  him.   He  was
         dry!  She managed  only  to draw a little prostate fluid from
         his tool but she nearly sucked the tip off it in the process.
              Karie slept, and Chris was  gone  in  the  morning.  She
         noticed pubic hairs  in  the  shower, so she figured  he  had
         showered before he left.  She didn't care.

              As time  passed,  Karie realized she had a problem.  She
         stopped herself from seducing  junior-high  school boys.  She
         realized she was  so  desperate  that  child molestation  was
         almost within the  do-able range for her.  Before she scarred
         some kid for life, she decided she needed help.  Her last hit
         came from a young lawyer she met at work.
              His name was Jeff.  He wore wire-frame glasses and had a
         thick head of brown hair.  He had blue eyes that made Karie's
         pussy sweat.  He also had a seven  inch  rod that Karie would
         milk for all it could provide.
              She brought him home after dinner one night.   They made












         small talk on  the  sofa for a while, then he suddenly kissed
         her.  She responded.  Quickly,  they became naked and were in
         her bed.
              She was  on top of him, his cock buried  in  her  pussy.
         Her whole body got into the motion.  Her hair swayed back and
         forth above his  face  as  the  gentle  swish-swish of locked
         genitals broke the silence.  She  had an orgasm and collapsed
         on him.  He  pulled his entire length from her,  then  rolled
         her over on  top of him and entered her cunt from behind.  He
         gyrated his hips  gently,  sending   her  into  post-orgasmic
         ecstasy.  From overhead,  an  onlooker  would  see  her  dewy
         vagina spread gracefully  by  a  wide, thick, engorged penis.
         An onlooker would see the tuft of hair on his scrotum come up
         to meet her triangular bush, then  slowly draw out, revealing
         a blue-veined, rippled cock shimmering with a  slime of pussy
         juice and pre-cum.
              Jeff thrust  deep  and  then pulled out and let his dick
         rest on her vaginal opening.   She  stroked  it once with her
         fingers and completed the sensations he needed.
              He scrotum  drew  tighter  and  closer   to   his  body,
         obscuring the definite  outline  of  his  balls, then a pulse
         went up his  dick, clearly visible  from  the  underside.   A
         thick, gleaming wad of semen shot from the hole  in his glans
         and jetted up  to  her stomach.  He pulsed again and a second
         shot sprayed into her navel.
              Karie took up his wads with  her  fingers  and licked it
         away, swallowing.  Then  she rolled off him  and  sucked  the
         drippings from his penis.  She almost caused him pain.
              Jeff, a virile man, got hard again and punched deep into
         her missionary style.  He thrust strongly and brought himself
         to ejaculation again  in  less  than a minute.  Then he began
         eating her out.   After she came,  he  raised  his  face  and
         showed her his  chin, covered with his cum.   She  kissed  it
         away.
              He took  some  time  to get hard again.  He spit between
         her tits, somewhat to her shock  and  disgust, then he raised
         himself and began sliding his meat between her  breasts.  His
         titty-fuck lasted about  ten minutes.  Karie opened her mouth
         and received his jizz.
              The two slept after this  last  sexual  event.  Jeff ate
         breakfast and left in the morning.

              Karie found herself in a therapist's office a week later
         explaining her problem.   He offered her a cure.   She  would
         have a visitor  this  night.   A man would come over and cure
         her.

              At eight  o'clock,  a  thirty-ish,  handsome  black  man
         appeared at her doorstep.  She welcomed him in  and  got down
         to business.  He  took  his  erect  snake  from his pants and
         allowed her to blow him.  Just  as  he  was about to come, he
         pulled out of her mouth and jizzed up onto his stomach.  What
         she saw horrified her.
              His come  was  white, but strewn with bloody  and  green












         pus.  "I'm just  getting  over  an infection, honey.  I'm not
         contagious.  Eat me more!"
              Karie was so repulsed that  she  ran  to  the  toilet to
         vomit.  When she returned to the living room,  the  black man
         was gone, but  his  cum  now  lay  on the glass-topped coffee
         table.  She cleaned it up reluctantly.
              Never again did Karie crave cum in the way of an addict.

                                    The End

         D.P.



