CUM DRINKING AS A WAY TO GROW
 
 
As I have aged I read with great curiosity about so-called 
primitive peoples and tribes which practice man-boy sex as a part 
of a coming of age ceremony, or to assist boys in growing into 
men. This notion is not one which is new to our world, as we are 
all aware that the Ancient Greeks practiced man-boy love, and 
believed that a man's wisdom and traits could be transferred to a 
boy through the man's semen being released into the rectum of 
the boy.
 
There are still a handful of "primitives" who follow this sort of 
reasoning. Some believe that a boy can only mature and gain 
semen by ingesting the semen of other youths and men. These 
boys are taught at an early age how to suck cock, and are told to 
swallow the semen so that they may someday have semen of their 
own.
 
Other tribes practice sodomy, believing much like the Greeks, 
that a boy can only mature if he gets fucked by an older youth or 
man. The older partner's wisdom, courage, and positive traits are 
then passed to the boy, and thus the boy can mature, have his 
own semen, and "teach" other boys who follow him.
 
In US society the primitives in this respect are teenage boys, say 
from around eleven or twelve to thirteen or fourteen. As a boy I 
can remember a ritual, or a game which we older boys would 
always play on the younger ones, those who looked up to us, 
and who wished to have "mature" bodies such as ours.
 
I can remember from an early age joining in on this ritual, first on 
my own, and later as a part of a neighborhood conspiracy of 
sorts. I remember the first few times when I ran into boys who 
would not fall prey to my usual charms. I had quite a reputation 
in my neighborhood, as being the horniest boy around, and one 
who could talk any boy, regardless of age, out of his pants and 
into a sixty-nine.
 
There were few boys within "playing age" with whom I had not 
spend some time in the bushes. I even managed to spend some 
time with a few early bloomers, enhancing my reputation even 
more. It was this reputation which was in jeopardy when I ran 
into one six-year-old boy who didn't drop his pants upon 
receiving such an invitation.
 
I was a little put off that this boy would refuse to partake in the 
pleasures offered to him. I had never been turned down by a boy 
before. Those who played hard to get were enjoyed by me, 
because I would woo them so much that eventually they would 
cave in.
 
This one little six-year-old, big enough to be considered playable 
by the neighborhood boys, refused all of my offers and bribes, 
and my then perfect record was in jeopardy. If it ever got out, I 
would be the laughing stock of the rest of the play gang, who 
thought I couldn't strike out.
 
Finally, after trying everything in my bag of tricks, I changed 
directions. I decided that instead of wooing him directly, I would 
try a more subtle approach. When out playing with the boy, I 
would always take a leak in his presence, pulling my pants down 
instead of just pulling out my penis. I would make sure that the 
boy got an eye full of my body.
 
As we played, I began to use the seepage effect strategy, 
mentioning to him that if he wanted his body to be big, and grow 
like mine, he had to do certain things. Little by little, I noticed 
that the boy was paying more and more attention to me, and was 
looking a little harder each time I lowered my pants for his 
benefit. When one day I decided to expand my operations, and 
laid down on the ground with my pants down to my knees, he 
did not run away as he usually did. For his benefit I stroked 
myself to erection, and then masturbated away, ending up with 
semen flying around in every direction. They boy seemed 
impressed.
 
After the boy sat in on a few more sessions of my masturbating 
myself, it was time for phase two. I invited a particularly well 
hung nine-year-old to play with us one day, and when it came 
time for masturbation games, he lowered his pants and joined 
me. The younger boy, watching wide-eyed, seemed impressed 
with the nine-year-old's cock size. As we stroked first ourselves, 
and then each other, the nine-year-old told the little boy that 
before he started playing with older boys, his cock was little. He 
told the boy that when he began jacking off with older boys, and 
sucking their dicks, his dick began to grow as well. As part of 
his demonstration, he leaned over and began sucking my dick.
 
The six-year-old looked as if he would faint, but I noticed a 
tenting in the crotch area of his short pants. He watched intently 
as the nine-year-old sucked me through climax. When I started to 
shoot, the boy released my cock for a few seconds, and let some 
cum squirt out on me. He then went back down and finished the 
job off. Afterwards he told the little boy, as he licked the cum up 
from my stomach, that it was my "milk" which made his cock 
grow big.
 
The nine-year-old left after his demonstration, and the six-year-
old and I played non-sexual games for about an hour more. 
Eventually he told me that he had to "pee," and this time instead 
of turning and hiding himself as he urinated, he unbuckled his 
pants, and let them drop down to his ankles. After urinating a 
few drops, he quietly asked me if I thought that his dick was 
little. Not wanting to pass up an opportunity which might not 
present itself again, I told him to come closer so that I could see it 
good. The boy scooted over closer to me, and I moved close to 
see his little member. He was at that time half hard; always a 
good sign. I told him that it was kind of small, but that it didn't 
count because it was soft. Reaching out, I took his little dick 
between my fingers and began to caress it. The boy popped an 
erection almost at once. Whereas he was about one and a half 
inches soft, when hard he jumped up to about two and three 
quarters of an inch, not a bad size for such a little boy.
 
I told the boy that he did have a small dick, but that if he wanted 
me to, I could help him make it grow bigger. I told him that I 
would do it for him, but that it had to be our secret, that none of 
the other kids or grown ups could know about it. He asked how I 
could make it bigger. I told him that I could help him stretch it out 
by pulling on it like I was doing as I spoke. I told him that he 
could also help me at the same time by pulling on mine. I told 
him that I could suck it as well, and it would help it to grow, but 
that he couldn't tell the others that I sucked him. I told him that he 
could also suck me and drink my "milk," and that the milk would 
help his dick to grow.
 
The little boy might have been naive, but he was not stupid. I 
could see him considering whether or not I was conning him. I 
moved quickly to convince him by telling him that the nine-year-
old's dick had been even smaller than his before he started, and 
that it grew a lot with all of the "exercise" we had given it. The 
little boy seemed to be impressed and intrigued with the nine-
year-old's dick. He asked me if I thought that his dick could 
become that big. I told him that if he was serious and wanted to 
try, that if he worked hard on it every day, his dick could be big 
as well.
 
I was holding my breath while he considered this. Just when I 
though that I would pass out from the lack of oxygen, he said, 
"OK." That was it, simply OK. When he agreed to begin 
working on his dick, it didn't take much convincing to have him 
strip naked. Hurrah! I was on my way.
 
The first session consisted of me jacking him off, and then 
sucking his dick and balls for about five minutes each. He 
seemed pleased with all of it, and asked afterwards if his dick had 
grown any. Not wanting to lose him, I told him that it would take 
a couple of weeks, and that he would grow only if he played with 
me everyday that he could during that time. As a finale to that 
session, I had him jack me off. For a beginner he wasn't too bad. 
When I came out onto the grass, I took a few drops on my finger 
and put it up to his mouth, telling him to lick my finger off. He 
hesitated for a few minutes, until I reminded him that this would 
help him to grow. He licked my finger, and then took it into his 
mouth and sucked it clean. I knew at that point, he was mine.
 
 
CUM DRINKING AS A WAY TO GROW
PART 2
 
The next session was pretty much a repeat of the previous, with 
the exception that after he jacked me off, and I had then milked 
my cock almost dry, I told him to lick my dick off instead of my 
finger. He again hesitated a few seconds, but then lowered his 
head and licked up the remaining cum which had spilled over the 
head and down the sides. When he finished this, I told him to 
take the head into his mouth, and suck a little bit and see if there 
was any milk left. He did this without question, and spent a 
couple of minutes sucking on the tip of my cock.
 
Finally on the third session I decided that it was time to initiate 
him totally into sucking cock. When we were naked and ready to 
go, I told him that instead of jacking me off, it was time for him 
to suck me real good to get my milk. I gave him the usual 
instructions, such as don't bite, cover your teeth with your lips, 
suck down blow, and breathe through your nose so that you can 
suck more cock into your mouth. He listened to my instructions, 
and watched intently as I demonstrated each instruction on his 
cock.
 
When it was his turn, he lowered his head and started out as if he 
had been assigned a new school project. With a little more 
instruction, and a little more prodding and pushing on his head, 
he got the idea. In order to teach him rhythm, I grabbed a hold of 
his ears, and used them to guide his mouth up and down on my 
cock. When he got tired, I had him use his tongue and lick up 
and down my cock, or just lick the tip like a lollipop.
 
When I decided to help him along a bit by masturbating a few 
minutes here and there, I would instruct him how to cup and 
fondle my testicles, and then how to lick and suck them as well. I 
was enjoying the boy's blow-job so much, I wasn't even 
thinking about cumming. This almost proved to be a mistake, 
however, because he announced that his mouth was "dead," and 
that he couldn't suck any more. After a little persuasion, I 
convinced him to lie with his head in my lap, lips around my 
cock, while I fucked him in the mouth. This was wonderful, and 
he didn't seem to mind it, as he didn't have to do any work. 
When I came, he was surprised at first with the force, but 
recovered well, when I told him that he couldn't waste any of it, 
that he had to drink it all.
 
For the next few weeks the boy showed up faithfully to suck me 
off. He came almost every day, and some days he came back 
around for seconds, and sometimes thirds, intent on having his 
cock grow up. Eventually I could not keep him to myself any 
longer. The other cock hungry kids knew that I was playing the 
little one, and they wanted in on it as well. I knew that it was not 
wise to refuse them. Boys can become viscous when denied a 
cock sucking.
 
When I suggested to my little friend that he now help his cock 
grow faster by sucking other boys, he agreed almost at once, 
especially since the first boy offered to him was the well hung 
nine-year-old. I had the feeling that the little boy had wanted to 
suck the older off from the first time he seen him. The way that 
he attacked the older boy's cock, you would have sworn that he 
was dying of thirst and desperately was trying to get water from 
the cock. The little boy did not have any cum to offer, but this 
was explained as not totally necessary when sucking off younger 
boys.
 
Within the next weeks or so, the little six-year-old was happily 
sucking off half of the neighborhood boys, and was finding 
plenty who had cum to give him. Rumors began to fly around 
that the boy had also sucked off a teacher at his school who was 
known to like little boys, but we never found out for sure.
 
Eventually all hell broke loose when one night the six-year-old, 
then closing in on seven, decided to add his older brother to his 
list of suckees. The older brother was fourteen, and was not too 
adverse to having his cock sucked. He had been out in the field 
on several occasions getting blown, (and blowing said a few ten 
to eleven-year-olds.)
 
The story went that the older brother was in bed one night, naked 
with hard-on in hand, when little brother wandered into the 
room. The younger boy, seeing his brother's erection, slipped 
out of his night clothes, and climbed into brother's bed. After 
jacking away for a few minutes, little brother was said to have 
gone down on older, and given him the blow-job of his life, 
sucking every drop of cum from his dick. Older brother was said 
to have returned the favor, and then later during the night gone 
into little brother's bedroom to wake him up for another blow-
job.
 
For the next few days the two brothers were said to be 
inseparable, even showering together. Little brother, as the tale 
was later told, spend quite a bit of time on his knees servicing 
older brother's cock. Older brother was also said to have spent 
time sucking on his brother's much smaller dick, all towards 
helping it grow.
 
Eventually little brother confided in older about how he was 
sucking off most of the neighborhood in order to make his cock 
grow bigger, like older brother's and the rest of the boys. Older 
brother seemingly mauled this around for a few more days, 
meanwhile happily helping little brother out with his project, until 
his conscious became too troubled, and then he ratted out his little 
brother to his parents, telling them that he was sucking off every 
boy in a three block radius, and how the older boys had conned 
him into believing that cock sucking and swallowing cum led to a 
bigger dick.
 
It's not certain if big brother told the parents how long it took him 
to tell, or how many blow-jobs he gave and received in the 
process, but it seems that he did tell the parents that he learned of 
this when younger snuck into his bed and sucked him off while 
he was sleeping. He awoke when he was cumming, but then it 
was too late, says he, as his cum was already going down the 
little boy's throat.
 
Lucky for many neighbor boys, including yours truly, sex 
attitudes were different then, and boys were still boys being 
boys. None of us got bagged for this caper, and it seems that the 
little boy was brought to the parish priest whose job it was to 
explain to the boy that sucking cocks would not make his dick 
grow bigger, and how it was a sin to suck dicks. According to 
my informants this process took a long, long time, as the boy 
was required to attend  "counseling" sessions with the priest for 
months on end.
 
As luck would have it, the boy finally found a positive role model 
in the priest. Not only would the man counsel him alone in his 
own quarters, he would take the boy on outings, often in 
different cities which would allow the boy to be away over night, 
and the boy was also allowed to stay overnight with the priest 
now and again, especially when the priest was "sick," and 
needed someone to care for him.
 
How lucky the boy was that he was saved. Somehow, however, 
something went wrong, perhaps the boy stopped listening to the 
teachings of the priest, because when seen later at nine and ten, 
he believed that sucking cock and drinking cum did not make 
one's cock bigger, it took getting fucked up the ass by a big, stiff 
prick to do that!
 
THE END
