
Subject:      Cum Eating Husband (Part 1, mf, humiliation, fetish)
From:         subone1@aol.com
Date:         1996/11/20
Newsgroups:   alt.sex.stories


DISCLAIMER:  IF YOU ARE NOT OVER 18 YEARS OLD DO NOT READ THIS AND LEAVE
THIS NEWSGROUP. THIS IS A FICTIONAL STORY AND THE CHARACTERS DO NOT
REPRESENT ANY REAL LIVE PERSON OR PERSONS.


	A year or so ago I told my wife about my fantasy of her having sex with
another man. This caught her by surprise because our marriage had been
strictly monogamous up to this point. I acknowledged to her that I was not a
good performer in bed - I cum too soon and my cock is too small. She didn't
argue either point. I convinced her that she can and should do better. My
wife is really cute and could have any man she wanted. She's 5' 2", 110 lb.,
blue eyes, and has brown hair with a short sexy hairstyle. Her peaches and
cream complexion and gorgeous set of legs are her best assets though. As we
discussed the possibilities, she admitted that she often wondered what a
nice big, fat cock would feel like - as opposed to my dinky thing. (I should
point out that in our relationship she is the dominant one and I am totally
submissive.) She finally agreed to give it a try, but it would be on her
terms. She wanted to get laid without me lurking around if she felt like it.

	That next Thursday night she informed that I'd be watching the kids while
she went out on a date! I couldn't believe this was actually happening! She
ask me if I really wanted to go through with this; she said in all
likelihood she would come home having been fucked silly by some stranger. I
told her to go for it! She then told me how she had met a really cute guy
while shopping at the mall that afternoon and they agreed to meet later that
night for drinks.

	As I made dinner for the kids, my wife was in our bedroom bathing and
dressing for a date with another man. The mere thought of it made me feel
worthless, and I loved it! I no sooner had the kids fed and in bed for the
night when she emerged from our room to depart on her date. She was
absolutely stunning! She wore a tight red lycra mini-dress with just a pair
of sheer black panties underneath. On her gorgeous legs she wore sheer
black, thigh high nylon stockings and 4" black patent leather, pointed toe
pumps. Her makeup was head-turning, and she wore large, gold hoop earrings,
which looked great with her short sexy hairstyle. As she glided past me
headed for the door, she told me not to wait up - it might be a late night.
She also told me to make sure the dishes and laundry were done before she
returned. She added one more order before leaving:  she told me to sleep
upstairs in the guest room and to call in sick to work in the morning - I
would be bringing the kids to school.

	While she was on her date, I got my chores done, had a couple of beers, and
then went upstairs to the guest room to sleep. Shortly after 1:00 A.M., I
heard voices downstairs. My wife was home, and she wasn't alone. She and her
date were giggling, and it sounded like they had had a lot to drink. A few
minutes later she came into the guest room, turned on the light, and crooked
her finger at me. She still had her sexy outfit on, but now she looked
somewhat rumpled and her hair was out of place. She told me to get my sorry
ass downstairs, because she was going to show me how worthless I really was.
I sleep in the nude and asked her if I could put some clothes on; her only
reply was "don't bother".

	As I followed my wife into the family room, I saw her date reclining on our
sofa. He was about 10 years younger than me and built like a college
football player. He had blonde wavy hair and looked like he had just stepped
off a Florida beach. He was naked and as you might expect, hung like a
horse. His cock was semi-hard as he lightly stroked its nine inches. My wife
suddenly turned dominant and began to verbally humiliate me in front of her
new lover. She called me a worthless piece of shit with a pencil dick. She
told me her date was a real man with a man's size cock. Her date was
enjoying the show. As my wife continued her verbal assault, I started to get
a hard-on. Her lover joined in and called me a queer for getting so
turned-on seeing another man naked. My wife continued to berate me and told
me how her lover had already fucked her three times tonight, but she wanted
a fourth screwing. Her date said he needed a little help getting it up a
fourth time. My wife just grinned, grabbed me by the back of the head, and
forced my mouth down on his cock. She told me to suck his cock and get him
nice and hard for her. She was horny and wanted to get fucked - right now!

	I had never sucked a man's cock before, but must admit I had thought about
it often. As I kneeled between my wife's lover's legs sucking him off, my
own cock grew to its full five inches. My wife noticed me getting excited.
She went into the bedroom and quickly returned with a nylon stocking. She
tied the stocking around the base of my cock so I couldn't cum. She then
grabbed me by the hair and pulled my mouth off her lover's cock. He was hard
now and ready to fuck. My wife ordered me over to a chair and told me to
keep my mouth shut and my hands off my prick. She told me to pay attention
and watch how a real man fucks a woman. With that she threw a pillow on the
floor, stripped off her lycra mini-dress, and laid on her back on the floor.
She motioned for her stud to mount her. He didn't waste much time and was
thrusting his monster cock in and out of her in a matter of seconds. Her
stocking-clad legs were up in the air, and I fought the urge to crawl over,
slip off her pumps, and suck her toes.

	I couldn't believe what I was seeing and feeling. Some stranger was balling
my wife on our family room floor while I was told to sit and watch. I loved
it! I was so turned-on I couldn't stand it! His stamina was amazing, again
making me feel worthless. My wife was starting to cum. Her stud sensed her
impending orgasm and picked up the rhythm. He was pounding her so hard he
was lifting her ass up off the floor with each stroke. She was screaming so
loud I thought for sure she'd wake the kids. With a loud grunt he shot his
load of cum into my wife's cunt. He collapsed on top of her and left his
cock inserted in her now cum-drenched cunt.

	After a while, he rolled off her and laid at her side. They kissed and
nuzzled one another like long-lost lovers. My cock was aching - the stocking
had turned the head a deep purple. As they laid there cuddling, her stud's
cum began to ooze from her well-worn pussy. My wife obviously felt it
running out. She looked at me and said that since I wasn't man enough to
fuck her properly, I should just crawl over and clean her lover's cum out of
her cunt. I did as I was told. As I positioned my head between her legs, she
told me to remove the stocking from around my cock. I buried my face in her
cummy cunt and happily lapped away. As I did, my wife positioned her nylon
clad foot under my cock. As I licked her clean, I rubbed my cock against her
foot and shot off all over her stockings.

	After I came, my wife stuck her cum covered foot into my mouth for me to
clean it. I greedily licked my own cum off her beautiful foot. She then
stepped out of her pumps and stripped off her stockings, dropping them on
the floor. She told me to clean everything up and not to forget to get the
kids off to school in the morning. She took lover by the hand, and they went
into our bedroom and closed and locked the door. I cleaned everything up,
savoring the smell of cum on my wife's stockings and panties. I went up to
the guest room knowing that her my wife and her lover were sleeping in our
bed right below me. I fell asleep with her cum soaked stocking in my mouth....


END PART ONE. Since this is my first attempt at posting a story, I would
appreciate any feedback (positive or negative). If I get enough replies,
I'll post part two!  Subone1@aol.com



Subject:      Cum Eating Husband Part II (M/F, humiliation, fetish)
From:         subone1@aol.com
Date:         1996/11/22
Newsgroups:   alt.sex.stories


DISCLAIMER:  IF YOU ARE NOT OVER 18 YEARS OLD DO NOT READ THIS AND LEAVE
THIS NEWSGROUP. THIS IS A FICTIONAL STORY AND THE CHARACTERS DO NOT
REPRESENT ANY REAL LIVE PERSON OR PERSONS.


	The next morning when I returned from bringing the kids to school, my wife
and her lover were awake and lying in bed. My wife told me to fix them
breakfast while they showered together. When they came to the breakfast
table, she was wearing a short black, sheer negligee with matching panties.
Her lover simply wore a bright blue lycra thong, which did very little to
conceal his massive cock. As I served them breakfast, they spoke among
themselves as if I wasn't even there. They reviewed their date from the
previous night in vivid detail. I couldn't help but get hard again, and
apparently I wasn't alone.

	As I cleared away the dirty dishes from the table, my wife got down on her
knees in front of her lover. He calmly sat there at our kitchen table,
sipping coffee, while my lovely wife pulled his nine inches out of his
thong. He opened the morning paper and acted so nonchalant as my wife
started working on his cock with her pretty mouth. This went on for 15-20
minutes while I busied myself in the kitchen. Suddenly I heard him groan and
looked over just in time to see her stud deliberately pull out of her mouth
and spray his cum all over her face and hair. She was drenched. Cum ran down
her face in gobs. She cleaned him up, tucked his cock back into his thong,
and then came over to me. She stood in front of me and simply said, "Clean
me." I did as I was told. I licked her lover s cum from her face like a dog.
When I finished cleaning her face, she pointed to a glob of his cum that had
dripped off her chin to the floor. I obediently kneeled down and licked it
off our kitchen floor.

	Her lover had gone into the next room to make some business phone calls. He
apparently was preparing to leave as he had work to do. My wife had followed
him into the other room. I could hear her begging him to fuck her one more
time before he left. I couldn't believe what I was hearing! One taste of a
huge cock and my sweet little wife was pleading for more like a common
whore. Her lover finally relented, telling her to go take off her negligee
and put on some stockings and a garter belt. He told her to go wait on our
bed while he finished his phone calls. She excitedly scampered off to our
bedroom like a child on Christmas morning.

	Apparently my humiliation wasn't quite over either. After donning beautiful
taupe stockings and a black garter belt, my wife called me into the bedroom.
She told me to strip and kneel at the foot of the bed, telling me that I was
about to be treated to one more show. As she laid back on the bed with her
legs spread, her lover entered the room. He stripped off his thong and told
my wife this would have to be a quickie since he had to leave soon. For some
odd reason, she produced a rubber from the night stand and asked him to put
it on before he fucked her. Her lover came over to me at the foot of the bed
and said, "Put my rubber on so I can fuck your wife again."

	I did as I was told, unrolling the condom down the length of his erect
shaft; I was thrilled at the touch of it! He turned, got on the bed, and
quickly mounted my beautiful wife. She had hung her stockinged feet over the
bottom edge of the bed. As she was being fucked, she told me to kiss her
feet and suck her toes. With her pretty nylon clad feet in my mouth, I had a
birds-eye view of her lover's cock ramming in and out her cunt. He came
quickly this time, but his orgasm seemed to last a long time. As I continued
to nuzzle her instep, he pulled out and rolled off of her. I was amazed at
the amount of cum in the tip of his rubber! This guy had just cum on wife s
face 30 minutes ago! Now he had inflated the tip of his rubber with so much
cum it was almost the size of a golf ball.

	As he stood at the side of the bed, my wife sat up and carefully peeled the
rubber from his rapidly deflating cock. Once she had it removed, she tied a
knot close to the cum filled tip of the rubber so she wouldn't spill a drop.
The knot forced the cum into a bulb at the end, stretching the walls of the
rubber to the near bursting point. She looked over at me with a mischievous
grin and crooked her finger. I crawled over to her. She said, "I don't think
you got enough breakfast. Open up!"

	I opened my mouth, and she stuffed her lover's cum filled rubber in. She
told me to bite down. As I did, the bulbous end burst in my mouth. Cum oozed
from both corners of my mouth. My cock was rigidly extended with excitement
as I knelt there with his cum running out of my mouth. My wife asked her
lover for his phone number so she could call him again. As he recited his
number, she pulled a permanent marker from the night stand and wrote his
phone number on my rigid cock. She was laughing and said that anytime she
looked at my puny thing she'd see his number and think of a real cock. They
were both laughing hysterically as she walked him to the door and kissed him
good-bye. I listened to them laughing from the bedroom, sucking the used
rubber for every drop of his cum I could get.


END PART TWO

COMMENTS AND SUGGESTIONS ARE ALWAYS WELCOME! E-MAIL ME AT Subone1@aol.com.



Subject:      Cum Eating Husband Part III (m/f, humiliation, fetish)
From:         subone1@aol.com
Date:         1996/11/29
Newsgroups:   alt.sex.stories


DISCLAIMER:  IF YOU ARE NOT OVER 18 YEARS OLD DO NOT READ THIS AND LEAVE
THIS NEWSGROUP. THIS IS A FICTIONAL STORY AND THE CHARACTERS DO NOT
REPRESENT ANY REAL LIVE PERSON OR PERSONS.


	A few weeks had passed since my wife's first encounter with another man.
Since she had only made a passing reference to that occasion, I was
beginning to think she had changed her mind about fucking other men. I soon
discovered just how wrong I was.

	I suspected something was brewing when I came home from work on Friday and
she told me her Mother had taken the kids for the weekend. My wife explained
that it was going to be a special weekend for me. She said that as much as
she enjoyed fucking other men with big cocks, she enjoyed degrading and
humiliating me even more. And that was exactly what she had planned for the
weekend!

	She said, "Pull your cock out, I need to call a real man." She had written
her lover's (David) phone number on my cock a few weeks earlier with a fine
point permanent marker - she obviously needed his number now. She slapped my
cock a few times so it would grow and she could read his number better. As I
stood there with my five inch prick sticking out of my pants, she dialed
David's number as she had me read it off my cock to her. As  I listened to
the conversation, I was surprised to learn that David was married. My wife
was making plans to go out partying with David and his wife Karen.
Apparently, they had fixed my wife up with a friend of David's and the four
of them were going out bar hopping. When she hung up, she told me the four
of them were going out in David's luxury conversion van, and I was their
designated driver. She told me to go to the bedroom and put on my chauffeurs
uniform that she had laid out on the bed.

	I did as I was told. After showering I proceeded to put on the outfit my
wife had laid on the bed. We had played around with full-fledged
cross-dressing in the past, and I enjoyed it immensely. This outfit wasn't
quite cross-dressing however. It consisted of sheer-to-the-waist black
pantyhose, black female stretch stirrup pants with a back zipper, a black
leotard, a black leather biker jacket, a black leather cap, and black female
loafers. All that nylon and lycra felt great on my legs and especially my
cock. I might get a few strange looks, but what the heck! My wife s outfit
for the evening however would surely generate plenty of looks! She also wore
sheer-to-the-waist black pantyhose, but hers were light support with just a
touch of shiny lycra. She wore them without panties, telling me, "That's why
they make them with a sheer panty - so I can show off my cunt." She wore a
black leather mini skirt, white silk button down blouse with a black push-up
bra underneath. On her gorgeous feet she wore her four inch black patent
leather pumps that I love so much.

	A little after 7:00 p.m. the door bell rang, and her friends came in. As
the four of them stood in our front hall, David hugged and kissed my wife as
if no one else was there - especially me. As he hugged her, he pulled her
mini skirt up in back and ran his hands all over her nylon covered ass. I
meekly stood in the background and watched as he groped my wife. David and
Karen then introduced my wife to her date for the night, Jason. He was every
bit as broad as David and even a little taller. He swept my petite wife up
in his arms and kissed her like they were already lovers! While this was
going on, Karen came over to me, roughly grabbed my crotch and whispered in
my ear that she "had plans for me tonight." She said that the boys were
going to give my wife a night she'd always remember, and she was going to
keep me occupied while they did her. Karen said David and Jason were
actually both taking my wife out tonight, and she was just along for the
ride. Karen said they were going to fuck my wife hard, real hard.

	I fixed the four of them a round of drinks while they chatted. They were
soon ready to go and piled into the back of the van. I took my chauffeur's
position in the front and was told to head downtown to the restored historic
section where all the hot bars are. I had a great view of the back of the
van through the rear view mirror. My wife was sitting in the middle of the
rear bench seat with Jason and David sitting on either side of her. Karen
sat in one of the middle captain chairs and had turned her seat around to
watch the show just starting on the back seat. I had a great view of Karen's
sexy, crossed legs in addition to my wife and her pair of studs.

	They had packed a cooler of beer in the van and the four of them were
already on their second round. I was barely out of our driveway when I
looked in the rear view mirror and saw Jason s hands down my wife s blouse
while he French kissed her. David had spread her legs, hiked her skirt up,
and was rubbing her cunt through her sheer pantyhose. My wife was rubbing
both of their cock through their pants and starting to get very aroused.
Karen told me to skip the bar and head for the city park - she didn't want
this show interrupted; neither did I!

	The action on the back seat paused briefly while they all got another beer.
My wife is not a big drinker and this was her third beer in an hour. I
pulled the van into a dark desolate part of the park and shut the engine
off. Karen turned on the interior lights - she didn't was me to miss seeing
my wife get fucked and sucked by David and Jason. Karen then pulled a joint
out of her purse and fired it up. They were really going to get my wife
messed up! We hadn't smoked dope since college 15 years ago, so she was
really going to feel the effects. The four of them polished off two joints
and were starting to get real loose. Jason pulled a pocket knife out, pushed
my wife s legs apart, and cut a hole in the crotch of her pantyhose. He got
down on his knees and started eating her cunt like a wild animal. David
stood up on the back seat, facing my wife, and was straddling her face. He
pulled his huge cock out and shoved it in her mouth. He rammed her mouth so
hard and fast that I could hear her gagging in the front seat! David was
calling her names like cock-sucking whore, bitch, slut, etc. All the while
Jason lapped at her cunt.

	While this was going on, Karen caught me staring at her high-heeled pump
dangling from her foot. She called me to her and had me kneel at her feet.
She let her pump drop off her toes to the floor and stuck her nylon-clad
foot up to my lips. I made love to her pretty foot while watching my wife
get worked over by her two studs just a few feet away. A second later, David
pulled out of my wife s mouth and dumped his load on her tits, soaking her
blouse with his cum so you could clearly see her bra underneath. After
spraying my wife, David stepped aside so Jason could mount her. Karen was
stroking my hair as if I were her pet. I was close to coming but held off,
enjoying the show. As I continued to suck Karen s foot, Jason pounded his
cock into my petite wife, literally rocking the van as he did.

	I had my cock out of my pantyhose and was stroking it like crazy. Karen
picked up her high-heel, handed it to me and said. "Shoot your measly load
in here." Just then, Jason groaned, my wife screamed, and I came! I filled
the heel of Karen's pump with my cum just as Jason filled my wife s pussy
with his cum. After what seemed like an eternity, Jason pulled his cock out
of my wife s cunt - making a loud slurping sound as he did. I looked over at
wife with cum on her chest and her pussy hanging wide open. She called me to
her and told me to hold Karen's pump under her cunt. She squatted over the
high-heel and deposited Jason's load into Karen s shoe so it mixed with my
cum. She then straddled the top of my head as I kneeled there and ground her
cunt into my hair to dry off any excess cum of Jason's.

	The four of them decided they were hungry and had to have a hamburger. I
guess the munchies had set in! They told me to drive to the closest
hamburger place and go through the drive thru lane. As I drove, my wife
climbed into the front seat next to me. She was holding Karen's cum-filled
pump. When we got to the speaker to place our order, my wife told me to
order just a straw. The girl in the hamburger joint thought we were nuts,
only ordering one straw and no food! When we got to the pickup window, the
girl handed me the straw. At the same time, my wife handed me Karen s
cummed-in pump and told me to "drink up."  I did as I was told - unwrapping
the straw and sticking it into the cum-filled heel of Karen's pump. My wife
then casually leaned over me and said to the girl, "He loves to eat cum out
of high-heels.  Doesn't matter who's cum is it either!"

	At that the girl slammed the her window shut, and my wife and her friends
were all laughing uproariously. And me, I sucked every bit of cum I could
through that straw, then licked the interior of Karen's shoe with my tongue
so as not to miss a drop. I then held the pump out to my wife and said,
"More please?"


End Part III

COMMENTS AND SUGGESTIONS ARE ALWAYS WELCOME! E-MAIL ME AT Subone1@aol.com.

