Archive-name: Family/cumlust.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Cum Lust - Teri


Chapter 1

      Bobby and Barry couldn't take their eyes off their teenage cousin Teri
when she walked into the den wearing those silky, black jogging shorts, slit
up the sides, and a loose-fitting cropped top that barely covered those huge
titties of hers.  The boys could see the rounded, soft under-sides of her firm
tits peeking out of the bottom of her shirt.  Their cocks jumped and started
growing in their swimsuits.

      "Hi Bobby, hi Barry," she chirped as she lazily walked over to the small
couch they were sitting on.  "What's going on?"  Her eyes naturally zeroed in
on their crotches, and when she saw the bulges there, she momentarily lost her
breath.

      "Oh, not much," Barry said as Teri plopped down between them, her firm
tits bouncing just enough that her nipples peeked out for a fraction of a
second.  "We were just about to go out to the pool and get some sun.  What are
you up to?"  The boys could hear their hearts beating in their ears.

      Teri looked from one to the other, lightly rubbing her hands on their
hairy, bare legs.  "I was hoping you guys would keep me company for a while,"
she said, giving them that innocent, little girl look with those big blue eyes
of hers.  She gathered her lower lip under her front teeth and continued
sliding her hands up and down the boys' thighs, sometimes just touching the
thin, nylon material covering their crotches.
  
      "Unnnggg, you guys are so muscular," she cooed, rolling her eyes up at
each boy in turn.

      Their tight bikini-style swimsuits were straining to hold their cocks
down, but without much success.  Bobby and Barry groaned, slouching down a
little and slightly spreading their legs.  Their eyes devoured Teri's
luscious, five-foot four-inch, sixteen year old body, wondering how such a
petite girl wound up with those big, grapefruit-sized tits.  Her rigid nipples
jutted out a half inch from her pink, puffy aureoles, faintly visible through
the thin cotton of her top.
  
      Bobby reached over from her right side and began stroking her smooth,
lightly tanned thighs.  Her cunt juice had already leaked onto her thighs,
lubricating his fingertips as he massaged the tender area next to her shaved
pussy.
  
      At the same time, Barry began rubbing his hand across Teri's smooth,
flat belly, poking his finger into her navel, angling it around like it was a
cock exploring her pussy.  He slid his hand along her 20-inch waist and
gradually moved higher up, the back of his hand rubbing up against the bottoms
of her tits, feeling the heat coming from them.  Her soft titties jiggled like
jello as she squirmed on the couch.

      "Ummmmm," Teri whispered, looking down at her body.

      Bobby easily slid two fingers, then three, past Teri's swollen, greasy
pussy lips and into her cunt.  His thumb diddled her hot little clit while he
worked his fingers back and forth, whipping her cunt juices into a froth.

      "Oooooh yeaahhhh, that feels sooooo good," Teri moaned as Bobby and
Barry mauled her tits and pussy.  She began pulling their legs farther apart,
running the palms of her hands over their semi-hard cocks.
  
      Barry nosed her left tit around, flicking her nipple through her shirt
with his tongue.  He pulled her top up over her huge knockers.  As he began
licking and sucking her nipples, Teri watched, mesmerized at the sight of his
wet tongue pushing her tits this way and that, making them jiggle.

      Teri had a beautiful baby face, with a perfect complexion, big, bright
blue eyes with long eyelashes, a cute little pixie nose, and full, sensuous
lips.  Her mouth turned down a little at the corners, giving her a natural
pouty look.  She had a few freckles on her nose and cheeks, and long, natural
platinum blonde hair tied up in pigtails that reached almost to her nipples.  
Wispy bangs arched over her forehead.  She loved to cock-tease, but she was a
cock-pleaser, too, never allowing cum-filled balls to remain full for long. 
She loved to be felt up and used as a sex object.  There was nothing she liked
better than to see stiff cocks squirting heavy loads of hot cum all over her
freshly fucked body, especially all over her face.  Teri knew she was a hot
little cumslut, and she loved it.

      "Oooooh, yeah, Teri, that's nice," Barry murmured as she played with his
balls through his swimsuit.  Barry got up on his knees, facing Teri, with his
crotch even with her pouty, half-open mouth.
  
      "Do you like it when I play with your balls?" she asked, hefting the
huge sack in her hand, rolling his balls around like big marbles.  "They're
sooooo big.  I'll bet they're just full of that hot sticky stuff I like,
aren't they?" she teased, her mouth still open as she looked up at him.  Barry
just groaned, staring down at her cute face.

      Bobby followed his brother, but pulled his suit completely off before
getting up on his knees, his cock bobbing up and down next to Teri's head as
he leaned toward her.  Teri was staring at the huge bulge in Barry's swimsuit,
gently massaging his balls through the material, when Bobby started jacking
his nine-inch cock back and forth, inches away from his slut cousin's angelic
face.

      "Oh God, your cocks are so big," Teri said, her breath shortening.  She
looked from one crotch to the other, grabbing Bobby's exposed ball sack,
gently kneading it and pulling it, scratching gently with her long, painted
fingernails between his balls and asshole.  Teri bit her lower lip and raised
her eyebrows, rolling her eyes up like an innocent little girl as she looked
from one boy to the other, and said, "Can I suck on 'em?," she asked,
glancing quickly from their cockheads to their faces, leaving her mouth partly
open in anticipation.

      "Maybe," Barry said with mock seriousness.

      Adopting a hurt look, Teri offered, "I'll do anything you want me to,"
she promised.

      "Well," Bobby said, "we'll see."  All three of them laughed at that,
knowing that every hole in Teri's firm young body was soon going to be stuffed
with a hard, slippery cock and plugged with multiple loads of fresh jism.

      As Barry tugged his suit down, Teri turned her head toward Bobby's cock-
head, fascinated with the lengthening string of pre-cum leaking out of his
cumhole.  It grew longer and longer until finally, just before the end of it
touched her right tit, it snapped off of his dickhead and fell in a sticky
glob on her nipple.  Slack-jawed, her tongue quivering with desire for cock,
Teri watched as Bobby pushed his fat dickhead down against her tit and slowly
smeared his thick pre-cum around and around her distended nipple, distorting
the shape of his spongy cockknob and making her big tit squirm.

       Bobby was justly proud of his cock, especially the head.  It was huge,
like a fat, ripe, purple plum.  Teri stared at Bobby's dickhead, almost
paralyzed with lust.  Drool collected in her mouth as she watched Bobby prod
her nipple, his wet cockhead sliding around easily.
  
      When Bobby lifted his cock off of Teri's tit, a sticky string of fluid
stretched out between his cockhead and her nipple, connecting the two.  Teri
immediately moved her head toward it, sticking out her long, thick, tongue to
catch it dangling from his soaking wet dickhead.  Her nose bumped into the tip
of his dick, and it slipped off across her left cheek, below her eye, leaving
a smudge of juice on her nose and a wet trail behind it.

      "Uhnnnggg, oooooh," she moaned, looking up at Bobby, hoping he would
tell her to wrap her lips around his cock and suck it.  Her body writhed as
Bobby continued finger-fucking her sopping wet cunt.
  
      Grinning, he began massaging Teri's face with his dickhead, rubbing back
and forth along her nose, cheeks, and forehead.  Every time he swiped his
swollen cockhead along her wet lips, she momentarily caught it between them
and bathed it in drool with her fat tongue.  Then he would smear it again all
over her upturned face, leaving fresh trails of spit crisscrossing her
features.  A few stray blonde hairs around her face were plastered to her
skin, caught in the sticky juice that Bobby's cock left on her face.  She
moved her head around slightly to make sure he covered every inch of her
beautiful skin as he gave her a facial massage with his dickhead.

      "Yeah, that looks great, Bobby," Barry said from behind the camcorder he
was aiming at Teri's face.  "This'll look good on the big-screen TV."
  
      Surprised, Teri's heavy-lidded eyes shifted from Bobby's cock to the
camera lens, widening with excitement at being photographed.  Teri gave the
camera a big smile, her big blue eyes fixed on the lens while her head
continued moving around slowly against Bobby's cockhead, her glistening, pink
tongue dripping with strings of spit.  Sunlight from the bay window bathed
their smooth, young bodies in a bright, warm light, bringing out the beauti-
ful colors of Teri's freckled face, lips, and tongue, and reflecting off the
taut, shiny-wet skin of the Bobby's blood-engorged cock as he massaged Teri's
perfect skin.

      Barry pulled back for a wide-angle shot to get Teri's spread-eagled legs
and pink, swollen pussy into the picture.  All he could hear were Teri's
gasping moans as Bobby rubbed his throbbing cock all over her face, harder and
faster, automatically thrusting his hips.

      "Oh, man, I'm going to cum soon," Bobby moaned, his voice quavering in
fuck lust.  "Suck it," he told Teri.

      Teri instantly obeyed, her eyes brightening in anticipation.  Teri's
tongue cradled his dickhead as she thrust her head over Bobby's cock, her
cheeks hollowing from the suction.  Her smiling eyes looked up toward him for
a moment, then dropped back to the camera lens, her jaws stretched to the
limit by Bobby's huge cock.  The wide-angle close-up of the video camera
exaggerated the size of his cock as she screwed her head around on it, giving
a detailed look at the action.
  
      "Uhn, uhn, uhn, uhn," Teri croaked each time Bobby drove his spit-shiny
cock into her face.
  
      She tugged at his ballsack, unconsciously squeezing it slightly,
thinking of hot jets of cum.  Teri's head jabbed forward with each thrust, his
cockhead almost going down her throat each time.  She couldn't get more than
half of his cock into her mouth, it was so big.  Strings of bubbly spit began
to form on the underside of Bobby's cockshaft, and snapped off onto Teri's
right tit, rolling off down the side of her body.  Bobby suddenly froze, a
lust-contorted expression on his wide-eyed face.
  
      "UHHHH.....UHHHHHHH...UHHHHHHH!" Bobby gasped uncontrollably.  Teri
bobbed her head over his cock as fast as she could, turning her head this way
and that.  "I'M CUUUMINGGGGGGGG!" he yelled, pulling his cock out of her mouth
with a loud pop.  He jacked it furiously, his dickhead just above the tip of
her chin.

      "Oh, yeah, cum in my face....cum in my face...ooooooooh," Teri pleaded.
Her dilated eyes shifted to the twitching cumhole at the tip of Bobby's fat,
cockhead, an inch away from her face, just as the first thick stream of cum
jetted out.

      "UHHNG," he gasped, as it arched out of his dickhead in a long, ropy jet
above her beautiful baby face, dropping toward it as if in slow-motion.  It
landed across her face with a wet-sounding splat, forming a thick line of
sticky jism on her forehead, gluing some of her bangs together, and across the
bridge of her nose and her lips, down to the tip of her chin, where a thin
strand of cum was still connected to Bobby's cumhole.
   
      "UHHNG...." Bobby gasped again, as another thick jet of cum shot from
his bursting cockhead.  Just as heavy as the first spurt, this one hooked over
the left side of her face and hit her ear, pooling in it, then crossed her eye
and freckled cheek before again covering her lips and chin.  His jism was so
thick it didn't break apart over Teri's long eyelashes as she blinked.

      Teri was slowly moving her face from side to side, trying to catch all
of Bobby's cum.  She wiggled her glistening tongue hard against the spit-
coated underside of his cockhead, its rough texture against his sensitive skin
causing spasms in his cum muscles.  Teri gazed at Bobby's bubbling cumhole,
mesmerized by the sight of so much cum squirting out of it.

      "UHHNG...UHHNG...UHHNG," Bobby gasped in rapid succession, as three more
heavy loads of cum blasted from the tip of his bloated cockhead.  Each one
flew into the air above Teri's pretty face, then fell across her hair and face
in long, squiggly lines of hot cum.
  
      Some heavier globs began to ooze down the sides of her face as Bobby
rubbed his cum-dripping cockhead against her right cheek at the corner of her
mouth.  A couple of thick, white strings of cum began to fall slowly off of
Teri's face.  A stringy glob dangled from her eyelashes, merging with a pool
of jism high on her cheekbone.  Teri's big, blue eyes looked directly into the
camera as she continued bathing Bobby's dickhead with her fat tongue,fine
spiderwebs of jism connecting her lips and tongue with the huge cumhead.
  
      After several minutes of this, Teri gently bit her lower lip, bowing her
head slightly as she raised her eyes to the camera, looking as though she knew
she was a bad girl, but knowing you'd forgive her for being naughty.
  
      "Ohhhh, yeaaaahhhh, you're such a hot little cock-sucker," Bobby said as
she continued rubbing her cum-smeared face on his cock, giving the camera that
pouty, "I've been bad" look.

      She said, disappointed, "But that was only one cock.  I wanted both of
them."  Smiling, she looked down at Barry's semi-hard dick.  He was on his
knees between Teri's thighs, the tip of his horse-cock being tickled by the
shag carpet.

      "Come one Barry, it's your turn," Bobby said.  He milked his cock one
last time, a grape-sized glob of congealed cum oozing out of his cumhole. 
Teri's tongue was waiting for it and she licked it up, savoring its flavor.
  
      Barry handed the camcorder to Bobby, then straddled Teri's belly,
slapping her big tits with his semi-hard cock.

      "Ummmm, your cock is soooo big, "Teri said, pulling her elbows in toward
her sides to push her tits up more.  "Yeah, beat me with it," she urged him.
 
      Her fingers kneaded his balls as he pushed and slapped her titties this
way and that, his cock growing.  Teri thrust her cum-spattered head toward his
cock, trying to give his dickhead a good lick each time he swung it close to
her face.  Sometimes she missed it, giggling, but every time she caught it
with her wet tongue, Barry involuntarily let out a low groan.

      Bobby was now on his knees next to the sofa, aiming the camcorder at
Teri and Barry's cock.

      "You can fuck my tits if you want to," Teri said, hoping Barry would
take her up on her offer.

      "You like to have your titties fucked, little girl?" Barry asked,
letting Teri lick his cockhead with increasing frequency as he continued
batting her tits around.

      "I love it when guys fuck my titties, 'cause it makes 'em cum real
hard," she cooed.

      "You like cum all over your face?" Barry asked, grinning lustfully.
He held his cock still while Teri gave his swollen dickhead a spit-bath with
her tongue.  Barry rhythmically jacked his hard, ten-inch cock, milking
strings of pre-cum up his cockshaft and onto Teri's tongue.

      "I love it in my mouth and all over my face," she said in her little
girl voice, smiling coyly up at him.

      Barry's answer to that was to thrust his hips forward, allowing Teri to
clamp her lips around his cockhead.  Her eyes heavy with lust, she looked back
to the camera lens as she slowly bobbed her head, turning it slightly this way
and that, sucking his cock.

      Barry abruptly pulled his cock out of her suctioning mouth, trailing
strings of spit after it, and slotted it in between her huge, firm knockers. 
He fucked his cock back and forth in the soft envelope of her wet, sticky
tits, still slimy with Bobby's cum.  Teri bent her head down and pushed her
tits together, her mouth open and ready to catch his cockhead with her wet
lips and tongue.  Barry knew he wouldn't be doing this very long because he
could feel his balls starting to contract.

      Teri forgot all about the camera as she concentrated on Barry's cock. 
"Umm...umm...umm...umm," she moaned with each thrust of his throbbing hardon
between her huge titties.

      Barry was breathing in gasps, his hips thrusting more insistently.
"Uhnnnggg," he gasped, letting his slippery dick pop out of her cleavage,
"Jack it off...jack it off," he croaked, letting Teri wrap her small hand
around his cock.  His cock was so big, she couldn't get her hand all the way
around it.  Her other hand kneaded and squeezed his huge balls, trying to work
his cum up through his cock and out into her waiting mouth.

      Bobby moved in closer as Teri furiously jerked off Barry, her head
tilted back slightly, his dickhead resting on her extended tongue.  She looked
so sexy with all those white cum trails snaking all over her face, across her
eyelids and eyebrows, mixed into her bangs, rolling off the sides of her
cheeks into her hair, and coating her lips and chin.  The boys couldn't wait
to see what she would look like with another heavy load of cum all over that
pretty face.

      "Here it comes...!", Barry exclaimed, hunching over as his cum muscles
contracted.  He and Teri were both staring, wide-eyed, at the tip of his
glistening cock, as jets of cum began shooting out of his cockknob. 
"Unnnggg....uhn....uhn....uhn....uhn....uhn," Barry yelled as he pumped six
long streamers of sticky jism across Teri's waiting face.
  
      Teri was in heaven, one hand dropping to her pussy to work her clit
around.  She squirmed on the sofa as Barry's cock delivered its hot load to
her cute, freckled face.
  
      The first four jets arched up into her blonde hair, leaving fat,
glistening pearls of jism dotting her hair from ear to ear, the tail-end of
each cum-string falling across her features, filling in the blanks that
Bobby's cum loads had left.  The last two jets of cum weren't as forceful, and
squirted directly into Teri's open mouth, covering her tongue.  She rolled it
around with her tongue, coating the inside of her mouth with the sticky
substance, enjoying the smell and taste of fresh, thick jism.  She gave the
camera another big smile, slowly closed her sticky lips to swallow her
mouthful of cum, then smiled again.

      Bobby set the camera on the tripod and joined Barry on the sofa in
giving Teri a facial massage, rubbing their cocks all around, redistributing
globs of cum, and slapping her cute face with their cocks in loud, wet splats. 
They mauled her big titties, smearing cum around her erect nipples, and
occasionally thrust a cock into her mouth, watching her cheeks hollow while
she tried to extract the last drops of jism.




Chapter 2


      They stayed on the sofa like that for at least ten minutes, and by that
time the boys were ready to cum again.  Their cocks were hard and their balls
were starting to ache.  The camcorder was still running, and they adjusted it
for a wide-angle shot.

      "Stand up and take off your clothes," Barry said to Teri.

      Teri's heart thumped hard in her chest and her body tingled as she got
up off the sofa.  Smiling at the camera, she pulled her top over her head,
pulling a few thin strings of cum with it, then shook her shoulders, making
her big tits jiggle like jello.  Then she hooked her thumbs in the sides of
her jogging shorts and pushed them down one side at a time, shifting her hips
slowly and sensuously.  After she got them down a few inches, she turned
around so her cute, rounded ass faced the camera, and leaned over slightly. 
She looked over her shoulder and continued removing her shorts, shaking her
ass while she did so.  A six-inch long strand of cum hanging from her jaw
caught on her shoulder as she turned her head back toward the camera.
  
      Bobby and Barry stood on either side of her, their hard cocks jutting
out from their bodies, and felt her up good as she took off her shorts.  Each
boy had a handful of tit in one hand, and rubbed her asscheeks with the other
as Teri pushed her shorts over her ass and down her thighs.  Their cocks
rubbed against her smooth skin, leaving small wet spots dotting her sides
where their hot, leaking dickheads touched her.

      "Ummmmm, yeaaahhh," she cooed, enjoying the feel of their hands and
probing fingers on her body.  She could feel their hot cocks rubbing against
her body as she continued moving her ass from side to side.  She spread her
legs slightly so the boys could easily finger-fuck her.

      "Get this wet," Barry told Teri as he thrust his middle finger toward
her face.  She encased the entire digit in her mouth, bathing it in spit.  He
took it out of her mouth and, pulling on one asscheek to open it better, put
the end of his finger against her asshole, rubbing it around a little, pushing
lightly.

      "Ooooooh," Teri moaned, her pouty, cum-smeared mouth forming an oval, as
she felt Barry's fingertip penetrate her asshole.  He slowly pushed his finger
all the way in, then drew it out again.  Teri's butt muscles squeezed his
finger tightly as he began plunging it in and out of her asshole faster and
more roughly.

      Meanwhile, Bobby had been stirring her pussy juices around with the
three fingers he was sliding in and out of her greasy cunt.  After a few
minutes of feverish finger-fucking and tit-squeezing, Bobby and Barry decided
it was time to fuck Teri with their cocks instead of their fingers.

      They pulled their fingers out of her holes and turned her around,
pushing her to knees.  Teri was a sight to see.  She sat on her wide-spread
legs in front of the camera with her back arched slightly, pushing her big
titties out.  Her nipples were hard and pointed upward and outward from her
firm, rounded globes.  Strings of cum that had dripped off her face laced her
chest.  You couldn't see many freckles under all the squiggly white trails and
loops of jism on her face, and several strings still hung from her jaw, slowly
stretching toward her titties.  One heavy string hung off her left eyelash and
connected with a white glob on her cheek.  Her bangs were glued to her
forehead and several white lines glistened across her hair.

      Posing for the camera, she put on that pouty look, turning her glisten-
ing face slightly to one side.  She gazed into the camera with that naughty
girl look of hers while Bobby and Barry swung their cocks around, bumping her
face and head, smearing cum along her skin and through her long, blonde hair.

      "You didn't know little Teri was naughty girl, did you," she said coyly,
glancing up at the boys, not expecting an answer.  Teri's baby-blue eyes
shifted from the camera lens to their cockheads and back again as she moved
her head around, enjoying the feel of their heavy, blood-engorged cocks
rubbing and slapping her face.

      "I wanna make you cum some more," she cooed, turning her face upward to
meet their cocks.  Each boy in turn pressed his cockhead against her lips,
letting her slide her hot mouth over the head for a quick suck before he
pulled it out with a pop.  Her cheeks hollowed each time she got a cockhead
in her mouth.

      "Umm...umm...umm...," she moaned as she moved her head back and forth,
sucking one dickhead, then the other.  Teri held her greasy, swollen cunt lips
open with one hand while she fucked herself with the fingers of her other
hand.  By this time, the cum on her face was spread out thin and was starting
to dry to a smooth gloss.  Drier spots had already started to crust a little.
Teri could feel her spunk-sprayed skin tighten up as some of the jism dried.

      "I want to fuck her doggy-style," Barry said, jacking his aching cock
and bouncing it off Teri's face.

      "Yeah, that sounds good," Bobby said.  "Get up on the sofa, Teri," he
said, watching her as she moved, his heart thumping wildly.

      Teri slowly and sensuously got up off the floor and turned around,
putting her knees far apart on the edge of the sofa.  She rested her arms on
the back of it, relaxing her muscles to a sway-backed position.  She looked
over her shoulder, smiling, and slowly wagged her ass at the boy's cocks,
inviting them to fuck her.  Her big tits pointed downward, jiggling a little
as she moved.
  
      Bobby moved the camera off to one side to get her thighs, ass, and face
in the picture as Barry moved up behind her, his dickhead aiming at her shiny-
wet pussy.  Teri reached around and pulled on her asscheek, opening her pussy
some more, to make it easy for Barry to stick his cock in.

      "Oooooh, come on, fuck my cunt.....fuck it hard," she said as Barry
rubbed his cockhead around on her pussy lips, getting it wet.
  
      "Oh, yeaahh," Barry moaned as he slid his hard cock into Teri's burning
hot cunt, "that feels sooooo good."  He began pumping, first slowly, then
faster and harder, shoving his cock into her slippery pussy up to his balls. 
Barry pummeled Teri's body, jarring it with each thrust, making her huge
knockers swing and vibrate with the movement.

      Bobby got up on the sofa, swinging one leg over it so he could sit on
the back of it.  His throbbing cock stood up next to Teri's face, and she
wasted no time in attacking it with her mouth and tongue.  First, she nudged
his huge balls around with the tip of her tongue, bathing his ballsack in
spit.  Then she opened her mouth wide and sucked in a whole ball, gently
massaging it with her tongue.  She let that one go and sucked in the other
one, working on it for a while.  She couldn't get both balls into her mouth at
the same time because they were so big.

      Teri's body twitched and pumped back and forth on the cocks fucking her
mouth and pussy.  After five minutes of feverish fucking, Teri's chin and
thighs were soaked in spit and cunt juice.

      "Let's have a slut sandwich," Bobby said to Barry, pulling his cock out
of Teri's mouth.

      "Yeah, sounds good," Barry replied.  Teri waited for them to tell her
what they wanted her to do, slowly rotating her ass and moaning, "Ummmmmm."

      Barry slouched on the sofa next to Teri, his shiny cock sticking
straight up, saying, "Sit on it, slut.  Bobby's gonna fuck your ass while I
fuck your cunt."

      Teri's mouth formed an oval shape, a low moan escaping from her lips, as
she shifted herself over Barry and sank down on his cock.  Bobby immediately
pressed his dickhead against her asshole and gently pushed forward, feeling
her sphincter relax, and sank his cock up to his balls in her tight little
ass.

      "Ahhhhhh, ohhhhhhhh, that's niiiice," Teri moaned, feeling the two huge
cocks sliding all the way into and out of her slippery holes.
 
      After only a couple of minutes, Bobby croaked, "Oh...oh...oh...I'm going
to cum soon."

      Barry echoed Bobby's statement with, "Me too, uhng...uhng..."

      "Let's jack off on her face and tits," Bobby said to Barry.  Teri smiled
at the thought of seeing those big swollen dickheads spitting jism all over
her.  She needed to feel fresh cum loads raining down on her body.  She
couldn't wait to get some more.

      Her words came out in a jerky rhythm as the two boys pounded her body
with their hard cocks, "Oh, yeah, I wanna see your cocks shoot all over me.
It smells so goooood."

      Bobby pulled his cock out of her ass at the same time that Teri lifted
herself off of Barry's cock.  She got back down on her knees, facing the
camera, as Barry and Bobby moved up next to her on each side, jacking their
cocks in front of her waiting face.  Teri reached up to fondle their balls as
she pressed her face against each cockhead in turn, swiping the heads with her
spit-soaked tongue.

      "Ahhhhhh, ohhhhhh," each boy moaned, feeling their cum loads shooting up
their cockshafts, burning like a stream of fire.  Their hands were a blur on
their cocks as they pointed their dickheads at Teri's face.

      When Teri felt their cum muscles contracting, she opened her mouth wide
and stuck out her tongue, looking from one cockhead to the other, hoping to
catch the first load directly in her face.

      Bobby came first with a powerful spurt onto the right side of her face,
landing in the hair by her forehead and extending down her cheek. 
Simultaneously, Barry fired a thick, heavy streamer full in her face, hitting
her right between the eyes and spashing out across her forehead, with the tail
end plopping down across her nose and left cheek.

      The boys aimed their cocks lower with each blast, coating her cheeks and
mouth next, then plastering her neck and chest.  Teri took her hands from
their balls and pushed her tits up as long, ropy strands of cum rained down
across them, hanging off her nipples and fingers and merging with drooping
strings dangling from her cum-covered face.
  
      Slack-jawed with cum lust, Teri starred into the camera, licking her
cum-blotched lips and massaging warm, sticky globs of jism into her tits. 
Bobby and Barry lazily prodded and slapped her wet face with their semi-hard
cocks.

      "It's your turn, now," she said, smiling at the camera lens.




Chapter 3


      Teri's big sister, Cyndi, had left the house early for her interview. 
She was applying for a summer job as a secretary at a small accounting firm so
she could make some money for her first semester at college.
  
      Like Teri, Cyndi was beautiful.  She was a redhead, about five-feet,
six-inches tall, with big, almond-shaped brown eyes, high cheekbones, and a
full, pouty mouth.  Her hair was stylish, with waves and curls framing her
face and falling below her shoulders.  Her tits were as big as Teri's, and
she had a tiny waist, a pile-driving ass, and long, meaty legs.

      Cyndi was dressed in her sexiest outfit, a stretchy, white miniskirt
with a frilly, sleeveless, white blouse cut in a sharp vee to show her ample
cleavage.  She wore high heels and stockings, with a garter belt and thong
panties.  Even if she didn't know much about accounting, she would at least be
nice to look at, she thought.  And if she was lucky, working for this company
might even be a lot of fun.

      Sam Morris's eyes almost popped out of their sockets when Cyndi walked
into his office, his mouth falling open as he scanned her body from top to
bottom.

      "Come in, Miss McDowell," he said.  Nervously coming around his desk, he
offered her a chair directly in front of it.
  
      "Thank you, Mr. Morris," Cyndi replied.  She sat down and crossed her
legs, allowing her skirt to hike up almost to her crotch.  She wanted to show
off her beautiful, smooth thighs.  The tops of her stockings and her garter
straps were in full view, and she knew Mr. Morris would be interested in
looking at her thighs.  She smiled up at him, leaning forward slightly, her
blouse straining to hold her big titties.

       He could hardly believe what he was seeing.  This new girl acted like
showing herself off was the most natural thing in the world.  Sam smiled and
leaned back on the edge of his desk, hoping his growing cock wasn't too
obvious to her. He felt a thin line of sweat forming on his forehead, and
found it a little hard to take a deep breath, with his heart pounding like it
was.

      Cyndi noticed Sam's cock right away.  She didn't really understand why
her eyes always went first to a man's crotch, but she knew she had an effect
on men that caused them to act nervous and made their pants bulge out.  Cyndi
tried not to look at his crotch while he interviewed her, but she couldn't
seem to concentrate on what he was saying.  She felt her pussy starting to
itch a little.

[TO BE CONTINUED...]
--
