Cum Party
^^^^^^^^^

     It was a hot weekend in July when Mitch proposed a cum party.
Mitch loved cum, his own or other boys';  he loved to jerk him-self
off and then massage his own juices into his body -- he did this
almost nightly.  The guest list was fairly intimate: only twelve
boys including Mitch were to be invited.  First up was his
boyfriend, Jaret.  Jaret and Mitch had been going together for
years and were best friends as well as lovers.  Also invited was
Mitch's kid brother, Lawrence.  Lawrence's boyfriend, of course,
was also on the list.  That was Corey, my boyfriend's little
brother.  Me and my lover, Mark, were next on the list, followed by
the Mitchell brothers, Sean and Kenny.  Chad and Dave were next,
the sons of a rabbi and two ministers respectively.
Rounding out the list were Andrew and Greg, the yearbook editors.
Andrew was my boyfriend's ex, but we all got along well.  After
all, everyone had fucked everyone else at one point or another. A
dozen hot and horny teenage boys.  Incredible.
     We all agreed not to jerk off completely for the week leading
up to the party so we would have a lot of cream to shoot on that
weekend.  All week, we would get ourselves hard, but not off --this
stimulated our bodies to produce more and more cum until our balls
felt swollen with cum.  Of course, this also meant that by Friday
night, we were all horny as hell!  So it was with a well-packed
crotch that Mark picked me up at nine o'clock Friday night, and it
was with an equally well-packed crotch that I slid into the front
seat and gave him a hot open-mouthed kiss.  I squeezed his thigh
seductively as we drove off to Mitch's place.      Corey was in the
back seat, masturbating slowly with one of his fuckbooks.  Both
Mark and Corey had impressive collections of both hard- and soft-
core porn materials, as well as a few sex toys.  For a fifteen-year
old, Corey was remarkably well-built. Hung an impressive seven
inches, Corey's thick, cut prick arched up and curved back towards
his stomach so that every stroke he pumped into your ass hit your
prostate, sending you into fuck heaven.  My cock throbbed just to
think about it as I watched Corey in the rear-view mirror, jerking
off in the back seat. Mark's hand on my crotch instantly brought me
back to reality as we sped up the freeway.
     "Easy, boy," Mark grinned, "my brother's taken you know."   
"I know" I said sheepishly.
     Corey looked up from his fuckbook.
     "Good thing you're not driving, Chris!"  Corey teased.  He
packed away his fuckbook and somehow managed to tuck his still hard
fuckpole into his tight jeans.  I blushed and Mark smiled at me.
     It was almost ten by the time we pulled into Mitch's darkened
house, and most of the guys were there already.  Lawrence was
waiting by the door in his cut-off jeans and a tank top.  He was
anxiously awaiting us and he seemed relieved to see his
boyfriend.
     "Christ, Corey, I was afraid you weren't coming!  What took
you so long, my cock's been waiting for you!"
     "Relax, lover, I'm here.  Mark was late picking Chris up,
that's all.  But I'm here now."
     The two young studs were out of their clothes and all over one
another in seconds, and Mark and I had to literally step over their
naked and entwined bodies to get through the inner door. Mark
watched his little brother getting it on and smiled indul-gently.
     "Yeah...that's my bro..."  Mark said softly.
     "Oh yeah.  He's definitely your brother, Mark"  I chided as I
unloaded the last of our bags.  There was a distinct family
resemblance between Mark and Corey:  both were dark-haired and
fair-skinned boys with impressive equipment.  Oh yeah, and barely
satiable sexual appetites.  Mark and I joined the others in the
basement where the orgy was to take place. 
     Mitch and Jaret walked into the room, stark naked, carrying
six-packs of beer from the cold room.  Mitch's dark hair and eyes
contrasted beautifully with his fair complexion and his seven inch
erection stuck out erotically from between his sleek thighs.
Jaret's blonde hair and blue-green eyes gave him a classical beauty
and his well-muscled sculptured body made him the envy of many
boys.  Almost half the school's female population wanted to get
into his pants, and a good number of the male population too. I was
proud to have been one of the few boys who actually had gotten into
Jaret's pants.
     On the couch, Andrew and Greg were sixty-nining comfortably.
Both were stark naked and obviously enjoying each other.  Andrew
was fairly petite; he looked small but he was a sexual tiger.  No
one who knew him dared call him "feminine" though he had a slim
build and a delicate constitution.  He was soft-spoken in public
but in bed he was as raunchy and sex-crazed as any of us.  Like any
red-blooded teenage boy, Andrew loved sex, especially getting
fucked.  Greg, hung like a stallion, satisfied Andrew's cravings
often.  Greg liked Andrew's tight, hot, hungry hole; he liked to
drive his hard achingly stiff dick up into Andrew, filling up
Andrew's lovehole and spurting cumcream into Andrew's gut.   Andrew
got off on assfucking so much, he often rammed dildos up his ass
when he was away from Greg.  He often came to school with one on,
a three-inch buttplug specially designed to stay lodged in his ass. 
It kept him satisfied all day long -- espec-ially in gym class,
where all his movements on the wrestling mat only served to
heighten his sensation of being fucked.  And, of course, the bike
ride home put him into heaven as each stroke of the pedals gave
Andrew's prostate a fuck.  Andrew's underwear was always soaked
through with cum and sweat by the time he finally came home.
     Meanwhile, Sean, Kenny, Chad, Dave, Corey and Lawrence were
playing "gas station".  Mark joined Dave, Corey and Kenny while I
joined Sean, Chad and Lawrence.  The object of this party game for
boys only is simple:  be the team that cums the most in the time
given.  Each team is given an identical graduated container,
usually a measuring cup, and a time limit is set.  The team that
produces the most cum is declared the winner.  The winning team
gets both containers of cum while the losers get fucked by the
winners.  We were given twenty minutes to produce as much cum as we
could by whatever means necessary.
     As soon as we started, Chad immediately went down on my cock,
licking and tonguing it furiously, all the while fisting his own
turgid shaft.  I helped Sean get off by spit-lubing his rock-hard
eight-inch rod as he jerked it.  Sean had auburn hair that hung
over his eyes slightly, and his boyish good looks attracted many
boys.  Sean, however, was fiercely committed and protective of his
younger brother, Kenny.  Kenny was the spitting image of his older
brother, right down to the hair and the clothes; but for two years
difference in age they could be twins.  Some might consider Sean
and Kenny's relationship as incestuous, which it was by technical
definitions; however, we all felt that it was fantastic that two
brothers could feel so much for one another.  Lawrence, meanwhile,
had started to cum already, shooting his load into the cup. 
Watching Lawrence stroke his cock with two hands until it shot off
into the cup was a real turn on for me. His young chest heaved and
his nipples grew erect.  Sweat rolled off his trim young thighs and
poured down his neck.  I felt my balls on fire and quickly pushed
Chad away.  He understood ins-tantly and turned to take my place
engulfing Sean's shaft.  I dumped my load into our cum-cup,
splashing loudly as it hit the sides of the container.
     I felt a hand massage my buns as Sean moved in beside me.  He
shot at least five seconds worth of hot mancream in a long steady
stream.  He kissed me firmly on the lips and we tongued each other
as we fisted each other's dickmeats.  As we shook off the ends of
our swollen cocks and moved away from the cum-cup, Chad tossed off
into the cup for the second time.  Chad was a prolific young
studhorse, eager to cum and always ready for a sexual work-out. 
Like Jaret, Chad was the last guy you'd think of as gay. He was
popular with the girls -- very popular.  No on ever stop-ped to
consider why it was that Chad's relationships with girls never
seemed to last very long...or why he had so many male friends. 
Tall and slim, with dark eyes and hair, Chad had a tan-ned, almost
bronzed complexion.  A member of the water polo and boy's swim
teams, Chad had a beautiful body.  His cock was seven inches of
hard male flesh sprouting from a mass of wiry black cock hair that
obscured his tasty, golf ball-sized testicles. Chad's cock was
built for sex, long and straight and stiff, and he was working up
his third load for us while he licked Lawr-ence's hard shaft.  Chad
was determined to outdo his boyfriend, David.
     Meanwhile, Kenny Mitchell let out a gasp and a moan as he
blasted off into his team's cup for the second time.  David was the
next to shoot his load.  Lust-crazed and cum-thirsty, the brown-
haired 16-year-old thrust his blood-engorged penis through both
hands and watched wild-eyed as his pounding shaft spat rope after
rope of thick, creamy cum into the cup.  Watching Dave shoot off
into his team's cup was very stimulating.  I'd known Dave for a
while and we were great friends, but it was only rec-ently that I
found out he was gay.  Both of his parents were min-isters, and
Dave was always such a "good boy".  But now, seeing him in the
throes of orgasm, his erection ragingly hard and very obviously
aroused, I couldn't help but see how "good" my friend Dave really
was.

     By this time, Sean and I had fisted each other to ejaculation
and Chad was cumming again too.  Chad grabbed his cock with one
hand and twisted his nuts with the other, urging his balls to yield
more juice.  Lawrence wrapped his tongue around Chad's fuckpole at
the last minute, causing Chad's cock to send an even bigger load of
cum into our cup.  Sean and I locked our tongues around the head of
Lawrence's cockhead and licked his shaft toge-ther, up and down the
hot stiff prick until it was liberally coated with our spit.  The
incredible sensation of two tongues caressing his ample fuckshaft
was too much for the dark-haired 16 year-old stud and he soon let
loose with a barrage of cumjuice that splattered wetly into the cup
on the table below.
     The time was ticking down, it was nearly time to call it over. 
On the other team, Mark was shooting off for the fourth time.  Chad
and Sean were sixty-nining in an effort to coax one last load of
cumcream from each other's aching testicles.  I knew I could cream
myself at least once more, and I was determined to do so.  I hadn't
fucked Mark's ass in a while, and I was looking forward to it -- if
we could win.  I wanted him, badly.  I wanted to fuck Mark's ass
raw with my stiff throbbing fuckstick; I could almost feel my
aching shaft invading Mark's tight-as-a-virgin asshole.  I wanted
to ram it into him, slam it into him, hard and fast.  Mark liked it
hard.  When we were in the mood for rough sex, we didn't use a lot
of lube; we'd just spit on the shaft a couple of times then ram
that long hard rod into that tender ass-hole.  Mark and I were
about the same build, so it was always an arousing struggle to hold
him down while I fucked him.  It made him scream with pleasure as
I rammed it into him, rammed it into him hard.  Yeah, I wanted it
bad.
     I felt myself beginning to orgasm and I lept to the cup and
unleashed an immense amount of cumcream into the cup.  Sean and
Chad also managed to cum, but not as much as me.  Lawrence was all
fucked out, and his dick was softening already.  We only had a
couple of seconds left anyways.  When the time was up, Mitch and
Jaret inspected our container while Greg and Andrew inspected
theirs.  After what felt like hours of suspenseful waiting, Mitch
and Jaret declared our team the winners, but by a close margin.
Chad and I shared an embrace of relief and I felt his lips on my
body as he worked a hickey onto my chest.  His lips and tongue felt
good on my chest and I sighed as I ran my hands through his hair. 
I looked over at Mark, who sat on the couch with Andrew, caressing
Andrew's thighs.  Greg was behind Mark, giving him a very sexy
backrub.
     "Enjoy it Mark...your ass is mine!" I said as he took And-
rew's dick in his hand.
     "Yeah, I know...take it easy, huh?"
     I just grinned and stroked Chad's neck and back, anticipating
the moment that I would drive my cockshaft into Mark's gut.  I
wanted Mark.  And I was going to have him.  Hard.
