Archive-name: Fetish/cumqueen.txt
Archive-author: LJS
Archive-title: Linda's Story


                    The Life and Times of a Cum-Queen

(An acquaintance of mine suggested that some of the Adult Bulletin boards   
 he contacts with his home computer might be interested in my story. I      
 wrote it down for him, and here it is.)


    Hello. My name is Linda, and I'm 24 years old. I am about 5 foot 7 
inches tall, and weigh somewhere around 125 pounds, depending on when you 
catch me. My measurements are 36C, 24, 35. I have dark black hair, and I 
guess you could say I'm pretty good looking, as I've never had any trouble 
attracting men. My eyes are green, and my best feature is probably my 
tits, although many guys also like my legs, which I keep trim and lean 
with a lot of bicycling and jogging. I have a master's degree, income of 
over $75,000 a year, own my own home and closets full of expensive and 
luxurious clothes, all of which I bought myself, thank you. I work for a 
large company in a major metropolitan area, and am pretty outgoing and 
friendly.

    Now, with that out of the way, I thought I'd let you know why I 
decided to put down some of my sexual experiences on paper. I've been 
sexually active since I was 15, from the first tentative petting and 
groping around with guys in high school, through various torrid affairs in 
college, and up to several fairly good and satisfying relationships since 
I graduated.  I am not seeing any one particular man right now, but that's 
more or less the way I want it.

    You might say that I have a particular fetish. I love semen. Sperm. 
Jizz. Cum. Jizzum. Whatever you care to call it, I love it. I love the 
feeling of cum on my body, almost anywhere I can feel it. I love the warm, 
wet, sticky feeling it leaves me with. I love the smell, the starchy, kind 
of acrid odor it has (although that varies from guy to guy). I love the 
feeling of it. I just love the thought of semen, and the fact that it's my 
attractiveness that makes a guy come. I love watching guys jerk off for 
me, and the more the merrier! Most of my early sexual experiences were 
jerking a guy off, or better yet, watching him do it himself, and the 
sight of that cock pulsing and then the little eye opening up and the 
semen spurting out just turns me on no end.  And I think I'm different 
from most women in that regard. Most of my girlfriends seem to get all 
goofy at the thought of a guy's cum. They think it's messy or icky or 
something, and usually, in some manner, remove it from their bodies as 
soon as they can, either by rushing to the bathroom and holding their 
pussy lips open and dripping it all into the toilet, or wiping it off with 
a sheet or towel or something. NOT ME! I love the feeling of cum.

    I can feel it when a guy comes in my pussy. I feel every shot, if it's 
strong enough. But I must admit, I'd rather see it than feel it. So I 
don't complain if the guy wants to pull out and come on my pubes or belly 
or wherever. When he does, I love to rub it around with my finger and feel 
it spreading over my skin. I shave my pussy lips and most of the hair 
around there, and just leave a little patch up top of my mound. I guess 
over the years I've rubbed gallons of semen into my skin, and I hope to be 
doing it for many years to come (no pun intended!).

    Several guys I've dated liked to watch porno movies with me, and if 
you've ever seen one, you know that the highlight of them invariably is 
when the man pulls out of whatever hole he happens to be in and jerks off 
on the girl or girls with him. I'm not sure why the 'cum-shot' is so 
necessary, but I guess it has to do with enhancing the visual aspect of 
the fucking. Somehow, having the camera come in for a close-up on some 
gal's pussy and watching the cum drip out of it just doesn't seem to do 
the trick. I've read some comments on porno movies that talk about how 
dumb the cum shot is , and how it's not realistic, but hell, the entire 
concept of an adult movie is fantasy, not reality, right?

    My favorite kind of cum-shot scene is when the guy sperms on a girl's 
face. I've kind of made a hobby of analyzing the various girl's reactions 
to the shots, and its really kind of interesting. Some girls turn their 
heads or lean back, as if they're afraid to get any of it on them. Others 
seem to really look forward to it, and you can tell they enjoy getting 
creamed. I say, if they're in that business, then you'd think they get off 
on all that cum and it's surprising how some of them can fuck and suck 
with total abandon, and yet when the guy cums towards their face, they 
duck out of the way.  There's one male actor in particular who I've seen 
in a bunch of movies, I think his name is Peter North, who comes like no 
one I've ever seen before. I've seen him splatter some girls who are lucky 
they didn't drown in the stuff. The trouble with most guys I've seen is 
that they can't control where they shoot once they start - they spray the 
cum all over the place, and you're lucky if half of it lands on the 
target!

    Anyway, like I said, I like watching 'face-cums', which I guess is odd 
for a woman. I understand they're popular with many guys. The only thing I 
like better than watching face-cums is DOING THEM! I think I'd rather have 
cum on my face than anywhere else on or in my body. For one thing, it 
turns the guy's on tremendously, and me too. The first time I ever got 
sperm on my face was almost by accident. We were fucking along, and 
somehow just as the guy started to cum, we got disconnected. His cock 
popped out of my pussy and he grabbed it and jerked on it and his first 
big shot came out and hit me right on the mouth! I jumped in surprise and 
could just lay there as he pumped the rest of his cum out on my belly and 
tits. But I licked my lips and loved the smooth, hot feel of his cum on me 
there. Sure, I'd given blow jobs for a long time, and was never squeamish 
about swallowing the cum if the guy wanted me to do that, but usually the 
cock was way back in my mouth when it came, and I never tasted it or 
anything.

    Well, that kind of got me into it. Now, I much prefer my men to pull 
out and come up and explode all over my face if they can. I enjoy regular 
fucking and usually climax easily. But nothing tops a good round of 
lovemaking like having your partner show his appreciation by pumping a wad 
or two or three of hot, salty cum on your face. When that happens, I can 
feel my pussy walls contract and sometimes, but not always, I even have 
another orgasm. I rub the semen into my skin and lick it from my fingers 
if there's enough. I love to lay there for a few moments afterwards and 
feel it drying and cooling on my skin.

    I've had cum in my mouth, on my lips, cheeks, chin, nose, forehead, 
neck, throat, eyes (it stings sometimes!), hair, boobs, belly, pubes, ass, 
back, legs, and feet. Except for places like between my shoulder blades on 
my back and maybe the soles of my feet, I think I've at some point or 
another had sperm on almost every part of my body. I even had one guy cum 
in my ear - now that was bizarre! I've had cum in my pussy, but never in 
my ass. My ass just isn't very sensitive to sexual play, I guess. I've had 
guys finger me there, but I didn't find it pleasurable, so I've never let 
anyone fuck me in the ass.
    Sometimes at work if I'm daydreaming or thinking about sex, I like to 
imagine scenes of guys I see around me ejaculating on my face. I don't 
usually date guys where I work, because I have a feeling that my little 
fetish might get me in trouble around here - the management is very 
conservative, and if they knew they had a mid-level employee who went 
around encouraging men to plant seeds on her face, they might not take it 
too kindly. Too bad for them!

    Men are strange sometimes. They seem to love it when you let them come 
on your face, but they can't stand the idea of some other man doing to 
you. I told one guy I was dating, only half-joking, that I'd like for him 
to get about half a dozen guys to come home and fuck me some night, and 
I'd want each of them to cum on my face. He just about went crazy - he 
said that that was stupid and there's no way he'd ever let me do that.
This from a guy who not 2 minutes earlier had pumped a massive load of 
jizz all over my cheek. I said that he had a lot of nerve telling me that 
he wouldn't let ME do it, after all it was my face I wanted wet, not his. 
But he just couldn't handle it, so we kind of broke up soon after that. I 
secretly hope his current girlfriend, if he has one, doesn't let him cum 
anywhere but up her pussy, and then she washes it out right away. It'd 
serve him right.

    But, to get back to my main reason for writing this little tale, I 
thought it might be a kick to think about some of the better splashings 
I've had, tell you about them, and offer some advice to you ladies out 
there who may read this to help you adapt to a VERY SEXY new wrinkle in 
your relationships. I know that some of you may be a bit hesitant about 
this, (as I was) but I guarantee that once you get into it, it becomes a 
very arousing event. And your men will love it!

    I just stopped for a few minutes and tried to think back and calculate 
the number of times I've gotten creamed in the last year. This counts 
multiple times by the same partner, too. It was over 70. I keep a diary of 
my appointments and dates, so as I went back over my evenings and days 
with some of my men friends, I found myself remembering the events fairly 
well, although a lot of it has tended to blend together.  I'll try to 
highlight the most memorable ones for you all here, and I hope I can 
remember the best parts.

    Last June I was seeing a man named Tony, a professional designer. He 
was kinda sexy and handsome, but not an Adonis by any stretch of the 
imagination. But he had a wonderful sense of humor and was very honest and 
open with me, and I liked that. We knew almost from the start that we 
probably wouldn't get really serious romantically, but we had a good time 
together, and that's what we both wanted.  One evening after a show and a 
nice dinner, we went back to his place and had sex for about three hours. 
I sucked him, he sucked me, we fucked and just in general wore ourselves 
out. He ate my pussy for about 45 minutes, and I must have come about 10 
times. Finally I got too sensitive and I had to make him stop. I rolled 
him over and got my mouth around his cock. His cock was not too long, 
about 6 or 7 inches, I guess, but it had a nice shape and was always clean 
and fresh. (That's another thing that I forgot to tell you about, guys, if 
you want a woman to stick her face all over your cock, make sure it's 
clean and doesn't smell like you haven't washed for a week!). His balls 
were nice, rolling around in his scrotum under my fingers. I sucked his 
shaft in all the way and pumped my mouth up and down for a while. He put 
his hands in my hair and guided me up and down, so I knew how fast or slow 
he wanted to go. Then I stopped for a second to catch my breath, and I 
asked him if he wanted to cum this way. Evidently it's very sexy for a man 
to hear a woman say "Do you want to cum in my mouth?" because he just 
groaned and said "Oh god yes" or something like that.

    So I flipped over on my back and pulled him up straddling my boobs and 
put a pillow behind my head. I reached around him and grabbed his 
ass-cheeks and pulled him back into my mouth. I had the tip of his cock in 
just past my lips, and could tighten my lips just past the edge of his 
glans. Then I started jerking the rest of his cock, pumping it into my 
mouth. I was looking up at him, and he was looking down at me, and I could 
tell that I had him completely in my power. I could have stopped and told 
him to jump out the window and he would have. I could feel his shaft 
pulsing and getting ready to cum, and his ass tightened up and then I felt 
the first spurt of cum back in my mouth. I quickly pulled his cock out and 
held it up to my face, still jerking. He shot out 6 or 7 spurts of cum, 
and it went up my face, over my eyes and into my forehead and everywhere. 
I could feel it on my lips and chin and across the bridge of my nose, too.

    I came again, a small one, but nice nonetheless, when he did. Finally 
he stopped shooting and I just rubbed the head of his cock around on my 
face, spreading the warm sperm around and smoothing it into my skin. I 
swallowed the bit I had in my mouth, and then opened my mouth and showed 
him that it was all gone. He leaned down and kissed me, and stuck his 
tongue in where his cock had just been.  That was nice. I spent the rest 
of the night with him, and ended up the next day with his cum in my pussy, 
on my stomach, on my boobs, and once more in my mouth.

    Another time I was out of town at a seminar, and there was nobody else 
from my company attending, so I figured I be able to really let my hair 
down and go wild without any problems. The first day there, I sat with 
these two guys who worked somewhere in the mid-west, and we got to 
talking. They seemed attractive enough, and certainly paid me a lot of 
attention, which I liked. We went to lunch, and then dinner together, and 
when one of them suggested (almost timidly!) that we three all go back up 
to his room for a nightcap, I said, sure why not. But I told them I wanted 
to stop at my room first to change and get comfortable. I could see their 
faces kind of droop, because I was wearing a pretty short skirt and heels 
and a light lace blouse, and they probably thought I was going to change 
into sweatpants and a tee-shirt or something. Normally I would have, if I 
was going to be alone. But I was feeling kinda kinky, and wanted to give 
these nice guys a treat they'd never forget. I always travel prepared, so 
I changed into the shortest skirt I had with me, a leather model about six 
inches long that's almost indecent, a red garter belt, white stockings, 
and took off my bra but kept the blouse. You could pretty much see my 
boobs right through it, but what the hell.

    When I knocked on the door to the room and he opened it, I thought he 
was going to have a heart attack as soon as he saw me. I guess he could 
pretty well tell that I had sex on my mind, or I wouldn't have dressed 
like that. I didn't mind, as I did indeed have sex on my mind. I sat on 
the bed and stretched out my legs while the guys (I think their names were 
Barry and Ed) sat on two chairs. We chit-chatted for a while about this 
and that, and as we talked, I made sure my skirt rode up just enough to 
show the tops of my stockings, which wasn't much! Ed's eyes popped out and 
he said "Wow! You're wearing stockings!" or something, and I blushed and 
said, yes, do you like them?  Well, one thing let to another and in about 
5 minutes both guys were lying next to me on the bed, sucking my boobs. 
I'd been in a few three-ways before, but not recently. I love the feeling 
of four hands on my body, or two sets of lips kissing me everywhere. I 
just laid back and enjoyed the feeling, as their hands roamed all over my 
body. I think they were both a little tentative about going further south 
on me, although Barry was rubbing my thighs up near my stocking-tops. I 
spread my legs a little farther apart to encourage him to go higher, and 
finally just unzipped the skirt and had him pull it off me completely. My 
blouse had come off earlier, so now I'm lying there on the bed in my 
garter-belt and stockings. I made the guys get undressed for me, and they 
both had fairly nice bodies, although Barry was a little too chubby for 
me.  Then for the next half hour or so, they took turns fucking me, 
although I told them not to cum in me, but to save it, and when I said it 
with a gleam in my eye, I think they might have guessed what I wanted. So 
they took turns, and as one got close to the edge, he'd pull out and relax 
a bit by sucking on my boobs or kissing me, and the other one climbed on. 
It was very good for me, as I had nice hard cock in me for about 20 
minutes straight, and I climaxed several times. I could see that Ed's cock 
was just about ready to burst, and Barry's was probably getting close too. 
I told them I wanted them to cum on me, in my sluttiest voice and manner. 
They just went nuts, and I maneuvered them so that they were kneeling on 
either side of my head, and I just went from cock to cock, turning my head 
and sucking the tip of one, then the other, and watching them pump 
themselves. I think they had never been this close to each other's cocks, 
as Barry got a bit soft at the beginning (guys are so weird like that, get 
one with a hard cock near another cock and pffft! sometimes), but my mouth 
can get any cock hard, so in a couple of minutes I had them both just 
about bubbling over.

    "I want you guys to splatter me", I said in a hoarse voice.

    "Where? Can we cum in your mouth?" one of them said.

    "Yes, yes, I want it there, all over my face, too" I egged them on, 
knowing that it would probably put them over the edge. Sure enough, Ed 
groaned and I felt his cock jerk and a spit of semen flew out and hit me 
on the side of the nose. I turned to him and opened my mouth and he shot 
again, this time right onto my mouth and lips. I heard Barry say "Now, 
NOW!" so I turned my head and was immediately drenched with Barry's semen. 
He was jerking his cock all over the place and the sperm was flying out in 
drips and drops rather than in streams. I felt it splatter around on my 
face, and then I felt Ed's cum hit me on the left side of my cheek and 
face. I loved it! Cum was raining down on me, and the guys were grunting 
and groaning like mad. Ed put his hand on my head and turned my face 
towards him, and pushed his cock at me and shot another couple of streams 
of cum at my mouth. While he was doing that, I could feel Barry's cum 
dripping all over the back of my neck and my right cheek and jaw.

    By the time it all ended, I had sperm all over my face, in my hair and 
all over the place. I had drops of it on my boobs and neck, too. The guys 
just fell back, totally blown away (no pun intended). I guess they'd never 
seen anything like that before. I rubbed the warm sperm into my skin, 
noticing the different consistencies - Barry's was thinner and more 
watery, while Ed's was thick and much whiter, and had a slightly less 
tangy taste to it. While I rubbed their sperm in, Barry masturbated me for 
a few seconds and rubbed my clit very nicely, I guess hoping to get me to 
climax again. I did, just for him!

    The next day we sat together again, and that night back in my room I 
gave them both really long, wet slurpy blowjobs and had them cum in my 
mouth. I blew them both twice, with about 45 minutes in between when they 
sucked my pussy in turns and I came about ten times or so, I lost count it 
was so good. Now there were two guys who definitely didn't want to go home 
when that conference was over!

    Over the past few months I've fucked about 20 or 25 guys here and 
there, mostly on one-night stands. One time I was at a club, just relaxing 
and having a drink and watching the people there. A guy came over to me 
and asked me to dance, and we danced a while. He was pretty direct, and 
when we got back to my table after a slow dance, when I could feel his 
cock hardening in his pants, he asked if I'd spend the night with him. I 
thought for a second or so, and then said yes, I would. But only if he 
could find some more entertainment for me. He said "what do you mean?" and 
I said I was in the mood for some real fucking, and could he find some 
more men. He said "How many?" and I said, half joking, 'oh, 7 or 8 will 
do." His eyes widened and he said "You're not a pro, are you" and I 
laughed and said no, I just wanted a good old-fashioned gang bang. (I'd 
never been in one, but I was feeling slightly tipsy and just said it on a 
whim.)  He gulped and said he'd make some calls, so he went and called a 
couple of friends of his who spread the word.  An hour later I was at his 
apartment, doing a strip tease for 9 horny guys!  Two were black, which 
was a first for me, too.  They were laughing and drinking and having a 
good old time, and so was I, I'm afraid. I'd never been the object of 
attention for so many men at once, and I was half-scared, half-anxious to 
see what would happen.  I've found that many men are good at talking up a 
good fuck, but when it comes right down to it, some of them lose faith 
when it's time to drop the drawers and have at it.

    I told them that they'd all get to fuck me, but on my terms, and if 
any of them misbehaved or got rough I'd stop the whole thing.  I wasn't 
too afraid of being raped or anything against my will, but you can never 
tell. So one after the other, I fucked them or sucked them, or both at the 
same time a couple of times. Of course, I told them to not cum if they 
could help it, because I wanted to show them something special when they 
did. One or two couldn't hold it, and shot their cum in my pussy, and one 
guy spermed my mouth, but that was OK by me, I enjoyed it all. They made 
sure that I had several climaxes, and my pussy was wetter than I've ever 
known it (it could have been the two big loads of semen in it too!). 
Finally I told them that it was time for the grand finale. I really got 
into the act now. I told them I was a "cum freak", and wanted to see all 
their cum shoot out of their cocks. I told them I ate cum, and loved it on 
my boobs and face and all over. I said I'd drink it out of a glass if they 
could fill it up. I really laid it on thick. Of course, the cum dripping 
from my mouth from the guy who came there didn't hurt the image.

    So I stretched out on this guy's coffee table on a couple of towels 
and the nine guys gathered around me and started to jerk off. What a 
sight! Here I was, naked, cum drooling out of my pussy, with nine hard 
cocks of varying sizes and shapes and colors pointing at me, just waiting 
to explode. I fingered my pussy and clit while I watched them jerk off, 
all the time talking about watching their cum fly out and land on me.  The 
first guy to cum pointed his cock at me and sprayed cum all over my 
stomach and boobs. The second guy got my face all wet. Then it started to 
really fly out, and I couldn't tell which was which. All I remember was 
that my face got totally covered, more than I've ever had on it, and I've 
had a lot of cum on my face.  I got it in my mouth as well, of course. I 
had it in my hair, and all over my belly and pubes, but most of the guys 
aimed for my face, the darlings. I was frigging my clit and moaning and 
orgasming all the time.



    After the shower ended, the host came up with a glass and said "Ok, 
Linda, drink up!" and gave me the glass. I giggled and ran the glass 
around my body where I could, dripping the semen into it. I got most of it 
into the glass, except the cum in my hair and mouth. There was about an 
inch or so of it by the time I got done. I held it up to the light like a 
wine taster, spinning it around in my fingers.  Then I sat up, held the 
glass above my mouth and tipped it over, spilling all the sperm right into 
my mouth. I let it all drip into my mouth, then I swallowed it all with 
gusto.
    The guys were chanting 'GO, GO, GO' as I did it, like it was some kind 
of test or something. But I think they'd all agree that I passed their 
test with flying colors!

    That was my most memorable sexual experience, and I'm thinking of 
trying to arrange something like that again.

    I thought you might also be interested in my thoughts as the local 
cum-queen. For you guys out there, here are some hints on how to get your 
lady to let you cum on her face or body. And for you ladies, here are some 
impressions from another woman that may dispel your fears or anxieties.

    First, guys, I think I speak for most of us when I say that we don't 
like to be FORCED to do anything - yes, it's ok once in a while to 
play-act a fantasy, but if we know you're really pushy about it, it can be 
a turn-off. Second, and perhaps most important, you can hardly expect a 
woman to be excited about spreading her lips for you if you won't go down 
and give her some attention as well.  Any guy who won't perform 
cunnilingus doesn't deserve a blow job himself, right gals? And LEARN HOW 
to do it! Ask her, she'll tell you. I myself like nice long licks up and 
down my pussy lips, and nibbling on my clit. Other women might like 
something else.  Thirdly, make sure you're clean as a whistle. Us girls  
don't appreciate a cock that tastes like day-old pee.  Fourth, before you 
cum in our mouth, warn us - we may not want it there, or we may need to 
get ready to swallow so it doesn't choke us. There's nothing grosser than 
having some guy cum down your neck and having it go down the wrong pipe 
and coughing it all up all over the place, right? And don't be afraid to 
kiss your lady after she has swallowed your cum, it won't kill you and 
it'll usually make the woman feel that you really love her. What woman 
wants to be expected to swallow your cum if you won't even touch it 
yourself?  Overall, be considerate, clean, and make the lady feel like you 
really appreciate what she's doing, not that you expect her to lay there 
and let you pump goo all over her just because you're the man and she's 
the woman.

    Ok, gals, for those of you (are there really any out there?) who 
haven't gotten into blow jobs or cum-shots yet, let me tell you what 
you're missing. First, guys love it. You let a man ejaculate in your mouth 
or on your body a few times, and he's like a puppy in your hands. Also, I 
think that any man who gets a good blow-job from wifey or girlfriend two 
or three times a week is far less likely to wander on you, if that's a 
concern. It's amazing how fast guys loose their sexual wanderlust after 
they've cum.  I think it's really true that if a man's getting what he 
needs at home, he won't be too tempted to wander. So if you're concerned 
with your guy's wandering eyes (and who wouldn't be, in most situations?), 
keep him drained dry whenever you can. Really, it's amazing how easy we 
can manipulate them if we want to.  Just make sure he takes care of you, 
too.


    Secondly, IT WON'T HURT YOU!  Semen isn't like acid or anything. It's 
mostly water and fluid from the prostate gland, and about 1 percent or so 
actual sperms. Obviously, the taste can vary from guy to guy. I've found 
that sperm from guys who drink a lot of liquor isn't usually too 
palatable, or if they have a very spicy diet. And it can taste kind of 
salty too. Mostly though, it's just water and traces of other elements, 
and isn't fattening or liable to give you pimples, cellulite, or varicose 
veins. And it certainly won't get you pregnant if you swallow it! If you 
are squeamish about it, I suggest you just get used to it by having your 
man come on your stomach or boobs a few times, and playing with it with 
your fingers. Get a little bit on one finger and taste it. Once you've 
gotten used to the consistency and flavor, it becomes easier and easier. 
But if you've never seen it anywhere other than oozing out of your vagina, 
you'll probably want to get used to it before it's all over your lips and 
face.  Work up to it slowly. Spread some of the semen from your stomach or 
boobs onto your cheeks and feel the consistency of it and absorb it. Rub 
it over your lips like gloss or lipstick. If you do this right, your guy 
may get hard all over again watching you and you'll get another fuck out 
of him.

    Some of us know how neat it is to watch a guy come close up. It's 
really a marvel of engineering. The little hole opens up and this white 
stuff comes shooting out, and sometimes he can get it to fly several feet! 
The amount he has depends on how long its been since he last came, of 
course, but usually a one or two day load is about right. Next time you 
want to see something really fascinating, tell your man to jerk off, and 
you watch him real close up from the side. The head of his cock will leak 
a bit of pre-cum and his balls will sway back and forth, and then just 
before he ejaculates, they'll pull up close to his crotch and if you're 
lucky, you'll see the vein along the bottom of his cock pulse with the 
semen flowing through it. If you're really daring, tell him to do it about 
three inches in front of your face. I guarantee that he'll shoot off in no 
time. Just be sure to watch him shooting it in your eyes - it can sting if 
it's really salty.

    While we're on the subject, let's talk about that. Should you let a 
man come on your face? Some women say "NO, never!" Others may say 
"sometimes, but not often". Others say "Shit, yeah, whenever he wants". 
I'm in the last group.  There's nothing really wrong with it, and it 
doesn't make you a slut or whore just because you and your guy enjoy this 
kind of sexual expression. Probably some of the most stuck-up or catty 
bitches you know would never let a man come anywhere near their face, and 
I wouldn't want to put myself in the same class as them. You know who I'm 
talking about. For example, can you picture that Helmsley bitch taking cum 
in her mouth? Or Ivana Trump? or Nancy Reagan, for Gods' sake!

    If you're really unsure about it, I suggest you get used to it in 
steps. First, if you've never had a man come in your mouth, do that first. 
Once you're used to the feel of the cock pulsing and shooting, it's not so 
scary. Keep the head out of the back of your mouth, up near your lips, and 
you'll feel the sperm shooting out more, and be able to taste it better.

    Then, when you're comfortable with that, take it out of your mouth 
when he comes and let it shoot right into your mouth. You have to control 
it somewhat here, or it'll invariably spray all over the place.  That's a 
really neat feeling sometimes, feeling the sprays shoot right into the 
back of your mouth. Practice with a water gun or something first, maybe , 
and get the hang of it.

    Finally, one time that's really special for you both, let the old 
blaster go off while it's pointed right at your nose. The first jolt is 
the hardest to get used to, because you never really know when it's gonna 
hit, and even the best of us invariable flinch a bit. But once the first 
one hits you, the rest will be smaller and easier to get used to. Again, 
if the sperm is salty, you may have to close your eyes or get ready to 
wipe them off real fast, cause I have had some that really stung for a 
second or two - but for the most part that isn't really something to get 
upset over.

    When that first spray hits you, it'll probably make you jerk your head 
back, and you have to resist the natural urge to turn away. If you can, 
direct the cock onto your cheekbones and lips. If the intensity and spray 
is strong enough, see if you can even get some on your forehead. To some 
guys, nothing looks sexier than your hair plastered down to your forehead 
with his sperm.  Of course, we have to wash it out after a while, but what 
the hell, we've all had gunkier stuff than that in our hair, right?

    After the guy (or guys!) has stopped cumming, you'll want to rub the 
semen around and into your skin. It feels really sexy and good, and is 
better than if you let it dry on your skin, when it can get all crackly 
and dry out. Close your eyes and just revel in the feel and aroma of it, 
and remember that it's a precious gift from your man.  If he's any good at 
all, your guy will probably be very appreciative of your performance, and 
who knows, may be ready for another go-round!

    I can't really think of much else to say right now, maybe it's time it 
went out and got myself a guy to come home and help me do some more 
'research'!

    If you liked this story, leave a messsage on the BBS where you found 
it and ask for more - I'll see what I can do!

LJS

