                       CONFESSIONS OF A CUM QUEEN
                        By:  Linda of California


My name is Linda, and I am twenty-four years old.  I am about five foot
seven inches tall, and weigh somewhere around one-hundred twenty-five
pounds, depending on when you catch me.  My measurements are 36C-24-35.
I have dark black hair, and I guess you could say I am pretty good
looking, as I have never had any trouble attracting men.  My eyes are
green, and my best feature is probably my tits, although many guys also
like my legs, which I keep trim and lean with a lot of bicycling and
jogging.  I have a Master's degree, income of over $75,000 a year, own
my own home, and closets full of expensive and luxurious clothes, all
of which I bought myself, thank you.  I work for a large company in a
major metropolitan area, and am pretty outgoing and friendly.

Now, with that out of the way, I thought I would let you know why I
decided to put down some of my sexual experiences on paper.  I have
been sexually active since I was fifteen, from the first tentative
petting and groping around with guys in high school, through various
torrid affairs in college, and up to several fairly good and satisfying
relationships since I graduated.  I am not seeing any one particular
man right now, but that is more or less the way I want it.

You might say that I have a particular fetish.  I love semen, sperm,
jizz, cum, gizzum.  Whatever you care to call it, I love it.  I love
the feeling of cum on my body, almost anywhere I can feel it.  I love
the warm, wet, sticky feeling it leaves me with.  I love the smell, the
starchy, kind of acrid odor it has, although that varies from guy to
guy.  I love the feeling of it.  I just love the thought of semen, and
the fact that it is my attractiveness that makes a guy come.  I love
watching guys jerk off for me, and the more the merrier!  Most of my
early sexual experiences were jerking a guy off, or better yet, watch-
ing him do it himself.  The sight of that cock pulsing, and then the
little eye opening up, and the semen spurting out just turns me on no
end.  I think I am different from most women in that regard.  Most of
my girlfriends seem to get all goofy at the thought of a guy's cum.
They think it is messy or icky or something, and usually, in some man-
ner, remove it from their bodies as soon as they can, either by rushing
to the bathroom, holding their pussy lips open, and dripping it all
into the toilet, or wiping it off with a sheet or towel or something.
NOT ME!  I love the feeling of cum.

I can feel it when a guy comes in my pussy.  I feel every shot, if it
is strong enough, but I must admit, I would rather see it than feel it.
So I do not complain if the guy wants to pull out, and come on my pubes
or belly or wherever.  When he does, I love to rub it around with my
finger, and feel it spreading over my skin.  I shave my pussy lips and
most of the hair around there, and just leave a little patch up top of
my mound.  I guess over the years I have rubbed gallons of semen into
my skin, and I hope to be doing it for many years to come, no pun in-
tended!

Several guys I have dated liked to watch porno movies with me, and if
you have ever seen one, you know that the highlight of them invariably
is when the man pulls out of whatever hole he happens to be in, and
jerks off on the girl or girls with him.  I am not sure why the "cum-
shot" is so necessary, but I guess it has to do with enhancing the vis-
ual aspect of the fucking.  Somehow, having the camera come in for a
close-up on some gal's pussy, and watching the cum drip out of it just
does not seem to do the trick.  I have read some comments on porno
movies that talk about how dumb the cum shot is, and how it is not
realistic, but hell, the entire concept of an adult movie is fantasy,
not reality, right?

My favorite kind of cum-shot scene is when the guy sperms on a girl's
face.  I have kind of made a hobby of analyzing the various girl's
reactions to the shots, and its really kind of interesting.  Some girls
turn their heads or lean back, as if they are afraid to get any of it
on them.  Others seem to really look forward to it, and you can tell
they enjoy getting creamed.  I say, if they are in that business, then
you would think they get off on all that cum, and it is surprising how
some of them can fuck and suck with total abandon, and yet when the guy
cums towards their face, they duck out of the way.  There is one male
actor in particular who I have seen in a bunch of movies, I think his
name is Peter North, who comes like no one I have ever seen before.
I have seen him splatter some girls who are lucky they did not drown in
the stuff.  The trouble with most guys I have seen is that they cannot
control where they shoot once they start.  They spray the cum all over
the place, and you are lucky if half of it lands on the target!

Anyway, like I said, I like watching "face-cums," which I guess is odd
for a woman.  I understand they are popular with many guys.  The only
thing I like better than watching face-cums is DOING THEM!  I think I
would rather have cum on my face than anywhere else on or in my body.
For one thing, it turns the guy's on tremendously, and me too.  The
first time I ever got sperm on my face was almost by accident.  We were
fucking along, and somehow just as the guy started to cum, we got dis-
connected.  His cock popped out of my pussy, he grabbed it and jerked
on it, and his first big shot came out and hit me right on the mouth!

I jumped in surprise, and just lay there as he pumped the rest of his
cum out on my belly and tits, but I licked my lips, and loved the
smooth, hot feel of his cum on me there.  Sure, I had given blow jobs
for a long time, and was never squeamish about swallowing the cum if
the guy wanted me to do that, but usually the cock was way back in my
mouth when it came, and I never tasted it, or anything.

Well, that kind of got me into it.  Now, I much prefer my men to pull
out, come up, and explode all over my face if they can.  I enjoy reg-
ular fucking, and usually climax easily, but nothing tops a good round
of lovemaking like having your partner show his appreciation by pumping
a wad or two or three of hot, salty cum on your face.  When that hap-
pens, I can feel my pussy walls contract and sometimes, but not always,
I even have another orgasm.  I rub the semen into my skin, and lick it
from my fingers if there is enough.  I love to lay there for a few mo-
ments afterwards, and feel it drying and cooling on my skin.

I have had cum in my mouth, on my lips, cheeks, chin, nose, forehead,
neck, throat, eyes (it stings sometimes!), hair, boobs, belly, pubes,
ass, back, legs, and feet.  Except for places like between my shoulder
blades on my back, and maybe the soles of my feet, I think I have at
some point or another had sperm on almost every part of my body.  I
even had one guy cum in my ear.  Now, that was bizarre!   I have had
cum in my pussy, but never in my ass.  My ass just is not very sensi-
tive to sexual play, I guess.  I have had guys finger me there, but I
did not find it pleasurable, so I have never let anyone fuck me in the
ass.

Sometimes at work if I am daydreaming or thinking about sex, I like to
imagine scenes of guys I see around me ejaculating on my face.  I do
not usually date guys where I work, because I have a feeling that my
little fetish might get me in trouble around here.   The management is
very conservative, and if they knew they had a mid-level employee who
went around encouraging men to plant seeds on her face, they might not
take it too kindly.  Too bad for them!

Men are strange sometimes.  They seem to love it when you let them come
on your face, but they cannot stand the idea of some other man doing to
you.  I told one guy I was dating, only half-joking, that I would like
for him to get about half a dozen guys to come home and fuck me some
night, and I would want each of them to cum on my face.  He just about
went crazy.  He said that was stupid, and there was no way he would
ever let me do that.  This from a guy who not two minutes earlier had
pumped a massive load of jizz all over my cheek.  I said that he had a
lot of nerve telling me that he would not let ME do it, after all it
was my face I wanted wet, not his, but he just could not handle it, so
we kind of broke up soon after that.  I secretly hope his current girl-
friend, if he has one, does not let him cum anywhere but up her pussy,
and then she washes it out right away.  It would serve him right.

Getting back to my main reason for writing this little tale, I thought
it might be a kick to think about some of the better splashings I have
had, tell you about them, and offer some advice to you ladies out there
who may read this to help you adapt to a VERY SEXY new wrinkle in your
relationships.  I know that some of you may be a bit hesitant about
this, as I was, but I guarantee that once you get into it, it becomes a
very arousing event, and your men will love it!

I just stopped for a few minutes, and tried to think back and calculate
the number of times I have gotten creamed in the last year.  This
counts multiple times by the same partner, too.  It was over seventy.
I keep a diary of my appointments and dates, so as I went back over my
evenings and days with some of my men friends, I found myself remember-
ing the events fairly well, although a lot of it has tended to blend
together.  I will try to highlight the most memorable ones for you all
here, and I hope I can remember the best parts.

Last June I was seeing a man named Tony, a professional designer.  He
was kind of sexy and handsome, but not an Adonis by any stretch of the
imagination.  He had a wonderful sense of humor, and was very honest
and open with me, and I liked that.  We knew almost from the start that
we probably would not get really serious romantically, but we had a
good time together, and that is what we both wanted.  One evening after
a show and a nice dinner, we went back to his place and had sex for
about three hours.  I sucked him, he sucked me, we fucked and just in
general wore ourselves out.  He ate my pussy for about forty-five min-
utes, and I must have come about ten times.  Finally I got too sensi-
tive and I had to make him stop.  I rolled him over, and got my mouth
around his cock.  His cock was not too long, about six or seven inches,
I guess, but it had a nice shape and was always clean and fresh.

That is another thing that I forgot to tell you about, guys.  If you
want a woman to stick her face all over your cock, make sure it is
clean, and does not smell like you have not washed for a week!

His balls were nice, rolling around in his scrotum under my fingers.  I
sucked his shaft in all the way, and pumped my mouth up and down for a
while.  He put his hands in my hair, and guided me up and down, so I
knew how fast or slow he wanted to go.  Then I stopped for a second to
catch my breath, and I asked him if he wanted to cum this way.  Eviden-
tly it is very sexy for a man to hear a woman say, "Do you want to cum
in my mouth?," because he just groaned, and said, "Oh god, yes!," or
something like that.

So I flipped over on my back, pulled him up straddling my boobs, and
put a pillow behind my head.  I reached around him, grabbed his ass-
cheeks, and pulled him back into my mouth.  I had the tip of his cock
in just past my lips, and could tighten my lips just past the edge of
his glans.  Then I started jerking the rest of his cock, pumping it
into my mouth.  I was looking up at him, and he was looking down at me,
and I could tell that I had him completely in my power.  I could have
stopped and told him to jump out the window, and he would have.  I
could feel his shaft pulsing, and getting ready to cum.  His ass tight-
ened up, and then I felt the first spurt of cum back in my mouth.  I
quickly pulled his cock out, and held it up to my face, still jerking.
He shot out six or seven spurts of cum, and it went up my face, over my
eyes and into my forehead and everywhere.  I could feel it on my lips
and chin, and across the bridge of my nose, too.

I came again, a small one, but nice nonetheless, when he did.  Finally
he stopped shooting, and I just rubbed the head of his cock around on
my face, spreading the warm sperm around and smoothing it into my skin.
I swallowed the bit I had in my mouth.  Then opened my mouth, and show-
ed him that it was all gone.  He leaned down, kissed me, and stuck his
tongue in where his cock had just been.  That was nice.  I spent the
rest of the night with him, and ended up the next day with his cum in
my pussy, on my stomach, on my boobs, and once more in my mouth.

Another time I was out of town at a seminar, and there was nobody else
from my company attending, so I figured I be able to really let my hair
down and go wild without any problems.  The first day there, I sat with
these two guys who worked somewhere in the mid-west, and we got to
talking.  They seemed attractive enough, and certainly paid me a lot of
attention, which I liked.  We went to lunch, and then dinner together,
and when one of them suggested, almost timidly, that we three all go
back up to his room for a nightcap, I said, "Sure.  Why not?," but I
told them I wanted to stop at my room first to change, and get comfor-
table.  I could see their faces kind of droop, because I was wearing a
pretty short skirt and heels and a light lace blouse, and they probably
thought I was going to change into sweatpants and a tee-shirt or some-
thing.  Normally I would have, if I was going to be alone, but I was
feeling kind of kinky, and wanted to give these nice guys a treat they
would never forget.  I always travel prepared, so I changed into the
shortest skirt I had with me, a leather model about six inches long
that is almost indecent, a red garter belt, white stockings, and took
off my bra, but kept the blouse.  You could pretty much see my boobs
right through it, but what the hell.

When I knocked on the door to the room and he opened it, I thought he
was going to have a heart attack as soon as he saw me.  I guess he
could pretty well tell that I had sex on my mind, or I would not have
dressed like that.  I did not mind, as I did indeed have sex on my
mind.  I sat on the bed, and stretched out my legs while the guys, I
think their names were Barry and Ed, sat on two chairs.  We chit-chat-
ted for a while about this and that, and as we talked, I made sure my
skirt rode up just enough to show the tops of my stockings, which was
not very far.  Ed's eyes popped out, and he said, "Wow!  You're wearing
stockings!," or something, and I blushed and said, "Yes, do you like
them?"

Well, one thing let to another, and in about five minutes both guys
were lying next to me on the bed, sucking my boobs.  I had been in a
few three-ways before, but not recently.  I love the feeling of four
hands on my body, or two sets of lips kissing me everywhere.  I just
laid back, and enjoyed the feeling, as their hands roamed all over my
body.  I think they were both a little tentative about going further
south on me, although Barry was rubbing my thighs up near my stocking-
tops.  I spread my legs a little farther apart to encourage him to go
higher, and finally just unzipped the skirt, and had him pull it off me
completely.  My blouse had come off earlier, so now I am lying there on
the bed in my garter-belt and stockings.

I made the guys get undressed for me, and they both had fairly nice
bodies, although Barry was a little too chubby for me.  Then for the
next half hour or so, they took turns fucking me, although I told them
not to cum in me, but to save it.  When I said it with a gleam in my
eye, I think they might have guessed what I wanted.  They took turns,
and as one got close to the edge, he would pull out, and relax a bit by
sucking on my boobs or kissing me while the other one climbed on.  It
was very good for me, as I had nice hard cock in me for about twenty
minutes straight, and I climaxed several times.

I could see that Ed's cock was just about ready to burst, and Barry's
was probably getting close too.  I told them I wanted them to cum on
me, in my sluttiest voice and manner.  They just went nuts, and I man-
euvered them so that they were kneeling on either side of my head, and
I just went from cock to cock, turning my head and sucking the tip of
one, then the other, and watching them pump themselves.  I think they
had never been this close to each other's cocks, as Barry got a bit
soft at the beginning.  Guys are so weird like that.  Get one with a
hard cock near another cock and pffft, sometimes.  My mouth can get any
cock hard, so in a couple of minutes I had them both just about bub-
bling over.

"I want you guys to splatter me," I said in a hoarse voice.  "Where?
Can we cum in your mouth?," one of them said.  "Yes, yes, I want it
there, all over my face, too," I egged them on, knowing that it would
probably put them over the edge.  Sure enough, Ed groaned and I felt
his cock jerk, and a spit of semen flew out and hit me on the side of
the nose.  I turned to him, opened my mouth, and he shot again, this
time right onto my mouth and lips.  I heard Barry say, "Now, NOW!," so
I turned my head, and was immediately drenched with Barry's semen.  He
was jerking his cock all over the place, and the sperm was flying out
in drips and drops rather than in streams.  I felt it splatter around
on my face, and then I felt Ed's cum hit me on the left side of my
cheek and face.  I loved it!  Cum was raining down on me, and the guys
were grunting and groaning like mad.  Ed put his hand on my head, tur-
ned my face towards him, pushed his cock at me, and shot another couple
of streams of cum at my mouth.  While he was doing that, I could feel
Barry's cum dripping all over the back of my neck, and my right cheek
and jaw.

By the time it all ended, I had sperm all over my face, in my hair and
all over the place.  I had drops of it on my boobs and neck, too.  The
guys just fell back, totally blown away, no pun intended.  I guess they
had never seen anything like that before.  I rubbed the warm sperm into
my skin, noticing the different consistencies.  Barry's was thinner and
more watery, while Ed's was thick and much whiter, and had a slightly
less tangy taste to it.  While I rubbed their sperm in, Barry masturba-
ted me for a few seconds, and rubbed my clit very nicely, I guess hop-
ing to get me to climax again.  I did, just for him!

The next day we sat together again, and that night back in my room I
gave them both really long, wet slurpy blow-jobs, and had them cum in
my mouth.  I blew them both twice, with about forty-five minutes in
between when they sucked my pussy in turns, and I came about ten times
or so, I lost count it was so good.  Now there were two guys who defin-
itely did not want to go home when that conference was over!

Over the past few months I have fucked about twenty or twenty-five guys
here and there, mostly on one-night stands.  One time I was at a club,
just relaxing, having a drink, and watching the people there.  A guy
came over to me and asked me to dance, and we danced a while.  He was
pretty direct, and when we got back to my table after a slow dance, I
could feel his cock hardening in his pants, he asked if I would spend
the night with him.  I thought for a second or so, and then said, "Yes,
I would," but only if he could find some more entertainment for me.  He
said, "What do you mean?," and I said I was in the mood for some real
fucking, and could he find some more men.  He said, "How many?," and I
said, half joking, "Oh, seven or eight will do."  His eyes widened, and
he said, "You're not a pro, are you?," and I laughed and said, "No," I
just wanted a good old-fashioned gang bang.  I had never been in one,
but I was feeling slightly tipsy, and just said it on a whim.

He gulped, and said he would make some calls.  He went, and called a
couple of friends of his who spread the word.  An hour later I was at
his apartment, doing a strip tease for nine horny guys!  Two were
black, which was a first for me, too.  They were laughing and drinking,
and having a good old time, and so was I, I am afraid.  I had never
been the object of attention for so many men at once, and I was half-
scared, half-anxious to see what would happen.  I have found that many
men are good at talking up a good fuck, but when it comes right down to
it, some of them lose faith when it is time to drop the drawers, and
have at it.

I told them that they would all get to fuck me, but on my terms, and if
any of them misbehaved or got rough I would stop the whole thing.  I
was not too afraid of being raped or anything against my will, but you
can never tell.  So one after the other, I fucked them, or sucked them,
or both at the same time a couple of times.  Of course, I told them not
to cum if they could help it, because I wanted to show them something
special when they did.  One or two could not hold it, and shot their
cum in my pussy, and one guy spermed my mouth, but that was okay by me,
I enjoyed it all.  They made sure that I had several climaxes, and my
pussy was wetter than I have ever known it.  It could have been the two
big loads of semen in it too!

Finally I told them that it was time for the grand finale.  I really
got into the act now.  I told them I was a "cum freak," and wanted to
see all their cum shoot out of their cocks.  I told them I ate cum, and
loved it on my boobs and face and all over.  I said I would drink it
out of a glass if they could fill it up.  I really laid it on thick.
Of course, the cum dripping from my mouth from the guy who came there
did not hurt the image.

So I stretched out on this guy's coffee table on a couple of towels,
and the nine guys gathered around me, and started to jerk off.  What a
sight!  Here I was, naked, cum drooling out of my pussy, with nine hard
cocks of varying sizes and shapes and colors pointing at me, just wait-
ing to explode.  I fingered my pussy and clit while I watched them jerk
off, all the time talking about watching their cum fly out, and land on
me.  The first guy to cum pointed his cock at me, and sprayed cum all
over my stomach and boobs.  The second guy got my face all wet.  Then
it started to really fly out, and I could not tell which was which.
All I remember was that my face got totally covered, more than I have
ever had on it, and I have had a lot of cum on my face.  I got it in my
mouth as well, of course.  I had it in my hair, and all over my belly
and pubes, but most of the guys aimed for my face, the darlings.  I was
frigging my clit, and moaning, and orgasming all the time.

After the shower ended, the host came up with a glass, and said, "Okay,
Linda, drink up!," and gave me the glass.  I giggled, and ran the glass
around my body where I could, dripping the semen into it.  I got most
of it into the glass, except the cum in my hair and mouth.  There was
about an inch or so of it by the time I got done.  I held it up to the
light like a wine taster, spinning it around in my fingers.  Then I sat
up, held the glass above my mouth, and tipped it over, spilling all the
sperm right into my mouth.  I let it all drip into my mouth, then I
swallowed it all with gusto.  The guys were chanting, "GO! GO! GO!," as
I did it, like it was some kind of test or something, but I think they
would all agree that I passed their test with flying colors!  That was
my most memorable sexual experience, and I am thinking of trying to ar-
range something like that again.

I thought you might also be interested in my thoughts as the local cum-
queen.  For you guys out there, here are some hints on how to get your
lady to let you cum on her face or body, and for you ladies, here are
some impressions from another woman that may dispel your fears or
anxieties.

First, guys, I think I speak for most of us when I say that we do not
like to be FORCED to do anything.  Yes, it is all right once in a while
to play-act a fantasy, but if we know you are really pushy about it, it
can be a turn-off.

Second, and perhaps most important, you can hardly expect a woman to be
excited about spreading her lips for you if you will not go down, and
give her some attention as well.  Any guy who will not perform cunni-
lingus does not deserve a blow-job himself, right gals?  And learn HOW
to do it!  Ask her.  She will tell you.  I myself like nice long licks
up and down my pussy lips, and nibbling on my clit.  Other women might
like something else.

Thirdly, make sure you are clean as a whistle.  We girls do not appre-
ciate a cock that tastes like day-old pee.

Fourth, before you cum in our mouth, warn us.  We may not want it
there, or we may need to get ready to swallow so it does not choke us.
There is nothing more gross than having some guy cum down your neck,
having it go down the wrong pipe, and coughing it all up all over the
place, right?  Do not be afraid to kiss your lady after she has swal-
lowed your cum.  It will not kill you, and it will usually make the
woman feel that you really love her.  What woman wants to be expected
to swallow your cum if you will not even touch it yourself?

Overall, be considerate, clean, and make the lady feel like you really
appreciate what she is doing, not that you expect her to lay there and
let you pump goo all over her just because you are the man, and she is
the woman.

Okay, gals, for those of you, if there are there really any out there,
who have not gotten into blow-jobs or cum-shots yet, let me tell you
what you are missing.

First, guys love it.  You let a man ejaculate in your mouth or on your
body a few times, and he is like a puppy in your hands.  Also, I think
that any man who gets a good blow-job from wifey or girlfriend two or
three times a week is far less likely to wander on you, if that is a
concern.  It is amazing how fast guys loose their sexual wanderlust af-
ter they have cum.  I think it is really true that if a man's getting
what he needs at home, he will not be too tempted to wander.  So if you
are concerned with your guy's wandering eyes, and who would not be, in
most situations, keep him drained dry whenever you can.  Really, it is
amazing how easy we can manipulate them if we want to.  Just make sure
he takes care of you, too.

Secondly, IT WON'T HURT YOU!  Semen is not like acid or anything.  It
is mostly water and fluid from the prostate gland, and about one per-
cent or so actual sperms.  Obviously, the taste can vary from guy to
guy.  I have found that sperm from guys who drink a lot of liquor, or
have a very spicy diet, is not usually too palatable, and it can taste
kind of salty too.  Mostly though, it is just water and traces of other
elements.  It is not fattening, or liable to give you pimples, cellu-
lite, or varicose veins, and it certainly will not get you pregnant if
you swallow it!  If you are squeamish about it, I suggest you just get
used to it by having your man come on your stomach or boobs a few
times, and playing with it with your fingers.  Get a little bit on one
finger and taste it.  Once you have gotten used to the consistency and
flavor, it becomes easier and easier, but if you have never seen it
anywhere other than oozing out of your vagina, you will probably want
to get used to it before it is all over your lips and face.  Work up to
it slowly.  Spread some of the semen from your stomach or boobs onto
your cheeks, feel the consistency of it, and absorb it.  Rub it over
your lips like gloss or lipstick.  If you do this right, your guy may
get hard all over again watching you, and you will get another fuck out
of him.

Some of us know how neat it is to watch a guy come close up.  It is
really a marvel of engineering.  The little hole opens up, this white
stuff comes shooting out, and sometimes he can get it to fly several
feet!  The amount he has depends on how long it has been since he last
came, of course, but usually a one or two day load is about right.
Next time you want to see something really fascinating, ask your man to
jerk off, and watch him real close up from the side.  The head of his
cock will leak a bit of pre-cum, his balls will sway back and forth.
Then just before he ejaculates, they will pull up close to his crotch
and if you are lucky, you will see the vein along the bottom of his
cock pulse with the semen flowing through it.  If you are really dar-
ing, tell him to do it about three inches in front of your face.  I
guarantee that he will shoot off in no time.  Just be sure to watch him
shooting it in your eyes.  It can sting if it is really salty.

While we are on the subject, let us talk about that.  Should you let a
man come on your face?  Some women say, "NO, never!"  Others may say,
"Sometimes, but not often."  Others say, "Shit, yeah!  Whenever he
wants!"  I am in the last group.  There is nothing really wrong with
it, and it does not make you a slut or whore just because you and your
guy enjoy this kind of sexual expression.  Probably some of the most
stuck-up or catty bitches you know would never let a man come anywhere
near their face, and I would not want to put myself in the same class
as them.  You know who I am talking about.  For example, can you pic-
ture that Helmsley bitch taking cum in her mouth?  Or Ivana Trump?  Or
Nancy Reagan, for Gods' sake!

If you are really unsure about it, I suggest you get used to it in
steps.  First, if you have never had a man come in your mouth, do that
first.  Once you are used to the feel of the cock pulsing and shooting,
it is not so scary.  Keep the head out of the back of your mouth, up
near your lips, and you will feel the sperm shooting out more, and be
able to taste it better.

Then, when you are comfortable with that, take it out of your mouth
when he comes, and let it shoot right into your mouth.  You have to
control it somewhat here, or it will invariably spray all over the
place.  That is a really neat feeling sometimes, feeling the sprays
shoot right into the back of your mouth.  Practice with a water gun or
something first maybe, and get the hang of it.

Finally, one time that is really special for you both, let the old
blaster go off while it is pointed right at your nose.  The first jolt
is the hardest to get used to, because you never really know when it is
going to hit.  Even the best of us invariable flinch a bit, but once
the first one hits you, the rest will be smaller and easier to get used
to.  Again, if the sperm is salty, you may have to close your eyes, or
get ready to wipe them off real fast, cause I have had some that really
stung for a second or two, but for the most part that is not really
something to get upset over.

When that first spray hits you, it will probably make you jerk your
head back, and you have to resist the natural urge to turn away.  If
you can, direct the cock onto your cheekbones and lips.  If the intens-
ity and spray is strong enough, see if you can even get some on your
forehead.  To some guys, nothing looks sexier than your hair plastered
down to your forehead with his sperm.  Of course, we have to wash it
out after a while, but what the hell, we have all had gunkier stuff
than that in our hair, right?

After the guy (or guys!) has stopped cumming, you will want to rub the
semen around and into your skin.  It feels really sexy and good, and is
better than if you let it dry on your skin, when it can get all crackly
and dry out.  Close your eyes and just revel in the feel and aroma of
it, and remember that it is a precious gift from your man.  If he is
any good at all, your guy will probably be very appreciative of your
performance, and who knows, may be ready for another go-round!

I cannot really think of much else to say right now.  Maybe it is time
it went out, and got myself a guy to come home and help me do some more
"research!"

If you liked this story, leave a message on the BBS where you found it,
and ask for more.  I will see what I can do!