WARNING! The following work of fiction contains Sexually Explicit 
material which can not under current laws be shared by anyone under the 
age of 18 in the United States. If material depicting Sexual acts 
offends you, do not continue to read this work. 

Do not remove this warning from any copy of this work, physical or 
electronic. The author has inserted this warning for his and your 
protection.
-------------------------------------------------------------------

 Come Time - Chapter 3 - The Autumn of Civilization
 The Spring of Mankind

 ...................................................................

This is my recollection of The Revolution. Not the sexual revolution as 
such, but the real revolt of the human animals against their keepers, 
those who passed the millions of laws to protect us from ourselves and 
to enslave our souls, our spirits -- our very humanity.

I have the luxury of having discovered, in the ruins of Chicago, the 
Morgue of the Chicago Sun Times newspaper. With not much else left to do 
I have been reading through the archives of daily and Sunday editions to 
help me relive the past 35 years. 
 ....................................................................
If I don't establish some pattern for this history, even I won't be able 
to follow along. Each time I sit down to write I'm going to include 
three items:
 1. Something from the distant past that helps give background 
 to aid in understanding.
 2. Another event from the Rebellion started in 1998.
 3. A short Summary of the history related to date
----------------------------------------------------------------------


But, I promised to reveal a bit of history -- and I haven't.

During the 1980s, the populace of the good ol' U.S.A. began to see its 
government as its protectors. And the government was more than happy to 
establish any control that people would give them.

This carried over into the first half of the '90s and I want to share a 
few of my favorites. I know that for those of you who did not live 
through those times, it's hard to understand that people tolerated these 
things -- but it's true.

For most of us the insanity began when we were young. I was 18 when I 
had to deal with two Technical Virgins in the same day.

                *                  *                 *
                             TECHNICAL VIRGIN
It was a state of living purgatory. This was how we got our relief 
before the sexual revolution and how we got a lot of it after AIDS. I 
remember two Technical Virgins that I encountered after I had taken care 
of not being one. Pardon me if I'm not entirely fair to these girls; 
they were hard for me to deal with, although they taught me quite a bit.

Susan and I had been dating since high school, but not as steadies. I 
was a few years older than she was and had gone off to college and begun 
to learn a little about real physical attraction and action. Susan 
decided to go to the same college and came to town one August for 
orientation. She made sure I knew she was going to be there and that I 
should spend some time with her. I had a small problem or three at the 
time: I had a job, was trying to pop Chessie Lee's cherry and had Ethel 
spending the night at my place a couple of times a week. Years later I 
saw the movie "Three in the Attic" and realized how close it had been.

My first problem was to set up a schedule so that none of the girls ran 
into each other. I worked from 6:30 A.M. till noon, so Chessie was my 
lunch and afternoon delight. Ethel had class during the afternoon and 
worked until 11:00 PM. Sue had orientation all day and had to be in the 
dorm by 11:00. It looked like I could pull it off. 

Let me just tell you about Wednesday. It was a typical day.

As I got back to my rooming house I saw Chessie on her way to my place. 
My landlady was out for the summer and she had not let anyone else stay. 
I was suppose to be keeping an eye on the place for her. Chessie got 
there and we went inside and made a bowl of soup and ate lunch. I was 
not being very selective about looks. She was cute but kinda strange in 
appearance. Her mouth and eyes were too big and her nose was  too
small... but she did have a cute body and could suck your tongue right 
out of your mouth.

We ate, washed the dishes and headed to my room without saying anything 
worth remembering, since what we were doing was trying not to talk about 
how we were going to spend the afternoon.

As soon as we walked into the room Chessie sat on the edge of the bed. I 
sat beside her and took her in my arms and kissed her like it had been 
years, not hours, since I'd done it the last time. For two days we had 
been building a fire in her loins that only took one kiss to fan into a 
roaring blaze. She leaned back and I rearranged her so that she was 
laying in the middle of the bed and I got there beside her. We got into 
a clinch that must have looked like two people wearing one set of 
cloths. Our bodies mashed together so tightly that we pressed wrinkles 
into each other clothes. Her white cotton blouse had to go and after 15 
minutes of saying "NO" and pushing my hand away, she finally accepted 
the argument that unless she took it off the whole world would be able 
to tell what she had been up to by the wrinkles.

Her bra was too small for her and her tits leaked out all over the 
place. I couldn't take it and started kissing the parts I could get to 
and working the bra up over her tits so that I could suck those nipples. 

Chessie had nipples that stood up about half an inch when she got hot and 
right now they were nearly as hard as my cock. After half an hour of 
silent debate it was concluded that the bra was going to stay in her arm 
pits. As long as she still had it on, her virtue was saved. Does this 
give you any idea what a battle this was? 

Having established at least a territorial victory above the waist, I was 
ready to try to feel that pussy. We had been dry-fucking (humping with 
our clothes on) for quite a while so I just lifted a bit to make some 
space between us. Her pussy was steaming and giving off the sweetest 
smell, like she had been fucking for a week, nonstop. 

I slid her skirt up to her waist and she pushed it back down. I won the 
biggest battle of this major war when I pointed out that her pleats were 
getting pressed out and if she didn't take off the skirt it would never 
be the same. 

Get this picture: an 18-year-old virgin, lying on my bed with her bra 
pulled up over her tits and wearing cotton panties with a wet stain that 
looked like she had pissed herself. I got back on top of her and she 
wrapped those silky legs around me and started to rub her pussy on the 
ample lump in my pants. I could have let her keep it up  until  I
blew,like we'd done before. Not today! I let her work us both into a 
panting frenzy and then pushed her away and got beside her.

Chessie wrapped a leg around mine and began to hump it to keep the 
sensation going. I reached around and slid my hand under her panties and 
felt her smooth young ass. My hands went crazy. Gawd, her rump felt 
fine! If I reached way around I could get my fingers into the boiling 
liquid that was running out of her pussy. I started to slide my fingers 
as far along her pussy lips as I could reach this way, and she began to 
move her hips. When she did this there was space for me to put my other 
hand down the front of her panties. She was too far gone to realize that 
I had one hand on her pussy from the back and the other from the front 
and both of them were dipping into the honey that was running out of 
her. 

Chessie began to moan. I took the hand that had been down the back of her 
pants and brought it around to the front and she rolled onto her back 
and opened her legs wide. I kept working the hand in the front so that 
my fingers just kept going up and down along her swollen, sensitive 
pussy lips. With my other hand I pulled the sopping crotch of her 
panties aside and she jumped as if the hot August air felt like a winter 
gale on her steaming cunt. I switched hands so that I was now working on 
her past the panties that I had bunched to one side. She was nearly 
crazy and just closed her eyes, lifting her ass a foot off the bed, and 
kept pushing into my hand. I took a deep breath and brought my face down 
on her and took one big lick on her clit.

Chessie grabbed my head in both hands and launched her crotch right into 
my face. I began to work my tongue around and found the entrance to her 
vagina. I stuck my tongue in as far as it would go and she just kept 
humping my face. I tongue-fucked her this way for about 10 minutes 
before she began to scream like I was killing her. But I knew from the 
grip she had on my hair that if she went to Heaven, it was going to be 
alive and kicking. During the next five minutes Chessie came a dozen 
times. He pussy was so full of juice that the last few times I got a 
mouthful every time the shocks hit her. It finally reached the point 
where neither one of us could take any more and she collapsed on the 
bed. 

I had a hard on that was killing me and told her so. 

"I won't let you put it in me," was all she kept saying. 

I asked her if she had ever seen one and found out that she had not. So, 
I dropped my pants and turned toward her with my 18-inch cock twitching 
and bulging and damn near purple with rage. Big mistake. The size of it 
shocked her and she screamed, this time out of fear. Finally she stopped 
shaking enough to take it in her trembling hand. First gingerly and then 
with enthusiasm she began to squeeze and tug. Now, Chessie was  an
innocent and did not know that nice girls don't suck cocks, so when I 
suggested that she kiss it, she went for it. 

She started by planting a kiss on my raging cock head. My knees damn near 
buckled, it felt so good. I gently began to run my hands through her 
hair, all the time forcing her head toward my cock. Finally I had her 
face positioned just right and got the head of my cock between her lips 
and into her virgin mouth. "Suck it, take it in!" I moaned.

I had both hands on her head now and gently began to work my cock in and 
out of her mouth. She sucked and I only had to tell her once that her 
teeth hurt. Her mouth was filled with saliva and her lips and tongue 
were swollen and soft from the hours of kissing. He mouth felt so soft 
and smooth and wet, that in about two minutes, I knew I was going to 
cum. 

"Don't stop, honey! Remember how good it felt when you went over the 
edge. I'm about to do that. When I do I'm going to shoot into your mouth 
just like your pussy gushes when you go over the top. Don't be surprised 
at how hard it shoots -- Just swallow as fast as you can." I hissed all 
that out before the first load erupted from my cock. Nothing could have 
prepared her for the size and force of that first load. Her cheeks 
swelled, her eyes bugged and her throat worked to swallow without 
choking. She gulped down most of it but finally had to breathe and 
opened her mouth wide just in time for me to see a huge spurt fire deep 
into her throat.

She gasped a few times and stared to suck again, but I was gone and the 
feeling of her mouth was just too much to handle. I pulled away and 
began to hug her and hold her like lovers do. We dozed off and I woke up 
just in time to rush her off before it was time to meet Susan.

You get the idea. It was kinda like being a half-fucked fox in a forest 
fire -- you just keep getting hotter.

I'll tell you about Sue and Ethel another time.

Once AIDS made us afraid to exchange body fluids it got to be all 
finger-fucking and jacking off into facial tissue.

When I was young, finger-fucking was one fine art. I got to the point 
where if I could get my finger on her clit she was mine. Girls used to 
wear all kind of clothes that made it possible to get your hand in there 
and find their hot button. But, like all good things, this too ended 
when some asshole invented panty hose. I was happily living life with a 
right index finger that always smelled like pussy and all of a sudden 
some jerk reintroduced the chastity belt. But -- even worse -- it 
destroyed the quickie. No more could a pole get a quick dip. First you 
had take off the shoes, then the panty hose -- which smelled like a 
mixture of pussy perfume and old tennis shoes -- then you could get 
serious. 

The worst part was that when you were done, she had to put them back on. 
I've heard that giving birth is like trying to shit a bowling ball, but 
a woman getting into pantyhose is like putting a rubber on by starting 
with your toes. Any woman who can make moves like that while having sex 
will have a crowd following her. 

I remember reading the histories of World War I and World War II and 
wondering how folks could be so stupid and now I find myself writing the 
history of the Second American Revolution (AR II).

AR II was caused by the incredible success of capitalism. When China 
followed the USSR in abandoning Communism the world was left with only 
one almost-working economic system. Little did we know  that  the
foundations were crumbling and that the "Fall of the Empire" was upon 
us.

The cause was ten percent political, ten percent economic, and eighty 
percent Darwinian.

The WC footnote to Darwin is:
             "Once a species abrogates the selection process,
              the survival of that species is in jeopardy."

What nobody understood was that in order for a group to ascend the 
Hierarchy of Needs, all the members of the group must be on the same 
level. Members of the group called Americans (Citizens of the United 
States of America), were unlucky enough to develop the belief that they 
were outside the system. 

Some Americans began to believe that we were advanced enough as a 
civilization that we should be concerned about higher values and that 
the behavior that got us here was too uncivilized and undignified for 
such a lofty group. The unfortunate circumstance was  that  these
architects of our doom were in a position to impose their will on the 
rest of us.

I was reading the papers and magazines from 1991 and thought I'd share 
some items from the past with you. 

The United Nations imposed sanctions on China for sterilizing those who 
had hereditary mental and physical deficiencies. Chinese leaders where 
amazed that anyone would advocate pollution of the gene pool and told 
all outsiders to mind their own flucking Brizznezz. (From Chicago 
Tribune August 1990)

Several books published in Japan and not translated into other languages 
outline the "Battle Plan" for a war on the United States. Just as in 
World War II Japan elected not to declare this war to the United States 
and maintained an external appearance of normal relations. This book was 
one of several authored by Shinto Ishihara. (See Newsweek 7/15/91)

Japanese Consumers describe American Cars: "As big as two rooms, need a 
fuel station every kilometer, cost a lot of money -- and you had better 
watch your rearview mirror because you might see the fender falling off. 
(See Newsweek 7/15/91)

"..., these men should be home with their sons trying to prevent another 
generation of males from growing up just as messed up as they are." 
Stacy Nickerson, Encinitis, Calif. (See Letters to Newsweek 7/15/90)

Seems that AR II was turning from ice to cold and headed for hot all the 
way back then, although the signs were not that clear at the time.

A lot of things happened between 1990 and 1998 but the seeds were 
planted and the roots entwined long before then.  The RRU tried to 
teach new recruits about our more physical side and when I have more 
time I'll relate the details of that education.

After things got rolling in 1998 folks realized it was time to take 
sides. Those of us in the Real Reproduction Underground (RRU) knew which 
side we were on.  The RRU chose its name when the last legally 
acceptable cause for intercourse, reproduction, was replaced by 
artificial fertilization and out of body gestation.  The real goal of 
the Underground was to promote freedom for recreational sex but with 
all sex becoming passe', reproduction became and acceptable rallying 
point.

The Underground had survived the dark years of the '90s by switching 
from traceable telephone lines to pirated satellite links. But we  
continued  to communicate and to organize. By the fall of 1998 we were  
holding meetings. What had begun as a male-dominated membership began 
to have a representation of females and couples. The key to our growth  
and survival was personal recruiting. With physical reproduction having 
been banned in 1997 the population of adult virgins was now a bumper 
crop waiting for harvest. 

I remember recruiting Alice. She was typical of our new targets. Twenty one years old with no known sexual encounters, Alice was a  prime
candidate. I had seen her blonde-framed face over the counter at the 
bank on several occasions. She had responded positively when I had 
suggested that she join a small group of us for a late season cookout.

It was the third weekend in September 1991. The day was sunny and the 
sky cloudless. In addition to Alice, another prospective member, Beth, 
had been brought by Mike. We had three couples, Bill and Tania, Cris and 
Kris, and Tom and Gail. Everyone arrived over a period of about thirty 
minutes and introductions were swift and informal.

Using the Weber 44-inch super cooker with stainless steel fittings, I 
prepared a feast. These new cookers were amazing. Once the charcoal was 
in place, it was covered with the vacuum extractor to catch all the 
smoke and fumes from the coals. All vapors were transported to the 
filtration module. which removed everything from the gases, precipitated 
it and regurgitated a solid pellet for disposal.

I put 10 algae T-bones on the grill (Eating the flesh of animals had 
been outlawed since 1994 when the Society for Healthy Ingestion and the 
Teachers for Helping Endangered Animals Define Sanctions joined to push 
through what became known as the S.H.I.T.H.E.A.D.S. Law). We  had
organically grown potatoes and fresh sweet corn to round out the menu. 
Tom had a still in his garage and we spiked the punch with alcohol and 
risked the P2 laws ("Prohibition II" for those of you too young to 
remember our national stupidity at trying the failed experiment a second 
time. P2 was a convulsive overreactive solution to the driving-while-
intoxicated problem. Following the Slaughter on 55 -- named for the 
tragedy, following a Cubs-Cardinals game, when more than 100 drunken 
fans were involved in a 750-car pileup on Route 55 -- our legislative 
morons decided that we could never learn to control ourselves so they 
made it a federal offense to posses alcohol in any nontoxic form). 

We made small talk about the resurgence of the whale population and the 
rumors about bands of wild men living in the Deep Tunnel Project built 
back in the late '80s to control flooding. Pretty soon the men went out 
back and the ladies went inside as both groups were busy cleaning up the 
trash and dishes from what had been a very successful meal. The alcohol 
in the punch had us all a bit-light headed but had far more effect on 
Alice and Beth since neither one of them had ever been exposed to the 
lubricant of Bacchus.

Gail got the two recruits in a conversation by the sink while Kris and 
Tania began to talk in whispers at the table. Gail left gaps in the 
conversation so that Alice and Beth could overhear parts  of  the
performance being staged at the table.

 ..."We did it again last night...felt so good I almost fainted." "...I 
know, its so hard to keep quiet when it hits you." ..."Bill found some 
forbidden videos in..." "...Did you --?" "...He brought one." "...Do you 
think...?"

Gail watched their faces as they pieced together what  was  being
discussed. While parents were forbidden to teach their children about 
physical sexual relations, teenagers still told each other stories and 
giggled at slumber parties about our evil past. As Gail watched she 
could see first understanding and then curiosity in the expressions of 
our two virgins. Gail was the barometer and she read high pressure and 
clear sailing, so she took the lead at  widening  the  circle  of
conversation.

"Tom and I have never seen one of those," she said as she moved to a 
point halfway between the two groups. Tina and Kris walked past her 
toward Beth and Alice to bring the five of them into a circle.

Tina, looking embarrassed for effect, whispered, "On the tape they do it 
all. Bill and I only had time to try a few of the things we saw. It was 
fantastic. I'll never understand why they passed laws against it. We 
have never felt so close together. My whole body feels more alive than 
ever and I'm so relaxed I can't believe it."

Beth and Alice were acting like co-conspirators instead of the innocents 
they really were. Beth contributed, "When I was a little girl my brother 
and I used to watch our parents when they did it at night in their 
bedroom. We never were brave enough to try it but I used to go back to 
my room and perform the 'Relaxation Exercises' until I could fall 
asleep." (The fundamentalist and conservative churches had fought -- 
to no avail -- against the Relaxation Exercises, which amounted to a 
government sanction  of masturbation. While the domestication of the 
human animal had reached the point of complete elimination of sexual 
expression in human contact, the carcass evolved more slowly and 
repressed sexual tension had to be released.)

Alice's face reddened and Kris leaned close and asked what was wrong. 
"My parents used to do it with the light on and the door open. I was an 
only child and I suppose they never thought I might be watching. They 
looked like they enjoyed it so much. I used to lie in bed at night 
listening, hoping they would do it. When I heard them start I would 
sneak to their door and watch. Some nights they would do it for over an 
hour. There were times when I did my exercises while I knelt outside 
their door, watching them."

Tania seized the moment. "I'll ask Bill to play the tape as soon as we 
finish cleaning things up. You both know this type of tape is forbidden 
and you can't tell anyone you've seen it." Both girls gave excited nods 
and grinned from ear to ear. It wasn't every day that one could have 
such an adventure.

When we figured the plot had been hatched the five members of the male 
contingent made our entrance. We were making loud banter about the 
latest IRS rules, which had suspended what was left of the Bill-of-
Rights. "Now the rules clearly state that the taxpayer is presumed to 
be guilty unless he can prove beyond a shadow of doubt that his records 
and calculations are correct. One guy where I work was taken in and 
held for three days just because he had miscalculated his state tax. He 
had made a $1.75 error. They made him pay the tax and a $1000.00 
penalty." 

Tania drifted over to Bill and whispered in his ear. As she did he gave 
us the signal we had been waiting for. The girls headed for the living 
room and each of us filled two glasses. The ladies' glasses were given 
an extra shot of libation to insure that things went smoothly.

The tape was not one of the best but it was clear. The "plot" revolved 
around a company picnic. Each member told about their favorite sex bout 
and the scene was relived for all of us in living color action. The 
first couple were young and good looking and did an admirable job of 
showing oral action and some good fucking. When that scene had finished 
Bill paused the tape.

"These things were done by professionals and they are really imitations 
of what it's really like. Gail and I want to give you a live show." 
Cris, Mike, Tom and I began to clap and the girls joined in. We quickly 
pushed all the furniture to the outside of the room and spread a large 
quilt in the center of the room. I lowered the lights a bit to make it 
softer and sat on the floor in front of Alice, who was sitting in a big 
stuffed chair. 

Bill and Tania had gone into the other room and slipped into dressing 
robes, but returned before we were all settled to avoid an awkward gap 
in the activities.

We had recruited this way before and had the routine fairly well worked 
out. Tania took off her robe and laid herself on her back on the floor 
while Bill took off his robe and got beside her. The began by kissing. 
Bill kept his hands moving all over her tan body as she began to move 
around against him. He kept kissing her lips, face, neck, ears and eyes 
as his right hand mauled her hardening nipples. All of us sat still and 
quiet as his lips progressed to Tania's nipples. Tania was of medium 
build (34-26-36) with light brown hair and a nice black thatch on her 
pussy. She let her right hand trace across Bill's stomach as  she
searched for his hardening cock. We had selected Bill and Tania because 
they were the least intimidating of the group. Bill had about seven 
inches and his cock was not too fat. Neither Alice or Beth would be 
embarrassed to show their bodies, as both were better than Tania's.

Tania let out her first moan as Bill's finger found her clit and he 
nibbled on her nipple. Bill's hips were thrusting slowly as Tania's hand 
worked his cock to full erection. I felt Alice stir behind me. She was 
spreading her knees and pulling her shorts aside and beginning to do her 
Relaxation Disciplines. I kept my eyes on the action in the lighted 
center stage. Bill was beginning to work his way down Tania's body. As 
he reached her navel, she arched her back to grind his tongue into that 
shallow hole, showing him what she wanted farther down. She opened her 
legs and he moved so that her pussy was grinding into his chest as he 
continued to minister to her belly button.

I could hear Alice's breathing increase in tempo as she squirmed more. 
Finally I heard the zipper in her shorts make a discrete descent. I felt 
her lift her hips as she slid her shorts down to gain the full access 
she craved. Bill put one hand under each cheek of Tania's ass and 
extended his tongue as far as he could reach so we could all see it 
flick against Tania's hot pussy. Alice and I were sitting off to the 
side and had a great view as his tongue began to lick her hot pussy. 
When Bill's tongue first found Tania's clit she let out a moan that was 
echoed by both Alice and Beth. If I turned my head just a little I could 
see Beth working on herself and get a picture of what Alice's motions 
behind me must look like.

Cris, Tom, Mike and I were all sitting on the floor as planned. Tom 
turned to face Gail's open legs. She had quietly removed her lower 
garments and as Tom turned she slid down so that her pussy was at the 
edge of the sofa. Kris who sat beside her did the same and almost as one 
the two guys moved their mouths to the ladies treasures. Alice had just 
taken in the view and I felt her slide forward behind me. Tania was 
beginning to make little mewing sounds as Bill's tongue drive her up the 
ladder that was leading to her first orgasm. I turned toward Alice and 
without a word pushed her knees together and slid her shorts and panties 
down. She signaled condition Green-for-Go by lifting her feet so that 
her cloths came clear.

I began by kissing her knees. Using my lips and kisses, I wedged a space 
between her legs to admit my face. Slowly, I kissed the inside of one 
leg, then the other. Each trip between her legs brought me a little 
closer to her pussy. Alice involuntarily pushed toward me to hasten the 
trip, thus moving her ass right to the edge of the chair. I could tell 
by Tania's moaning that I'd better make contact with Alice's pussy soon 
or we might lose her when Bill moved to the next phase. I could feel the 
heat rolling off Alice's pussy. I'd never seen a pussy actually drip 
before without someone ministering to it. Alice's pussy was blonde and 
very lightly downed. The lips were swollen with passion and they oozed 
sweet nectar.

Without looking up at her face, I slowly let my tongue touch her cunt 
lips. Alice inhaled so hard I thought she would burst. She held that 
breath for a long time as my tongue traced up and down those sweet, 
virginal, love-soaked lips. Then I probed and as my tongue made contact 
with her clit she expelled that long held air in a prolonged hissing 
"Yeeessssssssssssss." I dared a peek at Beth and Mike. I could not see 
much of Mike, as Beth had her legs lifted with both hands buried in his 
hair holding him firm as she ground her hot box onto his mouth.

I dared now to place my hands under Alice's ass and lift her just a 
little so my tongue had complete access to her entire pussy. I began to 
lick the complete length of it with each stroke, ending with a double 
flick at her growing clit. My tongue was plowing a furrow right into the 
heart of this girl's passion. Tania could not hold back any longer as 
Bill had driven her to a frenzy. She began to scream, "Here it comes. Oh 
Gawd I'm cummmmmmminggggggg. Yes, Bill -- There! More! Faster... oh, 
yes! Ohhhh -- Yes! Aiiiiieeeeeeee!" And more of the same. 

That was too much for all the other ladies and it sounded like mating 
season for the entire feline population of the city as these pussies 
came, five at once. 

Alice lost control and grabbed my head in her hands. This was her first 
touch and it drove me wild. The urgent thrusting of her pelvis told me 
to dig into her clit with my tongue. She had a huge clit, which I drew 
into my mouth and just kept circling with my wet slippery tongue until 
the gush of boiling pussy juice against my chin told me she had reached 
as high as this was going to take her.

Before she could react with guilt, I slid her off the chair, sat beside 
her and held her tight and drew the last tremors into me. I reached up 
under her blouse and unfastened her front-clip bra and cupped her nice-
sized breasts. Her nipples were standing out so hard that I nearly 
stabbed my thumb on them. She responded to my touches with small, low 
moans. I sat so she could see the action in the center of the room.

Bill was now on his back and Tania was working her way from his face to 
his rock-hard erection. She stopped and rubbed his cock against her firm 
tits. Then she took it in her hand and gently began to kiss his entire 
cock. Alice stole a glance around the room and saw the scene being 
repeated in variations three more times. Beth was watching Tania and 
following her lead on Mark's raging ten-inch cock.

Alice turned and looked at my face for the first time in nearly an hour. 
She smiled and gently kissed me on the lips. Then she kissed my cheek 
and, finally, my ear. As she kissed my ear she whispered, "Show me how 
to give you what I just had...please!" I could never  forget  the
treatments I'd had in '95 that gave  me  my  18-inch  cock.  More
importantly, I had to remember the impact of it on a virgin, even if she 
was in her twenties. I took her hand and guided it to the lump in my 
pants. I watched the look on her face as her hand sent an image of that 
lump to her brain. First shock and then a smile crossed the window of 
her face as her hand squeezed, probed and traced the size and shape of 
my now nearly fully hard cock.

I unbuckled my belt and let her pull down the zipper as I undid the 
button. I hooked my thumbs in the waistband, lifted my hips and slid my 
pants down to my knees letting my huge hunk of meat rise into the air. 
She moved to my feet and slid my pants and jockey shorts fully away. 
Then she walked on her hands and knees between my legs until she was 
face to face with my full 18-inch shaft. She took one more look around 
the room and then took the base of my cock in her right hand. She put 
her left hand just above the right. This still left a full nine inches 
of cock for her to examine.

She looked at me, hesitating, not quite sure what to expect as she 
licked her lips in anticipation. First she brought her lips to the head 
and gently gave it a wet kiss. Then she parted her lips and slid them 
over the swollen pulsing cap of my cock. This first exploration only 
took the head of my cock into the hot cavern of her mouth and then she 
slowly withdrew. 

It was my turn to gasp. Her grip on my cock was squeezing me and my cock 
was swollen until the skin felt like it was going to burst. And then 
those soft, moist, silken lips slid over the head and down the shaft. My 
cock twitched as she took about six inches on this second stroke. This 
time she drew her head clear and looked at me with a soft smile. The 
look on my face told her all she needed to know and her smile widened. 
She wiped it away with the head of my cock and began to work her head up 
and down trying to see how much she could get into her mouth before she 
gagged. All around us women were gulping down cocks but I have no idea 
what was happening because I could not take my eyes from the face of 
this lovely girl whose head bobbed over my crotch.

I did not want to cum yet, but I had to give her all she wanted. She 
began to involve her tongue in the action and both her hands began to 
follow her head. He mouth was filled with saliva and it leaked out, 
lubricating her hands and now her mouth and both hands slid up and down 
my cock as one unit. The feeling was like the greatest pussy on earth 
sucking me in and then forcing me back out. I had to stop her. I had to 
get back into control.

I took Alice's head between my hands and lifted her mouth from my cock. 
I rose to a near-sitting position and brought her face to mine. I kissed 
her with an open mouth, burying my tongue deep in her. I explored the 
inside of that haven and rubbed the tip of my tongue against the roof of 
her mouth until she giggled. The I pulled her toward me, crushing her 
breasts to my chest and whispered into her ear, "That was beautiful, now 
it's my turn again."

Gently, I laid her on her back, pulling the cushion from the chair and 
placing it under her head. I spread her legs and got on my knees between 
them. I reached down and took my cock in my hand and began to rub her 
pussy with the head. I made no move to apply pressure. I did not want 
her to tighten in fear. I kept gently parting her swollen pussy lips 
with the head of my cock. I made sure that each upward stroke touched 
her clit. I leaned toward her just enough that my cock head slipped into 
the well that indicated the entrance to that untouched tunnel. Alice 
began to match my tempo, pushing toward me as my glans moved into the 
her vaginal entrance. My cock head was soaked with the sweet flow of her 
pussy. I leaned forward and took her right hand and guided it to my 
shaft. She wrapped her fingers around it and began to rub herself as I 
had been stroking her hot slit.

Alice had obviously expanded far beyond the instructions contained in 
the Manual for Relaxation Exercises. The manual details methods for the 
relief of the physical tensions caused by the physical sexual need. The 
manual is very clear that no objects other than the hands are to be 
used. Further, the manual states that a woman is not permitted to 
actually penetrate the vaginal opening at any time.

Alice began trying to push her hot vagina up onto my throbbing cock 
head. I supported myself on my hands and knees above her and let her 
take control of all the action. Alice would rub my cock head on her 
erect clit and then slide it down between her pussy lips to her begging 
entrance. When she had my cock positioned at the entrance to her moist 
hole she would buck her hips toward me and take the head of my cock 
inside her tight opening. Each time she made this trip she would pull me 
a bit farther inside. It was time for me to take firm but gentle control 
of our motions.

On her next thrust upward, I lowered my hips just enough that when she 
lowered her ass to the carpet, my cock did not pull clear of her pussy. 
I took her hand and moved it so that her fuck finger was right on her 
clit. She signaled her acceptance of this change by starting a circular 
motion of her finger on her clit. I began a slow but firm thrusting with 
my hips. I kept the motions slow and gentle. With just my cock head in 
her I rotated my hips to increase the size of her opening and to assure 
full lubrication. Then I would slide my cock into her with a slow 
forward thrust until I had increased my penetration a small amount from 
the previous invasion. Four, five, six, seven, eight inches of my 
pulsing dick were being engulfed by her thrashing body. 

I lowered my body onto hers. I slid one arm under each of hers and 
forced her arms around me. I held her head in my hands and began to kiss 
her lips, cheeks, nose and eyes. All the while I kept up the constant 
and demanding probing of her pussy. Finally, at about ten inches of 
penetration, I met solid resistance. This was all she could take for now 
without losing the wonderful gains made. I let my body rest on hers, 
letting her feel the weight of the man to whom she had given  her
virginity. I began to slowly fuck in and out of her pussy. With each 
stroke, I rotated my hips. Alice responded by grinding her ass in a 
circular motion and matching my thrusts with her own. 

"It feels so good .... to have a man inside me! ....When my fingers 
were all ... they were enough. ..... Never again ....  Relaxation 
Exercises ....  only hint .... REAL THING!!!," Alice gasped into my 
face as wave after wave of pre-orgasmic convulsions took control of 
her. 

She was beginning to lose control. Her movements were less rhythmic and 
more spastic. She tightened her arms around my shoulders, arched her 
back, lifted her legs high into the air and accepted as much of my 
nearly exploding cock into her as she could. Her surrender was complete. 
Alice was consumed by the desire to reach higher and higher on the 
Orgasmic Scale. She wanted to feel the pain of my thrusting too deep. 

I began now to try to bring her to her ultimate climax. I withdrew 
slowly until only the head of my cock remained captive in that scalding 
hole. Then I would thrust rapidly forward until the limits of her cavity 
stopped me. I drove forward as fast as I could and gradually increased 
the pace of my withdrawals. Her vagina began to give off that special 
odor that signaled the release of the last reserves of lubricating and 
stimulating fluid. Her pussy was sloppy wet and my cock was making 
sucking sounds as it pummeled her virginal hole.

Alice's feet were pointed at the sky like some toppled ballet dancer and 
her back was curled to raise her pussy as high as possible. In the 
background I could hear the sounds of four sets of matching orgasms from 
the others in the room. I determined to take her as high as she could 
go. With each stoke forward I began to pause, forcing her body to accept 
and adjust to the savage manhood that was filling it. With my cock 
straining against her vaginal walls, I would grind my hips to make sure 
that every nerve felt the pressure of the contact. Out, in again, rotate 
and repeat. Alice was holding her breath for thirty seconds at a time, 
straining to accommodate the rapture that was overtaking her. She began 
to scream and buck against me. She had completely surrendered to the 
fire spreading from her center. Each thrust was matched with another cry 
of passion and another flood of her juices. 

I gave her no respite as I kept her impaled on my staff. She crested and 
began to ebb a bit when my first wave of climax hit. I drove into her 
and stretched her until I had a foot of enraged cock pinning her there. 
I let her feel the surge as my load exploded along the length of my 
cock. When the first hot consignment exited and she felt the heat of it 
she went rigid. All of her muscles locked. And then the second load was 
expelled from my convulsing cock to add to the fire from the first. 
Alice began a scream that continued on and on as my cock erupted time 
and time again inside the confining softness of her. 

She stopped screaming and began gasping for breath. I wrapped my arms 
around her and held her close, slowly rocking her. Her small body 
burrowed into mine as she sought shelter from the crescendo of emotions 
sweeping over her. I looked at her face and she was smiling as tears 
leaked from her eyes. I gently kissed the tears away and murmured 
reassuring words as she slowly returned to rational thought. I stole a 
glance at the others. They were all watching us so I shielded Alice from 
awareness of their gaze. Gently I withdrew from inside her. As my cock 
made its exit her body gave a shudder of regret. I gently helped her to 
her feet and led her toward the shower.

Inside the shower, we did not speak until I had washed her back and 
massaged her legs. As I rose from the second leg she reached for me and 
pulled me to her. Alice held me for a moment as though that embrace was 
her last anchor to sanity. When she pulled away she was crying -- with 
an angelic smile on her face. "Thank you, thank you so much for showing 
me what my body could give to me. I'm yours for as long and as often as 
you will have me. I have too many questions and not enough answers."

I smiled and kissed away her tears. As I turned off the water I said 
softly, "You are the most passionate woman I have ever encountered. It 
would be my honor to teach you the ways of the past and of the future."

There was much to explain to Alice and I will share those lessons with 
you later.
