Archive-name: 3plus/cumtim.txt
Archive-author: Windy City
Archive-title: Come Time


WARNING! The following work of fiction contains Sexually Explicit
material which can not under current laws be shared by anyone under 
the age of 18 in the United States.  If material depicting Sexual 
acts offends you, do not continue to read this work. 

Do not remove this warning from any copy of this work, physical or 
electronic.  The author has inserted this warning for his and your 
protection.
-------------------------------------------------------------------

    Come Time - Chapter 1 - Around the World the Hard Way

                           By Windy City
         SysOp of the NixPix Windy City BBS  708/564-1069


This is my recollection of The Revolution. Not the sexual 
revolution as such, but the real revolt of the human animals against 
their keepers, those who passed the millions of laws to protect us 
from ourselves and to enslave our soul, spirt, our very humanity.

I have the luxury of having discovered, in the ruins of Chicago, the 
Morgue of the Chicago Sun Times newspaper.  With not much else left 
to do I have been reading through the archives of daily and Sunday 
editions to help me relive the past 35 years. 

What memories there are.  My most exciting time was Fat Tuesday 
1998.  I can still remember how the entire city of Boston cast aside 
the latest church edict and experienced a pagan celebration the likes 
of which was never equaled.  I was in Lexington, on the green at 
Breeds Hill and I was one of many who helped fire that shot they now 
say was heard around the universe.

It had been a nice spring, warmer than usual along the eastern
seacoast and the common was filled with costumed and uninhibited 
visitors from around the world.  The populace of this once catholic 
conservative community had decided to openly raise issue with the 
Popes decree that there would be no gluttony of sinning just because 
Lent was about to begin.  And so here we were risking eternal 
damnation in the pits of Hell to have a bit of fun before 40 days of 
the living hell which had become Lent.

I decided that I would regale myself as a Stud Bull just to show on 
the outside the urges I was feeling within.  I was standing by one 
of the few trees left on the hill when a group of bewitchingly 
beautiful women passed, must have been six of them, all dressed as 
the characterization of what nice girls think whores look like.  

"Hey, girls, got time to take on a Sailor", the line was cast.

"Sure, what you got in mind.", giggled the cute redhead.

"Get your cute asses over here and lets see what we can negotiate."

It took a bit of whispering and chuckling before three of the ladies 
headed my way and the rest of them went toward the more lighted 
areas.

It was easy to tell that these three had a little help loosing their 
inhibitions but, what the hell they were cute.  "I'm WC."  "Molly." 
"Tish." "Sue." Suddenly we were old friends.

Molly had the cutest fanny a man could want and was wearing a mini 
that almost reached her crotch and I just had to touch.  She began 
to wiggle it under the pressure of my hand. Tish just walked up 
beside me and started whispering in my ear. 

"Well mister Stud Bull you better be well fed and well rested because 
we are going to drain you dry if it takes all night."

Sue was the quiet type but knew what to do and took her place at my 
feet and lifted the flap which held the two foot long simulated Bull 
Cock that was part of the costume and dug out my expanding cock.

Back in '85 I got a dose of insecurity and was one of a hundred or 
so guys who went to this place in Cleveland that claimed to make 
your cock bigger.  Well I had 10 inches when I went in and they 
decided to see what they could do since most of their clients 
started with six or less.  Well these Docs gave me the works and by 
the time I left there I was sporting a foot and a half of meat any 
time I got real excited. 

"My Gawd, look at this thing", was her reaction when the real thing 
began to inflate from the touch of her hand.  I was getting ready 
for action.

Molly the Mini was pulling it up to where it was fast becoming a 
belt and her panties went while Tish was tongue fucking my mouth 
like a jackhammer with the hots.  But Sweet Sue was sucking my 
attention right away from the other two and I mean she was sucking.

She put one hand around my shaft at the base and her other hand 
around the middle. Then she opened her mouth, licked her lips 
glistening wet. Sue parted her lips just a tad and forced them the 
rest of the way open by pushing her mouth onto my cock and she just 
kept pushing until I felt the convulsion as it hit the back of her 
throat.  She kept pushing and gagging until tears ran down her face 
and this was just the first stroke.  Her head began to pull back and 
at the same time her hands moved lightly along my cock keeping pace 
with her retreating lips.  The combination of her mouth and hands 
began a slow paced cock sucking rhythmic in and out that was getting 
me to my full extension damn fast.  Tish had managed to get behind 
me and had uncovered my ass and was preparing for her own feast.

I spread my feet, leaned my shoulders against the tree and walked my 
feet far enough away from it's trunk to let her have room to sit 
with her face so close to my ass I could feel every breath of hot 
air she exhaled.  With one hand she cupped and gently massaged my 
balls. She used the other to open my cheeks enough I could feel her 
blowing on my tight anus.  Then like a steaming hot poker her tongue 
speared my ass hole and went a full inch inside. Sue nearly got 
strangled by being on the wrong end of a stroke when my involuntary 
thrust shoved about 4 inches of cock past the back of her mouth and 
down her throat.

Molly had managed to get all of her clothes into one band around her 
middle and had one hand trying to rip her tits off she was working 
on them so hard. The other hand looked like a cake mixer the way it 
was twirling at her clit and pussy lips.  But she wanted a hunk of 
me some how and suddenly she got a gleam in her eye and reached up 
and grabbed a tree limb.  Like Tarzana she swings her pussy right 
into my face and wrapped her legs around the tree trunk.  That girl 
had great aim.  Her clit just popped right between my lips and I had 
to fight the sneeze building from her light pussy hair in my nose. 
She almost lost her grip and had to swing back and wrap her arms 
around the limb rather than hold on with her hands.

While Molly was getting ready for another swing at me, I got a chance 
to see Sue and Tish getting into the most devilish position I had 
ever seen.  Tish was sitting against the tree, legs out and Sue 
lifted herself up and sat on her feet.  Not like you think she sat 
on them either.  Tish bent one foot toward her and one away and Sue 
first started the right foot up her ass and then leaned back and got 
the left one into her pussy.  She took one hand off my cock long 
enough to get the toes into the right holds and then just 
wriggled herself down to the arches.  Then Tish bent her knees so 
that her thighs parted and Sue extended one leg and popped her size 
five right into Tish's box.  These girls had done this before.

That was the last thing I saw for a long while because Molly had 
gotten her grips figured out and slammed me back to doing my share 
by filling my mouth with one dripping wet pussy.  I could not have 
stood another stimulation.  Sue was picking up speed with her mouth 
fucking and the two hand grip kept getting tighter and tighter on my 
rock hard cock.  Every stroke she managed to get more and more of my 
cock past the corner and down her throat.  I could feel the angle 
changing as she bounced up and down on her two footed seat and could 
hear a sound like a dishrag inside a glass as she and Tish got 
looser and wetter from the stretching and pounding their sweet 
pussies were taking.

I felt Tish's tongue keep fucking my ass hole. I never knew a tongue 
could be so hot, hard, or long.  I felt like it was 6 inches long 
and big as a bottle as he kept banging her face into my ass and 
driving that tongue farther and farther up my ass.  This gave new 
meaning to "cheek to cheek".  My tongue was getting an intimate 
relationship with Molly's pussy.  First I would run it from ass hole 
to clit. Then I'd poke it in and out of her pussy three or four 
times real fast.  And the last stop was to suck her clit into my 
mouth where I could swirl my tongue around it so fast it nearly 
burned me.  Molly began flexing her legs and banging her box into my 
face as she was the first to lose control.  

There she was hanging from a tree with my face and the tree trunk in 
her leg lock and she began to scream at the top of her lungs. "Here 
I cum.  Oh God, here I cum.  YYIIIeeee, whoooee ieeeee eiiii 
aiaiaiaia wheeeeeiiiii."  So loud I'm sure they heard her at the 
old North Church.  She was loud to me, even with her legs wrapped 
around my ears.  I damn near got knocked out as she started driving 
her pussy right at my mouth. All I could do was suck her clit into 
my mouth and hang on and keep my tongue moving until it got cramps. 

Next thing I know is that the tongue is out of my ass and Tish is 
howling like an old fashioned steam engine.  Each scream is right 
into my burning ass hole and feels like a blow torch as she tries to 
out scream Molly.  I can feel her trashing behind me and I know she 
has completely lost it.

Sweet, quiet Sue is not making a sound. The leg that is foot fucking 
Tish is jerking like she stepped in something bad and is trying to 
kick it off.  Every kick forces another scream from Tish.  My cock is 
being jerked up and down what seems like a foot as she bounces her 
ass and pussy on Tish's feet.  Her grip on my cock is so tight that 
it feels like the skin is going to burst if I don't get some blood 
flowing soon.  But most of all her head is going in and out like a 
woodpecker trying to get a first rate termite from an old oak tree.

Tish grabs my balls and shoves two finger up my ass to get my cum 
flowing and I can feel it starting in my toes.  My legs begin to 
shake and my cock begins to twitch signalling Sue to get ready.  
Molly almost gets her clit bit off as the first convulsion runs thru 
me and catches Sue with my cock nearly half way down her throat.  
With the first jerk my cock is its full size and nearly strangles 
her.  Sue pulls back with just the head of my cock in her mouth and 
starts pumping both hand as fast as she can.  Molly swings back and 
drops away from me and I look down at Sue's filling cheeks as shot 
after shot goes into her mouth.  Tish pulls away and three feet 
leave hot spots with a pop like a cork.  Suddenly all three girls 
are helping fill Sue's mouth my hot white explosion.  Suddenly it is 
like I'm having the orgasm of the century.  Each quake is greater 
than the last.  True to my costume I begin to bellow at the top of 
my lungs. "YUJJGGREEE, HERE IT CUMS".  "FUCK, SHIT, OH GAWD, 
ARRRGGGGEEEEEE." louder, much louder than even the girls, I announce 
to the world that heaven on earth has arrived.  With the tremors 
subsiding a bit I look down and see Sue gasping for breath, mouth 
open with Tish and Molly open mouthed under her chin catching the 
cum she had been storing there like a small rodent preparing for 
winter.

Like magic a towel and tissue appear and the clean up is swift and 
efficient.  As soon as I get my costume in rough order I begin to 
thank them for the great time but they have already vanished like 
the spirits of the night they really were.

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Chicago Sun Times:

    Lexington, Ma.  Authorities attribute last nights Orgy and Riot 
    to the primal orgasmic screams which originated from Breeds Hill 
    just after 10:00 PM last night.  The Fat Tuesday celebration was 
    proceeding as planned when male and female cries of sexual 
    ecstasy echoed through the country side.  Like a torch through 
    tinder, the animal passion swept through the crowd.  Already 
    excited from their own revelry the estimated 40,000 began to 
    perform every conceivable act of sexual gratification.

        ....

    One local official was heard to quip, "That fella fired a shot 
    that was heard around the world."........

--------------------------------------------------------------------

There's a lot more to this story but I'm getting a bit tired and 
need to check out a few more things.  I'll tell you more as soon as 
I get my facts right and get a little rest.


 Come Time - Chapter 2 - The Second Coming (and a third...) 
 
    This is my recollection of The Revolution. Not the sexual
revolution, as such, but the real revolt of the human animals against 
their keepers, those who passed the millions of laws to protect us from 
ourselves and to enslave our soul, our spirit -- our very humanity. 
    I have the luxury of having discovered, in the ruins of Chicago, 
the morgue of the "Chicago Sun Times" newspaper. With not much else left 
to do I have been reading through the archives of daily and Sunday 
editions to help me relive the past 35 years
 ..................................................................... 
    If I don't establish some pattern for this history even I won't
be able to follow along. Each time I sit down to write I'm going to 
include three items: 1. Something from the distant past that helps give 
background to aid in understanding. 2. Another event from the Rebellion 
that started in 1998. 3. A short Summary of the history related to date 
---------------------------------------------------------------------- 
    On this morning, I was scanning the news from the summer of '89. 
Damn papers were filled with the debate between the French and the 
Americans over who found the AIDS virus first. Shame that not many folks 
study history or write authentic novels these days. That is the bequest 
of history to me. To transcribe the facts from the evidence presented in 
the few remaining archives, to establish conclusions based on these 
artifacts, and to interpret these conclusions based on the expertise 
gained by having survived the period under discussion. And, last, to try 
to pass along what really happened -- not just dates and uninspiring 
facts, but the pure emotional experience. 
    The 1980s BA (Before AIDS) were really great. Like  all
Revolutions, the Sexual Revolution had run its course and been replaced 
with a stratified menu of life styles. Most of us operated on more than 
one level. My behavior was like that of a submarine in the sea of 
humanity. I submerged and explored the layers through my periscope, 
occasionally venturing to actually raise my pole in the waters. A 
sociologist might present a detailed logically organized discussion of 
the flavors but I would much rather call 'em like I saw 'em and here's 
one: 

    VIRGIN and the pressure builds! 

    We all start this way. Then, one day, I didn't want to be one
any more. That was a real problem. I was about 12 (going on 50). My dad 
had this set of black and white porno playing cards that were so raunchy 
that I got a hard on just thinking about sneaking a look at them. My 
folks gave me the same sex education that the dog got, which was to get 
hit with the garden hose if I looked like I was even thinking about it. 
    One day my dad was working and my mother was gone and I spent
about an hour looking at those cards and thinking about playing "POKE 
HER." That night I lay in bed, making a tent by stroking my pole, when 
all of a sudden this thick white junk stared to come out the end of it. 
I thought sure something was wrong: The damn stuff looked like puss! I 
was awake half the night worrying if I would survive. I'd gone and broke 
the damn thing before I got to use it. I hit the library and did some 
intense reading and got one hell of an education in a hurry. My best 
education came when I read "Knock On Any Door." There was just enough 
between the lines in that one for me to figure out that everything was 
okay and I had a lot to look forward to. This habit of learning from 
books continued for many years and really worked great. There were books 
on positions, on the female orgasm, anatomy, sexual stimulation,
perversion and every other avenue I wanted to explore. 
    By the time I was 14 I figured I was ready (and my dick was more 
than ready). My cousin (about 57 times removed) was a cute scrawny kid 
of about 12 who just thought I was GOD incarnate. Well, I kept taking 
her for walks in the woods as her emotions and body began to pump the 
same hormones into her that my balls were pumping into me. 
    One day, about 3 miles from home in the woods, we sat down to
rest for a while. I put my arm around her and she sat stiff as a tree at 
first. Gradually she relaxed and leaned against me. Now, I've got to 
describe Dar a bit. She was really a skinny kid and only about four-and-
a-half-feet tall. She had black hair down to her waist and no hips. 
    She turned toward me to say something and I kissed her. She
started to pull away and then wrapped her arms around my neck so tight 
the bones in her thin arms felt like they were gonna cut my head off. My 
springbuck cock damn near ripped the buttons off my fly as it cracked to 
attention so fast you could hear it. We sucked each others' lips and 
tried to give each other a tonsil check for over an hour. Dar was from 
an old fashion family and always wore dresses or skirts and blouses. I 
worked her onto her back and spent as much of my energy as possible 
trying to make sure she could feel the lump from my hard cock against 
her hot spot. When we finally stopped and I got off her I could see the 
moisture on her white cotton panties. We had to get home but we promised 
to "walk" again tomorrow. 
    Both my mother and father worked so I was home alone the next
morning at ten when Dar knocked at the door. I let her in and her face 
was flushed and she was all giggly. I told her I needed to eat breakfast 
and she sat at the kitchen table and watched me eat a bowl of cereal. I 
went into my room and grabbed a blanket and we took off out the back 
door and quick-stepped up the hill behind the house toward the woods. It 
took just minutes to get to yesterday's passion pit, although it seemed 
to both of us like we would never get there. Neither us said a word; 
there was no need. As soon as I had the blanket down she sat on it, laid 
back and opened her arms. My cock jumped to full hard and started 
flexing inside my pants. I let myself down beside her and we started 
right where we had left off yesterday. 
    I wanted to see a female body in living color, so I began to
unbutton her white blouse as fast as I could with one hand while my lips 
were trying to suck her buck teeth out of her mouth. Her young tits had 
just started to emerge. Her nipples were rock-hard and the slight mounds 
on her chest barely hid her ribs. I pulled away from her lips and began 
to suckle those tiny tits and Dar began to twitch and moan. I kept 
asking and she kept telling me she was all right. I went back to kissing 
her and let my hand go for her crotch. I'd never felt anything so soft. 
She had white cotton panties and my hand slid under them and just felt 
around that black fuzz on her mound. I finally discovered the wet spot 
farther down and kept rubbing it and she kept squeezing me tighter and 
tighter. 
    I knew that if I did not get my cock out of my pants it was
going to suffer permanent damage. I stood on my knees between her 
toothpick legs and opened my pants and slid down my Jockey shorts. My 
cock jumped out like a jack-in-a-box and pointed right at her face. Her 
brown eyes got so big that I thought she was about to scream. I laid 
down on top of her and began kissing her and she wrapped her arms around 
my neck and hung on for her life as I ground my ten-inch cock against 
her hot dripping panties. I finally had to get her panties off and she 
kinda helped by lifting her legs a bit, but she was scared of that huge 
thing I had sticking out of my hairy crotch. 
    I pushed her back down and got into position again and began to
rub my enormous, hot, hard cockmeat against her. Pretty soon she was 
grinding her pubic bone into me and bouncing her tiny ass up and down to 
rub her pussy against the shaft of my cock. I just had to come pretty 
soon. My balls were hurting like I'd been kicked. I raised up and took 
my cock in my hand and began to rub the head of it in that hot juice 
between her legs. Every time I hit her clit she jerked like she had 
stuck her finger in a light socket. 
    Faster and faster I kept rubbing it up and down and my hand was
pumping up and down the shaft every time I stroked her.
BIIIINNNNNNNGGGGGGGOOOOOOOOOOO!! There were five of the fastest squirts 
of cum you ever saw. Must have been a full cup of it spraying all over 
her pink pussy flesh and she jerked and twitched like it was boiling as 
she came right along with me. We were both too embarrassed and shocked 
to speak and started to put our clothes back in place when she said, 
"Shame on you, you could have held it." She thought I'd pissed on her 
she was so wet. She wiped with my handkerchief and we walked home just 
as silently as before. Thus we became technical virgins. We knew the 
joys of orgasm with the stimulation of a partner but we had not actually 
had intercourse. 
    There isn't much more to the story of Dar. She moved away the
next week and I didn't see her until she was 30 and married, divorced 
and married again. I was at a wedding when this stunning woman in a 
black dress walked up to me and gave me a bear hug. Just as I realized 
who it was, she whispered in my ear, "I'm still trying to find a man who 
can make we twitch like you did that morning." I spent two days there 
waiting for the swelling in my head to go down enough I could get 
through the door. 
    I'm not sure why but thinking about Dar reminds me of the
meeting at Milly's Mansion in the summer of 1998. I had become famous 
and a wanted man by church and government for having cause the ruckus 
that spring. This elevated my status in the Underground. (I'll tell you 
about the Underground some other time.) Milly was the leader of one of 
the all-female cells in the Underground and she invited me to a meeting 
at her place. 
    I'd heard stories about their meetings, so the invitation was
accepted almost before it was out of her mouth. Besides Milly and I had 
a special kind of relationship. 
    I drove over to Lake Michigan, turned North and finally came to
the turn to her place. Once I got past the guard, a woman who could have 
played in the NFL, I parked beside a Rolls and headed inside. The gal at 
the door damn near tore my arm off until Milly saved me from being 
ground up for dog food. 
    "Men are not permitted to attend our meetings. You are going to
have to observe from the closet." Milly explained as she led me down a 
dark hall way and opened a door into a room about four feet square with 
a two way mirror facing into what looked like a concert hall filled with 
love seats instead of chairs. "Enjoy, and don't get caught," she
whispered as she quickly closed the door. 
    I found a comfortable chair and got settled just in time to see
Milly take her place at a microphone in front of about 50 of the most 
beautiful women ever assembled in one place. I'm going to relate as much 
as I can remember from this mind blowing evening. 
    Milly stood by the microphone until she was noticed and seats
were taken. 
    "The situation is no longer stable. This morning another of the
clone labs was penetrated and Y chromosome introduced into an entire 
batch of unfertilized eggs. Men are becoming more militant and not 
observing the sexless reproduction laws. Gangs of men have been reported 
kidnaping virgins from the compounds, taking them into hiding, using 
intercourse for impregnation, and allowing human childbirth. If this 
were an isolated incident, there would not be cause for alarm. We have 
always had to deal with a few renegade naturalist factions. But, this is 
the third attack this month. Clearly, the Real Reproduction group is 
gaining strength. Unless we can eradicate this menace we will see a 
return of human reproduction to the Dark Ages." 
    I'd never seen this side of Milly. We had been members of the
Real Reproduction underground together for many years. I had always 
wondered how she was able to know exactly what the other side was doing. 
Now I knew. She was a Clean Party leader. 
    "Does anyone have any information that will help identify who is 
responsible for these crimes?" 
    A stunning redhead rose and walked to the microphone. 
    "We all know the cause. That renegade WC has been getting a lot
of attention since Breeds Hill. There were people in that crowd from all 
over the world. Before it was over, nearly everyone there had copulated 
at least once. Now they are all spreading stories about how wonderful it 
is and telling others to try it. All of our efforts to bring
civilization to a new high are in jeopardy. We have nearly eliminated 
this wretched fornication and the associated wasted human energy it 
represents. 
    "I've been doing research on this threat. He has been sexually
active in one form or another since he was 12 years old. He is known to 
have had virgins and participated in orgies. For the past eight years he 
has been using a computer bulletin board network to promote free
participation in sexual activities. We have captured and interrogated 
one of his confederates. I would like to read what he says about this 
WC." 
    "'WC gives us all access to pictures and stories of real human
sexual experiences. Hundreds of us meet electronically every day to 
trade our experiences, engage in CompuSex, and to exchange mail with 
others who share our interests.' 
    "We have been trying to trace this renegade but his followers
are amazingly loyal." 
    With that she returned to her seat. Milly returned to the
microphone. 
    "There are always have been rumors about these networks, but
none have been confirmed by our investigators. We all know that what 
happened at Breeds Hill was a blow to our cause. Has anyone been able to 
find out more about this WC?" 
    No one spoke or moved. 
    "We will meet here in one week. I want everyone of you to
question your acquaintances to see what we can learn about the leader of 
this Rebellion." 
    With that Milly left the room and the others slowly filed out. I 
waited, knowing she would not come for me until it was safe. 
    How had my one foray into the open this spring had such an
impact? Had I underestimated the pent-up urges in the loins of the 
people? Was it really time to take the cloak of civilization from human 
sexuality? Maybe people were ready to grow up and realize that all their 
attitudes about sex had been implanted by those who wanted to control 
them. Only time would tell, but I was definitely having to step up the 
program. 
    Milly and I had been lovers for some years now but this was my
first visit to her Mansion. I was beginning to get bored when the door 
opened and she slid in. We embraced for a long while. 
    "So far, so good. These are the cream of the Clean Party. If
they have no clues to your identity, then you are safe for now." 
    "Milly, it has been too long since you have been under my thumb. 
I want to purge you of those people and return you to me. Take me to the 
room I know is here somewhere. It is time to pay homage to your Master." 
    "I had this room built just for you. It is very difficult to
find tradesmen you can trust to do the construction I had in mind." 
    With those words she pressed a latch and a door opened to a set
of stairs going up toward the attic. I followed her flowing blonde mane 
and tiny hips as she lead the way. When we reached the top, she tapped a 
code on an electronic lock. After nearly 20 digits, I heard the
electronic latch click and she pushed in. 
    She stepped aside and I entered. The lights came on and Milly
knelt and averted her eyes as a good slave should. I left her there and 
began to explore the shrine she had constructed for her master. It was a 
perfect playroom for a space just twelve by twelve. One wall was had 
rings mounted on the wall every two feet from floor to ceiling. Another 
wall was padded and had four chain hoists suspended about a foot from 
the wall. The left side of the room had a padded table about four-by-
eight feet and exactly 36 inches high. The table had trays just under 
the top filled with lengths of leather cord. 
    The right side of the room had a metal stool with a saddle seat. 
Extending from the seat were five adjustable arms each terminated by an 
adjustable metal and leather clamp. 
    "My slave has done well. Have these been tested?" 
    She shook her head no, knowing the punishment for an incomplete
task. 
    "Then you shall be the tool of my testing." With that, I walked
to her, grabbed her arm and dragged her across the floor to the padded 
wall. I pressed the down button for one of the hoists until it had 
lowered the leather cuffs to the level of my face. First one then the 
other was tightly close about her wrists. By pressing the up button it 
was possible to stretch Milly until just her toes touched the floor. 
    I spun her to face me and put my hand down the neck of her dress 
and ripped it away from her body leaving her hanging there in bra and 
lace panties. I walked to the table and found the knife I knew would be 
there. I cut the bra in the center. Using my knee to force her legs 
apart, I slid the cool steel between her legs and slit her panties 
across the crotch. With a slow, thoughtful walk I returned the knife to 
its proper place. As I turned, I saw her watching me; such impertinence 
would be punished. In the corner I found the tool for her discipline, a 
wooden handle with five strands of silk rope, each knotted about two 
inches from the end and frayed. 
    The handle was sanded smooth and waxed. I tested the whip by
flicking the frayed end across her buttocks. It was nicely balanced and 
the ten inch handle would have many uses. I took off my shirt and shoes 
and began my work. First bringing the lash downward to create light red 
streaks along her spine and then across to create a pattern of red and 
white squares. Then I moved to the front, wrapping all but one strand of 
the lash around my hand. It took several trials, but finally I had the 
range. With each strike the frayed end of the lash hit her nipple with a 
hundred threads. I was rewarded by a soft whimper and the sight of the 
nipple swelling into erection. I favored each swelling breast with ten 
strokes and then brought the lash upward so that the knot barely touched 
her pubic hair. She could not keep her legs together and thrust her 
mound toward me. 
    My practiced hand brought the lash up and the dancing threads
stroked her exposed clit with each strike. Milly began to time the 
strokes and would push her pussy forward trying to open it so those soft 
silk threads could caress the lips and clit with each swing of the lash. 
    "Are you ready to serve, slave?" She nodded her response,
keeping her face toward the floor. The DOWN button let me release her 
hands and I took her to the stool. Milly cowered at how I might use this 
strange looking device that had been built to my specifications. 
    I grabbed her by the hair and forced her forward with the seat
pressing against her abdomen. I walked around and adjusted one of the 
arms until the leather was positioned at her throat. I used the strap to 
secure he neck. Next I fastened each arm over her head and slightly off 
to the side. Last, I spread her legs wide and strapped them down at the 
knees but left them free to bend. 
    She was completely helpless, her ass held high by the seat, legs 
down and out of the way and her head held in position between her 
outstretched arms. I stood beside the foot peddle jack that raised and 
lowered the seat and turned her so that her face was in reach. With her 
watching with wide eyes I removed my pants, letting my erection free. I 
took my cock in my hands and slowly moved toward her. I grabbed her hair 
and pulled her head so that her face was toward me. One press of the 
foot peddle put her mouth directly in front of my cock. I took my hand 
and fed the head into her mouth. I held two inches of my 18-inch cock 
between her lips, letting her look at the length yet to attack her. I 
reached over her and brought the lash down hard on her back. "Use your 
tongue, slave, serve your Master." 
    She was eager to do just that and began to minister to my cock
head. In this position I had unimpeded access to her throat without 
having to put a bend in my cock. As her tongue tried to caress my shaft 
I began to rock back and forth, fucking her helpless face with my rock 
hard meat. With each stroke I went a bit deeper into her. My first 
penetration into her throat met with resistance. I drew back, giving her 
time to breathe, and then thrust past the block and into her throat. I 
would keep my cock blocking her airway until she began to panic and then 
withdraw to let her gasp for air. Finally the rhythm was established and 
I fucked in and out of her maw using nearly a foot of my huge dick. 
    She was not to get off that easy though. I withdrew before I
exploded into her mouth and rotated her until I was presented with her 
tiny ass. How a woman with such big tits could have an ass that tiny 
amazed me. Her cunt was reeking with the scent of woman in heat as I 
spread her pussy lips and shoved nearly half my cock in with one thrust. 
Her gasp told me that my first surprise was successful. I began to pump 
her pussy with all the anger I felt for the mess that had become
civilization. Each thrust skewered her deeper. She would take all of it, 
every inch. At about 12 inches she began to cry out with each thrust, 
but the slopping sound told me there was no real harm being done. The 
strokes were long, slowly withdrawn and fired forward as though
punctuating my passions. First 13 then 14 and finally 16 inches of rock-
hard, raging cock were ripping her apart. Finally I was rewarded with 
the slap of her cheeks against my body and I held deep inside her and 
flexed my cock. I could barely hear her moans as her pussy walls
clutched as I twitched my dick. With one hard shove I ended it by 
pulling clear of her so fast that her pussy kept twitching as it slowly 
closed. 
    I replaced my cock with the whip handle. I pushed it in until
only the lashes extending from her pussy gave a clue to its presence. 
Now for her final domination I spread those small cheeks and exposed her 
tiny anus. Milly had never surrendered this forbidden hole to me, but 
that was about to change. I rubbed two of my fingers in the juice of her 
pussy and in spite of her pleas, shoved them all the way into her ass 
with one swift thrust. She nearly broke loose from the bonds, she 
twisted so hard at this rude invasion of her bowel. I let the thrashing 
subside before I began sawing my hand in and out. I could feel the whip 
handle and began to push it against her cervix with my finger inside her 
ass. In spite of herself she began to respond. I could feel her ass 
lifting to receive my forward thrust hand with each stroke. She was 
ready. 
    I pulled my fingers slowly all the way out and replaced them
with the head of my straining cock. It took all my strength to push my 
cockhead past her resisting sphincter muscles, but with a popping sound 
I won. I was crazy with lust and began to feed my bulging throbbing cock 
into her ass. When I had about half of it into her I began to fuck it in 
and out. First very slowly, but as she began to relax and respond I 
picked up the pace. To keep from killing her I wrapped both hands around 
my cock to limit the depth of my thrusts. I kept increasing the pace 
until I knew I had reached my limit. With shaking legs and quivering 
breath I withdrew my cock and the whip at the same time. I looked down 
and watched her body convulse with one last orgasm caused by that 
withdrawal. 
    I approached her flushed face and released her hands. My slave
knew her duty. She wrapped both hands around my cock and fed it into the 
entry end of her digestive system. She jammed her head onto it with an 
urgency that neared mine. The slave needed my fulfillment as much as I 
did. Faster and faster she pulled my cock into her. Overcoming all 
natural instincts, pushed it farther, deeper and faster until my cum 
erupted in great bubbling spasms into her hungry serving mouth. My last 
thrusts filled her mouth but she dutifully swallowed every drop and 
pumped me dry. 
    I released the last of her bonds. She got the soap and water and 
dutifully washed both of us clean. In a plain white cotton robe she 
helped me close the room. As a last act of total submission she told me 
how to change the room access key to one I alone could use. 
    We kissed and I left without an escort. 


 Come Time - Chapter 3 - The Autumn of Civilization
 The Spring of Mankind


This is my recollection of The Revolution. Not the sexual revolution as 
such, but the real revolt of the human animals against their keepers, 
those who passed the millions of laws to protect us from ourselves and 
to enslave our souls, our spirits -- our very humanity.

I have the luxury of having discovered, in the ruins of Chicago, the 
Morgue of the Chicago Sun Times newspaper. With not much else left to do 
I have been reading through the archives of daily and Sunday editions to 
help me relive the past 35 years. 
 ....................................................................
If I don't establish some pattern for this history, even I won't be able 
to follow along. Each time I sit down to write I'm going to include 
three items:
 1. Something from the distant past that helps give background 
 to aid in understanding.
 2. Another event from the Rebellion started in 1998.
 3. A short Summary of the history related to date
----------------------------------------------------------------------


But, I promised to reveal a bit of history -- and I haven't.

During the 1980s, the populace of the good ol' U.S.A. began to see its 
government as its protectors. And the government was more than happy to 
establish any control that people would give them.

This carried over into the first half of the '90s and I want to share a 
few of my favorites. I know that for those of you who did not live 
through those times, it's hard to understand that people tolerated these 
things -- but it's true.

For most of us the insanity began when we were young. I was 18 when I 
had to deal with two Technical Virgins in the same day.

                *                  *                 *
                             TECHNICAL VIRGIN
It was a state of living purgatory. This was how we got our relief 
before the sexual revolution and how we got a lot of it after AIDS. I 
remember two Technical Virgins that I encountered after I had taken care 
of not being one. Pardon me if I'm not entirely fair to these girls; 
they were hard for me to deal with, although they taught me quite a bit.

Susan and I had been dating since high school, but not as steadies. I 
was a few years older than she was and had gone off to college and begun 
to learn a little about real physical attraction and action. Susan 
decided to go to the same college and came to town one August for 
orientation. She made sure I knew she was going to be there and that I 
should spend some time with her. I had a small problem or three at the 
time: I had a job, was trying to pop Chessie Lee's cherry and had Ethel 
spending the night at my place a couple of times a week. Years later I 
saw the movie "Three in the Attic" and realized how close it had been.

My first problem was to set up a schedule so that none of the girls ran 
into each other. I worked from 6:30 A.M. till noon, so Chessie was my 
lunch and afternoon delight. Ethel had class during the afternoon and 
worked until 11:00 PM. Sue had orientation all day and had to be in the 
dorm by 11:00. It looked like I could pull it off. 

Let me just tell you about Wednesday. It was a typical day.

As I got back to my rooming house I saw Chessie on her way to my place. 
My landlady was out for the summer and she had not let anyone else stay. 
I was suppose to be keeping an eye on the place for her. Chessie got 
there and we went inside and made a bowl of soup and ate lunch. I was 
not being very selective about looks. She was cute but kinda strange in 
appearance. Her mouth and eyes were too big and her nose was  too
small... but she did have a cute body and could suck your tongue right 
out of your mouth.

We ate, washed the dishes and headed to my room without saying anything 
worth remembering, since what we were doing was trying not to talk about 
how we were going to spend the afternoon.

As soon as we walked into the room Chessie sat on the edge of the bed. I 
sat beside her and took her in my arms and kissed her like it had been 
years, not hours, since I'd done it the last time. For two days we had 
been building a fire in her loins that only took one kiss to fan into a 
roaring blaze. She leaned back and I rearranged her so that she was 
laying in the middle of the bed and I got there beside her. We got into 
a clinch that must have looked like two people wearing one set of 
cloths. Our bodies mashed together so tightly that we pressed wrinkles 
into each other clothes. Her white cotton blouse had to go and after 15 
minutes of saying "NO" and pushing my hand away, she finally accepted 
the argument that unless she took it off the whole world would be able 
to tell what she had been up to by the wrinkles.

Her bra was too small for her and her tits leaked out all over the 
place. I couldn't take it and started kissing the parts I could get to 
and working the bra up over her tits so that I could suck those nipples. 

Chessie had nipples that stood up about half an inch when she got hot and 
right now they were nearly as hard as my cock. After half an hour of 
silent debate it was concluded that the bra was going to stay in her arm 
pits. As long as she still had it on, her virtue was saved. Does this 
give you any idea what a battle this was? 

Having established at least a territorial victory above the waist, I was 
ready to try to feel that pussy. We had been dry-fucking (humping with 
our clothes on) for quite a while so I just lifted a bit to make some 
space between us. Her pussy was steaming and giving off the sweetest 
smell, like she had been fucking for a week, nonstop. 

I slid her skirt up to her waist and she pushed it back down. I won the 
biggest battle of this major war when I pointed out that her pleats were 
getting pressed out and if she didn't take off the skirt it would never 
be the same. 

Get this picture: an 18-year-old virgin, lying on my bed with her bra 
pulled up over her tits and wearing cotton panties with a wet stain that 
looked like she had pissed herself. I got back on top of her and she 
wrapped those silky legs around me and started to rub her pussy on the 
ample lump in my pants. I could have let her keep it up  until  I
blew,like we'd done before. Not today! I let her work us both into a 
panting frenzy and then pushed her away and got beside her.

Chessie wrapped a leg around mine and began to hump it to keep the 
sensation going. I reached around and slid my hand under her panties and 
felt her smooth young ass. My hands went crazy. Gawd, her rump felt 
fine! If I reached way around I could get my fingers into the boiling 
liquid that was running out of her pussy. I started to slide my fingers 
as far along her pussy lips as I could reach this way, and she began to 
move her hips. When she did this there was space for me to put my other 
hand down the front of her panties. She was too far gone to realize that 
I had one hand on her pussy from the back and the other from the front 
and both of them were dipping into the honey that was running out of 
her. 

Chessie began to moan. I took the hand that had been down the back of her 
pants and brought it around to the front and she rolled onto her back 
and opened her legs wide. I kept working the hand in the front so that 
my fingers just kept going up and down along her swollen, sensitive 
pussy lips. With my other hand I pulled the sopping crotch of her 
panties aside and she jumped as if the hot August air felt like a winter 
gale on her steaming cunt. I switched hands so that I was now working on 
her past the panties that I had bunched to one side. She was nearly 
crazy and just closed her eyes, lifting her ass a foot off the bed, and 
kept pushing into my hand. I took a deep breath and brought my face down 
on her and took one big lick on her clit.

Chessie grabbed my head in both hands and launched her crotch right into 
my face. I began to work my tongue around and found the entrance to her 
vagina. I stuck my tongue in as far as it would go and she just kept 
humping my face. I tongue-fucked her this way for about 10 minutes 
before she began to scream like I was killing her. But I knew from the 
grip she had on my hair that if she went to Heaven, it was going to be 
alive and kicking. During the next five minutes Chessie came a dozen 
times. He pussy was so full of juice that the last few times I got a 
mouthful every time the shocks hit her. It finally reached the point 
where neither one of us could take any more and she collapsed on the 
bed. 

I had a hard on that was killing me and told her so. 

"I won't let you put it in me," was all she kept saying. 

I asked her if she had ever seen one and found out that she had not. So, 
I dropped my pants and turned toward her with my 18-inch cock twitching 
and bulging and damn near purple with rage. Big mistake. The size of it 
shocked her and she screamed, this time out of fear. Finally she stopped 
shaking enough to take it in her trembling hand. First gingerly and then 
with enthusiasm she began to squeeze and tug. Now, Chessie was  an
innocent and did not know that nice girls don't suck cocks, so when I 
suggested that she kiss it, she went for it. 

She started by planting a kiss on my raging cock head. My knees damn near 
buckled, it felt so good. I gently began to run my hands through her 
hair, all the time forcing her head toward my cock. Finally I had her 
face positioned just right and got the head of my cock between her lips 
and into her virgin mouth. "Suck it, take it in!" I moaned.

I had both hands on her head now and gently began to work my cock in and 
out of her mouth. She sucked and I only had to tell her once that her 
teeth hurt. Her mouth was filled with saliva and her lips and tongue 
were swollen and soft from the hours of kissing. He mouth felt so soft 
and smooth and wet, that in about two minutes, I knew I was going to 
cum. 

"Don't stop, honey! Remember how good it felt when you went over the 
edge. I'm about to do that. When I do I'm going to shoot into your mouth 
just like your pussy gushes when you go over the top. Don't be surprised 
at how hard it shoots -- Just swallow as fast as you can." I hissed all 
that out before the first load erupted from my cock. Nothing could have 
prepared her for the size and force of that first load. Her cheeks 
swelled, her eyes bugged and her throat worked to swallow without 
choking. She gulped down most of it but finally had to breathe and 
opened her mouth wide just in time for me to see a huge spurt fire deep 
into her throat.

She gasped a few times and stared to suck again, but I was gone and the 
feeling of her mouth was just too much to handle. I pulled away and 
began to hug her and hold her like lovers do. We dozed off and I woke up 
just in time to rush her off before it was time to meet Susan.

You get the idea. It was kinda like being a half-fucked fox in a forest 
fire -- you just keep getting hotter.

I'll tell you about Sue and Ethel another time.

Once AIDS made us afraid to exchange body fluids it got to be all 
finger-fucking and jacking off into facial tissue.

When I was young, finger-fucking was one fine art. I got to the point 
where if I could get my finger on her clit she was mine. Girls used to 
wear all kind of clothes that made it possible to get your hand in there 
and find their hot button. But, like all good things, this too ended 
when some asshole invented panty hose. I was happily living life with a 
right index finger that always smelled like pussy and all of a sudden 
some jerk reintroduced the chastity belt. But -- even worse -- it 
destroyed the quickie. No more could a pole get a quick dip. First you 
had take off the shoes, then the panty hose -- which smelled like a 
mixture of pussy perfume and old tennis shoes -- then you could get 
serious. 

The worst part was that when you were done, she had to put them back on. 
I've heard that giving birth is like trying to shit a bowling ball, but 
a woman getting into pantyhose is like putting a rubber on by starting 
with your toes. Any woman who can make moves like that while having sex 
will have a crowd following her. 

I remember reading the histories of World War I and World War II and 
wondering how folks could be so stupid and now I find myself writing the 
history of the Second American Revolution (AR II).

AR II was caused by the incredible success of capitalism. When China 
followed the USSR in abandoning Communism the world was left with only 
one almost-working economic system. Little did we know  that  the
foundations were crumbling and that the "Fall of the Empire" was upon 
us.

The cause was ten percent political, ten percent economic, and eighty 
percent Darwinian.

The WC footnote to Darwin is:
             "Once a species abrogates the selection process,
              the survival of that species is in jeopardy."

What nobody understood was that in order for a group to ascend the 
Hierarchy of Needs, all the members of the group must be on the same 
level. Members of the group called Americans (Citizens of the United 
States of America), were unlucky enough to develop the belief that they 
were outside the system. 

Some Americans began to believe that we were advanced enough as a 
civilization that we should be concerned about higher values and that 
the behavior that got us here was too uncivilized and undignified for 
such a lofty group. The unfortunate circumstance was  that  these
architects of our doom were in a position to impose their will on the 
rest of us.

I was reading the papers and magazines from 1991 and thought I'd share 
some items from the past with you. 

The United Nations imposed sanctions on China for sterilizing those who 
had hereditary mental and physical deficiencies. Chinese leaders where 
amazed that anyone would advocate pollution of the gene pool and told 
all outsiders to mind their own flucking Brizznezz. (From Chicago 
Tribune August 1990)

Several books published in Japan and not translated into other languages 
outline the "Battle Plan" for a war on the United States. Just as in 
World War II Japan elected not to declare this war to the United States 
and maintained an external appearance of normal relations. This book was 
one of several authored by Shinto Ishihara. (See Newsweek 7/15/91)

Japanese Consumers describe American Cars: "As big as two rooms, need a 
fuel station every kilometer, cost a lot of money -- and you had better 
watch your rearview mirror because you might see the fender falling off. 
(See Newsweek 7/15/91)

"..., these men should be home with their sons trying to prevent another 
generation of males from growing up just as messed up as they are." 
Stacy Nickerson, Encinitis, Calif. (See Letters to Newsweek 7/15/90)

Seems that AR II was turning from ice to cold and headed for hot all the 
way back then, although the signs were not that clear at the time.

A lot of things happened between 1990 and 1998 but the seeds were 
planted and the roots entwined long before then.  The RRU tried to 
teach new recruits about our more physical side and when I have more 
time I'll relate the details of that education.

After things got rolling in 1998 folks realized it was time to take 
sides. Those of us in the Real Reproduction Underground (RRU) knew which 
side we were on.  The RRU chose its name when the last legally 
acceptable cause for intercourse, reproduction, was replaced by 
artificial fertilization and out of body gestation.  The real goal of 
the Underground was to promote freedom for recreational sex but with 
all sex becoming passe', reproduction became and acceptable rallying 
point.

The Underground had survived the dark years of the '90s by switching 
from traceable telephone lines to pirated satellite links. But we  
continued  to communicate and to organize. By the fall of 1998 we were  
holding meetings. What had begun as a male-dominated membership began 
to have a representation of females and couples. The key to our growth  
and survival was personal recruiting. With physical reproduction having 
been banned in 1997 the population of adult virgins was now a bumper 
crop waiting for harvest. 

I remember recruiting Alice. She was typical of our new targets. Twenty one years old with no known sexual encounters, Alice was a  prime
candidate. I had seen her blonde-framed face over the counter at the 
bank on several occasions. She had responded positively when I had 
suggested that she join a small group of us for a late season cookout.

It was the third weekend in September 1991. The day was sunny and the 
sky cloudless. In addition to Alice, another prospective member, Beth, 
had been brought by Mike. We had three couples, Bill and Tania, Cris and 
Kris, and Tom and Gail. Everyone arrived over a period of about thirty 
minutes and introductions were swift and informal.

Using the Weber 44-inch super cooker with stainless steel fittings, I 
prepared a feast. These new cookers were amazing. Once the charcoal was 
in place, it was covered with the vacuum extractor to catch all the 
smoke and fumes from the coals. All vapors were transported to the 
filtration module. which removed everything from the gases, precipitated 
it and regurgitated a solid pellet for disposal.

I put 10 algae T-bones on the grill (Eating the flesh of animals had 
been outlawed since 1994 when the Society for Healthy Ingestion and the 
Teachers for Helping Endangered Animals Define Sanctions joined to push 
through what became known as the S.H.I.T.H.E.A.D.S. Law). We  had
organically grown potatoes and fresh sweet corn to round out the menu. 
Tom had a still in his garage and we spiked the punch with alcohol and 
risked the P2 laws ("Prohibition II" for those of you too young to 
remember our national stupidity at trying the failed experiment a second 
time. P2 was a convulsive overreactive solution to the driving-while-
intoxicated problem. Following the Slaughter on 55 -- named for the 
tragedy, following a Cubs-Cardinals game, when more than 100 drunken 
fans were involved in a 750-car pileup on Route 55 -- our legislative 
morons decided that we could never learn to control ourselves so they 
made it a federal offense to posses alcohol in any nontoxic form). 

We made small talk about the resurgence of the whale population and the 
rumors about bands of wild men living in the Deep Tunnel Project built 
back in the late '80s to control flooding. Pretty soon the men went out 
back and the ladies went inside as both groups were busy cleaning up the 
trash and dishes from what had been a very successful meal. The alcohol 
in the punch had us all a bit-light headed but had far more effect on 
Alice and Beth since neither one of them had ever been exposed to the 
lubricant of Bacchus.

Gail got the two recruits in a conversation by the sink while Kris and 
Tania began to talk in whispers at the table. Gail left gaps in the 
conversation so that Alice and Beth could overhear parts  of  the
performance being staged at the table.

 ..."We did it again last night...felt so good I almost fainted." "...I 
know, its so hard to keep quiet when it hits you." ..."Bill found some 
forbidden videos in..." "...Did you --?" "...He brought one." "...Do you 
think...?"

Gail watched their faces as they pieced together what  was  being
discussed. While parents were forbidden to teach their children about 
physical sexual relations, teenagers still told each other stories and 
giggled at slumber parties about our evil past. As Gail watched she 
could see first understanding and then curiosity in the expressions of 
our two virgins. Gail was the barometer and she read high pressure and 
clear sailing, so she took the lead at  widening  the  circle  of
conversation.

"Tom and I have never seen one of those," she said as she moved to a 
point halfway between the two groups. Tina and Kris walked past her 
toward Beth and Alice to bring the five of them into a circle.

Tina, looking embarrassed for effect, whispered, "On the tape they do it 
all. Bill and I only had time to try a few of the things we saw. It was 
fantastic. I'll never understand why they passed laws against it. We 
have never felt so close together. My whole body feels more alive than 
ever and I'm so relaxed I can't believe it."

Beth and Alice were acting like co-conspirators instead of the innocents 
they really were. Beth contributed, "When I was a little girl my brother 
and I used to watch our parents when they did it at night in their 
bedroom. We never were brave enough to try it but I used to go back to 
my room and perform the 'Relaxation Exercises' until I could fall 
asleep." (The fundamentalist and conservative churches had fought -- 
to no avail -- against the Relaxation Exercises, which amounted to a 
government sanction  of masturbation. While the domestication of the 
human animal had reached the point of complete elimination of sexual 
expression in human contact, the carcass evolved more slowly and 
repressed sexual tension had to be released.)

Alice's face reddened and Kris leaned close and asked what was wrong. 
"My parents used to do it with the light on and the door open. I was an 
only child and I suppose they never thought I might be watching. They 
looked like they enjoyed it so much. I used to lie in bed at night 
listening, hoping they would do it. When I heard them start I would 
sneak to their door and watch. Some nights they would do it for over an 
hour. There were times when I did my exercises while I knelt outside 
their door, watching them."

Tania seized the moment. "I'll ask Bill to play the tape as soon as we 
finish cleaning things up. You both know this type of tape is forbidden 
and you can't tell anyone you've seen it." Both girls gave excited nods 
and grinned from ear to ear. It wasn't every day that one could have 
such an adventure.

When we figured the plot had been hatched the five members of the male 
contingent made our entrance. We were making loud banter about the 
latest IRS rules, which had suspended what was left of the Bill-of-
Rights. "Now the rules clearly state that the taxpayer is presumed to 
be guilty unless he can prove beyond a shadow of doubt that his records 
and calculations are correct. One guy where I work was taken in and 
held for three days just because he had miscalculated his state tax. He 
had made a $1.75 error. They made him pay the tax and a $1000.00 
penalty." 

Tania drifted over to Bill and whispered in his ear. As she did he gave 
us the signal we had been waiting for. The girls headed for the living 
room and each of us filled two glasses. The ladies' glasses were given 
an extra shot of libation to insure that things went smoothly.

The tape was not one of the best but it was clear. The "plot" revolved 
around a company picnic. Each member told about their favorite sex bout 
and the scene was relived for all of us in living color action. The 
first couple were young and good looking and did an admirable job of 
showing oral action and some good fucking. When that scene had finished 
Bill paused the tape.

"These things were done by professionals and they are really imitations 
of what it's really like. Gail and I want to give you a live show." 
Cris, Mike, Tom and I began to clap and the girls joined in. We quickly 
pushed all the furniture to the outside of the room and spread a large 
quilt in the center of the room. I lowered the lights a bit to make it 
softer and sat on the floor in front of Alice, who was sitting in a big 
stuffed chair. 

Bill and Tania had gone into the other room and slipped into dressing 
robes, but returned before we were all settled to avoid an awkward gap 
in the activities.

We had recruited this way before and had the routine fairly well worked 
out. Tania took off her robe and laid herself on her back on the floor 
while Bill took off his robe and got beside her. The began by kissing. 
Bill kept his hands moving all over her tan body as she began to move 
around against him. He kept kissing her lips, face, neck, ears and eyes 
as his right hand mauled her hardening nipples. All of us sat still and 
quiet as his lips progressed to Tania's nipples. Tania was of medium 
build (34-26-36) with light brown hair and a nice black thatch on her 
pussy. She let her right hand trace across Bill's stomach as  she
searched for his hardening cock. We had selected Bill and Tania because 
they were the least intimidating of the group. Bill had about seven 
inches and his cock was not too fat. Neither Alice or Beth would be 
embarrassed to show their bodies, as both were better than Tania's.

Tania let out her first moan as Bill's finger found her clit and he 
nibbled on her nipple. Bill's hips were thrusting slowly as Tania's hand 
worked his cock to full erection. I felt Alice stir behind me. She was 
spreading her knees and pulling her shorts aside and beginning to do her 
Relaxation Disciplines. I kept my eyes on the action in the lighted 
center stage. Bill was beginning to work his way down Tania's body. As 
he reached her navel, she arched her back to grind his tongue into that 
shallow hole, showing him what she wanted farther down. She opened her 
legs and he moved so that her pussy was grinding into his chest as he 
continued to minister to her belly button.

I could hear Alice's breathing increase in tempo as she squirmed more. 
Finally I heard the zipper in her shorts make a discrete descent. I felt 
her lift her hips as she slid her shorts down to gain the full access 
she craved. Bill put one hand under each cheek of Tania's ass and 
extended his tongue as far as he could reach so we could all see it 
flick against Tania's hot pussy. Alice and I were sitting off to the 
side and had a great view as his tongue began to lick her hot pussy. 
When Bill's tongue first found Tania's clit she let out a moan that was 
echoed by both Alice and Beth. If I turned my head just a little I could 
see Beth working on herself and get a picture of what Alice's motions 
behind me must look like.

Cris, Tom, Mike and I were all sitting on the floor as planned. Tom 
turned to face Gail's open legs. She had quietly removed her lower 
garments and as Tom turned she slid down so that her pussy was at the 
edge of the sofa. Kris who sat beside her did the same and almost as one 
the two guys moved their mouths to the ladies treasures. Alice had just 
taken in the view and I felt her slide forward behind me. Tania was 
beginning to make little mewing sounds as Bill's tongue drive her up the 
ladder that was leading to her first orgasm. I turned toward Alice and 
without a word pushed her knees together and slid her shorts and panties 
down. She signaled condition Green-for-Go by lifting her feet so that 
her cloths came clear.

I began by kissing her knees. Using my lips and kisses, I wedged a space 
between her legs to admit my face. Slowly, I kissed the inside of one 
leg, then the other. Each trip between her legs brought me a little 
closer to her pussy. Alice involuntarily pushed toward me to hasten the 
trip, thus moving her ass right to the edge of the chair. I could tell 
by Tania's moaning that I'd better make contact with Alice's pussy soon 
or we might lose her when Bill moved to the next phase. I could feel the 
heat rolling off Alice's pussy. I'd never seen a pussy actually drip 
before without someone ministering to it. Alice's pussy was blonde and 
very lightly downed. The lips were swollen with passion and they oozed 
sweet nectar.

Without looking up at her face, I slowly let my tongue touch her cunt 
lips. Alice inhaled so hard I thought she would burst. She held that 
breath for a long time as my tongue traced up and down those sweet, 
virginal, love-soaked lips. Then I probed and as my tongue made contact 
with her clit she expelled that long held air in a prolonged hissing 
"Yeeessssssssssssss." I dared a peek at Beth and Mike. I could not see 
much of Mike, as Beth had her legs lifted with both hands buried in his 
hair holding him firm as she ground her hot box onto his mouth.

I dared now to place my hands under Alice's ass and lift her just a 
little so my tongue had complete access to her entire pussy. I began to 
lick the complete length of it with each stroke, ending with a double 
flick at her growing clit. My tongue was plowing a furrow right into the 
heart of this girl's passion. Tania could not hold back any longer as 
Bill had driven her to a frenzy. She began to scream, "Here it comes. Oh 
Gawd I'm cummmmmmminggggggg. Yes, Bill -- There! More! Faster... oh, 
yes! Ohhhh -- Yes! Aiiiiieeeeeeee!" And more of the same. 

That was too much for all the other ladies and it sounded like mating 
season for the entire feline population of the city as these pussies 
came, five at once. 

Alice lost control and grabbed my head in her hands. This was her first 
touch and it drove me wild. The urgent thrusting of her pelvis told me 
to dig into her clit with my tongue. She had a huge clit, which I drew 
into my mouth and just kept circling with my wet slippery tongue until 
the gush of boiling pussy juice against my chin told me she had reached 
as high as this was going to take her.

Before she could react with guilt, I slid her off the chair, sat beside 
her and held her tight and drew the last tremors into me. I reached up 
under her blouse and unfastened her front-clip bra and cupped her nice-
sized breasts. Her nipples were standing out so hard that I nearly 
stabbed my thumb on them. She responded to my touches with small, low 
moans. I sat so she could see the action in the center of the room.

Bill was now on his back and Tania was working her way from his face to 
his rock-hard erection. She stopped and rubbed his cock against her firm 
tits. Then she took it in her hand and gently began to kiss his entire 
cock. Alice stole a glance around the room and saw the scene being 
repeated in variations three more times. Beth was watching Tania and 
following her lead on Mark's raging ten-inch cock.

Alice turned and looked at my face for the first time in nearly an hour. 
She smiled and gently kissed me on the lips. Then she kissed my cheek 
and, finally, my ear. As she kissed my ear she whispered, "Show me how 
to give you what I just had...please!" I could never  forget  the
treatments I'd had in '95 that gave  me  my  18-inch  cock.  More
importantly, I had to remember the impact of it on a virgin, even if she 
was in her twenties. I took her hand and guided it to the lump in my 
pants. I watched the look on her face as her hand sent an image of that 
lump to her brain. First shock and then a smile crossed the window of 
her face as her hand squeezed, probed and traced the size and shape of 
my now nearly fully hard cock.

I unbuckled my belt and let her pull down the zipper as I undid the 
button. I hooked my thumbs in the waistband, lifted my hips and slid my 
pants down to my knees letting my huge hunk of meat rise into the air. 
She moved to my feet and slid my pants and jockey shorts fully away. 
Then she walked on her hands and knees between my legs until she was 
face to face with my full 18-inch shaft. She took one more look around 
the room and then took the base of my cock in her right hand. She put 
her left hand just above the right. This still left a full nine inches 
of cock for her to examine.

She looked at me, hesitating, not quite sure what to expect as she 
licked her lips in anticipation. First she brought her lips to the head 
and gently gave it a wet kiss. Then she parted her lips and slid them 
over the swollen pulsing cap of my cock. This first exploration only 
took the head of my cock into the hot cavern of her mouth and then she 
slowly withdrew. 

It was my turn to gasp. Her grip on my cock was squeezing me and my cock 
was swollen until the skin felt like it was going to burst. And then 
those soft, moist, silken lips slid over the head and down the shaft. My 
cock twitched as she took about six inches on this second stroke. This 
time she drew her head clear and looked at me with a soft smile. The 
look on my face told her all she needed to know and her smile widened. 
She wiped it away with the head of my cock and began to work her head up 
and down trying to see how much she could get into her mouth before she 
gagged. All around us women were gulping down cocks but I have no idea 
what was happening because I could not take my eyes from the face of 
this lovely girl whose head bobbed over my crotch.

I did not want to cum yet, but I had to give her all she wanted. She 
began to involve her tongue in the action and both her hands began to 
follow her head. He mouth was filled with saliva and it leaked out, 
lubricating her hands and now her mouth and both hands slid up and down 
my cock as one unit. The feeling was like the greatest pussy on earth 
sucking me in and then forcing me back out. I had to stop her. I had to 
get back into control.

I took Alice's head between my hands and lifted her mouth from my cock. 
I rose to a near-sitting position and brought her face to mine. I kissed 
her with an open mouth, burying my tongue deep in her. I explored the 
inside of that haven and rubbed the tip of my tongue against the roof of 
her mouth until she giggled. The I pulled her toward me, crushing her 
breasts to my chest and whispered into her ear, "That was beautiful, now 
it's my turn again."

Gently, I laid her on her back, pulling the cushion from the chair and 
placing it under her head. I spread her legs and got on my knees between 
them. I reached down and took my cock in my hand and began to rub her 
pussy with the head. I made no move to apply pressure. I did not want 
her to tighten in fear. I kept gently parting her swollen pussy lips 
with the head of my cock. I made sure that each upward stroke touched 
her clit. I leaned toward her just enough that my cock head slipped into 
the well that indicated the entrance to that untouched tunnel. Alice 
began to match my tempo, pushing toward me as my glans moved into the 
her vaginal entrance. My cock head was soaked with the sweet flow of her 
pussy. I leaned forward and took her right hand and guided it to my 
shaft. She wrapped her fingers around it and began to rub herself as I 
had been stroking her hot slit.

Alice had obviously expanded far beyond the instructions contained in 
the Manual for Relaxation Exercises. The manual details methods for the 
relief of the physical tensions caused by the physical sexual need. The 
manual is very clear that no objects other than the hands are to be 
used. Further, the manual states that a woman is not permitted to 
actually penetrate the vaginal opening at any time.

Alice began trying to push her hot vagina up onto my throbbing cock 
head. I supported myself on my hands and knees above her and let her 
take control of all the action. Alice would rub my cock head on her 
erect clit and then slide it down between her pussy lips to her begging 
entrance. When she had my cock positioned at the entrance to her moist 
hole she would buck her hips toward me and take the head of my cock 
inside her tight opening. Each time she made this trip she would pull me 
a bit farther inside. It was time for me to take firm but gentle control 
of our motions.

On her next thrust upward, I lowered my hips just enough that when she 
lowered her ass to the carpet, my cock did not pull clear of her pussy. 
I took her hand and moved it so that her fuck finger was right on her 
clit. She signaled her acceptance of this change by starting a circular 
motion of her finger on her clit. I began a slow but firm thrusting with 
my hips. I kept the motions slow and gentle. With just my cock head in 
her I rotated my hips to increase the size of her opening and to assure 
full lubrication. Then I would slide my cock into her with a slow 
forward thrust until I had increased my penetration a small amount from 
the previous invasion. Four, five, six, seven, eight inches of my 
pulsing dick were being engulfed by her thrashing body. 

I lowered my body onto hers. I slid one arm under each of hers and 
forced her arms around me. I held her head in my hands and began to kiss 
her lips, cheeks, nose and eyes. All the while I kept up the constant 
and demanding probing of her pussy. Finally, at about ten inches of 
penetration, I met solid resistance. This was all she could take for now 
without losing the wonderful gains made. I let my body rest on hers, 
letting her feel the weight of the man to whom she had given  her
virginity. I began to slowly fuck in and out of her pussy. With each 
stroke, I rotated my hips. Alice responded by grinding her ass in a 
circular motion and matching my thrusts with her own. 

"It feels so good .... to have a man inside me! ....When my fingers 
were all ... they were enough. ..... Never again ....  Relaxation 
Exercises ....  only hint .... REAL THING!!!," Alice gasped into my 
face as wave after wave of pre-orgasmic convulsions took control of 
her. 

She was beginning to lose control. Her movements were less rhythmic and 
more spastic. She tightened her arms around my shoulders, arched her 
back, lifted her legs high into the air and accepted as much of my 
nearly exploding cock into her as she could. Her surrender was complete. 
Alice was consumed by the desire to reach higher and higher on the 
Orgasmic Scale. She wanted to feel the pain of my thrusting too deep. 

I began now to try to bring her to her ultimate climax. I withdrew 
slowly until only the head of my cock remained captive in that scalding 
hole. Then I would thrust rapidly forward until the limits of her cavity 
stopped me. I drove forward as fast as I could and gradually increased 
the pace of my withdrawals. Her vagina began to give off that special 
odor that signaled the release of the last reserves of lubricating and 
stimulating fluid. Her pussy was sloppy wet and my cock was making 
sucking sounds as it pummeled her virginal hole.

Alice's feet were pointed at the sky like some toppled ballet dancer and 
her back was curled to raise her pussy as high as possible. In the 
background I could hear the sounds of four sets of matching orgasms from 
the others in the room. I determined to take her as high as she could 
go. With each stoke forward I began to pause, forcing her body to accept 
and adjust to the savage manhood that was filling it. With my cock 
straining against her vaginal walls, I would grind my hips to make sure 
that every nerve felt the pressure of the contact. Out, in again, rotate 
and repeat. Alice was holding her breath for thirty seconds at a time, 
straining to accommodate the rapture that was overtaking her. She began 
to scream and buck against me. She had completely surrendered to the 
fire spreading from her center. Each thrust was matched with another cry 
of passion and another flood of her juices. 

I gave her no respite as I kept her impaled on my staff. She crested and 
began to ebb a bit when my first wave of climax hit. I drove into her 
and stretched her until I had a foot of enraged cock pinning her there. 
I let her feel the surge as my load exploded along the length of my 
cock. When the first hot consignment exited and she felt the heat of it 
she went rigid. All of her muscles locked. And then the second load was 
expelled from my convulsing cock to add to the fire from the first. 
Alice began a scream that continued on and on as my cock erupted time 
and time again inside the confining softness of her. 

She stopped screaming and began gasping for breath. I wrapped my arms 
around her and held her close, slowly rocking her. Her small body 
burrowed into mine as she sought shelter from the crescendo of emotions 
sweeping over her. I looked at her face and she was smiling as tears 
leaked from her eyes. I gently kissed the tears away and murmured 
reassuring words as she slowly returned to rational thought. I stole a 
glance at the others. They were all watching us so I shielded Alice from 
awareness of their gaze. Gently I withdrew from inside her. As my cock 
made its exit her body gave a shudder of regret. I gently helped her to 
her feet and led her toward the shower.

Inside the shower, we did not speak until I had washed her back and 
massaged her legs. As I rose from the second leg she reached for me and 
pulled me to her. Alice held me for a moment as though that embrace was 
her last anchor to sanity. When she pulled away she was crying -- with 
an angelic smile on her face. "Thank you, thank you so much for showing 
me what my body could give to me. I'm yours for as long and as often as 
you will have me. I have too many questions and not enough answers."

I smiled and kissed away her tears. As I turned off the water I said 
softly, "You are the most passionate woman I have ever encountered. It 
would be my honor to teach you the ways of the past and of the future."

There was much to explain to Alice and I will share those lessons with 
you later.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 
References to Newsweek magazine are real and only slightly embellished. 
If you think I overdid it, look up the references and you will see that 
I was, in fact, kind.
********************************************************************* 


See you in Chapter 4 - Alice's Wonderland

MASTER TIME-LINE:

1955-1957 First Cum: Dar and I become TECHNICAL VIRGINS Chapter 2.

1962-SUMMER: CHESSIE AND I MAKE EACH OTHER "?" Chapter 3.

1970s: FINGER FUCKING - THE LOST ART Chapter 3.

1990: JAPAN, THE WOMAN'S WAY, SWIMMING IN THE GENE POOL Chapter 3.

1998-SPRING: SHOT HEARD AROUND THE UNIVERSE Chapter 1.

1998-SUMMER: PARTY AT MILLY'S MANSION Chapter 2.

1998-AUTUMN: I FIND ALICE Chapter 3.



