WARNING! The following work of fiction contains Sexually Explicit 
material which can not under current laws be shared by anyone under the 
age of 18 in the United States. If material depicting Sexual acts 
offends you, do not continue to read this work. 
  Do not remove this warning from any copy of this work, physical
or electronic. The author has inserted this warning for his and your 
protection. 
------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 Come Time - Chapter 2 - The Second Coming (and a third...) 
 ................................................................... 
	This is my recollection of The Revolution. Not the sexual
revolution, as such, but the real revolt of the human animals against 
their keepers, those who passed the millions of laws to protect us from 
ourselves and to enslave our soul, our spirit -- our very humanity. 
	I have the luxury of having discovered, in the ruins of Chicago, 
the morgue of the "Chicago Sun Times" newspaper. With not much else left 
to do I have been reading through the archives of daily and Sunday 
editions to help me relive the past 35 years
 ..................................................................... 
	If I don't establish some pattern for this history even I won't
be able to follow along. Each time I sit down to write I'm going to 
include three items: 1. Something from the distant past that helps give 
background to aid in understanding. 2. Another event from the Rebellion 
that started in 1998. 3. A short Summary of the history related to date 
---------------------------------------------------------------------- 
	On this morning, I was scanning the news from the summer of '89. 
Damn papers were filled with the debate between the French and the 
Americans over who found the AIDS virus first. Shame that not many folks 
study history or write authentic novels these days. That is the bequest 
of history to me. To transcribe the facts from the evidence presented in 
the few remaining archives, to establish conclusions based on these 
artifacts, and to interpret these conclusions based on the expertise 
gained by having survived the period under discussion. And, last, to try 
to pass along what really happened -- not just dates and uninspiring 
facts, but the pure emotional experience. 
	The 1980s BA (Before AIDS) were really great. Like  all
Revolutions, the Sexual Revolution had run its course and been replaced 
with a stratified menu of life styles. Most of us operated on more than 
one level. My behavior was like that of a submarine in the sea of 
humanity. I submerged and explored the layers through my periscope, 
occasionally venturing to actually raise my pole in the waters. A 
sociologist might present a detailed logically organized discussion of 
the flavors but I would much rather call 'em like I saw 'em and here's 
one: 

	VIRGIN and the pressure builds! 

	We all start this way. Then, one day, I didn't want to be one
any more. That was a real problem. I was about 12 (going on 50). My dad 
had this set of black and white porno playing cards that were so raunchy 
that I got a hard on just thinking about sneaking a look at them. My 
folks gave me the same sex education that the dog got, which was to get 
hit with the garden hose if I looked like I was even thinking about it. 
	One day my dad was working and my mother was gone and I spent
about an hour looking at those cards and thinking about playing "POKE 
HER." That night I lay in bed, making a tent by stroking my pole, when 
all of a sudden this thick white junk stared to come out the end of it. 
I thought sure something was wrong: The damn stuff looked like puss! I 
was awake half the night worrying if I would survive. I'd gone and broke 
the damn thing before I got to use it. I hit the library and did some 
intense reading and got one hell of an education in a hurry. My best 
education came when I read "Knock On Any Door." There was just enough 
between the lines in that one for me to figure out that everything was 
okay and I had a lot to look forward to. This habit of learning from 
books continued for many years and really worked great. There were books 
on positions, on the female orgasm, anatomy, sexual stimulation,
perversion and every other avenue I wanted to explore. 
	By the time I was 14 I figured I was ready (and my dick was more 
than ready). My cousin (about 57 times removed) was a cute scrawny kid 
of about 12 who just thought I was GOD incarnate. Well, I kept taking 
her for walks in the woods as her emotions and body began to pump the 
same hormones into her that my balls were pumping into me. 
	One day, about 3 miles from home in the woods, we sat down to
rest for a while. I put my arm around her and she sat stiff as a tree at 
first. Gradually she relaxed and leaned against me. Now, I've got to 
describe Dar a bit. She was really a skinny kid and only about four-and-
a-half-feet tall. She had black hair down to her waist and no hips. 
	She turned toward me to say something and I kissed her. She
started to pull away and then wrapped her arms around my neck so tight 
the bones in her thin arms felt like they were gonna cut my head off. My 
springbuck cock damn near ripped the buttons off my fly as it cracked to 
attention so fast you could hear it. We sucked each others' lips and 
tried to give each other a tonsil check for over an hour. Dar was from 
an old fashion family and always wore dresses or skirts and blouses. I 
worked her onto her back and spent as much of my energy as possible 
trying to make sure she could feel the lump from my hard cock against 
her hot spot. When we finally stopped and I got off her I could see the 
moisture on her white cotton panties. We had to get home but we promised 
to "walk" again tomorrow. 
	Both my mother and father worked so I was home alone the next
morning at ten when Dar knocked at the door. I let her in and her face 
was flushed and she was all giggly. I told her I needed to eat breakfast 
and she sat at the kitchen table and watched me eat a bowl of cereal. I 
went into my room and grabbed a blanket and we took off out the back 
door and quick-stepped up the hill behind the house toward the woods. It 
took just minutes to get to yesterday's passion pit, although it seemed 
to both of us like we would never get there. Neither us said a word; 
there was no need. As soon as I had the blanket down she sat on it, laid 
back and opened her arms. My cock jumped to full hard and started 
flexing inside my pants. I let myself down beside her and we started 
right where we had left off yesterday. 
	I wanted to see a female body in living color, so I began to
unbutton her white blouse as fast as I could with one hand while my lips 
were trying to suck her buck teeth out of her mouth. Her young tits had 
just started to emerge. Her nipples were rock-hard and the slight mounds 
on her chest barely hid her ribs. I pulled away from her lips and began 
to suckle those tiny tits and Dar began to twitch and moan. I kept 
asking and she kept telling me she was all right. I went back to kissing 
her and let my hand go for her crotch. I'd never felt anything so soft. 
She had white cotton panties and my hand slid under them and just felt 
around that black fuzz on her mound. I finally discovered the wet spot 
farther down and kept rubbing it and she kept squeezing me tighter and 
tighter. 
	I knew that if I did not get my cock out of my pants it was
going to suffer permanent damage. I stood on my knees between her 
toothpick legs and opened my pants and slid down my Jockey shorts. My 
cock jumped out like a jack-in-a-box and pointed right at her face. Her 
brown eyes got so big that I thought she was about to scream. I laid 
down on top of her and began kissing her and she wrapped her arms around 
my neck and hung on for her life as I ground my ten-inch cock against 
her hot dripping panties. I finally had to get her panties off and she 
kinda helped by lifting her legs a bit, but she was scared of that huge 
thing I had sticking out of my hairy crotch. 
	I pushed her back down and got into position again and began to
rub my enormous, hot, hard cockmeat against her. Pretty soon she was 
grinding her pubic bone into me and bouncing her tiny ass up and down to 
rub her pussy against the shaft of my cock. I just had to come pretty 
soon. My balls were hurting like I'd been kicked. I raised up and took 
my cock in my hand and began to rub the head of it in that hot juice 
between her legs. Every time I hit her clit she jerked like she had 
stuck her finger in a light socket. 
	Faster and faster I kept rubbing it up and down and my hand was
pumping up and down the shaft every time I stroked her.
BIIIINNNNNNNGGGGGGGOOOOOOOOOOO!! There were five of the fastest squirts 
of cum you ever saw. Must have been a full cup of it spraying all over 
her pink pussy flesh and she jerked and twitched like it was boiling as 
she came right along with me. We were both too embarrassed and shocked 
to speak and started to put our clothes back in place when she said, 
"Shame on you, you could have held it." She thought I'd pissed on her 
she was so wet. She wiped with my handkerchief and we walked home just 
as silently as before. Thus we became technical virgins. We knew the 
joys of orgasm with the stimulation of a partner but we had not actually 
had intercourse. 
	There isn't much more to the story of Dar. She moved away the
next week and I didn't see her until she was 30 and married, divorced 
and married again. I was at a wedding when this stunning woman in a 
black dress walked up to me and gave me a bear hug. Just as I realized 
who it was, she whispered in my ear, "I'm still trying to find a man who 
can make we twitch like you did that morning." I spent two days there 
waiting for the swelling in my head to go down enough I could get 
through the door. 
	I'm not sure why but thinking about Dar reminds me of the
meeting at Milly's Mansion in the summer of 1998. I had become famous 
and a wanted man by church and government for having cause the ruckus 
that spring. This elevated my status in the Underground. (I'll tell you 
about the Underground some other time.) Milly was the leader of one of 
the all-female cells in the Underground and she invited me to a meeting 
at her place. 
	I'd heard stories about their meetings, so the invitation was
accepted almost before it was out of her mouth. Besides Milly and I had 
a special kind of relationship. 
	I drove over to Lake Michigan, turned North and finally came to
the turn to her place. Once I got past the guard, a woman who could have 
played in the NFL, I parked beside a Rolls and headed inside. The gal at 
the door damn near tore my arm off until Milly saved me from being 
ground up for dog food. 
	"Men are not permitted to attend our meetings. You are going to
have to observe from the closet." Milly explained as she led me down a 
dark hall way and opened a door into a room about four feet square with 
a two way mirror facing into what looked like a concert hall filled with 
love seats instead of chairs. "Enjoy, and don't get caught," she
whispered as she quickly closed the door. 
	I found a comfortable chair and got settled just in time to see
Milly take her place at a microphone in front of about 50 of the most 
beautiful women ever assembled in one place. I'm going to relate as much 
as I can remember from this mind blowing evening. 
	Milly stood by the microphone until she was noticed and seats
were taken. 
	"The situation is no longer stable. This morning another of the
clone labs was penetrated and Y chromosome introduced into an entire 
batch of unfertilized eggs. Men are becoming more militant and not 
observing the sexless reproduction laws. Gangs of men have been reported 
kidnaping virgins from the compounds, taking them into hiding, using 
intercourse for impregnation, and allowing human childbirth. If this 
were an isolated incident, there would not be cause for alarm. We have 
always had to deal with a few renegade naturalist factions. But, this is 
the third attack this month. Clearly, the Real Reproduction group is 
gaining strength. Unless we can eradicate this menace we will see a 
return of human reproduction to the Dark Ages." 
	I'd never seen this side of Milly. We had been members of the
Real Reproduction underground together for many years. I had always 
wondered how she was able to know exactly what the other side was doing. 
Now I knew. She was a Clean Party leader. 
	"Does anyone have any information that will help identify who is 
responsible for these crimes?" 
	A stunning redhead rose and walked to the microphone. 
	"We all know the cause. That renegade WC has been getting a lot
of attention since Breeds Hill. There were people in that crowd from all 
over the world. Before it was over, nearly everyone there had copulated 
at least once. Now they are all spreading stories about how wonderful it 
is and telling others to try it. All of our efforts to bring
civilization to a new high are in jeopardy. We have nearly eliminated 
this wretched fornication and the associated wasted human energy it 
represents. 
	"I've been doing research on this threat. He has been sexually
active in one form or another since he was 12 years old. He is known to 
have had virgins and participated in orgies. For the past eight years he 
has been using a computer bulletin board network to promote free
participation in sexual activities. We have captured and interrogated 
one of his confederates. I would like to read what he says about this 
WC." 
	"'WC gives us all access to pictures and stories of real human
sexual experiences. Hundreds of us meet electronically every day to 
trade our experiences, engage in CompuSex, and to exchange mail with 
others who share our interests.' 
	"We have been trying to trace this renegade but his followers
are amazingly loyal." 
	With that she returned to her seat. Milly returned to the
microphone. 
	"There are always have been rumors about these networks, but
none have been confirmed by our investigators. We all know that what 
happened at Breeds Hill was a blow to our cause. Has anyone been able to 
find out more about this WC?" 
	No one spoke or moved. 
	"We will meet here in one week. I want everyone of you to
question your acquaintances to see what we can learn about the leader of 
this Rebellion." 
	With that Milly left the room and the others slowly filed out. I 
waited, knowing she would not come for me until it was safe. 
	How had my one foray into the open this spring had such an
impact? Had I underestimated the pent-up urges in the loins of the 
people? Was it really time to take the cloak of civilization from human 
sexuality? Maybe people were ready to grow up and realize that all their 
attitudes about sex had been implanted by those who wanted to control 
them. Only time would tell, but I was definitely having to step up the 
program. 
	Milly and I had been lovers for some years now but this was my
first visit to her Mansion. I was beginning to get bored when the door 
opened and she slid in. We embraced for a long while. 
	"So far, so good. These are the cream of the Clean Party. If
they have no clues to your identity, then you are safe for now." 
	"Milly, it has been too long since you have been under my thumb. 
I want to purge you of those people and return you to me. Take me to the 
room I know is here somewhere. It is time to pay homage to your Master." 
	"I had this room built just for you. It is very difficult to
find tradesmen you can trust to do the construction I had in mind." 
	With those words she pressed a latch and a door opened to a set
of stairs going up toward the attic. I followed her flowing blonde mane 
and tiny hips as she lead the way. When we reached the top, she tapped a 
code on an electronic lock. After nearly 20 digits, I heard the
electronic latch click and she pushed in. 
	She stepped aside and I entered. The lights came on and Milly
knelt and averted her eyes as a good slave should. I left her there and 
began to explore the shrine she had constructed for her master. It was a 
perfect playroom for a space just twelve by twelve. One wall was had 
rings mounted on the wall every two feet from floor to ceiling. Another 
wall was padded and had four chain hoists suspended about a foot from 
the wall. The left side of the room had a padded table about four-by-
eight feet and exactly 36 inches high. The table had trays just under 
the top filled with lengths of leather cord. 
	The right side of the room had a metal stool with a saddle seat. 
Extending from the seat were five adjustable arms each terminated by an 
adjustable metal and leather clamp. 
	"My slave has done well. Have these been tested?" 
	She shook her head no, knowing the punishment for an incomplete
task. 
	"Then you shall be the tool of my testing." With that, I walked
to her, grabbed her arm and dragged her across the floor to the padded 
wall. I pressed the down button for one of the hoists until it had 
lowered the leather cuffs to the level of my face. First one then the 
other was tightly close about her wrists. By pressing the up button it 
was possible to stretch Milly until just her toes touched the floor. 
	I spun her to face me and put my hand down the neck of her dress 
and ripped it away from her body leaving her hanging there in bra and 
lace panties. I walked to the table and found the knife I knew would be 
there. I cut the bra in the center. Using my knee to force her legs 
apart, I slid the cool steel between her legs and slit her panties 
across the crotch. With a slow, thoughtful walk I returned the knife to 
its proper place. As I turned, I saw her watching me; such impertinence 
would be punished. In the corner I found the tool for her discipline, a 
wooden handle with five strands of silk rope, each knotted about two 
inches from the end and frayed. 
	The handle was sanded smooth and waxed. I tested the whip by
flicking the frayed end across her buttocks. It was nicely balanced and 
the ten inch handle would have many uses. I took off my shirt and shoes 
and began my work. First bringing the lash downward to create light red 
streaks along her spine and then across to create a pattern of red and 
white squares. Then I moved to the front, wrapping all but one strand of 
the lash around my hand. It took several trials, but finally I had the 
range. With each strike the frayed end of the lash hit her nipple with a 
hundred threads. I was rewarded by a soft whimper and the sight of the 
nipple swelling into erection. I favored each swelling breast with ten 
strokes and then brought the lash upward so that the knot barely touched 
her pubic hair. She could not keep her legs together and thrust her 
mound toward me. 
	My practiced hand brought the lash up and the dancing threads
stroked her exposed clit with each strike. Milly began to time the 
strokes and would push her pussy forward trying to open it so those soft 
silk threads could caress the lips and clit with each swing of the lash. 
	"Are you ready to serve, slave?" She nodded her response,
keeping her face toward the floor. The DOWN button let me release her 
hands and I took her to the stool. Milly cowered at how I might use this 
strange looking device that had been built to my specifications. 
	I grabbed her by the hair and forced her forward with the seat
pressing against her abdomen. I walked around and adjusted one of the 
arms until the leather was positioned at her throat. I used the strap to 
secure he neck. Next I fastened each arm over her head and slightly off 
to the side. Last, I spread her legs wide and strapped them down at the 
knees but left them free to bend. 
	She was completely helpless, her ass held high by the seat, legs 
down and out of the way and her head held in position between her 
outstretched arms. I stood beside the foot peddle jack that raised and 
lowered the seat and turned her so that her face was in reach. With her 
watching with wide eyes I removed my pants, letting my erection free. I 
took my cock in my hands and slowly moved toward her. I grabbed her hair 
and pulled her head so that her face was toward me. One press of the 
foot peddle put her mouth directly in front of my cock. I took my hand 
and fed the head into her mouth. I held two inches of my 18-inch cock 
between her lips, letting her look at the length yet to attack her. I 
reached over her and brought the lash down hard on her back. "Use your 
tongue, slave, serve your Master." 
	She was eager to do just that and began to minister to my cock
head. In this position I had unimpeded access to her throat without 
having to put a bend in my cock. As her tongue tried to caress my shaft 
I began to rock back and forth, fucking her helpless face with my rock 
hard meat. With each stroke I went a bit deeper into her. My first 
penetration into her throat met with resistance. I drew back, giving her 
time to breathe, and then thrust past the block and into her throat. I 
would keep my cock blocking her airway until she began to panic and then 
withdraw to let her gasp for air. Finally the rhythm was established and 
I fucked in and out of her maw using nearly a foot of my huge dick. 
	She was not to get off that easy though. I withdrew before I
exploded into her mouth and rotated her until I was presented with her 
tiny ass. How a woman with such big tits could have an ass that tiny 
amazed me. Her cunt was reeking with the scent of woman in heat as I 
spread her pussy lips and shoved nearly half my cock in with one thrust. 
Her gasp told me that my first surprise was successful. I began to pump 
her pussy with all the anger I felt for the mess that had become
civilization. Each thrust skewered her deeper. She would take all of it, 
every inch. At about 12 inches she began to cry out with each thrust, 
but the slopping sound told me there was no real harm being done. The 
strokes were long, slowly withdrawn and fired forward as though
punctuating my passions. First 13 then 14 and finally 16 inches of rock-
hard, raging cock were ripping her apart. Finally I was rewarded with 
the slap of her cheeks against my body and I held deep inside her and 
flexed my cock. I could barely hear her moans as her pussy walls
clutched as I twitched my dick. With one hard shove I ended it by 
pulling clear of her so fast that her pussy kept twitching as it slowly 
closed. 
	I replaced my cock with the whip handle. I pushed it in until
only the lashes extending from her pussy gave a clue to its presence. 
Now for her final domination I spread those small cheeks and exposed her 
tiny anus. Milly had never surrendered this forbidden hole to me, but 
that was about to change. I rubbed two of my fingers in the juice of her 
pussy and in spite of her pleas, shoved them all the way into her ass 
with one swift thrust. She nearly broke loose from the bonds, she 
twisted so hard at this rude invasion of her bowel. I let the thrashing 
subside before I began sawing my hand in and out. I could feel the whip 
handle and began to push it against her cervix with my finger inside her 
ass. In spite of herself she began to respond. I could feel her ass 
lifting to receive my forward thrust hand with each stroke. She was 
ready. 
	I pulled my fingers slowly all the way out and replaced them
with the head of my straining cock. It took all my strength to push my 
cockhead past her resisting sphincter muscles, but with a popping sound 
I won. I was crazy with lust and began to feed my bulging throbbing cock 
into her ass. When I had about half of it into her I began to fuck it in 
and out. First very slowly, but as she began to relax and respond I 
picked up the pace. To keep from killing her I wrapped both hands around 
my cock to limit the depth of my thrusts. I kept increasing the pace 
until I knew I had reached my limit. With shaking legs and quivering 
breath I withdrew my cock and the whip at the same time. I looked down 
and watched her body convulse with one last orgasm caused by that 
withdrawal. 
	I approached her flushed face and released her hands. My slave
knew her duty. She wrapped both hands around my cock and fed it into the 
entry end of her digestive system. She jammed her head onto it with an 
urgency that neared mine. The slave needed my fulfillment as much as I 
did. Faster and faster she pulled my cock into her. Overcoming all 
natural instincts, pushed it farther, deeper and faster until my cum 
erupted in great bubbling spasms into her hungry serving mouth. My last 
thrusts filled her mouth but she dutifully swallowed every drop and 
pumped me dry. 
	I released the last of her bonds. She got the soap and water and 
dutifully washed both of us clean. In a plain white cotton robe she 
helped me close the room. As a last act of total submission she told me 
how to change the room access key to one I alone could use. 
	We kissed and I left without an escort. 
