    "I Dream of Cuntie"


"I know Zilley!", the major said into the phone.

"I don't know what I'll do without her.. .   She just left me. 
 Just up and left me.. . .  Yes.  . . . Right. . ."  The major
 felt someone watching him and began to speak in lower tones.

"Major Cocker!  Get in here."

"Hmm.  The Doc wants me Zilley.  We'll talk later. . . Right."
He hung up the phone and rubbed the back of his head before
looking out the doorway and stammering,

"Umm. Yes Sir.  Right Away sir. . . old cow."

"I heard that Major!"

"Comming sir.. .  "

Major Cockey rose to his full six foot two inch stature and
tried to smooth the ripples which had formed over his athltic
chest.  The blue air force uniform looked three or four sizes
too small for his bulky form.   He chuckled under his breath
as he left his tiny office and crossed over the hall into
Major Flaccid's study.    Flaccid was a military doctor and
quite a bit older than the bright young Cockey.

"Now Major Cockey. . . your team is training over for the
 next week in splash-down survival techniques.  You did
 remember not to tell anyone about this right?"

The Major fiddled with his cap and shifted his weight uneasily.

"Well, I did tell Major Zilley . . . but he's almost in the program
 himself so-"

Flaccid cut him off with a flick of the wrist.  He stood and poured
himself a small white cup of coffee before sitting again and
picking up a pencil.

Major Cockey looked about uneasily.

"I'm not going to put this in your report Major Cockey. . .
 Not this time.  Just stay out of trouble. . please?
 The ruskies may be watching and who knows what they
 might do."

Major Cockey laughed uneasily and tried to make a joke,

"Well I suppose I could swallow a poison pill if they capture me."

Major Flaccid looked at him evenly and said, "Thats a very good idea.
Better take twice the normal dosage.  You are a big one."

"Ah. Well thank-you Sir.  I'd better get going.  Training and all."

In that odd way Major Flaccid had he began to drift out of reality
and after a minute flicked his wrist.   "Sure.  See you after
training."


                    - - -

Major Cockey rode in a cold helicopter for several hours with
a few other young astronauts.  They were all in training and
could hardly complain that they were cold, hungry, and tired.
At least considering that the actual training mission hadn't even
started yet.  

The drill commander, wearing an enormous pilot helmet and
bug-eye sun glasses gave directions with his hands over
the whine of the chopper engines as they approached a
group of south pacific islands.   It was still night out
but the moon cast an adequate light with the reflection 
from the frigid waters below.

When everyone was holding at least part of a headphone the
commander spoke.

"Ok men.  None of you have been privy to information related
to our destination.  We are somewhere near the Solomon Islands.
That is all you need know.  Each of you will be dropped hard
without parachute from a height of 35 feet onto the beaches of
seaperate islands.   We will pick you up sometime between
five days from now and twelve days from now."

With that he opened the helicopter cargo door and started
pulling one of the men towards the opening.

The poor guy started mumbling something about darkness and
height.  Just when the commander had him calmed down one
of the other astronauts shoved him out and onto the beach
below.   Nobody else hesitated after that.

Major Cockey was let out last of all.  He had not braced
his legs as he jumped fearing that would encourage
a fracture.  He had planned on rolling when he hit the ground,
but the sharp pain in his side completely knocked the wind out
of him.

 As the sun began to rise far to the east and the helicopter
moved out of sight he felt under himself at the ground.
The sand was moist and soft.  Not at all what it felt like
when he had fallen onto it from so high up.

 He stopped trying to figure out what had given his side so
much pain and looked at his gear.  He had an inflatable
life preserver, one match, a knife, a compass -- and
thats what really pissed him off.  Why did he have a compass
and no map?   He didn't plan on exploring the island.  It
would be far safer and easier simply to go spear fishing
or crab catching.

 After about an hour he started to get up when he felt the
pain in his side go away a bit.  "Hello.", he said as
he noticed there was a glass bottle right under where he
had fallen.

He picked it up and started to heave it into the sea with
all his might while chanting, "I got the right one baby!?
Well Uh Huh this. . ."

Just as he threw with all his might something odd happened.
The bottle didn't go flying off into the sea.  He was carried
forwards by his own throw a few feet almost landing on his feet.
The bottle was stuck to his hand as if by super glue.

He looked at it.  Just what the hell was going on, he wondered.
Perhaps heating it up would help.  He rubbed the bottle lightly
on the side.  Was that a giggling sound he heard?  Sounded
like a girl giggling.  No.  Surely not.

He rubbed some more but stopped as soon as he heard the sound
of wind blowing from the bottle.   A plume of pink gas filled
his vision for an instant then he was on his knees before the
best looking asian woman he had ever seen.

She was naked except for some flimsy sheer material that
formed a light robe.  Her skin was a perfect golden tan
that cried out for loving.  She had strong atheletic calves,
thick but perfectly placed proportions that made the Major
sweat.   Her tits were sizable and didn't seem to be quite
made for her tiny waist and small height.  She was only
about five foot three -- at best.   Her hair was long and
naturally full.  Hazel eyes, sweet juicy, tiny full lips.  
A goddess.

Oh my God, he thought realizing.  A genie.  I own another genie!
What a wicked stroke of good luck. . . .  His hands went 
towards her breast.

"Stop.", she said in a stern voice that gave him a startle.

"Oh. You probably want to know my name.", the major said.

"Well I'm Major Cockey and you're my Genie and we're gonna get it ohhhhnnnn!"

He lunged at her trying to take her in his arms but ended up on
his face with a mouth full of sand.  She had blinked herself
a few yards away.

"I'm no bimbo Major."

The Major blinked.

"No.  Of course you're not my sweet. . .  I had another Genie once,
 you know.  She was blonde.  Slight build.  . ."

"Oh. Her.", the genie said.

"You know her?", the major asked feeling his cock pressing painfully
against a leg of his pants.

"Yes.  But enough of her.  If you wish to keep me you must agree
 to certain conditions."

He nodded.  What else could he do?

 "First, you will do my bidding.  I am your master and you my slave."

The major started, "But. . ." then thought better of it.  Perhaps
there were all sorts of genies and this one wanted to call the
shots.  With a body like hers he wouldn't mind.  

"I was once a mere mortal like you, myself Major Cockey."

Of course, he thought.  So was the old Genie.

"But I was a prude, frigid little girl.  Pompus and selfish.
 I actually told people they had no right to treat asian
 girls as sex objects. ",  she paused to laugh as she started
 playing with her nipples.

 The major edged a little closer in her direction.

 "But that doesn't mean-", she started quickly moving away from him.

 "Did you really.  I can't imagine you being frigid. . ."

The Major's sentence trailed off into silence as he unzipped his
pants and pulled the life gear over his head.

 "Now I see why they call you Cockey, Major."

She giggled in a tone that made his thick prick dance with anticipation.

He was close enough to touch her now, but the look in her eyes told
him not too.  She took the life gear from his hand and pulled it
about her neck, wearing it like a fur coat.  It completely
covered her nipples.   But the sight of it there just turned him on
more.

He sunk to his knees before her as she continued to make small talk.

"It is not all fun being a Genie.  We get stuck in bottles for
years and years.  A few centuries without sex and I guess anyone
will give in-"  she hesitated as she felt his rough giant hands
on her delicate ankles.

"I was a good girl once.  Really. . ."

His nose was just inches from her mound.  He could smell her,
and see that she was getting wet.  Very wet.

He brought his hands upwards slowly, savoring the feel of every
inch along the back of her legs, knees, thighs, incredibly
round ass. . .

"You don't think of me as just a sex object do you Major?"

The dazed way she had said it urged him onward.

"No.  Of course not baby."

He kneaded the two cheeks overflowing into his hand as he
lapped at her labium and already wet slit.  Her legs spread
open in reflex and invitation as her toes curled upwards and
she arched her back.

"Arrrrgh!  I . . I  I hold five degrees and  OH!  Can solve
 exponential equations of unlimited scope in my head --IEEEE".

The Majors nose and chin were dripping with her juices as
he pressed further towards the mark.  A middle finger found
her sticky itching backdoor and made her gasp with delight.

She started bucking at the knees trying to ride his arrow
sure tongue like it was a little cock.  She was squating
over his upturned head as she came.  Her sweet juice 
squirted like a man's come into his mouth.  He swallowed,
surprised but not disapointed.  After a few more wet
loads she was done, panting at his feet holding her tummy.

He rested his head on her breast, the life preserver there
made his cock even harder.  They cuddled for a time then
she started asking him more questions.

"Do you think I'm a sex object?"

"Yes.  The Best!"

"But will you respect me in the morning?"

"Genie. .  baby. . . I will eat you for breakfast in the mornings!"

"But I mean... isn't there something sick and perverted about what
 we just did?  We hardly know each other. . . We just did it.
 I wanted it too. . . but somehow what we did . . isn't it dirty?"

Major Cockey scratched his balls and looked about the desolate beach.

"That reminds me, I need to take a shower."

She frowned.  Was he joking?

He laughed and chuckled.

She punched him in the gut with her tiny fist resulting in a
pain for her hand.  The Major decided to answer the question.
   
"Well I hear what you're saying. . . But I do respect you. . . 
I wouldn't lie and say I love you, because I take that very seriously.  
But I do want to share myself with you.  And we both wanted it. . ."

The Major looked uneasy.  He didn't usually have to get into deep
conversations so soon after sex.  And his cock was still hard.

"Now you didn't do as I said Major."

"Hmm?"

"I told you I would be the master, yet you did those things to me
 without asking.  You will be punished."

Twisted man, he thought.  Probably just part of a game.

She blinked and suddenly they were sitting in a room quite
familiar to the major.

"Hey.  I know this place. . ."

The major jumped to his feet and zipped up his pants.  He looked like
a young boy as he ran from wall to wall of the small room pointing
out pictures and posters to the slightly interested genie.

"Yes.  I know.  This is your boyhood room."

"Umm. So why are we here anyhow?"

"Like I said, you must be punished."

The major didn't know quite what she meant by that but it felt
great to just be there.  He felt like a lad again.  Young,
no responsibilities, an allowance he didn't have to work for. . .
Ahh childhood.

"Your mother's room is right across the hall. . ."

"Yes, I know but-", he stopped.  He felt his cock getting
stiffer.  He had always thought his mom was cute enough to
fuck but would never dare. . . .

"Yeah.  So?", he asked.

"So you will bang her brains out or you'll never see me again."

The major gulped.  What a choice.  He wouldn't mind screwing
what he knew would be in the room across the hall, but being
forced into it like this was so humiliating.

"Well. Get to it then!", the genie screamed.

"Shhhh.  You'll wake up the dead.", he said quietly.

"She won't know its me. .  will she?", he asked.

The genie shook her head from side to side.
Good.  He opened the door and crossed the short hallway.
His mom's bedroom door was open.  There was a shapely
woman lying there just under the covers.

Dad isn't home, must be late afternoon he thought as
he walked over to stand beside the bed.  Damn.  She
was quite a looker.  She was asleep and probably quite
tired.  She had worked nights and mornings in a local 
store all during his childhood. 

How would she react to a stranger comming in the room
and banging her brains out?  Probably not well, he decided.
A plan came to mind.

He gently pulled away the covers revealing her young body.
She was only as old as he was due to whatever genie had
done to get him there.  Pert, large breast, cute face and
large juicy bottom.  She was wearing white stockings and
high heels in bed!  The skirt tossed on the floor meant
she had just climbed in exhausted and forgotten the shoes. 
Her pussy was clearly visible between her thighs as she
lay there on her belly.  She didn't have any panties on
but she was wearing a brownish braw.  The random way her 
limbs had fallen in her sleep made her look so helpless.

His cock jerked begging him to use it.  He quietly closed
the curtains, drew the blinds.  It was dark in the room
then and he waited for his eyes to adjust to the
darkness.

Genie blinked into a corner of the room and stood there
watching him with a smirk on her face.

"And you talked about perverted!", he whispherd across the room.

"Just get on with it."

He unzipped his pants as quietly as he could and pulled
them off.  Next came his shirt and shorts.  It took awhile
but he was able to climb into bed beside his mom and cuddle
up to her without waking her.

When she did start to stir she felt a wet spot between her
legs and a hand on her tit.  

"Oh George.", she said.

Dad!? the major thought.  Then he settled back down and
started planting kisses on her neck.  Soon they were locked
in the deepest most erotic kiss he had ever been part
of.  He was afraid she would tell he was a stranger at
that point.  But nothing was said to stop him.

She took off the braw and pressed his head towards her
thick breast.  Slurping, kissing sounds filled the room
as he explored them.  He nibbled and licked, swirled
his tongue about her nipples, got her good and hard.
Then he started twisting them till she screamed in painful
pleasure.

"Oh George.  Whats gotten in to you!?"

He paused.

"No.  Don't stop you fool!"

He shruged then stuck two fingers up into her cunt as far as he could
without warning.  She gasped in shock.  He rubbed his come dripping
cock against her slit in the dark.   

He grabbed her ankles and pulled her legs up into the air, pressed
her thighs against her chest, hooked her legs over his shoulders
and aimed his cock for home.  She held her own legs to keep them
out of his way and spread her pussy as wide as she could for his
cock.

"Oh.  Oh...  OHHHH MY .. OHHH  You're so big!", she screamed.

He said nothing but grunted and panted with the effort as he
stroked into her.  The room answer'd her cries with the echoes
of lewd liquidy sounds and flesh slapping flesh in time to
his thrust.

He knew she was starting to notice he was different than his
Dad then, as she moaned something about how he hadn't came
yet.  He tried but couldn't speed himself up.

She shuddered and bit her lip in quivering pleasure as she
came and came.  He almost lost it then, but for some reason
he just couldn't shoot.  But he decided to pull out anyhow,
lest she discover he was some stranger. . .

"I know you're not my husband. . ", she started.

His heart jumped.   What if genie left him here and she called
the cops.  They wouldn't believe his story.

"I've often dreamed of having some strong man break into my house. . .
 and take me in his arms.  And love me.  And use me.  And do all
 the things George can't.", his mother said as she beat his prick
 off with her hand.

 He decided not to speak and simply pressed his cock against her
backdoor.  She pressed her hands against his chest.  He moved aside
allowing her to turn over and arch her rear up towards him.  She
rested on her forearms and waited.

 The major stuck his tongue into her pussy as far as he could while
holding onto her hips.  She squirmed in pleasure and moaned her
delight.  It was hard at that angle but he managed to lick her
clit and swab the whole area pretty well.  Then he used his fingers,
two first, then three, then five to poke in and out of her.

 She was hotter in there then he had ever felt a woman before.
When he had gotten enough lube he gathered up he let it run from
his fingers onto the crack between her buttocks.   He had planned
on going slow and gentle but she shook her head and told him
to be rough.

 That was all he needed and soon he was on his knees behind her,
humping for all he was worth into her tight little ass.  Her
head started bumping into the headboard with the force of his thrust 
before he was done and he could even hear the sound of her breast
slapping together.

 "Ahhhhhh!", he cried as he came in long gushing torrents, flooding
her rectum with his seed.  Her own son's seed.

 He just had time to slap her on the thigh and let her lick his
cock clean before genie blinked them back to the beach.

"Hey!  No fair.",  Cockey cried.

"You were having too much fun.", she giggled.

"And you too I take it", he said observing the slick path of running
come on her inner thigh.

"Yes.  I did!  I think I'll bring my strap-on next time."

The Major and genie cuddled together again while she thought up
a new punishment for his latest sin.


-- end --


















