
Copyright © 1997,  Big Daddy.       ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net.







Not the most thought out story of mine but I do like it for some reason.  I
hope you do too.  Originally I planned on having the mother visit the other
son after this story and then eventually the three of them would get
together in the end.  If you think that's a good idea let me know because I
still have the desire to write it....Big Daddy


Curiosity killed the Cat

	It wasn't the 4 touchdowns my son threw or the 50 yard run from scrimmage
either.  What started it all was the little pair of white panties I saw
under my son's bed that afternoon in his crowded dorm room.
	Robert had always been my favorite son.  A running back for Washington
State University, Robert was an all star athlete set to hit the NFL without
any problems.  Derrick, my other son was a quarterback for a rival school,
University of Washington.  I guess maybe I was biased.  After all, I went
to WSU myself and had the time of my life.  That's where I met their father
you know?  Still, I came to as many of Derrick's games as I could and today
my son made me proud.
	It was the panties under the bed that caught my attention that day
however.  How many times had I left my panties under some football player's
bed I wondered?  Of course my husband never knew just how much of a
football fan I REALLY was.  I would venture to say that in my 4 years of
college I had fucked about 20 football players, 5 of them at the same time
but that was a whole different time.
	I stared at the panties under the bed for a moment and wondered.  How many
young girls was my handsome son screwing?  Certainly he could have his fair
share.  A good looking stud, quarterback of the football time.  Hell, in my
day I would have fucked him for sure.
	"Where's the bathroom?" I asked as I suddenly became aware of just how
much beer I had had to drink at the game.
	"In there," Derrick pointed.  "I've got more beer in the fridge if you
want some."
	"Sure," I said shutting the door behind me and hiking up my skirt.  "I'll
take one."
	I quickly tugged down my panties and sat on the toilet.  As I relieved
myself of the bottled up liquid inside me I noticed the garbage can.  There
was something peculiar about it that at first I couldn't quite put my
finger on.  It was as if the toilet paper on top had been carefully placed
to hide something beneath it.  Noticing also that the toilet paper was
completely clean and not even wrinkled, I pulled the paper out and found a
hidden surprise.  There in the trash can was a used condom!
	The condom was all stretched out and filled with cum at the tip.  Whoever
the girl was she must have done a pretty good job considering the amount of
sperm filling that used rubber.  I studied the condom for a few moments and
estimated the size of my son's prick by the amount of rubber unrolled.  By
the looks of it he was quite large, bigger than his father for sure.	
	Memories came flooding back to me as I sat staring at my son's used
condom.  Memories of big strong football players squirting their hot loads
inside me without any protection to stop it.  I loved the feel of a man's
cum squirting up into my womb.
	Before I knew it I was snatching up the condom from the trash and dangling
it's heavy load in front of me.  It had been so long since I had seen
condom that it fascinated me.  I pushed up under the tip of the condom with
my fingers and felt the cool thick cum inside it squish around my
fingertips.  It wasn't warm like I liked it, but it was fresh and it sent
shivers down my entire body.  I dangled the condom in front of my nose and
smelled the pungent odor of man cum and my pussy got wet instantly.  God
how I loved the smell of cum.  I loved every bit of it, the taste the feel,
everything.
	I remembered all those football players and how they used to love to
squirt their hot cum all over me, in my hair, on my tummy and between my
legs.  I loved the way a man's cum looked in globs  between my legs.  I
wasn't even aware of what I was doing as I began to rub the condom full of
cum in my hand to get it warm.  Suddenly I was sliding forward on the
toilet seat, thrusting my pussy out and rubbing my thick black hair between
my legs.  Without thinking I laid the condom full of now warm cum on my
stomach and dumped it upside down on my pussy.  I watched the thick cum run
out onto my pussy and clump in my thick hair.  Carefully I shook the condom
up and down, making drops of cum flick all over my pussy and lower abdomen.
 Taking my fingers I squeezed the remaining cum out of it like squeezing a
tube of toothpaste until it began to run down between my legs over my clit.
	"There," I moaned to myself as I stared at my pussy covered in white cum. 
"That's where it belongs."
	Then as if suddenly something slapped me I came to a realization.  That
cum was my son's cum!  I was covered in my own son's cum and I could feel
it dripping off my pussy onto his floor.  My first reaction was to quickly
wipe it all off and pretend none of this happened but as I looked at the
thick globs of cum in my hair I smiled.
	"That's where it belongs," I said to myself.  "That's where you're cum
belongs Derrick."
	"MOM?" I heard my son say from the other side of the door.  "Do you want
that beer in a glass?"
	"UH…Yes, honey," I said as I snapped out the trance like state I had been
in for the past who knows how long.  I quickly smeared my son's cum all
over my pussy trying to soak it into my skin and tugged up my panties.
	"It's time to find out just how much you love me," I said to myself as I
flushed the toilet and primped my hair in the mirror.  I adjusted my boobs
to make the look fuller and smoothed out my skirt to make my hips look more
inviting and opened the door prepared to seduce my son.
	Derrick was waiting for me with a beer in hand.
	"Thanks," I smiled.  "This reminds me of old times."
	"What do you mean?" my son said as he flopped down on his bed and relaxed.
 I tried to imagine my son naked as he lay there, his big hard cock all
waiting for me.
	"You know," I said as I sat in the chair near his bed and crossed my legs
lady like.  "A college quarterback taking me to his room and trying to get
me drunk."
	"How many times did THAT happen?" my son asked surprised.
	"A few," I winked.  "A few."
 	"Oh ya?" Derrick sat up on one elbow.  "And what usually happened?"
	"What do you think?" I said with an evil grin.
	"MOM!" Derrick faked surprise.
	"What?" I gasped as I cleverly uncrossed my legs.  I noticed Derrick
glance at my long toned legs and I smiled.
	"Does dad know you used to do this?"
	"You're dad doesn't know a lot about me," I added as I flicked my long
black hair over one shoulder and sipped my beer with a smile.
	"He's not the only one," Derrick said.
	"Truth is," I said as I opened my knees a little further.  "I seduced
them, not the other way around."
	"Oh ya?" my son visibly tried not to look up my skirt.  "How'd you do
that?"
	"Oh thanks!" I retorted as I pretended to be insulted.  "You may not think
so but some guys thought your old mom had a pretty nice little package.  It
wasn't too difficult for me."
	"I didn't say you weren't," Derrick offered.
	"Back then all I had to do was spread my legs a little," I demonstrated
for him and noticed his rapt attention, hike up my skirt a little like
this, and next thing you know."
	Derrick was definitely looking up my skirt before I caught him.
	"Besides," I said with a smile, letting him know he was caught.  "When
guys found out about my special craving I NEVER had problems getting men."
	"What was your special craving?" Derrick asked as he blushed and looked
away.
	"I love getting fucked up the ass," I said bluntly as I watched my son
turn thirty shades of red.  "You'd be surprised how many guys have never
had a chance to fuck a woman up the ass."
	"You really liked that?" Derrick said as he rolled over onto his stomach
to hide his growing hard on.
	"I still do," I said as I sat my beer on the table next to me.  "I just
love the feel of a big hard cock up my ass."
	"Holy shit mom," Derrick laughed nervously.  "I've never heard you talk
like this.  So dad does you….you know…"
	"Not nearly as much as I'd like him to," I smiled.  "I want it all the
time.  I'd just love a hard cock in my ass right now."
	"Holy shit," My son laughed again.  "You must be roaring drunk."
	This would work greatly to my advantage.  If my son didn't fall for my
blatant attempt to seduce him then I could just pretend I didn't remember
any of this in the morning.
	"But there's nothing I like more than to get drunk and get a good fuck up
my ass," I said as I rubbed my big tits and watched my son squirm
uncomfortably on the bed.
	I had him, I knew I did.
	"Are you going to make me beg for it?" I asked at last.
	"What?" Derrick said in shock.
	"Do you want to fuck me up the ass or not?" I demanded to know.
	"Are you kidding?" Derrick gasped.
	"Does it look like I'm kidding?" I asked as I pulled up my skirt and
slowly slid my panties down to my knees as he watched.
	"Mom I'd love to," Derrick began, "but…"
	"But what?" I said as I slid my panties completely off now and rubbed my
dark eager pussy.  "would you rather fuck my hot cunt?"
	"Mom," Derrick wiggled his cute little ass back and forth as he smothered
his prick beneath him.  "I'm your son."
	"That's only all the more reason you should fuck me," I argued as I slowly
unbuttoned my blouse.  "Since your my son it won't be like I'm really
cheating on your father will it?"
	"Uh, I guess not," Derrick said not really following my logic. 
	"I mean we should keep it in the family right?" I said as I rubbed my
pussy so he could see my hot pink lips.
	"Sure," he nodded as I opened my blouse and exposed my massive bare
breasts.  I hadn't worn a bra with this outfit as it was too tight and
would have show too much..
	Derrick just nodded and stared at my naked chest.
	"So what's it going to be?" I asked as I rubbed my big tits and licked my
lips.  "Are you going to take care of your mother or are you going to make
me put all my clothes on again?"
	"They're beautiful," Derrick said regarding my heavy breasts.
	"Would you mind if I put one of my nipples in your mouth?" I asked slyly.
	"N…No," my son stammered like a frightened schoolboy.
	"Good," I said as I stood up and unfastened my skirt, letting it fall to
the floor with my panties.  I walked over and sat on the edge of the bed
next to my son and pushed my big heaving melons in his face.
	Derrick stared me in the eyes as he lifted his head and kissed the tip of
my hard brown nipple.
	"That's more like MY son," I smiled down at him.  "Now lick it."
	Derrick stuck out his tongue and I nearly had an orgasm right there as I
felt my son's hot wet tongue flick across my hard nipple while he stared at
me deeply.
	"Oooo," I moaned pleasurably as I rubbed his back and felt the bulging
muscles in his shoulders.  "Take your shirt of sweety."
	Derrick leaned over and flicked his tongue around my other nipple before
rolling over onto his back and unbuttoning his shirt.
	"That's right sweetheart," I said as I turned and laid over him so my tits
hung in his face again.  "Take it all off.  Take it off for mommy."
	Derrick was kissing the bottoms of my breasts with quick little kisses as
he peeled open his shirt and shrugged it off.  I groaned with anticipation
as I saw the muscular frame of my son, bulging pecs and flat washboard
stomach.
	"My son the athlete," I said as I rubbed my hand over his thick pecs and
then down over his flat stomach.  My hands slid down to his waist band
where a thin white cord tied his sweats together.  Slowly I pulled on the
cord until it popped loose.
	"Mother, I…" Derrick started to protest.
	"Shhhh," I whispered as I brushed my hair all to one side and pushed my
big tit into his mouth until he opened wide and began sucking my nipple. 
"Just suck on that honey."
	I eagerly tugged my son's sweats down as far as possible and pulled open
his underwear.
	"MY GOD!" I gasped pleasurably as I saw what lay in store for me this
evening.  My son's cock was thick and long, maybe 10 inches and full of
beautiful purple veins.
	"You've been keeping THIS from mommy all this time?" I scolded Derrick.
	"I never knew," Derrick argued as I pulled my tit out of his mouth and
laid my massive melons on his muscular chest as I took his huge cock in my
hand and plunged it into my mouth.
	"OH MOM," Derrick groaned as he slid his hand down my bare back toward my
ass.
	My own thought were on that lovely cock!  I slid it in and out of my hot
mouth slowly at first then quicker as Derrick began to play with my ass.  I
gladly scooted up and got on my knees on the bed so he could feel it
better.
	"You want to put this up my ass don't you?" I asked at last as I lightly
kissed my son's balls and shaft with little kissed.
	"Yes mother," Derrick groaned as he pulled my cheeks wide apart and pushed
his finger into my tight asshole.
	"Ooo!" I exclaimed as I turned my head back to look at him.  "I like
that!"
	"Oh ya?" Derrick smiled at me as he pushed his finger up inside my ass
until it was buried as deep as he could get it.
	I just wiggled my ass around on my son's finger and smiled.  "Is that the
best you can do?"
	"That's it, you asked for it," Derrick said as he pulled his sweats down,
bending his legs so he could pull them off.
	"That's right," I said.  "I have been asking for it."
	My son delighted me then when he got up on his knees and grabbed my ass. 
Forcefully he spun me around so my ass was waiting for him and fisted his
big cock between my cheeks.
	The feel of my son's big purple head nestled in the crack of my ass made
me hornier than ever as I grabbed my ass and pulled it open for him.
	"Stick it up my ass!" I demanded.  "Fuck you're mother!"
	Derrick obliged by pressing the head of his beautiful cock right into my
tight asshole and forcing it inside me.
	"OHHH!!" I gasped out loud as my son's enormous cock worked it's way into
my tight hole.  Derrick carefully pushed a little bit inside me, relaxed a
second or two and pushed a little more.
	"Oh mom!" Derrick growled as he held my hips firmly and watched his cock
slowly sink up my tiny hole.
	"Do you love me baby?" I asked as I watched the look of pained pleasure on
my son's face.
	"I love you mother," Derrick groaned as he sank another two inches up my
hot ass.
	"OH God!" I gasped in pleasure as I laid my big tits on my son's pillow
and watched over my shoulder as he rammed his hard cock up my ass.  "Mommy
loves your hard cock in her ass."
	A few seconds later and I felt my son's big heavy balls pressing against
my pussy as he forced the last inches up my tight hole.
	"Oh Jesus that feels so good!" I whimpered as I slipped my hand between my
legs and fondled my son's big balls.
	"Mother I love you," Derrick panted as he began to slowly pull himself
back and watched his big cock slide out of me.
	"I want you to squirt your cum on my pussy," I panted as my son began to
fuck me.  "I want you to promise you'll cum all over my pussy."
	"OH GOD YES!" Derrick bellowed as he pumped his stiff cock in and out of
my ass with greater intensity.
	The intensity of it all was bringing me to orgasm as I watched my son pump
his hips in and out behind me, sliding thick shaft in and out of my tight
ass as his balls slapped my wet pussy over and over again.
	"I'm going to cum!" I squealed as I slipped my hand between my legs again
and slid two fingers deep into my aching pussy.
	Forcefully I rammed my fingers in and out of my pussy as my son's balls
slapped the back of my hand each time he stuffed my ass full of cock again.
	"Oh here it is!" I shouted as my orgasm wracked my body.  "Ooooo!!!
Uhhh!!! Ooo!"
	My fingers were working in and out of my wet pussy as my son gasped and
panted harder and harder.
	"Am I really making you cum?" Derrick panted.  "I'm I really?"
	"YES! OH YES!" I cried as I realized how much it meant to my son.
	"OH GOD!" Derrick bellowed deeply as he ripped his shaft out of me
suddenly.
	"HERE!" I shouted as I pulled the lips of my wet pussy wide open with my
fingers.  "Squirt it here!"
	"OH YES!" Derrick growled as I felt his hot thick load squirt right into
my open cunt and between the crack of my ass.  "OH MOM! OH MOTHER!!!"
	My son pumped his delicious hot cum all over my ass and pussy as my orgasm
continued to rock my body.
	"Good boy.." I panted as I watched his cum pour onto his bed from between
my legs.  "Good boy…"

TO BE CONTINUED??????









--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....

