     Most men's magazines have surveys that indicate most
heterosexual respondents have had one or two homosexual
experiences in their life.  I had one which I'd like to relate to
you, as it stemmed directly from my first heterosexual experience,
which I will tell first.
     I was in a Boy Scout troop with my friend Curtis.  We were
about to leave for summer camp, and had to get our physical exams. 
Curtis's mother, a good friend, was a doctor, and agreed to give
my a physical.  I went to her office one afternoon, a "naive"
15-year-old.  His mom greeted me, and we went to an examination
room.  She closed the door and told me to sit on the
examination table.
     His mom, an attractive divorced woman of around 35, opened
my file folder and looked over my records.  "Okay, let's get
started now, shall we?  You'll need to remove your clothes."
     Since his mother was such a good friend, and had been my
doctor for so long,I was not embarrassed or aroused to have her
see me naked.  It seemed natural,and I was soon nude.
     His mom seated herself at a chair and engaged me in
chit-chat as she looked over my file.  Her legs were attractive,
and her short skirt rode up high on her thighs as she crossed her
legs.  She also wore a white doctor's smock.
     "How have you been feeling?" she asked, and I replied that
everything had been fine.  "Okay, this exam won't take too long,
as I know you're going over to meet Curtis and play some ball this
afternoon."
     His mom had to reach behind her to get a blank form from a
shelf, and as she did so, her legs opened, giving me a splendid
view of her pussy that was showing through her sheer panties.  It
caused my cock to stand straight out almost immediately.
     She turned to ask me something, then noticed my boner and
where my gaze was riveted.  She said, "Don!" and quickly closed
her legs.  However, my dick remained at attention.
     Red-faced, she got out of her chair and brought a
thermometer over to me and placed it in my mouth.  The air was
rather tense, which only added to my embarrassment and arousal. 
Three minutes later, she took the thermometer out of my mouth and
recorded the reading -- it must have been through the roof! My
erection remained as stiff as ever.
     She placed her stethoscope in her ears and came over to me
and began to listen to my chest.  To avoid looking in her eyes, I
look elsewhere, and my eyes fell upon her cleavage.  She never
wore a bra, which I had known for several years.  Curtis and I had
always gotten a kick out of our little game of voyeurism, watching
through her bedroom window as she changed.  I had never seen her
naked from the front, but had gotten several views of her luscious
ass.
     As she listened to my chest, and I stared at her tits, I
guess she noticed the change.  My cock was now throbbing in
erection.  She removed the stethoscope from her ears and sighed. 
"Don," she said.  "I obviously can't take any decent readings
while you're breathing this way."
     "Well, I'm sorry..." I stammered, and blushed deeply.  I
wished I could make my hard-on soften.
     "That's quite all right," she said.  She looked down at my
boner, then quite suddenly and unexpectedly, she reached out and
cradled it in the palm of her hand.  My boner surged and throbbed
in her hand.  "It's quite a nice one for such a young man."  My
boner, even at age fifteen, had reached a length of seven inches.
     "We can't get anything done regarding this examination as
long as your excitement messes up the readings, so...." and she
dropped to her knees,closed her eyes, and began kissing and
licking the shaft of my erect cock. She nibbled on the head with
her lips, and engulfed my boner in her mouth.
     This was my first blow job, and I was very excited.  I had
never experienced an orgasm other than with my own right hand, so
the sensations were so new and exceptional that I spurted my cum
into her mouth in about thirty seconds.
     She smiled and said, "That was a good one.  Did you enjoy
it?"  I nodded, and at the same time, we both noticed that my
boner had only softened slightly.
     "My," she said.  "I can't believe you're still hard.  We'll
have to take care of that."  She went over and locked the door,
then removed her smock. She lifted her skirt and pulled her
panties down to her ankles, then stepped out of them.
     She smiled at me and said, "I know of a way to help you. 
I'm not going to let you fuck my pussy this time, as I'm having my
period.  However, there is another way you can fuck me."  Being
very inexperienced, I had no idea what she was referring to.  I
was to find out very quickly.
     Curtis's mother opened a cabinet and got out a jar of
Vaseline.  She smeared a blob around the head of my cock and the
upper part of the shaft.  She then got on her hands and knees and
I watcher her smooth another blob onto her pink asshole.  I was
astounded.  This was something I had never thought of doing!
     She walked over to the sink on her knees and washed the
Vaseline from her hands.  Then she came back over to me and put
her head on the ground, her ass waving in the air.  She then
moaned, "Put it in my asshole, Don.  Go slowly, though, because
it's not like a pussy."
     I stammered, "B-but, I've never done it to a girl's...I mean
down there.  I don't know what to do."
     She looked back at me with wide eyes.  "You're a virgin? 
Well, Don, later I'll teach you how to do it to my cunt.  For
right now, what you need to do is gently -- very gently -- push
the head of your dick against my butthole until it goes in.  Then
stop for a couple of seconds until I get used to it. Then I'll
tell you what to do."
     A few minutes later, the head of my cock was inside her ass,
and she was ready to continue.  She instructed me on the proper
method of motion for fucking her ass, and it was not long until I
was pumping at her butt and shooting my cum inside her as she
finger-fucked her pussy.
     After I finished, I pulled my wilted dick from her ass, and
she got up.She went over to the sink and wet a rag, washing her
ass.  She rinsed the rag and came over to me where she proceeded
to clean me up.
     "That was very nice, Don.  I'd like to continue this again,
when we can do it in a real bed.  You certainly have a big cock,
and you need someone who can teach you how to use it properly."
     She finished the examination and gave me a kiss on the
cheek, squeezing my crotch at the same time.  I signed the payment
form at the desk and went on over to her house to visit her son,
Curtis.
     Curtis was a year younger than me, but knew more about
fucking than I did, as he had fucked two or three of the girls in
the neighborhood.  He greeted me at the door, and we went up to
his room to get some baseball equipment.
     Curtis started removing his clothes to change into some
grubbies that were laying on his bed.  He was down to just his
shorts when he spoke again.I also had stripped to change into
some grubby clothes I kept in his room.
     "So did you get your examination for summer camp today?" he
asked.  I didn't answer right away, and my hesitation and blushing
must have aroused some suspicion.  "What happened at the doctor's
office?" he asked, sitting on the bed.
     I related the story, and when I finished, I noticed that
both of us had big erections poking our underwear out.  Curtis
spoke first.  "Wow, I didn't know my mom ever did it any more. 
You know, she hasn't fucked anyone since the divorce last year."
     His voice trailed off, and I noticed then that we were
staring at the bulge in each other's shorts.  Curtis reached over
and squeezed my dick through my shorts.  I reached over and
returned the gesture.  He stood up, pulled his shorts down, then
pushed me on my back and pulled my shorts down.  He sat down again
and reached over and began stroking my cock.  Not wanting
to appear shy, I reached over and began stroking his boner, a
shorter one, which was around five inches long.
     Curtis spoke again.  "I've got a better idea.  Lie down on
the bed."  I did,and he crawled over me, positioning his face
over my boner and shifting so that his cock and balls were above
my face.  He began sucking my cock as I played with his balls. 
Recalling what his mom had done to me, I lifted my head and
inserted his stiff boner in my mouth and began tonguing
it swiftly.  I was rapidly reaching my climax, and just as I was
thinking this,Curtis grunted and his cock squirted hot sperm in
my mouth.  I unloaded my wad into his mouth, and he fell back,
panting.  "That was really neat," he said.  I wasn't too sure a
guy could do it with another guy, but now that we know what to do,
we can try some other stuff."
     Still naked, we walked down to the kitchen to get a Coke.  A
neighbor girl, whom I recognized as a freshman from school, ran
through the side yard past the sliding glass doors.  We ducked,
and she went on by without seeing us naked.
     After fixing our drinks, we went back up to Curtis's room
where we dug out some Penthouse and Hustler magazines and began
thumbing through them.  Soon we both had hard-ons again.  I began
absent-mindedly stroking mine while looking at the Hustler
Beavers, when Curtis grabbed my hand and stopped me."I've got an
idea," he said, and disappeared down the hall.
     I stood up to follow him when he returned.  In his hand he
had a jar of Vaseline.  "I figure if you could fuck my mom's
asshole, we could try it with each other.  Why don't you get on
your hands and knees and let's see."
     I dropped to my hands and knees and he placed a blob of
Vaseline on my asshole and on his cock.  He positioned himself
behind me and his cock slid easily into my ass.  I thought his
mom's blow job and assfuck was fun, but this was just as enjoyable. 
He pumped and fucked until his cock exploded in my ass.
     He fell to the floor and said, "Wow!  Did I ever cum good
that time!"  After a couple of minutes of heavy breathing, he got
on his hands and knees and said, "Okay, now it's your turn."
     I proceeded to grease us both up, and soon I was behind him,
sliding my hard cock in and out of his butthole.  I pumped slowly
for about ten minutes as I reached around and stroked his cock,
which was hard again.  Soon I was reaching another orgasm and
suddenly I could feel my cock squirt its load of cum into his butt
just as my stroking caused his cock to squirt his cum all over his
chest.
     After I finished, we dazedly made our way to the bathroom
and took a shower, soaping each other.  Of course, we both ended
up getting boners again, but we took turns dropping to our knees
and giving each other a blow job before getting out of the shower. 
We dressed in the grubby clothes and went to the softball field. 
The girl who had run by the house was there, and Curtis said he
would get her to come over the next time we did something like
that.  He said she would let us fuck her in the cunt.  It was
about three weeks before he could arrange it, but she was the
first girl my own age that I fucked.
     Since that day, Curtis and I, in addition to dating and
fooling around with girls, would manage to blow each other at
least every other day, and would do some ass fucking once or twice
a week.  His mom would let me screw her whenever we were alone
together in the house.  All in all, my relationship with them went
very well, and I was sad when we moved to a different part
of town.
     I never had any other homosexual relationships, and I
wouldn't have one if the occasion came up, but it was interesting,
enjoyable, and I learned a lot in the process.
