Archive-name: Bondage/cute01.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Cute


Part 1.

Ever since I was thirteen or fourteen, I've had a
fascination with innocent girls being dirty. There were
always some girls who slept with anyone, and came to school
in abbreviated gym-slips, flashing their young thighs for
anyone who cared to watch. I'd watch them, and enjoy their
little parades, but I thought they were cheap, and wouldn't
really fantasize about them.

Much more interesting was a pretty, naive, school-girl, who
looked horny without really meaning to. An example was
Juliette, the little sister of a friend, cute with short
brown curly hair, and aged about 12. She always looked sexy
in a girlish sort of way - maybe wearing a pink woolly
sweater, little miniskirt, white tights, and pixie boots. My
friend once told me that he made her give him blow-jobs... I
never knew whether it was true, but I enjoyed vivid
fantasies about the idea of her pouty lips wrapped around my
school-boy cock.

One weekend, her brother's parents were away, and he decided
to have an all-night barbecue. I chatted up a couple of
girls, but spent most of the time drinking and talking to
the boys. It reached two or three in the morning, and we sat
in the back garden. Juliette was next to me, but not close,
and I wasn't about to try anything with her while my friends
looked on. Then, one of the others tried to put his arm
around her - She edged towards me, obviously not interested,
and soon was pressed next to me. She was wearing a white
halter-top, its shoulder ties slipped to the side of her
arms, and a white skirt that finished just above her knees.
I put an arm around her, resting it on her shoulder, and she
rested her head against me. I risked putting my other hand
on her knee and she just kissed my neck gently. "I'm
tired.." she murmured into my ear. "Will you take me to
bed?".

We had tents pitched in the garden, so we found one and
climbed in. Juliette unrolled her sleeping bag, and pulled
out her night-clothes. She was fumbling and, like myself,
had drank far too much considering her age. "Can I help
you?" I asked, and she nodded. As we both knelt on the
sleeping bag, her back towards me, I pulled the little bow
the went from the halter top round her neck. "There's some
clips on the back" Juliette whispered, so I unfastened the
four or five clips, and watched the thin white top open
before me. She held her arms up and I lifted the top up, and
put it to one side. Moving my hands to her tummy, I gently
touched her young body, raising my caresses to the little
bumps that were becoming breasts. Her nipples were hard,
maybe from the cold, but she turned and kissed me as I
played with them between my fingers. I moved my lips to
hers, and felt a little tongue probing between them, pushing
to touch my own. As she turned she tilted back onto her
bottom, folding her legs up against her front. Her skirt
stretched over her bottom now only covered the top of her
legs, and I touched them, slipping a hand between her calf
and thigh. My palm slipped down to the skirt's hem, then
round to the inside of her thigh, until my fingertips were
touching her tight little panties. Her kisses were becoming
more furtive, so treating this as desire I slipped my
fingers, and then my hand, under the knickers, and over her
smooth, almost hairless pussy. Her knees parted so exerting
some pressure on my middle finger, I parted her labia, and
touched the tight, sticky, inside of this cute little
school-girl vagina. After playing like this for what felt
like hours, Juliette slipped out of her skirt and panties, I
undressed, and together we climbed into the sleeping bag,
pressed body to body, closely together.

My penis was long and hard, and below the fabric of the bag,
I felt her fumbling fingers stroking me. Reaching down, I
closed her fingers around its girth and motioned them up and
down, then moved an arm around her lithe body. My fingers
touched the cleft of her buttocks, and pressed her groin
closer as she slowly masturbated me.

The young, pretty, nymphet begin to whimper, becoming
excited from the un-deliberate rubbing of her own hands
against her clitoris, and the pace of her masturbation began
to increase. She started to suck on my ear-lobes, licking up
and down my neck, and I knew that I would soon be cumming.
"Can I cum inside of you?" I asked, gently. By way of an
answer, the twelve year old brunette rolled us, as if as
one, so that I was on top of her, between her knees.

Reaching between her legs, I parted her labia and nudged the
head of my cock between the lips. Her fingers joined mine,
then moved to hold my foreskin, continuing her unrelentless
wanking, forward and back. She pulled more than she pushed,
and slowly I begin to slip into her tight cavity, I ecstatic
as I floated on the verge of orgasm. As my penis was
enveloped a few inches into her pussy she grunted as her
hymen broke, and put her fingers around my balls, squeezing
gently. I pushed slightly harder, and slid deep into her
body.

Juliette said nothing, but emitted little pants and gasps as
I moved in and out. Her forefinger stretched up touching the
skin between my scrotum and anus. "Juliette, my bottom,
touch my bottom and help me cum....". The obedient girl
kissed my lips, then pushed a forefinger an inch into my
rectum making me gasp. "Do it, please, do it now" she said,
crying in her lust. I pulled my prick back until just its
head was inside of her, then begin more forcefully and
deeply thrusting in and out. Her tongue was darting around
my mouth, as she wiggled the finger that penetrated my
behind, and in moments I felt a cold sensation raising from
the inside of my legs, up into my balls. "Yes, Juliette,
Yes" I told her, feeling her other hand vibrating the small
part of my cock that was outside of her young cunt. With a
final thrust, I ejaculated my cum deep inside of her, with
the sudden realisation that I could be making her pregnant.
I half pulled out, but as the next wave of orgasm hit me,
pushed back in, not caring in my ecstasy. My whole body felt
that it was in orgasm as I spurted again and again.
Eventually I stopped, exhausted but sated, and stayed
inside, still kissing my young girl-friend as my penis
softened, and we, together, fell asleep.

I woke up the following morning alone. Feeling guilty, yet
uncertain about the events of the previous evening, I went
into the house with some trepidation. Those who were neither
throwing up in the toilets, or still asleep outside, were
eating breakfast, so I joined them, getting a bowl of cereal
and a black coffee. I was a bit queasy and conscious that
Juliette in some fit of nerves might have told someone of
our night together. However, a few minutes later, Juliette
appeared, looking like a vision, in a little white baby-doll
nighty. With her panties just visible below its frilled hem,
and cute white ankle-socks she looked like an advertisement
for little-girl sex, and I knew that other boys were
effected by her. She gave me a coy smile, then went over to
the fridge. Filling a glass with milk, she walked back to
the door, paused, then came towards me. I was worried as to
what she might say, but she just smiled and passed me a bit
of paper. Her brother looked up, but as she told me it was
'just a telephone message' looked down again.

It wasn't until I returned home that I opened it. My parents
were at Church, but I went to my room and took the note from
my pocket, laying it on the bed.

"Dear Ian,

Last night was lovely for me... I love you so much, but know
that you're probably not interested in a girl like me
because I'm too young. I don't mind if you have lots of
other girl-friends, but I'll always do anything for you.
I've been looking at William's dirty magazines since I came
to bed, and read one that showed an older girl in a school
uniform being spanked. Would you want to spank me? Is that
what men want to do with girls like me? Maybe you want me to
suck your willy while you spurt your white stuff into my
mouth? You could do anything at all, really, even if I
didn't like it, or if it hurt me, because you're all that
matters. Please call me, and even if I'm not as old, or as
pretty, as your other girl-friends, at least you know that
I'll always say yes to you.

I love you.

Juliette."


===
Part 2.

I lay on my bed, tired from the previous evening, but feeling elated
from my first real sexual experience of the night before. I shut my
eyes and remembered Juliette's lithe young body pressed against me,
her tight juicy pussy squeezing my hard cock. I begin to harden under
my jeans, and pulled a small briefcase from under my bed. I flipped
the combination "696 969", not really understanding what a 69 was, but
knowing that it was appropriate! The case opened, and I removed a
plastic bag from inside.

I'd collected this batch of 'dirty' pictures and magazines over the
previous year or two. It had started with a few Swedish "Private"
magazines that I'd bought from an older guy at school, then been added
to by a stash of books that we found in a nearby dump. At the top was
an envelope of pictures taken from the Sunday paper advertising
sections, from clothes catalogues, and various other papers, books,
and magazines. I laid out some of the pictures, and begin to
masturbate.

I gazed at the first picture, ripped out from a copy of "Rolling
Stone". It was of a fourteen year old German singer, 'Nena', looking
girlishly horny in a tight-fitting little black dress, her long legs
slightly parted as she pouted for the camera. Her lovely short brown
hair stopped short of her shoulders, and little bangs of hair covered
her forehead, some curling over her eyes.

To its right was a photography taken from a kitchen-fittings
catalogue. A pretty blonde woman was pouring coffee, her back to the
photographer, dressed in a towel robe the just reached below her
buttocks. Facing her was one of her daughters, aged maybe 15, with
long strawberry-blonde hair tied up with a length of pink ribbon. The
young girl was reaching up for a carton of corn-flakes, stood on tip-
toes, and pulling up the hem of a short, baby-blue night-shirt. Little
slits on the night-shirts sides ran up to her waist, just exposing a
pair of tight frilly panties.

My eyes fell to some photographs I'd taken from my Mum's album. The
first showed my youngest cousin, Michaela, at my own little sister's
eighth birthday party. Michaela couldn't have been much over six at
the time, and I felt bad for fantasizing about the winsome little
girl. She wore a frilly pale green party-dress, with bunched shoulders
that left her arms bare, tight around her torso, and a cute flounced
frilly skirt that started at her waist and finished at the top of her
baby-girl thighs. Her short legs were covered in white cotton tights
or stockings, her feet clad in a pair of petite  pink school-girl
shoes. She smiled at the camera, her little platinum-blonde pony-tail
falling to one side of her face, hugged by a teddy-bear she held
against her cheek.

As I enjoyed sordid thoughts of these four girls naked in bed with me,
playing with my genitals, and each others, I pulled a book from the
plastic bag. The book, bound in a nondescript cardboard cover, said
simply "Violated" and was one of my finds at the dump. When I first
read it, I was partly disturbed at its contents, despite having read a
multitude of pornographic stories in soft-porn magazines. However, on
subsequent readings, I started to find the tale of sadism on a young,
innocent, family to be a turn on. I turned to the first page, and
begin to read.

     The book tells a fictional story of a family, attacked in the
     middle of the night by a gang of hoods. Having silently entered
     the husband and wife's bedroom they place chloroform-soaked pads
     against their faces, ensuring that they, at least temporarily,
     remain unconscious. After clearing the house of all apparent
     valuables, they realise that there's no jewellery amongst their
     stash and return to the couple. The husband is tightly bound,
     naked as he lays in bed, with clothes-line. The young, naked wife
     is dragged over to the small chair that sits by her dressing-
     table.

     They use more line to tie her body against the back of the chair,
     pulling the rope hard against her pert young breasts. Her free
     legs are pulled apart then lifted, bare under a short "teddy"
     nightie, so that they are widely parted, then tied in this
     position, one to each arm of the chair. One of the men leaves the
     room, carrying a bucket of cold water, and bringing the news that
     a young girl, presumably a daughter, lies asleep in the room
     next-door.

     Ignoring this for the moment, the man proceeds to pour half the
     water over the young woman, and the remainder over her husband.
     Both awake, and the woman starts screaming, before a hand is
     placed over her mouth.
     "Make any more noise, either of you, and the girl next-door gets
     our attention" says one of the men. Both remain silent as the man
     continues. "Now, where's your jewellery?" The husband speaks, his
     voice shaking with concern for his wife and family.

          "We...We don't have any.. It's all been sold... I promise.."

          "You expect us to believe that?" shouts the man. He removes
     a switch-blade from his jeans, wanders over to the wife, and
     holds the blade pointing downwards, the blunt side to her body,
     under the neck of the white nighty. With a single downward
     stroke, he slices through the thin silk material, splitting it to
     her navel, and allowing her breasts to bounce into view. "No more
     messing about. Tell us where it is!"

          "I m-m-mean it" stammers the husband. Our youngest s-s-son
     is ill, his medical b-b-bills were t-t-too much."

          "Well that's just not good enough!" yells the hood. With his
     hand, he pulls at the remainder of the women's nighty, tearing it
     from her supple body in a single movement. One of the men who'd
     tied up the husband moves forward. "Boss, can I have the
     bastard?" "Sure Tony. Enjoy yourself while I fuck his tarty
     wife!"

     The four men in the room start to undress, all but one sporting
     huge, stiff, pricks. The husband and wife look on in fear, unsure
     of what might follow, but fearing the worse. Their expectations
     are proved correct as the boss positions himself between the
     wifes spread-apart thighs, and with a single thrust drives
     himself into her warm exposed quim. She screams, hurting from the
     rude intrusion, but the cruel hoodlum is unconcerned, reaching to
     the dresser for a pair of panties, that he proceeds to push
     between the full pink lips of her mouth.

As I read the book, I looked up at the 'kitchen' photograph. Gazing at
the young blonde mother, I imagine it is her, tied to a chair in front
of me, her lissome thighs spread for my pleasure. I allow my fingers
to touch the inside of her thigh, moving them upwards towards her
tightly stretched thin white panties. Her strawberry-blonde daughter
moves behind me, and I feel the fifteen year old's arms circling my
waist, as she pops the buttons on the fly of my Levis. My fingers
press under the women's panties, and I push my fore-finger into her
moist vagina, making her wiggle in embarrassment. Her daughter now has
my trousers and underpants at my ankles and I step out of them,
pushing another finger into the mother's cunt.

"Sabina...What are you doing?" the mother asks, distressed. "Shut up
Mummy, and let him do what he wants!" the captivating girl replies
with a giggle. Moving to her Mama's side, she moves a hand between her
own legs, stroking the inside of her soft pubescent thighs. Her hand
moves up, to the hem of the little blue night-shirt, and raises it to
fully expose the frilly white bikini panties. As she presses the
fingers of her other hand against the clearly defined cleft of her
labia, the little bimbo arches her back and emits a guttural sigh of
lust.

She raises her fingers to her pale pink lips, pouting like a little
girl, then slips the tips of her fingers into her mouth. You imagine
her panties dark from her moisture along the crease of her labia.
"What have you done to make her like this?" sobs her mother. Removing
the fingers from her mouth, the daughter replies "Mummy! I warned you
didn't I!". The teenage blonde peels her panties down, revealing a
thin blonde fuzz of pubic hair, then steps our of them. She brings
them to her mummy's face, placing their damp crotch between the poor
women's lips, and her own forefinger. With a push, she begins to stuff
the cum-soaked cotton into her own mothers mouth until just the string
of one waistband hangs down from her lips to her chin.

"Fuck mummy for me Ian. Pretty Please?"

As you savour the idea of the women's humiliation, you look at the
book, still masturbating from your fantasies.

     The boss places his penis at the entrance to the wife's cunt,
     then with a single push, fills her with his nine inches of hard
     male flesh. The husband cries out at the cruel rape of his lovely
     wife, only to feel a pair of hands spreading the cheeks of his
     bottom. He sees in the dresser mirror a huge man, presumably
     Tony, positioning his cock, ready to impale him on it.
     "No....NO!" he shrieks, as Tony grabs his shoulders and pulls him
     hard. The huge, thick penis is even larger than that now inside
     his wife, and causes unbelievable agony as it tears through his
     virgin rectum. Tony is vigourous in thrusting forward and
     backwards, oblivious to the pain he is causing. Tony's face
     contorts as he reaches orgasm, and he fills the man's anus with
     his hot stinging ejaculate.

     The boss, turned on by the distress the husband's rape is causing
     his beautiful wife, also nears orgasm. "OK Slut... Unless you
     want me to let Tony add your daughter's ass to his conquests
     you'll do exactly as I ask. Understand?" The hog-tied woman nods
     her agreement vigourously, and her assailant pulls the panties
     from her mouth.

     "Right baby, this is the low-down. You're going to turn me on by
     saying obscene things about yourself. If they're dirty enough you
     might make me cum onto your tarty little face. Otherwise, well,
     otherwise we'll see how much better the young lady next door can
     do."

     The poor woman is dumbstruck from the horror of what is being
     done to her. "I thought you were going to co-operate bitch!
     Tony... get the girl!". "No...No.. I'll do what you say" sobs the
     woman, finding her voice. "Good girl! Now tell me what a slut you
     are!"

     "I'm a slut. I'm a tramp. I enjoy you fucking me.." sobs the
     woman. "You can do better than that! I want to hear the truth!
     You want to be raped, sodomised, you want to be spanked and
     whipped. You want to fuck your dog, and suck your daughter. Tony!
     Go and get her!"

     "NO! No.... I will...I'll do what you want, I am a slut and I
     wanted to be raped by you. I wanted to feel a huge cock, a cock
     too big for me, raping my pussy, while I'm slapped across the
     face. Push my slutty face to the floor, and I'll pull apart my
     buttocks and you can fuck my ass. Use a riding whip on my back
     while you fuck me.. I'll spread my legs and enjoy it as you pull
     out and my dog fucks me. I'll enjoy it, I'm a whore. I'll kiss my
     daughters sweet pussy, then you'll spank me again. Make me hurt
     but leave her alone."

     As these obscenities come from her sweet mouth, the boss
     ejaculates, spurting a wad of semen onto her cheek. As it drips
     down the side of her face a second string of cum hits the bridge
     of her nose, then a third shoots between her parted lips to land
     on her tongue. "Don't swallow!" orders the boss.

     On the dressing table sits a Polaroid camera. "Take dirty
     pictures of each other huh? I'd like a little momento for me and
     the boys. I'm going to take your photograph, and I want you to
     smile, and allow my cum to dribble from your lips. Do that and
     we'll go."

     The boss sits himself on the edge of the bed, pointing towards
     his captive. When the camera indicates that the flash is charged,
     he motions for her to start. "Smile baby. Make love to the
     camera, you've done it before I guess!" She pouts her lips as if
     to whistle, and blows, and a globule of semen dribbles out, the
     thick white cream leaving a glossy trail as it runs towards her
     chin. "Smile!" She raises the corners of her mouth, and parts her
     lips, little strings of cum stretching between them, and the boss
     presses the shutter button. "Hold that pose baby" he says, now
     surrounded by the other men, and shoots another frame.

     As the semen begins to drip from the women's face, landing as
     sticky strings on her firm young breasts, the men view the
     pictures as they develop. Both show just her face, smiling, and
     dripping with cum. "Tony.. Put one of these on the girl's pillow.
     The other we'll take with us! A word to anyone baby, and I copy
     this and push it through every mail-box in the street!"

     The men run from the house laughing, the couple destined to
     remain tied, until their daughter wakes up. As they reach the
     town limits the boss stops. "Tony... did you leave the picture
     for the girl to see?". There's no answer. "Shit! Where's Tony?"
     The other men shrug their shoulders, and continue walking, away
     from the scene of their crime.

As I reached this, the end of the book's first chapter, I looked at
the first picture, cute, pretty Nena, a dirty little bimbo, aching for
my cum. Wanking furiously, I climaxed, dripping my cum all over her
horny little black dress, making the ink run. If only it were real, I
contemplated, then remembering Juliette's letter, realised that it
could be.


===
Part 3.


Having slept for most of the day, I awoke at dusk, ready for another
evening out.


I realised that the phone was ringing, so raced down-stairs to catch
it. "Hello - Ian speaking".

"Hi Ian! This is Sophie - did you have a good time last night?" Sophie
was my girlfriend, slightly older than me, and had been at cheer-
leader training the previous night. "Err, yes Soph - It was OK". "Well
listen, I've got some cinema tickets - do you want to come? They're
showing "The Exorcist" and "Evil Dead" - It should be really scary!"

I wondered for a moment whether Juliette would be there. The cinema
was run by some Italians, who didn't seem to take any attention of age
at the door, so most of the local kids went quite a lot. Sophie would
kill me if she found out about Juliette. It would also be very
embarrassing! All the same, I hadn't seen the movies before, and
Sophie was both one of the prettiest in town, and cute in the way I
liked, so I said I'd go.

Sophie was waiting outside when I arrived. I wouldn't have claimed to
be the best looking guy around, but for whatever reason the fifteen
year old blonde was infatuated with me, and we'd been going together
for weeks. Tonight, she wore the outfit I liked best ; a short pink
wool dress, really no more than a long sweater. It had a butterfly
stitched onto the pale pink wool with powder blue sequins, and reached
down to the middle of her knees and thighs. She ran over and kissed me
when I arrived. "Ian! I'm so glad you came. I've really missed you!"
she said in a little-girl voice. "Mummy and Daddy are away, so we
could go back to my house and play Trivial Pursuits afterwards!" She
had a dirty smile on her lips as she spoke, and it was quite clear
that Trivial Pursuits was not going to be the only game we would play.

I queued at the counter, presented our tickets, and after buying some
pop-corn and a hot-dog we went in, taking a back-row corner seat in
the large Odeon. As the trailers begin, I felt her hand resting on my
leg, so allowed my own hand to touch hers. The hem of her sweater had
pulled up, exposing most of her shapely long legs. Looking around, I
saw that we were separated from the rest of the audience who had
chosen seats closer to the front, obviously more interested in the
Exorcist than we were!

Turning left, towards Sophie, I swept her hair to the back of her
head, and kissed her ear, making her smile. Her legs parted slightly,
and I allowed my fingers to slip between the furrow of her thighs, and
up to the hem of her dress. Her hand moved up to the waist of my
jeans, slipping down the front, and finding the head of my penis that
was now standing hard and upright! "Your a tart Sophie" I told her.
"Hee..I am aren't I! A proper little slut and I love it!" she replied,
popping the buttons of my fly. She placed her left hand on my wrist
that lay against the woolly hem, and pulled my fingers towards her
midriff. Needing no more prompting I stroked the sensitive inner
thigh, the pressed against the front of her panties.


"Ohh Ian... Make me cum, I'm throbbing for you babes". I couldn't
believe that a girl could get so randy from just having her leg
stroked - At least I wouldn't have believed it until I met Sophie. I
moved my other hand to her pussy, my arm stretched as I tried to give
the appearance that I was watching the movie, and pulled at the crotch
of her panties. "OW!" she gasped. "You're pulling my pubic hair!" My
hand retreated, as I checked that no-one had heard her complaint. "No
babes, don't stop - I don't care, I feel so horny!"

She pulled on my stiff rod, and suddenly it was out, the flys of my
jeans parted, and my underpants pulled down to its base. She kissed me
on the nose, then moved her head down to my crotch, taking the blood-
filled head of my cock between her sweet young lips. Turning her body,
she knelt on the floor, between my spread thighs, looking up at me.
Her tongue ran up and down the stem of my cock, licking around the
ridge of its head, then moving to my balls, taking one in her mouth
and rubbing her tongue furiously against the wrinkled scrotum. Raising
her eyes to meet mine, she parted her lips, and touched the tips of
her first and second fingers to her tongue. She sucked at the fingers,
first to their knuckles, then slipping the whole of each into her
mouth. This show of girlish-ness preceded her moving the sucked
fingers back to the base of my scrotum, then pushing, between the
cleft of my buttocks to my rectum. Fiddling with my asshole, I nodded
in confirmation and felt the first finger push against my sphincter,
then enter me, soon followed by the second finger.


As she sucked and blowed, licked and kissed at my dick, her fingers
fiddled inside my ass, pushing deeply into it, pulling out, then
easing back in. "Ian... Make a mess of me. I'm a slut and I deserve no
better. Please Ian...I want to feel wanton..." she moaned, and started
picking up various bits of rubbish from the cinema's carpeted floor,
placing them on her seat.

"Make me sticky Ian, make a mess of my dress" she breathed between
long swipes of her tongue against my prick. SHe had positioned her
self astride one of my outstretched legs, and I noticed the she was
rubbing her crotch hard and fast against the toe of my shoe.
Perspiration ran down her pretty young face, smearing her make-up, as
she looked up pleading, motioning towards the collection of objects
she'd discovered. "If I mess up your dress, how will you get out?" I
asked, but she just shook her head from side to side. "I don't care,
please Ian, please!"

I picked up a half-finished cardboard cup of chocolate milk shake, not
entirely sure what she wanted me to do with it. She moved onto her
haunches and pulled at the neck of her blue woollen dress, stretching
it 18 inches from her throat. When released, it hung down, spoilt,
exposing the cleavage of her full breasts. She took the wrist of my
hand, holding the shake, and moved it towards her face, then twisted
it.

The thick milk-shake poured over her pale blue eyes, running down her
face, over her tongue that darted out to catch drips of the shake. It
covered the front of her dress, leaving a large white stain on the
material, while more went under its neck, dripping between her
breasts, over her tight tummy, and onto her spread young cunt. "More
Ian, more, please!" she pleaded returning her attention to my dick, as
I picked up a half eaten bar of chocolate. The heat of the cinema had
caused it to melt, and I opened one side of the paper and foil,
placing it against my palm, trying not to get too much of the sticky
brown goo on my fingers. Her head was bouncing up and down now, as I
brought my hand down on her tussled blonde hair pushing it against me
as I rubbed my chocolate covered palm, through her blonde bangs. I
grabbed a tussle of her chocolate-smeared hair and pushed her head
down on me, feeling the head of my penis enter her throat. As she
gagged, her contracting throat squeezed me deliciously, though soon
relaxed to accommodate my long weapon.

Her fingers wiggled as she pushed a third finger into my ass, her
other hand reaching out and placing a tub of half eaten ice-cream into
my free hand. I balanced the tub on her bobbing head, it's opening
downwards. Cream begin to seep into her already messy locks, but as I
pressed on it soft plastic base, the carton cracked, and a large
dollop of the cold vanilla ice-cream splattered into her hair. I took
some in my hand and reached below her hair, smearing the cream into
the part of her sweater that covered her budding young breasts.

The toe of my shoe was now penetrating her pussy, and she rode it like
a short, broad, cock, and I'd never before seen a girl looking quite
so slutty, even in the filthyest magazines and books. I picked up the
remaining items from the seat, the pop-corn and hot-dog. Sophie looked
up, and gave me the most dirty smile imaginable, then took the hot dog
from me. I begin to empty the carton into her hair, breaking up the
toffee-covered corns against her scalp. I pushed more corns between
the girth of my penis, and her pale-pink lips until her cheek were
full, enjoying the slight roughness as they pressed within her mouth
against my tool. With each thrust of her head, some popped out, the
wet toffee making some stick to her pretty face whilst other dropped
down the inside of her sweater.

Suddenly she moved her head from me, and leaned back. "Ian...Ian" she
panted. "Watch me...." She pulled the three fingers out from my ass,
waving them in-front of my eyes. "Oooh Ian. They're all dirty!" she
whimpered, parted her lips, licked the muck off each finger, then
tried to push her young hand into her mouth.


Her legs parted as far as they could, her sodden sweater hitched up to
her waist, she moved the hand from her mouth and, placed a finger on
each labia. Pushing them apart, she revealed the pink canal of her
vagina, then positioned the Hot-Dog bun at the entrance to her love-
hole. Squeezing the bun against the long weenie it contained she
started to push the ketchup covered mess into her young cunt. Ketchup
and sausage meat squelched out as she stuffed the food inside of her
thinly downed pussy, until, looking like a de-flowered virgin, all
that could be seen was a dribble of red sauce and her own juices
dripping towards her tight young anus.


As she slowly closed her legs the sausage-skin must have split inside
her, and bits of sausage, sodden bread, and ketchup spilled out in
strings, while she dribbled half chewed popcorn onto her body. Turned
on to an extreme by this, I ejaculated spurt after spurt of hot, thick
semen onto her tarty, slutty face. She was squeezing her breasts so
hard it must have hurt, as my cum joined the rest of the cream on her
dress, dripping from her face. She licked the last few strings of
semen from my cock-head then fell back to the carpet, exhausted.
"Thanks Ian.. That was wonderful" she said, looking like a strangely
erotic cross between the horniest tart and the messiest tramp.

"Sophie, I'm damned if I'm going to walk out with you looking like
that! Your hair's horrible, all stuck together with dried ice-cream,
and milk-shake. Your face is covered in cum and toffee. Your dress is
a disaster, stretched down below your tits, and stiff from all the
crap that's dried on it. It's not even covering your knickers!"

"I know Ian. There's nothing I can do about it, but hell, that felt
rude! Lets go now before the show finishes." I thought about making
her go on her own, but wanted to see her in the light, so followed her
to the exit. The girl in the ticket office, watched in astonishment as
this fifteen year old blonde, walked past, her dress finishing half
way down her panties, her face sopping with cum, her body drenched
with ice-cream and milk, and a little trail of bits of sausage meat
dripping down the inside of her exposed young thighs. A gang of youths
who obviously knew her, jeered. "Fuck Sophie - You slut! What have you
been doing" but she just smiled cutely, and dribbled semen from her
lips.

I gave her my long-coat to walk in, not so much out of pity, but
through a desire to avoid being blamed for this mess of a girl. When
we got inside the house she turned to me. "I want to do that again
Ian. They're showing Bambi tomorrow - Will you come with me?" "Take a
bath Sophie" I laughed, incredulous at the actions of this 'sweet'
young blonde.


===

Part 4.

I sat in fifteen year-old Sophie's lounge, wondering what experience
of the past might have turned this sweet, pretty young girl into such
a ..., well, such a slut? She'd been upstairs for hours, bathing her
cute, lithe and really rather messy body. I thought about going up to
the bedroom, but tired from my earlier experience decided to take a
quick rest on the sofa. It struck me that I should have been at home,
looking after my sister, though I was still angry with her from a
recent evening of baby-sitting.

     I'd been sitting in my bedroom, completing the final assignment
     for a school project. Next door, my little sister, Judy, was
     listening to records, and I was doing my utmost to ignore her
     playing an awful "New Kids on the Block" record for the upteenth
     time.

     To my mind, Judy's a spoilt brat. She's just turned 7 and has my
     mother and father eating out of her hands. When she's been
     naughty, she'll go upstairs, change into one of her cute, short,
     night-dresses, and tie a pretty pink ribbon in her blonde wavy
     tresses. When she returns downstairs, sucking her thumb and
     looking so young and innocent they believe she can do no wrong.

     As I'd tried to continue working I heard a lapse in the music,
     and re-attempted some Math that had me completely flummoxed. I'd
     just about got the problem sorted in my mind, when the music re-
     started. It was completely distracting and when I realised it was
     the same record being played I was furious!

     I opened the adjoining door between our bedrooms, slamming it
     shut behind me. "Oh, Hi Ian!" she said. "I was just listening to
     some music!"

     "Do you think I don't know?" I yelled, pulling the needle off the
     revolving disk, and picking up the record. "Oh Ian...Don't hurt
     my record!" she pouted. She was sitting on her bed, her slim
     little legs folded up in front of her, her chin resting against
     her knees. Playing her usual precocious tricks, she was sucking
     her thumb, her big brown eyes looking up at me, like she knew
     she'd been naughty but was ever-so-sorry. She wore a little
     white-lace baby-doll nightly, similar to Juliette's but about 6
     sizes smaller, that finished at the waist band of her panties.
     Dad had bought it for her when she was about 4 so both the top
     and knickers were far too small for her - she only wore it to
     please him. Despite her age, she had to know that these tight
     little panties were provocatively stretched tight against the two
     soft mounds of her little-girl labia, and clearly visible between
     her hunched-up thighs.

     I wasn't going to be swayed by her games, and, lifting my knee,
     brought the record down hard against it, breaking the plastic in
     two. She immediately started crying, tears running down the
     cheeks of her cute round baby face. "Ian! That's my favourite.
     How could you?" she sobbed. "I'm telling mommy and daddy as soon
     as they come home!"

     I was ready to put her over my knee and administer a harsh
     spanking but was only too aware of what the consequences might be
     if she told our parents. Unwilling to let my temper get the
     better of me, I through the fragments into her bin, and went back
     to my room.

     All I heard for the next hour was Judy's sobbing. I knew it was
     all put on, so ignoring her, continued the work in front of me.
     At about midnight, I heard the front door open, then the quiet
     scamper of feet as Jude ran down to see them. 'Calm before a
     Storm' I thought, accurately since the next sound was the loud
     thump of my fathers feet as he raced upstairs.

     "IAN! WHAT'S THIS JUDY TELLS ME ABOUT YOU BREAKING HER RECORDS?"
     my father shouted, standing at my door. "Dad - I was trying to do
     my work, and couldn't concentrate - It was her fault!"

     "IF I HEAR YOU BLAME YOUR SISTER ONCE MORE YOU'RE OUT! DO YOU
     HEAR ME? OUT!" With that, he picked up the pile of work I'd
     completed, and ripping it in two, through it out the window. "NOW
     BEFORE YOU START YOUR WORK - AND YOU'LL DO IT PROPERLY OR
     THERE'LL BE TROUBLE BOY - APOLOGISE TO YOUR LITTLE SISTER!"

     In the past, I'd refused such requests, gaining a hard slap, and
     the docking of a months allowance for my trouble, so I had little
     choice. Humiliated, I walked through to her room, seeing that she
     now wore only her tiny panties, as she wiped a tear from her eye
     then smiled at dad.

     "Sorry Judy" I said then turned to leave. "IAN! Apologise
     properly!" "Shit Dad! Wasn't that good enough?" I said, the words
     out before I could halt them. "DON'T LET ME HEAR YOU BLASPHEME IN
     THIS HOUSE!" With that, my 6'2 father pulled my arm behind me,
     knocking me off balance. He grabbed me, pulled me to Jude's bed,
     sat down, then pulled me by the hair so that I folded across his
     knees.

     As I felt him loosening my trousers I complained "Fuck-off dad -
     I'm fifteen - you can't spank me!"

     "WITH LANGUAGE LIKE THAT I WON'T" he replied, pulling the belt
     from his trousers. He pulled my school trousers down to my
     ankles, then ripped down my boxer shorts. "Oooh Daddy!" exclaimed
     Judy. "Yucky - his bottom's all hairy!" My face was deep red with
     embarrassment as my little sister made these abusive comments,
     while my father lifted his arm.


     'SWISH' I heard the belt before I then felt it a hard 'CRACK'
     accompanying the agony that crossed my buttocks. Again and again
     he raised the belt then lashed it against my backside until tears
     were running down my cheeks. After what seemed like an eternity
     he paused, his voice still hard, and angry. "NOW IAN - Apologise
     properly to Judy!" My voice croaking with pain I turned my head -
     "No Dad - I won't - It wasn't my fault!".

     Judy moved round to us, and rested her hand on my crisscrossed
     sore behind. As dad looked up at her, my horrible sister pinched
     a fold of my skin between her chubby little fingers. I yelled,
     reached round, and landed my palm hard against the back of her
     thigh.

     "IAN! I DESPAIR WITH YOU!" Inevitably, my father had seen this,
     whilst completely missing her cruel pinch. He passed the belt to
     Judy, the little girl taking the leather strip that was almost as
     long as she was tall. She raised it and brought it down on me,
     while father held me still, my arm stretched behind my back in a
     half-nelson. I hardly felt the strike, since my sister wasn't
     strong enough, or tall enough, to cause much damage. "Try holding
     the other end" suggested dad, a suggestion that she dutifully
     accepted, the sharp brass buckle now swinging at her feet. "DAD!
     The buckle - Don't let her dad?" I pleaded, but he just glared at
     me and smiled at her.

     Like a sling, Jude started twirling the belt around her head,
     then whipped it, hard, into the cleft of my buttocks. "ARGGGGG" I
     screamed, almost jolting from my fathers lap as the belt pin cut
     into my ass. "Go on Judy - You teach him!" said dad, as the
     pretty little seven year old once again swung the belt into me,
     this time it striking my upper thighs. This continued for several
     minutes, until with the sensation of little streams of blood
     running down the back of my legs, I collapsed in a feint.

     I awoke in bed, some hours later, a sea of pain enveloping my
     lower half, from the small of my back, to the top of my thighs.
     As I remembered that my baby-sister had done this to me, I felt
     unbelievably angry but knew that there was nothing I could do by
     way of revenge. Dad would be watching me carefully for months.
When Sophie came downstairs, she was looking almost as good as new,
but for her blonde hair that remained tussled, with the occasional
dark streak of dried chocolate. As she lay next to me, a long leg
arching out from the split in her red silk kimono, she raised her
eyebrows.

"Are you cross with me?" she asked, looking concerned.

"No... No Sophie. I was just thinking of my sister. I'm furious with
her." I ended up recounting the tale of what little Judy had done to
me, leading to Sophie pulling down my jeans and gently inspecting the
scars I still wore. At first Judy had laughed a little, obviously
finding the idea of a fifteen year-old guy being thrashed by his cute
baby sister funny. But the marks changed that, and she seemed
sympathetic.


"Hey, don't worry about it. Your chance will come" she said, rolling
me onto my back, then kneeling astride my exposed young cock. With her
fingers, she started rolling my foreskin backwards and forwards, but
it remained flaccid and unresponsive. "What's wrong kid?" she asked.

"Shit, I don't know" I replied. "I guess I just feel a bit pathetic."
Looking me in the eyes, she just said "Well, I hope you really hurt
her when you slapped her legs." My penis must have twinged as she
spoke, because she smiled and started wanking me more vigourously.

"Let me tell you a story Ian babes. Just a nasty, imaginary one about
little girls, like Judy, getting punished. Do you want to hear it?"

"OK Soph." I replied. "I'm listening", my penis hardening to the idea

     "Alright. Once upon a time....hmm....Once upon a time there was a
     school. The school your sister goes to, Saint Francesca's."

"She doesn't Soph! She goes to Saint Augustas!"

     "Hey Ian - this is a story OK? Anyway, I think Francesca is a
cuter name than Augusta, and its my story so don't interrupt!" She
lent forwards, and kissed my nose before continuing.

     "I love you babes. So, as I was saying, Saint Francesca's. It's a
     girls school, with children from kindergarten up to sixth grade."

"Is this going to be sick Sophie?" I asked. "Sure Ian babes, but as I
keep telling you, it's only a story! You going to let me tell it?" I
nodded and she went on.

     "So, all these kids are being taken for a summer picnic. Some of
     their Mothers have joined them, and they're all waiting outside
     the school gates. The children are all wearing the regulation
     school uniform, playing, you know, skipping and playing tag and
     stuff. The little kids, only aged five or six, are all real
     pretty. All blonde bunches and pink ribbons, you know the type?
     And the older girls, fifth and sixth graders are just as cute,
     with tight pigtails and little blue bows in their hair.  The
     school's little dark-green gym-slips are all tight against their
     slim girlish bodies. Instead of a belt, a little yellow rope
     drapes round their waist just tight enough to stop it slipping
     over their slim hips, then the dress tapers out at the waist into
     a short pleated skirt. The dresses are all really short, the hem
     stopping just below the tight little knickers they all wear.
     Under the Gym-slip tops, they wear these charming little white
     blouses, with puffed out arms, and beautiful lacy cuffs on the
     wrists and round their necks.

     On their feet are shiny little black patent school-girl shoes and
     petite white ankle-socks, with baby-ish pink ribbons and white
     frills. Basically they're all real cute, do you get the picture
     Ian?"


     As I gave Sophie a quick nod, the fifteen year old kissed me
     again, her fingers still massaging my penis that was now starting
     to harden, though still way off its best.

     "The Mothers are great looking. They're all young, maybe mid
     twenties, early thirties maximum, and dressed in their favourite
     Summer frocks, made up all pretty, trying to outdo one another.
     When the bus arrives, they take their little girls by the hand,
     and climb onto the bus in file, the driver stood outside helping
     them up the step. When the kids climb in, their cute little
     skirts flick up, and the driver smiles as he gets a view of their
     sexy little bottoms, clad in the tight white panties. If the
     woman hadn't been so taken up with looking good, back straight,
     stomach in, and tits out, they might have notices his dirty
     glances and realised something was amiss, but they were too
     arrogant for that.

     Once the twenty or so kids have climbed on board, perhaps ten
     mothers accompanying them, the driver returns to his seat and
     sets off. At the back of the bus is an ice-box, containing Coke's
     for the girls and white wine for the mothers. Soon they're all
     eagerly drinking, the busses air-conditioning doing a poor job of
     keeping them cool on this hot summer day. After a few hours,
     they're out in the country, and some of the woman are beginning
     to feel distinctly uncomfortable, and ask if the driver can try
     to find somewhere with a rest-room. "Hell ladies, there's nowhere
     around here. Well, I say that, there's a farmer I know with a
     place about twenty miles or so from here. He'd probably have a
     room you could use. Despite passing several Gas Stations, they
     take his word for it, and legs clasped together put up with the
     urge.

     Half an hour later, the driver indicates left, and pulls into a
     muddy track. "This is my pals house Ladies. 5 minutes and you'll
     be there". As they sigh with relief, they look around, a rather
     foreboding trail of tall trees running neatly down each side of
     the track, and arching over so as to almost hide the sun-light
     from above. True to his word, a few minutes later the driver
     pulls up outside a small wooden farm-house located at the end of
     the track. "I'll just go inside and check the rest-room's clean.
     You can't be too careful with these farmers", he says, winking.

     Shortly after entering the cabin, he walks out, two men
     accompanying him. Both are huge, dressed like lumberjacks and
     carrying axes, and have a mean look in their eyes as they survey
     the yellow bus. One approaches the back of the bus, and lifting
     his axe, strikes the rear tyres. With a brief hiss the passengers
     feel a bump as the tyre bursts, and one of the pretty, young,
     mothers screams. The axe-wielding giant walks round and repeats
     this with the other tyres, until the bus is rendered completely
     immobile.

     The bus driver climbs in, and picks up a microphone. "Kids,
     Ladies, you've just been kidnapped. I know you're all rich -
     shit, I know the fees you pay to send your little darlings to
     Francescas! Now, Joe, Frank, and myself, are coming round with
     this bag. Take off your jewellery, and get your handbags ready.
     If I catch anyone holding back, their little girl gets it. You
     understand?"

     Terrified, the mothers nod, eagerly pulling off the wedding and
     engagement rings from their fingers, and taking credit cards and
     cash from their purses. Joe and Frank wander down the isle,
     carrying black plastic bags, into which the woman throw their
     valuables. As they walk back to the front one of them notices a
     young brunette woman fidgeting. He turns towards her. "Hey Doll -
     what seems to be the problem?" "Nothing....Really, nothing" the
     petrified mother says. As she cowers a small gold locket swings
     out from her neck. "Hey Joe - Take a look at this!"

     Joe walks forward to the mother and sees his accomplices find. He
     reaches for the locket and with a hard tug, the chain breaks.
     "Fuck Bitch! What's this?" He opens it and reads the inscription.
     "To my darling Samantha on the occasion of her 14th birthday.
     Love Daddy". "Hey guys, isn't that sweet". The young woman is
     shaking as she sobs "I'm sorry... It was my father... he's gone
     now, and it means so much to me". "You think that's an excuse?
     Looking at the school-girls sat around her he adds "OK - Which of
     these sluts is yours?"

     The woman hesitates, then points at a pretty, pig-tailed brunette
     girl, sat in the next row. "Kid - how old are you?" The young
     girl replies "I'm ten" uncertainly. Returning to the mother, he
     looks at her tight, firm young body, smooth complexion and pert
     breasts, commenting "Well, that makes you at least 28, and I'm
     afraid I just don't believe that. Looking back to the ten-year
     old he asks "What's your name kid?" "J-J-Jenny" she stammers. "Is
     this your mommy?" he asks pointing at the young blonde woman. "N-
     N-No. My mummy's over there" she says pointing at a another of
     the woman. "It's true!" her real mother, Paula, shouts. "Be Brave
     darling...". Looking at the woman who'd lied she shouted "You
     bitch! Her kid's the little blonde one in the seat behind!"

     "Fuck ME!" exclaims Joe. "You rich-bitches make us guys look like
     angels. Anyway boys, what are we going to do about this?" As he
     speaks a little fifth grader raises her hand. "What is it kid?"
     "I, ummm, I need to pee" As she speaks a sparkle of an idea
     begins to form in the kidnappers mind. "OK...Who else needs to
     use the john?" Every hand in the bus raises, their bladders full,
     from the pints of drink each had drank. None could have guessed
     the method behind an earlier serving of heavily salted snacks,
     and the deliberately heated and dried air conditioning in the
     bus, was to force an this excessive consumption of liquid.


     Joe's stare returns to the locket carrying woman, Samantha. "You
     know what bitch? I kinda appreciate the way that you went for
     that other woman's kid, so maybe we'll give your little girl a
     second chance. But you'll do exactly what we tell you. Out of a
     desire to preserve the sanctity of her little blonde daughter,
     she nods enthusiastically. "Frank! Get the kid, Jenny, and her
     mother, Paula, and bring them outside. Now, the rest of you
     ladies will watch. If I see any of you, or your kids, looking
     away, you're dead-meat, comprendez? "

     Frank walks over to the sixth-grade girl, and wraps his hand
     around her pink-ribbonned brunette pig-tail. Effortlessly he
     raises his arm, and literally lifts the screaming girl from her
     seat, and into the air. Jenny's mom, Paula, crying out, runs up
     to her swaying daughter, and tries to grab her, but instead gets
     a hard kick in the groin. She falls to the floor, and feels
     Franks free hand grab her foot, and start dragging her along the
     isle.


     Samantha obediently leads Frank as they leave the bus, the other
     woman bouncing harshly on the steps as she's dragged along, her
     summer frock now pulled up so as to cover her face and expose her
     long, stockinged legs. Her pretty little daughter cries from the
     pain that's being inflicted on her scalp and her hanging body
     bruises as it bangs against the seats.

     While Frank suspends the pretty little ten year old, Joe takes
     her mum, Paula, and ties her, spread-eagled between two posts the
     stand in a clearing outside of the building. Using his enormous
     strength he tightens the ropes until her shoulders and thighs are
     at the point of dislocation. Next to one pole is a small
     tattooing device. Picking it up, in his right hand, and holding
     her head still with his left, he starts using it to write a
     permanent message on her pale cheek. As he moves away and holds a
     mirror to Paula's face, she sees that "JOE'S SLUT" is indelibly
     printed on each cheek with "PLEASE FUCK MY CHILD" inscribed
     across her forehead. The text is sufficiently large to be read
     from the bus, and at the drivers command, the woman start sadly
     applauding his artwork.

     Meanwhile Samantha kneels in the clearing, holding ten-year old
     Jenny in her arms, the poor kid weeping into her shoulder as she
     observes the defilement of her mother. Frank has taken a length
     of rubber garden hose and is using the axe to chop it into small
     12-18" lengths. He turns to Samantha. "You know what to do?" "Yes
     - this is going to be an awful thing - I feel so cruel - Do you
     promise to leave my baby, Maria unharmed?" the woman responds.
     "Listen Slut, I don't need to promise anything, but yeah, sure,
     we'll leave your little bimbo alone".

     With that, he passes a small bag, and one of the lengths of pipe
     to Samantha. Taking the little girls arms, and pulling them
     behind her back, the pretty woman removes a pair of hand-cuffs
     from the bag. With a snap, she uses them to restrain the little
     brunette. She then uses a hammer to knock two iron pegs to the
     ground, spaced apart by two or three foot. "Lie on your back
     Jenny. Do as your told or your mummy will be hurt a lot more".
     The little girl, tears running down her cute dimpled cheeks, lies
     down her legs between the two stakes. Samantha reaches into the
     bag, taking two lengths of twine, and starts rolling them round
     the girl's slim legs from just above to just below the knees.

     When she's completed she takes one knee, and ties together the
     two loose ends of the nylon twine, placing the loop she has
     created over one peg. Repeating this for the other knee and peg,
     the suffering little school-girl's legs are obscenely parted, her
     panty-clad pussy clearly visible to her mother, and the coach's
     passengers. From her own handbag, she pulls out a make-up case,
     and kneels next to the kids face. First she applies a layer of
     foundation, then rubbing a large amount of ruby red blusher onto
     each cheek. Pulling her eye-lashes straight, she applies mascara,
     making them appear big, and sort-of tarty. Finally, she uses some
     baby-pink lipstick on the baby-doll's lips until she looks like a
     little girl hooker, like Brooke Shields in Pretty Baby or Jodie
     Foster in Taxi Driver.

     With a pair of scissors, the young mother shortens her own dress
     until it extends down from her waist about 14 inches, the
     appearance being that of a cheer-leaders ra-ra skirt, before
     sitting astride her little victim. She kisses Jenny on the lips,
     before forcing her tongue between them. When the little girl
     tries to turn her head, she raises her hand and slaps her, hard,
     across her face, leaving a large red mark across one cheek. "Open
     your mouth baby" she whispers, finally holding her nose, closing
     the nostrils, and forcing her prey to gasp. Wasting no time, she
     uses the opportunity to slip one of the short lengths of pipe
     between her pink glossy lips, between her teeth, and down her
     throat, until 16 inches of plastic has slid into her mouth,
     leaving just a two inch tube exposed from her lips.

     The poor girl gags and convulses, her body trying to reject the
     tube that ends inside her neck, but Samantha is oblivious to
     this, now bringing a small tube of "super-glue" to the girl's
     face. Into each nostril, she spurts a globule of the skin-bonding
     adhesive, then holds them closed for 10 seconds to give the glue
     time to set. She repeats this around the little-girl's pink lips,
     squeezing them against the tube, until she can only breath
     through the pipe.

     Giving the child a minute to learn how to breath Samantha moves
     astride the little girl's head, one knee to each side. Reaching
     down below the hem of her abbreviated dress, she pulls her pink
     bikini panties down to her mid thigh, then uses the scissors on
     her submissive victim's gymslip. Starting at one of the loops of
     material that cross her shoulders, she snips away at cute kid's
     blouse and dress, until a split runs from her neck to her waist
     then pulls the two halfs apart. The top half of her nymphet young
     body is exposed to the onlookers, from the waist of her panties,
     up to her flat girlish breasts. Her little-girl nipples stand out
     as adrenalin pumps through her, and her tummy pushes up, as,
     having removed one final item, Samantha pushes the lumpy bag
     under the small of her back.

     Waving this final item to the coach, then with a smile, to the
     girl's hysterical mother, she presents a short thin horse-whip.
     Raising it to the air, she lands it accurately across her little
     bimbo's nipples, up again, then again down on her little round
     tummy. Each lash leaves a deep crimson mark on the victim's flesh
     her body soon crisscrossed with angry looking welts.

     Samantha is ready to move onto the second part of the punishment,
     as she spreads her labia, and slowly lowers herself over the
     school-girl's face. As she presses her clitoris against the open
     end of the pipe, Samantha feels the pleasant sensation of the
     girls strained breathing sucking and blowing at the restricted
     air-flow. As she starts to feel horny, she does as she's been
     ordered, and using the fingers of her free hand, inserts the pipe
     into her pussy, until her crotch is firmly pressed against the
     girls face. Her vagina contracts and expands against the girls
     vein attempts to breath, and she begins to feel an on-coming
     orgasm. "OK Samantha, that's enough" orders Frank, seeing the
     ten-year old's contorted face. "No...NO!" Complains Sam. "I'm
     almost coming!". She fucks the sucking piece of pipe, up and
     down, not allowing it to leave her pussy, and repeats the
     thrashing of the young girls nipples, until blood starts to seep
     from them.


     "Samantha...STOP!" yells a woman from the bus, as Jenny's face
     starts to turn blue, and her movements become less pronounced.
     "I'M....I'M ALMOST THERE" shrieks Samantha, her fingers now
     frantically masturbating her blood filled clitoris, until with a
     cry of ecstasy she pulls off the pipe with an audible "pop".
     Turning round she sees Jenny motionless, her face showing a feint
     tint of blue, with little silver trails of girl-cum dripping down
     her cheeks. Hit by the realisation of what she has done, she
     cries, then start blowing on the pipe, then pressing on Jenny's
     chest, attempting to revive her. "Not so fast!" says Frank,
     grabbing her bobbing head. "Piss into it first". "Oh No!" she
     replies, now feeling like she wished the earth would swallow her
     up. "The longer you leave it, the less chance she's got!" says
     Frank, a wicked glint in his eye.

     Recognizing this as her only opportunity, Samantha stood over the
     pipe, then, with a grunt, release a stream of golden urine onto
     the girls cut body. "Into the tube Samantha!" ordered Frank, and
     she stepped back, until the smelly piss poured into the tubes
     narrow opening. Sam's urethra hurt as she emptied her bladder,
     then returned her lips to the pipe. The stench of urine, coming
     from the pipe was unbearable, but she blew and sucked, until the
     little girl's body started to spasm in activity.  Frank held
     Sam's head down, her mouth encircling the tube, until with a
     series of convulsions, Jenny coughed up the urine filled contents
     of her lungs, followed by the contents of her stomach. Sam gulped
     down her own urine, concentrating to prevent herself from
     gagging, then realised that nothing more was coming from the
     pipe. "It's blocked!" she screamed. "It's full her sick! What can
     I do". "Suck baby!" replied Frank. "And don't swallow!" Samantha
     slowly sucked the sick out of the pipe, her cheeks initially
     hollowed, but filling as her mouth accepted the previous contents
     of Jenny's stomach. As the last lump popped into her mouth, Frank
     pulled her back, seeing that the little girl was now, at least
     shallowly, breathing. "Now baby, lets go and see her mummy shall
     we?" He took Sam's hand, and led her over to where the mother was
     tied, her eyes glazed from the sight she had been forced to
     witness. "If you really care about your little girl, you'll give
     Paula your fist, the whip, and the contents of your mouth. OK?"

     Samantha looked at the woman, stretched like a rag-doll before
     her, and wished she'd never been born. Joe passed her a whip,
     much longer than the horse whip she'd used on little Jenny, with
     several small leaded tails at the end of its length. She couldn't
     hold the sick in her mouth for much longer, feeling it start to
     drip down her chin, so raising the cruel whip, she lashed it into
     the woman who must feel so much hate for her.

     The tails hit Paula's breasts and stomach, tearing at the skin,
     and leaving trails of blood from a single strike. Again she
     raised the whip, this time aiming lower, and ripping at her lower
     abdomen, pussy, and thighs. By the twentieth lash, the woman had
     fainted, a pool of blood at her feet, her body scared for life.

     "Now Samantha, fuck her with your fist." Samantha knelt before
     Paula, whilst Joe revived the tied-up slave with smelling salts.
     Cutting away at the front of her dress, Sam cut through her
     panties, to expose her small blonde bush. Samantha immediately
     pushed three fingers into the women's tight, and moist vagina,
     then her pinky, finally followed by her thumb. With all her might
     she thrust upwards, her hand vanishing to well past the wrist,
     until she touched the women's cervix. Guessing where she was
     Frank told her to continue, and she pushed her slip fingers
     between the cervix and into her womb, curling her fingers as they
     touched the cavities walls and finally getting her whole fist
     inside.

     The woman was screaming and yelling in complete agony, as her
     organs were stretched to an extent that even child-birth couldn't
     achieve, and unlike a pregnant woman who had nine months to
     stretch, she had to accommodate this intrusion in nine seconds.
     As Samantha stretched her thumb and pinky into the woman's
     fallopian tubes, the poor tattooed slut lost control of her
     bodily functions, releasing a spray of urine over Sam's face, and
     excreting down the side of her arm. "You Bitch!" yelled Samantha,
     re-clenching her fist, and with a sharp pull, extracting her arm
     from the woman. She felt the womb following her fist almost until
     her hand reappeared, and she knew that her uterus was severely
     prolapsed. "No more babies for you!" Sam commented, as, standing
     up, she pulled the women's lips apart, and bringing her lips to
     her slaves, emptied the contents of her own mouth into that of
     the woman's. As the results of the child's retching were
     transferred from lips to lips, some slipped out pasted against
     their young faces.

     As Samantha stood back, Frank moved forwards, and with a long
     knife, cut through the ropes that suspended Paula, allowing the
     poor slut to collapse onto the sandy ground, clutching at her
     groin.

Ian was completely immersed in the story, astounded that Sophie would
have such obscene ideas, yet turned on immensely. Despite the slow
pace of Sophie's wanking he knew her would soon ejaculate, and grabbed
her hand. "Make me cum Sophie" he asked, the cute blonde nodding and
turning the slow movement of her fist into a frantic shake. She sits
up, and manoeuvres herself over his cock, impaling herself onto it.
Fingering his balls, and squeezing her full breasts, she bounces up
and down, until Ian fills her pussy with his sperm.

"I liked the story Sophie. Is it finished now?"

"No way Ian babes. Remember little Maria? Can you begin to imagine
what Paula would do to her given the chance. Can you guess what the
kidnappers might make Maria and Jenny do to each other? All I need are
a few ideas, and I'll tell you the rest!" With that she kissed Ian,
the went to the kitchen to prepare some supper.


===

Part 5

As Sophie prepared a meal for him, Ian's thoughts returned to his
other little girl-friend, twelve year old Juliette. He found himself
in something of a dilemma. Sophie would go up the wall, if she found
out about Juliette. In fact, given the story she'd just dreamt up, he
found the potential consequences quite horrifying!

Unlike Soph, Juliette couldn't be considered a slut. In fact she was
as innocent and naive as they came, though the apparent subservience
of her letter suggested that she'd do pretty much anything that made
him feel good. He begin to wonder what he might do that would allow
him the pleasure of both girl's services at the same time.

Sophie walked in, a little trail of cum running from the inside of her
thigh, down to her knees. "Ian darling. I've made you some dinner!".
Ushering me to the dining table, she presented a plate of Steak au
Poivre and vegetables, with a bottle of french Chablis. "Mum will kill
me when she sees the wine's missing. Still, you know I only want the
best for you babes." I was no connoisseur, but this girl could cook,
and we both enjoyed the immaculately cooked meal.

As we completed the main course, I poured and drank the last drop of
Chablis. Seeing the empty glasses, my cute fifteen year old waitress
asks whether I want to open another bottle. "I think Dad keeps his
wine in the cellar. Do you want to choose one?". I was beginning to
develop a taste for the expensive food and drink, so nodded, and
followed Sophie to the hall, and down the stone cellar steps.

As we reached the foot of the old house's foundations, Sophie flicked
on the light-switch and gasped. The large stone walled room, certainly
did contain a tall rack of wine bottles. However, the cause of
Sophie's gasp was an array of pornographic posters, whips, and chains
that hung from the walls. "Your mom and dad must spend a lot of time
down here!" I said, sniggering. Sophie blushed, but scanned around the
room, noticing a large trunk placed in one corner.

Whilst I removed the cork from a bottle of wine, Sophie wandered over
to the trunk and opened it. She pulled out a thick sheep-skin rug that
covered its contents, waving it, then allowing it to drop to the
floor. Her next discovery seemed to be a bunch of black silk.
"Wow...It's from the party" she exclaimed. I must have looked blank,
since she continued "I had a fancy dress party to celebrate my
fourteenth birthday. My sister wore this. It's a french-maid costume."
As the held up the outfit, I saw that it was tiny, maybe 2' from top
to bottom. "How old's your sister Sophie?" "Oh, Melissa's only ten.
Don't you think that its cute?" "Sure is" I responded, wondering what
the hell her mom and dad were doing with it stashed in this apparent
den of iniquities.

Dropping the little dress to her feet, SOphie took the bottle of red-
wine from my hands. Lifting it to her pouty pink lips, she took a gulp
of wine, most of it running down her chin and staining the kimono.
"What is it about you Ian? I just want to be dirty when you're with
me..." she said, smiling. "Do you like it?".

"Yup Sophie. I guess I do.". As I spoke, I felt the urge to fuck the
girl re-awakening in my groin. Sophie was gazing at the distinctive
bulge with interest, as she pulled out a couple of magazines, and a
thick, leather-bound photo-album from the trunk.

As she peeked inside the magazines and album her eyes widened. "Shit!"
she exclaimed. "What is it I?" I asked, but re-closing the covers, she
shook her head. "You can look at them later. You just lie down on the
rug, and let me go and fetch the desert!".

For reasons unbeknown to me, she picked up the little black-silk
maid's dress before venturing up the stairs, as I looked around the
room. Placed on a small table nearby was a CD-Player, so picking out
an INXS album, I inserted the disc, hit the 'play' button, and filled
a large tumbler with some more wine.

As I lay back, listening to the music, I finished the glass, refilled
it and soon had finished the bottle. I was starting to feel distinctly
tipsy, as I closed my eyes, waiting for Sophie's return.

I don't know how long I slept, maybe an hour, maybe two. Anyway, when
I felt a hand caressing my long, hard cock, and the cold on my legs
(suggesting that my pants had somehow been removed) I guessed she was
back, and opened my eyes. Unsure of the sight in front of me, I
blinked, then looked again. Sophie had stood up, to my side, and,
carrying a small tray, had somehow dressed herself in the tiny fancy-
dress french-maid's costume!

The black satin was unbelievably tight around her torso, its little
puffed lace-trimmed shoulders digging into the flesh of her upper arm.
Just below a pink-ribbon choker that surrounded her neck, the two
nipples of her full breasts peeked out. The costume had been designed
for a flat-chested little girl, and the only way she could fit inside
of it, was through allowing her tits to be pulled way up, their upper
mounds bulging out of the frilled neck.  As I looked on, she simply
lowered her chin, keeping her arms subserviently behind her back, and
licked the two exposed little pink erect nipples at once with a slow
swipe of her tongue.

As my eyes looked down the dress, I saw its flared skirt and multiple
frilly under-skirts start halfway down her stomach, their hem
finishing just high enough to expose a narrow length of skin above a
tight pair of panties. A suspender-belt held up a pair of white fish-
net stockings, terminating in a pair of cute victorian-style ankle
boots that tightly clasped her feet.

She did a quick twirl for me, the many skirts riding up horizontal,
and I was shocked to notice how deeply the panties dug in to the young
flesh of her nubile bottom. Registering my concern she said "The
panties are Melissa's too" with a smile. "Do you think that they're
too small for me?" I wasn't going to complain. I found the bondage
imposed by the far-too-small costume to be very sexy, and smiled so
that she knew I approved.

"Can we play a game Ian? I want to be your docile, subservient naughty
french maid, and you can be my rich English Lord and master!". "Sure!"
I replied. Standing up from the rug, I walked to, and sat down on, a
deep red leather arm-chair that was placed in a corner of her parent's
make-believe 'dungeon'. Relaxing deep into the seat, I joined in the
game, ordering my pretty, blonde slave-girl to bring me my desert.

Keeping her legs together and straight, she bent down and picked up
the tray. Her ass towards me, I enjoyed the sight of the black silk
dress, and white lace underskirts as they popped up, revealing the
panties deeply pulled between the cheeks of her ass. The tight
knickers even penetrated the cleft of her labia, providing a clear
view of her blonde-downed cunt for my pleasure.

Turning round, eyes subserviently down, she walked towards me, swaying
her lithe young hips with each step. "Your desert master" she
commented demurely, placing the tray on my lap. I took a mouthful of
it, and realised that she trifle tasted like she'd made it with pure
alcohol. "You call this desert!" I exclaimed, playing the game. With
that I raised the dish, and emptied the results of her culinary
efforts onto the dusty stone cellar floor.

She smiled, then returning to her part, mouthed a coy pout. "Must I
lick it up master?" she asked, the desire in her voice far to obvious
to be mistaken. "Yes my little french tramp!". "I know that I'm a
tramp master. I'm a whore, a brazen hussy, a strumpet, and I don;t
know why you keep me. I deserve to be punished my lord. " Before
kneeling on the floor, the took one of the small canes  that hung onto
the cellar walls, and passed it to me.

As she lowered her sweet young face to the mess on the floor, her
skirts rose up, and without leaving my chair I brought the cane hard
down on her pantied buttocks. "Lick it up you dirty bimbo slut!" I
ordered, as she rubbed her face into the dusty mess of fruit, jello,
and sponge her cute pink tongue lapping away. "I deserve worse than
this Lord. You are too easy on me, and I will never learn to be
better." Needing no further encouragement, I repeated the thrashing of
her buttocks, enjoying the Swish and Crack as the cane did its worse.

After ten or fifteen swipes, I realised that the wine had taken its
toll on me. "Sophie - will you stop for a moment - I need to use the
john" I said, but she wasn't going to leave her character that easily.
Her eyes sparkled with delight as she looked up, saying "No my lord. I
should be your toilet. You must teach me that it is all I'm worth!"
Her face was covered in the trifle remains as she spoke, some of it
dripping onto the lace apron that fronted the costume. As I stood up,
she eased down my underpants, taking my soft penis between her
fingers.

I tried to release my full bladder but it wouldn't work. "I can't
Sophie - It's too filthy!". "Aww, Please Ian? Please try for me?" she
said in a little girl voice. My prick pointed towards the apron, I
finally felt a jerk, and a small shower of piss erupted, landing on
her apron and thighs. She immediately brought her tongue to my cock-
head, licking the droplets of urine that remained. "Yes Ian.... Yes
Please!" she exclaimed, as, unable to prevent it, my bladder released
and a steady stream of pee started to pour into her mouth. She took a
gulp, then moved her hair under the flow, then sprayed the steamy
yellow smelly liquid over her face, smearing her carefully applied
make-up. As the pressure of the flow started to drop, she took my
prick back into her mouth, closing her lips around it, and with her
adams apple bobbing up and down, started swallowing my pee.

Only after the last drop of piss had been sucked from my cock, did she
stop to breath for air. Her hair was soaked to the scalp, little
trails of piss dried on her face, and the maids costume showed patches
of a vague yellow hue. As she knelt, looking up at me, she said
"Master, I need also to piss. What shall I do?". "I don;t know" I
replied. "What do you suggest?".

The slutty nymphet, wandered over to a sofa and picked a small
cushion. Returning to the crate, she closed its lid, then placed the
cushion on the floor by its side. I couldn't guess what her intention
was, but guessed it would be dirty.

Lying on the floor, her head on the cushion, she raised her legs onto
the crate, then, arching her legs and back and pushing towards the
crate with her hands, she lifted her cute behind so that it sat on the
wooden box. Her head, remaining on the floor, was 2-3 ' lower than her
ass, her body angled at 45 degrees. She then pulled her knees back,
until they touched her breasts, her thighs slightly parted in a baby-
doll pose. Pushing a hand under her tight panties, she grunted, and at
first I didn't understand what she was doing. It then became clear, as
a dark stain of urine begin to soak into the pretty, cotton, briefs.

Soon, a little stream of urine was visible, running onto her tummy and
under the bodice of her dress, before rea-appearing between her
crushed breasts. Angling her neck, she opened her mouth, putting her
tongue to this high cleavage, and started lapping at her own warm
urine. Some missed her tongue, running into the locks of her hair,
before dripping into the soft cushion on which she lay. As she tried
to swallow, the pungent liquid made her cough, bringing urine up
through her nose. Sometimes the stream would dribble around her mouth,
into her pretty blue eyes, that reddened as she resolutely kept them
open.

This had to be the most sluttish exhibition I had ever seen a girl
perform. And that included pictures of old-tarts giving donkeys a
blow-job. Of course, my S&M novel went further, as did Sophie's story
about the school-girls, but the difference was that this was real, and
she was in ecstasy! I could see her finger furiously rubbing her
clitoris, under the wet, and now transparent, panties. As the stream
of urine diminished, her body jerked in the throes of orgasm, and
turning her head she smiled, and blew me a kiss, a drop of orange
piss, running from the corner of her slightly parted lips.

"Did that please you master?" she asked. I nodded, but looked down at
my penis that stood erect and throbbing between my thighs. "Bring me
the books you were looking at now, Slave" I asked. Shaking her head
she replied "No my Lord, I can't do that." "Sophie? Did you just
disagree with me?"

"Yes I did" she said quietly. "I shouldn't have done. It was very bad
of me. You must cane me again". She lifted her damp middle finger to
her lips, and sucked its end cutely. Walking to the wall, she selected
a small leather strap, and handed it to me. Then, returning to the
wall, she slipped a wrist into a small manacle that was attached via a
chain to the thick stone wall. "Master, I am worried that I may cry
out or try to move, and that would be naughty. I must be restrained
and gagged." I couldn't see anything with which to gag her, and told
her so. "There is something Master". "What?" I asked. "My panties
master..."

Without waiting for my assistance, she used her free hand to peel off
the piss and cum soaked cotton knickers, stepping out of them. "Once I
am gagged I won;t be able to tell you when to stop Lord. I think that
it is good for me to be completely at your mercy. You will be able to
do absolutely anything to me, and I deserve the harshest punishment."
With that, she lifted the panties to her lips, pushing them in,
between them, until her cheeks bulged with the sodden material.

I wasn't too sure about going through with this. I knew that I was
very highly sexed, but Sophie made me feel like a virgin. Her eyes
pleading with me, I wandered to her, and snapped shut the other
manacle. Putting on a show for me, she rested her cheek against the
cold stone wall, arched her back, and widely parted her long straight
legs, her little boots pointing slightly inwards.

Raising the little whip, I started by thrashing her ass until it was a
wonderful deep shade of pink, then moved my blows lower, hitting the
backs of her legs between the stocking-tops and the lower curve of her
buns. The harder I struck, the more she arched her back, pushing her
sweet behind towards the pain-inflicting tawse. As my arm tired, I
finished with a few sweeping undercuts, directing the whip up into the
valley of her young cunt, and making her jump in the air with pain.
Finally I opened the manacles, and released her, and with a few
quavering steps, she collapsed onto the rug.

"Are you alright Sophie?" I asked, rushing to her. Tears came from her
eyes, but she was smiling. "Yes Ian, that was lovely."

After fetching some baby-lotion from the upstairs kitchen, I helped
her out of the dress, and saw deep red marks where the tight material
had bit into her. Placing her on her stomach, I rubbed the lotion into
her sore ass, allowing by fingers to run between the crevice of her
cheeks, and enter her tight little bottom-hole. I positioned the head
of my penis into the cleft, and let her feel it, poised at the
entrance. "Go on Ian" she whispered. "Please, fill my ass with your
love." I easily slid into her tight rectum, aided by the slippery
cream, and massaged her shoulders as I pistonned in and out. After
moments, I felt myself cumming, and, pulling out, thrust myself into
her sweet warm cunt, and filled it with my juices.

After laying together for some time, Sophie took my hand, and moved me
to the steps, pausing briefly to collect the magazines and album from
the floor. From the hall, we took a second flight of steps, and after
putting my clean clothes in her bedroom, and her soiled costumes in
the washer, we took a quick shower, then climbed into bed. Together,
the two of us slept quickly, and soundly, exhausted from our antics of
the day.

When I woke the following morning, my penis was standing hard and
upright, revigorated from a good night's sleep. "Good Morning Ian"
said Sophie. Even when I saw her stood next to the bed, in a short
white night-shirt I wondered if the previous day's events had all been
a dream. Then, placed on her dressing-table I noticed first, her pink
and blue woollen dress, the stains visible even to my bleary eyes, and
next to it the magazines and book from her parent's cellar.

As she walked to the window, opening the curtains and filling the room
with sun-light, I could see the soft-sillohette of her body and thighs
beneath the white material of her bed shirt. My eager-to-please,
platinum blonde fifteen year-old, had made me a coffee and some toast,
so as I enjoyed my breakfast-in-bed I asked her about the magazines
and album. "Sophie? Why wouldn't you let me see them?" "Let me show
them to you Ian, then you'll understand."

She placed them on a bed-side cabinet, then slid into bed next to me.
Placing a pillow under my head, I sat up, as she passed me the first
magazine. From its cover, I could see that it was some sort of
specialist bondage title, a pretty young blonde woman hog-tied up on
the floor, a large red ball-gag filling her mouth. As I flicked
through it, I saw that the magazine showed a tale of bondage, starting
with the fully-dressed blonde visiting an unknown customer in a hotel
room. The final photographs, showed her naked, suspended from a hook
in the room's ceiling, her body tightly roped, with silver clamps
attached to her nipples and clitoris. The photographs were quite well
shot, soft-focus, and pretty despite their hard subject material.

"Well?" I asked. "They're not that bad Sophie. Did you think that
they'd shock me?" "No!" replied Sophie. "But don't you realise?
They're of Mummy!"

I must have blushed, for she added "don't worry Ian, I think they're
quite nice in a funny sort of way. She only looks about 20, they must
have been taken just after I was born, yet her body looks good doesn't
it!" I had to agree, and smiled. "The other's are worse though Ian"
she told me, passing the second magazine.

It bore the title "Baby-Doll" and was filled with photographs of
apparently young girls. Some of them looked rather silly, a bit like
Sophie in the french-maid costume, girls in their late teens, sucking
their thumbs, and dressed in little-girl smocks. Other's, however,
were more convincing, their almost flat chests reminding me of
Juliette. "Who's in this one?" I asked, preparing myself for the
worst. "Oh, no-one. It just helps explain Mom and Dad's interests."
Indicating that I didn't understand, she passed the photo-album,
opening it on my lap.

It was filled with pages of photographs of Sophie, her sister, and
other young girls, in various states of undress. Most were fairly
innocuous - pictures of the two pre-pubescent sisters playing in the
bath, carefully washing each other's bodies. Other's had clearly been
taken with hidden camera's, one showing a naked fourteen year-old
Sophie, lying on her bed, her middle finger pressed deep into her
pussy as she enjoyed a private masturbate. "The worst ones are at the
back" she told me as I flicked through the pages." The final set of
photographs showed her in bed with her little sister, apparently
whilst they were on vacation in Canada. The two young girls were fast
asleep, but standing to their side was Sophie's father, his penis
poking out from his pants. His fist was wrapped around the long cock,
and the second photograph showed a spray of cum arcing towards the
girls' sweet young faces. A final pair of close-ups revealed little
globules of cum in their hair and on their faces, as they slept on,
oblivious.

"You must feel awful Sophie" I told her, but she shook her head. "He
should have told me", she said. "He's a nice man, and I love him. I
would have let him fuck me if he'd asked. It just makes me feel a
little shy, and its a bit of a shock..."

"Your sister looks lovely though!" I commented, and she turned to me
and smiled. "She's very pretty isn't she. But little girl's usually
are at that age. Still Ian, you can't have her. I want her to make her
own mind up about boys, and sex, when she's good and ready."

"Do you like other girls though Soph?" I asked, wondering if my line
of questioning would lead to tears. "I don't know really" she replied.
"I look at Melissa's pictures, and think maybe, if I felt really
horny, I would enjoy making love to her. But I wouldn't because she's
my sister and I don't think it would be right. Why do you ask?"

I knew then that it was time to tell her about Juliette.

===

Part 5

As Sophie and I lay together, I decided it was time to break the news
about my night with Juliette.

"Sophie... You'd do anything for me wouldn't you" I asked. "You know I
would Ian" she replied, licking her lips. "Do you want to piss on me
again?"

"Slut..." I laughed. "No, that's not it. Well...you know...hmmm". I
was labouring on, trying to find a way to break the news that I'd been
unfaithful to this fifteen year old blonde nymphomaniac.

"I slept with another girl on Sunday". There. It was said. I looked
over at Sophie listening for her reaction, though when it came, it was
with a hard slap across my face.

"YOU BASTARD!" she yelled, tears running down her face. "Who is the
bitch? Is it that slut April? I'll kill the slag, really, I will!"

"Calm down Sophie" I said, my face still smarting. "It's not April".
April was an ex-girlfriend, a dirty 16 year old punkette girl, who'd
introduced me, and half the guys at school, to the sensation of a good
blow-job. "It's Juliette. You know, Jimmy Konig's kid sister".

At this Sophie appeared to relax. "Juliette Konig? You mean that
little brunette kid? Shit Ian, she's only in 7th grade, you cradle-
snatching pervert! That doesn't let her off the hook though. I'll make
her suffer..."

I suddenly felt angry with the slut. Who was Sophie to tell me what I
could and couldn't do? Anyway, Juliette hadn't known about her, and
certainly didn't deserve to face the wrath of Sophie because of a
single innocent night of love. "I don't need to take this Sophie. Fuck
off and find someone else to play your slutty games with. I'm going
home."

Sophie suddenly went quiet and threw her arms around me. "Oh Ian...I'm
sorry... Don't finish with me - remember I'm your slave girl, and
you've got to look after me...". "Alright" I told her. "But I'm going
home anyway. I might call you later... Meanwhile see if you can steal
some of that stuff from the cellar, in case we want to play some more
games another day."

Sophie smiled demurely, and nodded, as I dressed and prepared to
leave. As I walked out she pressed a photograph into my hand. Kissing
me, she said "It's for your collection Ian. My little ten year old
sister, Melissa. I guess this is to tell you that you can have her
when you're ready. I'm sorry for getting cross, and this is my way of
apologising."

When I reached the house, I found it empty, a note quickly scribbled
and placed on my bedroom door.

     "Dear Ian,
     Your father's furious with you for leaving Judy alone last night.
     However, it seems that this time you've been lucky. Dad's
     mother's sick in Vancouver, so we're going up to sort her out,
     and have decided to stay up there for a few weeks and see some of
     the family.

     Since we obviously can't trust you to look after the house on
     your own, I've asked my sister to come over. I've locked up your
     bank-book and told her to spend your motor-bike money herself if
     you give her, or Judy, any trouble. Your father's told her that
     you only respond to hard punishment, so don't be surprised if
     that's how any wrong-doings are rewarded!

     Be good Ian, and we'll see you soon,

     Love, Mom."

"Fuck!" I thought allowed as I read the letter. Aunt Tina was OK, in
fact, from my memories of her, the Canadian woman was quite
attractive, and she was a lot younger than Mom. A few years ago, she'd
competed as an athlete for the Canadian Olympic team, and had been the
star of the family - the press-cuttings of this physically perfect
specimen of a woman had fast vanished from Mom's dresser into my stash
of fantasies.

When she became too old for the squad, she'd extended her fame by
having a short, messy relationship, with an ex-convict who'd ended up
beating her and running off with her medals. I'd never been entirely
sure why, but Dad had always seemed sympathetic to the fiance,
referring to her as 'that Canadian dyke', this infuriating Mom and
inevitably leading to arguments.

My anger was due to the bank-book black-mail. I'd been saving every
penny I could since I was fourteen, for a decent motor-bike, and in a
month would be finished. Now, all my efforts might be in vein. As my
thoughts wandered between anticipation of once again seeing my Aunt,
and concern about my plans for a black Kawasaki vanishing, I heard a
knock on the front door, ran down, and opened it.

"Hi IAN!" Aunt Tina had changed since the photographs had been taken
that I'd spent many a night fantasizing over. She was smaller than I
remembered, about 5'3 and had cut her long brunette hair short so that
she looked kind of boyish, (a bit like a singer on one of Judy's
posters, Jane Wiedlin). Her wide eyes, and cute snub-nose made her
look cute in a pixie type way, though with her well defined muscle
tone visible under fairly scant clothing I wouldn't care to mess with
her!

"Err, Hi Aunt Tina" I replied, as she marched in, leaving her
suitcases at the foot of the stairs. Grabbing my hand, she pulled me
into the kitchen, pushing herself up onto the table while I sat down.
"So what have you been up to, my little nephew?" she asked. "Actually,
let it wait, let's go into town and get a milk-shake together and we
can chat there!".
"Hmm. Aunty? Are you not going to get changed first?". My The 28 year
old Aunty was dressed in the tiniest pair of stretch-lycra running
shorts  her long legs apart, as she tapped a pair of Nike-Air boots,
their laces apparently missing, onto the kitchen floor. More
disturbing was the black running vest that hardly concealed a detail
of her over-sized breasts, high at the neck, but only just reaching
low enough to cover her prominent nipples. As she tapped her feet, the
shirt bounced up and down, and I was terrified her tits would 'fall
out' at any moment.

"Are you embarrassed with your Aunty?" she asked, laughing. "Well,
you'll just have to take me out as I am, because I can't be bothered
getting changed!"

When she drove to town, she inevitably chose my normal hang-out to buy
us a drink. The other guys watched her, as she walked in and ordered
two Bud's. "You're old enough now to enjoy a real drink with your
Aunty Tina" she told me, as we took a table, sitting opposite one
another.

She asked me about school, about my interest in motor-bikes, adding
that she'd bought one herself a year or two before. As we chatted a
couple of young girls, aged maybe 13 and 14 came in, obviously having
been to majorettes practice, from their short pleated skirts, and
little white boots. As I tried to keep my eyes off them, I saw Aunt
Tina blatantly move her head towards the counter, smiling brightly
when a gust of wind from the opening door caused the skirt hems to
flick up and reveal pairs of tight teenage panties. "Sexy kids huh?"
she said in a slightly husky voice. "Well, erm, sure Aunty" I replied,
confused by the strange woman.

I found myself increasingly able to answer her questions honestly, and
even told her about Sophie and Juliette when the "girl-friends"
question arose. I avoided too much detail, but she seemed happy
enough, telling me that we should arrange a dinner party so that the
two girls could meet and maybe make-up any differences.

As we prepared to leave, I heard the door open, and a silence descend
on the milk-bar's inhabitants. Looking over my shoulder, I saw two 17
year old's from school walk in, both guys with a bad reputation for
bullying the younger boys. "Here comes trouble" I told Aunty as she
followed my stair.  The two of them muttered an obscenity at the older
majorette, then spied Aunty and myself by the window. "Well if it
isn't our shit-for-brains friend Ian. Who's the slut you've got with
you today?" I'd been through this before, just ignoring them as they
tried to insult me in front of the respective girl. This time,
however, things were very different.

Aunt Tina stood up, and licked her lips at the boys. "Hey, forget Ian.
You're the kind of boys I want." Lifting her breasts as she spoke, she
said to the first, "go-on... touch them." As he reached forwards, she
raised one of her long athletic legs, and drove a pink sneaker deep
into his abdomen. As he folded to the floor, she kneed his dumbstruck
friend in the groin, toppled him over with a hand, then kicked his
face against the hard, tiled, cafe floor.

As she stood, victorious, over the two boys, the majorettes walked
over. "Gee ma'am. That was great!" "It's nothing kids, just what they
deserved" she told them as they looked up at her in awe. Aunt Tina
seemed kind of flushed, as she invited them to join us, the two guys
being dragged out by the bar's owner. He motioned to a waitress that
drinks were on the house, and soon we had a table full of bud's with a
few cokes for the younger girl.

"So girls, do you know my nephew Ian." They shook their heads, as
Aunty continued "He's a good looking guy, don't you think?". "Sure"
said the thirteen year-old. "Well, he's alright. But you're really
pretty ma'am." "Why Thank-You!" Aunty replied, reaching out, and after
brushing a blonde lock of hair from the cute girl's face brought her
hand to rest itself on the kid's bare young thighs. "You're a very
pretty little girl, yourself. Here, help yourself to the beer".

As the young teen downed her third bottle, and Aunty placed an arm
around her, the friend who'd been quietly observing these going's on
spoke up. "Nikki... Don't you think we should go now?". "No, not
yet... I'm not anyway." Aunty stopped any further concern by saying
that she'd drive the two girls home, but after dropping off the first,
turned into our street. "Nikki... Do you want to come in and join us
for a coffee?". "Sure! That would be great!" replied Aunties luscious
little catch, and soon the three of us were back inside the kitchen.

"So what do you do at majorettes practice Nikki?" asked my aunt,
sitting herself in front of me. "Gee..Well, we learn to play the
tambourine, and swing batons, then we do some dancing!" "Would you
show Ian and me your dancing?" she asked, the kid immediately agreeing
and proceeding to jump and twirl in the middle of the kitchen floor.
As I watched, I found myself becomming more aroused both from each
glimpse of the baby-doll's tight little knickers, and my own Aunty's
obvious interest in them. I felt aunties sneaker moving up from
between my feet to the crotch of my jeans.

Dirty Nikki was relishing our interest, and as she pirouetted would
flick up her short blue and yellow ra-ra skirt so that Aunt Tina could
enjoy a sustained show of the cotton panties that hugged her skin so
tightly. As a finale the kid turned her head towards my pretty Aunty,
put her thumb cutely between her lips, pouting, and pushed a leg
forward, another backward,  as she lowered herself into the splits.
Aunty suddenly exclaimed at me.

"IAN! WHAT'S THAT BUMP BETWEEN YOUR LEGS?". "Wha...What Aunty?" I
replied nervously. She pulled her toe back, then kicked me hard in the
crotch. "OWWW" I yelled as she crushed my balls with the hard toe of a
Nike, causing me to topple backwards on my chair, and land on the
floor.

"YOU WERE IMAGINING THAT YOU WANTED TO FUCK POOR SWEET LITTLE NIKKI!"

Aunty stood over me, as she yelled, looking frightening but sexy with
a definite twinkle of excitement in her eyes. She pushed her thumbs
into the waist of her running shorts and peeled them to her ankles,
showing herself to be bare of both panties and pubic hair!

I found myself enjoying her dominance, and the air of sexuality that
she projected. "I..I didn't only want to fuck Nikki Aunty. I wanted to
fuck you as well". It was out before I could stop myself, Aunty
smiling as I, her sisters son, propositioned her.

"IAN! YOU'RE AN EVIL MAN! NIKKI AND I MUST PUNISH YOU FOR HAVING SUCH
BAD, BAD THOUGHTS." "Y-Y-Yes Aunty. You must...." Nikki was giggling
away at this spectacle, and at Aunty's command started removing my
shoes, while she pulled off my shirt, and loosened the waist of my
pants.

"Nikki, pull at his jeans for me darling". Nikki obediently tugged, my
Levi's slipping off to expose my hard penis to the pretty woman and
little blonde girl. Aunty took a length of clothes-line and soon had
my ankles individually tied to legs of the table, whilst my wrists
were tied together and stretched behind my head to a radiator pipe.

"Darling, sit on his face for me babes?" Little Nikki stood over my
face, smiling like it was her birthday, and spread her legs apart,
bringing her young pussy against my face. "Isn't his little willy
horrible Tina" said the little slut, as my nose pressed against the
thin material into the groove of her labia. "I like your pussy much
more! It looks a bit like mine but the bit that sticks out is much
nicer!" Aunt Tina's labia and clit protruded more than any other I'd
ever seen, and she played and tugged at it, as the kid looked on in
admiration. "Come to me baby" Aunt asked, laying herself on the floor,
her legs spread. "Aunty...please... finish me first" I pleaded, my
penis throbbing uselessly in the air. "Shut up Ian! Nikki, please
would you put your little panties into his mouth to shut him up?".

Nikki peeled them off then deftly pushed the sweat and girl-cum soaked
cotton into my mouth. After removing the rest of her outfit she lay
herself between the older woman's thighs, and writhed as Tina's
fingers went straight for her pert young ass. Aunty rolled over so
that she was on top of the kid, and lowered her head down to the
girl's little cunt, lapping at it furiously. The child was soon
emitting shrieks of pleasure as she enjoyed, maybe her first ever
orgasm, a tongue pressed deep into her pre-pubescent vagina.

"Let's help Ian cum baby-doll" said Aunty, picking a feather-duster up
from a cabinet, and flicking on the kettle to make a coffee. The two
naked girls, came tow me, this time Aunty lowering her dripping cunt
over my face. I immediately started licking up and down her cunt until
I felt a tickling sensation from Nikki running the duster up and down
my cock. "Touch me properly!" I tried to say, but the panties made it
come out as an undecipherable grunt. "What's wrong Ian? Do you want us
to stop?" asked Aunty, leaving me painfully on the verge of orgasm as
she squeezed Nikki's hand and walked back to make the coffee.

Nikki continued to move the feathers up and down the length of my rod,
sometimes flicking it at my balls, and the tickling sensation was
starting to change from being pleasant to agonising. As I repeatedly
neared the point of orgasm, my haunches would rise, and she'd withdraw
the duster, over and over again. "I think that your a pathetic little
man Ian!" said Nikki, enjoying my humiliation, as I thrust uselessly
at the feathers. Sweat was starting to drip from my body, as I heard
Aunt Tina say "Shall we let him cum now?" to cute Nikki.

My athletic dyke relation approached holding a steaming cup of black
coffee. "Ian - where are the spoons?" I tried to nod towards an
obvious drawer below the sink-unit but she ignored it. "What's that
Ian darling? You want me to use your penis?" I shook my head
vigourously, but she just continued to Nikki's obvious amusement. "YOU
DO? You're a tart Ian! It's ever so hot, and it will burn you
horribly!" I tried to twist away from my Aunt but she chose to
interpret it as some ecstatic spasm, and knelt between my spread
thighs.

Taking the base of my penis between her thumb and forefinger Aunt Tina
pulled it from its vertical erect stance down, until, feeling like it
would crack in two, it was pointing downwards, flush against my balls.
I was screaming against the sodden panties to no avail, when Aunty
immersed the exposed head into the scalding liquid, where, with a few
yanks of my foreskin, I spurted my load. As I ejaculated a genuine
orgasm filled me, and I felt spasm after spasm of cum shoot into the
coffee. "Ohhhh Yucky!" said the little-girl slut, enraptured with my
agony and ecstasy.

With this, Aunt Tina released me, my penis springing back up, and
pulled the panties from my mouth. My eyes were full of tears, but I
felt a strange calm from being placed in such a submissive role.

"Are you OK Ian" she asked, her eyes now looking kind and concerned.
"I'm OK Aunty. I hurt, but I want to hurt when I'm with you". "That's
good Ian. You'll be sore for a few days, but when you fuck your little
girl-friends I know you won't forget me! Now I'm going to take Nikki
home - you should go and rest in bed, but tomorrow I want you to
invite Sophie and Juliette over. Will you do that for your Aunty?"

"Sure" I told her, as I hobbled out, my cock burning while the two
girls laughed.


===

Part Seven
----------

After the episode with Aunt Tina and Nikki, I chose to leave it a few
days before fulfilling the request of inviting Sophie and Juliette
over for dinner.

I'd gone straight to bed after having my cock burnt by Aunty, feeling
pained but elated from my first experience of personal sexual pain.
Aunty had come into my room late, dressed in a little white teddy and
climbed into my bed. "Don't worry Ian, I'm going to look after you."
she'd told me, rubbing a soothing creme onto my sore penis, and
holding me in her arms as I fell to sleep.

When I awoke the following morning it was late, and I saw a note on my
Pillow telling me that break-fast was ready for me downstairs, along
with a little present. After pulling on my PJ's I rushed down and saw
my bank-book next to the toast, along with a small wrapped parcel.
First, I looked into the bank-book and saw that Aunty had credited an
extra $500 into my account, the amount I still needed for the bike! I
then picked up the small package that lay by its side. It felt
metallic and was quite small, easily fitting on the palm of my hand,
though I couldn't begin to guess as to its contents.

Ripping away at the adhesive tape, I found a key. What was it for? I
wondered, then on closer inspection saw the word "Kawasaki" embossed
on the plastic fob. She couldn't have could she? I wondered in
excitement. A door adjoined the kitchen to the garage, and I saw it
was slightly ajar. Walking to it, I pushed it open, and saw, stood in
the centre of the floor, two brand-new sparkling Karasaki KH-100
motor-bike's, one in black and the other customized in a deep hue of
pink. Aunty was sat astride the pink model, wearing a short tight
bikers jacket, made of white leather, with a tiny white leather figure
hugging mini-skirt. "Surprise!" she said smiling at my obvious
delight.

"Is it... Is it for me Aunty?" I asked, not believing that the
magnificent bike could be mine. "Sure it is Ian - and it hasn't cost
you a cent!" "Wow... " I ran up to her and kissed her warmly on the
lips, allowing my tongue to press into her mouth, and my arm to pull
her close to me. "Hey! Slow down kid... you've got to let your bits
get better before we play any of those games!" she told me with a
smile. "Thanks Aunty.. It's great. I don't mind what you did to me...
I love you Aunt, I feel I'd let you do anything if you really wanted."
"I know you would kid, and I will. I'd never do anything to you that
wouldn't get better though, you know that. Now, some of your little
friends might be a bit different, but you don't care do you?"

"Aunty, you can do what you like with any of them" I told her. "I'll
help you, really! Can we take the bikes out for a run?"

We drove to the city that afternoon, Aunty decking me out in a cool
leather bikers jacket, and black helmet, making me feel like Mad Max
the second. We had a great day, shopping for clothes for us both,
Aunty getting tons of lingerie, then taking me to the red-light part
of down-town as dusk begin to fall.

She seemed to know the various shops and clubs well. Our first stop
was a brightly lit shop called "Fantasy". They sold all sorts of sex
stuff, a cute blonde assistant rushing to serve us as soon as she saw
aunt, who obviously had a reputation as a good customer.

"Tina! Great to see you here again" she said. "And who are you?" she
asked looking at me. "This is my nephew, Ian" said Aunty, proudly. The
blonde kissed me, then told me how good-looking I was, and how lucky I
was to have an Aunt like Tina.

"So what can I get you both?" she asked. Aunty passed me a list she
had prepared. "Anything you want to add Ian?"

I looked at the wild list of costumes and sex-aids in astonishment and
interest.

     4 x Vibrators 4", 6", 12" and 14"
     1 x Spiked Vibrator           [hope its not for me I thought]
     1 x Vibrating Anal Probe      [don't mind if that is]
     1 x Gynaecologists Chair
     1 x Double Ended rubber dildo
     1 x 8" dildo gag
     1 x 16" vaginal forceps       [shit!]
     Assortment of 'costumes' to fit ages 7, 12, 15, and my size
          Include french-maid, nurse, school-girl, rubber body-suit
          baby-girl smocks, whore, pony-girl, tennis-costume etc.
          - Include some costumes for Ian...
     Assortment of drugs, eg Hard-On cream, Clit Stimulant,
          anaesthetics, acids etc
     Assortment of restrain and torture items as advised
     plus anything else you might recommend...

"Shit Aunty... We're going to have a good two weeks aren't we?"

The shop assistant was obviously thrilled with the order, and after
taking our address, promised the stuff would be delivered within 24
hours.

As we returned to the bikes outside, Aunt asked what I wanted to do
next. "Are you ready for some sex Ian?" "No Aunty" I replied, my cock
still stinging under the leather pants. "That's ok kid, How about if
we get ourselves a bite to eat in a little club I know, where they do
little shows. It's girls only, but I think they'll let you in just
this once". "Great Aunty" I replied, as she kick-started the bike, and
accelerated off.

It only took a few minuted to reach Aunt's club, though we had to
navigate through a series of small alleys, and dark narrow roads to
get there. The entrance was nondescript, no flashing neon outside, or
anything else that might suggest its contents.

She pressed a small bell on the door, and after a shutter sliding open
to check her identity, the door opened for us. A stunning red-haired
woman stood in the doorway. "TINA DARLING!" she exclaimed, hugging
Aunty. "IT's BEEN SO LONG?" Aunty hugged her back then made some
whispered explanation on who I was. "Well, why don't you come in, and
make yourself comfortable. I'll get the kitchen to prepare some
burgers, and you can be watching the show."
A series of perhaps 20 small tables surrounded a stage in the medium
sized room. The light was low, but I could see pretty maids, serving
drinks to the various guests. The silhouettes of these members made it
clear that they were all female, but I wasn't complaining, and trusted
Aunt's word that, tonight at least, I'd be safe.

We took a table, and relaxed into the circular sofa that surrounded
it. Almost immediately a beautiful 6"2 blonde approached us, dressed
in the tightest of maid's costumes, and knelt by Aunt's side. "What
can I get you Mistress?" she asked, her voice strangely husky. "We'll
both have beers" she replied. "Slut, before you get them, kneel on the
table, and lift the hem of your skirt."

The maid climbed up, and dutifully did as asked, and I was astonished
to see the vague outline of a penis and balls under a pair of frilly
pink knickers! "Oh shit!" I commented. "Get rid of him Aunty!"
"Pathetic isn't he" she replied. Reaching for a candle, she spoke to
him. "My nephew doesn't seem to like you very much! What do you make
of that?" "I should be punished Mistress" replied the TV, broadening
his thighs while she rested the candle between them. I watched, dumb-
struck as the panty material begin to burn, a wisp of smoke rising
from the poor guy's crotch. As his pubic hair ignited I punched him
hard in the face, knocking him off the table. "Aunty, it smells
dreadful!" I told her, as the maid crawled away with our order, his
hand cupping his singed balls, and his nose bleeding. She was smirking
like she was possessed. "That was cool Ian. Just treat them like shit
- that's what they want or they wouldn't be here!"

While we waited for the drinks, the stage curtain rose, and the
amazonian woman who'd answered the door took to the raised platform.
"Welcome Ladies! Tonight we have something very special for you - may
I present 'Little Bo Peep'". A wave of applause swept through the
room, as lights showed a backdrop of hills as if somewhere in the
country-side.

A sound of a little-girl's singing came from off-stage along with the
'baa' of a lamb or sheep. As it got louder Aunty whispered into my ear
"Don't worry about the kid Ian. Her mom's a whore, and the kid's been
doing dirty stuff since she was five! She loves it, really!"

A little blonde girl, aged no more than seven walked on, tugging at a
large lamb with one arm. Her strawberry blonde hair was up in two cute
pony-tails, and she wore a long dress, pale blue with white frills
running around a pinafore style apron, and down the folds of a
billowing skirt. As she reached the centre of the stage, she looked
around, as if checking that no-one was nearby, then sat on the ground.

Reaching forward to her shiny shoes, she pulled the laces and slipped
them off, then peeling down her frilly ankle socks. Reaching behind
her waist she unclipped the apron, then the dress, slipping it off
above her head, until all that she wore was a tight pair of panties.
After pulling her panties down to her knees, she offered a deliciously
gawky little pose, her knees inwards from her feet, her head bowed,
and a finger between her lips.

She looked up at the audience. "What shall I do?" she asked. "Let the
lamb lick you!" yelled one of the lesbians, many of whom seemed to be
enjoying the use of vibrators from the buzzing that now filled the
room. "Yeah! Go on little girl!" shouted another, as the cute kid
pulled at the lamb, until its head was nustled between her lithe pink
thighs. Soon she had wrapped her shapely girlish legs around the
lamb's neck, and the audience could see it's tongue lapping at her
tiny labia. The kid pinched at her erect nipples and shook her blonde
bunches from side to side as if in a constant state of orgasm, though
guven her age this seemed unlikely to be real.

Our drinks and meal were brought by the same she-male maid as before,
his eyes looking frightened after the previous visit. Aunty let him
lay down the food, waited until he turned, then deftly flicked up his
short black silk skirt, and thrust her fork into a buttock. A
bloodstain immediately appeared in the tight knickers he wore, but she
just laughed and let him leave. "I'm a bitch aren't I Ian?" I nodded,
not really caring what atrocities she might wish to inflict on this
pathetic specimin of a man.

The kid on stage was still playing with her pet, her hands now pushing
apart its rear legs while she tried to push her tongue into its brown
anus. "C'mon Ian - lets go..." said Aunty. I wanted to see what
happened to the seven year old school-girl but she said she was tired.
"It's always the same anyway. She'll end up with it fucking her.
Christ knows what most of the girls here see in it. They wouldn't let
a cock near them in a million years." "Would you Aunty?" I asked.
"Well not normally Ian, but I'd let you fuck me darling."

We left the place, Aunty promising to bring me again one Saturday,
when she said the show was a lot 'harder'. I got a buzz seeing the two
bikes stood outside, and realising that one was mine, gave Aunty a
hug. "Go on Ian. Leave out the sentimental stuff, and let's get
home!".

Before I went upstairs to bed that night, Aunt Tina suggested that the
following evening we should invite Juliette and Sophie over for
dinner. "I can't phone Juliette" I told her - "You know... her brother
might answer... it would be awkward". "Alright... I'll phone her. Hmm.
It might be best if her mum didn't know where she was". I couldn't
pretend to guess her motives, but decided it would be best to let her
get on with it! "Ian, what's the name of the headmistress at
Juliette's school?" "I don't know - it's the same as Judy's though". I
flicked through the book, and found the St Augustus entry in the book.
"Mrs Brown" I told her.

Tina phoned the number as I read it out from the directory. "Hello, Is
that Mrs Konig?..... Great, this is Mrs Brown at St Augustus. I wanted
to ask if Juliette could join us for a party we're holding tomorrow.
One of the teachers is leaving, and we'd like Juliette to sing......
You don't think so? She's got a great voice!..... Well, anyway, I'll
ask one of our teachers to pick her up at 6.00..... Have her wear
something pretty will you? Maybe in pink so that it will match with
the others..... Yes, it will be late, maybe after midnight, but we'll
bring her home..... Super..... Bye!"

"I'm collecting her at 6.00!" remarked my Aunty, her purposes starting
to dawn on me. I called Sophie, and told her about the bike, and the
arrival of my Aunty. Tina asked me to give her some indication of what
we'd been up to, so I recounted the tales of the milk-bar, the
majorettes, and today's trip to the night-club. Sophie gasped as I
spoke. "Wow Ian... she sounds great!" she told me. "This makes me feel
so horny - I'll be there!"

Aunty motioned to me that she wanted to speak to Sophie herself. "Hi!
Sophie? This is Tina. Listen, Ian's told me about the little story you
told him, about the bus and the school-kids. No! Don't worry! I love
it! I think we can be great friends, You, Ian, and me! We'll soon sort
out Juliette! Anyway, I want to hear the rest of the story. Would you
write it down for me? Bring it with you? Fine! See you then!"

"Aunty, I've a funny idea that I'm going to need a good night's
sleep... See you in the morning" I remarked as I made my way upstairs.


===

Part Eight

On the day of the 'dinner party' for Sophie and Juliette, Ian woke up
late. It must have been noon, when Aunt Tina entered the bedroom with
a tray of lunch.

Tina had been practicing her aerobics, and wore her tight black work-
out gear, the appearance being as if she'd just stepped out of an MC
Hammer MTV video. "Hi Kid! How are you today?"

Ian checked himself (paying particulr attention to his cock) and told
her he was fine. The cream she'd given him after the events with her
little majorette friend, Nikki, seemed to have worked wonders, and it
was back to its normal erect self. She sat on the edge of the bed, and
explained her plans for the afternoon.

"I'm cooking some food for us all, then at about 5.00 I'll go and
collect Juliette! Sophie's been on the phone, we had a chat. She's
coming round in an hour or two, so that I can get to know her a little
better!"

Ian asked whether her purchases had been delivered from the outing to
the sex-store. "Oh yes - we're going to have a very dirty couple of
days Ian! Are you ready for them darling?" As she spoke, she pushed
her hand under the duvet, and gently grasped his swolen penis, moving
it backwards and forwards. "Yes Aunty...Yes, I'm ready..."

"Kid, some of the stuff we do might be a little, you know, unsavoury,
but you don't care do you? Even if they meant that your girlfriends
got hurt a little?" Ian was ready to trust his life to the woman, so
told her so. "You're in charge Aunty - You do what you like, really!"

She left him with the message that he should stay in bed while she
prepared things, so when she left the room, he reached down for the
stash of magazines, keen to get rid of his hard-on! When he picked up
the case it seemed lighter than it had, so kneeling on the bed, he
flicked the combination locks, and checked inside.

A flush of worry hit him when he saw that it was almost empty. A note
had been placed on top of what little remained, which he read, with
concern.

     "Ian - I wanted you in the right mood for this evening so I'm
     afraid that I've taken your dirty magazines. It's a shame to
     split up such a colletion, but I've sent some to your Mom and Dad
     so they know what kind of boy you are! (Thet'll be awfully cross
     with you don't you think?)

     The worst ones I've put in an envelope, with a note to explain
     that they're yours. If you have any second thoughts about letting
     me do what I like tonight, I'm afraid that they'll be posted to
     the police! I think they might lock you up for those little-girl
     pictures. It might be nice for you in a prison, I think that the
     other convicts would really take to you!

     I was shocked at the picture of Michaela! That's my daughter Ian,
     she's only six! What sort of fantasies did you have about her? I
     noticed the stains of cum all over the photograph, and for that
     you'll have to be punished!

     Please don't think about running away. You know that I'll catch
     you, and I'd rather that you endured your punishments like a man.
     When you're ready, come down-stairs, and I'll tie you up.

     Your loving Aunty Tina
     x-x-x
     "

"SHIT!" he thought aloud. Dad would kill him this time - and was Tina
serious about sending the pictures to the police? He couldn't risk the
chance, so dressing, went down-stairs, his hard-on having quickly
softened at this turn of events.

Tina stood at the foot of the stairs, obviously waiting for me.
"You've seen then?" she asked in a stern voice. "Yes Aunty" Ian
replied meekly. "Undress Ian... I'm going to tie you up here at the
foot of the stairs. Sit on the third step for me will you?"

He sat down in the entrance hall steps, undressing until he was naked.
Aunty looped a rope around each knee, looping each one round a
bannister rail, then tugging. The effect was first of his knees
spreading, then as she continued pulling, his ass being lifted from
the steps. The addition of ropes strapping his elbows up to the hand-
rails left Ian suspended above the steps, thighs stretched apart.

"Ian darling. I hope you understand that I had to do this. I love you,
and I think I'll love Sophie and Juliette, but I need to dominate and
hurt you all... Do you see why?"

"Aunty... I don't mind you hurting me, but please don't do anything
too painful to me?" he pleaded, trying to lift his head and look at
her.

"We'll see." Ian heard the door bell go, and she turned towards it.
"That will be Sophie!" she told him, as she pulled it open. Sophie
looked typically slutty, in a short halter-top and a tight pair of
jeans, that had been deliberately torn along the thighs, and across
the cheeks of her buttocks.

Ian guessed from her lack of concern, that Sophie had been warned of
his predicament. "Hi Ian! I can see right up your ass from here! Are
you embarassed" she giggled. "Yeah, Just a bit Sophie" he told her,
angry at the lack of respect, and clenching his buttocks. Tina pulled
a couple of seats from the kitchen, positioning each towards him.
"Sophie... Why don't we start by listening to the rest of your story.
Ian, If you need anything just ask. By the way, if you cum, you'll
have to swallow it afterwards! And if you interrupt we'll make you
cum!"

"Aww shit Aunty - that's disgusting!" Ian told her. "Ian, I love you
so I'll give you one chance, and that was it. Your next comment will
mean semen in the mouth time! And just to help you feel nice and sexy
while Sophie tells her tale, I've got some presents for you!". Opening
her handbag, she pulled out what Ian took to be a small cotton
handkerchief. Dangling it between her fingers she waved it at him, and
he saw that it was actually a tiny pair of panties.

"They're Michaela's Ian and I'm going to put them into your mouth!"
Sophie looked at Ian's Aunty uncertainly. "Michaela's my six year old
daughter Soph. Would you believe that your pervert boyfriend has been
masturbating over a photograph of her? Look at it! It's all covered in
his nasty cum!" After looking at the picture Sophie commented "She's
lovely isn't she? I'd love to sleep with her".  "Play your cards right
girl, and you never know" Tina replied smiling. Sophie smiled at Ian,
raised the photo to her lips, and licked off the crusty dried cum from
its glossy surface. "Just so that I can look at it properly" she said
in a little-girl voice, as she pushed a hand down the front of her
tight jeans.

"Later Sophie, later. I want to hear your story first !" said Tina,
yanking the photo back, then kneeling next to Ian. She pushed her
little daughter's panties into his mouth, that was dutifully open.
Having held his head up for the previous ten minutes his neck was
aching badly, something Tina seemed to realise as she pushed a pillow
beneath it. "Now, what else have I got for you here", she pondered as
she rumaged through her bag. "Oh yes! You'll love these!" she said
holding three small vibrators in her hand. They were only 4-5" long
and little thicker than the pen-light batteries they contained.

"Are those Michaela's as well?" Sophie giggled. "You're a slut Sophie"
said Tina laughing, as she flicked a switch on the base of the first.
She held it, as it buzzed and vibrated against Ian's erect cock then
pulled a length of adhesive tape from a dispenser. "Just to keep it in
place darling. It should feel nice until I have to peel it off!".
Tightly she strapped it against his penis, then switched on the second
vibrator, and pushed it between his spread buttocks. It entered his
rectum easily, as his anus spasmed trying to reject the invading
object. "He's trying to push it out Tina!" warned Sophie, but Tina
shook her head. "Don't worry Sophie, he'll have to shit it out!". With
that she turned on the third, and pressed it against the inch of
plastic that was exposed. Soon both vibrators, one behind the other
were completely inside him, Tina's finger pushed into his ass. "Ohh. I
wanted one!" said Sophie pouting. "Get on with the story Sophie and
you can have whatever you want darling!"

Sophie pulled a wad of papers from her pocket and looked at Ian's
Aunty. "You know it's all about little girls being hurt don't you?"
Tina nodded, "Don't worry Sophie, it's all only a story. Just make it
really nasty for me will you?" "Oh yes" she replied. "It is very
nasty. I think you'll like it !"

Sophie gazed at Ian who was now bouncing up and down in his bondage,
as the three vibrators pushed him towards the orgasm he was trying to
avoid. "I hope this really turns you on Ian babes! I'd love to kiss
you when your mouth was full of cum!" she said, then started to tell
her story.

     "Do you know the story so far Tina? A school-bus of pretty little
     girls along with some of their attractive mothers, has been
     hijacked by its driver and some men. They'd thought they were
     stopping to use the rest-room, but haven't been allowed to. One
     of the kids, a cute ten year old called Jenny, has been whipped
     and made to drink another girl's mothers piss. She's called
     Samantha by the way. Afterwards, Samantha beat up Jenny's mom and
     really badly damaged her pussy.

     Anyway, this had all been going on outside whilst inside the bus,
     the passengers were desperate to use a toilet, while the driver
     was getting bored. All the fun seemed to be outside, while he had
     to watch the mothers and children less they tried to escape.

     The bus had a central isle, two seats on each side. Around its
     centre was a pair of large tables, each about 5 foot long, with
     four seats pointing inwards towards each. He walked over to them,
     and onto one placed a large crate, and a polythene refuse bag. On
     the other he placed three tripods, two suspending large
     photographic flash lamps, the third, an expensive looking camera.

     "Ok sluts, kids, we're going to play a game. One of my hobbies is
     photography so I thought I'd indulge myself. In the box are some
     clothes and props that we had made. In the next ten minutes
     you're to dress up your horny little daughters and yourselves and
     you're going to model for me! Now, there's some rules. The first
     is that the pose you use must involve you both pissing into the
     bag when I press the shutter! The second is that it must be
     theme, you know? Like you could both be school-girl lovers or
     something? I guess I should also warn you that if I don't think
     it looks very kinky, cute and sick, there's a prize you wouldn't
     want, believe me. Any questions sluts?"

     One of the little girls raises her hand. "What is it kid?". "My
     mummy's not here" she said diminutively. "Any other of you kids
     on your own?" One other raised her little arm. "Ok babies. Did
     you see what that lady did to your little friend Paula out there?
     You did? Well, unless you want the same treatment you're going to
     come and sit with me, and make me feel good. The rest of you
     cunts better get started, the clock's started bitches!"

     The two girls walked to the front of the bus, while the various
     mothers made a dash for the crate. They fought over various
     garments before returning to their seats, and starting to explain
     to their children the need to do what the driver asked.

     The two little girls tentatively approached the driver. Both wore
     the little uniform gymslips that left most of their girlish legs
     exposed, with little frilled ankle socks and black shiny shoes on
     their young feet. The older of the pair looked to be about 11,
     while the younger one couldn't have been over 7.

     "What's your names kids?" asked the driver. The older spoke first
     saying "I'm Anna, and this is my little sister, Jacqui. Please
     don't hurt us?"

     "Well, that depends" replied the driver. He sat on the bus dash-
     board, towering above the children. "You two going to do what I
     tell you to?" "Yes... I promise" said Anna. "What about you
     Jacqui?" "Uh huh" she said, her cute little round face smiling at
     him. "You haven't a clue what's going on have you kid?" he said
     to the naive child. Reaching to the front of his pants, he pulled
     out his huge erect cock, it's 10 inches longer than little
     Jacqui's fore-arm, and probably thicker.

     "Do you know what this is Jacqui? No? What about you Anna? You
     do? I bet you're a real slut aren't you Anna. You'd like me to
     push it into your little cunt? You wouldn't? You better do what I
     tell you to then."

     He told the two girls to hug each other. Obediantly, they wrapped
     their arms around one anothers backs. "Let me see you touching
     each other's bottoms under the panties." Anna knelt down, keeping
     her arms around her baby sister, then dropped them to the back of
     her slim baby-doll thighs. Running them upwards her arms lifted
     the little girl's skirt hem, until the seven year old's waist was
     visible above the waist of the white cotton panties. She then
     slipped her palms back down but under the elasticated waist,
     until they rested on Jacqui's buttocks. "Do the same Jacqui!" he
     ordered, relishing the sight as the little kid repeated her
     sister's actions. "Good girls! Now you're goin to kiss each
     other. When you kiss, I want to see your tongues pushing into
     each others mouths yeah?"

     The two little sisters made a beautiful sight as the kissed and
     loved each other, their little pink tongues entwined, hands
     massaging each others butts, like a pair of tarts in a porn
     movie. The driver was now masturbating as he enjoyed the scene,
     and moved forwards, to kneel next to them. His cock was now at
     the height of Jacqui's parted lips, so he moved it gently forward
     towards the intersection of tongues. They knew better than to
     stop, when his blood-filled helmet touched, but as he dripped a
     little globule of pre-cum into their shared spittle Anna pulled
     back.

     "Did I tell you to stop slut?" he asked. "No, umm, sorry" she
     said dolefully. "But it tasted horrible, and also I need the
     toilet...." "So do I" said little Jacqui, who was still smiling.
     An evil glint returned to the drivers eyes as he pulled out two
     bottles from his pocket. Waving one he said "I put this stuff in
     your cokes. One drop and you all need to go! Kiss again sluts!"

     As they returned to their embrace, he opened the first bottle and
     dripped four or five drops onto each of their tongues. "Move your
     legs further apart Jacqui". The little girl stood, her feet a few
     inches apart, but quickly spread them when he gave her a harsh
     slap on the inner thigh. Her sisters knees likewise spread two
     foot apart, to avoid similar treatment. "Now kids, I want you to
     push two of your fingers from one hand into your sisters bottom
     hole. I want to see your other hand pushed, still from behind and
     under the panties, between the thighs so that your hand is
     against your sister's pussy. When its there look at me."

     The sight of their hands stretching one another's panties was
     delicious, and soon he could see from the outline that they had
     done as he'd requested. Each had squeeled as their anus had been
     invaded by the sisters fingers but could only push closer
     together when trying to escape the penetration.

     As they looked at him, he opened the other bottle, that contained
     some tiny silver-coloured globules of metal. He emptied one onto
     the padded section of a small band-aid plaster then stuck it
     against the busses floor. He emptied the remaining metal globules
     onto two larger band-aids then with his free hand pulled the two
     girls slightly apart.  Against the outlined finger that covered
     each girlish pussy, he stuck a plaster onto the cotton panty
     material. "You need the toilet badly yet?" he asked each one.
     Both said yes, but he knew it wasn't that bad or they'd know it
     for sure! "Watch me" he ordered.

     Anna and Jaquie followed his gaze down to the plaster on the
     floor. "Did you see those little blobs of metal? That was called
     phospherous. It's nasty stuff if it gets wet!" With that he spat
     on the band-aid. As the spit sank through the ventilation holes,
     a hiss preceeded a fizzling sound and burning flame. In seconds
     the band-aid was nothing but a bubble of melted plastic, and
     beneath it a half inch deep hole was burnt into the busses
     linoleum floor.

     "Now if one of you should piss accidentily, that's what will
     happen to your little pussy, and your sisters pretty hand! Since
     that stuff I gave you will make you want to go to the toilet very
     badly you'd be best to pinch each others pee-holes tightly
     together! Get to it kids!"

     The two children understood, and pulled one another even closer.
     The driver saw each grimace as their urethra's were pinched, then
     further grimacing as the liquid he had administered began to take
     full effect.

     "Anna... I can't hold on" wept Jaquie. "Nor can I sis" moaned
     Anna. "I'm just going to have to let go. Pinch me tighter, you
     must...."

     "Arggg" cried the little sister, as the bus driver saw a small
     red spot of blood trickle down the inside of her thigh. "Your
     fingernails Anna!" "Sorry..." replied the sister, knowing that
     there was nothing she could do to prevent piercing the skin of
     Jacquie's groin. A little drip of urine followed the blood trail,
     and the driver knew now that the seven year old had lost control
     of her bladder, the pinching fingers being all that prevented the
     burning of her labia.

     "Hold it like that for five minutes and I'll take off the burning
     stuff" the driver told them. Before standing, he pushed his cock
     back to their inter-twined tongues, and with a few quick jerks of
     his wrist, started to ejaculate. The first spurt of dirty white
     cum made a pool on Jacquie's tongue but was stretched between
     their lips as the second string of ejaculate landed right across
     Anna's face. "Lick it off Jacquie!" he ordered, cumming into the
     seven year-old's pigtailed brunette hair as she collected more
     sperm from her sisters face, onto her cute little tongue.

     As his orgasm subsided the sister's faces were a mess of cum
     strands, that stretched from a girlish pouting lip to a cute
     button nose, between their teeth and tongues, whilst some dripped
     towards their chins. Each face was contorted as they tried to
     restrain their bladders, and both now had a trickle of blood
     running from the crotch to their little white socks. "Four
     minutes to go kids...."

Sophie paused at this point. "How's it going Ian?" she asked. He was
flushed with excitement from the vibrators in his rectum, on his cock,
and her sick story. A muffled yell came from his pantie filled lips.
"What's wrong baby. Do you want to cum?" she asked. "You'll have to
swallow it afterwards... Are you sure?" The need to cum was immense to
the tied up boy, though the idea of having his own male sperm in his
mouth was sufficiently obscene that he shook his head to the negative.

"He disagreed with you Sophie! You really should punish him for that!"
said Tina, passing Sophie a short dog-whip. "He'll probably cum when
you beat him, so be ready!"

Sophie approached Ian with the whip, reached into his mouth and pulled
out the little-girl panties. He was silent, knowing not to speak out
of turn, as Sophie placed their crotch against the head of his cock,
then raised the whip.

SWISH! She brought the whip hard down onto his scrotum, causing him to
scream like he was posessed. Again she lifted it, but this time with a
CRACK landed it onto his cock. As he screamed again, his penis jerked,
and flooded the panty material with the contents of his balls. She
jacked his cock with her hand, until his orgasm subsided, and a large
gooey mess covered the white cotton, then pushed it into his mouth. He
tried to spit it out, but the panties prevented more than a trickle
from running out of his lips.

"It tastes lovely doesn't it darling!" said Sophie, as she lowered her
own head, and licked the sticky trail from his chin. "Don't you wish
you were homosexual and you could taste it all the time?" Ian shut his
eyes, in absolute degradation, but already his prick was once again
starting to harden.

===
Part Nine

As Ian hung suspended from the stair banister, his mouth full of a
pair of little-girl panties that were sodden with his own sperm, his
aunt Tina spoke.

"I hope you don't mind kids, but as well as Juliette, I've a few other
people coming to our little party! I haven't seen my daughter,
Michaela for a few days, so my friend who's been looking after her
should arrive soon! Hmm. I do hope that Bobbi hasn't hurt her! You'll
love Bobbi Ian, maybe you too Sophie. She looks like an eighteen year
old Brigit Bardot, all pout and innocence, but she's a vicious slut
when she wants to be!

Then I've asked Nikki to come, because she loves me! Do you know her
Sophie? She's only thirteen, but she's very sexy. Doesn't like men
though, does she Ian?" Ian's memory flooded with the agony he had felt
when Nikki and Tina had burnt his cock with hot coffee, and hoped that
it wasn't an experience he'd have to repeat...

"I don't like men very much either, but I have told a few gay guys I
know that theres some nice juvenile ass here for them, should they
want it! Ian seems to be developing a taste for man after all, and I'm
sure they'll be pleased to help him broaden his new found interest!
And you never know Sophie, if I feel like it I might let them give
Juliette and yourself a little ass-fucking, especially if it makes Ian
jealous!"

"Oooh. Yes please!" said Sophie, much to Ian's evident distress. "I've
never done that before, and I bet it's really uncomfortable. Ian could
lick my bottom clean after they'd cum into it!"

"Sure he would" laughed Tina. "You're a spunky kid Sophie. I like you!
Anyway, all in all, I think this could turn out to be quite a night,
so to get me in the right mood, will you tell me some more of your
story?

     Sophie grinned and returned to her tale.

     "Taking a final pleasing look at little Anna and Jacqui's cum-
     covered and tear-stained contorted little faces, the driver left
     them, walking to the centre of the bus.

     "So Ladies" he asked. "Who's going to be first?". They were all
     so desperate for a piss, that all raised their hands immediately.

     He scanned his eyes around the room. As he'd requested, they were
     dressed up in various costumes. The dress he'd provided was
     deliberately provocotive, showing lots of bare-flesh on both
     mothers and daughters, so he rapidly felt his stiffness
     returning.

     He pointed at a striking red-haired woman near the back of the
     bus, ushering her forward. As she walked, holding the hand of her
     eleven year old daughter, he confirmed the 'rules'.

     "You're all dressed up for me - that's a good start, and just as
     well. When I call you forward, you're to wait while I set up a
     'stage' for you. I may then want to apply a few props! Now I'm so
     pleased with the way you all look, that I've decided to video
     your little shows, as well as photograph them, so be ready to put
     on your very best performance!

     By the way, should you decide not to act properly, I won't mess
     about!" Raising his arm he waved a short-barelled shot-gun,
     raising a murmer of distress from his audiance.

     He looked around as he spoke, his gaze settling on a little girl
     stood by one of the aisle seats. Unlike the others, she remained
     in her uniform gym-slip, its hem long by comparison, reaching
     down to just above her knees. The driver loved the sight of a
     little-girl's bare legs, and had chosen costumes accordingly, so
     this infuriated him.

     Running to her he grabbed the kid by one of her pig-tails, and
     her mothers arm, pulling them forward. The mother, dressed in an
     abbreviated police-woman's dress looked surprisingly unconcerned.
     A pair of hand-cuffs hung from the woman's belt, that he snapped
     shut on a wrist, attaching the other cuff to a nearby table.

     Returning to the woman's child, he raised his hand to hit her
     then stopped. Looking in the six year old's pretty round face, he
     could clearly see the dark hue of a black-eye, and a swelling
     around one of her ears. He took hold of the gym-slip's skirt and
     lifted it over her head, then slowly unbuttonned her blouse. What
     he saw surprised even him.

     Her lithe young girlish body was covered with the welts of many
     harsh whippings. Hundreds of scars criss-crossed her body, from
     her upper thighs, over her pussy, her stomach, breasts, sides and
     back. Many had drawn blood from the scabs that covered their
     length. "Shit! Who did this to you kid?" he asked.

     "Mommy and Daddy" she replied dolefully. He looked up at the
     mother who was now smiling. "Fuck her if you want to.." she said.
     "She's not worth much else, silly little bitch." The driver moved
     his fingers to the daughter's swolan pussy, easily slipping in
     two fingers. "I've fingered whores who are tighter than this!" he
     exclaimed. The woman giggled. "Yes... We've been stretching her
     since she was a baby! She's very obediant too. Watch!"

     "Kitten? Push the man's gun into your pussy darling?" The little
     girl pushed herself onto the table, lifting up her feet. Parting
     her knees first, she reached for the barrel of the loaded
     shotgun, pulling it between her knees, then down so that it
     pointed at her sweet pink labia. Spreading these with her
     fingers, she pulled at the barrel hard, squeeling as its front
     sight tore slightly at the entrance to her love-canal. More
     tugging left her crying but still she pulled, and soon six inches
     of the barrel was inside of her, its outline visible as it
     pressed out her lower abdomen.

     The woman raised her fingers to her mouth, parting her puffy lips
     slightly. "Go on.. Fire. I don't mind!" she said, her voice
     turning husky, but this was too much, even for the driver. "You
     really want me to, don't you?" he asked. The mother nodded
     coquettishly. "Fuck me... Well, maybe later - this is too easy
     for my taste. But you might be able to help me..."

     The driver yanked the barrel from the little-girl's pussy,
     pushing her off the table so that she landed in a heap by its
     side. "Stay there!" he ordered, then opened the woman's hand-
     cuffs. "I suppose you're enjoying all this?" he asked. "Ooh, yes.
     But I don't want to get hurt!" she replied. "Ok. I'll let you
     help if you want. First thing you can do is be my narrator as the
     girls do their stuff. You manage that?"

     "Sure!" she said. "My name's Heidi by the way. We make films of
     Kitten all the time and I love talking dirty to her. If she
     wasn't such a little gold-mine I'd have finished her off years
     ago!"

     "OK - well you can see our first two actresses here. This is what
     we're going to do..."

     The driver whispered into Heidi's ear for a few minutes, whilst
     the Mother and daughter from the back walked back and forth,
     hands pressed against the crotch, as they tried to forget their
     desperate need to urinate.

     The costumes they had chosen were those of a sporting scene. The
     beautiful red-haired mother wore a green english Barbour jacket
     that reached to just below her waist, a small bush of red pubic
     hair visible underneath. The eleven year old daughter looked cute
     in a yellow rubberised mac, with matching short yellow rubber
     boots. Her Mac left slightly more to the imagination as it flared
     out, to finish at her upper thighs. As a prop, the mother held a
     short thick fishing rod, a small hook attached to a short length
     of nylon fishing line that hung from its end.

     "Right ladies. Time to start and don't forget the gun!" Heidi
     pinned up a large white sheet across one of the wide windows that
     were placd next to the central tables. She then unfolded a roll
     of fabric onto which had been painted the backdrop of a fast
     flowing Salmon river. The table was like a stage, as it sat
     between the cameras and lights, and the backdrop.

     The table was sufficiently low , and the bus ceiling high for the
     mother to stand upright, as she was ushered up by Heidi. She
     looked at the driver, frightened, as he reached into the carton,
     a drew out a small plastic container.

     "Hold the fishing rod out bitch!" he commanded, as he pulled on a
     rubber glove. "Heidi, hold the girl." The slutty woman took the
     red-head's child, pulling her onto her lap, a hand moving
     straight for the eleven year-old innocent's pussy.

     "We want this to be as realistic as possible, so lets add some
     bait to your rod shall we?" asked the driver. From inside the
     container, and using his gloved hand, he pulled out a long slimy
     earth-worm, pushing one end of it's wiggling form onto the large
     barbed fishing hook. "We'll prepare your little girl's rod in a
     moment. First though, I'm going to blind-fold you both, just
     because it looks better. He showed her two blindfolds, the second
     rod, and four cotton wool ear plugs as he spoke. Quickly, he
     wrapped the black silk material around her head, the pushed the
     cotton into her ears. He faked a slap towards the woman's face,
     but she didn't flinch. Moving his lips to her ear, he asked "You
     don't mind if we rape your little girl do you?". Again there was
     no response, the woman continuing to stand silently. "Good. Those
     seem to have worked!". He heard a chuckle from Heidi and turned
     to her.

     "The kid wants to know when she gets her fishing-rod and
     blindfold" laughed Heidi. The driver turned. "Sorry kid.. You're
     not really going to be a fisherman. You're going to be your
     mommy's fish! Heidi? The kid should be wet - this is where you
     can use the bag.

     As Heidi stood, the driver noticed blood seeping from the eleven
     year-old's hairless little cunt. "What have you done now?" he
     asked his assitant, exasperated. "Oh - nothing really - I just
     love taking a little girls virginity. I had to push three fingers
     in before she tore!" "Well get on with this for the moment, and
     you can do what you like with any of them..."

     Heidi moved to the terrified mother, and held the black plastic
     bag between her thighs. "Piss Slut!" she commanded. When there
     was no response she realised that the woman could't hear her, so
     temporarily pulled one of the cotton-wool ear-plugs out and
     repeated her command. A few seconds passed before the woman said
     "I'm sorry.. I am! I can't - I've been holding on for too long!"
     "Bullshit!" exclaimed Heidi, driving a clenched fist hard into
     the poor woman's kidneys. "See! That helped!" she said, as the
     womans urethra opened and a stream of yellow piss entered the
     bag. It seemed to go on and on, but soon the torrent lessened,
     and leaving the remainder to drip onto the table, Heidi held up
     the bag.

     "Ok - Now get the child onto the table!" Heidi picked up the
     woman's daughter and after pulling off the mac, so as to leave
     her naked, dropped her at the mother's feet. Tilting the bag, she
     begin to pour its contents over the school-girl's pretty face,
     into her hair, then all over her lithe young body. The baby-doll
     tried to twist and turn but it was to no avail, and soon the
     eleven year old looked like a slimy drowned rat.

     "Slut!" the driver addressed the little girl, but she had her
     fingers at her watering eyes, trying to clear then of her mothers
     stinging urine. "Slut! Answer me!" Still the make-believe fish-
     girl failed to respond. Then there was a little voice from under
     the table. "Y-y-yes?" it came quietly. "Kitten you slag. He
     doesn't mean you!" said Heidi. "Sorry" she smiled at the driver.
     "We tend to call her that at home! Though since she answered
     might you want to use her to demonstrate?"

     "Good idea Heidi!" said the driver. "I'll make the woman'd kid
     watch!" He took hold of the piss-covered girl's pig-tails and
     dragged her to the table's edge. "Disobediant cow" he yelled,
     driving his fist hard into her solar-plexus. As she folded in
     agony, almost falling off the table, he continued. "Next time I
     say 'slut' I mean you. Do you understand? And take your fingers
     from your eyes - I like to see them all red and watery!

     Now slut, do you see the hook on the end of your mommy's fishing
     rod? In a minute I'm going to ask you to swallow it!"

     The poor school-girl shook her head in fear, as she looked at the
     cruelly barbed hook, and perhaps worse, the long earth-worm that
     it impaled. "Do you want me to chop your fingers off? That's the
     punsihment for disobediant litte girls! You'll never be able to
     push them into your slutty little pussy again!" The idea of this
     innocent little girl masturbating seemed very unlikely, but the
     prospect of such damage made her shake her head.

     "When your mommy's fishing for you, I want to see you playing
     with the hook... Kitten here is going to show you what I mean."

     Heidi was meanwhile telling her six year old slave-daughter what
     was expected of her, and despite the kid's earlier show of
     obediance, she didn't seem very happy with the demands.
     "Kitten... If you don't do it we'll eat Delia for thanksgiving!"
     "Who the fuck's Delia?" asked the driver. "Another daughter?"
     "No" smiled Heidi. "I'm not quite that bad! It's Kitten's pet, a
     little rabbit. Only thing I can think of that's actually fond of
     her!"

     The threat seemed to have worked, as Kitten knelt on the table
     submissively, head down, and hands loosely clasped behind her
     back. "Ha! You needn't have worried anyway. This is only a
     demonstration!" the driver said to Heidi's girl. He picked up
     another fishing rod from the floor, that instead of a hook and
     worm, carried a little piece of licorice candy, that had been
     dipped in some red food coloring. Placing it in the hands of theo
     the red-haired mother, he yelled into her ears that she should
     practice her part.

     She swung the rod as if casting while Kitten lowered her self
     onto her tummy and started writhing around the table, at the
     woman's feet. Each time the suspended licorice landed on the six-
     year old's naked body, it left a red dot of food-coloring. Kittin
     manoevered herself around until her childish little bare pussy
     was under the licorice, pulling her tiny labia apart, and
     allowing the candy to enter her pussy. Believing that the driver
     had tugged on the line, the blind-folded red-head jerked at the
     rod, pulling the licorice back out with a pop.

     "Now your bottom Kitten!" said Heidi, and watched her daughter
     take the line and move it to her behind. The six year old pulled
     apart the cheeks of her ass, and slipped the licorice into her
     anus. Again, the mother jerked at her rod, but as the hook-less
     line flew up, it was apparent that the licorice had come off. "If
     that happens, we replace the bait" said the driver, tying a new
     piece to the end of the line.

     "Now your mouth slut!". Kitten twisted round, so that the licrice
     was in her face, but instead of taking it into her mouth, she
     licked the candy up and down. Allowing a third of the three inch
     length of candy between her lips she sucked it in, and gently
     blew it out, as if she was giving head! "There's no point in her
     swallowing it" said the driver. "But we want to check that the
     woman's strong enough!" He ushered Kitten back under the table,
     and looped the line around the thick wooden crate that had
     previously contained the costumes. The woman pulled up on the
     rod, but the box wouldn't budge. "Take off her blindfold and ear-
     plugs for a second Heidi, and move her kid where she can't be
     seen?" he asked.

     When the woman was allowed to look, all before her was a harmless
     length of nylon string connected to the large box. "When we
     photograph the two of you fishing, we want the rods really
     carrying a weight, high near the buses roof. Try harder!" The
     woman flexed her muscles and heaved up, and the box swung upwards
     until it was 5' from the table. "Yeah - Make it swing a bit", he
     ordered, watching the box swing around near the ceiling. "Good -
     now we can get your kid to do the same thing then think about
     starting!" Relieved, the woman allowed the box to fall, hitting
     the table with a large thump, then bent down as her blond-fold
     and ear plugs were replaced. She put down the rod, as Heidi fixed
     the silk on tightly, giving the driver a chance to swap back in
     the worm-bated rod.

     When Heidi put the woman's daughter back onto the table the
     driver spoke to her. "Do you really understand what we want you
     to do?" he asked. "Yes..." replied the eleven year old. "I..I
     can't do it. I'll let you spank me, or beat me, or injure my
     pussy, but please not this?" she pleaded. The driver pointed the
     shotgun at her mother's face. "You agree now, or I shoot mommy!".
     Realising the futility of arguing, the small girl lay her piss-
     soaked smelly naked body onto the table, as she had just seen
     Kitten do, and the mother unwittingly started to lower the
     cruelly spiked hook towards her, the worm thrashing away in its
     captured state.

===
Part Eleven
------------------
Note: I have skipped Part 10 so as to keep the chapter numbers the
same as the file names. I had trouble uploading a file called CUTE09,
so uploaded the last episode as CUTE10. The main thing is that you
haven't missed one, just in case you wondered...


Sophie's recounting of her tale was interrupted by the ring of a
telephone, that Tina left the room to answer.

"That was Bobbi and Michaela! They're on their way, and should arrive
in about an hour, so I guess we better start getting ready!"

She walked over to the stairs, where poor Ian once again was suffering
from a huge hard-on. "So Ian. If I untie you are you going to be good?
I'd expect you to only do what I tell you, even if you don't like it!
Are you ready to be obedient for me?"

Ian couldn't reply, as Tina's daughter's panties still filled his
mouth. "Let's start by pulling those out. Michaela might want to wear
them after all!" She removed the white cotton from his lips, and
started undoing the ropes that had suspended him. As the final tie was
loosened, he slid down the stairs, landing in an undignified heap on
the entrance-hall's carpet.

"I think it's going to be a nice evening!" she said, looking out of
the window. "Perhaps we should have the party outside?" Sophie nodded
in agreement. "C'mon Ian. You're not as bad as all that!" Tina said as
she helped him to his feet. "You OK now?"

Ian managed a smile. He ached a bit, and continued to feel a bit
nervous in his Aunt's presence, but the idea of seeing Juliette again
made him feel good. "I'm OK Aunty. I just felt a bit pathetic, and
I've still got those vibrators stuck up my ass!" Tina kissed him
warmly on the lips. "You were a real trooper kid. I'll help you get
them out, and I've even done something for you as a reward for putting
up with them. And don't fret over the idea of those gay guys. Bobbi's
going to put them off for today at least."

Ian stretched himself, and started wondering what the evening's events
would be like. With Tina, Sophie, Juliette, Bobbi and Michaela, there
certainly wouldn't be any shortage of pussy, so maybe things were
looking up? He started pulling his clothes back on though gave up
trying to fasten his jeans, given the present state of his cock.

Tina had fetched her car-keys from the kitchen, and was combing her
hair. "Now kids, I want you both looking your best tonight. I'm
getting changed down here, then I'll go and pick up Juliette. I've
left clothes out for both of you in Ian's mom's bedroom, along some
little presents for you to enjoy whilst I'm gone!
Before I go do I have your promise that you'll both do, and only do,
what I tell you to?"

Sophie and Ian both readily agreed. "You've both got surprises in
store for you. I hope you're being honest with me?"

"We are Aunty. Honestly" said Ian. "I'd have let those men fuck me if
it was what you really wanted..."

"Me too Tina!" said Sophie. "Well, obviously I'd let the men fuck me,
but I'd also do anything else. "

"Good! Well, on you go, and I'll see you about an hour!"

         +----------------------------------------------+

When Tina left, Ian and Sophie went straight upstairs to Ian's parents
bed-room. The bright room was as Ian's mom and dad had left it, other
than two large parcels that lay on the bed. Both were wrapped in
paper, one a pale pink, and the other in matte-black.

Passing Sophie the pink one, Ian had his first chance to speak to her
privately since she had met Tina. "What do you make of her Sophie?"
"She's amazing!" replied the fifteen year old. "And I thought I was
kinky! I'll do anything she tells me to you know. Really..."

"Me too" said Ian. "And she's got those pictures of mine, so I haven't
really got a hell of a lot of choice. By the way, I love your story."

"Aww, thanks Ian babes! I'm glad you like it. Do you want me to tell
you some more while she's away? Tina would never know."

Ian thought about this, but wanted desperately to screw the brains out
of one of the girls, and this seemed the best opportunity he'd have.
"Can't I just fuck you Sophie?" he asked. "Not yet. Let's get changed,
then see how much time we've got. Are you going to give me some
privacy?"

Ian was slightly take aback by this show of modesty, but willing to
let her have things her own way. "OK - I'll go to my room." Carrying
his parcel with him, he approached his door, seeing a new note pasted
on it. "Your present's in your sister's bedroom. Love Tina xxx".

He walked into his bedroom and decided to open the parcel first.
Inside was an expensive Dinner suit, and a short braided leather
horse-whip. He read the tag that was attached to it.

        "For use on Juliette, (but practice first with Judy!)"

Juliette was the last person he wanted to beat, since he really had
loved her on that night of passion which had started the week off. But
his little seven year old sister had been such a bitch, he relished
the idea of getting his own back. He went to the bathroom, took a
quick shower, then donned the dinner suit, before returning to his
bedroom.

He pushed on the door that separated his room from little Judy's and
smiled when he looked inside.

The little 4' nothing seven year old blonde was stood on a stool that
in turn, had been placed on the mattress of her bed. She wore the
obscenely cute baby-doll nighty, that she used to such effect in
manipulating her daddy, with a little pair of white ankle-socks. She
looked terrified, something Ian begin to understand when he saw that
her hair had been plaited into a short pony-tail, that in turn, was
tied to a length of rope. Following the rope up, he saw that it was
tied around a hook in the ceiling ; her wobbling off the unstable
stool would leave the poor little girl suspended by her hair alone.
To one side of the bed, a gas burner had been placed, above which was
a pan that contained some unknown steaming contents. He looked into
it, then saw a discretely placed note explaining its purpose.

"Let me down Ian or I'll tell daddy! Quick - I might fall and hurt
myself!" she pleaded.

"You should have thought about that the other day, when you were
hurting me. Dad's going to disown me anyway, the police will probably
want to lock me up, so I've got nothing to lose!" replied Ian, with an
evil smile. With that he walked up to the bed, raised his whip, and
brought it with all his strength against the back of the poor girls
knees.

They buckled under the strike, and in a strange kind of slow motion
the stool fell away. Immediately little Judy started screaming in
agony, swinging backwards and forth by her hair. As she swung towards
him, he raised the whip again, and struck it hard across her exposed
belly, propelling her back towards the wall. Tears flowed from her
eyes as he allowed her body to come to a rest, she frantically trying
to hold on to the rope above her to remove some of the weight.

"Argggggg! Nooooo Ian! Please stop. I'll never be nasty to you again"
she wept, but he just smiled at her evident pain. "Let me down Ian...
Please Ian...I need the toilet"

"Wonderful!" said Ian. "You can piss in your little panties. I'd like
to see that!"

"No - Ian... Please, I hurt ... It's not that kind of toilet". The
little girl's face was contorted with pain as she spoke to her big
brother.

"Do your toilet in your panties now, and I'll let you down" he said,
enjoying the horror it evoked in the small child. She shut her eyes in
humiliation, and relaxed, and Ian saw the white lace baby-doll panties
darken as her urine soaked into them. While it begin to run down the
inside of her leg, her face showed a strain, as she tried to stop
herself from shitting into her tight panties. "I want to see you make
a mess of yourself you little slut" said Ian, reaching out to twist
her suspended body so that her backside was pointing towards him.

It was obvious that she was fighting to keep her little girlish anus
closed, so once more raising the whip, he brought it hard down against
the small of her back. It immediately shredded the baby-doll nighty,
leaving a purple bruise on the exposed skin, and he heard her scream
then gasp as she let go of her bowels.

The panties that had been tightly pulled into the cleft of her shapely
little buttocks, began to fill out with a horrible brown mess of soft
excrement. "Fuck Judy - That is the most disgusting thing I've ever
seen!" exclaimed Ian. He reached for a wooden spoon that sat on the
table, and leaning forwards, scooped up some of the wet urine and shit
as it dribbled down her inner thigh. Putting it back down for a
moment, he twisted her face back towards him. "You disgusting little
shit-doll Judy! I'm not letting you down for that!"

"Oh - please Ian - please let me down." she cried, her body in such
pain, and her in such humiliation that screaming was now beyond her.

"Only if you swallow what's on the spoon first, and then do everything
I tell you to! And if you don't I'll hang you up again, but next time
it will be by your tongue!"

"y-y-yes Ian - I p-p-promise I will. Promise to god. " Picking up the
spoon, Ian walked up to the bed, and raised it to her pouting little-
girl lips. She opened them as he twisted the spoon and allowed the
runny contents to slip between her teeth. As the foul smelling
excrement ran back to her throat, she retched, and threw up the mess,
and the contents of her stomach. Some landed on the pretty lace pillow
that was placed on her bed, while more splattered against her baby-
doll pyjama top. The sick was a yellow colour, watery but with lumps
of brown, and as it dripped down the 7 year old's body, Ian begin to
feel that some justice had been done!

Her little round face had streams of yellow sick and bits of soft shit
running from her lips down to her chin, and her baby-doll nighty was
spoiled for ever. "P-p-please Ian. L-l-et me down now?" she asked, her
voice husky and pained from the retching, her eyes moist and reddened
from her crying. "I suppose I promised..." smiled Ian, picking up a
small pair of nail-scissors.

He stood up beside his little sister, holding his nose shut to keep
out the foul stench that came from her little body. He opened the
little scissors against the base of her blonde pig-tail, and closed
their blades together, but pulled them away after only a half of her
blonde hairs were severed.

"NOOOO!" she, as her weight was suspended against a much smaller part
of her scalp, the pain even more intense. He raised the scissors
again, but rather than cutting through the suspended hairs, he started
to remove the little blonde bangs that covered her forehead. "You're
going to be all bald when I've finished!" Ian told her. Soon her whole
scalp was cropped of its once pretty blonde tresses, but for the patch
of hairs that kept her up. He grabbed one of her cotton-socked little
feet, and lifted her body until she was almost horizontal, then let
go, enjoying her screams as she swung around above her bed, and
sitting down.

The skin of her scalp was stretched and reddened, and for another few
minutes he just enjoyed the sight. Checking his watch, Ian saw that
twenty minutes had passed, so he decided to bring this part of his
little sister's punishment to a close. Once again he stood, and
started cutting through the hairs, removing another half. When he
swung her up and pushed her, her scream of unbelievable pain brought a
stiffness to his cock but he grabbed her swinging foot and held her
still. "A few more should do it slutty little sis!" Another cut, and a
huge push and swing met with success.

As she swung through the half circle, a tearing sound preceded her
flying across the room and hitting the wall, before landing hard on
the floor. Her once pretty crown, was replaced with a dark red area of
ripped skin, her remaining hair having been scalped, hanging uselessly
at the end of the rope.

When Ian went to pick her up, she was no longer screaming, but had
shut her eyes and curled her body into a fetal position. Ian took her
arm and lifted her, making sure he kept her soiled body at arm's
length! "Let's get you cleaned up Jude, you look like shit!"

         +----------------------------------------------+

While Ian was wreaking his revenge on his little sister, Sophie had
taken a bath, tied up her hair in a big pink ribbon, and finished her
make-up with some pale pink lipstick. Placing the parcel from Tina on
Ian's mom's dressing table she admired herself in the mirror. Pouting
at herself, then running the tip of her tongue around her lips, she
worked at looking as suggestive as she could. Curling up her nose, she
spoke in a little girl voice to herself, touching her face and seeing
how cute she could make herself look. "Please will you fuck me?" she
tried, her head slightly bowed and her fingers at her lips, looking
like a naughty school-girl. Then "Rape my ass. Make me beg for it" in
a huskier voice, a hand squeezing at a breast.

After trying a series of poses she observed "You look pretty sexy, you
little bimbo!", feeling pleased with her appearance. To reward
herself, she opened the parcel to discover what Tina wished her to
wear.
Inside the wrapping paper were two large cartons, a paper bag, a video
tape onto which was stuck an envelope, and three large dildos. The
dildos were all phallic in shape, but larger than any cock she had
experienced in her fifteen years. Made of pink rubber, they had the
ridges of a penis, but were at least 10" long, 2-3 inches thick, and
each was connected to a single box with electric cable and thin
plastic tubing. Though she was feeling wet and randy, and liked the
idea of a hard dildo inside her pussy, she first chose to open the
envelope, so as to read the letter it contained.

     "Dear Sophie,

     Sit down kid, what I tell you might come as something of a
     surprise!

     When I went through Ian's collection of naughty pictures, I must
     admit to feeling some surprise when I saw the photograph you had
     given to Ian. I read the note you'd written on its back.

          "Ian - a picture of me and my little sister, Melissa. Thanks
          for last night darling, love Soph. xxx"

     Don't get me wrong. I thought it was a lovely way of showing your
     affection! The surprise was that I knew your faces from somewhere
     though at first I couldn't remember how.

     I called my girl-friend, Bobbi, described you both, and we
     thought we had it worked out. Meeting you must have confirmed our
     ideas or I wouldn't have given you this! Anyway, the video will
     explain the rest...

     Before you look at it, please will you wear the dildos? I guess
     you're on your own, so you might find it surprising that I'd ask
     this when there's no-one to watch. But that's real obedience
     Sophie, and knowing you, you might even enjoy it!. Put some
     lubricant on all three, if it makes it easier, then put one in
     your mouth, one in your pussy, and the third in your ass. Learn
     how to put them in quickly because after a few minutes I want you
     to pause the vcr, and rotate the dildo's round - the one in your
     ass goes to your mouth, the mouth cock to your pussy, and the
     pussy one to your ass...

     Imagine that I'm watching you, so put on a show. You'll see a
     little box attached to the dildos. There's four buttons on it,
     try pressing them before you start, and you can see what they do!

     There's a TV and Video in the corner, and you'll notice a remote
     control on top. Enjoy!

     Your mistress,
     Tina"

Sophie walked over to the video recorder, inserted the cassette, and
picked up the control. For a moment she contemplated ignoring Tina's
letter - she'd never know after all - but enjoyed the feeling of
subservience that Ian's aunty placed upon her, so decided to follow
the letter's orders.

Returning to the bed, she turned her attentions to the three connected
dildos. Laying them side by side she picked up the little control box,
and examined it. The box, about the size of a hard-back novel, had a
connector marked "charging" so presumably contained some kind of
battery. On it's side a circular fan or pump device was visible
beneath a one inch square metal grill that was marked "Keep clear of
obstruction". Two small transparent plastic lengths of tubing extruded
an inch or so from the units top, and were sealed via small rubber
plugs, and had been captioned "Liquid - Button 3" and "liquid - Button
4".
Below a power switch were positioned the four small push buttons, each
marked with a label.

The first button said simply "Vibro" and tentatively she depressed it
with her fore-finger. Immediately, all three dildo's started vibrating
furiously, bouncing up and down on the bed. Sophie didn't really
understand mechanical or electrical things but when she found it
difficult to even hold one still, her whole arm shaking from side to
side, she knew these were special!

The second button showed the label "Inflation". When pressed, the
three dildo's immediately expanded with the sound of a rush of air
coming from the control boxes grill. In a few seconds, their length
increased by about 3 inches, while their girth increased by at least
an inch! As well as growing, their previous flexibility was removed as
the straightened and became as hard as iron. When the button was
released they returned to their previous size. Another click made them
shrink to smaller than their original size, the length remaining the
same whilst the girth was halved. She played with the button seeing
how alternate clicks always made them grow or shrink, for as long as
the button was depressed.

A quick click on the third button labelled "Cum!" gave her a shock, as
jolts of sperm-like liquid jetted from small slits that pierced the
dildo's tips. Placing her finger into one of the little pools that now
lay on the bed-covers, she raised it to her tongue and tasted. "OW!"
she yelled, immediately spiting it out, and quickly wiping her finger
clean as it too begin to sting - Whatever the liquid was, it wasn't
human sperm, since it made her mouth feel like it was on fire. She
stuck out her tongue and checked it in the mirror, but it looked ok -
The liquid was obviously intended to hurt and sting but not to do any
permanent damage.

She was about to press the fourth button, when she saw that it carried
a small logo reading "Cum 2 (DANGER!)". She was half tempted to try
it, but worried that it might cause the ejection of some more potent
mixture, she chose to leave it alone for the moment.

"Oh well, it's now or never.." she said to herself, loosening the belt
of the short white towel bath robe that she wore. She looked down at
her pussy, a little bush of thin blonde down covering her labia, and
decided it looked sweet. When she allowed her middle finger to press
against her teen-age clitoris she felt the warmth of arousal spread
through her pussy, and reached for the first dildo. Moving the tip of
her middle finger into her vagina, she found her self wet and sticky,
and used this to lubricate the lips, before pressing the large rubber
head between them.

Despite pushing as hard as she could, it didn't want to enter, even
though her efforts increased the juices that were now seeping towards
her anus. It was as thick as a can of coca-cola, so it wasn't really
so surprising. She reached for the lubricating jelly that Tina had
thoughtfully provided and smeared it over the head and the ridge that
were slightly thicker than the remainder of the dildo.

She pulled her legs as wide apart as she knew, so they were almost
perpendicular to her cute young body, and tried again. Her best
efforts still proved unsuccessful, and soon her pussy begin to feel
sore from her attempts to make it stretch.

"Shit!" she said to herself, trying to think of a way to insert the
device. Then, as her eyes passed over the control box, she remembered
the second buttons effect of sucking air from the plastic cocks, and
hit the button. All three simultaneously shrunk before her eyes,
remaining 10" long, but now being only slightly thicker than the
average man's erect penis. She worried about what would happen if she
let go of the button, but decided that if she was careful, it would be
ok. She was feeling so horny now, the risk didn't seem too high.
While being very careful to keep the button depressed, she eased the
head of the first dildo into her sweet young pussy, finding it easy to
push in 6 or 7 inches. "Hmm... Tina would want it all inside of me"
she thought, and pushed harder. A slightly uncomfortable sensation hit
her when the dildo's head touched the cervix, but she just pushed
harder, feeling the head press through the small gap. When the cock's
ridged head was almost past, she gasped as it was sucked in deeper by
some strange reaction of the muscles inside her young body, until,
causing sensations she'd never felt before, it came to rest inside her
uterus.

Her insides felt stretched by the intruding object, and she begin to
have second thoughts about what she was doing. She pulled at the inch
of plastic that extruded from her pussy-lips but it didn't want to
come out. Her cervix was now squeezing the plastic below the cock-
head's ridge, partly because of her state of excitement.  She was
nervous about whether it's vibrations would hurt her, not knowing much
about anatomy, but since it seemed to be stuck she decided that having
gone this far she may as well continue. After all, once she'd cum it
would probably be much easier to relax and withdraw the dildo.

From the problems she'd had getting a dildo into her pussy, she knew
that her ass would prove even more difficult. Lying on her back, she
raised her knees so that they made contact with her pert young
breasts, and dipped the fingers of her free hand into the lubricant.
When they were dripping with the white coloured jelly, she gently
rubbed them against her anus, feeling it contract to the touch.
"Relax" she told herself, making the little pink hole's muscles
release. With relative ease, she now pushed a finger into her ass,
then a second, and then a third, smearing the jelly against the
insides of her rectum.

She felt so sordid as she did this, and suddenly imagined she was
being watched. Her muscles tightened with the idea, squeezing against
the dildo within her pussy, and the fingers in her ass. "Ooooh" she
sighed in pleasure, but willing her concentration back to the matter
in hand, slowly pulled her fingers out. She massaged the slightly soft
second dildo's tip, then brought it to her behind. With a murmur she
thought "I can't do this slowly or I'll be here all night", and pushed
hard on the dildo's base. It's head comfortably squeezed into her
little anus, so that only the ridge (and its length!) remained
outside.

Digging its base into the bed cover, whilst being sure to keep the
rounded head partly inside her ass-hole she jerked her back upwards so
as to leave her crouched over the second dildo, her weight supported
by her ankles, and the dildo pointing upwards.  "Hum... On the count
of three Sophie, you can do it you little slut!" she said. "One..."
She gritted her teeth. With "Two..." she tightly closed her eyes.
"THREE!"

Releasing her ankles, she allowed her whole weight to press down on
the pink plastic, and impaled her self on the 10" of make-believe
flesh. A sharp pain accompanied a ripping sound as the dildo filled
her virgin rectum, slightly tearing at the tender flesh. As her
buttocks hit the bed-covers she felt an enormously erotic sensation of
agony and ecstasy as her midriff was filled and stretched with
plastic. An initial orgasm shot from her groin, and she released a
guttural sigh. As she returned to the position of lying on her back,
her knees held up, she noticed that a few droplets of blood had
stained the bed, but was beyond caring, the pleasures overcoming any
pain.

She was ready to start the video, when she remembered the third dildo,
that was intended for her mouth. It seemed strange, but she felt like
such a wanton little slut, anything was ok. Could she get it into her
throat? she wondered, remembering a blue-movie that Ian had once show
her.
She pushed the plastic tool between her full pink lips, feeling its
coldness with her tongue. It moved against the roof of her mouth, then
as 4" penetrated from her perfect white teeth, she felt her throat gag
slightly from expectation. The dildo curved within her mouth, and
again, she used a count of three before the final push.

As the head entered her throat, she reddened in the face, suddenly
remembering to breath through her nose. Her neck felt awfully
stretched, but she knew she must stay relaxed or she would choke and
maybe suffocate.

Her three holes plugged, she picked up the video control, and hit the
play button, edging herself back, so that she could lay her head onto
a pillow. All the time she was careful to keep her finger firmly
pressed on the button that kept the three dildo's 'slim'.

With a crackle of sound from the TV the video begin to play, and the
screen turned from a white speckle of interference to a deep blue
solid colour.

From the base of the screen large pink credits begin to roll upwards:

                     PIRATE PRODUCTIONS PRESENTS

                       "NAUGHTY NYMPHET PART 1"

                              Starring:

                       The Father : Randy Rape

                     The Mother: Wendy Whip-lash

                 The Daughter : "Slutty" Sophie Ford


Whilst credits for camera, sound, editing and so-forth rolled up,
Sophie looked on in astonishment. Randy was her father's first name,
Wendy being her mothers, which seemed a coincidence. But Sophie Ford?
That was their surname! "What the fuck is this..." she thought to
herself, unable to speak because of the long dildo that filled her
mouth and throat. As the credits finished and the screen showed a shot
of her own house, late in the evening.

The sound of her mother's sexy-sounding female voice came from the
TV's speaker.

     "Hi! This is our house, which I share with my husband, Randy, and
     our two little daughters, Sophie aged 13 and Melissa aged 5.
     Shall we have a look at the little darlings?"

As the picture changed to that of the home's entrance hall, Tina's
voice came from the TV! "Hi Sophie! Hope you're enjoying yourself! I
dubbed my voice onto bits of the tape, in case you forgot what to do.
Turn on the dildo's will you?"

The crackling original sound returned. As she lay on the bed, legs
splayed apart, with the dildo's coming from her mouth, anus, and
vagina, Sophie tentatively pressed on the first control-box button.

Immediately the three dildo's started shaking wildly. Her whole head
was vigourously shaken, her hair flying as if she was standing in a
strong wind, whilst breathing was almost impossible as her throat was
bashed about.  Her groin shook up and down, left and right, as the two
dildo's shook her insides. She could feel a searing pain from her
womb, but the level of sexual stimulation that the dildo's provided
was so immense that it was easily ignored. With difficulty she kept
her watering eyes on the screen, once again hearing her mom's voice.

Her mother was now in the picture's frame, dressed in a strange black
cat-suit. It looked slightly like a bikers jacket and pants, except
was made of tightly fitting shiny black rubber or pvc. The camera
followed her to a door.

     "This our older virgin daughter's room, Sophie." she said,
     pushing it open.

Sophie saw herself from two or three years before, fast asleep in the
bed. She thought she looked pretty on film, her blonde hair nicely
splayed across the pillow, her eyes innocently shut. From a utility
belt that hung loosely from the hips, her mother took what looked like
a small fire-extinguisher, but with a pipe and mask dangling from it.

     "Anaesthetic... to help her sleep" said her Mom, as she ever-so-
     gently lowered the mask to Sophie's face.

She saw herself mumble, turning her head slightly, as her mom turned
on the gas for a few seconds, then removed the mask, and pulled back
the bed-covers.

The camera panned down her naked teenage body, pausing at her little
pert breasts, at that time, each no larger than half a small orange,
then down further still, to pause at her fuzz covered pussy. The slit
of her vagina was visible beneath the thin blonde down of her pubic
hair, and did look quite sexy.

Her mothers hand appeared in the close-up of her crack, the pussy now
filling the whole screen.

     "Shall we look inside?" she asked the camera, as she pushed a
     finger from each hand beneath the folds of Sophie's labia.

The mother stretched the pussy-lips wide apart, and the camera
focussed in on the clitoris, then showed the pink inner membranes of
Sophie's vagina. Sophie watched as her mother's tongue lowered itself
to the spread lips, and started lapping at the clit, then pushing into
her cunt.

     "Mmm... Delicious!" her mom said, her head now looking at the
     camera as it lay on Sophie's stomach. "Look how wet my little
     slut-daughter is! I wish you were here to fuck her silly, but
     since you're not lets let her daddy have a go! Randy - Do you
     want to play with her?"

The camera panned back, and Sophie watched as her father entered the
room. Whilst the vibrators kept her at a state of orgasm, she felt
mind-fucked - her own mom and dad, the people who had brought her into
the world, were parading her like a tart to anyone who watched the
film. She felt herself sobbing with the feeling of being so worthless.

She saw that her dad had placed himself between her thighs and
appeared to be screwing her unconscious body. However, as the camera
moved round, she saw that he was screwing her mothers mouth, while she
in turn had put four of her fingers into Sophie's cunt. "I'm cumming!"
he said, and moved his cock out of mom's mouth and into Sophie's
sopping wet pussy. He slammed in and out, while the unconscious body
of his daughter remained still and unresponsive, then with a cry,
reached his orgasm, filling her with his sperm.

Sophie's mother moved to her sleeping daughter's head, and lifted it,
so that its back rested against her breasts. Wrapping her arms around
the comatose body, she lifted Sophie until she was standing. Her
father took an empty glass from the bedside cabinet and placed it
between his young daughter's legs. He pulled her labia slightly apart,
and a thin trickle of blood and semen leaked from her pussy, and into
the cup. As the trickle stopped, the two parents replaced her in bed,
wiping her pussy clean first, then pulled the covers up, so that she
would know nothing of these events in the morning.

The picture faded to black, and a title came up, saying
                       "The Following Morning".

Sophie watched as her Mom stood by the breakfast table, filling a bowl
at Sophie's place with Cornflakes. After pouring in some milk, she
opened the door of the fridge, removing the cum-filled glass from the
previous night. She emptied it over the cornflakes, the congealed
lumps of cum looking like cream, but then frowned as she noticed the
little lumps of dried blood that had also been deposited. Then,
smiling again, she returned to the fridge taking a strawberry, crushed
it slightly between her fingers, then placed it into the bowl.

The camera turned to the kitchen's entrance, and Sophie saw herself
walking into the room, smiling at the camera. She was dressed in a
pair of pj tops and looked fresh-faced and lovely, oblivious to the
previous night. "Hi Dad! Playing with the video camera?" she heard
herself say, as she sat down in her place for breakfast. "Gee - Thanks
Mom! I love strawberries!" she said, and the camera zoomed in on her
lips, as she slowly emptied the bowl.

Sophie heard Tina's voice once again come from the TV.

     "Sophie, did you enjoy that? I bet you feel so sorry for
     yourself. Does no-one love you? It doesn't seem that your Mom and
     Dad do, does it?

     Before you press the other buttons will you swap round the
     dildo's for me? Press pause first, because there's a final bit of
     video to see!"

Sophie felt like a cheap-slave, she'd always loved her Mom and Dad so
much, and this was all they thought she was worth. Her sad eyes were
glazed as she roughly extracted the dildos from her mouth and pussy,
and placed them on the bed. With more difficulty, she pulled out the
plastic cock that impaled her ass, then mechanically lifted it to her
face. She was oblivious to the brown lumps of shit that stuck to the
lubricant, as she mechanically lifted it to her open pale pink lips.
It's vibrations made it impossible to hold at the 'O' of her lips, so
she jabbed it towards her mouth, hoping that sooner or later it would
land between them. Failed attempts resulted in the dildo sliding
across her cheeks, leaving a trail of sticky lubricant, blood, and
excrement on her pretty face, but still she tried.

When she finally met with success, she felt a sharp pain in her mouth,
and realised that the hard dildo had cracked off her two front teeth
as it had been thrust in. The pain was bad enough, but she would once
have felt sadness at the loss, her perfect white teeth being one of
her best assets. But now, she felt no great remorse. Her mind had been
soiled from what she had already seen, and the additional spoiling of
her looks seemed minor by comparison.

After repeating the process she had used earlier to insert the cocks
into her pussy and anus, Sophie lay back, and again pressed 'play'.
She saw her mother once again on screen, this time in her bedroom. The
camera panned into a corner where a child's toy pram was placed.
Inside was Sophie's favourite doll, a little plastic baby she'd had
since she was an infant, and still loved.

Sophie wondered what was to follow as her mother spoke. She knew they
hadn't damaged her doll, since she'd looked at it that morning.

     "Sophie's always loved babies! I remember when I had Melissa, she
     loved to spend time with her, changing her nappies or pushing her
     pram in the park. I think she's set her heart on having one of
     her own as soon as she's old enough to get married!"

This, at least, made Sophie feel good. It was true - She'd even
wondered if Ian would give her a baby, but he was careful, and always
insisted on using a contraceptive when they screwed. The pleasant
thought made her again conscious of the dildo in her pussy, and the
erotic sensations that were filling her body. As the camera lingered
on the little plastic doll, Sophie remembered the voice of Tina asking
her to press one of the buttons. Knowing that she'd somehow committed
herself now, she pressed pause, and readied herself for a spurt of the
'cum' within the cocks.

She'd been resolute in keeping the second button pressed, and stayed
careful as she manoeuvred a finger across the third. She shut her
eyes, and imagined Ian in bed with her, his face against hers as he
fucked her deep. She imagined that his cum would fertilise her, to
give them a child, and as an orgasm spread within her thighs, she
pressed hard down on the button.

Her scream, propelled the dildo from her mouth into the air, only her
firm grasp of the control box, preventing the others from being pulled
with it. An agonising pain filled her bowels and womb, as they were
seared by the stinging cum-substitute, but the orgasm continued. As it
subsided she was desperate to complete her task, so as to put some
soothing cream into her orifices, and remove the agony, so she
returned to the tape.

She watched the screen transition to that of the cellar, seeing in its
centre a long table, blue sheeted with various medical items on
trolleys by its side. A very pretty blonde girl, dressed in an
abbreviated white nurses costume stood next to a raven haired teenage
student-nurse, who wore nothing but a tiny candy-stripe dress. They
were holding hands and smiling as her father walked into the frame,
carrying her sleeping self in his arms. She heard her mother's voice
over the girls giggling.

     "The problem with babies is that Sophie might end up with one
     from her father, and that would be embarassing for us. So we've
     paid these two little darlings to help us!"

Her father laid her body onto the table, and Sophie watched as an
intravenous tube was fitted to her arm.

     "Now girls, this has to be good - that's what you're being paid
     for remember. She must never know!" said her father.

Sophie watched on in terror, as she saw one of the girls raise the
short hospital tunic that covered her midriff.

     "Can't I cut off her clitoris and nipples as well? We'll do it
     for free!" she said flirting with her father.

     "No" replied her dad sternly. "Maybe another time, but she'd
     notice so we must be careful not to do anything obvious!"

The student passed a scalpel to the nurse, and smiled as it was
lowered to just above the sleeping girls pussy. Sophie felt faint as
she saw two small cuts being made into her on-screen abdomen,
instinctively looking down at her body. For the first time, she
noticed similarly placed scars, very faint but non-the-less real, in
her dildo filled groin.

She saw the nurse lift out a pink tube from each cut, and make a small
nick in each, before replacing them. With a syringe she injected a
liquid into the extreme end of each cut, saying "just to be sure!"
then used some kind of lazer stitching technique to re-close the skin.
The camera zoomed onto Sophie's pelvis and only the faintest cut could
be seen in the flesh.

     "She'll never know it's done!" said the older nurse, while the
     cute student looked at her in adoration. "Her fallopian tubes
     will heal closed within her, and I've injected something nasty
     into her ovaries that will render them useless within a few
     weeks!
     She's completely sterile now, quite incapable of ever bearing
     children even after surgery! Not a real girl any more really! Are
     you sure you don't want me to slice off her little clit..."

As Sophie watched the two girls and her mom and dad take to the floor,
in an orgy of touching, fucking, and sucking, she felt like her reason
to be had been taken from her. As the emotion filled her with sadness
she released her hold on the control box, not realising until too
late.

As air rushed into the two pink plastic tools in her ass and pussy,
she felt herself being stretched, until each was 3" thick. She
screamed in pain, grabbing for the control box, and trying to hit the
button to make them contract. Accidentally, she touched the fourth
button, and watched the dildo that had been in her mouth shudder on
the bed.

From it's tip came a gush of acid-steam that simultaneously filled her
uterus and bowels, causing the most severe internal burns. Some of the
spare dildo's steam hit her thigh, and she watched in her hysteria as
the small 1" circle of her skin melted, bubbling as it dripped down
her leg, leaving a deep hole in her leg. She was folded up, clutching
at her stomach as the same fate met her insides, and she jammed once
more at the box.

A flash of memory came to her the instant that she pressed the correct
button. "They'll grow bigger" she thought, a single piece of sane
reason interrupting the madness that filled her mind. A disgusting
ripping sensation came from her rectum and vagina as the dildo's
breadth increased to 5 inches, yet the pain was perhaps like that felt
by shark-attack victims, so severe that the mind completely blocks it
out.

From somewhere she found the energy to press the button again, and as
the dildo's contracted, she threw the box away from her, this time it
tugging the dildos with it. She looked down at herself, and saw a
large pool of blood gathering on the bed, between her legs.

She lay back her head, gaining some cold comfort that after the
discoveries she had made from the film, death might be preferable to
facing her parents. When she heard her Mother's voice "Sophie?" she
looked to the TV, expecting another of Tina's over-dubbed games, but
saw only a blank screenfull of noise. "Sophie?" It came again, and she
turned her head. At the door stood her Mom, accompanied by the two
nurses she had just seen on TV. They approached her, carrying
bandaging and medicine while her mother reached up to the room's
wardrobe to bring down a video-camera, it's small green light
indicating that it had recorded everything.

"You were a star Sophie! Don't worry kid, these girls are going to
make you better! After all, I wouldn't want to lose my best actress
would I?" As the girls hands reached for her body, she drifted into
the pleasant release of unconsciousness.

         +----------------------------------------------+

As Ian reached the door to the bathroom, his little sister fell beside
him, her almost hairless scalp dripping a small quantity of blood onto
the carpet. Her eyes were closed and she seemed to have feinted from
the extended pain and humiliation that came from her whipped,
bleeding, shit-covered little body.

Carefully he picked her up and carried her in, first putting her down
onto the rug that sat beside the tub. Turning the two taps he started
the shower, tested the heat, then lay her beneath the spray. As the
water washed her little torn baby-doll nighty, and cleaned the blood
and shit from her face and body, she begin to vaguely resemble the
cute little girl that her daddy loved so much. Where the water was
insufficient, Ian gently dabbed a cloth against her skin, and over her
head, to help it clean.

He reached for the hot tap, and turned it down, so that her body was
covered with cold water, and with a few spasms, he saw life returning,
and her eyes open.

She must have been uncertain whether her memories were real, as she
moved a hand to her head, feeling for her pretty locks of blonde hair.
When all she discovered was skin, she looked at him and emitted a
tortured scream. "Why Ian? My hair's all gone!" she cried. "Daddy!
Tina!" she yelled, somehow feeling that despite being the initial
cause of her suffering Tina might be safer than her big brother.

"Shut up! you bitch! They're not here, either of them!" said Ian.
"Owww Ian... I'll tell Daddy ... You'll go to prison for this" she
sobbed.

Ian was furious. "I warned you before Judy. It's all your fault that
this had to be done to you!" He picked her up, and carried her shaking
body back to the bedroom. Dropping her face-down onto the bed, he
stepped on her back, making her scream, and reached for the rope that
still hung from the roof. Taking its end, he made a loop, and tied it
with a slip knot. Stepping off her he retrieved the stool and replaced
it by her side, in its original position. He then picked her up, stood
her on the stool, and placed the noose around her pretty little neck.

Pulling the belt from his waist, he took her two arms behind her back,
and wrapped the leather around them, so that they couldn't be moved.
He looked at her lithe little body, dressed in the tight, damp night-
dress, and for a moment contemplated having sex with his sister.
"Shall I fuck you Judy?" he asked, taking out his long hard cock, and
masturbating it slowly in front of the seven year old.

"Yes Ian... yes, Please Ian? Let me down and fuck my little body?" the
little tart pleaded, willing to do anything that might mean escape
from strangulation. "What if I wanted to push my cock into your bottom
Jude? Or to fuck your mouth?"

"I'd love you for it Ian..." said the little girl, only having a vague
idea of the acts he was describing. "Well I'm not going to, because
you're ugly and I only fuck pretty girls!" Ian laughed at her, as she
tried to charm him with her pouts, but without any hair it just didn't
work!

"The good news is that this is your last punishment Judy. If you're
good, and take this obediently, I'll try not to push you off the
stool! Once I'm finished, I suppose we'll be almost even, though in
future you'll be my sex-slave obviously....

I once read about this in a book about chicago gangsters! It was
something they did to squeelers - that's people who informed the
police about them Jude - Your running to dad all the time seemed kinda
similar don't you think? Just remember, you can cry but no screaming!"

Ian walked over to the large metal pan that had been heating up since
he'd first entered the room. "It's pitch Judy, you know, tar like they
put onto the roads." Ian picked it up and without giving his sister
time to complain, raised it above her head, and slowly started to pour
the thick burning liquid onto her head. Somehow she managed to keep
standing, but released a scream, so loud that it made Ian's ears hurt.
Like soft treacle the molten black mixture ran down the front of her
face, the back of her head, and down onto her torso. He couldn't tell
if her skin was being burnt underneath, though it certainly wouldn't
do it any good!

He raised the whip, that had been tucked into his belt, and brought it
down hard onto the neck of the baby-doll nighty. The thin cotton
split, allowing the burning tar to cover her flat little breasts and
smooth tummy. Four hard lashes to the front of her panties not only
left her cute labia bleeding, but allowed the seeping tar further skin
to stick to. After thirty seconds of allowing the tar to harden
slightly, Ian moved to the bed's head, and picked up the pillow,
slicing it from end to end with a knife. He stood on the bed,
balancing his weight so as not to upset the stool, and lifted the
pillow above her head, before turning it over.

Thousands of feathers dropped from the split, landing on her tar-
covered body. Many of them stuck, but her legs remained black with the
oily material, so Ian pulled off the noose from her neck, and kicked
at the stool. When she landed on the bed-spread, he put his arms in
the pillow case and rolled her back and forth, ensuring that not an
inch of skin was visible, other than her eyes, and the gap of her
lips.

Satisfied with his work, he looked down at his sister, who was now
impossible to identify, though visibly alive from her pained writhing
on the bed. There was something kinky about the sight, she looked like
an animal but in a human shape, and his cock throbbed in erection.

He picked up the feather-covered little girl, and carried her to his
bedroom. Pulling the sheets back on his bed, he carefully laid her in
it, then removed the dinner suit, until he was naked. When he lay on
top of her softly downed body, he pressed his cock against the crack
of her cunt. As he prepared himself to thrust his huge cock deep
inside of her tight girlish pussy he spoke. "See Judy? Now we're even
we'll always be the very best of friends...."

===
--
