Cute01 Part 1.


Ever since I was thirteen or fourteen, I've had a fascination with innocent
girls being dirty. There were always some girls who slept with anyone, and
came to school in abbreviated gym-slips, flashing their young thighs for
anyone who cared to watch. I'd watch them, and enjoy their little parades,
but I thought they were cheap, and wouldn't really fantasize about them.

Much more interesting was a pretty, naive, school-girl, who looked horny
without really meaning to. An example was Juliette, the little sister of a
friend, cute with short brown curly hair, and aged about 12. She always
looked sexy in a girlish sort of way - maybe wearing a pink woolly sweater,
little miniskirt, white tights, and pixie boots. My friend once told me
that he made her give him blow-jobs... I never knew whether it was true,
but I enjoyed vivid fantasies about the idea of her pouty lips wrapped
around my school-boy cock.

One weekend, her brother's parents were away, and he decided to have an
all-night barbecue. I chatted up a couple of girls, but spent most of the
time drinking and talking to the boys. It reached two or three in the
morning, and we sat in the back garden. Juliette was next to me, but not
close, and I wasn't about to try anything with her while my friends looked
on. Then, one of the others tried to put his arm around her - She edged
towards me, obviously not interested, and soon was pressed next to me. She
was wearing a white halter-top, its shoulder ties slipped to the side of
her arms, and a white skirt that finished just above her knees. I put an
arm around her, resting it on her shoulder, and she rested her head against
me. I risked putting my other hand on her knee and she just kissed my neck
gently. "I'm tired.." she murmured into my ear. "Will you take me to bed?".

We had tents pitched in the garden, so we found one and climbed in.
Juliette unrolled her sleeping bag, and pulled out her night-clothes. She
was fumbling and, like myself, had drank far too much considering her age.
"Can I help you?" I asked, and she nodded. As we both knelt on the sleeping
bag, her back towards me, I pulled the little bow the went from the halter
top round her neck. "There's some clips on the back" Juliette whispered, so
I unfastened the four or five clips, and watched the thin white top open
before me. She held her arms up and I lifted the top up, and put it to one
side. Moving my hands to her tummy, I gently touched her young body,
raising my caresses to the little bumps that were becoming breasts. Her
nipples were hard, maybe from the cold, but she turned and kissed me as I
played with them between my fingers. I moved my lips to hers, and felt a
little tongue probing between them, pushing to touch my own. As she turned
she tilted back onto her bottom, folding her legs up against her front. Her
skirt stretched over her bottom now only covered the top of her legs, and I
touched them, slipping a hand between her calf and thigh. My palm slipped
down to the skirt's hem, then round to the inside of her thigh, until my
fingertips were touching her tight little panties. Her kisses were becoming
more furtive, so treating this as desire I slipped my fingers, and then my
hand, under the knickers, and over her smooth, almost hairless pussy. Her
knees parted so exerting some pressure on my middle finger, I parted her
labia, and touched the tight, sticky, inside of this cute little
school-girl vagina. After playing like this for what felt like hours,
Juliette slipped out of her skirt and panties, I undressed, and together we
climbed into the sleeping bag, pressed body to body, closely together.

My penis was long and hard, and below the fabric of the bag, I felt her
fumbling fingers stroking me. Reaching down, I closed her fingers around
its girth and motioned them up and down, then moved an arm around her lithe
body. My fingers touched the cleft of her buttocks, and pressed her groin
closer as she slowly masturbated me.

The young, pretty, nymphet begin to whimper, becoming excited from the
un-deliberate rubbing of her own hands against her clitoris, and the pace
of her masturbation began to increase. She started to suck on my ear-lobes,
licking up and down my neck, and I knew that I would soon be cumming. "Can
I cum inside of you?" I asked, gently. By way of an answer, the twelve year
old brunette rolled us, as if as one, so that I was on top of her, between
her knees.

Reaching between her legs, I parted her labia and nudged the head of my
cock between the lips. Her fingers joined mine, then moved to hold my
foreskin, continuing her unrelentless wanking, forward and back. She pulled
more than she pushed, and slowly I begin to slip into her tight cavity, I
ecstatic as I floated on the verge of orgasm. As my penis was enveloped a
few inches into her pussy she grunted as her hymen broke, and put her
fingers around my balls, squeezing gently. I pushed slightly harder, and
slid deep into her body.

Juliette said nothing, but emitted little pants and gasps as I moved in and
out. Her forefinger stretched up touching the skin between my scrotum and
anus. "Juliette, my bottom, touch my bottom and help me cum....". The
obedient girl kissed my lips, then pushed a forefinger an inch into my
rectum making me gasp. "Do it, please, do it now" she said, crying in her
lust. I pulled my prick back until just its head was inside of her, then
begin more forcefully and deeply thrusting in and out. Her tongue was
darting around my mouth, as she wiggled the finger that penetrated my
behind, and in moments I felt a cold sensation raising from the inside of
my legs, up into my balls. "Yes, Juliette, Yes" I told her, feeling her
other hand vibrating the small part of my cock that was outside of her
young cunt. With a final thrust, I ejaculated my cum deep inside of her,
with the sudden realisation that I could be making her pregnant. I half
pulled out, but as the next wave of orgasm hit me, pushed back in, not
caring in my ecstasy. My whole body felt that it was in orgasm as I spurted
again and again. Eventually I stopped, exhausted but sated, and stayed
inside, still kissing my young girl-friend as my penis softened, and we,
together, fell asleep.

I woke up the following morning alone. Feeling guilty, yet uncertain about
the events of the previous evening, I went into the house with some
trepidation. Those who were neither throwing up in the toilets, or still
asleep outside, were eating breakfast, so I joined them, getting a bowl of
cereal and a black coffee. I was a bit queasy and conscious that Juliette
in some fit of nerves might have told someone of our night together.
However, a few minutes later, Juliette appeared, looking like a vision, in
a little white baby-doll nighty. With her panties just visible below its
frilled hem, and cute white ankle-socks she looked like an advertisement
for little-girl sex, and I knew that other boys were effected by her. She
gave me a coy smile, then went over to the fridge. Filling a glass with
milk, she walked back to the door, paused, then came towards me. I was
worried as to what she might say, but she just smiled and passed me a bit
of paper. Her brother looked up, but as she told me it was 'just a
telephone message' looked down again.

It wasn't until I returned home that I opened it. My parents were at
Church, but I went to my room and took the note from my pocket, laying it
on the bed.

"Dear Ian,

Last night was lovely for me... I love you so much, but know that you're
probably not interested in a girl like me because I'm too young. I don't
mind if you have lots of other girl-friends, but I'll always do anything
for you. I've been looking at William's dirty magazines since I came to
bed, and read one that showed an older girl in a school uniform being
spanked. Would you want to spank me? Is that what men want to do with girls
like me? Maybe you want me to suck your willy while you spurt your white
stuff into my mouth? You could do anything at all, really, even if I didn't
like it, or if it hurt me, because you're all that matters. Please call me,
and even if I'm not as old, or as pretty, as your other girl-friends, at
least you know that I'll always say yes to you.

I love you.

Juliette."






------------------------------------ Cute Part 2.

I lay on my bed, tired from the previous evening, but feeling elated from
my first real sexual experience of the night before. I shut my eyes and
remembered Juliette's lithe young body pressed against me, her tight juicy
pussy squeezing my hard cock. I begin to harden under my jeans, and pulled
a small briefcase from under my bed. I flipped the combination "696 969",
not really understanding what a 69 was, but knowing that it was
appropriate! The case opened, and I removed a plastic bag from inside.

I'd collected this batch of 'dirty' pictures and magazines over the
previous year or two. It had started with a few Swedish "Private" magazines
that I'd bought from an older guy at school, then been added to by a stash
of books that we found in a nearby dump. At the top was an envelope of
pictures taken from the Sunday paper advertising sections, from clothes
catalogues, and various other papers, books, and magazines. I laid out some
of the pictures, and begin to masturbate.

I gazed at the first picture, ripped out from a copy of "Rolling Stone". It
was of a fourteen year old German singer, 'Nena', looking girlishly horny
in a tight-fitting little black dress, her long legs slightly parted as she
pouted for the camera. Her lovely short brown hair stopped short of her
shoulders, and little bangs of hair covered her forehead, some curling over
her eyes.

To its right was a photography taken from a kitchen-fittings catalogue. A
pretty blonde woman was pouring coffee, her back to the photographer,
dressed in a towel robe the just reached below her buttocks. Facing her was
one of her daughters, aged maybe 15, with long strawberry-blonde hair tied
up with a length of pink ribbon. The young girl was reaching up for a
carton of corn-flakes, stood on tip- toes, and pulling up the hem of a
short, baby-blue night-shirt. Little slits on the night-shirts sides ran up
to her waist, just exposing a pair of tight frilly panties.

My eyes fell to some photographs I'd taken from my Mum's album. The first
showed my youngest cousin, Michaela, at my own little sister's eighth
birthday party. Michaela couldn't have been much over six at the time, and
I felt bad for fantasizing about the winsome little girl. She wore a frilly
pale green party-dress, with bunched shoulders that left her arms bare,
tight around her torso, and a cute flounced frilly skirt that started at
her waist and finished at the top of her baby-girl thighs. Her short legs
were covered in white cotton tights or stockings, her feet clad in a pair
of petite  pink school-girl shoes. She smiled at the camera, her little
platinum-blonde pony-tail falling to one side of her face, hugged by a
teddy-bear she held against her cheek.

As I enjoyed sordid thoughts of these four girls naked in bed with me,
playing with my genitals, and each others, I pulled a book from the plastic
bag. The book, bound in a nondescript cardboard cover, said simply
"Violated" and was one of my finds at the dump. When I first read it, I was
partly disturbed at its contents, despite having read a multitude of
pornographic stories in soft-porn magazines. However, on subsequent
readings, I started to find the tale of sadism on a young, innocent, family
to be a turn on. I turned to the first page, and begin to read.

     The book tells a fictional story of a family, attacked in the middle
     of the night by a gang of hoods. Having silently entered the husband
     and wife's bedroom they place chloroform-soaked pads against their
     faces, ensuring that they, at least temporarily, remain unconscious.
     After clearing the house of all apparent valuables, they realise that
     there's no jewellery amongst their stash and return to the couple. The
     husband is tightly bound, naked as he lays in bed, with clothes-line.
     The young, naked wife is dragged over to the small chair that sits by
     her dressing- table.

     They use more line to tie her body against the back of the chair,
     pulling the rope hard against her pert young breasts. Her free legs
     are pulled apart then lifted, bare under a short "teddy" nightie, so
     that they are widely parted, then tied in this position, one to each
     arm of the chair. One of the men leaves the room, carrying a bucket of
     cold water, and bringing the news that a young girl, presumably a
     daughter, lies asleep in the room next-door.

     Ignoring this for the moment, the man proceeds to pour half the water
     over the young woman, and the remainder over her husband. Both awake,
     and the woman starts screaming, before a hand is placed over her
     mouth. "Make any more noise, either of you, and the girl next-door
     gets our attention" says one of the men. Both remain silent as the man
     continues. "Now, where's your jewellery?" The husband speaks, his
     voice shaking with concern for his wife and family.

          "We...We don't have any.. It's all been sold... I promise.."

          "You expect us to believe that?" shouts the man. He removes a
     switch-blade from his jeans, wanders over to the wife, and holds the
     blade pointing downwards, the blunt side to her body, under the neck
     of the white nighty. With a single downward stroke, he slices through
     the thin silk material, splitting it to her navel, and allowing her
     breasts to bounce into view. "No more messing about. Tell us where it
     is!"

          "I m-m-mean it" stammers the husband. Our youngest s-s-son is
     ill, his medical b-b-bills were t-t-too much."

          "Well that's just not good enough!" yells the hood. With his
     hand, he pulls at the remainder of the women's nighty, tearing it from
     her supple body in a single movement. One of the men who'd tied up the
     husband moves forward. "Boss, can I have the bastard?" "Sure Tony.
     Enjoy yourself while I fuck his tarty wife!"

     The four men in the room start to undress, all but one sporting huge,
     stiff, pricks. The husband and wife look on in fear, unsure of what
     might follow, but fearing the worse. Their expectations are proved
     correct as the boss positions himself between the wifes spread-apart
     thighs, and with a single thrust drives himself into her warm exposed
     quim. She screams, hurting from the rude intrusion, but the cruel
     hoodlum is unconcerned, reaching to the dresser for a pair of panties,
     that he proceeds to push between the full pink lips of her mouth.

As I read the book, I looked up at the 'kitchen' photograph. Gazing at the
young blonde mother, I imagine it is her, tied to a chair in front of me,
her lissome thighs spread for my pleasure. I allow my fingers to touch the
inside of her thigh, moving them upwards towards her tightly stretched thin
white panties. Her strawberry-blonde daughter moves behind me, and I feel
the fifteen year old's arms circling my waist, as she pops the buttons on
the fly of my Levis. My fingers press under the women's panties, and I push
my fore-finger into her moist vagina, making her wiggle in embarrassment.
Her daughter now has my trousers and underpants at my ankles and I step out
of them, pushing another finger into the mother's cunt.

"Sabina...What are you doing?" the mother asks, distressed. "Shut up Mummy,
and let him do what he wants!" the captivating girl replies with a giggle.
Moving to her Mama's side, she moves a hand between her own legs, stroking
the inside of her soft pubescent thighs. Her hand moves up, to the hem of
the little blue night-shirt, and raises it to fully expose the frilly white
bikini panties. As she presses the fingers of her other hand against the
clearly defined cleft of her labia, the little bimbo arches her back and
emits a guttural sigh of lust.

She raises her fingers to her pale pink lips, pouting like a little girl,
then slips the tips of her fingers into her mouth. You imagine her panties
dark from her moisture along the crease of her labia. "What have you done
to make her like this?" sobs her mother. Removing the fingers from her
mouth, the daughter replies "Mummy! I warned you didn't I!". The teenage
blonde peels her panties down, revealing a thin blonde fuzz of pubic hair,
then steps our of them. She brings them to her mummy's face, placing their
damp crotch between the poor women's lips, and her own forefinger. With a
push, she begins to stuff the cum-soaked cotton into her own mothers mouth
until just the string of one waistband hangs down from her lips to her
chin.

"Fuck mummy for me Ian. Pretty Please?"

As you savour the idea of the women's humiliation, you look at the book,
still masturbating from your fantasies.

     The boss places his penis at the entrance to the wife's cunt, then
     with a single push, fills her with his nine inches of hard male flesh.
     The husband cries out at the cruel rape of his lovely wife, only to
     feel a pair of hands spreading the cheeks of his bottom. He sees in
     the dresser mirror a huge man, presumably Tony, positioning his cock,
     ready to impale him on it. "No....NO!" he shrieks, as Tony grabs his
     shoulders and pulls him hard. The huge, thick penis is even larger
     than that now inside his wife, and causes unbelievable agony as it
     tears through his virgin rectum. Tony is vigourous in thrusting
     forward and backwards, oblivious to the pain he is causing. Tony's
     face contorts as he reaches orgasm, and he fills the man's anus with
     his hot stinging ejaculate.

     The boss, turned on by the distress the husband's rape is causing his
     beautiful wife, also nears orgasm. "OK Slut... Unless you want me to
     let Tony add your daughter's ass to his conquests you'll do exactly as
     I ask. Understand?" The hog-tied woman nods her agreement vigourously,
     and her assailant pulls the panties from her mouth.

     "Right baby, this is the low-down. You're going to turn me on by
     saying obscene things about yourself. If they're dirty enough you
     might make me cum onto your tarty little face. Otherwise, well,
     otherwise we'll see how much better the young lady next door can do."

     The poor woman is dumbstruck from the horror of what is being done to
     her. "I thought you were going to co-operate bitch! Tony... get the
     girl!". "No...No.. I'll do what you say" sobs the woman, finding her
     voice. "Good girl! Now tell me what a slut you are!"

     "I'm a slut. I'm a tramp. I enjoy you fucking me.." sobs the woman.
     "You can do better than that! I want to hear the truth! You want to be
     raped, sodomised, you want to be spanked and whipped. You want to fuck
     your dog, and suck your daughter. Tony! Go and get her!"

     "NO! No.... I will...I'll do what you want, I am a slut and I wanted
     to be raped by you. I wanted to feel a huge cock, a cock too big for
     me, raping my pussy, while I'm slapped across the face. Push my slutty
     face to the floor, and I'll pull apart my buttocks and you can fuck my
     ass. Use a riding whip on my back while you fuck me.. I'll spread my
     legs and enjoy it as you pull out and my dog fucks me. I'll enjoy it,
     I'm a whore. I'll kiss my daughters sweet pussy, then you'll spank me
     again. Make me hurt but leave her alone."

     As these obscenities come from her sweet mouth, the boss ejaculates,
     spurting a wad of semen onto her cheek. As it drips down the side of
     her face a second string of cum hits the bridge of her nose, then a
     third shoots between her parted lips to land on her tongue. "Don't
     swallow!" orders the boss.

     On the dressing table sits a Polaroid camera. "Take dirty pictures of
     each other huh? I'd like a little momento for me and the boys. I'm
     going to take your photograph, and I want you to smile, and allow my
     cum to dribble from your lips. Do that and we'll go."

     The boss sits himself on the edge of the bed, pointing towards his
     captive. When the camera indicates that the flash is charged, he
     motions for her to start. "Smile baby. Make love to the camera, you've
     done it before I guess!" She pouts her lips as if to whistle, and
     blows, and a globule of semen dribbles out, the thick white cream
     leaving a glossy trail as it runs towards her chin. "Smile!" She
     raises the corners of her mouth, and parts her lips, little strings of
     cum stretching between them, and the boss presses the shutter button.
     "Hold that pose baby" he says, now surrounded by the other men, and
     shoots another frame.

     As the semen begins to drip from the women's face, landing as sticky
     strings on her firm young breasts, the men view the pictures as they
     develop. Both show just her face, smiling, and dripping with cum.
     "Tony.. Put one of these on the girl's pillow. The other we'll take
     with us! A word to anyone baby, and I copy this and push it through
     every mail-box in the street!"

     The men run from the house laughing, the couple destined to remain
     tied, until their daughter wakes up. As they reach the town limits the
     boss stops. "Tony... did you leave the picture for the girl to see?".
     There's no answer. "Shit! Where's Tony?" The other men shrug their
     shoulders, and continue walking, away from the scene of their crime.

As I reached this, the end of the book's first chapter, I looked at the
first picture, cute, pretty Nena, a dirty little bimbo, aching for my cum.
Wanking furiously, I climaxed, dripping my cum all over her horny little
black dress, making the ink run. If only it were real, I contemplated, then
remembering Juliette's letter, realised that it could be.






-------------------------------------- End of CUTE02

Cute Part 3.


Having slept for most of the day, I awoke at dusk, ready for another
evening out.


I realised that the phone was ringing, so raced down-stairs to catch it.
"Hello - Ian speaking".

"Hi Ian! This is Sophie - did you have a good time last night?" Sophie was
my girlfriend, slightly older than me, and had been at cheer- leader
training the previous night. "Err, yes Soph - It was OK". "Well listen,
I've got some cinema tickets - do you want to come? They're showing "The
Exorcist" and "Evil Dead" - It should be really scary!"

I wondered for a moment whether Juliette would be there. The cinema was run
by some Italians, who didn't seem to take any attention of age at the door,
so most of the local kids went quite a lot. Sophie would kill me if she
found out about Juliette. It would also be very embarrassing! All the same,
I hadn't seen the movies before, and Sophie was both one of the prettiest
in town, and cute in the way I liked, so I said I'd go.

Sophie was waiting outside when I arrived. I wouldn't have claimed to be
the best looking guy around, but for whatever reason the fifteen year old
blonde was infatuated with me, and we'd been going together for weeks.
Tonight, she wore the outfit I liked best ; a short pink wool dress, really
no more than a long sweater. It had a butterfly stitched onto the pale pink
wool with powder blue sequins, and reached down to the middle of her knees
and thighs. She ran over and kissed me when I arrived. "Ian! I'm so glad
you came. I've really missed you!" she said in a little-girl voice. "Mummy
and Daddy are away, so we could go back to my house and play Trivial
Pursuits afterwards!" She had a dirty smile on her lips as she spoke, and
it was quite clear that Trivial Pursuits was not going to be the only game
we would play.

I queued at the counter, presented our tickets, and after buying some
pop-corn and a hot-dog we went in, taking a back-row corner seat in the
large Odeon. As the trailers begin, I felt her hand resting on my leg, so
allowed my own hand to touch hers. The hem of her sweater had pulled up,
exposing most of her shapely long legs. Looking around, I saw that we were
separated from the rest of the audience who had chosen seats closer to the
front, obviously more interested in the Exorcist than we were!

Turning left, towards Sophie, I swept her hair to the back of her head, and
kissed her ear, making her smile. Her legs parted slightly, and I allowed
my fingers to slip between the furrow of her thighs, and up to the hem of
her dress. Her hand moved up to the waist of my jeans, slipping down the
front, and finding the head of my penis that was now standing hard and
upright! "Your a tart Sophie" I told her. "Hee..I am aren't I! A proper
little slut and I love it!" she replied, popping the buttons of my fly. She
placed her left hand on my wrist that lay against the woolly hem, and
pulled my fingers towards her midriff. Needing no more prompting I stroked
the sensitive inner thigh, the pressed against the front of her panties.


"Ohh Ian... Make me cum, I'm throbbing for you babes". I couldn't believe
that a girl could get so randy from just having her leg stroked - At least
I wouldn't have believed it until I met Sophie. I moved my other hand to
her pussy, my arm stretched as I tried to give the appearance that I was
watching the movie, and pulled at the crotch of her panties. "OW!" she
gasped. "You're pulling my pubic hair!" My hand retreated, as I checked
that no-one had heard her complaint. "No babes, don't stop - I don't care,
I feel so horny!"

She pulled on my stiff rod, and suddenly it was out, the flys of my jeans
parted, and my underpants pulled down to its base. She kissed me on the
nose, then moved her head down to my crotch, taking the blood- filled head
of my cock between her sweet young lips. Turning her body, she knelt on the
floor, between my spread thighs, looking up at me. Her tongue ran up and
down the stem of my cock, licking around the ridge of its head, then moving
to my balls, taking one in her mouth and rubbing her tongue furiously
against the wrinkled scrotum. Raising her eyes to meet mine, she parted her
lips, and touched the tips of her first and second fingers to her tongue.
She sucked at the fingers, first to their knuckles, then slipping the whole
of each into her mouth. This show of girlish-ness preceded her moving the
sucked fingers back to the base of my scrotum, then pushing, between the
cleft of my buttocks to my rectum. Fiddling with my asshole, I nodded in
confirmation and felt the first finger push against my sphincter, then
enter me, soon followed by the second finger.


As she sucked and blowed, licked and kissed at my dick, her fingers fiddled
inside my ass, pushing deeply into it, pulling out, then easing back in.
"Ian... Make a mess of me. I'm a slut and I deserve no better. Please
Ian...I want to feel wanton..." she moaned, and started picking up various
bits of rubbish from the cinema's carpeted floor, placing them on her seat.

"Make me sticky Ian, make a mess of my dress" she breathed between long
swipes of her tongue against my prick. SHe had positioned her self astride
one of my outstretched legs, and I noticed the she was rubbing her crotch
hard and fast against the toe of my shoe. Perspiration ran down her pretty
young face, smearing her make-up, as she looked up pleading, motioning
towards the collection of objects she'd discovered. "If I mess up your
dress, how will you get out?" I asked, but she just shook her head from
side to side. "I don't care, please Ian, please!

Thats all I have !!!!!!!   HELP.....................



