****************************************
MRDOUBLE DISCLAIMER:
I did not write this story.
I don't know who the author is.
****************************************

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

WARNING ... This story contains graphic descriptions of sex among
adults, pre-teens, & children, between adults, pre-teens, & children.  If you
find this offensive stop reading now.
 
This story is entirely fictional and any similarity between persons
and events depicted in it and actual persons and events is purely
coincidental.  The story is pure fantasy and none of the events
described herein are practiced, advocated or condoned by the author.

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::Archive-name: Family/cuzluv5.mf
Archive-author: Nobo Cough
Archive-title: CuzLuv


CHAPTER 5 - FINAL CHAPTER

   I went to sleep that night totally exhausted, and totally satisfied.  It
would be a day I would always remember.  My first fuck and my first blow
job!  Of course it was slightly embarrassing that I had two twelve year old
girls to thank for it, and I certainly wouldn't want to "brag" to any of my
friends at school about the experience.  I had loved it though, and wanted
more.  After only two days here, I knew that during the next three weeks I
would be in a veritable delirium of pleasure.  My lust demon assumed
complete authority at mission control.  The "count-down" had begun at
twelve.  Soon it would be eleven, ten, nine, ...eight?  That all depended
upon Kim's friends on the gymnastics team, I chuckled to myself.
   At breakfast the next morning, Lisa and I kept giving each other smiling
looks and winks when the twins weren't watching.  As she was washing the
dishes, I walked past her and gave her sweet little butt a pat, leaving my
hand for a squeeze.  This elicited a little giggle as she arched away
reflexively, turning her head to see if the twins could see.  "They're
watching TV down in the basement," I told her, continuing to grope her
cheeks.
   "You're just terrible, Tim," she said through her widening grin.
   "Sorry, Lisa," I whispered, "but I can't keep my hands off that gorgeous
body of yours."
   "I'm glad you can't!" she kidded.
   "Let's do it right here in the kitchen, Lisa, right now," I suggested
recklessly.
   "Stop it, Tim.  They might come upstairs any moment," she chided me,
sounding a bit more mature after last night's carnal recreation.  "I'm
gonna go get changed upstairs, then ride over to Jenny's for the afternoon. 
You wanna help me get dressed?"
   "Let's go!" I exclaimed, as we raced each other up the stairs to her
room, locking the door behind us.  I moved determinedly closer to her,
staring deeply into her green eyes, and held the sides of her face with
both hands.  Tilting my head slowly, I had to bend down to her while
bringing her head up to mine.  My lips met her waiting mouth as I tongue
fucked it passionately.  Lisa began to moan, exerting gentle gripping
suction on my tongue during each thrust.  I remembered that this was the
first time we had actually kissed, having reversed the customary sequence
of things.
   I reached down to untie the front of the robe she had worn at breakfast
and explored her nakedness with my hands, raising them up along her slim
rib cage to cup those fabulous breasts.  She moaned faster and loader now,
darting her own tongue into my mouth.  My fingers squeezed her firm titties
and caressed each nipple, alternately pinching them.  She almost came right
there, losing her balance on her tip toes.
   I broke away from our kiss, lowering my mouth to her right breast. 
Still squeezing it with my hand rhythmically, I began to suck on her
hardened nipple, rolling my tongue around it.  "Ohh, God, Tim, that feels
so goood!" she breathlessly sighed.  This continued for another few minutes
as I switched between the pair, not wanting to favor one over the other. 
Lisa was gripping my hair, pushing me hard against her chest, thoroughly
enjoying herself.
   Suddenly she backed away and went to her knees, clawing furiously at the
snap and zipper of my cutoffs, yanking them down in record time as my cock
sprang out to meet her wanton face.  "I'm gonna do it Tim, like that girl
in the video, just because I love you so much," she whispered, "but,
please, Tim, don't, um, well please don't do it in my mouth, OK?"
   "Oh, Lisa, you're great!" I encouraged her.  "I promise I'll pull it out
right before, and it probably won't take very long, either," I told her
with complete honesty.
   "OK, thanks..." she said, before that soft and slightly frightened voice
was silenced by my hard cock spearing between her lips.  She seemed to be
intuitively aware of the pain her teeth would cause, opening her jaw wide. 
I reached down to her head to aid the thrusting motions.  "Yesss, Lisa,
suck on it, harder, suck my prick!" I lustfully ordered.  She seemed turned
on by my nasty words, sucking my cock harder still, while I increased the
pace.
   Having been so excited by her unexpected service, I felt myself about to
cum after only a minute or two.  "Ugghh! Lisa...I-I'm almost there, yesss,
NOWW!" I warned as she quickly pulled away just in time.  I reached down
with my hand to jerk myself off at my climax, spraying my cum right at her
cute little face.  "Ohhh, yeah," I moaned softly, not wanting to let the
twins hear me, as Lisa squinted her eyes shut in reaction to my shooting
cream.  Her forehead and cheeks were drenched with the sticky globs of
fragrant, warm jism.
   "Oh my gosh, Tim," she said in a startled tone, "I'm glad this stuff
didn't go in my mouth!"  She got up to grab her towel from its rack and
wiped the cum off her face.
   "You know, Lisa," I lied, taunting her, "some of the older girls I know
told me they really love the taste of it.  They say it makes them feel
grown up to do it, like those women in the X-rated movies."
   "Gosh, do they really?" she asked, feeling kind of ashamed for not doing
it all the way.  "I don't know...m-maybe I'll try it, just a little to see
what it tastes like."  She was determined to win my approval and nervously
approached my shrinking cock.  It had a tiny pearl of cum dripping from the
head.  She carefully extended her tongue and lapped it up with her eyes
tightly shut, tasting it with a strange look on her face.  My cock jerked
from her tongue's touch, but more from the sight of this little girl's face
as she tasted jism for the first time.  "I-I guess it's not that bad...kind
of weird tasting, sort of salty and warm."
   "Hey, Lisa," I reassured her, "you don't have to do it.  I know the
older girls are more experienced at this kind of thing."  I was terrible,
again bringing up the "older" girls, who were of course completely
fictional.
   "No," she insisted, "if they can do it so can I!"
   "Boy, Lisa, you really ARE grown up, aren't you!?" I told her with true
appreciation for her bravery and daring.
   "Hey, Tim, I really should get dressed now," she said, smiling at my
complement, "before one of my bratty kid sisters happens to come up here,
you know?"
   "Yeah, you're right," I agreed, "have a good time with Jenny.  But,
Lisa, could you do me a favor?  I know she's your best friend and all, but
please don't tell her about what we did, OK?  I could get into a lot of
trouble, ya know?  You could tell her that we kissed and made out a little
if you want to, well, brag a little," I said smiling with a knowing wink. 
I didn't want her to tell Jenny for those reasons, but also because I
wanted to get into Jenny's pants too.  She might hate me out of jealousy if
she knew I had fucked Lisa.
   "I promise, Tim.  We talk about a lot of things, but for you, I won't
mention it, I swear," she said with genuine sincerity.
   "Thanks a lot, Lisa," I told her with greater gratitude than she was
aware of.  "You're really fantastic!"  I pulled up my shorts as Lisa got
dressed and walked her to the front door, kissing her as we said goodby.
   I decided to check on the twins, and as I approached the basement door,
I heard one of them say, "Hurry, someone's coming!"  Then I heard some
rustling and scampering of feet.  Walking down the stairs I thought I saw
Terri shove something behind her quickly out of the corner of my eye. 
"What's going on, you two?" I asked them suspiciously.
   "Oh, nothing, Tim," Sue muttered, and they both ran past me on the
stairs.  Terri was being shielded from view by her sister, and it looked
like she was holding something behind her back.  As they raced up and out
the basement door, Sue stopped, saying, "Hey, Tim, we're going to ride our
bikes over to Beth's house.  Be back by supper, OK?"
   "Yeah, fine," I said, wondering what was going on.  Well, I thought,
Beth might be one of their cute little cheerleader friends, and maybe they
were planning some kind of naughty surprise for me.  I couldn't wait! 
Hell, Beth might even be younger and more innocent than they were, feeling
so aroused now by very young girls.
   I sat down on the couch for awhile, counting my blessings: 12+11+11+9 !
Thinking lasciviously at other possible numerals, I felt my cock hardening
again.  It just wouldn't quit.  I ran up the stairs to get the video from
my underwear drawer, just to have something to watch while jacking off.  It
wasn't there!  Oh, no, I thought, I must have left it in the VCR last
night, being so flustered after my first fuck.
   I raced downstairs, checking the VCR.  It was gone!  Looking around
desperately, it finally hit me -- that's what Terri had hidden behind her
back.  They had obviously stumbled upon it when they were down here before. 
Hmmm, I thought, maybe this wasn't so bad after all.  They could get a
short video tutorial on the many variations of sex while watching it with
their friend Beth.  I began to envision three little hairless cunts being
pumped with tiny eager fingers as the scenes I knew so well were rolling by
in front of their virgin eyes.
   It was better that they knew what they were getting into, or rather,
what was about to get into them!  My heavenly vision was disturbed by the
ringing of the telephone next to me.  It was Kim, asking to be picked up
from her friend Patti's house.  She asked if Patti could come over for a
swim as well.  "Sure," I answered, almost too quickly, "I'll be right
over," knowing that we'd be alone at the house for the entire afternoon.
   When I picked them up, Patti was cradling her towel and swimming suit
under her arm carefully.  Once we arrived at our house, Kim reached under
Patti's towel and yanked out a video tape that had been hidden there. 
"Here, Tim," she said with a giggle, "we made this for you."
   "Thanks, Kim.  Is this the nature video you talked about making," I
asked, hoping it was anything but.
   "Well, you'll just have to watch it to find out," she said, as both
girls skipped out of the car toward the pool.  "You can watch it
downstairs, while we're swimming," she shouted behind her.
   I clutched that tape like it was a precious jewel, bounding down the
stairs to start it up.  The first shot was of an open notebook, with
writing on the first page.  They had actually made titles!  Spielberg would
be proud of these young film makers.  But perhaps Woody Allen would die to
direct their next production! (Sorry about that, but I couldn't resist a
topical reference -- I love his films, especially 'Manhattan,' and I think
he's gettin' screwed by the press!  Of course, it's probably no surprise to
you readers who've gotten this far that David Hamilton is my hero.)
   It read, "A Dance for Tim," then as the page was turned by a small hand,
"Starring Kim Barnes, Directed by Patti Welsh"
   No, this was no nature video, I thought greedily, it would be more like
a naturist video.  Patti was obviously behind the camcorder, and it shook
around quite a bit, but the content was worth the eye strain.  Here was my
nine year old cousin Kim, dancing as she had before to the beat of a rock
tune in the background.  Elvis Costello, yet, one of my favorites!  She was
rocking and thrusting her pelvis along with the thumping base line of "Pump
It Up."  She lifted her shirt over her head just as she had done before,
smiling and staring at the camera.  Then it was time for her shorts.  Kim
unsnapped them first, did a few turns, then lowered the zipper slowly,
still swiveling her hips to the music.
   Now I watched the finale that had been denied me before.  She slipped
her thumbs in the waistband of both the shorts and panties, lowering them
over her hips and past her feet, kicking them away.  She was dancing
completely naked now, as her long blonde hair cascaded over her contrasting
deep tan.  Spinning several times slowly to show me her entire loveliness,
my eyes focused upon the pale patch of skin which her bikini bottoms had
shielded from the sun.  I couldn't stand this erotic scene any longer, and
I freed my hardened cock to stroke it fiercely, wishing it were buried deep
inside that tiny hairless nine year old pussy.
   Just then I heard the same creaking sounds on the floor boards above me
that I had heard before.  In my peripheral vision I saw the basement door
open just a crack, knowing that Kim and Patti were spying on me.  I was
glad they could see me, feeling a little bit like a flasher, exposing my
hard cock to their young eyes, pounding away at it feverishly.
   Then I heard Patti's voice directing the young starlet to lie back on
the bed and spread her legs.  Kim not only spread them, but pulled her legs
far back to her shoulders, leveraging them with her arms.  Her gymnastics
had given her extreme flexibility, and those spreading legs pulled the
juvenile lips of her pussy wide open, revealing both her pee and shit holes
to my mesmerized eyes.  Just as suddenly as it began, the tape went blank,
sadly filling the TV screen with snowy static.  I stuffed my unsatisfied
cock back into my pants, hearing small padding feet above scurrying away.
   I walked up the stairs slowly, giving them time to resume the supposed
swimming, and joined the girls by the pool.  "Hey, Kim," I said, "that was
quite a video you gave me."
   "Did you like it?" she asked, knowing I did very much by the effect it
had upon my cock.
   "Hmmm, it was very naughty of you two to do that, but, yes, it was kinda
neat, and sexy," I said trying to be forthright with them, hoping they'd do
the same.  "Do you feel like doing a live show, now that no one's around?"
I asked hopefully.
   "Oh, goody!" they both screamed, taking off their bikinis under water,
tossing them on the cement.  "It's your turn, Tim," Patti giggled, turning
beet red with anticipation.
   "I guess it's only fair," I said, removing my tee shirt and shorts,
flexing a bit as I sauntered nearer to the pool's edge.  They were both
staring at me intently as I dove into the pool to join them.  I swam under
water after the dive, rising up below Kim's naked body, grazing my hand
along her pussy as I surfaced.  She giggled and kicked away playfully at my
touch.  Then I dove under again, swimming between Patti's legs from behind,
grasping her thighs around my neck as I exploded up to the surface,
bringing her along with me above the water to expose her completely in the
open air.
   She was laughing the whole way, wrapping her legs tightly around my
neck.  Returning back down, I stood there at the edge of the shallow end,
still holding her naked body above the surface, feeling her bare crotch
pushing against the back of my neck.  I bounced in the water forcefully, as
her light body rose up and plopped down firmly against me again,
stimulating her even more.  It was obviously having its effect, as she
began to buck along with me, rubbing and bouncing her slit against my skin.
   Kim climbed out of the pool to show off her nakedness to me, asking, "Do
you think I look sexy, Tim?"  I answered back, "Oh, yeah, Kim, you look
great like that!" encouraging her.
   Patti freed herself from my shoulders and dove under to check out my
rock hard cock.  She rose to the surface looking very excited and asked,
"Can I feel it, Tim?"  I quickly responded, "I thought you'd never ask! 
Let's go up to the patio with Kim."
   We swam over and walked up the stairs of the shallow end together,
joining my little cousin, sprawling out on their towels.  Patti was the
first to make a move, bending over to grasp my rigid cock in her tiny hand. 
Her hand was so small that she couldn't reach her fingers completely around
it.  "Let me try too," shrieked Kim excitedly, as her hand went around my
shaft above her friend's.  My dick looked like a baseball bat being grabbed
to determine who would get first "ups."  Of course, I was wondering the
same thing!
   "Do you girls know anything about sex, yet?" I asked, hoping to steer
things in the direction I wanted to go.
   Patti was the first to respond, saying, "Well, I heard my brother saying
that boys put their things inside a girl's pee-pee hole to make babies.  Is
that right?"
   "Yes, that's exactly right, Patti," I answered, "but the best part is
that it feels REALLY GOOD!"
   "You mean like how it feels when we rub it?" Kim asked.
   "Lots better than that," I said, wanting to fuck these little girls so
badly.
   "But how can you fit that big thing in my hole?" asked Patti, looking
frightened, "I can barely fit my finger in it."
   "Yeah, but I got two fingers in mine, remember Patti?" said Kim
triumphantly.
   "That's right Kim," I continued in my professorial tone, "a girl's
vagina can stretch to fit a penis in, especially if there's enough
lubrication -- you know, when you feel your cunnies getting wet when you
rub them, that's lubrication.  But you can use vaseline too, and I think we
should go in the house to get some, if you girls really want to learn about
sex."  I had all the answers, quelling any fears and resistance, luring
these little girls to go all the way.
   "OK, Tim, let's try it!" giggled Kim nervously.
   We walked naked up to my room, and I went to the medicine cabinet to get
the jar of vaseline I had seen before.  "Alright, who wants to go first?" I
asked, so turned on by my own question that I almost came right then.
   "Do it to me first, Tim!" shouted Kim quickly, "You're my cousin, and
it's only fair!  But wait, Tim, are we gonna make a baby?"
   "No, Kim." I answered calmly, "you girls are too young for that yet,
don't worry."
   I walked over and picked her up onto the bed while Patti watched.  I
gently pushed her back, spreading her tiny legs, and scooped a large glob
of vaseline from the jar.  I placed my vaseline coated finger right into
her little slit, rubbing it around until I discovered the small entrance
where my cock was longing to explore.  The petroleum jelly easily allowed
the intrusion of my finger up to her hymen, and I left it inside her for a
moment, rotating the upper joint slightly.  "Oh, Tim, that feels neat!" she
gasped.
   I positioned myself above her, saying to Patti, "I think you should sit
above Kim on the bed and hold her head between your legs."  This of course
would serve two purposes -- letting me fuck little Kim with extra force, as
Patti's weight would give added resistance; and, it should definitely
stimulate Patti's little twat as well, feeling the thrusts transferred
though Kim's body in a very interesting demonstration of Newtonian physics.
   "Alright, now, Kim, just try to relax.  This might hurt just a little
bit at first, but you're a big girl, right?" I asked.
   "Yeah, Tim, I can do it I think..." she said in a scared little voice,
feeling a bit reassured with Patti's body firmly planted above her head.
    I reached down to guide my relatively oversized cock head between her
cunt lips, pressing upward until it entered her tiny hole, aided by the
vast amounts of vaseline.  I stopped for a bit, leaving just the head
inside, already feeling that virgin membrane resisting my entrance.  "How
are ya doing," I asked breathlessly, so turned on by this extremely small
little nine year old slit being pressed inward by my cock.
   "I-It's OK, Tim, it feels really good like that, like my finger but
bigger..." she responded, her breathing coming in spasmodic pants.  I saw
Patti's eyes jealously leering at my cock impaling her small friend.
   "OK, Kim, get ready..." I said, as I thrust up into her extremely tight
hole, once, twice, not breaking through yet.  "OOWWW, TIM, OUCH, IT HURTS!"
Kim shrieked, but that nasty lust demon within me kept pushing harder
until, yes, broken at last!  "OOWWWWCHH, TIMMMM!" she screamed, as Patti
and I watched a trickle of blood run down the side of my cock on my
withdrawing thrust.  Back it went, having a mind seemingly of its own,
thrusting deep inside her little cunt, as far as I could go.  Patti was
grunting along with me now, feeling the forceful thrusts against her own
pussy through Kim's head.
   I kept my cock deep inside her, waiting for a reaction.  "Are you OK,
now, Kim?" I asked, barely able to speak through my lust crazed fervor.
   "I-I think so, oh, but it's so BIG!" she answered, panting in fear.
   Keeping my hard cock inside her motionless was a good idea, as I let her
strained cunt walls adjust to its proportions.  I very slowly began to pull
it from her, feeling the incredible suction restraining my exit.  "Ahhh,
ummm, t-that feels gooood," she moaned, relaxing her muscles a bit.
   Very gently I reversed direction, easing back into her, as she began to
resist it again.  "W-WAIT, NO, W-WAI -- Yesss, uggghhh, hmmm, that's
better, hmmm, slooowwly, yeah!" she moaned, starting to actually feel
pleasure, learning how to let her cunt walls relax, taking in my size with
the aid of the vaseline.
   Once more I stopped at full insertion, pausing, asking her, "Are you
sure you're OK, Kim?"
   "Y-Yeah, uh, it feels OK now...it's starting to f-feel good...please,
Tim, could y-you hold it in there, just like that for a while...?"
   This request took herculean strength to accommodate.  My instinct was to
thrust back and forth viciously, but I managed to do what she asked,
beginning to enjoy the motionless gripping sensation of that little pussy
around my cock.
   I looked up at Patti as she stared wide-eyed at my cock buried deeply
inside Kim's little cunt lips, inverting the folds inward.  She began to
rock against Kim's head with her crotch in auto-stimulation, and I could
barely feel her motions transferred down to Kim's cunt, allowing a slight
fucking motion.  Kim could sense it as well, as her hips started to
respond, rocking almost imperceptively with the rhythm, allowing my cock to
slide back and forth as well.
   The pace increased, slowly, steadily, and Kim's eyes opened slightly to
stare down at this transformation of pain into pleasure.  I saw her eyes
react to the sight of her blood on my cock.
   "Don't worry, Kim," I whispered soothingly, "that always happens the
first time.  You're doing fine.  Doesn't it feel good now?"
   "Oh, yeah, Tim.  It feel so naughty with your..." she began.
   "COCK?" I suggested.
   "Yeah," Kim said louder, starting to increase her bucking motion, "with
your COCK inside me!"
   Patti was beginning to really enjoy the nasty words, staring down at my
dick inside her little friend, feeling her increasingly rapid motion
against her cunt.  "Fuck her, Tim!" she whispered passionately, wanting to
feel the sensations even more through her crotch.
   Kim felt her own desire growing as the pleasure replaced her pain,
asking, "Yes, Tim, FUCK MEEE!! DO IT, HARDER!"
   I was like an animal now, hearing these passionate pleas from the little
nine year olds below me, as I began to actually fuck this cousin of mine. 
"Yeah!" I shouted, "Oh, yeah, Kimmy, I'm FUCKING you now!" as I thrust in
and out of her extremely tight little girl slit.
   Her hips were bucking up against me rapidly now, slightly out of synch
with the motions in her inexperience, but giving us both supreme pleasure
just the same.
   "Oh, Yessss, I'm CUMMMINGGG!!!" I yelled, shooting my jism into this
little girl, seeing both of them going over the edge of ecstasy, cumming a
split second later.
   "OOHHH, God, Tim, this is GGRRREAT!", Kim shrieked, enjoying her first
fuck more than anything she had ever felt.

THE END

Hey, guys, I really have to quit this story.  It would just be a drag to go
into the "plumbing" details of the twins and their friends.  I'll have to
think up a new story now, as I've become a bit bored with this CUZLUV stuff
-- you probably have, too!  Not quite sure when I can get back on the
boards though, because I'm a member of a growing club -- the unemployed!

This series is dedicated to those readers who have shown interest by
sending me kind comments, but I won't mention your names here (I think I
just heard a sigh of relief!)  Have fun, and keep writing stories!  And as
David Letterman says, "Hey, kids, don't try this at home!"   - Nobo Cough
--
