CUZLUV1.TXT  -  A fantasy by Nobo Cough

     It was another boring summer.  I was 17 at the time, and had
just finished my Junior year at St. Marks Prep School for boys. 
That was the problem.  There were no girls at my school, and I
was living on campus in a very strict dorm.  Some of the kids
snuck out at night through their windows, but they were often
caught.  Unlike baseball, at St. Marks, it was two strikes and
you're out.
     The lucky ones would tell stories of secret rendezvous with
girls from the public school.  I could only dream, too scared of
being expelled.  
     I managed to get a few dates over holiday breaks, but never
even got past second base with those girls.  At the movies I
learned how to french kiss, and became quite skilled at it, or so
it seemed by the hot and heavy breathing coming from my date's
lungs.  
     Of course I had my personal stash of dirty magazines, and my
friend Tom had "borrowed" some X-rated videos from his uncle.  He
gave me one to watch over the summer, and every time my parents
went out, my right hand got quite a workout.  It showed
everything, from fucking to oral sex, and I made mental notes as
I watched, learning how much the women in the video enjoyed
getting their pussies licked and fucked.  Some day, I thought.
     July was coming to a close, and I spent my time doing odd
jobs for the neighbors.  One day, my Mom asked me to come over to
the phone to speak with my Aunt Justine about a job.  
     My Aunt lived in the country, and I remembered spending a
few weeks at her large farmhouse years before.  There was a great
pool in the backyard, and the basement was finished as a game
room, complete with a wet bar, couch, TV, VCR, and a pool and
pingpong table. 
     She had divorced her husband after catching him fooling
around with his secretary.  The settlement left her custody of
their four young daughters.  The last time our family had visited
them, the girls were very young and rather bratty, always
pestering me.
     I took the phone, wondering what job my Aunt Justine had in
mind.  Anything would be better than washing cars and cleaning
windows, I thought to myself.
     "Hi Tim, I spoke with your mother about this, and she thinks
it would be alright," she began.  "I've been invited by a new
friend of mine to go on a three week cruise, but I can't get
someone responsible to watch the house and kids when I'm gone. 
I'll pay you $300 for the three weeks, along with grocery money. 
The girls have promised me they'll behave themselves while I'm
gone.  What do you think?"
     I wasn't sure what to think.  The idea of spending three
weeks watching those bratty little kids certainly didn't thrill
me, but $300 was more money than I could make all summer long. 
     "Well, I suppose it would be alright," I said.  "Will I have
to cook and clean up after the kids too?"
     "Absolutely not," she said.  "I've already made a schedule
for them, where they will cook and do chores on alternate days. 
The only thing I ask is for you to drive them to practice in my
station wagon.  Lisa has soccer practice every afternoon, the
twins are starting Pee-Wee football cheerleading this Saturday,
and little Kim goes to gymnastics practice four times a week.  I
know it sounds like a lot of taxi driving, but at least you won't
have them all in the house at the same time."
     "Boy, they certainly sound busy for kids their age.  How old
are they now anyway?  I haven't seen them for years," I asked.
     "Well, Lisa is almost thirteen now.  She's grown up quite a
bit in the last few months -- always on the phone with her
girlfriends talking about boys.  The twins, Terri and Sue, are
11, and Kim is just 9.  They seemed happy to hear that you might
be staying here.  They remembered when you used to play with them
years ago.  All I hear around the house is, `When is Tim coming?'
     "As you know, the nearest neighbors are half a mile down the
road, and they miss seeing their friends everyday at school.  I
don't think they'll be as annoying as you must remember them, now
that they've grown up a bit."
     "O.K.," I answered, "I'll pack some things and have Mom
drive me out next week."
     "Thanks, Tim, I really appreciate it.  I've been looking
forward to this cruise.  I'll write down all the details of the
girls' schedules and contact numbers for the plumber, power
company, doctor, you know, in case anything goes wrong.  I'll see
you Thursday.  Bye now."
     That was how it began.  I remember thinking to myself, `Boy,
this is going to be Hell dealing with these kids.'  But then,
later that night I wondered what the girls looked like now,
especially Lisa, who Aunt Justine said had grown up quite a bit. 
     The next day I went to the mall with my buddy Tom and told
him about my new job, and the four young girls I would be
watching for three weeks.  His eyes lit up when I mentioned Lisa,
telling him that she was almost 13.
     "I'll bet she has tits already!" he said as we wandered down
the food court of the mall.  Just then a group of four little
girls, not more than twelve years old walked past us, shooting us
big grins, looking us up and down.  I had never even noticed
girls that age before, but after thinking about my cousins, I
checked them out as they walked past giggling.  They all had
shorts on, with tight fitting tee shirts, and I saw their budding
little tits pressing upward against the fabric.  As they passed
us, I glanced back to look at their cute firm butts wiggle down
the aisle.
     `Wow,' I thought to myself, `they're young but they look
sexy!'  One of them turned and caught my stare, and gave me a
wink as she burst into giggles, whispering to her friends.  
     Tom also caught my glance and said, "See what I mean?  Girls
that age can be real foxes.  You are one lucky dog, Tim.  In a
house alone with four young girls.  You might even get laid!"
     "Don't be ridiculous," I shouted back, "they're too young
for that, and anyway, they're my cousins!"  But inside, my mind
was racing, thinking that I might get to sneak a few peeks at a
naked girl in real life, not just those I had seen in pictures. 
Maybe I could even cop a feel if I was lucky.  Aunt Justine did
say that the girls were eager to see me.  Now, with these new
thoughts, I was eager to see them too.
     Thursday finally arrived, and I had packed my things into
two suitcases.  Along with my clothes I stashed a few of my
magazines and the video that Tom had given me.  I had become
addicted to masturbation by this time, and had to bring along my
visual stimuli for the three week stay.  I knew that I could
always stay up later than the kids and whack off in the basement
playroom while they slept.
     Aunt Justine and my cousins met me and my mom as we pulled
into the long driveway.  I was happy to be out of the suburbs and
into the country again.  My aunt's farm house was old but large,
standing on 40 acres of fields and woods.  This was going to be a
great vacation, I thought to myself, and I was getting paid for
it too!
     My cousins and I reintroduced ourselves, and my aunt showed
me the furnace, fuse box, and gave me a neatly typed three page
list of emergency numbers along with the times and locations of
the girls' practices.  I had a hard time concentrating on what
she was telling me, because I was still thinking about the
adorable girls that greeted me with smiles in the driveway.  They
were even cuter than I had imagined.
     Lisa, the oldest, had short brown hair and stunning green
eyes, and she had obviously grown up like my aunt had told me. 
Grown "out" would be a better description -- she had an amazing
set of tits, even though she was still only twelve.  They weren't
very large yet, only the size of very small grapefruits, but they
were so pert and firm looking, ready for squeezing.  Lisa began
asking me questions about High School, trying to act more mature
than her little sisters.
     All of the girls had very lean, muscular bodies, as they
were into athletics from an early age.  The twins, Terri and Sue,
had just begun to develop, and their bodies looked like the girls
I had ogled in the mall a few days back.  They were not identical
twins -- Terri had strawberry blonde hair and Sue was a redhead,
but both had cute freckles and dimples on their cheeks as they
smiled at me.  From the back, they might have passed for boys,
with their slim hips.  Their breasts were obviously growing,
however, and they stood out noticeably under their shirts.  I
looked back and forth at their firm bodies quickly, trying to
decide which one looked sexier.  I wondered what they looked like
under their shorts, and figured they probably hadn't even begun
to grow any fuzz on their little pussies.  The two girls saw me
looking down at their bodies and smiling, they both subtly swayed
their hips, shifting their weight alternately on their feet.  My
eyes rose and met their smirking looks, then darted quickly away
in embarrassment.  Terri leaned over and whispered something into
her twin sister's ear which elicited an excited little giggle
from Sue.  They gave me a look as well, noticing my taut muscular
stomach and chest under my tee shirt.
     Kim, at only nine, was a very light blonde and must have
weighed only 60 pounds soaking wet.  She was a show-off too,
doing cartwheels, trying to get my attention away from her older
sisters.  Her face was the prettiest of all, with a little turned
up nose and sparkling white teeth, accented with the most
beautiful bright blue eyes I had ever seen.  I couldn't believe
that I was actually admiring little Kim as she pranced about --
hell, she was only nine years old, but she looked so cute as she
spun around showing her gymnastic talent.  While the other girls
were wearing training bras that showed under their shirts, Kim's
childish nipples just barely stood out like pencil erasers
through her terri cloth top.  Every time she spun on her hands in
a cartwheel, her shirt fell back enough for me to catch a slight
glance of the pink beginnings of her nipples.  She was giving me
quite a show, and I think she was aware of it, as she kept her
blue eyes glued to mine while she spun upside down.
     I couldn't believe this.  Here I was, seventeen years old,
and actually turned on by my little cousins, none of them even
teenagers yet!  I must be sick, I thought to myself.  Horny as
hell was a better description, because I hadn't even glimpsed at
a girl's slit in my entire life, let alone touched one.
     The twins were giggling and whispering to each other while
Lisa tried to act grown up, following my aunt and I on our tour
of the house.  When my aunt pointed out various details of the
house, Lisa would nod knowingly, adding additional superfluous
information along the way.  She made a point of yawning
occasionally, lifting her arms while arching her back, thrusting
her budding young breasts outward when her mother wasn't looking. 
I was looking though, and I tried to avoid being obvious as I
examined her body.  Lisa even stood right next to me in the
cramped furnace area in the basement, and I felt her left breast
rub against my arm when I turned to get a better look at the hot
water valves that Aunt Justine was pointing at.  In a reflex
reaction, both of us shot a look at each other in embarrassment,
and I noticed her suppressing a nervous smile.  I could tell that
this was going to be a very interesting three weeks!
     After the obligatory hugs and kisses between the girls and
my aunt, my mother drove Justine off to the airport, shouting out
the car window, "Call me every other day, Timmy!"
     "O.K., Mom," I shouted back, hating to be called `Timmy.' 
     The twins quickly chirped up, "Yes, phone me, `Timmy'!" 
They got quite a kick out of my embarrassment, rubbing it in.
     "Come on, you guys," I pleaded, "I won't treat you like
little kids if you don't act like kids."
     "We're sorry," said Sue. "We were just teasing."
     "That's alright," I said, "why don't we all drive out to
town and get a pizza to celebrate the next three weeks away from
parents."
     "Yeah!" they all shouted, and we hopped in the station wagon
to get some 'za.  Lisa jumped in the front seat next to me,
shutting the door quickly to force the three younger girls in the
back.  Along the way she raised her arms back and gripped the
headrest, obviously trying to show off her new assets to me.  I
furtively looked over out of the corner of my eyes to admire her
fresh young tits standing up under her shirt, and almost missed
the turn for the road into town.  
     The twins could see what their older sister was doing, and
as I looked in the rear view mirror I saw Terri looking straight
at me.  She had definitely seen my sidelong glances toward her
older sister's breasts.  
     Terri said, "Hey Lisa, why don't you just lift up your shirt
so Tim can get a better look!"
     "Shut up, you jerks!" Lisa screamed, "I'm just tired and
stretching, that's all."
     "Sure you are," both of them chirped back.
     "Now, now, girls, let's not start fighting, or I'll turn
around right now, and we can forget about the pizza."  I was
trying to control the situation, while at the same time
attempting to show that I wasn't interested in looking at Lisa's
tits.  I hoped it was a convincing act.  Lisa returned her arms
to her sides, and the twins shut up for the rest of the trip. 
Needless to say, I was a bit disappointed, and I was also getting
a rock hard boner in my shorts.
     When we got back to the house, we went downstairs with the
pizza to eat and watch some TV.  We sprawled out on the long
comfortable couch to enjoy our pizza while watching the tube. 
Aunt Justine had cable, and MTV was the program of choice for the
girls.  
     As we ate and watched the music videos, little Kim stopped
eating and got into one of her exhibitionist moods again, dancing
in front of us to the music.  Her lithe young body was swaying
and jerking rather provocatively to the music.  I couldn't help
but admire her form, as this child was attempting to look sexy,
thrusting her pelvis to the beat.  
     Then one of the mischievous twins exclaimed, "Hey, Kim looks
like a stripper the way she's dancing!"
     "Yeah!  Hey Kim, take it off!  Take it all off!  Tssst, Tst
Tst Tssst, Tssst, Tst Tst Tssst!" shouted Sue and Terri,
teasingly egging their little sister on in time to the music.
     Lisa and I didn't say a word, trying to act mature and
ignoring their juvenile taunting.  
     Suddenly, Kim reacted with a big grin, beginning to sway and
rock even more, imitating the moves of the girls in the video. 
She reached down and eased off one sneaker, then the other,
tossing them in my direction.  Then as she spun and danced, she
locked her eyes on mine and slowly pulled up her shirt.  
     Her older sisters were still egging her on, "Take it off, 
Kimmy, take it off!"
     Kim stood smiling at me with a devilish grin and lifted her
shirt over her head, baring her little nine year old chest.  I
now had a complete view of her cute little nipples on top of
those small bumps of grade school tits.  Her tan was golden,
except for her light skinned titties and the bikini line around
her back.  She seductively turned several times and threw her
shirt into my lap.  I was glad it landed where it did, as it hid
the beginning of an erection under my shorts.  
     My eyes and ears couldn't believe what was happening, as
this little vixen exhibitionist was definitely enjoying giving me
a show of her firm young upper body.  Then she lowered her hands
to the waist band of her shorts and jutted her behind toward me. 
Kim began sliding them down her cute little ass, still rocking
back and forth to the beat of the music.
     The twins were energetically taunting her, "Take it all off,
Kimmy!"
     Just as I began to see top of her panties under her lowering
shorts, Lisa stomped her feet and said, "Now that's enough!  Stop
it!"
     In my embarrassed state I had to agree with Lisa, saying,
"Yes, put your clothes on right now, little lady!  And you twins
stop encouraging her!"
     "Ahhh, too bad, show's over," said Terri.  She reached over
to my lap to pick up her little sister's shirt and gently
squeezed her tiny hand right through the fabric as she grabbed
it.  I don't know if she felt my hard dick, but I sure felt her
hand press on it.  I quickly shifted, crossing my legs at the
contact, hiding my hardon when Kim's shirt was lifted.
     Terri got off the couch and handed the shirt to Kim.  When
Kim lowered it back down over her tanned flesh, Terri bent over
and whispered something into Kim's ear.  Immediately Kim spun and
giggled uncontrollably as she looked first at my face and then
down toward my crossed legs.  Blushing brightly she skipped over
to the stairs and bounded up them taking three steps at a time.
     "Time for bed, you guys," ordered Lisa to her twin sisters.
     "Hey, who died and made you queen?" complained the twins.
     "Lisa's right," I said.  "Your mother said that you three
younger girls have to be in bed by ten, and Lisa can stay up to
eleven because she's older."
     "Ohhh, come on, please...?" the twins pleaded.
     "That's final," I said with authority, hoping to establish
my position early on.  They shrugged and walked reluctantly
toward the stairs.  
     I noticed Terri say something into Sue's ear.  Suddenly
Sue's head snapped toward her sister's face and I heard her
quietly whisper, "Really? What did it fe---"  
     "Shhhh!!" said Terri as she grabbed her sister's arm and ran
up the stairs.
     I felt myself turn red as I caught the almost inaudible
words.  I looked over towards Lisa and said, "I wonder what that
was all about?" trying to act ignorant.  
     "You got me, they're just silly little kids," she replied. 
     I hoped that Lisa didn't notice my discomfort, and trying to
sound uninterested in Kim's little show I said, "Boy, Kim
certainly is an exhibitionist, isn't she?"
     Lisa looked at me, trying to appear adult, saying, "Well,
she doesn't see men around here, and I think she might have a
crush on you.  Silly, isn't it?"  Then she got off the couch and
started toward the stairs.  
     I said, "Hey, Lisa, you don't have to be in bed 'till
eleven."
     "I know," she replied, "I'm just going up to change into my
nightie and I'll be right back."
     I sat there on the couch counting the seconds until Lisa
came back.  This was the first night with my cousins, and I'd
already been treated to a near strip show from little Kim.  My
cock was still throbbing and I couldn't make it settle down,
thinking of being alone with Lisa, especially since she had
obviously been teasing me in the car by arching her young tits
out in the front seat.  I couldn't possibly make a move on her, I
thought.  Perhaps it was all in my imagination and she really was
just stretching.  But, she had turned beet red in the basement
when I accidentally rubbed into her breast earlier that day.  I
was totally confused, but very, very horny, and I wanted to jack
off in the worst way just thinking about little Kim doing her
aborted strip tease.  Reaching down my shorts, I rearranged my
dick in a more comfortable upright position.  
     Looking down I saw my shorts bulging and the tip of my dick
was almost visible as it pressed along my belly.  I saw a
comforter folded neatly behind the couch, and quickly grabbed it,
throwing it over me to hide my bulging shorts from Lisa.  
     When she came down the stairs, my eyes nearly popped out of
my head and my mouth opened slightly as I took in her bedtime
attire.  She was wearing a light pink little girl nightie that
barely covered the uppermost part of her thighs.  As she stepped,
I could see her tight panties gripping her small buns.  Then she
turned and walked toward me, and I could see her two pert nipples
pressing through the thin, almost transparent top.  Her back was
arched proudly as she approached, showing off how her developing
breasts were larger than her sisters'.
     She must have noticed me eyeing her young body and stood for
awhile, looking at the TV, letting me look freely without being
caught.  Just as she had done earlier in the day, Lisa raised her
arms, twisted slightly, arching her back in a long yawn.  It was
incredible!  Her jutting little titties were profiled by the
bluish light from the television passing through that thin
translucent nightie.  As she arched, the front of it lifted,
giving me clear sight of her panties and the slight bulge of her
little girl mound.
     "Let's watch something different," she said as she walked
toward the TV and bent over, switching the channels through the
cable stations.  Now the nightie hiked up her bottom, and I
viewed her tight, firm ass on top of those muscular thighs.  She
found an R-rated movie on Cinemax, one of those soft porn, low
budget films.  "How's this?" she turned, smiling at me.
     My eyes quickly left her rear and saw the scene on the TV. 
It showed three coeds nude taking a shower as they spoke some
meaningless dialogue. 
     "Hey," I said, "you're too young to be watching this stuff."
     "Oh, come on," she pleaded, "mom never lets us watch this at
night, and I won't tell if you won't."
     "Well, maybe it's O.K.," I replied, really wanting to watch
it myself.
     "Goody!" she shrieked, and padded over to the couch.  "I'm a
little chilly.  Would you mind sharing that blanket with me?" she
asked.
     I lifted it enough so that she could slide in next to me. 
It barely covered her right leg, so she scooted over, pressing
the left side of her body against me, pulling the blanket over to
cover her legs.  I felt the heat of her skin against me, and our
bare thighs were pressed against each other.  
     She has no idea what she's doing to me, I thought to myself
as my hardon was pounding and drops of pre cum were leaking out.
     The scene in the movie changed to a party shot.  Couples
were dancing and holding each other close.  I glanced down and
noticed her eyes were transfixed upon the scene, as her breathing
was noticeably quicker.  Now there was a closeup of a couple on a
couch, not unlike the one we were sitting on, and as they kissed
the male actor brought his arm over her shoulder and rested it
inches above her breast.
     I was shocked when I heard Lisa say, "I sure wish I was that
girl."
     "W-Well, m-maybe we could just play pretend, I mean like we
are the actors in the movie," I stammered.  I couldn't believe I
had just said that.  I couldn't help myself, I was so horny!
     "I guess we could try," she whispered, "as long as we're
just pretending."  Her voice was quavering and I could tell this
little fox was getting as hot as I was.  
     It was now or never.  
     I summoned up some courage and slowly lifted my right arm
around her head, letting my hand rest right where the boy in the
film had his.  He was caressing her ear now with his tongue, so I
turned my head, still watching the screen, and darted my tongue
around and into Lisa's young ear.  I could feel her shudder with
delight at the touch.  Both of us were still watching the scene
on the TV, not wanting to look at each other, keeping some kind
of detachment -- like it wasn't really happening to us.
     Then came the moment I had been waiting for.  The hand on
the screen moved downward and began kneading the actress's right
breast.  Feeling totally lost in my own desire and lust-inspired
temporary insanity, I too traced my fingers downward over her
nightie and finally reached my goal.  My hand cupped her small
tit easily, as it was quite a bit smaller than the one on TV.  I
gently squeezed, and Lisa let out a little gasp, feeling the
shock of another's hand on her tit for the first time.
     I could feel her nipple piercing upright through the thin
fabric of her nightie, pressing against my palmarchedI continued
to squeeze her tiny tit, I could feel her whole chest rising and
falling quickly in pace to her excited breathing.  
     This was incredible, I thought.  Here I was feeling up this
adorable little girl.  I had only dreamed that I might actually
cop a feel from Lisa just a few days ago, and now it was
happening!
     Then another actor burst into the room where the couple were
making out, yelling something about someone's parents driving in. 
They leapt to their feet and ran out the door.  I felt myself
jerked back to some semblance of reality and lifted my hand from
Lisa's breast, pulling my arm back off her.  She shifted a bit
and straightened up as well, and neither of us looked at each
other or said a thing.  You could have cut the tension in that
basement with a knife.
     "Well, I guess I should be going to bed," Lisa said
nervously.  She snuck out from under our blanket, leaned down and
kissed me softly on the cheek.  "Thank you," she whispered, and
turned to hurry up the stairs to her room.
     I couldn't say a word, frozen in a mixture of lust and fear,
not knowing which emotion to trust.  This was going to be a fun
job, I thought to myself!

