CUZLUV  -  A fantasy by Nobo Cough

CHAPTER 2

   'What was I thinking of?' I wondered.  But it all happened so fast,
and I just couldn't help myself.  Jeez, she was only twelve, and I
was copping a feel of her tit like I did to that high school girl I had
brought to the movies last winter break.  Then I began to rationalize
my actions.  She WAS almost thirteen, Hell, that's a teenager, and lots
of girls start fooling around in Junior High School.  And she DID start
it all by saying how much she'd like to be that girl in the movie.
BUT, then again, I was the one who suggested that we play that little
game of "pretend."  Oh, no, I thought, was she really just too scared
to ask me to stop.  Was that what the heavy breathing was all about --
fear?  And when I took my hand away from her chest, she hurried off
right away, and it was only 10:30, half an hour before she had to go to
bed.  She did just give me a "friendly" kiss on the cheek, and maybe
the "thank you" was for me taking my hand away and not going any
further.  God, I hope she doesn't tell her Mom what I did.
   Then I remembered that my mother wanted me to call, especially that
first night, to make sure everything was alright.  I walked over to the
phone and picked it up when I noticed there wasn't a dial tone.
Instead I heard a young girl's voice chattering away.  "What is he
like?" asked the voice.
   I recalled what Aunt Justine told me about Lisa always being on the
phone with her girlfriends talking about boys.  With all their
adolescent chattering, they didn't seem to notice the sound of this
extension being picked up.  I felt a little bit sleazy for listening,
but it was just too tempting to hear what these young girls talked
about.  Lisa's friend was probably asking about some boy Lisa had met
at soccer practice.
   "Well," Lisa replied, "he has short brown hair, and ooooh, those
   deep brown eyes.  I feel like I'm gonna die every time he looks at
me."
   Lisa sounded like she really had a crush on some lucky little boy.
   I had to hear more, so I cupped the mouthpiece with my palm, not
letting any sounds give my eavesdropping away.  I wondered whether Lisa
ever "did" anything with this boy she was describing.  It would make me
feel a little more at ease knowing that my previous advances hadn't
been her first experience.
   "What about the rest of him?" her friend asked.  "Well, he's tall,
   almost 6' probably, and he has a really nice set of muscles, and he
isn't fat at all.  I can't wait to see his chest when we go swimming.
And, Jenny, he's 17 years old!  Not like those stupid little boys our
age."
   My God!  Lisa was talking about me!  She must have been secretly
admiring me all afternoon.  I definitely felt more at ease now, knowing
that Lisa liked me.
   "Go on, tell me more!" Lisa's friend Jenny demanded.  "OK, but
   promise me, I mean really promise, that you won't tell anyone this!"
Lisa said.  "Come on, Lisa," begged Jenny, "I've told you secrets
before, things I've never told anyone.  Did you kiss him, or what?
Please tell me, I want to know what it's like.  Did you french kiss?!"
   "No, but I wish we had.  He did do something, though, and boy did it
feel good, but remember, you promised not to tell."
   "Nobody, I promise, cross my heart and hope to die!" Jenny pledged.
   "Well I was trying to get him to notice me all day, you know, my
   top.  I changed into my pink nighty when those jerky twins went to
bed, then I went back downstairs to watch TV with Tim.  Alone!"
   "That thin pink one?  Jeez, Lisa, you can almost see right through
   it!" "I know," Lisa bragged, "that's why I wore it."  They both
   giggled at their naughty thoughts.  I thought she was teasing me all
afternoon, and now I was certain.
   "Did he notice your titties?  You have grown the biggest out of our
class.  I'm always so jealous.  And you started growing hair down there
too."
   "I stood in front of him, and, well, just sort of pretended to yawn
while pushing my tits out, hoping he'd look.  I was too embarrassed
when I saw his eyes go to my front, so I looked away at the TV, giving
him a good look," Lisa admitted.
   "Wow, you mean he actually looked?  God, I wish boys would notice
   me, but I'm too small," Jenny said, pouting.
   "Then I scrunched over next to him on the couch under a blanket,"
   Lisa continued. "He didn't say or do anything, so I had to say
something.  I had turned on one of those sexy movies, you know, with
naked girls and people fooling around.  There was a couple on a couch
kissing, and I wanted Tim to kiss me sooo much, that I said how much I
wished I were the girl in the movie."
   "What did he do?  Did he kiss you? Tell me!!" Jenny pleaded.  "I
   think he felt sorry for me, so he said we could pretend to be the
actors in the movie.  I thought I was gonna die right then!  I think he
understood how much I wanted to learn about kissing and stuff, so he
put his arm around me like the boy did to the girl in the movie.  Then
he put his tongue in my ear!"
   "His tongue? What was it like?" Jenny asked.  "It was like a tingle
   went all through my body, going up and down.  I was feeling really
warm all over, like I had a fever or something.  And I felt really warm
and tingly down there, you know?"
   "Oh my God, Lisa, I'm getting tingles in my thingy just hearing
   about it!" gasped Jenny.
   "I was waiting for them to kiss again, hoping we could too, and then
   the boy in the movie started squeezing the girl's tit.  I didn't
know what to do or say, so I just waited to see if Tim would do that
too."
   Jenny quickly asked, "Well, did he?  You let him, didn't you?!" "I
   thought I shouldn't, but before I could say anything or move away,
   he reached down and started squeezing my right tittie.  I was
frozen, and couldn't even talk, and it felt so good, not like my own
hands.  I couldn't help it, and then my nipple got hard, you know, and
I was so embarrassed."
   "Wow, Lisa, you got to second base with a boy!" Jenny shrieked.
   "What happened next?  Did he touch you in other places too?"
   "No, Jenny.  I don't think he really wanted to be squeezing my
   tittie in the first place.  He was just being nice, acting out the
scene on TV for me.  Anyway, I'm just a little girl to him.  He's in
High School and probably has lots of grown up girl friends," Lisa
complained.
   "How do you know?" asked Jenny.  "Maybe his thing was getting hard,
   like it says in that book my mother gave me.  That means a boy likes
a girl.  Could you see it?"
   "No, silly," Lisa said.  "The blanket was over us, and I'm sure glad
   it was.  I had to press my hand between my legs when he put his
tongue in my ear -- I was getting kind of itchy, and I started rubbing
my cunny through my panties."
   "Oh, no, Lisa, you were playing with yourself right next to him?"
   Jenny asked excitedly.
   "I had to, and anyway, he couldn't see me doing it under the
   blanket.  I got so wet down there that my panties were soaked.  They
still are!" Lisa admitted.
   "Mine are getting wet just hearing about this, Lisa.  I'm gonna have
   to play with mine too, just to make this feeling go away.  Is that
all that happened?" Jenny asked.
   "Yeah," Lisa sighed, "the movie changed and he took his hand away.
   I felt really embarrassed, so I told him thank you for being nice to
me and went upstairs.  He could never be interested in me.  I'm not
even thirteen yet."
   "So?" replied Jenny, "you've got hair down there and a nice top.
   Maybe if he got a look at you naked, he might change his mind.  You
might even get him to go all the way, you know?  Boy, I wish I were
you.  I'd let Tim do anything with me.  I'd even let him put his dicky
in my mouth.  Remember? In the book they call it oral sex.  And boys
can do it to girls too!  Wouldn't it feel neat to have Tim put his
tongue down there, between your legs.  Bet it would feel better than in
your ear!"
   "You're so bad, Jenny.  He's mine, remember.  But would you really
   suck his penis?  The book says that stuff shoots out of it.  You
wouldn't want that in your mouth would you?" Lisa asked in disbelief.
   "I feel so naughty right now I'd try anything with a boy, if he
   really wanted me to.  I heard my brother telling one of his friends
that he was gonna dump his girlfriend because she wouldn't 'put out,'
you know.  Tim might think you're still a little kid if you don't."
Jenny said.
   "You are bad.  I don't know, I might do it if he wanted me to.
   We're probably never gonna get that far anyway, Jenny.  You really
think he might like me?" Lisa asked, "I mean, if he saw me naked, and
noticed that I'm not just a little girl anymore?  I'd die for a look at
his dicky.  I've never seen one before.  Maybe he'd let me touch it
too.  Oh, I wish Tim knew, but I don't think he's interested."
   "You gotta try, Lisa," Jenny said.  "He's only there for three
   weeks!  I'll help you make a plan so he can get a look at you.
Gotta go now, Mom's coming. Bye."
   "Bye, Jenny, and thanks for the help!" Lisa whispered excitedly.rche
   the girls said good bye and hung up, I carefully put the phone back
down.  I couldn't believe what I had just heard.  These girls were only
twelve, and already they were horny.  Hell, I hadn't started to feel
that way until I was 14 or 15.  If I played my cards right, I just
might be able to do more than feel Lisa's tits.  Tom would be so
jealous if he knew.  Lisa's friend Jenny said something about a plan so
I could see her naked.  Imagine, Lisa actually wanted me to look at
her, and that was all I had been dreaming about for the last few days.
Having heard their scheme, I decided to act dumb, no matter what Jenny
asked me to do, just to cooperate with whatever plan she was cooking
up.  This was great, I thought to myself, all I had to do was wait and
I'd get a look at Lisa's naked body!
   There was no way I could go to sleep without jerking off after
   listening to those girls talk.  I didn't want to go upstairs to my
room for my X- rated video, so I continued watching the end of the
movie on TV.  Just to be careful, I left the blanket over me, in case
one of the girls got up and came downstairs.  Sliding my shorts and
underwear off, it was neat feeling the blanket rub against my hard
dick, the very same blanket that Lisa had been under.  And she said she
had been playing with herself, right next to me!  Almost coming just
from that thought, I noticed how the scene on TV now changed to a
cheerleader practice.  They were jumping around, impressing the
football players, when one of them raised her top, showing her huge
tits to the team.  I was pumping furiously on my cock now, and the
blanket was bouncing along to the rhythm.  My cock erupted like it
never had before, squirting all over the blanket and back down on my
stomach.
   Then I thought I heard a little gasp coming from the stairs.  I
   quickly turned around, but saw no one.  There was only the creaking
of floor boards above me, and I thought I had heard footsteps.  The
door to the basement at the top of the stairs was slightly open.  Oh,
no, someone had been spying on me, right when I was jerking off!

   Right at that moment, Terri and Sue were giggling softly to
   themselves, as they hurried up the stairs and quietly shut their
bedroom door behind them.  "Did you see it, Sue?  The blanket on him
was moving up and down right over his lap!" Terri said to her twin.
   "I know," Sue replied, "I think he was doing it.  You know, what the
girls at school said that boys do -- jerking off."
   Terri quickly responded, turning red, "I wish he didn't have that
blanket over him, so we could have seen his thing.  I wonder what it
looks like.  It sure was hard when I felt it through Kimmy's shirt
before."
   "I want to feel it too!" complained Sue, "but not through any dumb
shirt.  I want to see it and touch it out in the open."
   "Me too," said Terri.  "Do you think he'd let us?" asked Sue.  "If
   we asked him nice, maybe, and promised not to tell?"
   "I think we have to get him in the mood first, like they do in the
movies, then maybe he'd let us.  Hey, did you notice how he was jerking
his thing while watching the cheerleaders on TV?  When that one girl
lifted her shirt, the blanket was really moving fast," Terri giggled.
   "That's it!  Tomorrow, before he drives us to practice, let's give
   him a show in our new cheerleader outfits.  Maybe if we do a really
sexy routine for him, he'd get hard down there, and I could
'accidentally' bump into him, just to feel what it's like.  You got to
feel it, and now it's my turn," demanded Sue.
   "Well, what should we do?" asked Terri, "I don't think he'd get hard
just watching us do a routine."
   "I have an idea," whispered Sue with a devilish grin.

   I was glad the blanket was covering me, or one of the girls could
   have seen me beating off and gotten scared.  I wondered which one it
was, or whether I was just hearing creaks in this unfamiliar house.  At
least I had finally got off, and now I could relax a bit and go to
bed.  It took me quite a while to drift off to sleep that night, as
thoughts of looking at Lisa's nude body kept my mind racing.  And her
friend Jenny said she would gladly give me a blow job.  If she only
knew that I would have begged for one!  Maybe if that horny sounding
Jenny stayed overnight with Lisa here at the house, I would give her
what she wanted.
   The next morning began my first full day "on the job."  The taxi
driving, as my Aunt referred to it, began as well.  First I had to
drive little Kim off to her gymnastics class at the Y in town.  She was
wearing one of those skin tight leotards, and her light blonde hair was
tied back in a ponytail.  I must say she did look adorable, slender and
firm, with that slightly arched sway to her upper body that young girls
her age still have.  Her legs were coltish, and I noticed how the
leotard fit so tight in her crotch that I could see the outline of her
girlish slit, puffing out slightly near its top.  She skipped and
bounced as she ran to the car.  On the way she asked about the previous
night.
   "Did you like my dancing?" she asked, looking at me with those
   bright blue eyes.
   "Yes, Kim, you dance very well, but I don't think you should have
   tried to take your clothes off.  I'm a guy, and little girls like
you shouldn't dance that way in front of guys," I chided her.
   "But it was fun," she continued, "and then nasty old Lisa had to
   stop me.  I wanted to give you the whole show.  Don't you think I'm
cute?"
   "W-well, yes Kim, you do have a great looking body," I honestly
   replied.  "You really think so?" she asked.  "And you didn't get to
   see all of me yet.  I love dancing, especially with no clothes on.
I feel kind of naughty and tingly, and last night was the best feeling
ever.  I even felt sort of weird between my legs.  And after what Terri
told me, I felt even better!"  She was squirming in the seat next to
me, and I could tell she was involuntarily rubbing her thighs together,
stimulating her prepubescent slit.
   "What did Terri tell you?" I asked hesitantly.  "She said you had a
   boner!" Kim chirped innocently. "My friend Patti told me that boys
get boners when they look at pretty girls, especially naked girls.  And
I was so glad that you got one, because that means you think I'm pretty
too.  Patti said that boys rub their things when they get hard, and it
makes them feel good.  We tried rubbing ourselves too, and it felt
really neat, like fireworks going off inside my tummy.  Is that what
boys feel like when they rub their things?"
   I wasn't sure how to handle this.  Should I answer the question,
   acting clinical, or should I change the subject.  The past day had
sent my brain into a sexual whirlwind, and I felt totally at the
control of its driving force.  Hell, I was even getting turned on by
this little nine year old girl, and I felt a combination of desire and
shame.  What could possibly happen, I asked myself.  It's not as though
she were like Lisa, who was perhaps just ready for sex.  Nothing would
become of just talking, after all.
   "Yes, Kim, it does feel nice for boys too," I answered.  "What else
   did your friend Patti tell you?"  Curiosity along with my teenage
male hormones asked that question.
   "She said one time her older brother, he's 12, well...maybe I
   shouldn't tell.  I promised Patti I wouldn't."
   "Go on, I won't tell anyone."  I just had to know what her little
   friend did.
   "O.K.  He had his friend stay over night, and they gave her five
   whole dollars to take off her clothes in front of them.  When she
did, they both pulled out their little dickies and they were hard, but
Patti said they looked really cute and tiny, only about three inches
long.  The boys said they had 'boners,' and they stood straight up out
of their pants.  And then her brother and his friend started rubbing
them with their hands, watching Patti pose naked for them.  Do you want
to do that?"
   "I don't think it's such a good idea, Kim," I lied, hoping I could
   do just that.
   "You don't have to give me five dollars," she said, "I like to be
   naked, and especially if you're watching.  I want to see your thing
too, when you rub it.  I'll show you how I rub mine.  Please?"
   This was getting out of hand, I thought.  But, God, what an offer.
   I had to be responsible, so I told her that she shouldn't strip in
front of me anymore.  I told her that girls should only see 'boners'
when they're older.
   "Oh, please?  I won't tell.  You can watch Patti, too.  I'm sure
   she'd like to do it.  She loves to rub herself, we're always doing
it together now."
   "No, and that's final.  Anyway, your sisters would catch us," I
   said, knowing it was a real possibility.
   "Oh, pooh!" she said in a sad voice.  I drove up to the Y and
   followed Kim inside, to make sure she got in safely.  I was
beginning to feel like a big brother to her.  Inside there were about
20 young girls, from six to around ten years old, all dressed in tight
leotards like Kim.  It was quite a sight, and it reminded me of a
miniature version of the girls' gymnastic event in the Olympics.  Kim
chirped up, "Hi Patti, come over and meet my cousin Tim."
   Out of the pack of firm little girlish bodies sprang Patti, skipping
over to meet me.  It was incredible.  Patti could have passed for Kim's
identical twin, with the same taut build, blue eyes, and blonde hair,
cut in a shorter page boy style.  I found myself instantly starting to
reconsider Kim's offer, imagining what they both would look like
sprawled out naked in front of me, playing with their small and tender
slits.
   "Hi, I'm Patti," she said smiling.  "Kim's mom usually gives me a
   ride back home, because my mommy works.  Can I ride back with Kim
after practice?"
   "I don't see why not," I answered, "see you both in two hours."chedI
   drove back, I had to tell myself not to get any ideas with these
little girls.  After all, I could look forward to seeing an older and
more developed Lisa soon.
   When I returned to the house, I went to the fridge to get something
   cold to drink.  My internal lust engine was overheated, and my
coolant system needed assistance.  I found a note on the refrigerator
door from Lisa.  It said that she rode her bike to her friend Jenny's
house to talk.  I could just imagine what they were talking about.
Jenny was obviously helping Lisa work out that plan so I could catch
Lisa naked.  I couldn't wait, and I felt my dick swell just thinking
about it, and what she might be willing to try with me.  I began to
feel like master of a genie -- it sounded as though my wish would be
her command.  And, boy, did I have plenty of wishes!  I swore to myself
that I would not leave after three weeks still a virgin.
   The twins were making a racket in the basement playing pingpong.  I
shouted down to them that I would be catching some rays by the pool.
Feeling kind of embarrassed around them, especially Terri, who had felt
my hardon, I quickly changed into my trunks and laid out on a blanket
in the grass by the pool.  After a while I was startled by the twins,
dressed in their cheerleader outfits.
   What a sight!  They looked so cute, but somehow a little more grown
   up with those blue and white striped uniforms.  Not nearly as curvy
as the cheerleaders in that movie, but their legs were amazing, and I
could make out their matching apple sized titties set high on their
eleven year old chests.  They pranced over toward my prone body saying
how they wanted to show me the cheer they had just learned.  I didn't
mind a bit, and again I saw in my mind the image of those four foxy
young things at the mall.  But here were two cute little PeeWee
football cheerleaders, about to give me a private cheer.
   I lifted my head and shoulders from the ground, propping myself on
   my elbows to get a good look.  "Make it quick, girls," I instructed
them, "remember I have to get you two to practice and then pick up your
little sister."
   They began, standing just a few feet in front of me, staring right
   into my eyes with kind of strange, shit-eating grins on their
faces.  "Ready, OK," they began, slapping their arms straight down to
their thighs on the "OK" beat.  The cheer seemed especially
provocative, with a lot of gyrations from the waist down.  Or perhaps I
was reading sensuality into the routine myself, feeling very turned on
by their glowing young bodies thrusting this way and that.  Uh, oh, I
said to myself, my damn dick is just starting to wake up by itself
again, and I was only wearing swimming trunks.
   The cheer ended with a few half turns from side to side accompanied
   by rhythmic clapping, and their short pleated skirts rose up higher
with each swift spin.  Boy, I thought, riveted by their naked thighs,
either their panties are very tiny bikini types or -- or -- that was
it!  On the last turn they went completely around three times, sending
their skirts outward and upward even further.  My God, I could see the
cheeks and tiny cracks of their little butts -- they weren't wearing
any panties!  From my lower vantage point I could briefly see their
naked hairless pussies wink at me with each turn, for just a split
second.  My cock instantly rose to attention, and I didn't even notice
it tenting out my trunks, being so transfixed by this heavenly sight of
preteen pussy and ass.
   The twins stopped on a final clap, and grinning down at me, Sue and
Terri had their eyes glued on my crotch.  Terri planted her hands on
her hips and thrust them to one side, saying, "Well, Tim, it looks like
you enjoyed the view!"
   I froze in embarrassment, having been caught in their web of
premeditated promiscuity.  "Let's get him for looking up our skirts!
He's all hard too, the nasty man!" shouted Sue.  With that, they both
pounced on me.  These girls were strong for their age, and really
squirmy.  I grappled and shouted at them to stop this, but one or the
other would loosen from my grip, pinning me down by putting her entire
weight on me.  Twice Sue straddled my thigh, holding it down by
pressing her naked crotch right on my bare skin.  I could feel the heat
of her hairless mound grinding and rubbing along my leg, and there was
a distinct trail of moisture being left along its wake.
   Each girl would squeal with delight when they rubbed their naked
   bottoms and pussies on my arms and legs.  Terri then reversed like a
champion wrestler and pinned my elbows down painfully with her knees,
while her wet slitted mound pressed right down on my face!  I was
blinded by the tent of her skirt covering my face as she thrust her
pussy onto my chin, then mouth and nose.  "Get auughOFF!" I tried to
yell through her warm and moist crotch.  I had never smelled anything
like it.  It was somehow sweet yet pungent at the same time.
   Having the advantage now, Sue plopped herself right over my trunks,
straddling my waistarchedI struggled, my rock hard dick slid up flat on
my lower belly, and the sensitive underside was being treated to the
firm friction of a hairless little cunt through my trunks.  I'm sure we
could both feel those few inches of our bodies heatedly rubbing against
one another with each thrust and rock of the struggle.  Now I felt my
trunks being forced down by the friction of her movements, and the red,
pounding bulb of my cock emerged from the top of my swimming trunk's
waistband.
   Just as Terri was shrieking back to her twin, "Ride 'em cowboy!"
   still grinding her wet girlish cunt into my face, my body twitched
in response to an absolutely electrifying sensation.  Little Sue now
had her steaming slit rubbing down hard on the naked underside of my
cock, right at the most sensitive spot below the head.
   "EEEEK!" screamed Sue, as she felt my bare cock thrust up against
   her super sensitive clit.  She jumped off me like she had just been
stung by a bee, yelling to Terri, "Lookee, there it is!"  Terri also
jumped up and stared down with a wide-eyed hungry gaze.  "Wow, it's so
big and red!" she gasped.
   I immediately pulled up my trunks to cover my dick, and
   half-heartedly ordered the girls into the house to put on their
panties.rchedthey turned and sprinted toward the house, I heard Sue
brag, "I felt his thing rub right up hard against my bare cunny!"
"SSHHHH" interrupted her sister.  "Tell me inside what it was like!"
   My face was still coated with the fragrant, sticky goo from Terri's
sopping, hairless gash.  My body was twitching in nervousness, my cock
was pounding, and my blood was boiling with lust!  It felt incredible,
the contact of these bare-assed young girls squealing and squirming on
me.  Especially that jolting sensation when my prick thrust up against
Sue's naked cunt lips.  Three cheers for little cheerleaders, I
inwardly rejoiced!

