CUZLUV  -  A fantasy by Nobo Cough

CHAPTER 4

   Driving along the back road to pick up the twins, I was glad I had
   left early.  They wouldn't be finished with their practice for
another half hour or so, and the extra time alone was a relief.  I
needed to think.  This house sitting job was going way beyond my
wildest dreams, and I knew I could screw Lisa that night if I was
gentle with her and didn't rush things.  The words "rush" and "gentle"
didn't seem to be in the twin's vocabulary, however.  They had been
teasers for two days, and they really seemed to want it bad, even
begging to be fucked.  And I couldn't wait to see what sort of "nature
video" little Kim would produce.
   God, I thought, in two days I had become a real pervert!  Here I
   was, seventeen years old, and hoping that my little nine year old
cousin would put on a show for me on camera.  She said she played with
herself all the time, and would probably demonstrate that as well, and
all because I wouldn't let her do it in front of me.  No, it can't be;
she wouldn't really pose nude in a video.  I'm just imagining things.
   As I turned a corner, I was jolted back to reality when suddenly a
   bike appeared right in front of me.  I quickly veered the car in a
reflex action, glad that there was hardly any traffic on the back
country road.  The bike rider heard the screech of my tires and tried
to avoid the car by darting to the shoulder, but skidded on the gravel
and fell.  I regained control of the car and pulled off to the side of
the road to check on the fallen rider.  A young girl lay besides the
bike gripping her knee in pain.  It was Lisa's friend Jenny!
   "Oh my God, Jenny, are you alright?" I asked.  "I didn't see you
   until it was too late."
   "Tim, it's you!" she shouted excitedly, momentarily forgetting her
   pain.  "Yeah, I think I'm OK"
   "Here, let me have a look," I said.  "Let's get you out of the
   road.  Hold on to me and we'll go over to that grassy spot over
there."
   I helped her to her feet, and she hobbled along at my side with her
   arm around my shoulder.  We ended at a small clearing about 20 yards
from the deserted country road, and I let her down carefully on the
grass.  Jenny was wearing cutoff jeans and a bright tie-dyed tee
shirt.  She looked so helpless there, gripping her right leg.
   "I'm sorry, Jenny," I said, "but my mind wasn't on the road, and
   with that blind corner and all..."
   "Don't worry about it, Tim," she interrupted, "it's O.K.  My leg is
starting to feel a little better now."
   "Let me massage your knee to make the pain go away," I said,
   reaching down with both hands to sooth her right leg.  Jenny lay
back flat on the grass with her arms at her sides, allowing my hands to
knead her firm young leg.  My hands rode up past her knee to exert a
gentle pressure up higher, and my right hand went to her sensitive
inner thigh, just inches from the bottom of her cutoffs.  I was glad
that her leg was feeling better, and I began to feel quite a bit better
as well.
   "Hmmm, that's nice," she purred.  Still feeling her supple flesh and
   grazing the denim of her shorts with my index finger, I told her,
"Hey, Jenny, thanks for setting up Lisa so I could sneak a peek at
her."
   "No problem.  I thought you should see how grown up she is." Jenny
replied.  "She really likes you, but she's afraid you don't like her
because she's only twelve.  But at least she has a body, not like me."
   "Oh, come on, Jenny," I reassured her, "I think you have a very sexy
body too."
   "You think so?" she asked hopefully, looking straight at me with a
longing gaze.
   "Oh, yeah," I continued, "your legs, well, they fee--look really,
   uh, nice."
   She smiled in reaction to my complement.  Then a thoughtful pause
preceded her next words.  "You know, I think I hurt my bottom when I
fell.  Would you rub it too?"  Without waiting for my response, she
hurriedly rolled over on her stomach.
   I couldn't resist, knowing I was beginning to get Jenny turned on
   with my touch.  "How's this?" I asked, fondling her tiny tight
buns.  "Ohhh, Tim, that feels sooo good," she moaned, beginning to
squirm in pleasure under my hands.  I kept up the "therapeutic"
massage, increasing the pressure, squeezing her ass.  It was so petite
that each hand could easily encompass her matching cheeks, and I moved
my thumbs together between her thighs, firmly pushing against her
crotch.  Jenny rocked slowly with each squeeze, spreading her thighs
further apart and raising her pelvis off the grass.  She was burning up
now, judging by the heat radiating from her pussy.  Her tee shirt rose
up a bit, and I could see those faint dimples on her lower back, just
above each cheek.
   "Gosh, Tim, I think you're wonderful." she said softly.  "Umm, I
   mean, you're being so nice to me, and I sort of, uh, like you too.
Please don't tell Lisa I told you, though.  She'd have a fit.  She is
my best friend, after all."
   "Don't worry, Jenny," I reassured her, "this will be our little
   secret.  Hey, you were the one who gave me the chance to look at her
nude.  She does look grown up now, but...is she really?  I mean, do ya
think she'd wanna DO anything...ya know?"  It was easier for both of us
to speak freely with her facing down, avoiding eye contact.  I gave an
extra push with my thumbs along her denim covered crotch after my last
question.
   She let out a gasp of air and actually pushed back at me!  "Well,
   she likes you a lot, but," she replied, pausing briefly, "I don't
think she'd do everything."
   "What do you mean?" I asked.  "She got really grossed out by one
   thing we read about in a book...I'd do it, though.  It sounds
naughty, but boys like it a lot, I bet."
   Having listened to their phone conversation, I knew exactly what
   that "one thing" was, and there was no question that THIS boy would
like it.  I had to try!  I became focused on the idea of this hot
twelve year old girl's lips around my cock.  "Hey Jenny," I whispered,
"tell me about it.  What would you do that Lisa wouldn't?"
   "If you promise not to tell Lisa," Jenny responded cautiously,
   "I'll...  well, I'll show you, if you want me to.  But I've never
done it before, so if you could, sorta, tell me ifcI'm doin' it right
-- I'll try it if you want.  I'll suck on your p-penis."
   "Oh, wow, Jenny!  Would you really?  I'd love it if you would, since
Lisa's too afraid."  She had sounded so proud that she would do
something that her more developed friend wouldn't do, that I added the
last remark as encouragement.
   "OK, but don't laugh at me if I don't do it right," she said,
   turning around, sitting upright facing me.
   Of course I had only seen it done in my video -- not being the best
judge, but I wasn't about to let her know this.  We hadn't even kissed
yet.  Hell, I didn't even know her last name!  But I wanted it so
badly, I quickly unzipped my shorts, fumbling to pull my erect cock
through the flap of my jockey underwear.  Her eyes widened in awe at
the sight of my reddened, hard dick springing out just inches in front
of her face, as I knelt close to her.
   "Just hold it with your hand here," I instructed her, wrapping her
   tiny fingers around the base of my cock, "a little tighter, and move
your hand up and down like this."  My hand was guiding hers up and down
the base of my cock.  It was great to be the teacher to this eager
student.  "Now move your head closer, and lick the tip.  Yesss, like
that!"
   I wished I had a camera, because Jenny's fresh young face licking my
dick was ten times better looking than the sluts in the video.  "Now
open your mouth and suck on it up and down, while moving your hand
too.  Try to get as much of it in your mouth as you can manage, Jenny,
ahhh, yeah, back and forth, OUCH!  Hey Jenny, try not to scrape me with
your teeth, OK?"
   Taking my cock out of her sucking mouth for a second, she looked up
apologetically, saying, "I'm sorry, Tim, I'll try not to... But, d-do
you like it?  Am I doin' it OK?  Does it feel right?"
   "Oh, God, yes Jenny.  You're doing it great!"  Gaining in confidence
   and engrossed with the sight and feeling of my dick moving slowly in
and out of her gripping mouth, I reached my hands around her head and
pushed it toward me on each stroke.  She responded instinctively,
increasing the pace and sucking harder, letting out little grunting
noises when the back of her throat welcomed my cock on every thrust.
   "Ugghh, Uhh, Ugghh, Jenny, YES,cI'm gonna... y-you don't h-have to
   take my cum in your mouth, if..."
   She was consumed with the naughty passion of the moment, however,
refusing to stop her wonderful suction.  She opened her eyes to mine
and just nodded her head, yes, to my concerned warning.
   "OOhhh, Jennyyyy, you're great, ugghh, here it comes! Oh, yeah!"  My
cock was erupting deep in her mouth now, and she began to gag a little,
but still kept up her new found skill, wanting to do it right -- all of
it.  Because I had cum over Terri just a few hours before, the volume
of my jism was mercifully conservative.  Some of it slid out of the
corner of her lips, down the length of my cock.  After several more
forceful thrusts I finished, withdrawing my shrinking tool from her
still gripping mouth.  I could see her throat muscles moving as she
tried to swallow my juice, but her gag reflex took control.  Jenny
looked a little frightened and embarrassed as she turned to the side to
spit out the rest.
   Reaching down, I cradled her in a hug filled with warmth and
   gratitude.  "God, Jenny, that was great, really!  I'm glad you
weren't too scared to do it."
   "Thank you, Tim, it was neat!  Except maybe for the last part, you
know," she replied, staring into my eyes, enjoying their half-closed
contentment.  "But, please, you promised not to tell Lisa.  She'd hate
me if she knew.  I just had to see what it was like."
   "I know, Jenny, I swear I won't tell," I said, feeling strangely
   pleased that I was the one promising not to "tell."
   I stood up, lifting her along with me, saying, "I have to pick up
   the twins now.  Are you sure your leg is OK to ride?"
   "I feel a lot better...now," she giggled back at me mischievously.
   "Do you think we could, um, meet here again sometime?  I want to try
other things too!  Please, Tim?"
   "I'd LOVE to, Jenny," I quickly responded enthusiastically, unable
   to believe my good fortune.  "How about next week, same time, before
I pick up the twins."
   "Yeah," she said, "I want you to teach me everything," emphasizing
   her last word excitedly with a naughty, little girl smile.
   "It would be my pleasure -- and your's too, Jenny!"  We both laughed
   at my feeble attempt at humor, waving goodby like old friends.
   On the way to the recreation field, I heard myself repeating over
   and over like a mantra, "I got my first blow job, I got my first
blow job,..." I also had to admit that it was even more exciting coming
from a sweet young twelve year old girl.  Two days surrounded by sexy
and teasing preteen girls, together with my own pent up horniness, had
turned my mind inside out.  I knew now that I wanted them all, even
little Kimmy!  A lust- crazed demon had taken possession of my
faculties, and my cock was its willing servant.
   I had to act out a display of disapproving anger at the twins for
putting on that game of show-and-tell for their friends.  Actually, I
had become rather turned on thinking about those innocent young girls
staring eagerly at my cum on Terri's cute little tummy.
   After giving them a stern look, I ordered Terri into the back seat
   and Sue up front to separate them as a kind of punishment.  I told
them what kind of trouble they'd be in if they or their friends told
anyone else what happened, knowing full well that I would be the one up
shit's creek if the story got out.  "But we just showed our closest
friends, Tim," Sue said apologetically next to me, "you know, the girls
who are coming over Wednesday."
   "I'm not so sure there's gonna be a swim party Wednesday.  Look, I
   don't think I can trust you girls to act mature enough," I told her,
knowing I would probably be nominated for an Oscar if this were a
movie.
   "Oh, come on Tim, that isn't fair," Terri whined annoyingly, hanging
over my head rest.  "Terri, lie down on the back seat and be quiet!  I
don't want to hear anything more from you," I scolded her.
   "Oh, pooh," she pouted, lying down out of sight obediently.  Sue
   looked over at me and softly said, "We really are sorry, Tim, we'll
be good from now on."  Little did she know that the phrase, "we'll be
good," meant something entirely different to my ears.  I was hoping
that both of them really would be "good!"
   I figured this would be a great opportunity to send them to their
   room early tonight, leaving me more time with their older sister.
"Well, we'll see if you two can live up to that promise.  Tonight I
want you both in bed by nine, and if I catch you outside your room, the
pool party is off."
   "OK, Tim, we'll do it, but please don't be mad," Sue said, looking
   like a lost puppy.
   "Now, now, don't look so sad, I forgive you," I said, reaching out
   my right hand to pat her leg.  The patting soon stopped, and I left
my hand there, caressing that firm flesh further up under her
cheerleader skirt.  She looked down at my disappearing hand
quizzically, then back at my leering face.  I quickly lifted my left
hand from the steering wheel, crossing my forefinger across my lips in
the universal sign of 'quiet.' She grasped my meaning immediately,
looking over at her sister in the back seat.  Terri was still pouting,
facing away from us.
   I slowly slid my hand down the front of Sue's panties and began to
stroke her clit.  She didn't give away anything, showing me how she
could in fact keep a secret, even from her twin sister.  There was just
a sign of her hips rocking in tempo with my hand, as her pussy began to
moisten.  I reached down further, bending my middle finger to gain
access to her warm and slippery cunt hole.  For the rest of the ten
minute drive back to the house, I finger fucked her, gently at first.
Then I began thrusting harder and deeper, exerting pressure with my
upper palm down upon her clit.  She scrunched down lower in the seat,
edging nearer to me, giving me better access.  Then she actually
gripped my wrist with both of her tiny hands, pushing my finger in
further with each stroke, holding her eyes closed.rchedwe neared the
driveway, she suddenly forced my hand down very hard several times,
raising her hips off the seat.  Her face was screwed into the tell-
tale signs of orgasmic pleasure, pursing her lips tightly, not allowing
even a gasp to escape.
   As soon as we pulled into the garage, Terri slowly got up and
   silently left the car.  I pulled my hand from Sue's satisfied
snatch, and she leaned over, saying, "thanks for not being mad."  Then
she got nearer, looking to make sure her sister was far enough away,
and squeezed my hard cock through my shorts, she whispered into my ear,
"See, Tim, I CAN keep a secret."
   Just as quickly I turned my face, and reaching back around her head
   with my hand to guide it, I kissed her squarely on those virgin
lips, darting my tongue through them to meet her own eager tongue.
Then I opened the door, and after adjusting my shorts, I walked with
Sue into the house, catching up to Terri.  Inside the house there was
that distinctive odor of spaghetti sauce simmering, as Lisa was being
the cook for the evening.  After our meal, we all went down to watch TV
-- MTV, as usual.  Remembering little Kim and how she had danced in
front of us the night before, I felt an uncontrollable shudder through
my body just thinking about how tight she must be at nine.
   I only had to remind the twins once about their early bedtime, and
   they scampered off to their room dutifully, not wanting to spoil our
plans for Wednesday.  Lisa asked me what they had done to deserve their
punishment, and I quickly concocted a story about how they had been
fighting in the car, distracting my driving.
   "They're so immature," she said, adding with a smile, "but I'm glad
they're gone."
   "Yeah, me too," I agreed, casting her a direct and longing gaze.
   Lisa blushed and came over to sit next to me on the coach.  "I
threatened them with worse if I caught them sneaking out," I added.
   "Good idea," she said, resting her head lovingly on my shoulder.
   "Could you, um, show me that video now, Tim?  I've never seen one
before and I'm dying to!  Does it really show everything?"
   "Uh huh," I answered, "and I could show you everything too, but only
   if you really want to..."
   "Well, can I just look at it first?  I've never d-done it before,
   and I'm a little bit scared.  You won't hurt me, I mean, I know you
wouldn't, but I read that it hurts the first time.  I really want to
make you happy, Tim, but..." her voice trailed off in fear.
   "Don't worry, Lisa.  I've done it plenty of times," I lied.  "Just
remember that the guys in the video are kind of freaky, I mean their
dicks are really big and they probably would hurt, but mine is normal
sized, and I think you could handle it fine.  It might hurt a little at
first, but then again, you're probably right -- you are only twelve,
and if you think you're too young to really do it yet..."  I felt a bit
guilty by taunting her this way, but I really wanted to fuck her.  My
internal lust demon was taking control again.
   "Oh, please, Tim," she began, "I'm not a little girl any more.  I
   can do it, I know I can, you'll see."  Lisa desperately wanted to
act grown up like the older high school girls, and she had such a crush
on me that she'd do anything to get me to like her too.
   "OK, I'll go get it," I said, feeling a deliciously nasty triumph
coursing through my body, from my brain directly down to my aching
balls, or was it the other way around?  I hurried up the stairs to
fetch my X- rated video.  As I walked down the hall, I noticed that the
bathroom door was closed.rcGlancing over at the twin's bedroom door,
Terri poked her head out and gestured at me with a beckoning finger.  I
walked over to the partially open door to see what she wanted, figuring
that Sue was in the bathroom.  Terri stepped back as I approached, and
when I peered in she was standing just inside completely naked.
"SShhh," she whispered, "I wanted to give you another look.  Please
don't be mad at me, Tim.  Don't you think I'm pretty?" she asked,
posing proudly before me, raising her arms back behind her head to
thrust those cute little titties toward me.  "Are you still angry with
me?" she asked softly.
   "How could I be," I whispered back, entering her room.  "If you
   promise to be good and stay in bed tonight, I'll let you touch my
'thing' again."
   "Would you really?" she begged, "I'll be good, I swear!" "Just for a
   minute, but don't tell your sister.  You have to show me that you
can keep a secret," I said, lowering my shorts and underwear to my
knees.  I took her small hand and wrapped it around my cock while
reaching for her hairless slit with my other one.  She followed my
movements, jerking off my dick as I thrust my finger into her tight
cunt.  Her knees went weak at my sudden intrusion, and I was holding
most of her weight right at her sensitive crotch, adding to her
pleasure as she grunted ever so quietly.  My cock expanded to fullness
in her pumping hand, and I whispered, "we have to stop now, before Sue
comes, but wait 'till Wednesday..."
   "Ohhh, God, yesss," she responded, relinquishing her grasp, as I too
withdrew my glistening wet finger from my little cousin's tight quim.
My face was reddened with this momentary mutual grope session as I made
it to my door just as Sue was leaving the bathroom.  She gave me a
furtive wink as she rushed into her room, unaware that I had "cheated"
on her with her twin sister.  This Wednesday will be VERY interesting,
I chuckled to myself, grabbing the video out from under my underwear in
the bottom drawer.
   I bounded down the stairs to the basement, feeling assured now that
   the twins would remain in their room for the night.  I had managed
to seal a pact of secrecy with each of them separately, knowing that
they would obey my request to stay in bed.  As I walked down the steps,
I saw that Lisa was laying flat on the couch under "our" blanket.
"What took you so long?" she asked.  "I had to take a leak, and then I
checked to make sure that Terri and Sue were in bed.  They won't dare
to come out of their rooms tonight," I reassured her.
   "Good," she said, "Come in here under the blanket after you put on
   the video, OK?"  I started it up, and obediently climbed behind her
and under the blanket.  As soon as I did I was pleasantly shocked to
feel her warm and completely naked body next to mine.  "Getting more
comfortable?" I asked her teasingly.
   "Yeah," she whispered, facing away from me and snuggling her bare
   ass against my crotch as the opening credits rolled by.  "Maybe you
should get 'comfortable' too..."
   There was no doubt in my mind that she was determined to go all the
   way now, proving to me that she was truly "grown up."  I awkwardly
removed my clothes under the blanket, tossing them behind the couch.
We were lying completely naked now in a "spoon" position, with me
behind her, and my turgid cock was pressing in between her soft, warm
thighs.  Lisa parted them, allowing my dick to throb against her
lightly haired snatch.  "Oh, Tim, I can f-feel it..." she whispered, as
the movie's title, "Breaking It, A Story of Virgins," appeared,
starting with a narrator to set the scene.
   Lisa giggled when she read the title, saying, "That's kind of
appropriate, huh, Tim?"  She had no idea just how true her words were!
   The first scene showed a gorgeous young blonde and her boyfriend
   making out on a bed.  They were pretending to be virgins, exploring
each other's bodies.  Lisa asked softly, "Can I look at you, Tim?  Like
that girl?"
   I didn't need any more encouragement as I threw off the blanket.
   She turned and looked down immediately at my rigid cock.  She
reached out her hand gingerly and grasped it at the head.  "Ohhh, it's
so soft and warm," she whispered, beginning to breath heavily.  I
couldn't help but admire her firm and growing body before me, loving
the feel of that inexperienced hand caressing my dick.  "Watch, Lisa,
here's a good part," I said as the boyfriend in the video began to
munch down on the girl's cunt.  Lisa turned to watch the scene, still
gripping my dick behind her.
   "Do you want me to do that?" I asked willingly.  "I, g-guess so...,"
   she replied.  Not missing a beat I slid down between her young
   thighs and parted them, bringing my mouth nearer to her fragrant
pussy.  I looked up at her as she was riveted by the sight.  Just like
the boy in the video, I acted out the oral sex scene, knowing every
move by this time.  My tongue seemed to have a mind of its own, lapping
away at Lisa's wet cunt, up and down along the folds, toying with her
clit.  She began to moan and buck her hips back forcefully into my
face, turning her head alternately between the TV and the live action
between her wide open legs.  "Uggh, OHHH, Yeah, Yeah, Timmyyy, lick it
like that, ohhh, it feels so good, more, right there!" she pleaded
passionately.
   I was so happy to be servicing this willing cousin of mine, but
   unlike the video, I found myself reaching up to withdraw a detached
pubic hair from my mouth.  I tried to be as cool as I possibly could
under the circumstances, returning quickly to further taste her juicy
cunt with my tiring tongue.  I darted it up into her hole as far as it
would stretch, feeling a twinge of pain as the thin attaching underside
membrane of my tongue felt like it was tearing from the distended
reach.  She was obviously loving it though, and her gyrating pleasure
eased my own discomfort.
    The boy in the video then asked the girl to take his cock in her
    mouth, and I ceased my actions to watch Lisa's reaction to the new
scene.  "Oh my God, she's putting her mouth on it," she said, "oooo,
gross!  Tim, do you mind if I don't do t-that, yet...?"
   "That's OK, Lisa, whatever you want," I said, hugging her gently,
knowing that her friend Jenny would gladly repeat her prior
performance.  We watched the blow job scene together, when Lisa said,
"She looks like she's enjoying it, though, and so does he.  Maybe next
time, OK, Tim?"
   The "next time" part of her sentence was even more exciting than the
rest, as I knew I could depend upon three weeks of fucking and
sucking!
   Finally the boyfriend in the movie persuaded the girl to lie back
   and try to take his cock in.  This is it, I thought, as I also
positioned myself above Lisa's small, trembling body.  Her eyes were
turned away toward the TV, watching the action in a sort of detached,
out-of-body fear, as I began to ease my cock between her secret folds
of virgin pussy.  I tried to synchronize my thrusting attempts with the
actors in the video, pushing up against her cherry.  Lisa began to
squirm and ache just like the girl on the screen, saying, "Nooo, uggh,
stop it, it hurrrts..."
   But I continued, not listening, pushing harder just like the boy in
   the movie, until I felt my cock suddenly break through her
virginity, plunging deep inside Lisa's tight hole.  "Ohhh, Goddd, it
hurts, take it out, please Tim, Ohh, uggh, take it, uhh!" she cried
out, but I couldn't control myself, continuing to thrust my cock back
and forth, deeper still.  "Ooohh, take it --, oooh, t-take it,... NO,
uugghh, YES,cp-push harrrder, FUCK ME, please, FUCK ME HARDER TIM!!"
   These nasty words coming from this cute young girl was forcing me
   over the edge, as I complied with her demand, plunging myself deeper
inside, feeling her tight pussy walls clenching around my cock.  She
brought her legs up around my ass, thrusting her heels downward,
pushing my pelvic bone harder against her sensitive clit.  The
tightness of her pussy was unfortunately causing a bit of pain on my
cock, delaying my climax.  We both bucked against one another as her
lubrication increased its flow, and her previously tense cunt muscles
began to relax, easing the entry a bit.  I was so shocked at this new
feeling around my cock that I had to get adjusted to it, prolonging our
first fuck even longer.  It seemed to go on forever.  I was beginning
to feel like a real stud, but it was only the newness of the sensation
that enabled me to hold out longer.
   Lisa was totally lost in passion now, thrusting herself willingly
against me, panting and grunting faster, on the edge of orgasm.  I also
was about to let loose, feeling my balls tighten, as she pushed up
against me, holding and grinding her pelvis against mine in her first
truly sexual orgasm.  "OOhhh, God, Ohhh, YESSSS!" she cried, and just
as I felt her cunt walls clamp down upon my cock, I had the presence of
mind to withdraw, spewing my jism onto her still writhing stomach,
driving my cock along her erect clit.
   We both opened our eyes to each other in mutual satisfaction and
embraced warmly.  "That was great, Lisa," I sighed contently.  "You're
telling me," she answered, "but, well, it did kinda hurt at first."
   "I'm sorry, Lisa," I said with a caring tone.  "Next time it won't,
though."
   "I love you, Tim," she said, tightly hugging her sweaty, cum stained
body against mine.  Meanwhile, the video had progressed to a completely
different scene, with a young girl on top of her lover this time,
pushing herself energetically down upon his cock.  Looking at this
intriguing position with fascination, Lisa asked, "Tim, can we try it
that way next time?"
   "Any way you want it, Lisa," I answered, "but we should be getting
   some rest now, I think."
   "Yeah," she yawned, "I'm all pooped out." Her last words reminded me
   of how young she really was, and for an instant I felt a pang of
guilt.  As she got up from the couch to put on her clothes, however, I
was overwhelmed by her beautifully budding form, even wishing she were
a bit younger.  I couldn't quite understand how I had become so
attracted to prepubescent girls, but I knew that I would have preferred
her body to be completely hairless for some strange reason.  And to
think that Lisa feared she was too young for me!
