CUZLUV  -  A fantasy by Nobo Cough

CHAPTER 3

   I lay there on the blanket thinking I had died and gone to heaven.
   Here I was alone with four innocent girls who had no idea what they
were doing to me.  None of them knew just how crazy with lust I was
with these little girls teasing me all the time.  There must be
something in this country air that made them all so sexually curious at
such young ages.rcEven their friends were naughty.
   I couldn't wait for Lisa's friend Jenny to bring her plan to
   fruition.  Lisa might even let me fuck her, and I was gonna go nuts
if I didn't get laid, no matter how young she was.  The twins were just
too childish to possibly let me do anything with them.  But I did get
to see real pussies for the first time, and felt them on my skin as
well.  They were wet, too, and I knew from the stories in my dirty
magazines that girls got moist when they were aroused.  And they seemed
really interested when they saw the tip of my dick sneaking out of my
swimming trunks.  Jeez, I'd gladly show them the whole thing if I could
look at them - but they were so immature that they'd probably tell all
their friends about it.
   Just then I heard the high pitched voices of the twins yelling at
   each other in the house.  "He likes me better!" screamed Terri.
"Does not!" retorted Sue.  "He was looking at MY legs when he got
hard!" shouted Terri.  They didn't seem to realize in their anger and
jealousy that I could plainly hear them arguing.  "Yeah but it got
REALLY hard when I rubbed my cunny on it!" blasted Sue shamelessly.
   Their bickering continued aedI entered through the screen door.  I
   had to stop them before I had an all out cat fight on my hands.
When they saw me they both quieted down, blushing deeply.  "What were
you two fighting about?" I asked, feigning ignorance.
   "Didn't you like looking up my skirt, Tim?  I know you did, 'cause
   your thingy got hard.  Aren't I better looking than Sue?" Terri
asked, hoping to settle the dispute.  Sue immediately spoke up, "Yeah,
but it was MY idea, and he looked up my skirt too!"
   "You girls were very naughty for doing that cheer without any
   panties on," I scolded them.
   "But you looked, I saw you," Sue said, "and I felt your hard dicky
   on my thing."
   "Tim got a real close look at mine, though, right Tim?" Terri
   taunted, "when I was sitting on your face?  You could see my cunny
close up, and you let me do it, so I know you liked mine better."
   "Look, you two are very pretty girls.  I think you're both very
attractive for eleven year olds, but I can't say I like one of you more
than the other.  You're both a little too young for me anyway, don't
you think?" I said, trying to be kind and understanding.
   "So what ifcI'm eleven," complained Terri. "I have titties now, even
   if they're not as big as Lisa's.  I saw you looking at her's in the
car, but mine are nice too," she said, arching her back, trying to
thrust out her tiny tits toward me.  I couldn't help but look at the
front of her cheerleader uniform, checking out how she had in fact
grown a pair of small breasts.
   "Mine are bigger," shouted Sue, as she edged her sister out of the
   way and stood sideways so I could notice her tits in a profile.
They were both such small little girls, with tiny waists and firm
legs.  Their proportions were awesome though, like miniature scale
models of a teenage girl more my age.
   "They are not bigger," argued Terri, "I'll show you.  And I bet Sue
   is too chicken!"  With that she crossed her arms in front of her and
grabbed the bottom of her shirt, raising it over her head.  Now she was
standing proudly in front of me with just a training bra covering her
chest.
   "Am not chicken," said Sue as she too took off the top of her
   uniform, and then to my disbelief she reached back and unsnapped her
bra, letting it drop to the floor.  Terri of course had to follow suit,
taking off her bra to give me an unobstructed view.  There wasn't
really much for these two girls to be arguing about, as their newly
developing breasts were so small that I really couldn't distinguish any
noticeable difference between them.  They were cute little titties,
though, I thought to myself.  The twins had fair complexions, and their
breasts were almost milky white, capped with tiny pink nipples.  I was
getting turned on by eleven year old tits, thinking about what they
would look like when they grew a little bigger like Lisa's.  Then I
envisioned what Lisa's tits would look like and felt my cock getting
hard again.
   "Do you like looking at me?" asked Terri with a big grin, cupping
   the undersides of her tits with her hands coyly.
   Before I could reply in the most definite affirmative, Sue stepped
   right up to me, holding her arms slightly behind her, thrusting her
juvenile chest toward me.  She was nearly two feet shorter than I was,
so she craned her neck back, staring up at me with begging eyes.  "You
can touch mine if you want.  I bet mine feel better than Terri's.  My
nippies get hard when I rub them. Here, try."
   "Oh my gosh, Sue, you gonna let Tim feel you up?" Terri asked in
disbelief.
   "Now who's chicken!" Sue proudly challenged.  "Go on, do it Tim,
   feel my titties.  I want you to."
   "Come on, Sue, I'm 17 years old!  What would people say if they
   heard I was feeling your t-tits," I stammered.  God, I wanted to
feel them in the worst way, real naked tits, even if she was only
eleven.
   "Please?" she pleaded, "I won't tell.  Let's show Terri that you
   like me better.  She won't let you feel hers, I bet."
   Holy shit, I thought, she wants me to squeeze her tits so much.
   Does she know what she's doing to me?  And what might happen ifcI
went a little further?  I just couldn't resist feeling those bare
breasts, so very slowly I raised my right hand up and gently cupped her
left tit.  Her skin was so smooth and that growing breast was firm and
warm.  I started to move my hand around it and gave a light squeeze.
It yielded slightly at my hand's pressure, but not much because it was
so youthfully firm.
   "Hmmm, that feels neat, Tim," Sue purred softly.  Her eyes were
   tightly closed, and I wondered if that was in reaction to this newly
discovered pleasure or whether she was frightened to look at what I was
doing.  "Rub my nippy, Tim, it feels nice right there."
   Adjusting my trembling hand, I held her tiny nipple between my thumb
   and forefinger, rolling it slightly aedI exerted more pressure,
gently pinching the delicious gland.  With that, Sue shuddered in
delight, and her mouth fell open to accommodate her increasingly rapid
gasps for air.  "Ooooh, yeah, hmmmmm, sqeeeeze it Tim!" she moaned with
the passion of a woman twice her age.  I did as she asked, getting a
feverish and faint feeling myself as my blood was pounding through my
body, quickly filling the membranes of my throbbing dick.  Sure enough,
that little nipple became erect between my fingers, allowing me a
firmer grip.  I was afraid my pinching fingers would hurt her, but she
just writhed in pleasure even more.
   "That isn't fair!" said her sister Terri, as she pushed Sue out of
   the way and beyond my lust-driven groping hand.  "Feel me too, Tim,"
she cried, "I'm not scared.  Here!"  Terri gripped both of my wrists
and planted my two palms firmly down upon both of her tits.  "Mine are
nicer, right Tim?" she asked, searching my eyes for approval and
agreement.
   "Well, it's hard to tell," I stalled, wanting to squeeze Terri's
   tits for a while too.  "You both have lovely little breasts for
girls your age.  I can't quite make up my mind which one of you girls
fee--er, uh, looks nicer."  In this fever of squeezing these cute
little girl tits, I was loosing all self control, becoming a bit
bolder.  "A guy can't tell just by f-feeling a girl's breasts, you
know..."  The invisible gates which separate reason from irrational
lust had been torn asunder, and I was falling, falling further into the
mysterious mist of no return.
   "What do you mean?" D-do you want to feel me down t-there, too?"
   Terri whispered breathlessly, following my own searching eyes toward
her cheerleader skirt.  I knew there wasn't anything between that
fabric and her deliciously hairless twat.  My preferences had somehow
shifted away from the furry cunts I had seen in my magazines and video,
as I longed to feel her wet and bare preteen slit.
   She had a distinctively apprehensive look on her face, tightening up
   a bit while taking a small step back away from me.  I began to think
perhaps I had gone a bit too far with my last remark.  But she was
obviously enjoying my hands squeezing her titties.  Maybe I should stop
there and just enjoy how far I had already managed to get.
   Sue also noticed Terri's reluctance and shouted, "I'll let him!" She
flung herself back on the rug, hiking her skirt up and splaying her
legs far apart.  "Please don't tell mommy that I let you though, O.K
Tim?"
   "Well, I'll let you touch me too," started Terri, "but, only if
   you..." She was looking over at her sister for a silent arrangement
of complicity as she continued, "O-only if you let us look at your
dicky.  Please?"
   I was becoming accustomed to their cute and innocent names for my
   cock.  It was actually kind of a turn-on hearing their soft high
pitched voices talking about my cock as though it were one of their
dolls.  I frankly didn't care at all about propriety now, having just
felt their young tits.  The thought of feeling their pussies as well
made my whole body quiver with anticipation.  "Remember, you guys
promised not to tell," I reminded them.
   In stereophonic glee they said, "We promise!!" Terri joined her
   sister on the floor, hoisting her skirt up as well, spreading those
athletic legs and baring her young snatch to my wide eyes.  I gave in,
lowering my trunks, standing in front of these two adorable naked twins
with my dick bobbing straight out, jerking rhythmically in synch with
my quickened pulse.  Their faces instantly betrayed their innocence.
They had never seen a boy's prick before today, and they were drinking
in the sight of my hardened cock just a few feet in front of them.
   "Oh, boy, look at it!" squealed Sue to her sister.  Then she
   whispered, "Wait till the other girls hear about this!"  "Shut up!"
yelled Terri.
   "Hey, you guys promised," I complained, feeling rather uneasy.  "I'm
   sorry," said Sue.  "But none of our friends on the squad has seen
one before, and they all asked about you.  We won't tell.  But maybe if
you showed it to them, they would let you d-do things too, if you
want..."
   Her voice trailed off at the end of her bold proposal, and her
   sister Terri began elbowing her fiercely from the side in an attempt
to quiet her down.  "Well, I don't know," I said, half wanting to fuck
the entire cheerleader team now, "you girls are too young for that sort
of thing."
   "Linda told us that her brother put his finger up inside her thingy,
   but she cried and ran away from him," Sue confided.  "Do you want to
do that too?  We won't cry."  Her legs opened wider in an invitation
for me to do just that.  "I bet mine feels better inside than Sue's
does," Terri challenged.  I couldn't have stopped my hand if I tried --
and I didn't.  I kneeled down on the rug in front of them and gently
touched the pouting cunt lips of Terri as she spread out before me
provocatively.  Making small circles with my fingers, I searched for
her clit, bending down close to watch her every fold and glistening
membrane twitch slightly under my caresses.
   Her hips began bucking back against my hand in pleasure, looking so
wanton in the heat of her little girl desire.  I glanced over at her
sister, and Sue's eyes were darting back and forth between the sight of
Terri's cunt lips being massaged by my finger and my pulsing red hot
poker of a cock.  Her hand shot down between her legs at the sight, and
she began to massage her pussy in front of me.  I took my hand from
Terri's slit and brought it over to Sue, gently pushing her own fingers
aside so as to stroke her warm and wet pussy as well.  Sue thrust her
hips up at the shock of my touch, whispering softly, "Oooh, Tim, touch
me there..."
   I knew the spot she wanted to be touched, but instead I teasingly
avoided her clit and pressed down lower, searching for her tight little
hole.  Having never felt a girl down there, I probed around for ten
seconds or so until the tip of my finger discovered her quivering
opening.
   "Uunnggh!" squealed Sue, feeling the first half inch of my finger
   push slowly into her.  Her face looked contorted and her little body
bent sideways as she clamped her thighs upon my hand.  The vice-like
grip of her thighs together with her sudden twisting movement ejected
my finger from its new found pleasure cave.  "Oh, Gaawd!" she mewed,
"do it again!"
   "Wait!" complained Terri, "it's my turn.  But I want to feel his
   dicky touch my thing -- you got to feel it outside before, Sue, it's
only fair!  Come on, Tim, rub your thing on me!"  I couldn't resist her
request.  I removed my hand from Sue's gripping thighs and positioned
myself rather awkwardly down between Terri's open and waiting thighs.
Carefully, I placed my cock onto her slit, and began rocking gently
forward, rubbing it up and down with increasing pressure.  Teri's hips
rose off the floor to make the contact between us more definite.
"Oohhhh, yeah, Tim, rub it harder!" she demanded.
   My mind and body were caught in a combat between fear and desire as
   my prick was stimulated by my little cousin's moist hairless cunt
lipsarchedI looked over at Sue, she was staring down at our rubbing sex
organs, moving her own finger along the upper part of her pussy,
teasing her tiny clit.  They were both panting and rocking their hips
in unison now, as though they were sharing the same pleasure
simultaneously.  Terri bent her head down to gaze at my cock thrusting
against the outer folds of her cunt.  She looked up at my strained face
and asked, "T-Tim, are we f-fucking now?"
   "N-n-no," I gasped in the most perfect pleasure I had ever felt.
   "We're just f-fooling aroun--ugghh aahhh!"  The sight and feeling of
my cock sliding firmly against this cute little girl pussy sent me into
an orgasmic whirlwind, and my cum began to shoot out upon her gyrating
body.
   Sue had the best vantage point and immediately stopped playing with
herself to concentrate on the stream of white coursing from the head of
my cock.  "W-what's that stuff!?" she asked, half in fear, half in
shocked curiosity.
   Then Terri felt the first eruption hit her chest and she looked
   downward quickly, still rocking her body along with mine.  "Ohhh,
yeah!" I grunted, shooting the second wad upward higher.  The arc of
this second blast landed right above Terri's head, leaving a trail of
steaming jism along her reddened cheek.  Another two shots sprang forth
upon her belly, and I thrust once more, eking out the last of my cum.
   "Oh my gosh," shrieked Terri, "so that's what comes out."  She had
probably heard stories about it from her friends at school.  Sue
reached over and gingerly touched a glob of my cum on Terri's chest.
As she pulled her hand away, a thin strand stretched between her finger
and her sister's flesh, breaking off after a few inches.  "It's all
sticky!" she said in amazement at her first feel of male cum.
   "Is that sperm?" asked Terri.  "Yes," I replied, "it comes out when
   boys get excited."
   "So you do like me.  I mean, you know, you shot your stuff out.  But
   you said we weren't doing, uh, fucking yet?" Terri asked.
   "Well, no," I said, feeling a bit ashamed of myself now that the
   fever of lust had left me.  "A boy has to put his penis up inside a
girl's vagina to fu--, to have sex with her."
   "You mean like the way you had your finger in my thing?" Sue asked
hopefully.  "Yes," I answered, "but deeper in."
   "Will you do it to me?" asked Sue.  "I bet it feels neat, like your
finger did!"
   "I want to try it first!" Terri insisted, "please, Tim, me first!"
   "Come on girls," I said, "you're too young for that." "Oh, but I
   want to try it," pleaded Sue. "I've always heard the girls on the
team whispering about it, but none of them have done it yet.  I want to
be the first."
   "Yeah, Tim," Terri said, "you were feeling good, I could tell by
   your face.  I liked it too.  Can't we do it?  Just once?  Some of
the girls on our squad are coming over next Wednesday for a swim.  I
want to show them that I can fuck like the older girls in High School.
They'll be sooo jealous.  Can we show them, please?  They won't believe
me if I just told them about it.  Pretty please, Tim?"
   Sue joined in with her sister's begging, "Please Tim, but me first,
O.K.?"
   "I don't think so, girls," I said, feeling genuinely scared of
   fucking the twins, especially with their little cheerleader friends
watching us.  Hell, some of their friends on the squad were probably
only ten years old!  Doing it to Lisa was one thing -- she was older
and really seemed mature enough to keep a secret.
   "Oh, please Tim?" Sue continued, "you can watch us all swimming
   without our suits on.  We like to skinny dip in the pool when no
one's around, it feels neat and kind of naughty!  But it would be even
neater if you were watching us!  Wednesday we could get Kimmy to go
watch nasty old Lisa play her soccer scrimmage.  Then we'd be all
alone, and no one can see us in the back yard anyway."
   "Yeah, Tim," Terri said, "I bet you'd like to watch us naked!  The
   boys are always trying to look up our skirts, but you could see us
all nude if you go skinny dipping with us.  The other girls would love
to see your thing too!  Can we, huh?  It'll be fun!"
   "Well, we'll see." I said, still in shock at their brazen and
   naughty idea.  These two young cousins of mine really were cute,
still lying on the floor in front of me in just saddle shoes and knee
socks, with their skirts hiked up above their slender waists.  I looked
at their eager, bright eyed faces with soft and childish freckled
features, begging me to go skinny dipping with their cheerleading
team.  Just that thought along with the sight of my cum on Terri's
chest and face started to bring my dick back to life.  And they both
wanted me to fuck them, in front of their friends!
   "We better get going to your practice, girls," I said, blushing as
   my cock was rising again.
   "Look, Sue," Terri giggled, "it's getting hard again.  You DO want
   to swim naked with us, don't you Tim?!"
   I quickly stood up and pulled on my trunks in embarrassment.  "Come
   on, girls, put on your clothes now or we'll be late!"
   "Ohhh, OK," Sue muttered.  "I'll go help Terri clean off your
   sperm," she giggled as they ran to the bathroom.
   We drove to their practice at the town recreation field.  Some
   parents were driving out, having left their kids off.  The boys were
suited up in their oversized shoulder pads, while a pack of uniformed
little cheerleaders were grouped together at the other end of the
parking lotarchedI pulled the station wagon closer, they recognized the
car and came skipping over to see the twins, and me, I supposed.  They
were all different heights, at different stages of development.  Most
appeared quite a bit younger than my twin cousins, but two of them had
grown breasts larger than either Sue or Terri.  I furtively examined
their growing forms as the twins got out and was extremely turned on by
these preteen lovelies.
   I felt myself getting hooked on the sight of prepubescent girls,
   with their tiny curves, and I suddenly realized just how much I'd
love to see them naked in our pool.  "Hey Terri," I whispered as she
got out, "maybe it would be OK if we all, uh, went swimming..."
   "Goody!" she shrieked in glee, interrupting me and running to join
   her friends.  I waited for half a minute in the car, watching those
firm legs and little butts wiggling under the uniforms.  hedI put the
car in drive, I saw Terri and Sue gathering five of the other girls
around them by a stand of dogwood trees at the far end of the field.
These must be the "swimmers," I thought, pleased that the two I had
admired before were among them.  I was just beginning to drive off when
I distinctly saw Terri raise her top, standing so her back faced the
other boys and girls at the other side of the field.  Their five
special friends were staring at Terri's bare stomach, and one of them
reached out her hand to touch it, quickly pulling her fingers away
again, as they all burst into a chorus of giggles.  Sue glanced over
and saw me looking from a distance, and then tugged her sister's top
down again, motioning in my direction.
   All this had to mean that those little devils hadn't cleaned my
   fresh cum from Terri's stomach after all, playing their own version
of show-and- tell!  "Shit!" I shouted to myself, they're gonna get me
into all sorts of trouble now.  Fear began to take hold of me as I saw
their friends staring at me wide-eyed.  Then one of the two more
developed girls screwed her face into a wicked grin and winked at me!
She quickly looked around to see if anyone was watching and reached
behind, gripping the back of her skirt.  In one fluid motion she lifted
it up, jutting her little panty-clad bottom in my direction.  At this
my cousins and their five friends exploded into squeals of laughter and
ran off to join the other cheerleaders.
   I hurriedly pulled out of the parking lot in a state of shock, which
   was shortly replaced by relief, as my fear began to subside.  After
another quarter of a mile, I began to flush as a wide grin of sexual
anticipation materialized on my face.  These little girls were really
HOT, and next week I would be frolicking with them all, naked in our
secluded pool!  And the twins actually wanted me to fuck them too!  I
might even get the chance to pop their friends' cherries as well!!
   During my entire teenaged life I had been yearning for the chance to
fuck a girl, ridding myself of my aching virginity.  Wait a minute, I
thought, I've never even done it yet, and it would be really
embarrassing if I didn't do it right.  A vision of Lisa shot through my
brain.  That was it!  If I managed to do it with her soon, I could act
like a real stud with the twins.
   On the way I remembered I had to pick up little Kim and her friend
   Patti at the Y.  Driving up near the door I saw about a dozen little
gymnasts flood out to hop in their parents' cars.  These girls were in
excellent shape, and none of them appeared to be even ten years old
yet.  I couldn't help but look at each of their firm, rounded butts as
they walked past in their skin-tight leotards.  Kim and Patti saw the
car and waving, they smiled brightly, skipping over to me.  Their
blonde, silky hair bounced with each skip, shining in the late
afternoon sunlight.
   "Get a grip, Tim!" I told myself, as I suppressed a thought of
   toying with these young nine year olds.  The twins at eleven were
way too young, but this was ridiculous, I thought.  But there was
something so enticing about them, especially when I remembered how Kim
asked ifcI'd like to watch her and her friend play with themselves.
How could they possibly be so sexual at nine, I wondered.  If I had
only known about this when I was that age!
   I said 'Hi' as they climbed into the back seat.  Occasionally I cast
   a glance at them in the rear view mirror, and Patti always seemed to
be staring at me.  They would whisper back and forth, giggling to
themselves as I drove.  Patti gave me directions to her house, trying
to sound adult as she accurately named the roads, pointing out the
turns along the way.  She bragged that her father had just bought a new
camcorder, and he had shown her how to use it.  Kim said she wanted to
try it too, and mentioned something about making a nature film of the
birds at the feeder.  When we arrived at her house, Kim asked me if she
could sleep over at Patti's house that night to make their first
video.  Patti let out a little giggle, and they were acting so cute and
well behaved that I said it would be fine with me.  Her mother met us
at the door and told me it would be a pleasure to have Kim stay the
night.
   Driving back, I thought about how lucky I was to get rid of Kim and
   the twins for awhile, hoping that Lisa and her friend Jenny had
finalized their scheme for me to catch Lisa in the buff.  All I had to
do was play along and act really interested in Lisa's woman-child
body.  I wouldn't need any acting lessons for that scene, I said to
myself, smiling inwardly with desire.  Pulling into our driveway I saw
the girls' bikes outside, shouting a private "Yesss!" ala Marv Albert.
   When I walked into the house, I could hear Lisa and Jenny playing
pingpong in the basement, so I walked down to tell them that Kim was at
her friend's house.  I really wanted to reassure them that we were
alone in the house, hoping they would execute their plan.  Jenny took
in a good look at me, sizing me up from head to toe.  I was also
looking at her and nearly fainted -- she looked like Brooke Shields
from "Pretty Baby," so fricking gorgeous but still not developed.  I
momentarily began to flash on the vision of her young lips wrapped
around my dick.
   I sat down and turned on the tube as the two girls whispered quickly
together and began to play again.  Lisa was wearing a light frilly top
which fell just short of her belly button, hanging loosely.  After she
hit the ball over to Jenny, she did a rapid 360, trying to look cool.
As she did, her top would spin out by centrifical force, rising upward,
and I figured she was trying to give me show of her titties.  It
worked, too, as I saw the undersides of her upturned tits on each
spin.  Both girls were sweating now, and I began to perspire a little
too, but the only muscle in my body that was active was a cock muscle
as it expanded in my pants.rchedtheir game ended, Lisa said she had to
cool off with a shower, and Jenny gave her a knowing nod.  This could
be it, I greedily thought to myself!  Jenny asked me if I wanted to
play pingpong while Lisa took her shower, and I agreed of course,
cooperating fully with any suggestion she might make.  She started
asking me some forced questions as we played, averting her eyes as she
spoke.
   "Don't ya think Lisa is pretty?" "Sure," I said and then added, "for
   a twelve year old," as I cut the bait.
   "But she's really mature.  I mean, she's got quite a body, don't ya
think?" Jenny protested.
   "I suppose so, I haven't really seen it, of course," I laughed,
   casting Jenny a dirty grin, leaving the door wide open for her.
   "Well," she nervously continued, missing the ball on the return, "if
   you only saw how grown up her body is now, I bet you'd be
surprised."  The pitch of her voice rose enticingly on the second
syllable of her last word.
   "I might be, but I'd never get a chance to look, now, would I?"  I
   hoped I wasn't being too obvious.
   "You wanna see her?  Naked, I mean?" she asked hopefully.  "Don't
   tell her I told you this, OK?" I responded, sealing a supposedly
secret pact with Jenny, "but, yeah, I'd LOVE to get a look at her in
the nude.  Can you help me?"
   Her face betrayed her delight that her plan would be so easy to
   execute now.  "Follow me up the stairs, and I'll knock on the
bathroom door when she's drying off.  Then when she opens it for me you
can get a good look!" she said in a hushed, conspiratorial voice.
   I immediately agreed to the scheme, tip-toeing behind her up the
   stairs.  Staying just far enough down the hallway, not being too
obvious, I would pretend that I just happened to be coming out of my
room when the bathroom door opened.
   Jenny heard the shower stop and gave a knock, then two more quickly,
   in what I realized was their secret code that Lisa should give me a
good long show.  Jenny said, in a fairly good acting job, "Lisa, it's
just me.  Open up!"  Right on cue Lisa opened the door, and I feasted
my eyes on an incredible nubile young naked body.  My jaw dropped and I
let out an audible, and quite genuine, "WOW!"
   This girl's body really WAS amazing.  Her growing tits stood out and
   up with the firmness of youth, capped by fully matured, large
nipples.  Her slender, tanned body was beginning to become defined in a
slight hourglass womanly figure.  My eyes traced every curve down
lower, and saw the most beautiful wispy bush in the world -- not
overgrown and dark like the women in my magazines.  It had obviously
just begun to grow, barely forming a light brown tiny triangle at her
crotch, leaving her pouting cunt lips still plainly discernable.
   Lisa heard my adoring exclamation and pretended to act shocked as
planned, feigning anger at Jenny for opening the door while I was
upstairs.  She purposefully held her vulnerable position directly open
to my gaze for what seemed an eternity, and then slammed the door.  I
put on my best acting at this point, shouting, "I'm sorry Lisa, I was
just coming out of my room, and I didn't mean to look."
   "Th-that's OK, I know you didn't mean to..." she said through the
   door.  After our amateur production had closed its final act, I said
   goodbye to Jenny at the door, giving her a smile and a thankful
wink.  She smiled back and rode off.  Lisa and I became very self
conscious after Jenny left, and I suggested a game of pool to break the
uncomfortable silence.  She agreed but added that she hardly ever
played and wasn't very good.  I told her I'd be glad to teach her.
   Lisa had been honest about her poor pool playing, as she didn't even
know how to hold the cue properly.  I seized upon the opportunity to
get close to her, offering to show her how to hold it, hoping that
wouldn't be the only stick she would be holding later on that night.
Leaning over her closely from behind, I extended my left arm, holding
my hand gently over hers on the cue stick.  Babbling inane instructions
to her, my head nuzzled against her left cheek.  Reaching around her, I
guided her other hand back along the cue, purposefully grazing her
right breast slowly with my fingers.
   At that mutually consensual contact, I felt her shudder slightly
   with forbidden delight.  I eased my head back slightly, maintaining
contact along the way until my trembling lips touched her ear.  I
whispered to her suggestively, "Lisa, you have an absolutely incredible
body."  I wasn't lying.
   "You really think so?" she whispered back under her quickening
   breath.  "Yeah," I continued excitedly, "I didn't know you were so
   grown up." I knew this was exactly what she wanted to hear.
   "Thank you, Tim," she sighed passionately, "I-I think you have a
   g-great body too....but....I haven't seen you y-yet..."
   We were still frozen in that pose, our warm bodies pressing against
   each other.  "Well," I suggested, "maybe tonight, after the twins
are in bed, you could stay up a little later, and..."
   "Oh, yessss!" she gasped.  "OK," I agreed, "I have to pick them up
   from practice soon.  If you want, later tonight we could watch TV
again like last night.  But, I, uh, well I have this video that we
could watch, I mean, it's X-rated, you know...?"
   "Really?" she asked, breathing even heavier now, "m-maybe we
   could..." She couldn't finish the sentence, so I helped her, adding,
   "play p-pretend again?"
   "Ummmm...I g-guess so..." With that I stood up straight again,
   letting go of her trembling, heated body, and left to pick up the
twins.  This is fucking GREAT, I told myself.  She was gonna watch an
X-rated video with me tonight!  She really wanted to fuck me, I
thought!
   Just then, I heard the word "video" in my brain again, and it
   sparked a memory from earlier in the day -- when I drove Kim and her
friend Patti to her house.  Kim had said something that didn't even
register at the time, because I was thinking about the twins and Lisa.
She said she and Patti were going to make a nature video of birds that
night.  There's no way any birds would be at their bird feeder at
night.  And Patti did give that little giggle when Kim mentioned it.
Oh my God, I thought, just what kind video were those two little girls
planning to make?...
