GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
   G R E E N Y  w o r l d  D o m i n a t i o n  T a s k  F o r c e
                              Presents:
                                                                        "THE 
PRICE"
     It was a time of magic were by the wave of a hand you could rule a 
civilization. This is the time that Ender was from an orphan his mother died 
when he was born; his father was killed in a battle before he was born. All 
the people said he was an evil child; only one person thought that he was not 
evil, that was the old man that was his mentor Talsu. He was a grumpy old man, 
the people said that the only reason that he took Ender in was for a slave 
(and they were right) but the old man was teaching Ender magic with Ender's 
word that he would never leave the old man.That is what Ender did, he never 
left the old man till the day that the old man told Ender to go to Rana a town 
that was 23 miles a way it would take Ender a full days walk to get there.So 
he left in the morning and he walked for for hours till he had a vision that 
his master had sent him away for the reason that the village was going to be 
burned to the ground. So Ender ran as fast as he could till he reached the 
village it was on fire  so he went to the old man's house the people that had 
done this were still there. So he used what magic he knew to make the men go 
away but thay just showed him what magic there greatest mage could do Ender 
was nocked uncontscious and left for dead.
     Ender woke up in a cave with all of the magic books that were in the old
man's house then he saw the old man on the ground motionless Ender wen't over 
to the body and turned it over the old man's face was burned of.Ender then ran 
out of the cave and pucked in the near by bushes. When he was done he wipedhis 
mouth with his sleave and wen't back into into the cave so he  dissided to 
finish his teachings then he would take revenge for his masters death.
     Several years later he hade finished his teachings he was a WARLOCK now 
he knew every spell in all of the old man's books now it was time to take his 
revenge.
     He dissided to go after the mage firstit would be very hard to find him. 
So he started at the  closest town Canru. This he did the next morning It was 
a long walk to Canru he reached Canru by nightfall. He got a room at an inn. 
The morning was a warm one he walked to the house of the leader of the town 
his name was Syter. Syter was a youthful man of 28 he was a powerful mage that 
had a vision that Ender would visit him so he was ready to meet him at the 
door . He invited Ender in by name,Ender was surprised so he wen't in slowly, 
And then Ender asked Syterif he knew of the mage that helped burn down his 
village. He said that he had herd that the mage was given a town by the name 
of Kanri. Syter gave Ender a room to sleep and a whore to have his way with 
for this Ender was thanckfulso Ender befriended Syter. In the morning Ender 
gotgoing He saw a man by the side of the road Ender said hi to the man at that 
moment the man got up and another man came out of nowhere the man by the side 
of the road then "said give me all your gold and belongings and I may set you 
free may"at that time Ender had had all he could take from them so he said "my 
dear man you don't know what youare dealing with hear"the man said" what are
you a wizard or some thing?" Ender then said"I am not of sutch a low rank when 
it comes to magic i am anever powerful WARLOCK!!!!" the man just said"there 
are no more WARLOCKs In this world I was part of the group of people that 
killed all of them. Then Ender said"then you will tell me where I can find all 
of the people that were part of that group now will you?!?!?". The man just 
terned to run the other man had allready ran into the woods so Ender would not 
fallow him he would use this one to help him find every one that was envolved 
in the death of his mentor. The man was just about to the edge of the forest 
when AEnder used his magic to make the man fall to his knees he tryed to move 
but it was no use Ender's power was to powerful Ender then made the manmove to 
him in a most disrespectful way then Ender cast a spell on the man so the man 
was under Ender's power And the only way to remove the spell was to kill the 
man but Ender would never let that happen to his only link to his revenge. 
They set camp in the forest as not to draw suspition and so the other man 
could not find them. In the morning they set off to Asherwa that is where the 
man said Ender could find the mage there. when they finaly reached Asherwa at 
around noon the other man had allready been there so all the people were there 
to see the last WARLOCK alive. The mage was there to meet Ender and to kill 
him. The mage said "My dear boy why do you want to die like your mentor???". 
Ender said "I will not die on this day, it is not my day to die: it is 
your's!!!". The mage made the people leave. Ender was geting ready when the 
mage attacked him with a mystic flame Ender was off guard he would neve let 
that happen again. Ender attacked the mage with a bolt of lightning that the 
mage tookbut with out sending Ender a surprise a virus that made Ender so sick
that he ran over to the mage and pucked on the mage and then Ender fell down 
on the ground withn a thud. The mage was so happy that he called the people 
back so he could show the people the death of the last WARLOCK the people 
watched with intent eyes as the mage began the spell that would end Ender's 
life....
     End of Chapter 1: THE REST WILL COME LATER. I WANTED TO LEAVE YOU WANTING 
MORE SO TELL LOBO OR ME, THE LIZARD KING, THAT YOU WANT MORE.
     BY:The Lizard King <Zeke Valencia>

This file was written on a Commodore 64 that TLK found in his dumpster, using 
Speedscript 2.0 and Omega Q II.

GwD Command Centers-
Chaos                     (806)797-7501
     SysOp-Seth the Man (Birthplace of GwD, Mission Control)
Gridpoint                 (806)763-4801; node two `2400bps (806)763-5072,,22   
                         SysOp-Transderm-Nitro (First Conquest)
Federation Slayers'       (806)799-1184
     SysOp-Big Red Fed
We lost the Garden of Eden because Malachi could not afford the phone bill to 
keep it up.

copyright (c),1993 by The Lizard King
GREENY world Domination Task Force copyright (c),1993 by Lobo
All rights reserved to Mr. Greeny

GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD08
