GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
 G R E E N Y world D O M I N A T I O N
              Task Force
               Presents:
          "Quotes: Volume I"
        by Lobo and Seth the Man


     Here are some of our favorite quotes.  We hope that you enjoy them as 
well.

"I'm pretty cool, but I can't change the future."-Butt-Head, from MTV's Beavis 
and Butt-Head.

"That is one big pile of shit."-Ian Malcolm, from the movie Jurassic Park.

"I need to make lots of money so I can buy something to eat.  Eating brings 
out the fun in me."-George Foreman.

"The body is from the dust and knows that it will return to the dust and so is 
always in despair.  The soul has always been there and will always be there and
so revels in that fact.  So in truth, there is no good or evil, just body
and soul."-Seth the Man.

"Wooooo, I'm 3/Y+3."-Elite bastards.

"The Commodore 64 personal computer (more simply C64) is a powerful, 
sophisticated, yet easy to use information processing system."-Page one of The 
Commodore 64 User's Manual.

"I like to talkwith some old lover's ghost Who died before the god of Love was 
born."-Love's Deitie, by John Donne.

"You know what I've dreamed about, you can supply the pleasure."-Frank, in The 
Hellbound Heart by Clive Barker.

"Rule One in housebreaking: Never answer the telephone when you're in the 
middle of a job.  Who are you supposed to be for heaven's sake?  Rule Two:  
Preparation.  Bring the right tools.  Bring gloves.  Try to have the faintest 
glimmering of an idea of what you're about before you start dangling from 
window ledges in the middle of the night.  Rule Three: Never forget Rule Two.  
Rule Four: Never stand where you can be photographed."-Dirk Gently, in Dirk 
Gently's Holistic Detective Agency, by Douglas Adams.

"There was a discordant hum of human voices!  There was a loud blast as of a 
thousand trumpets!  There was a harsh grating as of a thousand thunders!  The
fiery walls rushed back!  An outstretched arm caught my own as i fell, 
fainting, into the abyss.  It was that of General Lasalle.  The French army 
had entered Toledo.  The Inquisition was in the hands of its enemies."-From 
The Pit and the Pendulum, by Edgar Allan Poe.

"I don't give a shit about the Italian lira."-Richard M. Nixon.

"I would have made a good Pope."-Richard M. Nixon.

"How do you like that guy?  Can't run six balls and he's President of the 
United States."-Pool hustler Johnny Irish about Nixon.

"The arabs are a backward people who eat nothing but camel dung."-Winston 
Churchill.

"Things have never been more like the way they are today in history."-Dwight 
d, Eisenhower.

"When I was a boy, I was told that anybody could become President; I'm 
beginning to believe it."-Clarence Darrow.

"Nixon, Ford, Carter, Reagan--a Mount Rushmore of incompetence."-David 
Steinberg.

"What this country needs is more unemployed politicians."-Edward Langley.

"When men are pure, laws are useless; when men are corrupt, laws are 
broken."-Benjamin Disraeli.

"I became a policeman because i wanted to be in a business where the customer 
is always wrong."-Unnamed officer.

"Moral victories don't count."-Savielly Grigorievitch Tartakower.

"A closed mouth gathers no feet."-Anonymous.

"I enjoy being a highly overpayed actor."-Roger Moore.

"Nothing is wrong with Southern California that a rise in the ocean level 
wouldn't cure."-Ross MacDonald.

"Parts of Texas look like Kansas with a goiter."-Unknown.

"In America, anyone can become president.  That's one of the risks you 
take."-Adlai Stevenson.

"There will be a rain dance Fiday night, weather permitting."-George Carlin.

"A lady is one who never shows her underwear unintentionally."-Lillian Day.

"One man's folly is another man's wife."-Helen Rowland.

"The trouble with some women is that they get all excited about nothing--and 
then marry him."-Cher.

"I was a fifty-four-year-old virgin, but I'm all right now."-Anonymous.

"Eighty percent of married men cheat in America.  The rest cheat in 
Europe."-Jackie Mason.

"It is no wonder that people are so horrible when they start life as 
children."-Kingsley Amis.

"I was toilet-trained at gunpoint."-Billy Braver.

"Give me a museum, and I'll fill it."-Pablo Picasso.

"If you don't eat your meat, you can't have any pudding."-The teacher in Pink 
Floyd: The Wall.

"It can hardly be a coincidence that no language on earth has ever produced 
the expression,'As pretty as an airport.'  Airports are ugly.  Some are very
ugly.  Some attain a degree of ugliness that can only be the result of a
special effort.  This ugliness arises because airports are full of people who 
are tired, cross, and have just discovered that their luggage has landed in 
Murmansk (Murmansk airport is the only known exception to this otherwise 
infallible rule), and architects on the whole have tried to reflect this in 
their designs.  They have sought to highlight the tiredness and crossness 
motif with brutal shapes and nerve-jangling colors, to make effortless the 
business of separating the traveler forever from his or her luggage or loved 
ones, to confuse the traveler with arrows that appear to point at windows, 
distant tie racks, or the current position of Ursa Minor in the night sky, and 
wherever possible to exposethe plumbing on the grounds that it is functional, 
and conceal the location of the departure gates, presumably on the grounds 
that they are not."-From The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul, by Douglas Adams.

"There is no such thing as lying.  There are just different interpretations of 
the truth.  Some are very close to what actually happened, while others are 
nowhere near it."-Lobo

"Woogie, woogie!"-Seth the Man.

"I feel better than James Brown.  I feel better now."-Some Song.

"They might be big, they might be fake, they might be big big fake fake lies."
-They Might Be Giants, from the song They Might Be Giants.

"I'm not a cow."-Boffo.

"Yippie ki-yay, motherfucker!"-Bruce Willis, in Die Hard.

"Petey says you're a whore.  Petey says you sucked his cat."Sekrut Squirrel, 
from the song Petey.

"We're gonna kill you, you goddamn faggot, we're gonna kill you 
motherfucker!"-Dead Kennedys, from the song Night of the Living Rednecks.

"Beep beep."-Tommy Lee Jones, in Under Siege.


GwD Command Centers-
Chaos                     (806)797-7501
     SysOp-Seth the Man (Birthplace of GwD, Mission Control)
Gridpoint                 (806)763-4801
     SysOp-Transderm-Nitro (First Conquest)
The Garden of Eden        (8069748-0987
     SysOp-Malachi
Federation Slayers'       (806)799-1184
     SysOp-Big Red Fed

copyright (c),1993 by Lobo and Seth the Man
GREENY world Domination Task Force copyright (c),1993 by Lobo
All rights reserved

GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD06
