GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
   G R E E N Y  w o r l d  D o m i n a t i o n  T a s k  F o r c e
                              Presents:
                         "Sue of St. Louis"
                               by Lobo


     Sue was a fine young woman of twenty-eight.  She had no problems in her 
life, except that she happened to be enjoying a long, relaxing stay at 
Deerview Lunatic Asylum in St. Louis, Missouri.  Her cell had a warning label, 
on which was written, "CAUTION: violent response to all forms of treatment."  
Sue enjoyed biting the attendants, and when she was not restrained, kicking 
them and gouging their eyes out with her razor-sharp fingernails, which when 
cut seemed to grow back overnight.  One night however, she killed her 
attendant.  She took his keys, and let herself out of her restraints and her 
padded cell.  Sue killed four guards in her escape, and took their weapons.  
After she left the grounds, she set forth on one of the bloodiest mass 
murdering rampages in history, killing almost seven hundred people before she 
was again brought to justice.  How did one woman kill so many?  Some say she 
was a servant of Satan, possibly even his mistress.  Others claim that she 
gained the help of many hit-men.  What really happened, though unbelievable, 
is far more interesting than either of these scenarios.
     There was a pumpkin, you see, that was normal in its childhood.  When it
was cut from the vine, it began to develop powers, though.  It was bought for 
Halloween by a nice doctor who worked at the Ladue Home for the Criminally 
Insane, just outside of St. Louis, which coincidentally was where Sue was 
employed as a cook, curiously enough.  The pumpkin, who now referred to itself 
as "The Great Pumpkin" (no relation to Linus of the Peanuts's creation), 
enjoyed its new home, until the day of the annual Halloween party.  Sue was 
given the job of carving the jack o' lantern, and just as she was about to 
begin the electricity went out.  She decided to carve it anyway, she had cut 
in the dark before.  Meanwhile, The Great Pumpkin started to glow.  She 
lowered the knife and it grew even brighter.  So, she viciouslyhacked it to 
pieces.  Then, she ate its oozing insides, as she was soon to do with her 
human victims.  The Great Pumpkin's powers were now hers!
     Sue learned to use her powers, by slaughtering the inhabitants and 
employees of the Home.  Some, she disemboweled with strange claws that grew 
from her tongue.  Others heads she opened, and licked their craniums clean.  
Others still had their arms removed and were beaten to death with the bloody 
stumps. Sue then left the premises, to wreak havoc on the midwestern 
metropolis outside.  She attacked schools, killing hordes of children.  
Businesses were also pillaged, and many housewives were left crying in Sue's 
wake.  After seven hundred killings, the police cornered her.
     Sue was killed by police gunfire exactly one year ago.  She was buried, 
and now rests in a fashionable cemetery in south St. Louis.  Sue will never 
kill again.  But, the police left the ooze behind.  When Sue was killed, 
glowing yellow ooze streamed from all of the bullet holes.  A glob of it was
collected, and placed in a nearby dumpster.  A bum was seen rummaging through 
the very same dumpster just minutes after the police left.  Yesterday, another 
murder was committed in Sue's fashion.  Only time will tell if it was just a 
copy-cat killing, or if the bum is now a denizen of evil.


(I wrote this story for English class.  It's kinda silly, but so what?)

                              The End (penis)

GwD Command Centers-
Chaos                     (806)797-7501
     SysOp-Seth the Man (Birthplace of GwD, Mission Control)
Gridpoint                 (806)763-4801; node two `2400bps (806)763-5072,,22   
                         SysOp-Transderm-Nitro (First Conquest)
Federation Slayers'       (806)799-1184
     SysOp-Big Red Fed
Starchy White Boy BBS     (806)788-1943
     SysOp-Zippy (e-mail Zippy on Chaos for the current NUP)


copyright (c),1993 by Lobo
GREENY world Domination Task Force copyright (c),1993 by Lobo
All rights reserved to that wonder of wonders, Greeny!

GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD09
