GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD 
   G R E E N Y  w o r l d  D o m i n a t i o n  T a s k  F o r c e
                 
   Presents:                        "Welcome to School 101"                    
           
   by Lobo

This is your instructional course for all levels about that often touchy 
subject, school.
school (skool), n. 1. a place or institution for teaching and learning...
(Taken from Webster's New World Dictionary of the American Language Copyright 
(c) 1968 by The World Publishing Company)     
So.  That's what ol' Webster has to say about school.  What he neglects to 
mention is how much much teaching and learning is carried out.  
Some teachers are great, of course.  But what about those that aren't?  
My Microcomputer Applications teacher knows less about computers than I do, 
and I still use a Commodore 64.  Pretty sad, if you ask me.  One day, I 
pointed out that an answer on some worksheet couldn't be what the real 
answer was.  She asked me how I knew, and I said that we had learned it in 
the previous year's course, Computer Literacy.  She didn't know if I was 
right or not, and she had to look it up.  Sure enough, I was correct.  That 
wasn't an isolated incident, either.  She's teaching me, and I know more
about the subject matter of what she's teaching than she does.  Seems kind of 
silly, right?     
        Well, teachers aside (since most of them are actually okay) school 
focuses more on athletics than on academics.  When my school made it to the 
city championships in football, there were signs all over school saying 
stupid things like "We Want City".  We got out of seventh period the day of 
the game for a pep rally.  I was just tingling with school spirit.  Feh.  
When our UIL Math and Science team went to the state competition 
(see GwD07.txt) we only got mentioned once.  After the competition was held, 
one day in the announcements, the people who placed were recognized.  
The football team didn't even win (they tied) and everyone was ecstatic.  
All of the players were walking around with big, dumb smiles on their faces 
(is that really unusual? heh.) and the cheerleaders were even peppier than 
ever.  Well, what happened at the game (yes I went, but not to watch it) was 
even stranger than the scenes at school the following days.     
        At the game, a friend of mine (and a new droog, namely Mr. Q) was 
dressed as a droog from the great film, A Clockwork Orange.  Don't ask me why. 
Well, he had his cane, and we were walking around when the pricipal happened
by.  He asked Mr. Q why he had the cane there.  Mr. Q didn't reply, so the 
principal proposed that he would keep it until after the game.  Okay, we 
thought.  After the game, he went to retrieve his cane, and the principal 
said, "I need to talk to you for a minute."  I later found out that the 
principal had found the sword contained in the cane.  Mr. Q was told that he
would have to come to the office the next day, and that his parents would be 
called.  He told the principal that he had just found the sword that day at 
lunch, for he had had the can at school as well.  The next day at school, he 
went to the principal's office, and did not have to call his parents.  
However, the pricipal had thrown the cane away.  So, Mr. Q didn't get into 
any trouble, but he lost the $25 he had put into buying the cane.  I could 
possibly see taking it away if he had the sword drawn, but he didn't.  I could 
definitely see taking it away if he was beating someone with it, but he 
wasn't.  If it was such a big deal, why didn't anybody say a word that day at 
school?  Another case that has been brought to my attention is one that 
happened to one of our own, S00per Sperm, in STM's computer class(S00per Sperm 
is in his computer class, with the very same teacher I correct so often..)
well they were given the assignment to make a letterhead for a buisness that 
they were to make up. SS's buisness was a sperm bank, well our Computer 
teacher didn't quite care for this buisnes so she sent him to the office 
where he was almost suspended by the Vice Principal, but the Principal came 
in and told SS that as long as he did not bring this up again, he would not be
suspended..well well well, Our little skool covering it's ass... 
        This leads me to my next point: School (and all activities governed by 
its rules, i.e. football games) is fascist.  Let's see what Mr. Webster has to 
say about fascism:fascicm (fash iz'm) n. 1. the doctrines, methods, or 
movement of the Fascisti (the Italian political party founded by Mussolini).  
2. a system of government characterized by dictatorship, belligerent 
nationalism and racism, glorification of war, etc.(same dictionary as above,
same copyrights and all that jazz.)     Let's see...dicatatorship.  The 
teacher is the dictator of the classroom (which I'm not saying is bad), 
the principal is the dictator of the school (which is sometimes okay), and 
the superintendent is the dictator of the school district (which really sucks, 
especially here with Big Mike, which is my little name for Dr. Mike Moses 
(who is incerdibly plump)).  Sounds like a nice little fascist hierarchy to 
me.     Belligerent nationalism...school spirit is definitely nationalism, and 
it's pretty darn belligerent where I go to school.  Racism...there isn't too 
much of that.  But the school district has come up with this idea of making 
one school a minority only magnet school, which sounds to me like segragation, 
and segragation is a form of racism.     Glorification of war...football games 
or about any other sport.  The players are out there to kill for their school, 
and the school administration tells them it's right.  What else is a high 
school football game but a battle in the neverending war between two rival 
schools?  School is fascist.  Sieg Heil Mike Moses.     
        Of course, this isn't only about how silly school is.  It's also about 
the use of school.  Here's what our first droog, GenAerik (up until recently, 
Aerik Aeriksson) has to say about the point of school (this is copied from a 
post of his on Chaos, for those of you who care):
        "I have nothing to do tomorrow but go to school.  
        Hs might as well be nothing.  The only class I 
        have that teaches me something remotely new or 
        interesting is comp.math, and the teacher is a 
        fucking bitch.  Even Chem is a fucking rehash of
        the same shit I learned in Phys.Sci waaaaaaaaaaaaay 
        back in 9th grade.  I wake up in the morning and ask 
        myself, 'what the fuck is the goddamned point?'  
        Well, friends, Romans, countrymen and assholes, the 
        point is to graduate HS so I can get a diploma so I 
        can go to some college where I won't be just another 
        brick in some fucking wall so I can get some fucking 
        degree in some field that I don't even know which one 
        I'm going to do so I can get some fucking dead-end job 
        in some fucking shitty company 'cause nobody hires 
        these days unless you've got a whole fucking alphabet 
        worth of letters after some fucking title that doesn't 
        mean jack shit in the real fucking world.  Thanks a 
        fucking lot for preparing me for the real world, Mike 
        Moses, and all you other fuckers who thought you could 
        make a difference in my life by telling me that I should 
        always respect authority, keep my mouth shut, and never 
        make any suggestions even if they could radically change 
        and reform something for the better 'cause my elders are 
        always right and they are omnipotent, omniscient, and 
        omnimax.  Fuck off all of you assholes who run this 
        fucking place, and pass me that 5/6 wrench and that 
        cheerleader's ass.  Gads, I just broke a lot of spacebars, 
        because nobody these days cares about some long fucking
        stupid, pointless, useless tirade by a nameless teenager.  
        Nobody has enough time these days to care...  Fuck you and 
        your entire lineage.  If you did, fucking congratulations, 
        you actually give a damn."     
So, if you spaced through that when it was posted, or missed it the first time 
around, it is now forever recorded in this text file.  GenAerik doesn't even 
want co-writer's credit.  Whee.  Anyway, I'm sure Lubbock isn't the only 
"city" with a fascist, pointless school district.  A lot of you are probably 
thinking "Damn, that sounds like my school district."  I hope, for your sake 
that you're wrong.  Well, on that pleasant note, I'd like to say bye bye.
-Lobo

"We don't need no education.  We don't need no thought control.  No thoughts 
are chasms in the classroom.  Teacher leave them kids alone.  Hey!  Teacher! 
Leave them kids alone!  All in all, it's just another brick in the wall.  
All in all, you're just another brick in the wall."
-Another Brick In The Wall part 2, by Pink Floyd.                          

GwD Task Force Members:
Top Worshipper Type of Guy- Lobo
Top Dog Type of Guy- Seth the Man
Top Organizer Type of Guy- Ratt Fink
Worshipper Type of Guy- Diamondback
Dog Type of Guy- TransDerm-Nitro
Organizer Type of Guy- The Lizard King
Droogs-
Ailanthus
Alkaloid
Aracnia
Big Red Fed
Bill Hooper
Bruno
Elixir
GenAerik(1st Droog)
Hallucination
Juan Valdez
Kilroy
Legolas
Leif After Deth
Longshot
Magnum
Malachi
Mr. Q
Rory
Scout
Sir Flea
Siva
Snotty
Spanky McDougal, Sir!
S00per Sperm
Wiz Kid
Zelia Winter
Zippy

GwD Command Centers-Chaos                     (806)797-7501     
SysOp-Seth the Man (Birthplace of GwD, Mission Control)
Gridpoint                 (806)763-4801     
SysOp-Transderm-Nitro (First Conquest)
Federation Slayers'       (806)799-1184     
SysOp-Big Red Fed
Starchy White Boy BBS     (806)788-1943     
SysOp-Zippy (it's down, call if you don't believe me, err no wait it's back up)
The Snake's Den           (806)793-3779     
SysOp-Diamondback( call today and be way-rad)
The Siege Perilous        (806)762-0948     
SysOp-Longshot

copyright (c),1993 by Lobo (except as otherwise noted)
GREENY world Domination Task Force copyright (c),1993 by Lobo
All rights reserved to The Wearer of The Shiny Green Suit
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD15
