GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
       G R E E N Y  w o r l d  D o m i n a t i o n  T a s k  F o r c e
                                  Presents:
                       "Why Drugs Should Be Legalized"
                                   by Lobo

This is a paper that I had to write for English about a problem that faces our
society and why and how a solution should be implemented.


    As an American citizen, I strongly feel that drugs are an important issue
that we face as a nation.  Their legalization would alleviate most of this
problem.  I think that the legalizing of drugs would definitely benefit most of
American society.  There are many reasons supporting this idea, and many
limitations would have to be put on drugs if they were legalized.  The reasons
why this should be done, how we should go about it, and how it will benefit most
of society often overlap.
    There are many arguments for the legalization of drugs.  The government
would spend less money on the so-called "War On Drugs" if drugs were legalized,
because their legalization would put drug dealers out of business.  Prison
overcrowding would be lessened by releasing the rghly five percent of all
prisoners who are non-violent drug offenders, thus making room for those guilty
of more serious crimes to serve out higher percentages of their sentences.  The
economy of an area would become better if drugs were legalized, if those living
there raised fields of hemp and other drug-related plants to export.  Jobs would
be created for people to harvest natural drugs from government sanctioned farms.
There are many reasons why drugs should be legalized, but if they were legal,
the government would have to follow many steps to insure their safe use.
    Legalizing drugs would help many of our nation's problems, if the government
were to follow certain procedures.  The government would have to license only
certain businesses to sell drugs.  It would only be legal to buy a certain
amount of each drug each month and the government would sell diluted amounts of
drugs, to lessen the chance of overdosing.  Public intoxication and driving
while intoxicated would of course be illegal.  Stiff penalties would accompany
these crimes if the perpetrator was caught.  First time offenders would have an
automatic prison term of one year.  Strictness of sentences would increase, and
after five offenses the penalty would be death.  The government would have to
crackdown on those who violate their rights to private drug use, by monitoring
public buildings looking for those under the influence of drugs, and watching
drivers more carefully.  Those committing other crimes while intoxicated would
receive automatic public intoxication penalties plus the sentence for whatever
crime they committed.  The government would have to carefully monitor drugs if
they were legalized.  Legalization of drugs would benefit American society as a
whole.
    The majority of American society would be benefitted by the legalization of
all illegal drugs.  Prisons would have more room for violent inmates.  The
government could heavily tax the sale of drugs, and generate revenue to monitor
them.  American farmers would have more crops to grow, and since about one-fifth
of farmers will be out of business by the year 2000, this would help.  Drug
farms would help to stimulate local and state economies.  Farms would generate
jobs, which would help the problem of unemployment.  Anyone could enjoy
themselves in the privacy of their own home because of the incentive not to use
drugs in public.  Drug users would be assured of the quality of drugs, so they
would buy from government-licensed stores instead of neighborhood dealers.  The
streets would be safer because rival drug dealers would not try to keep each
other from making deals because the government would have put them both out of
business.  Drug legalization would benefit American society as a whole in many
ways.
    The legalization of drugs would benefit our country in many ways.  Though it
would cost money to monitor drugs, the revenues generated buy selling them would
go toward monitoring them.  Drug dealers would no longer be in business because
people would go to stores to get their drugs.  Prisons would be less crowded.
Very few people would drive while intoxicated or be under the influence of drugs
in public because of the stiff penalties for doing so.  The legalization of
drugs would help the economy and generate jobs for the unemployed.  If drugs
were legalized and the government controlled their sale, American society would
receive many benefits.

GwD Command Centers-
Chaos                     (806)797-7501
     SysOp-Seth The Man (Birthplace of GwD, Mission Control)
GridPoint                 (XXX)XXX-XXXX
     SysOp-TransDerm-Nitro (First Conquest, don't know new number)
Federation Slayers'       (806)799-1184
     SysOp-Big Red Fed
The Starchy White Boy BBS (806)###-####
     SysOp-Zippy (Zippy is moving to Dallas: soon to have new number & SysOp)
Light My Fire             (806)795-4926
     SysOp-Ailanthus
The Snake's Den           (806)793-3779
     SysOp-Diamonback
The Siege Perilous        (806)762-0948
     SysOp-Longshot
Brazen's Hell             (301)776-8259
     SysOp-Brazen (Eastern Outpost)

copyright (c)1994 by Lobo
GREENY world Domination Task Force copyright (c) 1993 by Lobo
All rights reserved to the guy in the green shirt
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD18
