GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
   G R E E N Y  w o r l d  D o m i n a t i o n  T a s k  F o r c e
                              Presents:
                       "Spanky's Claim to Fame"
                               by Spanky McDougal, Sir!
                   with an afterward by Lobo


     Howdy do, all you GwD comrades in arms out there!  (Except for all you 
amputees out there, I guess you'd just be comrades in stumps.)  Spanky 
McDougal, Sir! here, giving my all to this, my only claim to literary fame 
before they take me away for crimes against humanity.  They have spies 
everywhere, you know, all working for Nwod, God of Floors.
     Boy, have I got some ideas to whip all of you slugs into shape (except 
for Lobo, siva, Seth The Man, and Snotty, who are pretty cool).  You sniveling 
fools worship Greeny in every way 'cept religiously!  Ha!  He's not even 
around!  No, it's time we looked at the truth.  Greeny is a figurehead, a 
symbol of the REAL power, the Council.  Heeheeheeheeheeheeheeheeheeheehee!  
Boy, is this a great idea or what!?     First, we ditch the idea that Greenie 
is returning.  Thpbhbhbhbhbhbt on that!  Second, a high council of three 
founding members (proposed: Lobo, Seth, and Siva) presiding over the GwD 
Council, consisting of everyone else in GwD.  Yeah!  Everyoneon the GwD 
Council (Excluding High Council members, I'll explain below) gets a post, a 
title and an "ambassadorship" of a country or area, meaning in effect, that 
that "ambassador" is really king of the land there.  Obviously, this would 
have to be organized after GwD fulfillsits destiny.  Examples:  I plan to be 
Surgeon General of the world, and my area might be the Orient, or South 
America, or whatever.  My title, of course, would be Spanky McDougal, Sir, 
Grand High Kruton of Pu, God of Ceilings.  Isn't that a cool title?  My 
minions would be "sub-Krutons" and my maids would be "Krutonettes!"  But, the 
three High Council members wouldn't have a title, since they preside over 
everybody else.
     Well, I've left my legacy, so when the time comes, and the world is ours, 
remember!  Martyrs to the cause are beloved of Pu, and are whisked away to 
heaven, the Home and Garden isle at Wal-Mart.....
   From:
        Spanky McDougal, Sir!
          Grand High Kruton
                 of Pu,
           God of Ceilings. 


                                                                   Afterword

     Those are the ideas from one of our newest droogs about how the world 
should be run when it is under Greeny's control.  We hereby accept it as how 
the world will be governed once our mission is complete.  The only changes 
that will be made will be that since Greeny HAS returned, he will be the Chief 
Executive Officer of the world, and all of his decisions must be approved by 
the entire GwD Council.  The High Council will consist of all of the Type Of 
Guys and our first droog, Aerik Aeriksson.  We will have no titles, but we 
will be allowed to place "The Mighty" in front of our name (as in "The Mighty 
Lobo") or "The Great" after it (such as Diamondback, The Great) or any other 
such phrase before or after it, which will be subject to the approval of the 
High Council.
     Wowie!  we've made it to file #10!!!  Yippie!

-Lobo


GwD Task Force Members:

Top Worshipper Type of Guy- Lobo
Top Dog Type of Guy- Seth the Man
Top Organizer Type of Guy- Sandman
Worshipper Type of Guy- Diamondback
Dog Type of Guy- TransDerm-Nitro
Organizer Type of Guy- The Lizard King
Droogs-
Aerik Aeriksson
Ailanthus
Alkaloid
Aracnia
Big Man Joe
Big Red Fed
Bill Hooper
Bruno
Hallucination
Kilroy
Legolas
Malachi
Rory
Sir Flea
Siva
Snotty
Super Sperm
Spanky McDougal, Sir!
Wiley Coyote
Wiz Kid

To become a droog: send mail to Lobo containing the NDP (New Droog Password) 
which is SMARTONE, but don't tell anybody!


GwD Command Centers-
Chaos                     (806)797-7501
     SysOp-Seth the Man (Birthplace of GwD, Mission Control)
Gridpoint                 (806)763-4801;node two `2400bps (806)763-5072,,22    
                        SysOp-Transderm-Nitro (First Conquest)
Federation Slayers'       (806)799-1184
     SysOp-Big Red Fed

For your bbs to become a Command Center, e-mail Lobo and tell him your 
number(s).

Please spread the word of Greeny by uploading these files to boards that don't 
already have them.

Call (806)797-3860 and chat with The Great Green One! (He currently uses the 
name "Majestic", but we know who he really is!)


copyright (c),1993 by Lobo
GREENY world Domination Task Force copyright (c),1993 by Lobo
All rights reserved to The New Returned GREENY!


                            No More Lies

GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD10
