GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
       G R E E N Y  w o r l d  D o m i n a t i o n  T a s k  F o r c e
                                 Presents:
                             "Droogan Poetry"
                             compiled by Lobo

     This is a compilation of a few poems by some of your friendly 
neighborhood droogs.

                              "Death to You"

I took my big ol' gun, 
And shot you just for fun.

I shot you in the head, 
And made sure you were dead.

I wiped the slobber off your chin,
And put you in the oven, wrapped in tin.

I ate your fingers one by one,
And ate your arm, when I was done.

Now you are dead, and I am glad.
That's the most fun I've ever had!

Oh, my dear sweet Amity,
How could you ever leave me?

I guess I killed you in panic,
For I am schizophrenic.

-Snotty


                           "Most Blessed Night"

Alone in the Darkness,
Without a soul to seed
Would gladly kill another
To fill his burning need.

As the moon sets, I realize my chance will come
Nothing can last forever,
Yet I am crushed beneath the thumb.

It matters not now
For, now I must go.
Farewell, most blessed night,
I do love thee so.

-Sir Flea


                                    "ARGH!"

Gosh, it's dark in here.  It sure is quiet, too.
My foot is very cold, because I am missing a shoe.

I wish people would talk to me, I do not think they try.
Sometimes I cry out, and hear no sound, why?

Life is really boring here, I really hate the silence.
They'd better learn to reach me soon, or I'll resort to violence.

The outside lights do not get through to me, I'm really feeling bad.
I really don't know of sight or sound, the other senses are all I've ever had.

What I eat smells mighty good, I wish that I could see it.
I had a teacher long ago, but she quit; she didn't want to be it.

Life is feeling really odd, I don't know what to think.
I haven't had much to eat of late, and my clothes have begun to stink.

I often feel for my ears and eyed, to see if I still have 'em.
I almost died yesterday when I choked on a piece of gum.

Life is terrible here these days.  I've started talking to myself, and now 
refer to me as "we".
I have given up thinking of ways to get them to rescue me.

-Lobo


                                   "A Kiss"

When, O when, shall thee be mine?
With hair, face, and body divine.
When, O when, shall I hold thee once more?
With heart, soul, and mind I implore.
When, O when, can I kiss thee again?
It is hard, that out of all Men
You would pick me, who in Bliss
Does not feel bold enough to ask for a kiss.
The first was a dream come true,
And be assured I'm always thinking of you.
When the sun sets and night lowers
Rest assured that ot even darkness smothers
My feelings for you, who give me hope.
If you ledt me, I would no longer cope
With the hardships of life.
With your loss, you might with a knife
Cut out my heart, to take with you.
The color of my world would fade from blue
To black, the color of death.
I would love thee with my dying breath.

-An Anonymous Droog


"The Devil Within Us"

A criminal am I in a demonic dream,
In a city where anarchy reigns supreme.

Where blood is a delicacy and death the norm,
A place where hatred is a perpetual storm.

A place where drugs are impossible to tame,
Where a "line of coke" terminates the brain.

Where the arm of the law watches in vain,
As another cop is dismembered in pain.

A city where I can kill and get away,
And feel no remorse as crime does pay.

A place where life has little or no meaning,
Where the weak and oppressed lie die and bleeding.

Then I awoke from this horrid illusion,
Here, peace is the final conclusion.

A government that has criminals in check,
Where Satan's evil is a wreck.

A society where Satan does not exist,
A place of perfect harmony and bliss.

Where if I kill I am put in jail,
And twenty thousand is the minimum bail.

Without society a human becomes a beast,
But with it the devil within us is at its least.

-Bill Hooper and Bog
     

     As you can see, some of our droogies are quite talented.  If only more 
poems had been submitted.....  But, there are always other files, eh?

-Lobo

P.S.- This is the last file (written by Lobo) that was written on a Commodore 
64, using Speedscript 2.0 and Omega Q II, unless I feel like waxing nostalgic, 
whatever the hell that means.  I have moved on to better things (an IBM 486sx, 
to be exact), but this file was started before I switched.


GwD Command Centers-
Chaos                     (806)797-7501
     SysOp-Seth the Man (Birthplace of GwD, Mission Control)
GridPoint                 (XXX)XXX-XXXX
     SysOp-Transderm-Nitro (First Conquest, don't know new number)
Federation Slayers'       (806)799-1184
     SysOp-Big Red Fed
The Starchy White Boy BBS (806)842-3270
     SysOp-Fastjack
Light My Fire             (806)795-4926
     SysOp-Ailanthus
The Snake's Den           (806)793-3779
     SysOp-Diamondback
The Siege Perilous        (806)762-0948
     SysOp-Longshot
Brazen's Hell             (301)776-8259
     SysOp-Brazen

copyright (c) 1994 by Lobo (and others)
GREENY world Domination Task Force copyright (c) 1993 by Lobo
All rights reserved to Leprechaun-Boy
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD19
