GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
    T h e  G R E E N Y  w o r l d  D o m i n a t i o n  T a s k  F o r c e
                                   Presents:
                          "Bob Larson Parts 9 & 10"

GwD, Incorporated is dedicated to the exposing of false prophets.  We have found
one such "prophet" in Bob Larson of Bob Larson:  Live and formerly of Talk-Back
with Bob Larson.  A supposed Christian radio evangelist, Bob Larson is actually
only motivated by financial gain.  These 14 articles by Kenneth L. Smith prove 
this.  From this point on, GwD is anti-Bob Larson.

                                    PART 9

                   Bob Larson: Patterns of Fleece

  This article started out as a journalistic post-mortem, explaining what we had
learned from the Bob Larson investigation, and why it was of lasting import to
the Evangelical community.  But Bob had ideas of his own: On April 11, he
announced his intentions to go secular, making a desperate bid to become the
Christian Rush Limbaugh.  No doubt, both Christians and Limbaugh will bristle at
the comparison.

Secular Bob: Travelin' in the Rush Hour?
  On Monday, April 18, 1994, the secular airwaves will be invaded by the
"Christian" version of Geraldo.  That's right, it's Bob Larson Live!  As if two
hours wasn't more than enough....
  Bob explained his mission to his Talk-Back audience:

      "Do you know there has never been a national Christian voice
    in secular talk-radio?  Never!  And a couple of things finally
    drove this message home to me: Do you know that a recent Gallup
    poll shows that 59% of all Americans say religion is important,
    and 64% say that religion can solve all or most of today's
    problems?  So, who are they going to get answers from?  Who's
    out there to give them the answers?
      Are they going to get it from Jerry Brown or G. Gordon Liddy?
    They gonna get it from Larry King or Rush Limbaugh?  With all
    due respects, Rush does a great job, but did you just read the
    headlines recently?  Now, he's got a live-in lover -- moved in
    with a woman.  Excuse me, Rush -- you're doing a great job and
    I respect it, but there's something called moral authority if
    you're going to deal with subjects like abortion or homosexu-
    ality that you'd better have...."1

  Bob Larson has finally elevated hypocrisy to an art form.  By comparison, Bob
makes Jerry Brown look like a saint, and Rush Limbaugh, a paragon of virtue.
For that matter, he makes Jim Bakker look like a choir boy (those who have read
my previous Internet/Christian Press Report articles know why I say this).  But
Bob should take comfort in the fact that if he ever wants to become the
Christian Bill Clinton, he'll win that title by acclimation.

      Both are compulsive liars, known womanizers, and dodged the
    draft in the Sixties.  Both are accused of abusing their posi-
    tions for personal financial gain.  And both complain that the
    press has treated them unfairly....

  His plan to move into the secular arena was reasonably predictable, and has
been rumored for some time now.  But to me, the more intriguing story will be
the financial structure of this new venture.  While the information is still
sketchy, the venture is likely to be structured as a partnership -- with the
Ministry putting up cash as a limited partner, and Bob retaining a profits
interest as a general partner.  In other words, if the venture succeeds, Bob
Larson will become embarrassingly rich, and if it fails, the Ministry will be
left holding the bag.
  It wouldn't surprise me one bit if our Pentecostal Phil Donahue is able to
pull this one off.  Mix the Weekly World News with Rush Limbaugh (and throw in a
little Howard Stern, for good measure), and you have a prescription for
commercial success.  Of course, if "Bob Larson Live" succeeds, Talk-Back will be
an endangered species; once Bob moves mainstream, he no longer will have to pay
even lip-service to Christian standards of morality.  And when ghost-writers
write "his" next series of novels for him, no one will even raise an eyebrow.
He will have become a celebrity.

          Free enterprise at work -- isn't it exhilarating?

Satanic Ritual Abuse: Shirley, Bob Jests!
  Bob Larson's sharpest critics have often suspected that, like other real-life
Jonas Nightingales, he hires "shills" to lend a little controversy to his shows.
Other opponents of Larson's claims concerning the pervasiveness of "satanic
ritual abuse" are more charitable, dismissing him as a showman.  But all agree
on the fact that he has yet to produce any competent evidence that would lend
even colorable support to his theory of a grand satanic conspiracy.
  Instead of answering the critics with hard evidence (or better yet, enlisting
their aid), Larson greets them with harsh and bitter words.  For instance,
during his recent show on a Satanic murder in West Memphis, Arkansas, Bob
delivered this Clinton-esque soliloquy:

      "All the time I sit behind this microphone I-- I hear the
    carping of the critics.  And I'm not talking about the witches
    and the satanists -- I mean, I expect them to give me a rough
    time....  But you know, all too often, it's the Christians who
    are the worst critics -- who listen to this broadcast and say,
    <in a snotty voice> 'He's just doing that for money and sensa-
    tionalism,' or, 'Where's the proof?  Where's the proof?'
      Those of you who have said that, I'm really sick of it.  Why
    don't you spend your own dime, pick up the phone, and call the
    parents of those three precious eight-year-old children who
    were sodomized, brutalized, and murdered, and say to them, <in
    a snotty voice>, 'Where's the proof?'  How many more kids have
    to be killed?
      We track Satanic crime here at our offices and cult activity,
    and there is so much evidence about what's going on around the
    country that it--you know, it never makes your local press."2

   As a rule, Bob's more questionable callers are careful not to reveal enough
of their stories to enable any outsider to check them out.  But every once in a
while, a caller will provide us something to work with, like Shirley, a
hysterical grandmother who appeared on his show on the late Kurt Cobain's
alleged suicide attempt in March of 1994:

    BL: "I've got Shirley from Bakersfield.  Shirley, what's on
    your mind?"
    Caller: "Yeah, Bob--"
    BL: "Yeah."
    Caller: "Because of people like this man [Cobain] and others,
    my children became involved in drugs, and now, they've become
    involved in murder."
    BL: "What?"
    Caller: "Now, they're involved in murdering a man and chopping
    him up in little pieces and throwing him around the desert in
    Arizona.  Okay?  That's what this music promotes.  That's what
    this kind of music promotes.  Okay?  [BL tries to interrupt.]
    They were raised in a Christian home, but they got involved
    with some boys who liked this music, and then they got involved
    in this music, and then they started doing drugs, and now,
    they're--now, they're going to prison for the rest of their
    lives for murdering somebody."
    BL: "Those are your--"
    Caller: "These are my two girls.  These are my children.  You
    know, and I don't want that boy who's in the hospital--I don't
    want him to die.  I know he's some mother's son.  But it's his
    kind of music that caused my children to be the way they are
    today."
    BL: "You're telling me your daughters chopped a man up and
    scattered his pieces in the desert?"
    Caller: "Yes, sir.  You can check it out with the Yuma, Arizona
    police department if you want to.  They were just up here last
    weekend to talk with me about it.  They haven't even found all
    of the boy yet."3

  Well, that's an invitation I couldn't resist.  Let's face it: Yuma, Arizona
isn't exactly South Central, the Dan Ryan, or Twelfth Street in Detroit.  And
while I don't claim any actual evidence on this, I'd suspect that they can still
measure their yearly murder rate in fractions.  When a reporter friend called
the Yuma police department and asked about Shirley's story, they didn't have any
clue as to what he was talking about.  Ditto, the Yuma Daily Sun.  We knew the
story was a hoax -- almost by nightfall.
  As it was a particularly easy story to confirm, I thought it might be
interesting to see just how hard Larson tried to confirm it.  And in that
venerable tradition of Mike Wallace and Ed Bradley, I called the HOPE Line --
nearly three weeks later, to give them a reasonable opportunity to do so:

    CC: "Compassion Connection."
    KS: "Yes, I just wanted to find out something I couldn't find
    out on the Victory Club line; I was sent over here.  You know,
    Bob has mentioned Shirley a couple of times, and I was wonder-
    ing-- Did you guys actually follow up on her?"
    CC: "Well, I don't know what you're talking about.  Shirley?"
    KS: "Yeah, Shirley.  the one gal whose-- the grandmother whose
    daughters killed a man in Arizona?"
    CC [recognition in voice]: "Yeah.  You know, Merilee [a.k.a.,
    Debbie Reseigh] is the regular HOPE Line operator on, and we
    have not heard-- I know that we paid her Public Service bill.
    We overnighted that, and we were waiting to hear from her, as
    far as social services, and when she got adopted kids.  So we
    are in the process of following up on her."
    KS: "So, you haven't called anything like the Yuma city police
    department or something just to see if the story--"
    CC: "No, because the-- she's not-- she's not in Arizona.  She's
    in California."
    KS: "Well, I understand that.  But what I was wondering about
    is the story itself.  I would think that you'd want to find out
    to see if the story of having several kids -- having her daugh-
    ters cut up a kid and leave it in the desert -- I would think
    that was something you'd want to check up on."
    CC: "Um, boy-- I'm sure that the story was confirmed, but only
    probably through her.  We would have no reason to call the
    authorities; there's a social worker involved.  Normally, I'm
    the one who screens callers for the show, and I remember Shir-
    ley very well and did talk to the social worker.  So I would
    assume that that's a type of verifying--"
    KS: "You talked to the social worker?"
    CC: "Uh-huh.  Uh-huh, I sure did."
    KS: "And the social worker told you all about the daughters?"
    CC: "I didn't specifically ask any details.  I just asked if
    there was a custody battle going with the children, and the
    daughters were in custody, and Shirley was trying to get cus-
    tody of the kids-- uh, the three grandchildren.  That's all I
    asked about."
    KS: "So, you never really checked on the story of whether there
    was a Satanic murder, where they left the body in--"
    CC: "No, I didn't."
    KS: "No, you didn't check that out."
    CC: "Uh-uh."
    KS: "Okay.  I was just curious.  Thank you."4

  Of course, that is not iron-clad evidence that Larson stages calls.  However,
it does cast grave aspersions upon his assertion that Satanism is rampant in
America.  When bona fide researchers like Jon Trott and Bob and Gretchen
Passantino come to his doorstep whining for evidence, Bob has none to give.  But
that admission would destroy a most profitable ministry ... $atanism is simply
too good of a scam to pass up.

The "Gold" Standard (Robert Tilton)...
  My investigation of Bob Larson Ministries began rather innocuously.  All I
wanted to do was document one footnote in my book, The Curse of Thomas, and I
needed a real-life example to substantiate my charges. Any disciple of Jim
Bakker and Billy Sol Hargis would have done (and there are plenty of them in the
cesspool of media evangelism), but as luck would have it, Bob Larson's financial
information was available.  And the rest is history.
  Still, my main interest is in the story behind the story -- the one I
half-expected to find.  It is a tale of pandemic corruption extending from the
pulpit to the printing press.  A plague, threatening the very fabric of
Evangelical Christendom.  The classic struggle between good and evil.  An
uncivilized civil war.
  While it is far beyond my power to end that war, the 'intelligence' we have
gleaned from the Larson investigation may help those who want to restore
Christendom's moral compass.  It is with that goal in mind that I offer this
article.
  The publisher of the erstwhile "Robert Tilton Fan Club Newsletter" (now Snake
Oil magazine), who goes by the moniker, "Brother Randall," graciously provided
me with a copy of his compilation of articles on Robert Tilton, _The Beast of
Robert Tilton_.  I had followed the Tilton scandal on a purely casual basis, but
the good Brother's research put this entire problem in perspective.  The Warnke,
Tilton, and Larson stories were almost identical -- only the names had been
changed.  As this excerpt from a 1990 article by Dallas Morning News columnist
Steve Blow suggests, the signs of impending scandal were clearly visible:

      "The next morning I stopped by Brother Bob's offices and TV
    studio, located not far from his home.  The reception area was
    elegant, decorated in mauve and pale green.  Photo portraits of
    Brother Bob hung on two walls.
      His secretary, Roseann Rueffer, came out to tell me that
    Brother Bob does not grant interviews.  And she said he wasn't
    in town anyway.
      Roseann and I began to chat about the ministry.  We sat in a
    couple of wing-backed chairs in the reception area and talked,
    off the record, for more than an hour.  Suffice it to say that
    she believes Brother Bob is a man of great integrity.
      I told her that could very well be true, but that he operates
    his ministry in such secrecy that it's impossible for outsiders
    to make that judgment.
      Word of Faith is run as though it is Brother Bob's private,
    multimillion-dollar corporation.  There is no board of trust
    ees, no deacons, no elders. He alone sets policy. He alone sets
    the budget.
      Brother Bob is 'totally, completely, and solely in control,'
    Mr. Joyce [Tilton's attorney] said.  I asked Mr. Joyce how much
    Brother Bob pays himself.  'None of your business,' he said."5

  For those familiar with the Larson investigation, this article is a sad but
familiar refrain.  Bob Larson displayed a portrait of himself on his recent
appearance in an HBO special.6  He refuses to talk with anyone from the
Christian press.7  Rather than submit his ministry to independent scrutiny, he
resigned from the National Religious Broad casters.8  Brother Bob is in total,
complete, and sole control of his Ministry; according to former BLM
vice-president Lori Boespflug, its hand-picked Board of Directors has never held
an outside meeting, and whenever Brother Bob is asked about the compensation he
receives from Ministry sources, he consistently refuses comment.
  Snippets from other articles, such as the Dallas Observer's "Robert Tilton:
Heart of Darkness," captured my attention.  Scott Baradell's observations were
remarkably familiar: "At home, charitable organizations have complained that
they get referrals but no money from Word of Faith";9  Compassion Connection
affiliates like the Arlington, TX office of Watchman Fellowship made the same
observation concerning Bob Larson.  "He [Tilton] has shrouded Word of Faith's
finances in secrecy ever since."10  Bob Larson wouldn't release his ministry's
audited financial statements unless a request is made in writing, and the
inquirer states his reasons for asking.11  "Indeed, he [Tilton] almost never has
offered doctrinnaire positions..."12  An internal memo, provided by a former
Larson staffer, echoed a similar refrain: "Muriel, Margo and Becky all said that
we totally avoid any theological responses."13  But his attempt to find the
meaning behind the man was in my mind most revealing:

      "At the center of the growing storm, a fundamental question
    remains unanswered: Who is Robert Tilton?  What sort of past
    creates such a man?
      Tilton's own account of his life is a classic tale of sin and
    redemption, of a drug abuser wandering in the spiritual desert
    until God, 'in an audible voice,' anointed him a prophet.  Dis
    affected followers have cast him as a modern-day Elmer Gantry--
    a preacher who once possessed noble intentions, but who money
    and power have led astray.
      In fact, an exploration of the unplumbed early years of Rob-
    ert Tilton reveals a tale of constancy, not transformation.
    The dark roots of the preacher's present character--the relent
    less ambition and overarching greed, the absence of a moral
    center, and the shameless manipulation of the oh-so-vulnerable
    faithful--run straight and run deep.
      Robert Tilton, seller of spiritual snake-oil, is and always
    has been a salesman.  Even his autobiography is a con."14

  Take out the reference to drug abuse, and those words easily could have been
written about Bob Larson.  In Hell on Earth, Larson claimed that he "achieved
fame at the age of thirteen when his first hit song was published"; however,
Sharla Turman Logan, the keyboard player for his high-school rock band, The
Rebels, reported to Cornerstone's Jon Trott that she knew him at thirteen, and
she "never heard of any hit song."15  Logan also refuted Larson's tales of
debauchery -- in Western Nebraska, during the early Sixties, no less! --
following their concerts:

      "None of us ever did anything sexually or even drank.  My
    father went with us to the concerts as a chaperon, and he would
    have picked up on any sexual stuff. We played at pizza parlors,
    rodeos, and churches. Everyone came, from little knee-high kids
    to grandpas and grandmas.  But Bob talked about us like we were
    a bunch of sluts."16

  Larson started his career as an itinerant evangelist, preaching on the evils
of rock-and-roll music.  He supported himself through sales of books and gospel
records, some of which he wrote himself.  And as the eyes often are said to be
windows to a man's soul, his words are windows to his heart.
  One of those gospel records, "Peace Within My Soul," is highly persuasive
evidence that Larson is as inept in his handling of a guitar as he is a
word-processor.  The album itself is an effective cure for insomnia: the lyrics
are uninspired; the music, bland and formulaic. Featuring forgettable tracks
like "Men and Machines" and "The Soap Opera Song," it was destined for oblivion.
Yet, one song in particular is deserving of our attention -- not for any great
lyrical value, but for what it reveals about the pathos of Larson's tortured
soul.  The avarice and envy unabashedly drips from his voice in this, the
introduction to "Enjoy It While You Can":

      "I had just concluded a crusade, and boarded a plane for the
    flight home.  They herded me into one of those economy-class
    seats that American technology has designed to put the maximum
    amount of body into the minimum amount of space.  Tired and
    cramped, I was treated to a terrible cold-plate lunch.  I felt
    miserable.
      All of a sudden, I heard a commotion up in first-class.  I
    asked the stewardess what was going on.  'Oh, don't you know?
    That's the Jeff Beck rock group on their way to a concert,' she
    said.  'They're having a party.'
      I used to be a rock entertainer, too.  But here I was now,
    serving Jesus, worn out and flying second-class, while those
    rock stars were living it up."17

  These days, Bob is serving himself -- and gets to fly first-class.  He 'rubs
elbows' with the likes of Bob Guccione, Jr., Sam Donaldson, and reportedly, even
Paul McCartney, and revels in the adulation of his devoted fans.  Like Mike
Warnke, Robert Tilton, and the phalanx of pecunious preachers before him, he's
enjoying it while he can.

A Higher Standard (Focus on the Family)...
  The best way to put the ministries of Robert Tilton and Bob Larson in
perspective is to compare them to a "good" ministry, like Focus on the Family.
Its fund-raising guidelines, set by founder James Dobson, are worthy of review:

      "We believe that the way an organization handles its finances
    is a reflection of its integrity in every arena.  Therefore, we
    have established strict limitations on the way our resources
    are used.  Here are the fund-raising policies I wrote years ago
    that have governed the ministry:

      1. This ministry belongs to God, not to James Dobson.  It is
         neither a monument to me nor a legacy to my memory.  Focus
         on the Family does not bear my name....

  [Contrast that with names like "Jimmy Swaggart Ministries" and "Bob Larson
Ministries."  There is one notable exception, the Billy Graham Evangelistic
Association, but believers and skeptics alike will agree that Rev. Graham is a
very special case.]

      3. One of the ways we can discern the Lord's will regarding
         the continuation of our work is through the support He
         sends (or doesn't send) from His people.  Therefore, dur-
         ing lean times we will make our obligations known to our
         friends--but we will not squirm, scratch or claw for con-
         tributions.  We will never resort to disrespectful and
         dishonorable methods of fund-raising, even when the needs
         are serious...."

  [Even in the best of times, the Bob Larsons and Robert Tiltons use deceptive
and dishonorable fund-raising tactics, almost as standard fare.  Larson's modus
operandi is to falsely claim that his ministry is on the edge of financial
collapse; the fact that it had millions in cash and marketable securities in
the bank when those claims were made is conveniently overlooked.18]

     11. My wife, Shirley, and I will accept no salary for this
         work, and will pay a portion of the radio air time
         expenses to compensate for the publicity that increases
         our book sales.  When our books are offered to listeners
         through the ministry, we will waive all royalties to allow
         Focus to obtain the lowest possible price from the pub-
         lisher.  When we use secretarial or staff assistance for
         personal reasons, we will compensate the ministry for that
         intrusion....

  [By stark comparison, Bob Larson Ministries' 1991 audited financial statements
revealed that "the Ministry purchased books and materials totaling $67,982 from
an officer of the Ministry [Larson].  The officer's cost of the books and
materials sold was $45,215."19]

     13. We will conform to the standards established by the Evan-
         gelical Council for Financial Accountability (ECFA) and
         the Canadian Council of Christian Churches (CCCC)--organi-
         zations created to ensure ethical fund-raising and admin-
         istration practices."20

  Robert Tilton has never been a member of the ECFA.21  Likewise, Bob Larson
Ministries' response to ECFA scrutiny was to quietly withdraw its' application
for membership.22  And actions speak louder than words....

And the Bottom Line:
  In the March 7, 1994 edition of Christianity Today, former CT associate editor
Ken Sidey wrote a glowing review of Selling Satan, the book by Jon Trott and
Mike Hertenstein chronicling the expos‚ of Mike Warnke.  In his opening salvo,
Sidey asked an incisive question which troubles believer and unbeliever alike:

     "Ever since the Charlotte Observer 'broke' the PTL story,
    members of the religious press--at least those who consider
    themselves journalists rather than public relations flacks--
    have asked, 'Why wasn't the story ours?'  The question did not
    grow out of professional jealousy over a scandalous scoop.  It
    came from a sense of community.  Why was the exposure of such
    unethical behavior left to an 'outside' source and not per
    formed by a part of the evangelical body?"23

  There really isn't a reason why the Evangelical community can't rid itself of
the nest of vermin feasting atop its' spiritual food chain.  Indeed, it seems
clear from passages like 1Tim. 5:20 ("Those [elders] who sin are to be rebuked
publicly, so that the others may take warning.") and 1Cor. 5:12-13 ("Are you not
to judge those inside [the church]? ... Expel the wicked man from your number.")
that it has a divine warrant to do so.  But two elements are lacking: the will,
and the way.
  Mike Warnke, Bob Larson, Robert Tilton ... these men are not rocket
scientists.  Warnke and Larson left trails that even Hansel and Gretel could
have followed; super-sleuth Jon Trott, reporter Jay Grelen, myself and others
have had no difficulty in doing so.  The surprising challenge has been in
capturing the attention of Evangelical leaders, who have been quite reluctant
to lead the charge to confront the sin in their camp.
  The excuses given are as varied as the men themselves, but most say that it's
simply not their calling.  They'd rather preach the Gospel, ruminate over
doctrinal issues, or attempt to influence the political process.  Yet, whenever
they fail to practice the Gospel, they preach a 'different gospel'.  And
whenever they consciously overlook the sin in their own camp, they squander that
credibility needed to influence politics.  While my Christian friends take
umbrage at the stereotype of Evangelical leaders as sniveling, money-grubbing
hypocrites, many recognize that it is, largely, their own fault.  When
miscreants like Billy Sol Hargis, Jim Bakker, Jimmy Swaggart, Robert Tilton, and
Bob Larson are permitted to continue to masquerade as ministers, it makes
legitimate ministries look bad -- and, on balance, hinders the transmission of
the Gospel.  In effect, if you are a Christian, the Robert Tiltons and Bob
Larsons of the world are by definition your problem.
  According to long-time Larson listener Jack Farmer, even Bob Larson admits
that.  In a Prodigy post in April of last year, he offered the following
observations:

      "Since 1987, we have witnessed the fall of Oral Roberts, Jim
    and Tammy Bakker, Marvin Gorman, Jimmy Swaggart, Robert Tilton,
    Larry Lea, W.V. Grant, Peter Popoff, Mike Warnke, David Hock
    ing, and now Bob Larson.  12 ministers in the past 6 years;
    that's 1 too many.
      In 1986, Bob had a show in which he interviewed "The Amazing
    Randi."  This was after Randi had exposed Popoff as a fraud on
    the Tonight show. Bob's concluding remark was, 'How long is the
    secular media going to do the Church's job? When are the people
    of God going to take a stand against this sort of thing'?"24

  It's a job that needs to get done, and one that no one really wants to do.
The challenge is to develop a regime of preventative medicine which would
obviate the need for doing it.  No one seriously suggests that a future David
Koresh on the Pentecostal fringe will be stopped, but most scandals concerning
mainstream ministers can be prevented.
  The most significant common thread running through the Hargis, Bakker, Tilton,
and Larson scandals is that there was a complete lack of accountability in their
ministries.  If there had been a single independent voice on Larson's
hand-picked board of directors, he wouldn't have been in a position to loot his
ministry; I think the same can be said for Tilton, Lea, Grant, and others.
  A second, albeit less tangible, thread has to do with the men themselves.  Bob
Larson was the spiritual equivalent of Kurt Cobain -- an accident waiting to
happen.  Ditto, Robert Tilton.  The Salem letters and Bob's faked illness in
December of 1988 were clear indications of trouble to come.  But, like a flare
in the wilderness, no one was out there to see it.
  As I see it, the most practical solution is a minor modification to the
National Religious Broadcasters' by-laws.  As a condition of membership, NRB
members governed by its' "watchdog" arm, the Evangelical Council for Financial
Accountability, would be supplied with outside directors on a rotating basis.
These people would have the same powers as voting directors, but have the duty
to report improprieties to the ECFA.
  Ministry employees could report complaints to the directors, who in turn,
would investigate them on a confidential basis.  If a complaint is held to have
merit, it would be referred to an ECFA committee that would recommend corrective
measures.  If those measures were not followed, public censure would ensue.
  In theory, it should work.  However, the fact remains that "problem
ministries" like Bob Larson's and Robert Tilton's do their level best to avoid
any kind of outside scrutiny.  Therefore, the problem of how to convince wayward
ministries to play within the rules remains.
  The only solution I can see is peer pressure.  If a minister knows that large
Christian publishers won't publish his books, other ministries won't invite him
as a guest, and radio stations won't carry his broadcasts unless he joins the
ECFA, it would be a powerful incentive to him.
  The final question I'd like to leave to my friends in the Evangelical
community is whether you have the character to 'clean up your own house' -- or
prefer to let characters like Bill and Hillary do it for you.
_____________________________________________________________________

                              ENDNOTES:

1 Bob Larson, "Talk-Back With Bob Larson" (radio broadcast), 11 Apr.
1994 (tape on file).
2Ibid., 22 Mar. 1994 (tape on file).
3Ibid., 4 Mar. 1994 (tape on file).
4Telephone interview, 21 Mar. 1994 (tape on file).
5Steve Blow, "So Much Prosperity, So Little Candor," Dallas Morning
News [Dallas, Texas], 27 May 1992, no page listed, reprinted in "The
Beast of Robert Tilton," Snake Oil [Dallas, Texas], undated, p. 4.
6"In Search of Satan" (television broadcast), Home Box Office, 1993.
7Bob Larson, "Talk-Back With Bob Larson" (radio broadcast), 2 Feb.
1994 (tape on file).
8See, Pat Mahoney, Fax (to Ken Smith), 22 Sept. 1993; Gary Massaro,
"Ministry Quits Audit Group Over Finances," Rocky Mountain News [Den-
ver, Colo.], 24 Sept. 1993, p. 12A, col. 5.
9Scott Baradell, "Robert Tilton: Heart of Darkness," Dallas Observer
[Dallas, Texas], 6 Feb. 1992, p. 13 (reprinted in "The Beast of Rob
ert Tilton," Snake Oil [Dallas, Texas], undated, p. 25), (hereinaf
ter, "Heart of Darkness").
10"Heart of Darkness," p. 15 [p. 27].
11Angelo Diasparra, Memorandum (to staff), 14 Aug. 1992.
12"Heart of Darkness," p. 15 [p. 27].
13 Ministry mail meeting [ memorandum ], 15 June 1989, p. 1

14"Heart of Darkness," p. 14 [p. 26].
15Jon Trott, "Bob Larson's Ministry Comes Under Scrutiny," Corner
stone, Vol. 21, Issue 100, Feb. 1993, p. 18 (advance copy courtesy of
Jon Trott).
16Ibid., p. 37.
17Bob Larson, "Enjoy It While You Can" (sound recording), Bob Larson
Ministries, undated (circa 1970).
18See generally, Ken Smith, "The Two Faces of Bob," and "The $64,000
Question," both available on Internet.
19Bob Larson Ministries, 1991 Audited Financial Statements, p. 8
(obtained from Bob Larson Ministries, Aug. 12, 1992, copy on file).
20Focus on the Family, Guidelines for Fund-Raising (a copy is on my
door; I don't have an actual cite).
21Confirmed via telephone with ECFA personnel, Apr. 7, 1994.
22ISee note 8, infra.
23Ken Sidey, "Selling Satan," Christianity Today, 7 Mar. 1994, p. 35.
24Jack Farmer, Post (to Kevin Mowery), Prodigy: "Bob Larson Exposed"
bbs, Apr. 12, 1994.

                                  PART 10

                Bob Larson: Sex, Lies, and Audiotape

  Documents.  They are the stuff of history (unless you happen to be Ollie North
... then, they ARE history).  They brought us Whitewater and Dead Air.  And like
his political soul-mate, the man wearing the clerical 'Clinton collar' (Bob
Larson) is doing his best to forestall a coming catastrophe.
  Behind almost every miscreant minister, there's a woman: Jim Bakker had
Jessica Hahn, Jimmy Swaggart had a procession of prostitutes, and Robert Tilton
might have had Candice Caminati.1  David Hocking's fate was sealed with a kiss.
And Bob Larson had his "harem."  Still, it's not so much what 'Bobby's Angels'
did between the sheets that got him into trouble, but rather, what they did on
the sheets.

The "Underground" Railroad...
  Dead Air was born in an unlikely place: a football game.  God spoke to Bob
(or, so the story goes) through His faithful servant, William T. Abbott, who
pointed out that novels are more profitable than works of non-fiction.  Bob took
that divine advice, and immediately went to work on a plot sketch.  Bob's
original story was a trial concerning a Satanic crime, but Abbott, aware that
Bob didn't know the first thing about the law, reportedly suggested that he
would be better off writing about a talk-show host rescuing a child from a
Satanic cult.  And he was right.
  As far as can be ascertained, Bob made at least a nominal effort to write what
we now know as Dead Air.  But he couldn't make enough time to mount a credible
effort, and editors tend to insist upon that.  As this internal Ministry memo
suggests, his own in-house editor, Muriel Olson, did what she could to salvage
it (then titled, "Underground"):

    DATE:        4-2-90
    TO:          Bob
    FROM:        Muriel
    SUBJECT:     UNDERGROUND DRAFTS

    1. I understand and share your concern about taking too much
       Larson flavor out and injecting too much Olson into the
       Underground drafts.  It's not a rare problem under these
       writing conditions, but I wanted to give you my best cre-
       ative work, too.  You accepted what I did with the first
       chapters and told me to run with it -- so I have.  If I
       don't give you a descriptive phrase or elaborate on some
       scenes, you won't have the opportunity of accepting or
       rejecting, so I write as it comes to me.

       It would be hard -- probably impossible -- to tell you
       about all the changes, since they're interwoven throughout
       what you give me in dictation.  You asked me to advise you
       about dramatic changes, but I'm sticking to your plot and
       just condensing, embellishing phrases or situations as you
       present them.  Example is throwing in the bit about snakes
       in the exposed cellar -- which just enhances the scenario
       you're giving the reader. I'm not making changes, not add-
       ing plot; I'm filling out scenes and descriptive language,
       and I see no way to give you less.

    2. I try to appeal to the five senses often and noticed on
       UNDFT5-2 that you had eliminated 'red or grey' barns and
       'black and white' dairy cattle.  Unless there is good rea-
       son to take out this stuff that appeals to the reader's
       sense of sight, such color might be better left in.  In
       that particular paragraph, two of the four references to
       color have been deleted, and I don't think anything was
       gained by doing so.  Your opinion?

    3. UNDFT5-2 -- In the second paragraph, the last sentence was
       deleted.  I wrote that to build suspense about the wolf and
       bear shapes in the Mounds.  Did I miss my target or was the
       reference too obtuse?  Just curious.

    4. I get a total of 62 pages (double-spaced) for manuscript as
       of today, including Chapter Six as dictated.

    5. On page 5 of Chapter Six, you dictated that Sheriff Hancock
       had been voted in 'last year.'  On last page of this chap-
       ter, Sheriff Hancock states that he has been in office for
       35 years.  Will he be a newly elected sheriff or an old-
       timer?

    Just know that I'm sensitive to keeping your flavor and lan-
    guage, but don't know how to add creatively to the condensed
    dictated version without giving you what comes through my
    rewriting process.  I'd rather give you too much than not
    enough. [emphasis added]"2

  If the following memo -- dictated in his car -- is a clear indication of Bob
Larson's writing skills, Olson didn't have a lot to work with:

    "UNDERGROUND -- Dictated in car by BL 3-12-90

      The Columbus County library was one of those old Andrew Car-
    negie type, the kind that philanthropists built in Smalltown,
    America at the turn of the century -- red brick, unimaginative
    architecture, erected on the most prominent plot in town, sig-
    naling that knowledge should be the center of the community.
    It was many years since Wes Bryant had entered its weather
    beaten wooden doors.  He remembered it as a kid spending Satur-
    day afternoons pouring over children's books.  That was before
    the advent of television, when adventure on the pages of imagi-
    native children's novels was replaced by the dissociate experi-
    ence of watching cartoon characters dispassionately.  Wes
    wasn't what you'd call a reader, unless you count the sporting
    news and an occasional Life magazine.  But this visit to the
    Columbus County library had more in mind than the attainment of
    literary wisdom.
      As Wes stepped inside, he marveled how little things had
    changed: groove and tongue slat-board floors, high ceilings
    supporting symmetrically placed ceiling fans that sweeped occa-
    sionally, piercing the silence like an owl's shriek in a still
    forest, the musty smell of old wood mingled with even older
    books.

      'May I help you?'

      The librarian looked the part, stern, bespectacled, not the
    kind of person you'd invite to an uproarious party.  She tilted
    her head down slightly to peer through the top half of her
    bifocals, assuming the role of gendarme of Columbus County's
    sacred volumes of literature.

      'Could you please direct me to the section where I might find
    some books on local history?' Wes asked. [all sic]"3

  Needless to say, Olson wrote almost as much on that draft as Larson dictated.
It is a great feeling to see your book in print, but writing fiction is hard
work.  And Bob had better things to do.
  Enter Lori Boespflug.  Lori signed on as Bob's secretary -- and was promoted
to Vice-President of Creative Services in a mere two years.  Like Olson, her
primary job was to write books for Bob.  And perhaps, as the following letter
indicates, she did that job too well:

                             "July 8, 1991

    Mr. Bob Larson
    Bob Larson Ministries
    P.O. Box 36480
    Denver, CO  80236

    Dear Bob,

      With the passing of each day, I become more and more con-
    cerned about your potential liability to Lori in connection
    with Dead Air and its sequels.

      The time table is immediate.  You will soon know if Dead Air
    is to be a publishing success and, quite possible, if theatri-
    cal rights are to be optioned.  Assuming success, and knowing
    the role Lori has played, it would amaze me if she is not suf-
    ficiently astute to use this opportunity to both secure her
    financial future and to launch her own literary career.  More
    specifically, she will demand recognition and/or profit partic-
    ipation in connection with sequels and possibly Dear Air [sic]
    itself.  I know how I would advise her in this regard, and it
    is unrealistic to think that my insights are unique.  Her delay
    in contacting me, of course, increases my concern.

      What should you be doing now to anticipate her?  I will first
    address a legalistic solution which I know is doomed - allowing
    her to write sequels but contractually establishing that they
    are works for hire.  Even if she agreed to this and signed a
    confidentiality agreement, her liability for breach could never
    equal the value of public recognition of her authorship.  Even
    beyond that financial consideration, her ego, like that of most
    creative people, could not be satisfied with anonymity after
    the risk of Dead Air's failure had passed.

      Instead, I believe that you have two more realistic choices.
    First truly and simply use Lori as a researcher and document
    that as her role.  You will be required to write more, but
    after all, it is you who will enjoy the benefits.  Second, if
    you want Lori to write, give her credit, (ideally under a pen
    name because of past gossip) and a negotiated percentage of
    profits, but not copyright ownership, in any sequels.  This is
    not an unusual solution and has the benefit of obviating any
    question of who wrote how much of either Dead Air or the
    sequel.  Also under such an arrangement, where her profits are
    tied to yours, she has no interest in embarrassing you regard
    ing the authorship of Dead Air.

      Please call me regarding this matter at your convenience.

                                     Sincerely,
                                     /s/ Bill
                                     William T. Abbott"4

  This letter was excerpted in World's January, 1993 expos‚ of Larson,5 and
printed in its entirety in Cornerstone's February, 1993 follow-up.6  When Abbott
was confronted with this letter, he merely expressed surprise: "How in the ****
did you get that?"7  But when Bob Larson was asked about the "Abbott letter" by
a Talk-Back caller, he did his best Bill Clinton imitation:

      "What they [Cornerstone] printed was plain and simple: An
    attorney, that represented this ministry a couple of years ago,
    became concerned about an employee who might try to assert
    unreasonable rights, claiming contributions to the book that
    were lies, and he was warning me in advance about that.  In
    fact, that very employee was fired for immoral reasons [sic],
    turned around and did make the allegations I was warned about
    in that idiotic letter that was a stolen document of confiden-
    tial private information between attorney-client privilege
    [sic], had to do with an attempt by this very individual, and
    all the attorney was trying to do was warn me that that might
    happen.  That's all!"8

  Getting an honest answer out of Bob Larson with respect to Dead Air is almost
as difficult as getting one from President Clinton concerning Whitewater.  Yet,
in the courtroom, where flagrant dishonesty is frowned upon, Bob sang quite a
different tune:

        "12.  In the World Magazine article, the authors quoted a
    confidential letter sent to BLM by one of its attorneys.  Upon
    information and belief, the letter was given to the authors by
    Defendant....

        16.  In the Cornerstone article paragraphs from the April
    7, 1992 agreement between Larson and Defendant were quoted ver-
    batim.  The authors stated, 'She (Boespflug) provided us with a
    copy of her agreement dated April 7, 1992.'

        17.  The Cornerstone article also quoted verbatim the same
    confidential letter sent to BLM by one of its attorneys that
    was quoted in World Magazine.  Upon information and belief, the
    letter was given to the Cornerstone authors by Defendant.

        18.  Defendant disclosed business information and propriet-
    ary information pertaining to BLM and Larson to the authors of
    the Cornerstone article. [emphasis mine]"9

  In bringing his lawsuit against Boespflug, Bob Larson was forced to admit that
the Abbott letter was both authentic and unaltered.  As an added bonus, by
authenticating the contract excerpted below, Bob confessed to the fact that
Boespflug wrote the early drafts of Abaddon:

       "You hereby agree to provide me on or before May 1, 1992 an
    outline of the first two hundred pages of the sequel; and on or
    before July 1, 1992, an outline of the remaining 200 pages of
    the sequel.  If so requested by me, said outlines shall contain
    or be accompanied by character sketches, narratives, fact
    research and sample dialogue...."10

  The plot, characters, and storyline all belonged to Lori Boespflug (except Wes
Bryant, of course, which everyone recognizes to be Bob).  Mark Reynolds was
patterned after one of her former husband's fellow police officers ... who had
left seminary prior to joining the force.  Glint Blade [NOT Clint Blade] was a
young man she had encountered at a SOKS event.  The publisher's deadline was
fast approaching.  What was a best-selling author and commentator to do?
  As this internal BLM memo suggests, he turned to former Compassion Connection
director Margo Hamilton:

    MEMORANDUM
    TO:     BOB
    FROM:   MARGO
    DATE:   6/16/92
    SUBJ:   BOOK (I have no idea what I'm doing, just thoughts)

         _____________________________________________________

    Ideas:

    Chapter One:
    * Wes and Annette are separated
    * Annette calls Wes, frantic that Jennifer's been
      arrested and now sits in detox
    * Her unpredictable, rebellious nature has caused juvenile
      courts to get involved
    * Jennifer's been actively participating in sex, drugs, and
      rock-n-roll
    * Her trend is gothic, and her clothes, hair, nails and
      attitude reflect this, but not consistently
    * The courts decide to put Jennifer in the foster care
      system (infiltration of the foster care home(s) will enter
      in later chapters)
    * Annette blames Wes for the family's dysfunctionalism as he's
      absorbed himself in business and career
    * Annette refuses family counseling as she wants no one to know
      about their past

    Chapter Two:
    * Jennifer is moved into the foster home
    * Wes's job becomes more demanding as finances are failing and
      his board is gaining more control
    * Strange messages are left on Wes's answering machine (Jean-
      nifer's alters.)
    * In frustration, he takes a late night drive, and there on E.
      Colfax is a young girl, dressed as a prostitute, that looks
      identical to Jennifer.  (In actuality, it's her twin that
      Annette assume died at birth.)

    Chapter Three
    * Annette and Wes meet at what once was the family home
    * Wes asks to go through Jennifer's room and finds:
      death box, odd assortment of clothing, Book of shadow, pic-
      tures of odd people participating in odd activities, rune
      stones, tarot cards, and an assortment of crystals.  The
      death box, which is black lacquer and has a tiny paddle lock,
      is a mystery as they can't get inside...."11

  Hamilton, a physical education major in college, wasn't much help.  But
Larson's young second wife, the former Laura Ann Harris Anderson, was.  She
picked up where Lori left off -- and the rest is history.

And "Railroading" Your Ex-Wife:
  Malachi 2:15 warns us that a man should not deal treacherously with the wife
of his youth.  That advice is as divine today as it was when it was given ...
and while the war of the Larsons did not end as violently as the cinematic "War
of the Roses," it may well have been his doom.  Divorcing a wife is generally
considered bad form among Christian circles [technically, it is adultery11a],
but more to the point, the incriminating financial disclosures Bob was forced to
make to get a divorce laid the foundation for the Larson investigation.  The
following document is the 'smoking gun':

"DISTRICT COURT, JEFFERSON COUNTY, STATE OF COLORADO
Case No. 91DR226, Division 9
_____________________________________________________________________

AFFIDAVIT WITH RESPECT TO FINANCIAL AFFAIRS OF BOBBY E. LARSON
_____________________________________________________________________

BOBBY E. LARSON, Petitioner,

and

KATHRYN G. LARSON, Respondent.

_____________________________________________________________________

     Bobby E. Larson, Social Security No. 505-56-3XXX, declares under
     oath:

1.   I am employed by Bob Larson Ministries, Inc. and International
     Broadcasting Network, Inc., 575 Union Blvd., Lakewood, Colorado.
     I am President of both entities.  I am paid twice each month.

2.   Monthly salary and deductions are:

     Bob Larson Ministries, Inc.
        Gross salary                           6,792
        Expense allowance                      2,750
        Retirement allowance                   4,208
        Housing allowance                      2,291
        FICA (12 month average)                 -427
        Federal withholding                   -1,064
        State withholding                        -76
        125 Cafeteria Plan deduction            -333
        125 Cafeteria Plan reimbursement         333
          Net monthly salary                                 13,432

        In 1990 I received a bonus of $25,000.  I do not
        know at this time if I will receive a bonus in 1991.
         [Our information shows that Bob received a $50,000
        bonus in 1991, which was paid in February of 1992.]

     International Broadcasting Network, Inc.
        Gross salary                           3,333
        FICA                                    -255
        Federal withholding                     -432
        State withholding                       -144
          Net monthly salary                                  2,502


3.   Average net monthly income from other sources,           4,459
     based on 1990 federal income tax return:

        Honoraria                              1,000
        Personal auto use                        362
        Personal life insurance                   94
        Interest and dividends                 2,860
        Interest (from Husband's separate        419
          property)
        BLM Canada consulting fees             4,257
                                              ------
          Total (before taxes)                 8,992 *
            Less monthly average of 1991      -4,533 *
            federal and state tax estimates
                                              ------
         Total (after taxes)                   4,459

     *  Note: Excluding royalty income from publishing con-
        tracts, and the income tax thereon, which has been
        valued as an asset.  See K.47 and 48, page 13.

4.   Estimated net monthly income from all sources           20,393

5.   Total income reported on our 1990 federal tax return   403,310

6.   I believe the monthly gross income of the other
     party to be                                            Unknown
     I believe the monthly net income therefrom to be       Unknown

7.   My estimated monthly living expenses for a household
     consisting of one adult are:

     A. HOUSING
        (1) Mortgage payment                       0 *
        (2) Utilities                              0 *
        (3) Homeowners fee                        80
        (4) Household help                        85
        (5) Home/yard maintenance                 75
            TOTAL                                               240

     * Bob Larson Ministries, Inc. pays the $1,876
     monthly mortgage payment and an average of $350
     per month for utilities from my housing allowance.

     B. FOOD
        (1) Groceries                            140
        (2) Eating out                           150
            TOTAL                                               290





     C. MEDICAL
        (1) Doctor                                20
        (2) Dentist                               20
        (3) Counseling                           200
        (4) Eye exams and glasses                 30
        (5) Vitamins and supplements              20
            TOTAL                                               290

     D. INSURANCE
        (1) Personal property                    113
        (2) Medical insurance                      0 *
        (3) Life insurance                         0 *
           TOTAL                                                113

       * Bob Larson Ministries, Inc. pays $163 monthly
       for medical, dental, vision and life insurance
       and $116 monthly for life insurance as an employ-
       ment benefit.

     E. TRANSPORTATION *

       * Bob Larson Ministries, Inc. provides an automobile
       for my use and pays all expenses.  I pay income tax on
       personal use of the automobile, which is reflected in
       Section 3, page 2.

     F. CLOTHING                                                166

     G. LAUNDRY AND CLEANING                                    100

     H. EDUCATION                                                 0

     I. RECREATION (Estimate includes concerts,               1,000
        theater, sporting events, skiing and travel.)

        * Bob Larson Ministries, Inc. pays a $140
        monthly athletic club membership fee as an
        employment benefit.

     J. MISCELLANEOUS
        (1) Charitable contributions           1,339
        (2) Support of parents                   850
        (3) Gifts                                165
        (4) Hair cuts and personal                40
            grooming
        (5) Records and tapes                     25
        (6) Pet care:
             Veterinarian                         15
             Kennel                              150
        (7) Personal accounting services         170
             (average based on 1990)
        (8) Summit County condominium:
             Condo fee                           369
             Taxes                               145
             Insurance                            18
             Public service                       70
             Water and sewer                      41
             Cable TV                              7
             Cleaning                             50
             Maintenance and repairs             183
        (9) Genesee land:
             Taxes                               122
             Genesee Foundation fee               71
             Homeowners fee                       58
             Water and sewer                      13
       (10) Clear Creek County condominium:
             Taxes                                58
             Insurance                            14
             Homeowners fee                        2
             Maintenance and repairs              13
             Public Service                        8
             Water and sewer                      19
            TOTAL                                             4,015
                                                             ------
            TOTAL REQUIRED MONTHLY EXPENSES                   6,214

     K. MONTHLY PAYMENTS TO CREDITORS                             0
        (FROM DEBT SCHEDULE)
                                                             ------
            TOTAL MONTHLY EXPENSES PLUS DEBTS                 6,214

8.   DEBTS

     A. Campbell & Rosenbaum    CPA expert fees             Unknown
     B. Plaut/Lipstein/Cohen    Attorney fees               Unknown

                   SUMMARY OF MARITAL ASSET VALUES

A. REAL ESTATE                                              539,200
B. FURNITURE, ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT AND HOUSEHOLD         Not valued
   GOODS (divided by Husband and Wife in a manner
   which they believe to be equitable)
C. FURNITURE KNOW TO HAVE BEEN PURCHASED BY WIFE              7,874
   SINCE 4/26/91
D. CHINA, CRYSTAL, ARTWORKS, JEWELRY, FURS, COINS            86,677
   AND COLLECTIBLES (divided by agreement of Husband
   and Wife)
     Value to Husband                         39,381
     Value to Wife                            47,296
E. AUTOMOBILES                                               10,000
F. BANK ACCOUNTS AND CASH ACCOUNTS                          382,191
G. CASH ON HAND
     Husband                                                Minimal
     Wife                                                   Unknown
H. STOCKS AND BONDS                                         156,597
I. LIFE INSURANCE                                             3,265
J. DEFERRED BENEFIT PLANS AND RETIREMENT ACCOUNTS            69,876
     Held in Husband's name                   51,672
     Held in Wife's name                      18,204
K. TAX SHELTERED ANNUITIES                                  152,882
     Held in Husband's name                  127,468
     Held in Wife's name                      25,414
L. PUBLISHING CONTRACTS, ROYALTY INTERESTS AND COPYRIGHTS    31,500
M. MISCELLANEOUS ASSETS                                       4,641
                                                           ---------
   TOTAL                                                   1,444,703

9. ASSETS                                                   Total
                                                           Net Value
A. REAL ESTATE

      (1) Townhouse at 867 Hill and Dale Road, #C,           20,000
          Golden, Colorado, titled in names of Husband
          and Wife.  Property is to be sold.  Appraised
          value is $215,000, less encumbrance of $180,000
          and estimated sale commission (7%) of $15,000.

      (2) Condominium Unit 2, Building 1, Hearthstone       225,000
          Mountainhomes at Aspenridge Condominiums,
          Summit County, Colorado; no encumbrance;
          appraised value of $225,000

      (3) Lot 3, Genesee Filing No. 13, Parcel 1, vacant    136,700
          land known as 1356 Preserve Circle, titled in
          Husband's name. Property is to be sold. Appraised
          value is $147,000, less estimated sale commission
          (7%) of $10,300.  Property is not encumbered.

      (4) Unit No. 21 and Unit No. 25, Winterland Condo-     32,500
          minium East (Silver Lake), Clear Creek County,
          Colorado; titled in names of Husband and Wife;
          appraised value $32,500; no encumbrance

      (5) Governor's Park patio home purchased by Wife      125,000
          June 3, 1991; purchase price; no encumbrance

          TOTAL                                             539,200

            [sections B-K (pp. 8-12) deleted for brevity]

                                                              Total
                                                           Net Value
   L. PUBLISHING CONTRACTS, ROYALTY INTERESTS
      AND COPYRIGHTS

      (46) Husband's agreements with Thomas Nelson           25,000
           Communications for literary works in print;
           value net of required income taxes

      (47) Husband's exclusive Copyright License Agreements   6,500
           with Tyndale House Publishers, Inc. for literary
           works in print, value net of required income
           taxes

      (48) Copyrights to videos                                   0

           TOTAL                                             31,500

           [section M (rest of p. 13) deleted for brevity]

   TOTAL VALUE OF NET MARITAL ESTATE                      1,444,703


   N. HUSBAND'S SEPARATE PROPERTY

      (54) 1stBank Certificate of Deposit 683-2121 in Husband's
           name; balance per statement dated 6/14/91 of $76,950;
           original deposit of $64,500 bequest from the Estate
           of Ann C. Benson to Husband on 12/8/88 (see section E.
           p. 8 for marital portion) [sic]

      (55) Brass, carvings, ivory, novelties, porcelain, tables,
           sculpture and miscellaneous (see Exhibit A, and also
           Section C, page 8)

           TOTAL [sic]

   O. WIFE'S SEPARATE PROPERTY

      (56) Chair, porcelain and silver (see Exhibit A, and also
           Section C, page 8)

STATE OF COLORADO            )
                             ) ss.
County of Jefferson          )

     I declare, under penalty of perjury, that I have read the foregoing
affidavit and the statements contained therein are true to the best of my
knowledge.

                                             /s/ Bobby E. Lar[son]

     SUBSCRIBED AND SWORN TO before me this __12__ day of July, 1991,

     WITNESS my hand and official seal. 10/12/91

    /seal/                                   /s/ Frank Plaut
                                             Notary Public"12
_____________________________________________________________________

According to the Court's order, Kathy Larson got the patio home, some $500,000
in stocks and bonds, $3,700 a month in maintenance ... and I would argue, the
shaft.  But while Bob Larson won that battle, he may have lost the war.  In
revealing his personal financial condition, he gave substance to widespread
suspicions that he was making an exorbitant living from his ministry.
  I saw this document as a blueprint, which enabled me to reconstruct Bob
Larson's financial empire.  I used this, his divorce transcript, Ministry tax
returns, and other public domain material to reconstruct Bob's income for 1990.
I chose 1990 on the grounds that every component of Bob's compensation package
-- salary, bonuses, housing allowances, retirement benefits -- either was or
should have been reported on a document signed under penalty of perjury.  The
figures could not reasonably be disputed ... but, then again, Bob Larson has
never been known for his ability to be reasonable.
  The only figure missing was that of royalties.  I had hard evidence that
Larson used Ministry funds to pay staffers to write "his" books, sent out a
direct mailing to donors specifically to promote Dead Air, and made similar use
of Ministry-paid air time.  Bob even admitted to me that he didn't pay for those
'spots' (not that it was necessary -- related-party transactions have to be
reported on the Ministry's Form 1990).  Likewise, I had testimonial evidence
that he sold his books to the Ministry at a profit -- and had done so for years.
In accordance with IRS regulations [Regs. =1.61-21(b)(1)-(2)], I made an attempt
to estimate the fair market value of Bob's unreported 'fringe benefits', clearly
outlining my assumptions for all to see.
  As for the document itself, I had every reason to believe that it was
authentic.  First, it bore the stamp of the Jefferson County District Court, and
was signed under penalty of perjury -- which creates a reasonable presumption of
authenticity.  Second, the material accuracy of the figures contained therein
was confirmed by Ministry general counsel Chris Johnson.13  Finally, the
figures for Bob's compensation from Bob Larson Ministries were in substantial
agreement with those listed on the Ministries' 1990 tax return, as obtained from
the IRS.  Considering that Bob's divorce file remains sealed to this day, and he
has offered no evidence that would bring my work into legitimate dispute, it
takes a certain chutzpah to insist that I fabricated these figures from whole
cloth.
  A related document, used in my estimate of Bob Larson's income, is Larson's
agreement with Thomas Nelson concerning Dead Air.  It is not particularly
scintillating as bed-time reading goes, but it betrays a fascinating
self-assessment of the moral bankruptcy of his behavior.
  The standard book royalty contract contains a morals clause, which gives the
publisher the right to terminate the contract if the author engages in unseemly
conduct.  This is taken from Thomas Nelson's pre-printed agreement:

      "Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Author is
    publicly accused of an act of moral turpitude, the violation of
    any law or any other conduct which subjects or could be reason
    ably anticipated to subject author or Publisher to public ridi-
    cule, contempt, scorn, hatred or censure, or could materially
    diminish the potential sales of the Work, Publisher shall have
    the right to terminate the terms of this agreement...."14

  Most authors don't have that many 'skeletons' in their closets, and such a
clause is rarely disturbed.  But Bob Larson, probably knowing that his sins were
likely to find him out, made a point to alter that clause as follows:

      "Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Author is
    indicted for, or it is proven that he has engaged in acts of
    moral turpitude or he acknowledges such, or of said event, Pub
    lisher shall have the right to terminate the terms of this
    agreement....[alterations in italics]"15

  Larson also had a special clause written into the contract which is worthy of
note -- not because it is particularly unusual, but rather, because it is
evidence that Bob Larson Ministries does not benefit in any material way from
the sales of Bob's books:

    "XXVI.  SPECIAL SALES
      Communications Consultants Group, Inc. may purchase copies of
    the book [Dead Air] at the following special discounts:

      1-1,000 copies at a discount of sixty percent (60%) off sug-
    gested retail price;
      1,000-2,500 copies at a discount of sixty-five percent (65%)
    off suggested retail price, provided that the purchase is part
    of the Publisher's print run;
      Over 2,500 copies at a discount of seventy-five percent (75%)
    off the suggested retail price, provided that the purchase is
    part of the Publisher's print run.
      No royalty shall be paid on these sales."16

  And of course, it should come as no surprise that the sole owner of
Communications Consultants Group is one Bobby E. Larson.17  Despite the fact
that Ministry employees wrote the book on Ministry time, Bob Larson Ministries,
like everyone else, stood out in the cold.

"Secular Bob" -- The Singapore Sting?
  Most of the documents are mundane business records: correspondence, internal
memos, show lists, supplier contracts ... the kind of information a typical
American business throws away as a matter of course.  And, like pottery shards
at an archaeological site, they mean little in and of themselves ... but when
you put them together, they paint a frighteningly accurate picture.
  Most of the bits and pieces are illustrative, like the resum‚ which Larson
supposedly provided to publisher Thomas Nelson indicating that he attended the
University of Nebraska from 1962-196418 (in fact, his freshman year was spent at
McCook Junior College, and he dropped out of the University of Nebraska in
September of 1964).19  I doubt that Nelson gave a damn about Bob's lack of
education, but Bob has no compunctions about lying to anyone at any time
whenever he feels it will serve his purposes.  And on the radio, it usually
does.
  Bob told us just how bad things were on April 14, 1994:

      "Now, I looked back at the statistics over the last couple of
    years on this particular week -- 'tax week' -- and they're bad.
    They're really bad! And part of me says, 'Bob Larson, why would
    you pick a week like this as the critical week to evaluate the
    stations of this network as to who is going to be able to con-
    tinue carrying Talk-Back?  And why would you launch this unpre-
    cedented incredible opportunity in secular broadcasting?' Well,
    folks, I didn't pick the date and the time. In fact, if I would
    have had my druthers, I'd have been happy to have waited...."20

  A quick check of the Ministry's weekly statistics for 1991 and 1992 suggests
otherwise:

                 Week            1991            1992
                Number         TOTAL $         TOTAL $
                ~~~~~~         ~~~~~~~         ~~~~~~~
                    1         $ 62,312        $ 32,582
                    2           56,377          38,968
                    3           43,751          39,731
                    4           42,425          35,936
                    5           61,866          39,965
                    6           40,011          44,241
                    7           32,056          40,598
                    8           48,229          34,680
                    9           57,241          27,052
                   10           50,029          36,716
                   11           39,164          35,122
                   12           47,230          40,444
                   13           65,023          33,623
                   14           66,257          40,073
                   15           57,854          38,352
                   16           75,046          35,277
                   17           63,444          46,721
                   18           69,711          33,117
                                 (wks 19-38 omitted)
         Totals:            ----------      ----------
           Thru 38 wks.    $ 1,883,961     $ 1,302,709"21
                            ==========      ==========
           Weekly Ave.          49,577          34,282
                            ==========      ==========

  Historically, April 15th has been an auspicious time for Bob's ministry: In
1992, donations for that week ran 36% ahead of average, and in 1991, the week
before tax day (the 16th or 17th week of the year, depending upon the calendar)
was his second-best of the year.  And it makes sense, when you think about it --
most people get their refunds in late March or early April.  But if Bob doesn't
face a 'crisis', he is obliged to invent one.
  Larson's bread-and-butter ploy is threatening to cancel any station that
doesn't meet its air-time costs.  Long-time Talk-Back listeners should recall
times when Bob has claimed that thirty, forty, and even fifty percent of his
stations have fallen far short.  But despite his advertised ruthlessness, as
this memo suggests, the stations are surprisingly hardy perennials:

   "TO:     BOB, ANGELO, LORI, MARGO, BONNIE, LAURA T., DEEANN,
            CHRIS, LISA
    FROM:   PAM K. [IBN Director Pam Koczman]
    RE:     STATION CANCELLATION STATUS
    DATE:   5-20-92

    Seven cancellation letters have been sent out in May.  Of these
    seven, four have lowered rates or opted out to revenue share
    with our premium costs taken out and with limits on total
    monies sent to them.  Previously for 1992 we had already can-
    celled two other stations for lack of support (WSHO, New
    Orleans and KOPY in Austin). (Nine total stations have been
    cancelled because of lack of financial support.)  The stations
    receiving letters of cancellation are listed below:

    1.  WBFJ - Winston/Salem, NC - Letter of Amendment - PI basis
        through August 31, 1992.  Then re-negotiate.
    2.  WOLY - Battle Creek, MI - June, July, August go to $10 a
        day instead of $20.
    3.  WRKP - Wheeling, WV - Letter of Amendment to a PI basis
        June July and August.
    4.  WXLN - Louisville, KY - Letter of Amendment to do $20/day
        instead of $35.
    5.  KTSJ - Pomona, CA - John Boyd has not responded to cancel-
        lation letter.  We pay $40 per day for both hours.  We do
        not want to keep unless they carry for free.
    6.  WSCW - South Charleston, WV - They are accepting cancella
        tion for June 12, 1992.
    7.  KJAY - West Sacramento, CA - 3-month non-cancellable is up
        June 30, 1992.  Letter has been sent stating we discontinue
        at that time.
    _______________________________________________________________
    OTHER MARKETS WHERE WE ARE EXPERIENCING LOSSES YTD BUT WEREN'T
    SENT LETTERS OF CANCELLATION YET BECAUSE THEY REDUCED THE RATE
    FOR A PROBATIONARY PERIOD.

    1.  KIEV - LA - $1440 per day reduced to $1100 per day- June
        through August.
    2.  WPIT - Pittsburgh - $210 per day for both hours now reduced
        to $160 per day June through August.
    3.  KDAZ - Albuquerque - $100 per day for both hours now
        reduced to $75 per day June through August.
    4.  WFUR - Grand Rapids, MI - $50/2nd hr. to $30/hr. May
        through August [other stations omitted for brevity] ...

    The above stations are all the stations not bringing in a plus
    margin YTD at the end of April.  These 18 are all the stations
    we have to trim away extra expense.
      I realize you are using the campaign of every station pled
    ging a gift everyday which I think is working when you read
    those you didn't hear from.  By the end of summer if the above
    stations have not recouped or rebounded, then I suggest you go
    back to listing these stations which aren't going to make
    it."22

  The cancellation letters are thus simple negotiation tools, permitting Bob to
play hard-ball with both stations and listeners.  According to a September 9,
1992 memo, BLM added 22 stations year-to-date, while losing only 19.23  Of the
19, only 6 were cancelled by BLM, and 'lost' markets (e.g., Lansing, MI) were
recaptured shortly thereafter.  Bob is secretly building his empire, while
publicly proclaiming that it is burning down.
  So, Bob told a fib.  So, Bob told lots of them.  What's the point?  What is
the point???  As Rush Limbaugh is wont to put it, it's character.  In a recent
Time editorial, Charles Krauthammer places the character issue into perspective,
as it relates to Larson's favorite whipping-boy:

                       "Why Whitewater Matters
      At the heart of the Clinton presidency lies an oddity.  Bill
    Clinton has been plagued by questions of character and trust
    worthiness throughout his career.  He earned the name Slick
    Willie long before he ran for the White House.  The man who
    'didn't inhale' is a man the public does not trust.  His slick
    ness is such a given that in a column defending the President,
    Michael Kinsley quite casually, indeed parenthetically, con
    cedes that Clinton all but lied about Gennifer Flowers.
      And yet this is a presidency that makes a public fetish of
    its virtuousness.  The Clintons really do believe they are
    doing God's work on health care, welfare, national service,
    etc. and those who oppose them do so for the most venal, usu
    ally pecuniary, motives.  They really do believe theirs is the
    politics of virtue.  Hillary Clinton spent so much time cham-
    pioning the politics of virtue that she earned a cover photo-
    graph in the New York Times Magazine last year showing her
    dressed in purest white, with the accompanying article head-
    lined SAINT HILLARY.
      It is this contradiction between the claim to saintliness and
    the evidence of slickness that gives the Whitewater affair such
    drama and urgency.  We would not be half so interested in the
    personal failings and shady dealings of a First Family that did
    not so insistently engage in arrogant, high-handed moralism....
      [Whitewater] is a tangled web of, for now, obscure dealings
    involving political favors, real estate speculation, and con-
    flicts of interest--with a dead man.  It is important less for
    its possible criminal violations than for the light it sheds on
    the ethical norms, the greed and ambition, of our moral betters
    in the White House. [emphasis added]"24

  If the White House should be a bastion of morality, then the pulpit certainly
ought to be.  When a minister of the Gospel finds the truth to be a 'cross' too
heavy to bear, perhaps it is time for him to find another line of work.  And
what Bob says about Bill Clinton, we might likewise say to him:

      "Nothing would make me happier than to see the President get
    on national television and say, 'I have sinned!  I have sinned!
    I've sinned against God, and I've sinned against this country.
    I ask your forgiveness.  I'm going to change. ... I'm going to
    apologize to you for lying about what I did, with smoking pot
    and the affairs I've had ... God has forgiven me, and I am
    going to be the Godly president God wants me to be...."25

  In the same way you judge others, Bob, you will be judged (Mt. 7:2,
  NIV)....
_____________________________________________________________________

                              ENDNOTES

1"Gospel Grapevine," Brother Randall, ed., Snake Oil, Issue 2, p. 14:

      "STOP THE PRESSES.  The following report ran Friday, November
    5, 7:25 am on WFAA Channel 8 in Dallas: 'Lawyers for TV evan-
    gelist Bob Tilton go to court this morning in Houston.  Candice
    Caminati of Houston claims Tilton raped her when she worked for
    him in 1982.  She claims she never filed a complaint because
    Tilton paid her hush money for 11 years.  Lawyers for ex-fol-
    lowers of Tilton want to talk to Caminati.  They believe she
    could help in their lawsuits against the minister.'  That same
    evening Channel 8 retracted the story saying, 'We broadcast
    that report without first speaking to Caminati or Tilton.
    Today spokesmen for Caminati and Tilton deny the statements.
    The report was broadcast as a result of a mistake by Channel 8.
    Channel 8 retracts the report in its entirety, and we apologize
    to Candice Caminati and Robert Tilton for our error'." [Inter-
    esting, no?]

2Muriel Olson, Memorandum (to Bob Larson), 2 Apr. 1990, pp. 1-2.
3Bob Larson, Memorandum (to Muriel Olson), 12 Mar. 1990, pp. 1-2.
4William T. Abbott, Letter (to Bob Larson), 8 Jul. 1991, pp. 1-2.
5Jay Grelen and Doug LeBlanc, "This Is Me, This Is Real," World, Vol.
7, No. 32, 23 Jan. 1993, p. 9 (hereinafter, "World").
6Jon Trott, "Bob Larson's Ministry Comes Under Scrutiny," Corner
stone, Vol. 21, Issue 100, p. 41 (advance copy, courtesy Jon Trott)
(hereinafter, "Cornerstone").
7World, p. 9.
8Bob Larson, "Talk-Back With Bob Larson" (radio broadcast), 28 Jul.
1993.
9Complaint at 2-3, Bob Larson Ministries v. Boespflug, No. 93 CV 442
(Jefferson County (Colo.) Dist. Ct., filed 5 Mar. 1993).
10Cornerstone, p. 41.
11"Margo" [Hamilton], Memorandum (to Bob Larson), 16 Jun. 1992, p. 1.
11aMk. 10:11-12; see also, e.g., Mt. 5:32, Lk. 16:18 (although the
innocent victim of an adulterous spouse is allowed to remarry).
12Affidavit With Respect to the Financial Affairs of Bobby E. Larson
at 1-14, Larson v. Larson, No. 91 DR 226 (Jefferson County (Colo.)
Dist.  Ct., filed 28 Jan. 1991).  (The document in question was filed
on July 18, 1991; the divorce file itself was sealed by order of the
Court on 13 Feb. 1992.  Larson's SSN is altered for obvious reasons.)
13Michael Roberts, "The Evil That Men Do," Westword, May 27-Jun 2,
1992, p. 12.
14Thomas Nelson Communications, Agreement (with Bob Larson), 27 Feb.
1990, p. 5 (portions of standard contract typed over with x's).
15Ibid., ibid.
16Ibid., p. 8.
17Records can be obtained from the Colorado Secretary of State [(303)
894-2251]
18"Thomas Nelson Author Information," undated, p. 1.
19World, p. 11.
20Bob Larson, "Talk-Back With Bob Larson" (radio broadcast), 14 Apr.
1994 (tape on file).
21Bob Larson Ministries Graphs: 1991-1992 Comparisons, Spreadsheet,
undated (The figures represent pledges made during Talb-Back
broadcasts, which until recently have accounted for roughly one-half
of BLM revenues).
  [Everyday financial reports speak volumes about the "ministry" that
bears Bob's name, and what they tell us is not often kind.  Consider
the following memo:

NOVE
BOB LARSON MINISTRIES
FOR HALF THE DONATIONS POSTED THRU 07/21/92
July 22, 1992
                                                    20%
  RADIO STATIONS     RSP   DONATIONS   EXPENSE   PREM COST    MARGIN
__________________________________________________________ __________

ANON Anonymous         1     20.00                              20.00
K108 Honolulu, HI
KALV Alvis, OK
KARI Blaine, WA       27     948.12     645.84     189.62      112.66
KATB Anchorage, AK   102  12,078.87   1,207.96   2,415.79    8,455.22
KAYR Ft. Smith, AK     9     335.00       0.00      67.00      268.00
KBBO Yakima, WA        2      80.00                 16.00       64.00
KBBW Waco, TX         49   1,692.31   1,275.90     338.46       77.95
KBLE Seattle, WA     203   9,931.64   2,300.00   1,986.33    5,645.31
KCBC Springfield, MO   1      15.00                  3.00       12.00
KCFO Tulsa, OK        48   3,569.38   1,840.00     713.88    1,015.50
KCRO Omaha, NB        48   3,211.05   2,668.00     642.21      -99.16
KCVO Camdenton, MO     4     170.00                 34.00      136.00
KDAZ Albuquerque, NM  40   1,334.12   1,725.00     266.82     -657.70
KDBS Alexandria, LA    1      40.00                  8.00       32.00
KOMI Des Moines, IA   43   1,016.40     460.00     203.28      353.12
KELP El Paso, TX      22   1,877.56   1,150.00     375.51      352.05
KERI Bakersfield, CA 149   5,363.19   3,783.50   1,072.64      507.05

                         [other key cities]
KIEV Los Angeles, CA 150   7,765.59  25,300.00   1,553.12  -19,087.53
KLTT Denver, CO      133   5,057.66   4,140.00   1,011.53      -93.87
K_NP Portland, OR    105   4,724.83   3,850.00     944.87      -70.14
KPLA Oakland, CA     138   9,945.52   5,000.00   1,989.10    2,956.42
KVTT Dallas, TX      540  33,739.11   1,666.68   6,747.82   25,324.61
KXEG Phoenix, AZ     129   6,000.59   1,840.00   1,200.12    2,960.47
WCVO New Albany, OH  139   5,875.42       0.00   1,175.08    4,700.34
WDCT Washington, DC   34   1,688.55   1,955.00     337.71     -604.16
WDRZ Cleveland, TN    33   8,123.80   2,070.00   1,624.76    4,429.04
WFIF New Haven, CT    37   4,560.24   1,943.50     912.05    1,704.69
WLQV Detroit, MI      36   2,307.59   1,656.00     461.52      190.07
WLVJ W. Palm Bch., FL 41   1,710.51   3,933.00     342.10   -2,564.59
WPIT Pittsburg        68   2,919.12   3,680.00     583.82   -1,344.70
WTOF Canton, OH      116   8,591.14   3,565.00   1,718.23    3,307.91
                    ----  ---------  ---------  ---------  ----------
TOTAL (all cities) 4,628 247,356.35 145,309.43  49,471.27   52,575.65

  Two-thirds of the way through the month, Larson covered his monthly
air time costs, with plenty to spare.  Moreover, with the obvious exceptions 
of Los Angeles and a few East Coast cities, nearly every station contributed				 to the bottom line.  And that is why Bob so rarely cancels stations, despite
his constant whining to the contrary.
  His track record in individual cities is of interest as well.  Dal
las stands out like a sore thumb: Bob grosses nearly $50,000 a month
there, and doesn't pay a dime for air time.  He does give the station
regular gifts, but they don't even come close to the value of the air
time that KVTT gives him.  The second is Los Angeles -- which was one
of his top markets prior to his divorce.  Bob doesn't do that well in
secular markets, which is why he is going to have to make significant
format changes to give Bob Larson Live a chance to succeed.  Third is
his unexpected strength in markets like Anchorage, Seattle, and other
West Coast cities, as compared with the East.  I understand that the
hours between 5:00 and 7:00 P.M. are considered as "garbage time" for
purposes of talk radio; drive-time listeners want weather reports and
traffic updates.]

22Pam K. [Koczman], Memorandum, 20 Apr. 1992.
23"1992 General Talk-Back Station Info Update," Memorandum (to Bob),
9 Sep. 1992.
24Charles Krauthammer, "Why Whitewater Matters," Time, 28 Mar. 1994,
p. 76 (material particularly applicable to Larson is emphasized).
25Bob Larson, "Talk-Back With Bob Larson" (radio broadcast), 19 Apr.
1994.
_____________________________________________________________________
  Copyright 1994 Kenneth L. Smith.  All rights reserved.  Copying is
permitted for non-commercial use only.  Please direct your questions
to the author at P.O. Box 280305, Lakewood, CO  80228. Posted by
Scott Mikusko: 21922sm@msu.edu or smikusko@nyx.cs.du.edu

-----------------------------<GwD Command Centers>------------------------------
    Chaos               (806)###-####   |   PCI                (806)794-1438
    GridPoint Durant    (405)920-1347   |   The Sprawl         (806)797-0820
    Federation Slayers' (806)885-2954   |   Tacoland           (215)750-0392
    The Snake's Den     (806)793-3779   |   The Lagoon         (203)638-3712
    The Siege Perilous  (806)762-0948   |   Altered Reality    (203)925-8349
    Brazen's Hell       (301)776-8259   |   Cell Block 4       (806)612-8694
    Pirate's Cove       (806)795-4926   |   Static Line        (806)747-0802
    PCI                 (806)794-1438   |   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
               ftp =-= etext.archive.umich.edu /pub/Zines/Greeny
                       ftp.fc.net /pub/deadkat/misc/GWD
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              /---------------\
Published by GwD, Inc. in September 1995                      :FIGHT THE POWER:
GREENY world Domination Task Force copyright (c) 1993 by Lobo :      GwD      :
                                                              \---------------/
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD46
