GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
   T h e  G R E E N Y  w o r l d  D o m i n a t i o n  T a s k  F o r c e ,
                            I n c o r p o r a t e d
                                   Presents:
                                   __    __      888888888    333333333
          _____          ____    _|  |__|  |_   888     888  33      333
         //             |    \  |_    __    _|  888     888         333
        ||  ____        | || |    |  |  |  |     888888888        333
        ||    || \    / | || |   _|  |__|  |_   888     888         333
         \\___//  \/\/  |____/  |_    __    _|  888     888          333
                                  |__|  |__|    888     888  33      333
                                                 888888888    333333333

                 "A Semester in Russia, Part 3" by Yancey Slide

  ----- GwD:  The American Dream with a Twist -- of Lime ***** Issue #83 -----
            ----- release date:  01-03-01 ***** ISSN 1523-1585 -----

[Yancey Slide, Head of GwD Undercover Operations, spent the spring semester of
2000 in St. Petersburg, Russia "studying."  This is Part 3 of the declassified
version of his account of the trip.  Parts 1 & 2 are gwd77.txt and gwd78.txt,
respectively.  Part 4 will be released when it has been cleared by the GwD
Council.  Maybe.]

March 11 (continued) - Egypt Day One

    The hotel, the Lillyland, is on a stretch of highway south of Hurghada lined
    on one side by hotels and on the other by a desert filled with unbelievable
    mounds of trash. There were nice clean pristine patches of desert, too, but
    everything near the hotels was like a landfill. Once the bus turned into the
    hotel, though, everything was copasetic. There was a huge gate fronting the
    road, which led into a short road back to the main hotel. Inside the lobby
    we surrendered our passports and got our room keys, but only after fending
    off more avaricious porters and negotiating a metal detector. Virginia said
    later that one of the big fat Russian guys we thought were mafia waited by
    the metal detector until no one was watching, then slipped around it. Nice
    to know our fellow tourists were well armed.

    The rooms were laid out in a kind of village behind the lobby/administration
    building, centered around the outdoor pool, beach, restaurant, cafe, bar,
    theater, indoor pool, med clinic, convenience store, and shopping complex.
    It was a full service resort. Our room was off to one side, on the edge of
    the complex facing the road out to the highway. The rooms, except for the
    triples, were one room with an attached bathroom and a nice little porch;
    sliding glass doors were the only way into or out of the rooms. The triples
    had a couple of bedrooms and a couple of porches. Justin and Claire had a
    room to themselves, Megan had a single (since she was arriving late), Dan
    and Molly and Ginnie had dibs on a triple, leaving me to room with Michelle.
    I was less than pleased. Michelle is not exactly an easy person to get along
    with, much less cohabitate with, but what could I do? I pondered murder, but
    it didn't really seem to fit with the whole *vacation* theme. I got a cot
    from the hotel staff and we all trundled off to dinner.

    The meals were a lavish spectacle. Breakfast and dinner were paid for, and
    there was plenty of food to tide one over through lunch. It was a huge
    buffet-style spread, with international food and a few Egyptian staples.
    It was delicious. We were all tired of Russian food, with its emphasis on
    quantity over quality, strength of taste over tastiness, its reliance on
    sour cream (smetana), pickled everything, dill on everything, and garnish
    everywhere. The restaurant meals, therefore, were a welcome break. Every
    night we ate to bursting, and reveled in the sheer conspicuous consumption
    of it. Ginnie showed off her artistic side, turning plates of food into
    sculptures of farm animals and funny faces. Quite the talent.

    After dinner that first night, we retired to Dan and Molly's room to
    socialize. We sat on the porch and talked and made shadow animals long into
    the night, then hit the sack for a big day on the town.

March 12 - Egypt Day Two

    Didn't do much today. Just signed up for the two optional excursions (Desert
    Safari and Cairo; I really wanted to see Luxor, but it was too expensive),
    lay on the beach, and enjoyed the warm weather.

    We chartered a paddle boat from the hotel and tooled around the bay for
    awhile. The water was beautiful, and we had a great time just paddling
    around and diving off the back. Justin and Claire walked along the beach
    on the side of the bay; Justin in his normal exuberant style managed to
    stomp on a sea urchin, and spent the rest of the week limping along.
    [postscript: Justin got his revenge. Before we left he found the urchin and
    bombarded it with rocks from the beach. That'll teach it.]

    After another superhumanly huge dinner, we told each other that we'd go back
    to our rooms for a bit to clean up and relax, then meet up at the triple
    room to chat and have a good time. Of course, after that much food, we all
    fell asleep instead. It was kind of a theme for the week; almost every day
    we'd make plans to get together late at night to hang out and chat, and we
    almost always wound up passed out after dinner instead.

March 13 - Egypt Day Three

    Today was the desert safari excursion. I wasn't sure what to expect, but I
    would never have thought it would as unbelievably wonderful as it was. We
    started early in the morning, when a few Jeeps pulled up to the hotel. There
    were three or four cars, some of which were already full from other hotels.
    We slipped in with the Russian tourists, but the guy in the full Nike track
    suit driving our car figured out that we were Americans pretty quickly. He
    was excited, since he doesn't get a chance to use English very often, and
    for the rest of the day he took good care of us. His name was Alex; we found
    out later that he owns Saif Tours (an incredible misnomer, there's nothing
    safe about them), which ran the safari, and he was a blast. He threw an arm
    around me and told me to sit up front with him and the other driver, and
    everyone else filed into the back (which was just a couple of benches bolted
    on to the floor running the length of the car). As we were leaving, a couple
    of guys with big, professional video cameras came running out of the hotel
    and vaulted up on the roofs of the cars. We pulled out and hit the highway,
    bumper to bumper with the Jeep ahead of us, the cameraman sitting on top
    grinning at me the whole way.

    After a few minutes on the highway (with Alex racing the other Jeep down the
    road, occasionally driving on the wrong side of the road or swerving around
    donkey carts) we pulled off onto a dirt road and stopped. We waited there
    for about twenty minutes for the rest of the convoy. Molly passed the time
    dancing to the tape deck of one of the other cars and getting to know some
    of the Russians in the group. One of the big fat Mafia types was with us; he
    told Molly that he lived in the south and was here on vacation. When she
    asked what he did for a living, he got very quiet, looked at her for a
    minute, and said, "Manager." He never did say what he was a manager of.
    There was a woman with him, whom I gave fifty-fifty odds of being either
    wife or mistress, and some kids at the hotel, but the little ones didn't
    come along on the excursion. They were both actually pretty nice people.

    Once the other cars showed up, Alex jumped in the car and got us going
    again. I was lucky to be up front, because it was the ride of my life. We
    literally raced across the desert offroading upwards of 100 kilometers
    (60 miles) an hour. We bounced so hard I had to keep one hand on the ceiling
    to keep my head from knocking, but the best part was the enthusiasm. All of
    the drivers were obviously having a great time, shouting and singing along
    to the wailing Arabic music from the cars and gesturing to each other. Alex
    loved to let another car pull ahead of him, then rev the engine and, still
    going fifty or sixty miles and hour, run up behind the other car and touch
    bumpers to give the people in the back a thrill. The looks on their faces
    were hilarious. Other times, it was a simple race to see who could top a
    ridge or cross a flat first. Sometimes, Alex or another driver would pull
    up next to another car and the diver would chat with the guy in the
    passenger seat for a minute or so, close enough to kiss, without ever
    slowing down. Alex's favorite trick was to swerve in close to another car,
    reach out and bang on the side with his hand, gradually speeding up until he
    could give a high five to whoever was in the front seat. The view from the
    front seat was spectacular. The pictures are pretty sedate, until you look
    at the dust plumes and realize how fast we were going. We won almost all of
    the races, which might have had something to do with the fact that all of
    the drivers worked for Alex.

    When we finally got where we were going, we pulled into a Bedouin village on
    the edge of the mountain range. I'm sure the village is just used for
    tourists, but it was impressive all the same. It was a collection of small,
    open stone buildings and a few wooden huts. All of the other guests on the
    safari were pulled off into small groups, and went through the village on
    mini-tours through set stations. Alex pulled us off to the side, gave us a
    little shady spot all to ourselves, and said that we wouldn't have to sit
    "with all of those others." He brought us tea, and told us to wander around
    at our leisure and to look at anything we wanted. We really got the royal
    treatment. We chatted with a couple of the drivers, Claire took a hit off
    their hookah (some kind of rose tobacco), and we poked around the village.
    Molly and I followed a little boy and his goat at the edge of the buildings,
    where two Bedouin women were making bread. We didn't share any languages,
    but they gave us all the bread we wanted hot from the griddle, and it was
    incredible. Molly made friends with the village dog, a yellow mutt who loved
    to play. Molly, ever obliging, played with him all day long. Of course, when
    he wasn't eating bread from her hand, he was eating camel dung from the
    ground, but Molly didn't let that spoil her fun.

    When we'd seen the village, we started hiking through the desert. Not far
    from the village was the well, which was unbelievably picturesque. I'm not
    sure if the well was really used or not, but it was in the middle of a
    clear, sandy patch at the base of a stony hill, with one wind-swept stunted
    tree shading it. It was really something to see. I went hiking away from the
    well, and wound up in the pass in the mountains. I got a good ways into the
    pass, but finally it was too choked with rocks to go any further. The sun
    cut through the channel in the rock, and I could feel the difference in
    temperature going from the sunlit pass to the shadows under the ridge. I
    could almost feel the pressure of the light from the desert sun. I sat and
    watched a train of camels circle then enter the village, and decided to come
    back.

    It was a good thing that I did, since it was time for the requisite camel
    rides. The Bedouins who used the village acted as mahouts, leading the
    camels while tourists rode. One of the guides was a girl who was maybe eight
    years old, dressed in bright flowing robes. She was incredibly cute, and she
    knew it. She'd pose with her camel for all of the tourists, leaning against
    the saddle with a tough look on her face. When she was guiding the camel,
    she'd tie the lead rope around her waist since she wasn't strong enough to
    pull the camel against its will. If the camel gave her trouble, she'd punch
    it in the nose to keep it in line. She was definitely one of our favorite
    people on the trip.

    Camel riding is definitely an acquired taste. Granted, we were only kind of
    riding, since the guides were pulling the brutes, but it's still a bouncy
    experience. The saddles are only marginally more comfortable than riding
    bareback, and camels don't have suspension. Mounting is easy, but
    dismounting has a trick to it. The trick is that the camel drops to its
    knees, meaning you fall about six feet and land with a hard leather saddle
    between your knees. It's a little startling at first, and it feels a lot
    like being kicked in the butt. The rides were a great experience, though,
    and it reminded me more than a little bit of being pulled on a donkey on the
    ranch in Mexico when I was a kid. I named the camel I was on "Don't Pull
    Me" after that donkey.

    After we'd finished seeing everything in the village, we piled into the vans
    for another short little trip. We went a few miles over into the mountain
    range, up a broad sandy approach to one of the peaks. It was a short climb
    from there to the top of the mountain; the string of people climbing and
    walking along the trail made me feel more than a little bit like a
    supplicant on a pilgrimage. When we got to the top, we strung out along the
    peak to watch the sunset. I can't possibly describe how beautiful it was.
    The sun went down over the mountains, and the rocky desert looked so pure
    and clean and wonderful that it was a powerfully spiritual experience. I'll
    count myself a lucky man if I see the like of it even just one more time in
    my life. It was a little bit melancholy, though; Dan and Molly and Justin
    and Claire went off as couples to enjoy the experience. It was the kind of
    thing you should really see with someone close to you to fully appreciate
    it. There was a German woman sitting by herself near me, and I think she was
    feeling more or less the same thing. I kind of like to think that we bonded
    a little bit.

    The sun is supposed to set quickly in the desert, but I felt like I had been
    sitting there for days by the time it got dark. The catharsis was
    refreshing, and I was sad to leave when we mounted back up for the ride back
    to the village. Once we arrived, we all went in as a group to eat the meal
    that they'd been cooking for us inside. I'm not too familiar with Middle
    Eastern cuisine, so suffice it to say that it was good, good food. We ate
    three or four platefuls apiece, chatted with Alex some more, and enjoyed
    more special treatment (we were first to be served, first to get seconds,
    first for everything).

    After dinner we drove back to the hotel, which was a much more peaceful and
    sedate ride. We stopped halfway back, and Alex turned off the headlights and
    took us onto a small dune to look at the stars. He tried to teach us the
    Arabic names of some of the constellations, but the language barrier got in
    the way. We were a bit distracted, since we weren't really dressed for night
    in the desert and were pretty cold. We were happy to get inside, and happy
    to get back to our rooms, but that day in the desert is one of my strongest
    and most pleasant memories of the entire time I was abroad. Out of all of
    the cathedrals and monasteries I visited, that mountain was probably the
    most spiritually significant place for me, and I was deeply gratified by the
    experience. The time I spent traveling was something beyond anything I've
    ever experienced. I know for a fact that I'm a different person now than
    when I left, that I've changed after what I've seen and felt. That night in
    the desert was a large part of that, partly because I was ready for a
    spiritual experience. In a way, I guess, the mountain came to me.

March 14th - Egypt Day Four

    We didn't have anything special planned for today, so we decided to hit the
    town. Ginnie and Michelle had been the day before, while the rest of us were
    in the desert, and Justin and Claire wanted to go by themselves later, so
    Dan and Molly and I walked out to the road to hitch a ride into the city. We
    hired a cab and rode north to the city of Hurghada proper; we were told that
    the original city had been based on trade around a nearby port, but with the
    growth of inland cities the highway and tourist trade were more important
    now. Most jobs in Hurghada are based somehow on the tourist industry, so we
    didn't have any trouble with languages. Almost everyone spoke either English
    or Russian. We were dropped off in the middle of the marketplace, and we
    started to wander. There were police everywhere, dressed in a nondescript
    black uniform with no real patches or badges. The assault rifles slung
    across their backs were enough to tell people they were the man.

    We figured out the ground rules pretty quickly. Looking at merchandise,
    making eye contact with the vendors, smiling or breathing were invitations
    to be harangued by vendors. Shops were everywhere, from blankets spread in
    alleys to large, air conditioned tastefully decorated stores. Molly was
    sharp enough to dress pretty conservatively; although she must have been hot
    in slacks and a long sleeve shirt, she’s well-traveled enough to know that
    its better to follow local customs and grouse about how unfair they are in
    private. Still, if she walked more than a few paces ahead of Dan or me,
    she'd get dirty looks and at least once a motorist honked and yelled at her.
    She didn't let it bother her, though; the only thing that really disturbed
    her was when we walked through the non-touristy part of the market and saw
    butchers slaughtering animals. Truth tell, it almost put me off of meat. It
    was awfully hot and unsanitary to be butchering meat outside, and the sounds
    were a little, well, off-putting. The real kicker was the man sleeping (I
    hope) underneath a butcher's table, covered in flies.

    We lived, though the chickens didn't, and found our way back to the more
    cosmopolitan section of the city. I’d love someday to go back and study the
    way the market was organized. Barkers were everywhere, trying to get us to
    come to their shop and see their wares. If we didn't see anything we liked
    (or, more often, weren’t willing to pay the incredibly inflated prices),
    they'd encourage us to go to their ‘friend’s’ shop. At one of these
    "friend's" stores I saw the owner slip the first guy a handful of costume
    jewelry as he ushered us in. The stores shared customers, staff, and
    apparently merchandise in some kind of complex pattern. I don’t know if it
    was an official arrangement, or just swapping customers in exchange for a
    little gratuity, or quite how it all worked, but it was a well orchestrated
    and rehearsed process. At one of these stores, a barker asked us to go look
    at his friend's merchandise; when we demurred, he promised us that we'd find
    something we liked. We went in, and some unbelievably pricey silver jewelry
    and plates and such. Molly was ticked. She stomped outside and found the
    barker, and told him that she didn't like the shop. That didn't seem to
    bother him very much, but she was insistent.

    "You promised us that we'd like that store. I didn't like it," she said.

    He looked a little askance, and without looking directly at her, said, "It's
    a very nice store..."

    "It's too expensive!" she snapped. "Now you owe us something." That took him
    by surprise.

    "All right," he conceded. "Come to my store and I give you something."

    So we followed him through a web of alleys and narrow streets and wound up
    at a very nondescript shop with, in my opinion, much better (and cheaper)
    wares than the first place. Mostly stoneware, with a few blankets and cotton
    shirts for variety. He took Molly's hand, and asked her if she knew anything
    about henna. He fished the tools out of a basket under the counter, and
    began to henna Molly's hand while Dan watched and I browsed the store. I
    found a very starkly handsome stone bowl, and argued over the price while
    the shopkeeper inked a very intricate design on Molly's forearm. I had read
    up on Arabic numerals before we left the hotel so that I could read
    pricetags, and I was sure that he was inflating the price from the sticker
    on the bottom of the bowl. I found out later that I had been reading it
    wrong and he was right, and felt terrible for doubting it to his face, but
    we walked out of that store very happy. Molly had a very artistic flowing
    and flowering pattern inked into her skin, and I got a good deal on my find.
    As we were leaving, I heard what I thought was music and poked my head
    around the back door of the shop; I almost stumbled over two men kneeling in
    supplication and prayer. Aside from some airport employees as we left the
    country, those were the only people I saw in Egypt at prayer even in the
    bustling city.

    We found another cab to take us back to the hotel and went home for a good
    meal and a good night's sleep - we were supposed to be up at two a.m. the
    next morning for the Cairo expedition. The experience in the city was
    extremely interesting. I'd thought that Russian culture was profoundly
    different from my American lifestyle, and in its way, it is. Just one day in
    an Egyptian city, though, threw a new perspective on things. As alien as
    Petersburg seems at times, it's infinitely more familiar and homelike than
    Egypt. I'm not sure if that's a good thing or not.

March 15th/16th - Egypt Day Five and Six

    The telephone got me out of bed, but I didn't really wake up until the girl
    on the other end started yelling. I was disoriented enough that I still
    don't know if it was Ginnie, Megan, or Claire, but someone was telling me
    that I was supposed to be on the bus right now! and where was I?! and
    everyone's waiting!!! I guess I overslept, but I might as well blame it on
    Michelle: she ignored the wakeup call. Or turned off the alarm. Or
    something. Anyway, we were really late for the bus. I grabbed everything I
    thought I'd need for the day excursion and stuffed it into a bag and bolted
    for the lobby. QT Guy (the man who met us at the airport) was not amused,
    and neither were any of the people already on the hell bus. There was the
    usual assortment of Russians and Germans, but at least I wasn't the real
    focus of their irritation. Michelle was even later than I was, so I got to
    pretend that I was perfectly on schedule and I was as put off as they were.

    The hell bus was, well, the bus from hell. The seats were built for
    underweight Oompaloompas[see GwD55], and I physically couldn't sit normally
    in one of them. My legs just wouldn't fit. Although the bus was crowded, my
    friends let me have a double seat to myself so that I could sit sideways in
    some measure of comfort (or at least lessened misery). The bus eventually
    set out and, after picking up some more passengers at another hotel, motored
    north towards Cairo. The scenery was really very beautiful, once the sun
    rose, but I had levered myself into a semi-reclined position and drifted off
    into a pain-induced hallucinatory coma. I didn't really wake up until we got
    to the rest stop from hell, which was actually rather pleasant (except for
    the food and the bathrooms).

    Finally, we got to Cairo. Our first stop was to pick up Dinah, our tour
    guide. We got our own guide to speak English to us, which was really great
    of the tour company. We talked to her at length over the course of the day.
    Apparently, she's a doctor (or possibly a medical aid) and practiced in
    Britain, since she couldn't practice in Egypt. She said that she spends some
    time every year in Egypt, and works as a tour guide to pay bills while she's
    at home. An odd arrangement, but she was a great guide. Aside from pointing
    out the normal touristy things, she answered most of our questions about
    Egypt as a whole, the language, the culture, the whole kebab.

    One of the first things she explained to us was the rationale behind the
    skeletal buildings we saw everywhere. As we drove into Cairo, it looked like
    downtown Belgrade. Highrise apartment buildings were open to the elements,
    with naked girders and superstructures. People obviously lived in the
    unfinished parts of the buildings, though; Dinah explained that completed
    buildings are subject to a special tax. Unless the owners or the occupants
    were reasonably affluent, then, it's apparently common for residences in
    that part of town to be left perpetually "under construction." It means that
    poorer families live in half-finished buildings, but I suppose that's better
    than living on the street. We saw plenty of that.

    The other nagging question she solved for us was the rationale behind the
    tent on every corner offering freshly slaughtered meat. It was like the
    entire city was host to a butcher's convention. In a way, it was; Dinah told
    us that it's a special Muslim festival that's celebrated by slaughtering and
    eating meat. A kind of three-day meatfest. I think it sounds like a pretty
    good idea. It gave the city a particularly...unique bouquet for the day we
    were there. Not unpleasant, just kind of "ripening goat carcass"-ish.

    We had lunch at a wonderful little downtown cafe, with the pyramids looming
    in the background. It must be nice to have that kind of view out your window
    every day, but I suppose it'd lose its charm after awhile. Heading to the
    pyramids after lunch, we passed over the Nile, which was a little
    anticlimactic. Nice, but not the kind of thing they stop the tour bus for.

    What they do stop the bus for is the Egyptian National Museum. The museum
    was fantastic - it's an enormous building, stuffed to the gills with
    artifacts and exhibits that are just unbelievable. The smallest side room
    would be the centerpiece of almost any other museum in the world. A bit
    limited in scope, of course, but the variety of holdings even in a museum
    dedicated to ancient Egypt surprised me. There was the expected smattering
    of canopic jars and burial accoutrements, plus Tutenkhamen's regalia, but
    there were also wonderful exhibits of art and sculpture that really
    impressed me. We didn't have much time in the museum, but Dinah did her best
    to show us everything important without skimping on the running commentary
    that gave everything a nice context.

    After the museum, we moved on to the real reason behind the trip - the
    pyramids. We stopped at the edge of the plateau (the pyramids overlook
    modern Cairo from Giza, outside of town) to admire them from afar and to get
    a sense of their scale. After we'd oohed and ahhed and taken a few pictures,
    the bus drove us down into the sea of tourists at the foot of the monuments.

    Seeing the pyramids was a wonderful experience. While it didn't have the
    deeply personal resonance of the desert safari, I feel good that I've done
    one of those things you're supposed to do before you die. We had the chance
    to go inside the pyramids, but we demurred. There's nothing left inside
    them, so it seemed ridiculous to waste the time when there was so much to
    see on the outside. We climbed as high as we could without getting hassled
    by the camel-mounted police, took rolls of film of each other, and took
    turns being harassed by the locals.

    By "locals," I don't mean Egyptians. I mean the people who earn a living
    burning tourists around the pyramids. My own experience was pretty mild. I
    walked to the edge of the plateau to get a picture of the skyline over the
    Sphinx's head, and was followed the entire way by a kid who was maybe ten
    years old riding a camel. He kept riding into my shot, yelling that I needed
    a picture of him. I didn't bother, since he obviously wanted to money for
    the privilege, but he finally haggled the price down to nothing. So to keep
    him quiet I took a picture (which turned out pretty well) of him striking a
    pose with his camel. Naturally, the price shot back up to five pounds, and
    he wanted to be paid. I wasn't about to pay the little confidence man, so I
    walked back to the busses. He followed me the whole way, screaming in at
    least three different languages. Three or four even younger kids took up the
    banner, and I was seriously worried about getting my pocket picked by the
    time I got back to the bus from hell. As we got away from the edge of the
    plateau, though, other beggars and camel-ride hucksters chased the kids off;
    I guess they were chasing business across somebody else's territory. It was
    irritating, but nothing compared to what Ginnie and Molly and Megan went
    through. A crowd of kids, who were pinching and grabbing at them the whole
    way, chased them all the way to the bus. Cultural relativism is one thing,
    but there's no excuse for that kind of thing. QT Guy seemed pretty incensed
    that people would be that crude, but Dinah just kind of shrugged it off. The
    ladies didn't let it bother them, though. By the time we got to the Sphinx
    everyone had more or less forgotten it.

    The Sphinx was amazing. We drove around the plateau in the bus and came
    around the front. The Sphinx sits with its back to the pyramids, more or
    less facing the city. Approaching it from the front, with the Sphinx staring
    at you with the pyramids over its shoulder clouded in blowing sand, is the
    closest I'll ever come to being Indiana Jones. Dinah explained the story
    behind the Sphinx. In a nutshell, it started out as an outcropping of harder
    stone uncovered during the construction of the pyramids. The ruler at the
    time had it worked into a ritualistic guardian/monument to his rule, and
    it's commonly believed that his face was the model for the Sphinx's
    features. It's been there so long that thousands of years passed during
    which the locals had no idea where it had come from. I think she said that
    its name means "fear" or "terror" in Arabic, but I'm not sure that I
    remember that right. She mentioned that the story of Napoleon's soldiers
    shooting off its nose isn't true. Slaves, taken as children from Eastern and
    Southern Europe, rose up hundreds of years ago and took power in the region.
    They were responsible for defacing the monument, according to her.

    At the foot of the Sphinx is an old, ruined temple that was used for
    veneration. The temple is completely gone, worn away by time and thousands
    of years of visitors and robbers; all that's left is the stone foundation,
    the walls and pillars that made up the rooms, and indentations in the floor
    marking where altars and idols stood. The ceiling is gone, so the effect is
    a small stone canyon cut into the ground, since the temple is below ground
    level. There's not really anything to see here, since it's just the basic
    foundations that are left, but the temple felt older than anything else we
    saw in Cairo. It was so worn and used that it just exuded a sensation of
    age, even with crowds of tourists coursing through it.

    Coming up and out of the temple, we found ourselves on a low stone wall that
    ran parallel to the Sphinx. To be so close to it was just unbelievable.
    Dinah showed us how to "kiss the Sphinx" (if you stand facing the Sphinx in
    profile, a photo makes it look like you're face to face with it) and told us
    more about its construction and preservation efforts. The Egyptian
    government is trying hard to restore and preserve the monuments as much as
    possible, but with such a huge influx of tourists it takes all the money and
    resources they can muster just to prevent any further degradation. Frequent
    sandstorms and the tourist traffic take their toll on the projects the
    government does carry out to preserve the sites; in the end, there just
    isn't enough money to give all of the monuments, temples, and pyramids the
    full attention they need.

    We were pulled away from the Sphinx earlier than we wanted, since the tour
    bus had a strict schedule to keep. As we were leaving the temple, Dinah
    slipped a fistful of cash into the hand of what looked like a random guy
    standing around the entrance. She explained, in a roundabout way, that he
    was a kind of guard or minder at the site. When she had a group coming by
    after hours or when the site was closed, he'd let her take them in anyway.
    In exchange, he got a nice little tip whenever she came through with a
    group. That kind of deal is apparently pretty common. As we left, we thought
    we might be seeing more museums, but they had other plans for us. We were
    taken first to a rather pleasant papyrus shop, where a Ghanian woman did a
    demonstration of how papyrus is made and what makes it different from paper.
    It was just a sales pitch, really, but it was still kind of interesting. I
    bought a pair of small papyrus prints, but forgot them at the hotel when we
    left the country. We got bored quickly in the shop, and moved outside to sit
    on the steps in the breeze. That was probably the most pleasant part of the
    excursion - the picture of us resting on the steps is the best shot I have
    of the friends I traveled with. After the papyrus shop, we were taken to a
    perfumery, a jeweler's, and a handicraft shop. Each one was more boring and
    pointless than the last. None of us could afford the few things that seemed
    worth buying, and most of it was just crap. The tour company obviously had a
    deal with the stores to take patrons by at the end of the excursion. The
    Russian mafioso didn't seem to mind shopping at all, but we got a little
    testy. In the perfumery in particular some of us got downright Ugly
    American. It was embarrassing, but we were all frustrated that they'd cut
    our time in the museum and at the pyramids short so they could scratch some
    shopkeeper's back. Irritating, but our night was just beginning.

    After we'd made the shopping rounds, we pulled out on the same hell bus we
    came in on. I wasn't paying attention as we left the last store and almost
    boarded another tour bus, but Molly and Dan stopped me. Later, I almost
    wished they hadn't. Just as we were leaving Cairo, the bus driver crested a
    huge speed bump (or maybe a curb) by hitting the gas as hard as he could.
    About four hours later, I woke up from a fitful sleep; I couldn't figure out
    what it was at first, but someone pointed out that there was a rhythmic
    thumping coming from just under our seats. The bus stopped, and the driver
    and guides got out (sans Dinah, who stayed in Cairo) to look around. When
    they got back on the bus, they looked less than pleased, but we pressed on.
    The bus stopped and the inspection tour was repeated a couple of times in
    the next hour or so, but we kept going until we got the rest stop from hell.
    This was the same stop we'd visited on the way down, and the tour company
    definitely had some kind arrangement with them. That shadowy you-scratch-
    my-back-and-I'll-scratch-yours arrangement that kept cropping up. The
    shopkeepers in the bazaar had deals with each other, Dinah had an
    arrangement with all of the monument people, the tour company had a hand in
    all the pots; normally it was nothing to worry about, but this time the bus
    driver had pushed too far too hard on a bad tire to get to the rest stop he
    had a deal with. It was an inside tire, so there was no way it could be
    fixed easily, but rather than stopping outside of Cairo where he'd torn it
    on the bump, we wound up halfway between Hurghada and Cairo. The guides'
    cellphones wouldn't work this far out of a major town, so there wasn't much
    anyone could do. We didn't know any of this, of course. They told us it was
    a simple rest stop, and we trundled off inside to get a snack and use the
    restroom (free, since the kid taking money at the door wasn't working late).

    A couple of hours went by before we fully realized what was happening. We'd
    figured out that the bus wasn't running fairly early on, but we didn't
    really know what was happening until about midnight, when someone looked
    around and realized that most of the Russians were gone! The tour company
    had called from the rest stop for another bus, but it was a smaller taxi
    that showed up and took everyone it could fit. The guides didn't bother to
    tell us that everyone else was leaving. In retrospect, I can understand why.
    There wasn't room for us, and if someone had to stay at the rest stop for
    another few hours, better the young college students than the elderly
    couples that made up most of the rest of the group. We weren't in an
    understanding mood, though. We were tired, hungry, angry, and pretty
    fatalistic about the whole thing. We wound up watching the movie Speed
    subtitled in Arabic on the tiny little TV inside the rest stop, while others
    tried to sleep on the bus. It was getting cold outside, though, and no one
    had really brought warm enough clothing to sleep on an unheated bus. It
    squatted by the road, leering at us the whole time. The guides got us a free
    dinner apiece, but our appetites were spoiled by the horrible, evil thing
    that had stranded us there.

    Another hour or so went by before the second "bus" arrived. It was also a
    taxi, basically a minivan. There were the eight of us, plus three or four
    Russians who had also missed the first bus. Among the Russians were a young
    woman and her daughter; Dan and Molly had met her on the first bus and
    already hated her, although I never did learn why. They did learn that her
    husband was an American diplomat, and she was here on vacation. She kept
    fobbing her daughter off on an older woman who might have been her mother;
    the little girl must have been miserable, but she never complained that I
    heard. We did. There simply weren't enough seats for everyone on the bus. A
    few people dug their heels in and insisted on another taxi, but we realized
    that we couldn't split the group up and ask a few people to spend another
    three hours in the rest stop. No one there spoke decent English, of course
    none of us spoke any Arabic - in a word, we were stuck. Well, I was stuck.
    In the front seat, with the driver and Michelle. It was a carnival of fear
    and misery. When we finally pulled out, everyone else was crammed in the
    back. I could hear them arguing about who got a seat and who had to crouch;
    there wasn't even enough room to sit on the floor back there. I was in the
    middle in the front seat, sitting on the folded down armrest. The driver
    spoke only a very few words of English (unfortunately those words didn't
    include "left" or "right") and no Russian, and Michelle was in full bitch
    mode. The driver had the windows rolled down so that he could smoke. That
    irritated most of us, since it was cold and the smoke stank, but I thought
    better of trying to ask him not to smoke. It was about three a.m. by this
    point, and I wouldn't have cared if he was snorting cocaine as long as it
    kept him awake.

    Ironically enough, the Russian woman with the daughter was snorting cocaine.
    I didn't know about it until after we got back, since I was up front, but
    they said that every so often she’d pull a compact out of her purse, pile
    some powder on the back of her hand, and snort it up. With her daughter
    sleeping right next to her, of course. I didn't see any of it, but I had my
    own concerns. The driver's music (the ever-present wailing Arabic tapes
    scattered on the dash of every car we saw or rode in) bothered Michelle, and
    she kept bitching about it. Her solution to the language barrier was to
    speak English slowly, condescendingly, and loudly, but we finally got her to
    understand that at that point, she had to be quiet or we'd pitch her
    overboard. The driver had enough on his mind. Every time we passed another
    car on the narrow two-lane highway, each driver would flash their brights
    two or three times then turn off their headlights! I can only assume that
    the point is to keep from blinding the other driver, but it scared the hell
    out of me. A pair of headlights would float up out of the desert over the
    horizon, explode into bright light a couple of times, then wink out. A few
    seconds later, the car would whiz by us in the opposite direction. I didn't
    have any trouble staying awake for the three hours it took us to get back to
    Hurghada.

    Odd as it sounds, as unpleasant as the drive was it was also one of the most
    beautiful experiences I had in Egypt. Every so often, as we drove along with
    the beach invisible in the night on our left-hand side, we could see the
    light from huge bonfires. Sometimes they were close enough to see the fires
    themselves, and the people standing around them as silhouettes. The driver
    tried to explain what was happening, but neither of us could understand the
    other. Later, I learned that it was part of the Muslim festival that we'd
    been told about in Cairo. The drive was a real test of endurance, but the
    image of those bonfires lighting our way home will stay with me for the rest
    of my life.

    We finally got back to Hurghada, and after the drive had dropped off our
    resident cokehead and her family in town we managed to guide the driver to
    the Lillyland. It wasn't easy, since we weren't really sure of the way and
    he couldn't understand us, but we got there. It was light by this time; we'd
    spent the entire night traveling in incredible discomfort. The lobby of the
    hotel was an incredibly welcome sight. The hotel staff insisted that we take
    boxed dinners that had been prepared for us when they realized that we would
    be late, but food was the last thing we wanted to see. Bed, though - when I
    saw my cot I thought I was in heaven. I told Michelle that I didn't care if
    the mountain was coming to Mohammed, I was going to sleep and I didn't want
    to be disturbed. Since she had her own bed on the other side of the room, I
    thought I was in for a few hours of well-deserved rest. More the fool I.

    We'd had a little trouble with our bathroom all week. The shower had no
    curtain (common to most Russian and Eastern European hotels, too) so the
    bathroom flooded with every shower, the toilet ran, and there were never
    enough towels, but I really never cared. If the bathroom was flooded or
    there wasn't enough hot water, Dan and Molly and Ginnie had offered more
    than once to let us use their bathroom. That was enough for me. Michelle
    decided she had to shower before she went to bed, and I guess the hot water
    cut out on her. I woke up when she came storming out of the bathroom and
    snatched up the phone. She called the front desk and screamed, literally
    screamed, at the poor bastard who answered the phone for a couple of
    minutes. She eventually got bumped up to the manager, who sent some plumbers
    over to look at the shower. I decided that discretion was the better part of
    valor, and didn't mention that I hadn't really had any sleep for more than
    twelve hours, and I'd spent three hours twisted into a pretzel in the cab,
    that I was exhausted, or that the damned shower could wait until later.
    Instead, I pretended that I was asleep. I figured she'd get the hint. More
    the fool I.

    The plumbers showed up, and Michelle greeted them wearing only a towel. In a
    city where Molly got shouted at for walking down the street by herself
    wearing blue jeans and a long-sleeved shirt, I couldn't believe that
    Michelle would be foolish enough to not change clothes. The repairmen were
    consummate professionals, though. I already knew that they couldn't do
    anything; the hot water wasn't coming into our room, so it was pointless for
    them to be there. Everyone but Michelle knew that they'd been sent round
    just to placate her. So they banged around in the bathroom for a while, then
    came out and said, yep, there's no hot water. I thought Michelle would take
    the hint and let them get on with their jobs and let me get on with my nap.
    More the fool I.

    I've never seen anyone as full of rage as she was. She screamed and shouted
    and griped and bitched and moaned, from the repairmen all the way up to the
    manager. By the time I realized what she was angling for, it was too late.
    She was demanding, with absolutely no tact or discretion, that she be given
    a new room. She at least had the consideration to tell them that I was
    perfectly happy with this room and that she was the one who needed new
    accommodations. She wasn't being selfish, she understood that I really was
    perfectly happy with the room and that I didn't want to move. It was our
    last full day in Egypt, and moving was not something I wanted to waste time
    doing. Resistance was futile, though. She got her way, but they wouldn't let
    me stay. If she moved, I had to move, and she was moving. She did get us
    separate rooms, which I appreciated more than I can say. I gathered up all
    my things, and Megan helped me move across the compound to our new digs. We
    had been put in what must have been the only rooms open, which were
    exquisite bungalows on the edge of the resort. They must have been for
    long-term renters, but we had them for the night. They were wonderful rooms,
    and I loved having a room to myself, but the way we got it was noxious to
    me. Michelle had been so rude and so prototypically Ugly American that Megan
    and I went to the management later and apologized on her behalf. They were
    never anything less than gracious and accommodating; if I ever go back to
    Hurghada, I'm definitely staying there. Especially if I happen to be
    traveling with a raving psychotic.

    After we finished moving, I went down to the beach and just floated in the
    water for what felt like hours. It was cathartic, purifying; I started out
    edgy, irritated, and worn to the bone, but when it was time for dinner I
    walked off that beach as calm and collected as I've ever been. Michelle and
    I never really did get on friendly terms, but I shouldn't be too harsh on
    her. She was under a lot of stress, and she handled it in what was, to her,
    the simplest and most direct way. Not the way I would have done things at
    all, but in the end, maybe I'm too passive and too proud of being patient
    and accommodating. She did get what she wanted, while I had been content to
    shower in cold water in a flooded bathroom. I can't really say which is
    better. I can say this - even after the hellish trip from Cairo, I refused
    to use the shower in the new room. It was a matter of principle.

March 17th - Egypt Day Seven

    We loaded up all of our bags and headed back to the airport. Waiting for the
    plane to Moscow was meant several hours in the terminal in the middle of an
    enormous crowd, but we managed. We met Lev and his wife, an elderly couple
    who were just finishing their vacation. He had been a sailor in the Soviet
    period, and apparently has an iceberg named after him. He was very
    talkative, and we passed the time chatting with them. We heard about their
    children and grandchildren, and generally got back into the habit of
    speaking Russian.

    Once the plane finally arrived, the flight back home was entirely
    uneventful. Once again the passengers all applauded when we landed in
    Moscow, which was bitterly cold. I was sad to leave Egypt, but happy to get
    back to Russia. Even taking the last day into consideration, the week in
    Egypt was an amazing experience that I wouldn't have traded for anything.
    All told, though, I like Russia more. The climate, the people, the food
    (well, no, not the food) agree with me more in Russia. Deplaning and
    collecting our baggage was simple and not too taxing, even as exhausted as
    we all were. The last image I have from the Egypt excursion was passport
    control in the Moscow airport. As we all stood in line, drooping under our
    bags and waiting for our turn to be stamped, we saw a woman breeze past the
    line with only a small handbag to the VIP kiosk, where she was stamped and
    sent on her way in just a few seconds. It was the woman from the taxi - her
    husband's diplomatic papers got her back into Russia with no fuss, muss, or
    baggage inspection.

[The original of this document can be found at http://chaos.greeny.org/~yance/]

-----------------------------<GwD Command Centers>------------------------------
                     GwDweb:  http://www.GREENY.org/
           GwD Publications:  http://gwd.mit.edu/
                              ftp://ftp.GREENY.org/gwd/
                  GwD BBSes:  C.H.A.O.S. - http://chaos.GREENY.org/
                              Snake's Den - http://www.snakeden.org/
                     E-Mail:  gwd@GREENY.org
             * GwD, Inc. - P.O. Box 16038 - Lubbock, Texas 79490 *
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                   "Everytime I see a midget, I get excited."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                -+- F Y M -+-

                         GR33NY LIK3S mash3d p0tat03s

MORE THAN FIVE YEARS of ABSOLUTE CRAP!                         /---------------\
copyright (c) MM Yancey Slide/GwD Publications                 :PRIME THE PUMPS:
textfile copyright (c) MM GwD, Inc.                            :      GwD      :
All rights reserved - reprinted by permission of the author    \---------------/
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD83
