The Unofficial Kasumi Ninja FAQ v1.5

Please send corrections, additions, comments to: svensson@bucknell.edu



Q. What is Kasumi Ninja?


A. Kasumi Ninja is the first released fighting game for the Atari Jaguar 64
Bit Multimedia System. It was released December 24, 1994.  The game is
being developed by Handmade Software (based in the U.K.) for Atari Corp.


Q. What is "special" about KN?


A. KN represents the first Digitized fighting game to rival/exceed the
visuals, violence and gameplay of the Mortal Kombat series of arcade games
on the Atari Jaguar. By using the Jaguar's advanced graphic and sound
capabilities, KN should be the first true "arcade" quality fighting game
available on the Jaguar. One other note is about the violence in this game.
This will undoubtedly be if not the bloodiest then one of the bloodiest
games in or out of the arcade. To this end, Atari has voluntarily placing a
warning on the outside and the inside of the game package that states the
game is for mature audiences.

NOTE: There will be a "gore" setting whereby the player can easily turn on
and off the gore in the options menu. Here are the availible settings:

1. None: No blood appears from hits to opponents., no blood from sword lifebars.

2. Combat: Blood sprays from opponents from every hit, but does not pool on
the ground. No blood from swords.

3. Disturbing: Very bloody! Blood sprays from the opponents, pools on the
ground and drips from the lifebar swords. The player cannot use a deathmove
at the end of a match in this setting.

4. Gore Fest: Yep! you got it!! All of the features from "disturbing" are
here, and you can dismember your opponent at the end of a round!!

The Parental Lockout Feature:
People at Atari were concerned about the graphic nature of the deathmoves
in Kasumi Ninja, so a lockout feature was added, so that when the lockout
is on, the game will function normally, but the player will not be able to
dismember his opponent at the end of a match. The lockout uses a 6 digit
code,
which CANNOT be reset using the conventional memory reset option. This way,
children cannot hack into the cart once the parent has set the lockout
code.


Q. How does the gameplay work?


A. Like in most fighting games, it is a tournament format where a player
fights one of the other characters which is being played by either the
computer or another human player. Each fighter has special moves specific
to him/her in addition to basic moves that all characters can do. The "life
gauge"
is a large samurai sword upon which blood accumulates the more the
character is hit. Blood periodically drips to the floor and stays there
throughout the round. Needless to say, all blows by an opponent cause
massive amounts of blood to fly. The game begins with the players chosing
their character. In a one player game the player also chooses his opponent
at this point. During this whole process there is great music playing. Once
both characters are selected, a door opens and players can run down the
hall to their fighting area. The background for the battle is determined by
who is the second player.

There is a ton of hidden stuff in the game, so dig around and experiment!!


Q. Who are the Characters and What is the Storyline?


A. The story takes place on the small island of Kasumi in the West Pacific
Rim. For many generations, the island has been the source of some of the
greatest Ninja Warriors. The existence of the island and its inhabitants is
a secret, and the secrecy has been maintained with the help of the Ninja
Gods. An
invisibility mist shrouds the island, making it undetectable, even by
modern technology such as satellites and radar. The Ninja Gods ensure that
no ships find it by diverting their course.

Recently, one of the eldest Ninjas, Gyaku, went berserk and killed all of
the other elders on the island. It is said that Gyaku is possessed by
spirits from the Demon World. Now, the Evil Ninja Gyaku has proclaimed
himself Lord of Kasumi Island.

The Ninja Gods have chosen you, a neophyte Ninja, to defeat Gyaku and
re-claim the Dragon Cloud Temple, where Gyaku is planning his overthrow of
the Island. The Dragon Cloud temple is said to have a portal to the Demon
World, and with such awesome power, Gyaku could not only rule Kasumi
Island, but he could very well rule the world.

The Gods cannot help you directly, but they can help you as the Ninja to
gain more confidence and skill. This is done by your Ninja character
assuming the persona of a great fighter from one of the world's fighting
races. Fighting as all of the characters, and defeating all of the
different characters will prepare
you for your final confrontation with Gyaku.

The way will be dangerous, but with the help of the Ninja Gods, you can
make it to face Gyaku, and destroy him before he unleashes his Demon
Minions.


Kasumi Ninja Characters


The characters will be explained in order starting to the right of the long
hallway the player sees at the character selection screen.

The Orange Ninja: Habaki

Habaki is the Eldest of the two Ninja brothers (by 10 minutes). of the
Kiri-ga-kure family. The Ninja Gods have chosen Habaki to face Gyaku
because he shows great promise as a Ninja Warrior. Habaki is very adept at
the Ninja skill of Teleportation.

Chagi: The Kickboxer

In his nation, Kick Boxer Chagi is undefeated. He has taken the art of Kick
Boxing and Martial Arts to their very limits. The Ninja Gods have chosen
his persona because of his great speed and agility.

Alaric, King of the Goths

The reason the Ninja Gods have chosen Alaric, King of the Goths, is well
known. Alaric was one of history's most feared and ferocious fighters.
Alaric helped to bring down the mighty Roman Empire, and conquered great
portions of Central Europe. Alaric is feared, because he possesses an
exploding Bamboo Stick which he found in battle. Alaric uses this Bamboo
Stick to keep his people loyal, as well
as to defend himself.


Thundra, The Amazon Queen

Now living on the island of Mazos near Somothrace. Thundra is the Amazon
that led her race to Victory over the Gargarians, and negotiated the
original treaty between the two races. The Ninja Gods have chosen her
because of her close relation to the animals of the jungle. This relation
has helped to make her
an agile and powerful warrior.

Danja, The Urban Gang Leader

Danja grew up to become the leader of a gang of fighting women. They spent
many years cleaning up their turf of lower street life. Danja fights using
the dirtiest street tricks she can come up with. She is well respected by
her sisters in the neighborhood. Danja has spent most of her life learning
to use the
Bolas as a powerful, and devastating weapon. She has developed an exploding
tip for the bolas that has proven to be deadly in combat, and, through
elimination, made her the leader of her gang.

Pakawa: The Comanche Indian Warrior

Pakawa is the Chief of the Comanche fighting tribe Tu-Wee-Kah. The
Tu-Wee-Kah were equivalent to the Greet Berets in their time. They were the
ones that were sent in first, to stealthily attack the opposition, and
disable key warriors. The rest of the tribe would then attack. Pakawa is
very adept with his hunting blade. He has collected many scalps to prove
his bravery, and fighting skill.

The Green Ninja: Senzo

Senzo is the younger of the Ninja Twins. The Gods have chosen him because
of his great speed, and agility with the Ninja art of throwing Fireballs.

Angus McGreggor: The Scottish Brawler

Angus is a burly fighter from the Highlands. He has spent his life
mastering the Caber Toss, and is known to use this special skill against
unwary opponents in battle. Angus has also learned the fine art of tossing
fireballs, although his delivery is somewhat unorthodox. Beware the Glasgow
Kiss!

Gyaku:

Gyaku is the boss character who basically looks identical to Habaki and
Senzo except he is garbed in gray. He has a variety of moves that he
executes very quickly.


Q. What sort of backgrounds are there?

A. There was one background made for each of the characters. Each of the
photo-realistic backgrounds will have some sort of moving element and
multiple layers of paralax scrolling. The Native American's background is
an Indian Reservation with a beautiful mountain scene with Teepees, horses
and
campfires (which are animated). There is also a "canyon" background for one
of the fighters and another "oriental" background that was nicer than the
dragon/dogs background as well. All backgrounds will have some sort of
moving element. One of the more notible parts of the background are the
floors,
which are comprised of many, many small polygons. These polys provide a
"tiled" appearance on many of the backgrounds and is visually stunning.


Execution of Special Moves:


ALARIC, KING OF THE GOTHS

SPECIAL MOVES:
Power Slide = C + half circle low from away to towards
Goth Hammer = C + towards, up
Dynamite toss = C + half circle away from down to up

DEATH MOVE: Dynamite mouth
C + away,towards,away,downtowards+B [Andy M]


ANGUS MCGREGGOR: THE SCOTTISH BRAWLER

SPECIAL MOVES:

Caber Toss = C + down, up
Head Butt = C + down, towards
Fireball = C + half circle high from away to towards
Throw = A + away
DEATH MOVE: "The Head Pummel"
C + towards, away, down


CHAGI: THE KICKBOXER


SPECIAL MOVES:

Fireball = C + away, towards, towards
Hammer Kick = C + away, up
Knee Slam = C + towards, towards, B
Throw = A + away

DEATH MOVE: Slams knee into crotch, buckling opponent over, then shoves
foot through the
opponents chest. C + away,towards,away,downtowards+A [Andy M]


DANJA, THE URBAN GANG LEADER

SPECIAL MOVES:

Bolas = C + away, away, away, towards (far)
Teleport = C + down, up, up (quickly!)
Crotch Grab = ?
Throat Spike = ?
Throw = A + away
DEATH MOVE: Exploding Bolas
C + away,up,away,up,away,up [Dan L]


HABAKI

SPECIAL MOVES:

Fireball = C + half circle low from away to towards
Ninja Teleport = C + then up,up
Whirlwind Kick = C + then away,away,towards,towards
Throw = A + away

DEATH MOVE: Power Head Smash
Cut in Half: C + away,up (must be close) [Brian O]


PAKAWA: THE COMANCHE INDIAN WARRIOR

SPECIAL MOVES:

Head Butt = C + towards, towards, towards (close)
Hunting Blade = C + half circle low from away to towards.
Buffalo Jump = C + back, up, up
Throw = B + away

DEATH MOVE: Scalping
C + half circle low from towards to away, twice


SENZO

SPECIAL MOVES:

Fireball = C + half circle low from away to towards
Ninja Teleport = C + up,up
Whirlwind Kick = C + away,away,towards,towards
Throw = A + away

DEATH MOVE: Power Head Smash
C + up,down (must be close) [Willbill]


THUNDRA, THE AMAZON QUEEN

SPECIAL MOVES:

Jungle Lunge = C + away, towards, towards (far)
Jungle Strike = C + towards, towards, towards (close)
Teleport = C + down, up
Bite opponent = ?
Throw = A + away

DEATH MOVE: Fly though opponent's upper body
C + up, towards, up, towards [Jeff S]


GYAKU: THE GREY NINJA aka (You'll see!)

He's the same same as Habaki and Senzo. Except he's grey. Also he can do a
few extra moves like
fireballs bounce off him and back at you and some fireballs pass though him.

When fighting Gyaku it's the best of 5.

Don't do a fatality on him while playing in Ninja God mode. :)


Thanks to:

       Die Hard Game Fan
       Travis Guy - Editor, Atari Explorer Online
       Gordon Craick - Writer, Frontier Magazine
       Barry Cantin - Writer, CAIN Newsletter
       Greg LaBrec - Writer, Atari Explorer Online
       Toh Khai Wee - Usenet News
       Rob Nicholson - Handmade Software
       Ted Taquechi - From Atari
       David Haupert - Attended SCES
       APE Online SCES Report
       David Glowacki - Attended SCES
       Jeff Schlich - Level 7 Software

This is an unofficial FAQ. It is in no way connected to or affiliated with
Atari Corporation or Handmade Software. It is provided merely for
informational and entertainment purposes. (enjoy!)

As moves and combos are discovered, please send them to me. This document
is far from final and may have several mistakes. All move combos have been
confirmed by Jeff Schlich (thanks Jeff!)


