
            The Unofficial Guide to Ticks and Combos in SFII
                      Copyright 1992. [trick :) ]

This is my contribution to the SFII netters.   I have spent the
past couple of weeks trying to compose this list of ticks and
combinations.  I hope this will help improve your games. Since
this is a first release, I'm sure that there will be mistakes in
it. Please email any corrections or additions to me,
lhuynh@reed.edu.

Thanks to these people for their help: rhett@u.washington.edu,
tpordon@isis.es.du.edu

A few abbreviations before we start. T will denote tick, AT  will
denote anti-tick, and C will denote combination. Since I do not
consider any ticks or combos cheap or unfair, my opinion of what
is a tick and what is a combo may differ from yours. Note also
that I did not include a counter for the combos, but if you want,
I'm sure I can write something up.

Guile:

    T: Guile crouches, does a series of jabs, then goes in for
the throw.  Guile stands, does a series of shorts, then goes in
for the throw.  When you have knocked your opponent down, go
toward your opponent, then pull the joystick to defensive crouch
and start jabbing. After a few jabs, go in for the throw.
Remember not to be predictable with the number of jabs you use.
The dangerous thing about this is that your opponent  can throw
you if you start your jabs to close to them.

    AT: The easiest way to get out of this tick is to reverse the
sucker when he goes in for the throw.  After the first jab, move
the joystick to offensive crouch (your character should still be
blocking). When Guile stops jabbing, and if he is still in your
throwing range, move the joystick to the forward position and
press strong or fierce to throw. The dangerous thing about this
is Guile can decide not to throw you, and do a flash kick
instead.  Similarly, if Guile does the short/throw tick, move the
joysticks to the center after the first short, then go for the
throw when Guile stops his shorts.  If you are Zangief, do the
spinning power driver after the jabs/shorts.

    T: Guile throws a slow sonic boom, and follows it in for the
throw.

   AT: There are several ways to counter this, but it can get
hard if Guile is close behind his sonic boom. If you are:

     1) Ken/Ryu, after you block the sonic boom, do a jab dragon
punch.  This should hit Guile if timed right.  You can also block
high, then when Guile is close enough, sweep him with roundhouse.
You can also move back then do a hurricane kick.


     2) Zangief, do the spinning power driver. If Guile is
anywhere near you, he'll get a headache.

     3) Honda, after blocking the sonic boom, do the thousand
hand slaps. This will hit Guile several times if he goes in to
throw you.  Be careful not to jump over Guile's sonic boom
when he's following in. He can always jump up to meet you in the
air, and throw you into the corner.

     4) Anyone else, just go for the throw. Remember to move the
joystick to the center after you block the sonic boom.  Then go
the throw immediately afterward.

    C: Jump into your opponent with the forward kick, do a crouch
strong or jab, then a forward Razor Kick.  Immediately after
executing the jump, pull the joystick to defensive crouch to
charge the Razor Kick. Don't wait to execute the Razor Kick after
the crouch strong.  If this is done successfully, your opponent
will not be able to block or sac, and he/she will come up
stunned.

    C: Jump into your opponent with fierce, pull the joystick
back to back defense. When you land (about 1/2 sec. later), do the
fierce upper cut, then immediately pull the joystick forward and
do the sonic boom. If your opponent has a little bit on energy
left, do the backhand immediately to finish your opponent off.
After the first three hits, your opponent should be stunned
again. Again, if this is done fast enough, your opponent cannot
do the sac throw.

    Note: When doing the Razor Kick, you can go from defensive
crouch to backward flip. In this way, you still have you sonic
boom charged when you are doing the Razor Kick. This is very
helpful if you do a lot of short Razor Kicks.


Ken/Ryu:

    T: Ken walks to his fallen opponent, and then does a series
of crouch or standing shorts, then goes for the throw.  It is
harder to reverse the crouch shorts, so I recommend doing that
instead. Walk up to your opponent after knocking him/her down,
pull the joystick back, and start the shorts. Then go for the
throw.  Again, remember to vary the number of shorts you use.


[Newscanning - General Stuff] - [99/99 ?/Help]:t


File name/number to type [?=List]: 40

            The Unofficial Guide to Ticks and Combos in SFII
                      Copyright 1992. [trick :) ]

This is my contribution to the SFII netters.   I have spent the 
past couple of weeks trying to compose this list of ticks and 
combinations.  I hope this will help improve your games. Since 
this is a first release, I'm sure that there will be mistakes in 
it. Please email any corrections or additions to me, 
lhuynh@reed.edu.

Thanks to these people for their help: rhett@u.washington.edu,
tpordon@isis.es.du.edu

A few abbreviations before we start. T will denote tick, AT  will 
denote anti-tick, and C will denote combination. Since I do not 
consider any ticks or combos cheap or unfair, my opinion of what 
is a tick and what is a combo may differ from yours. Note also 
that I did not include a counter for the combos, but if you want, 
I'm sure I can write something up.

Guile:

    T: Guile crouches, does a series of jabs, then goes in for 
the throw.  Guile stands, does a series of shorts, then goes in 
for the throw.  When you have knocked your opponent down, go 
toward your opponent, then pull the joystick to defensive crouch 
and start jabbing. After a few jabs, go in for the throw. 
Remember not to be predictable with the number of jabs you use.  
The dangerous thing about this is that your opponent  can throw 
you if you start your jabs to close to them.
   
    AT: The easiest way to get out of this tick is to reverse the 
sucker when he goes in for the throw.  After the first jab, move 
the joystick to offensive crouch (your character should still be 
blocking). When Guile stops jabbing, and if he is still in your 
throwing range, move the joystick to the forward position and 
press strong or fierce to throw. The dangerous thing about this 
is Guile can decide not to throw you, and do a flash kick 
instead.  Similarly, if Guile does the short/throw tick, move the 
joysticks to the center after the first short, then go for the 
throw when Guile stops his shorts.  If you are Zangief, do the 
spinning power driver after the jabs/shorts. 

    T: Guile throws a slow sonic boom, and follows it in for the 
throw.  

   AT: There are several ways to counter this, but it can get 
hard if Guile is close behind his sonic boom. If you are:

     1) Ken/Ryu, after you block the sonic boom, do a jab dragon 
punch.  This should hit Guile if timed right.  You can also block 
high, then when Guile is close enough, sweep him with roundhouse. 
You can also move back then do a hurricane kick.
     

     2) Zangief, do the spinning power driver. If Guile is 
anywhere near you, he'll get a headache.

     3) Honda, after blocking the sonic boom, do the thousand 
hand slaps. This will hit Guile several times if he goes in to 
throw you.  Be careful not to jump over Guile's sonic boom 
when he's following in. He can always jump up to meet you in the 
air, and throw you into the corner.
          
     4) Anyone else, just go for the throw. Remember to move the 
joystick to the center after you block the sonic boom.  Then go 
the throw immediately afterward.

    C: Jump into your opponent with the forward kick, do a crouch 
strong or jab, then a forward Razor Kick.  Immediately after 
executing the jump, pull the joystick to defensive crouch to 
charge the Razor Kick. Don't wait to execute the Razor Kick after 
the crouch strong.  If this is done successfully, your opponent 
will not be able to block or sac, and he/she will come up 
stunned.

    C: Jump into your opponent with fierce, pull the joystick 
back to back defense. When you land (about 1/2 sec. later), do the 
fierce upper cut, then immediately pull the joystick forward and 
do the sonic boom. If your opponent has a little bit on energy 
left, do the backhand immediately to finish your opponent off.  
After the first three hits, your opponent should be stunned 
again. Again, if this is done fast enough, your opponent cannot 
do the sac throw.

    Note: When doing the Razor Kick, you can go from defensive 
crouch to backward flip. In this way, you still have you sonic 
boom charged when you are doing the Razor Kick. This is very 
helpful if you do a lot of short Razor Kicks.


Ken/Ryu:

    T: Ken walks to his fallen opponent, and then does a series 
of crouch or standing shorts, then goes for the throw.  It is 
harder to reverse the crouch shorts, so I recommend doing that 
instead. Walk up to your opponent after knocking him/her down, 
pull the joystick back, and start the shorts. Then go for the 
throw.  Again, remember to vary the number of shorts you use.

   AT: This can be hard to reverse sometime. The trick is to pull 
the joystick to the crouch, then go for the throw when Ken stops 
shorting. Remember to watch for the throw. Ken might decide to 
sweep you instead (This usually happens when he is out of range 
to do the throw). Again if you are Zangief, do the spinning power 
driver. If you are Guile, you can do a short Razor Kick 
immediately after the shorts. This should get any Ken who goes in 
for the throw.


    T: Ken traps you in the corner, and starts his fireball. If 
you jump, he does the short or strong Dragon Punch and knocks you 
out of the air.  After throwing  the fireball, keep the joystick 
in the forward position so a that Dragon Punch can be executed 
quickly if the opponent jumps over.  The trick to doing this tick 
successfully is not to be predictable. This mean varying the 
speed of your fireballs, and sometime just hitting the jab button 
instead of doing a fireball.  This is very hard to get out of, 
and very annoying for rookies.
   
   AT: If you are:
           
     1) Ryu, block the fireball, then do a jab dragon punch 
through the next fireball.  You can now sweep Ken with roundhouse 
if he does another fireball.  You can also just jump straight up, 
then come down and do a fireball.
              
     2) Guile, block the fireball, then do a Razor Kick. Or you 
can time your forward flip right and do the auto-stun combo on 
Ken when he does his fireball. Or you can do a sonic boom to meet 
Ken's fireball, then do a backhand slap.
              
     3) Honda, sweep Ken with the standing roundhouse before he 
does his fireball. Or you can time the fireball right to flip 
forward into Ken with the fierce or the roundhouse.
            
     4) Chun Li, block the fireball, then do a crouch roundhouse 
to knock Ken down. Be careful because Ken can dragon punch your 
crouch roundhouse.
              
     5) Zangief, time your forward flip so that you hit Ken with 
the roundhouse, then immediately do the spinning power driver. 
The range for this is incredible.
              
     6) Any Ken trying this tick on Dhalsim is either stupid or 
desperate. Just time your slide to go under the fireball.

    C: Ken jumps behind his opponent with a roundhouse, then 
crouches and does a series of shorts.  If the roundhouse hits, 
three more shorts should get his opponent stunned. Remember not 
to jump too far behind your opponent's head.

    C: Ken jumps behind his opponent with a roundhouse, then does 
a standing fierce, then a fierce dragon punch. When executed 
properly, you will stun your opponent. The trick to doing this 
combo is to leave the joystick in the center when doing to 
standing fierce punch, then immediately move the joystick to 
forward and execute the dragon punch.  With practice, your 
opponent will not be able to defend the dragon punch if you get 
the fierce punch in.





    C: Ken jumps into his opponent with short, then crouches and 
does a series of shorts.  The trick to successfully executing his 
combo is pressing all three kick buttons as fast as possible.  
This will keep your opponent from moving back after the first 
short.  It is VERY hard to press all three kick buttons quickly, 
but it is possible. It just takes practice. Be careful when using 
this combo.  It can be reversed with the sac throw.

    C: A VERY good combo for Ken is the sweep/fireball. This is 
very hard to do, but once mastered, Ken will be a very hard 
opponent to beat, even with Guile.  Pull the joystick to 
defensive crouch and hit the forward or roundhouse button, then 
immediately move the joystick in a circular path to forward and 
hit a punch button.  The idea is to press the kick and the punch 
button in one motion for a fireball.  After mastering this 
technique, you can make up your own combo. For instance, jump 
with roundhouse, crouch with forward kick, then fireball with 
fierce.  Note that instead of sweeping your opponent, you can 
also do a crouch punch.

    C: Jump in with roundhouse kick, then couch and do another 
roundhouse.  This combo is old, but it works good against 
opponent who sac throw a lot.


Dhalsim:

    T: Dhalsim crouches, does a jab or a short, then noogies or 
throws his opponent.  Move close to a fallen opponent, but just 
out of his/her throwing range, then pull the joystick to 
defensive crouch and hit jab, then immediately hit strong while 
moving the joystick to forward.  I found that it helps to get the 
joystick in the forward position until I have them in my grip. If 
you see that your opponent is going for the reverse throw, then 
just pull the joystick to back defense after the jab/short and do 
the head butt. 
   
   AT: This is VERY hard to get out of sometime, but not 
impossible. If you are:

     1) Ryu, Chun Li, Honda, or Zangief, just go for the throw 
immediately after the jab. Remember to keep the joystick in the 
center after Dhalsim jabs you. If Dhalsim makes a mistake, and 
starts his jab too close, then just throw him when you are 
getting up. Here, the Spinning Power Driver works , but not as 
well as a regular throw.
           
     2) Guile. It is very hard for Guile to get out of this tick. 
There are several ways for Guile to reverse this. There is first 
the reverse throw (see 1) where Guile blocks that jab, then goes 
for the throw. Second, Guile can crouch and jab. Third, and 
probably the most effective way to get out of this tick is for 
Guile to do a short Razor Kick immediately after Dhalsim jabs.


    T: When Dhalsim traps his opponent in the corner, he does a 
fireball, then goes in for the throw.  Do the fireball when your 
opponent is getting up, keeping the joystick in the forward 
position afterward. Then go in and tap fierce quickly. If your 
opponent tries to reverse throw you, they will usually get thrown 
back into the corner 90% of the time.  Do NOT try this tick on 
Zangief, he will do the Spinning Power Driver on you.

   AT: It is nearly impossible to reverse throw Dhalsim if he 
does this tick on you, unless you are Zangief.  So the most 
obvious thing is not to try the reverse throw, just keep blocking 
after the fireball hits you.  If Dhalsim is tapping the fierce 
button after the fireball, it is most likely that he will do the 
head butt instead of throwing you. If you are against a Dhalsim 
who has not perfected the distance for this tick, then you can 
try to reverse throw him.  Remember to pull the joystick back to 
the center after the fireball hits, then go for the throw 
immediately.  I have found that it is easier to reverse throw 
Dhalsim if you are blocking with back defense instead of 
defensive crouch. If you are:
          
     1) Guile, you can do a short Razor Kick immediately after 
the fireball. This will hit Dhalsim if he tries to throw you.  
The short Razor Kick is fast enough that if Dhalsim blocks, he 
will not be able to hit you afterward. Dhalsim might go in to 
throw you after you miss with the Razor Kick. In he does, 
just go for the back breaker.

     2) Zangief, do the Spinning Power Driver.

    T: Dhalsim spins into his opponent, with head first or feet 
first, then does the throw. I found that this works best if you 
do the feet first spin, and aim your spin so that the feet hits 
your opponent's leg.  The reason for this is to distance yourself 
from your opponent so that he/she cannot throw you. This is not a 
very good tick to use because it can be reversed very easily.

   AT: Just go for the throw just before Dhalsim is finished with 
the spin.

    C: Dhalsim fireballs, then kicks this opponent out of the air 
if they jumps in.  Do not be predictable with the fireballs.  
This means varying the speed, and sometimes just hitting jab, or 
short.  After the fireball, move forward a little, and use either 
the forward or the short button to kick your opponent out of the 
air.  To keep your opponent at a safe distance, use the fierce or 
the strong punch.








    C: Dhalsim slides into his opponent with forward or short, 
then jumps back and does a roundhouse or a fierce punch.  Most 
opponents will jump into you after they your slide. If you use 
the forward or the short button, you will recover quickly enough 
so that you can jump back and hit roundhouse. The roundhouse will 
knock you opponent out of the air if timed correctly.  Replace 
the roundhouse with the fierce punch if you opponent is just 
walking into you.


Chun Li:

    T: Chun Li walks into a fallen opponent, then jabs and 
throws.  This is similar to all the other jab/throw tick. Pull 
the joystick to back defense, hit jab or strong,  then to forward 
and throw. This tick is easily countered, so don't go for the 
throw a lot.  Move forward as though you are going to throw, then 
sweep with the forward instead.  The trick to doing any tick is 
not to be predictable.

   AT: Just go for the reverse throw. If you are:
       
     1) Guile, you can reverse throw Chun Li, or you can do a 
short Razor Kick after the jab, which will also work.
       
     2) Zangief, do the reverse throw or the Spinning Power 
Driver if you are fast enough. The reverse throw usually works 
better.  Remember that you want to keep her close to you, so use 
the strong button to throw.

    T: Chun Li jumps into her opponent with the forward or short, 
NOT the head-hop, then throw. When doing this, don't hit your 
opponent too high, or else you will be thrown even before you 
land.  Do NOT try this tick on Zangief; it would be hazardous to 
you health! 
   
   AT: The sac throw should work well here.  You can also block, 
then go for the throw.  If Chun Li is too close when she starts 
her jump, then walk under her, and turn around for the throw. If 
Chun Li has her timing down such that she throws you even when 
you walk under her, then just walk under her, turn around and 
crouch jab, then throw her.

    T: Chun Li jumps over her opponent with the forward kick, 
turns around and throws. The timing for this tick is very hard to 
get down.  The idea is to time the forward kick so that Chun Li 
pulls her leg in right before she lands. In this way, she can 
immediately throw her opponent.  This is a very hard tick to 
counter if your opponent doesn't know how to reverse throw you.
   





   AT: This is easy to counter if you get your timing down. The 
easiest thing to do is wait for her to land, then hit her with 
fierce. You can also try to throw her, but if you hit the button 
too early or too late, you will get thrown.  This problem most 
people have with countering this tick is that they hit the fierce 
too early.

    C: Once Chun Li has cornered an opponent, she can safely do 
the head hop.  Jump into your opponent. While in the air, pull 
the joystick down to crouch, and hit the forward kick. Chun Li 
will bounce on her opponent's head, then bounce back out. While 
she is bouncing out, hit the forward kick again, but this time, 
leave the joystick in the center.  She will do her other forward 
kick. This will hit her opponent if he tries to jump after her.  
If the first head hop doesn't bounce her out, then keep the 
joystick in the crouch position and hit forward again.

    C: Chun Li jumps into her opponent with the forward kick, 
lands and does a strong punch, then crouches and does a forward 
sweep.  This is a good combo to use.  If you do this fast enough, 
your opponent will get stunned.  Vary this combo with the ticks 
listed above for an almost unstoppable game.  There are several 
variations of this combo. For instance, using the roundhouse as 
the sweep instead of forward, jumping into your opponent with the 
fierce punch instead of the forward kick, etc.,.

    C: Jump into your opponent with the fierce punch, then land 
and hit fierce again. The second fierce should hit your opponent 
if the first one hits, and if you do this combo fast enough.


E. Honda:

    T: Honda jumps into his opponent with the belly flop and then 
throw.  The belly flop is done with the forward kick button. 
While in the air, pull the joystick to defensive crouch, then go 
for the throw after your opponent blocks.
   
   AT: The sac throw works good here.  You can also block, and 
then go for the throw. Remember to move the joystick to the 
center after you block.

    C: Honda crouches, hits jab fast, but not fast enough to do 
the thousand hand, then does a jab torpedo when his opponent 
jumps in. This is a great move to use because your opponent will 
get hit every time if they jump in too close.  Use the torpedo 
when you have fallen and your opponent is jumping into you.  Even 
though this is not a tick, I will show how to counter this move. 
For Chun Li and Blanka, jump in with the forward kick.  Do not 
aim for Honda's head.  Instead aim for where his head will be if 
he does the torpedo. If Honda doesn't do the torpedo, then throw 
him. For Zangief, the roundhouse would work better.



    C: Honda jumps into his opponent with fierce, crouches and 
does a roundhouse, then a torpedo.  After jumping into your 
opponent, pull the joystick to defensive crouch.  If your 
opponent is far away, do the fierce torpedo.  If your opponent 
jumps over the fierce torpedo, immediately do the thousand hand 
slaps.  If you opponent jumps into you when you are doing the 
roundhouse, then do a jab torpedo. 


Blanka:

    T: Blanka jumps into his opponent with a kick, then goes for 
the bite. 
   
   AT: This is a regular tick. Do sac throw or block, then throw. 
Both should work equally well.

    C: Blanka jumps into his opponent with fierce, lands and does 
a strong punch, then crouches and does a forward kick.  Jump into 
your opponent with the fierce punch, when you land hit strong 
quickly while keeping the joystick in the center, then pull the 
joystick to defensive crouch and hit forward immediately.

    C: Jump into your opponent with either the roundhouse or the 
fierce punch. While in the air, pull the joystick to back 
defensive and hit either roundhouse or fierce punch, then do the 
furball.  You can trick your opponent pulling the joystick to 
back defense, then hitting either strong or forward, then doing a 
fierce furball.

    C: Jump into your opponent with the fierce claw. While in the 
air, pull the joystick to back defense. When you land, hit jab, 
then do the furball with any punch button.  This is like Guile's 
fierce-fierce-sonic boom combo, but slower.


Zangief: 

    T: Zangief jumps into his opponent, then does the Spinning 
Power Driver.  The trick to doing this successfully, is to keep 
your distance when you jump in.  Time you jump so that Zangief 
just barely touches his opponent, then immediately do the  
SPD. Use the strong button for the SPD.

   AT: This is very hard to get out of. In fact any combos or 
ticks of Zangief are hard to get out of. You can sac throw, which 
will work sometimes. If you are:

       1) Ken, do the jab or strong Dragon Punch if Zangief jumps 
in too late, otherwise try the sac throw.

       2) Guile, do the short Razor Kick if Zangief jumps in too 
late, otherwise try the sac throw.
       
       3) Honda, try the jab torpedo, or the sac throw.
    T: After his opponent has fallen down, Zangief goes toward 
his opponent, crouches and does a short or a series of jabs, then 
the SPD. This is EXTREMELY hard to counter.
   
   AT: Do not try to reverse throw Zangief is he does this tick 
on you.  You can escape if you just flip backup, unless you're in 
the corner, in which case jump back with a kick.  If you are 
Guile, do the short Razor Kick.

    C: Jump into a fallen opponent with the fierce punch. Don't 
pull the joystick back when you are hitting the fierce punch. You 
want Zangief to do the punch, not the body flop. After the punch, 
pull the joystick to defensive crouch and hit short, then do the 
SPD. This is EXTREMELY hard to counter, even for a master-blank 
player.

    C: Jump into your opponent with the roundhouse kick. If the 
kick hits, do the SPD. This is very useful against opponents with 
missiles.








































Press [Return] to continue 

New Uploads !!! [1]
[File] [41] :
[File] [41] :


X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
 Another file downloaded from:                     The NIRVANAnet(tm) Seven

 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Taipan Enigma        510/935-5845
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408/363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   510/527-1662
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           801/278-2699
 The New Dork Sublime                     Biffnix              415/864-DORK
 The Shrine                               Rif Raf              206/794-6674
 Planet Mirth                             Simon Jester         510/786-6560

                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
