                        31 page printout

    Reproducible Electronic Publishing can defeat censorship.

                          ****     ****

          This file, its printout, or copies of either
          are to be copied and given away, but NOT sold.

          Bank of Wisdom, Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201

                The Works of ROBERT G. INGERSOLL

                          ****    ****

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.
                             _______

                              1894

     Somebody ought to tell the truth about the Bible. The
preachers dare not, because they would be driven from their
pulpits. Professors in colleges dare not, because they would lose
their salaries. Politicians dare not. They would be defeated.
Editors dare not. They would lose subscribers. Merchants dare not,
because they might lose customers. Men of fashion dare not, fearing
that they would lose caste. Even clerks dare not, because they
might be discharged. And so I thought I would do it myself.

     There are many millions of people who believe the Bible to be
the inspired word of God -- millions who think that this book is
staff and guide, counselor and consoler; that it fills the present
with peace and the future with hope -- millions who believe that it
is the fountain of law, Justice and mercy, and that to its wise and
benign teachings the world is indebted for its liberty, wealth and
civilization -- millions who imagine that this book is a revelation
from the wisdom and love of God to the brain and heart of man --
millions who regard this book as a torch that conquers the darkness
of death, and pours its radiance on another world -- a world
without a tear.

     They forget its ignorance and savagery, its hatred of liberty,
its religious persecution; they remember heaven, but they forget
the dungeon of eternal pain. They forget that it imprisons the
brain and corrupts the heart. They forget that it is the enemy of
intellectual freedom. Liberty is my religion. Liberty of hand and
brain -- of thought and labor, liberty is a word hated by kings --
loathed by popes. It is a word that shatters thrones and altars --
that leaves the crowned without subjects, and the outstretched hand
of superstition without alms. Liberty is the blossom and fruit of
justice -- the perfume of mercy. Liberty is the seed and soil, the
air and light, the dew and rain of progress, love and joy.

                                I

                    THE ORIGIN OF THE BIBLE.

     A few wandering families -- poor, wretched, without education,
art or power; descendants of those who had been enslaved for four
hundred years; ignorant as the inhabitants of Central Africa, had
just escaped from their masters to the desert of Sinai. Their 

                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                                1

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

leader was Moses, a man who had been raised in the family of
Pharaoh and had been taught the law and mythology of Egypt. For the
purpose of controlling his followers he pretended that he was
instructed and assisted by Jehovah, the God of these wanderers.

     Everything that happened was attributed to the interference of
this God. Moses declared that he met this God face to face; that on
Sinai's top from the hands of this God he had received the tables
of stone on which, by the finger of this God, the Ten Commandments
had been written, and that, in addition to this, Jehovah had made
known the sacrifices and ceremonies that were pleasing to him and
the laws by which the people should be governed.

     In this way the Jewish religion and the Mosaic Code were
established.

     It is now claimed that this religion and these laws were and
are revealed and established for all mankind.

     At that time these wanderers had no commerce with other
nations, they had no written language, they could neither read nor
write. They had no means by which they could make this revelation
known to other nations, and so it remained buried in the jargon of
a few ignorant, impoverished and unknown tribes for more than two
thousand year's.

     Many centuries after Moses, the leader, was dead many
centuries after all his followers had passed away -- the Pentateuch
was written, the work of many writers, and to give it force and
authority it was claimed that Moses was the author.

     We now know that the Pentateuch was not written by Moses.

     Towns are mentioned that were not in existence when Moses
lived.

     Money, not coined until centuries after his death, is
mentioned.

     So, many of the laws were not applicable to wanderers on the
desert -- laws about agriculture, about the sacrifice of oxen,
sheep and doves, about the weaving of cloth, about ornaments of
gold and silver, about the cultivation of land, about harvest,
about the threshing of grain, about houses and temples, about
cities of refuge, and about many other subjects of no possible
application to a few starving wanderers over the sands and rocks.

     It is now not only admitted by intelligent and honest
theologians that Moses was not the author of the Pentateuch, but
they all admit that no one knows who the authors were, or who wrote
any one of these books, or a chapter or a line. We know that the
books were not written in the same generation; that they were not
all written by one person; that they are filled with mistakes and
contradictions. It is also admitted that Joshua did not write the
book that bears his name, because it refers to events that did not
happen until long after his death.



                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                                2

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

     No one knows, or pretends to know, the author of Judges; all
we know is that it was written centuries after all the judges had
ceased to exist. No one knows the author of Ruth, nor of First and
Second Samuel; all we know is that Samuel did not write the books
that bear his name. In the 25th chapter of First Samuel is an
account of the raising of Samuel by the Witch of Endor.

     No one knows the author of First and Second Kings or First and
Second Chronicles; all we know is that these books are of no value.

     We know that the Psalms were not written by David. In the
Psalms the Captivity is spoken of, and that did not happen until
about five hundred years after David slept with his fathers.

     We know that Solomon did not write the Proverbs or the Song;
that Isaiah was not the author of the book that bears his name;
that no one knows the author of Job, Ecclesiastes, or Esther, or of
any book in the Old Testament, with the exception of Ezra.

     We know that God is not mentioned or in any way referred to in
the book of Esther. We know, too, that the book is cruel, absurd
and impossible.

     God is not mentioned in the Song of Solomon, the best book in
the Old Testament.

     And we know that Ecclesiastes was written by an unbeliever.

     We know, too, that the Jews themselves had not decided as to
what books were inspired -- were authentic -- until the second
century after Christ.

     We know that the idea of inspiration was of slow growth, and
that the inspiration was determined by those who had certain ends
to accomplish.

                               II

                 IS THE OLD TESTAMENT INSPIRED?

     If it is, it should be a book that no man -- no number of men
-- could produce.

     It should contain the perfection of philosophy.

     It should perfectly accord with every fact in nature.

     There should be no mistakes in astronomy, geology, or as to
any subject or science.

     Its morality should be the highest, the purest.

     Its laws and regulations for the control of conduct should be
just, wise, perfect, and perfectly adapted to the accomplishment of
the ends desired.

     It should contain nothing calculated to make man cruel, 
revengeful, vindictive or infamous.

                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                                3

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

     It should be filled with intelligence, justice, purity,
honesty, mercy and the spirit of liberty.

     It should be opposed to strife and war, to slavery and lust,
to ignorance, credulity and superstition.

     It should develop the brain and civilize the heart.

     It should satisfy the heart and brain of the best and wisest.

     It should be true.

     Does the Old Testament satisfy this standard?

     Is there anything in the Old Testament -- in history, in
theory, in law, in government, in morality, in science -- above and
beyond the ideas, the beliefs, the customs and prejudices of its
authors and the people among whom they lived?

     Is there one ray of light from any supernatural source?

     The ancient Hebrews believed that this earth was the center of
the universe, and that the sun, moon and stars were specks in the
sky.

     With this the Bible agrees.

     They thought the earth was flat, with four corners; that the
sky, the firmament, was solid -- the floor of Jehovah's house.

     The Bible teaches the same.

     They imagined that the sun journeyed about the earth, and that
by stopping the sun the day could be lengthened.

     The Bible agrees with this.

     They believed that Adam and Eve were the first man and woman;
that they had been created but a few years before, and that they,
the Hebrews, were their direct descendants.

     This the Bible teaches.

     If anything is, or can be, certain, the writers of the Bible
were mistaken about creation, astronomy, geology; about the causes
of phenomena, the origin of evil and the cause of death.

     Now, it must be admitted that if an infinite Being is the
author of the Bible, he knew all sciences, all facts, and could not
have made a mistake.

     If, then, there are mistakes, misconceptions, false theories,
ignorant myths and blunders in the Bible, it must have been written
by finite beings; that is to say, by ignorant and mistaken men.

     Nothing can be clearer than this.



                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                                4

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

     For centuries the church insisted that the Bible was
absolutely true; that it contained no mistakes; that the story of
creation was true; that its astronomy and geology were in accord
with the facts; that the scientists who differed with the Old
Testament were infidels and atheists.

     Now this has changed. The educated Christians admit that the
writers of the Bible were not inspired as to any science. They now
say that God, or Jehovah, did not inspire the writers of his book
for the purpose of instructing the world about astronomy, geology,
or any science. They now admit that the inspired men who wrote the
Old Testament knew nothing about any science, and that they wrote
about the earth and stars, the sun and moon, in accordance with the
general ignorance of the time.

     It required many centuries to force the theologians to this
admission. Reluctantly, full of malice and hatred, the priests
retired from the field, leaving the victory with science.

     They took another position;

     They declared that the authors, or rather the writers, of the
Bible were inspired in spiritual and moral things; that Jehovah
wanted to make known to his children his will and his infinite love
for his children; that Jehovah, seeing his people wicked, ignorant
and depraved, wished to make them merciful and just, wise and
spiritual, and that the Bible is inspired in its laws, in the
religion it teaches and in its ideas of government.

     This is the issue now. Is the Bible any nearer right in its
ideas of justice, of mercy, of morality or of religion than in its
conception of the sciences? Is it moral?

     It upholds slavery -- it sanctions polygamy.

     Could a devil have done worse?

     Is it merciful?

     In war it raised the black flag; it commanded the destruction,
the massacre, of all -- of the old, infirm. and helpless -- of
wives and babes.

     Were its laws inspired?

     Hundreds of offenses were punished with death. To pick up
sticks on Sunday, to murder your father on Monday, were equal
crimes. There is in the literature of the world no bloodier code.
The law of revenge -- of retaliation -- was the law of Jehovah. An
eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, a limb for a limb.

     This is savagery -- not philosophy.

     Is it just and reasonable?

     The Bible is opposed to religious toleration -- to religious
liberty. Whoever differed with the majority was stoned to death. 


                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                                5

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

Investigation was a crime. Husbands were ordered to denounce and to
assist in killing their unbelieving wives.

     It is the enemy of Art. "Thou shalt make no graven image."
This was the death of Art.

     Palestine never produced a painter or a sculptor.

     Is the Bible civilized?

     It upholds lying, larceny, robbery, murder, the selling of
diseased meat to strangers, and even the sacrifice of human beings
to Jehovah.

     Is it philosophical?

     It teaches that the sins of a people can be transferred to an
animal -- to a goat. It makes maternity an offence for which a sin
offering had to be made.

     It was wicked to give birth to a boy, and twice as wicked to
give birth to a girl.

     To make hair-oil like that used by the priests was an offence
punishable with death.

     The blood of a bird killed over running water was regarded as
medicine.

     Would a civilized God daub his altars with the blood of oxen,
lambs and doves? Would he make all his priests butchers? Would he
delight in the smell of burning flesh?

                               III

                      THE TEN COMMANDMENTS.

     Some Christian lawyers -- some eminent and stupid judges --
have said and still say, that the Ten Commandments are the
foundation of all law.

     Nothing could be more absurd. Long before these commandments
were given there were codes of laws in India and Egypt -- laws
against murder, perjury, larceny, adultery and fraud. Such laws are
as old as human society; as old as the love of life; as old as
industry; as the idea of prosperity; as old as human love.

     All of the Ten Commandments that are good were old; all that
were new art foolish. If Jehovah had been civilized he would have
left out the commandment about keeping the Sabbath, and in its
place would have said: "Thou shalt not enslave thy fellow-men." He
would have omitted the one about swearing, and said: "The man shall
have but one wife, and the woman but one husband." He would have
left out the one about graven images, and in its stead would have
said: "Thou shalt not wage wars of extermination, and thou shalt
not unsheathe the sword except in self-defence."



                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                                6

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

     If Jehovah had been civilized, how much grander the Ten
Commandments would have been.

     All that we call progress -- the enfranchisement of man, of
labor, the substitution of imprisonment for death, of fine for
imprisonment, the destruction of polygamy, the establishing of free
speech, of the rights of conscience; in short, all that has tended
to the development and civilization of man; all the results of
investigation, observation, experience and free thought; all that
man has accomplished for the benefit of man since the close of the
Dark Ages -- has been done in spite of the Old Testament.

     Let me further illustrate the morality, the mercy, the
philosophy and goodness of the Old Testament:

                       THE STORY OF ACHAN

     Joshua took the City of Jericho. Before the fall of the city
he declared that all the spoil taken should be given to the Lord.

     In spite of this order Achan secreted a garment, some silver
and gold.

     Afterward Joshua tried to take the city of Ai. He failed and
many of his soldiers were slain. Joshua sought for the cause of his
defeat and he found that Achan had secreted a garment, two hundred
shekels of silver and a wedge of gold. To this Achan confessed.

     And thereupon Joshua took Achan, his sons and his daughters,
his oxen and his sheep -- stoned them all to death and burned their
bodies.

     There is nothing to show that the sons and daughters had
committed any crime. Certainly, the oxen and sheep should not have
been stoned to death for the crime of their owner. This was the
justice, the mercy, of Jehovah!

     After Joshua had committed this crime, with the help of
Jehovah he captured the city of Ai.

                      THE STORY OF ELISHA.

     "And he went up thence unto Bethel, and as he was going up by
the way there came forth little children out of the city and mocked
him, and said unto him, 'Go up, thou baldhead.'

     "And he turned back and looked at them, and cursed them in the
name of the Lord. And there came forth two she-bears out of the
wood and tore forty and two children of them."

     This was the work of the good God -- the merciful Jehovah!

                      THE STORY OF DANIEL.

     King Darius had honored and exalted Daniel, and the native
princes were jealous. So they induced the king to sign a decree to
the effect that any man who should make a petition to any god or 


                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                                7

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

man except to King Darius, for thirty days, should be cast into the
den of lions.

     Afterward these men found that Daniel, with his face toward
Jerusalem, prayed three times a day to Jehovah.

     Thereupon Daniel was cast into the den of lions; a stone was
placed at the mouth of the den and sealed with the king's seal.

     The king passed a bad night. The next morning he went to the
den and cried out to Daniel. Daniel answered and told the king that
God had sent his angel and shut the mouths of the lions.

     Daniel was taken out alive and well, and the king was
converted and believed in Daniel's God.

     Darius, being then a believer in the true God, sent for the
men who had accused Daniel, and for their wives and their children,
and cast them all into the lions' den.

     "And the lions had the mastery of them, and brake all their
bones in pieces, or ever they came at the bottom of the pit."

     What had the wives and little children done? How had they
offended King Darius, the believer in Jehovah? Who protected
Daniel? Jehovah! Who failed to protect the innocent wives and
children? Jehovah!

                      THE STORY OF JOSEPH.

     Pharaoh had a dream, and this dream was interpreted by Joseph.

     According to this interpretation there was to be in Egypt
seven years of plenty, followed by seven years of famine. Joseph
advised Pharaoh to buy all the surplus of the seven plentiful years
and store it up against the years of famine.

     Pharaoh appointed Joseph as his minister or agent, and ordered
him to buy the grain of the plentiful years.

     Then came the famine. The people came to the king for help. He
told them to go to Joseph and do as he said.

     Joseph sold corn to the Egyptians until all their money was
gone -- until he had it all.

     When the money was gone the people said: "Give us corn and we
will give you our cattle."

     Joseph let them have corn until all their cattle, their horses
and their flocks had been given to him.

     Then the people said: "Give us corn and we will give you our
lands."

     So Joseph let them have corn until all their lands were gone.



                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                                8

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

     But the famine continued, and so the poor wretches sold
themselves, and they became the servants of Pharaoh.

     Then Joseph gave them seed, and made an agreement with them
that they should forever give one fifth of all they raised to
Pharaoh.

     Who enabled Joseph to interpret the dream of Pharaoh? Jehovah!
Did he know at the time that Joseph would use the information thus
given to rob and enslave the people of Egypt? Yes. Who produced the
famine? Jehovah!

     It is perfectly apparent that the Jews did not think of
Jehovah as the God of Egypt -- the God of all the world. He was
their God, and theirs alone. Other nations had gods, but Jehovah
was the greatest of all. Be hated other nations and other gods, and
abhorred all religions except the worship of himself.

                               IV

                      WHAT IS IT ALL WORTH?

     Will some Christian scholar tell us the value of Genesis?

     We know that it is not true -- that it contradicts itself.
There are two accounts of the creation in the first and second
chapters. In the first account birds and beasts were created before
man.

     In the second, man was created before the birds and beasts.

     In the first, fowls are made out of the water.

     In the second, fowls are made out of the ground.

     In the first, Adam and Eve are created together.

     In the second, Adam is made; then the beasts and birds, and
then Eve is created from one of Adam's ribs.

     These stories are far older than the Pentateuch.

     Persian: God created the world in six days, a man called
Adama, a woman called Evah, and then rested.

     The Etruscan, Babylonian, Phoenician, Chaldean and the
Egyptian stories are much the same.

     The Persians, Greeks, Egyptians, Chinese and Hindus have their
Garden of Eden and the Tree of Life.

     So the Persians, the Babylonians, the Nubians, the people of
Southern India, all had the story of the fall of man and the subtle
serpent.

     The Chinese say that sin came into the world by the
disobedience of woman. And even the Tahitians tell us that man was 
created from the earth, and the first woman from one of his bones.

                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                                9

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

     All these stories are equally authentic and of equal value to
the world, and all the authors were equally inspired.

     We know also that the story of the flood is much older than
the book of Genesis, and we know besides that it is not true.

     We know that this story in Genesis was copied from the
Chaldean. There you find all about the rain, the ark, the animals,
the dove that was sent out three times, and the mountain on which
the ark rested.

     So the Hindus, Chinese, Parsees, Persians, Greeks, Mexicans
and Scandinavians have substantially the same story.

     We also know that the account of the Tower of Babel is an
ignorant and childish fable.

     What then is left in this inspired book of Genesis? Is there
a word calculated to develop the heart or brain? Is there an
elevated thought -- any great principle -- anything poetic -- any
word that bursts into blossom?

     Is there anything except a dreary and detailed statement of
things that never happened?

     Is there anything in Exodus calculated to make men generous,
loving and noble?

     Is it well to teach children that God tortured the innocent
cattle of the Egyptians -- bruised them to death with hailstones --
on account of the sins of Pharaoh?

     Does it make us merciful to believe that God killed the
firstborn of the Egyptians -- the firstborn of the poor and
suffering people -- of the poor girl working at the mill -- because
of the wickedness of the king?

     Can we believe that the gods of Egypt worked miracles? Did
they change water into blood, and sticks into serpents?

     In Exodus there is not one original thought or line of value.

     We know, if we know anything, that this book was written by
savages -- savages who believed in slavery, polygamy and wars of
extermination. We know that the story told is impossible, and that
the miracles were never performed. This book admits that there are
other gods besides Jehovah. In the 17th chapter is this verse: "Now
I know that the Lord is greater than all gods, for, in the thing
wherein they dealt proudly, he was above them."

     So, in this blessed book is taught the duty of human sacrifice
-- the sacrifice of babes.

     In the 22d chapter is this command: "Thou shalt not delay to
offer the first of thy ripe fruits and of thy liquors: the first-
born of thy sons thou shalt give unto me."



                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               10

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

     Has Exodus been a help or a hindrance to the human race?

     Take from Exodus the laws common to all nations, and is there
anything of value left?

     Is there anything in Leviticus of importance? Is there a
chapter worth reading? What interest have we in the clothes of
priests, the curtains and candles of the tabernacle, the tongs and
shovels of the altar or the hair-oil used by the Levities?

     Of what use the cruel code, the frightful punishments, the
curses, the falsehoods and the miracles of this ignorant and
infamous book?

     And what is there in the book of Numbers -- with its
sacrifices and water of jealousy, with its shewbread and spoons,
its kids and fine flour, its oil and candlesticks, its cucumbers,
onions and manna -- to assist and instruct mankind? What interest
have we in the rebellion of Korah, the water of separation, the
ashes of a red heifer, the brazen serpent, the water that followed
the people uphill and down for forty years, and the inspired donkey
of the prophet Balaam? Have these absurdities and cruelties --
these childish, savage superstitions -- helped to civilize the
world?

     Is there anything in Joshua -- with its wars, its murders and
massacres, its swords dripping with the blood of mothers and babes,
its tortures, maimings and mutilations, its fraud and fury, its
hatred and revenge -- calculated to improve the world?

     Does not every chapter shock the heart of a good man? Is it a
book to be read by children?

     The book of Joshua is as merciless as famine, as ferocious as
the heart of a wild beast. It is a history -- a justification -- a
sanctification of nearly every crime.

     The book of Judges is about the same, nothing but war and
bloodshed; the horrible story of Jael and Sisera; of Gideon and his
trumpets and pitchers; of Jephtha and his daughter, whom he
murdered to please Jehovah.

     Here we find the story of Samson, in which a sun-god is
changed to a Hebrew giant.

     Read this book of Joshua -- read of the slaughter of women, of
wives, of mothers and babes -- read its impossible miracles, its
ruthless crimes, and all done according to the commands of Jehovah,
and tell me whether this book is calculated to make us forgiving,
generous and loving.

     I admit that the history of Ruth is in some respects a
beautiful and touching story; that it is naturally told, and that
her love for Naomi was deep and pure. But in the matter of
courtship we would hardly advise our daughters to follow the
example of Ruth. Still, we must remember that Ruth was a widow.



                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               11

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

     Is there anything worth reading in the first and second books
of Samuel? Ought a prophet of God to hew a captured king in pieces?
Is the story of the ark, its capture and return of importance to
us? Is it possible that it was right, just and merciful to kill
fifty thousand men because they had looked into a box? Of what use
to us are the wars of Saul and David, the stories of Goliath and
the Witch of Endor? Why should Jehovah have killed Uzzah for
putting forth his hand to steady the ark, and forgiven David for
murdering Uriah and stealing his wife?

     According to "Samuel," David took a census of the people. This
excited the wrath of Jehovah, and as a punishment he allowed David
to choose seven years of famine, a flight of three months from
pursuing enemies, or three days of pestilence. David, having
confidence in God, chose the three days of pestilence; and.
thereupon, God, the compassionate, on account of the sin of David,
killed seventy thousand innocent men.

     Under the same circumstances, what would a devil have done?

     Is there anything in first and Second Kings that suggests the
idea of inspiration?

     When David is dying he tells his son Solomon to murder Joab --
not to let his hoar head go down to the grave in peace. With his
last breath he commands his son to bring down the hoar head of
Shimei to the grave with blood. Having uttered these merciful
words, the good David, the man after God's heart, slept with his
fathers.

     Was it necessary to inspire the man who wrote the history of
the building of the temple, the story of the visit of the Queen of
Sheba, or to tell the number of Solomon's wives?

     What care we for the withering of Jeroboam's hand, the
prophecy of Jehu, or the story of Elijah and the ravens?

     Can we believe that Elijah brought flames from heaven, or that
he went at last to Paradise in a chariot of fire?

     Can we believe in the multiplication of the widow's oil by
Elisha, that an army was smitten with blindness, or that an axe
floated in the water?

     Does it civilize us to read about the beheading of the seventy
sons of Ahab, the putting out of the eyes of Zedekiah and the
murder of his sons? Is there one word in First and Second Kings
calculated to make men better?

     First and Second Chronicles is but a re-telling of what is
told in First and Second Kings. The same old stories -- a little
left out, a little added, but in no respect made better or worse.

     The book of Ezra is of no importance. He tells us that Cyrus,
King of Persia, issued a proclamation for building a temple at
Jerusalem, and that he declared Jehovah to be the real and only
God.


                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               12

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

     Nothing could be more absurd. Ezra tells us about the return
from captivity, the building of the Temple, the dedication, a few
prayers, and this is all. This book is of no importance, of no use.

     Nehemiah is about the same, only it tells of the building of
the wall, the complaints of the people about taxes, a list of those
who returned from Babylon, a catalogue of those who dwelt at
Jerusalem, and the dedication of the walls.

     Not a word in Nehemiah worth reading.

     Then comes the book of Esther: In this we are told that King
Ahasueras was intoxicated; that he sent for his Queen, Vashti, to
come and show herself to him and his guests. Vashti refused to
appear.

     This maddened the king, and he ordered that from every
province the most beautiful girls should be brought before him that
he might choose one in place of Vashti.

     Among others was brought Esther, a Jewess. She was chosen and
became the wife of the king. Then a gentleman by the name of Haman
wanted to have all the Jews killed, and the king, not knowing that
Esther was of that race, signed a decree that all the Jews should
be killed.

     Through the efforts of Mordecai and Esther the decree was
annulled and the Jews were saved.

     Haman prepared a gallows on which to have Mordecai hanged, but
the good Esther so managed matters that Haman and his ten sons were
hanged on the gallows that Haman had built, and the Jews were
allowed to murder more than seventy-five thousand of the king's
subjects.

     This is the inspired story of Esther.

     In the book of Job we find some elevated sentiments, some
sublime and foolish thoughts, something of the wonder and sublimity
of nature, the joys and sorrows of life; but the story is infamous.

     Some of the Psalms are good, many are indifferent, a few are
infamous. In them are mingled the vices and virtues. There are
verses that elevate, verses that degrade. There are prayers for
forgiveness and revenge. In the literature of the world there is
nothing more heartless, more infamous, than the 109th Psalm.

     In the Proverbs there is much shrewdness, many pithy and
prudent maxims, many wise sayings. The same ideas are expressed in
many ways -- the wisdom of economy and silence, the dangers of
vanity and idleness. Some are trivial, some are foolish, and many
are wise. These proverbs are not generous -- not altruistic.
Sayings to the same effect are found among all nations.

     Ecclesiastes is the most thoughtful book in the Bible. It was
written by an unbeliever -- a philosopher -- an agnostic. Take out
the interpolations, and it is in accordance with the thought of the


                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               13

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

nineteenth century. In this book are found the most philosophic and
poetic passages in the Bible.

     After crossing the desert of death and crime, after reading
the Pentateuch, Joshua, Judges, Samuel, Kings and Chronicles -- it
is delightful to reach this grove of palms, called the "Song of
Solomon." A drama of love -- of human low; a poem without Jehovah
-- a poem born of the heart and true to the divine instincts of the
soul.

     "I sleep, but my heart waketh."

     Isaiah is the work of several. Its swollen words, its vague
imagery, its prophecies and curses, its ravings against kings and
nations, its laughter at the wisdom of man, its hatred of joy, have
not the slightest tendency to increase the well-being of man.

     In this book is recorded the absurdist of all miracles. The
shadow on the dial is turned back ten degrees, in order to satisfy
Hezekiah that Jehovah will add fifteen years to his life.

     In this miracle the world, turning from west to east at the
rate of more than a thousand miles an hour, is not only stopped,
but made to turn the other way until the shadow on the dial went
back ten degrees! Is there in the whole world an intelligent man or
woman who believes this impossible falsehood?

     Jeremiah contains nothing of importance -- no facts of value;
nothing but fault-finding, lamentations, croakings, wailings,
curses and promises; nothing but famine and prayer, the prosperity
of the wicked, the ruin of the Jews, the captivity and return, and
at last Jeremiah, the traitor, in the stocks and in prison.

     And Lamentations is simply a continuance of the ravings of the
same insane pessimist; nothing but dust and sackcloth and ashes,
tears and howls, railings and revilings.

     And Ezekiel -- eating manuscripts, prophesying siege and
desolation, with visions of coals of fire, and cherubim, and wheels
with eyes, and the type and figure of the boiling pot, and the
resurrection of dry bones -- is of no use, of no possible value.

     With Voltaire, I say that any one who admires Ezekiel should
be compelled to dine with him.

     Daniel is a disordered dream -- a nightmare.

     What can be made of this book with its image with a golden
head, with breast and arms of silver, with belly and thighs of
brass, with legs of iron, and with feet of iron and clay; with its
writing on the wall, its den of lions, and its vision of the ram
and goat?

     Is there anything to be learned from Hosea and his wife? Is
there anything of use in Joel, in Amos, in Obadiah? Can we get any
good from Jonah and his gourd? Is it possible that God is the real
author of Micah and Nahum, of Habakkuk and Zephaniah, of Haggai and


                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               14

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

Malachi and Zechariah, with his red horses, his four horns, his
four carpenters, his flying roll, his mountains of brass and the
stone with four eyes?

     Is there anything in these "inspired" books that has been of
benefit to man?

     Have they taught us how to cultivate the earth, to build
houses, to weave cloth, to prepare food?

     Have they taught us to paint pictures, to chisel statues, to
build bridges, or ships, or anything of beauty or of use? Did we
get our ideas of government, of religious freedom, of the liberty
of thought, from the Old Testament? Did we get from any of these
books a hint of any science? Is there in the "sacred volume" a
word, a line, that has added to the wealth, the intelligence and
the happiness of mankind? Is there one of the books of the Old
Testament as entertaining as "Robinson Crusoe," "The Travels of
Gulliver," or "Peter Wilkins and his Flying Wife"? Did the author
of Genesis know as much about nature as Humboldt, or Darwin, or
Haeckel? Is what is called the Mosaic Code as wise or as merciful
as the code of any civilized nation? Were the writers of Kings and
Chronicles as great historians, as great writers, as Gibbon and
Draper? Is Jeremiah or Habakkuk equal to Dickens or Thackeray? Can
the authors of Job and the Psalms be compared with Shakespeare? Why
should we attribute the best to man and the worst to God?

                                V

                   WAS JEHOVAH A GOD OF LOVE?

     Did these words come from the heart of love? -- "When the Lord
thy God shall drive them before thee, thou shalt smite them and
utterly destroy them; thou shalt make no covenant with them, or
show mercy unto them."

     "I will heap mischief upon them. I will send mine arrows upon
them; they shall be burned with hunger and devoured with burning
heat and with bitter destruction."

     "I will send the tooth of beasts upon them, with the poison of
serpents of the dust."

     "The sword without, and terror within, shall destroy both the
young man and the virgin; the suckling also with the man of gray
hairs."

     "Let his children be fatherless and his wife a widow; let his
children be continually vagabonds and beg; let them seek their
bread also out of their desolate places; let the extortioner catch
all that he hath, and let the stranger spoil his labor; let there
be none to extend mercy unto him, neither let there be any to favor
his fatherless children."

     "And thou shalt eat the fruit of thine own body -- the flesh
of thy sons and daughters."



                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               15

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

     "And the heaven that is over thee shall be brass, and the
earth that is under thee shall be iron."

     "Cursed shalt thou be in the city, and cursed shalt thou be in
the field."

     "I will make my arrows drunk with blood."

     "I will laugh at their calamity."

     Did these curses, these threats, come from the heart of love
or from the mouth of savagery?

     Was Jehovah god or devil?

     Why should we place Jehovah above all the gods?

     Has man in his ignorance and fear ever imagined a greater
monster?

     Have the barbarians of any land, in any time, worshiped a more
heartless god?

     Brahma was a thousand times nobler, and so was Osiris and Zeus
and Jupiter. So was the supreme god of the Aztecs, to whom they
offered only the perfume of flowers. The worst god of the Hindus,
with his necklace of skulls and his bracelets of living snakes, was
kind and merciful compared with Jehovah.

     Compared with Marcus Aurelius, how small Jehovah seems.
Compared with Abraham Lincoln, how cruel, how contemptible, is this
god.

                               VI

                    JEHOVAH'S ADMINISTRATION.

     He created the world, the hosts of heaven, a man and woman --
placed them in a garden. Then the serpent deceived them, and they
were cast out and made to earn their bread.

     Jehovah had been thwarted.

     Then he tried again. He went on for about sixteen hundred
years trying to civilize the people.

     No schools, no churches, no Bible, no tracts -- nobody taught
to read or write. No Ten Commandments. The people grew worse and
worse, until the merciful Jehovah sent the flood and drowned all
the people except Noah and his family, eight in all.

     Then he started again, and changed their diet. At first Adam
and Eve were vegetarians. After the flood Jehovah said: "Every
moving thing that liveth shall be meat for you" -- snakes and
buzzards.

     Then he failed again, and at the Tower of Babel he dispersed 
and scattered the people.

                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               16

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

     Finding that he could not succeed with all the people, he
thought he would try a few, so he selected Abraham and his
descendants. Again he failed, and his chosen people were captured
by the Egyptians and enslaved for four hundred years.

     Then he tried again -- rescued them from Pharaoh and started
for Palestine.

     Then he changed their diet, allowing them to eat only the
beasts that parted the hoof and chewed the cud. Again he failed.
The people hated him, and preferred the slavery of Egypt to the
freedom of Jehovah. So he kept them wandering until nearly all who
came from Egypt had died. Then he tried again -- took them into
Palestine and had them governed by Judges.

     This, too, was a failure -- no schools, no Bible. Then he
tried kings, and the kings were mostly idolaters.

     Then the chosen people were conquered and carried into
captivity by the Babylonians.

     Another failure.

     Then they returned, and Jehovah tried prophets -- howlers and
wailers -- but the people grew worse and worse. No schools, no
sciences, no arts, no commerce. Then Jehovah took upon himself
flesh, was born of a woman, and lived among the people that he had
been trying to civilize for several thousand years. Then these
people, following the law that Jehovah had given them in the
wilderness, charged this Jehovah-man -- this Christ -- with
blasphemy; tried, convicted and killed him.

     Jehovah had failed again.

     Then he deserted the Jews and turned his attention to the rest
of the world.

     And now the Jews, deserted by Jehovah, persecuted by
Christians, are the most prosperous people on the earth. Again has
Jehovah failed.

     What an administration!

                               VII

                       THE NEW TESTAMENT.

     Who wrote the New Testament?

     Christian scholars admit that they do not know. They admit
that, if the four gospels were written by Matthew, Mark, Luke and
John, they must have been written in Hebrew. And yet a Hebrew
manuscript of any one of these gospels has never been found. All
have been and are in Greek. So, educated theologians admit that the
Epistles, James and Jude, were written by persons who had never
seen one of the four gospels. In these Epistles -- in James and
Jude -- no reference is made to any of the gospels, nor to any 
miracle recorded in them.

                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               17

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

     The first mention that has been found of one of our gospels
was made about one hundred and eight years after the birth of
Christ, and the four gospels were first named and quoted from at
the beginning of the third century, about one hundred an seventy
years after the death of Christ.

     We now know that there were many other gospels besides our
four, some of which have been lost. There were the gospels of Paul,
of the Egyptians, of the Hebrews, of Perfection, of Judas, of
Thaddeus, of the Infancy, of Thomas, of Mary, of Andrew, of
Nicodemus, of Marcion and several others.

     So there were the Acts of Pilate, of Andrew, of Mary, of Paul
and Thecla and of many others; also a book called the Shepherd of
Hermas.

     At first not one of all the books was considered as inspired.
The Old Testament was regarded as divine; but the books that now
constitute the New Testament were regarded as human productions. We
now know that we do not know who wrote the four gospels.

     The question is, Were the authors of these four gospels
inspired?

     If they were inspired, then the four gospels mast be true. If
they are true, they mast agree.

     The four gospels do not agree.

     Matthew, Mark and Luke knew nothing of the atonement, nothing
of salvation by faith. They knew only the gospel of good deeds --
of charity. They teach that if we forgive others God will forgive
us.

     With this the gospel of John does not agree.

     In that gospel we are taught that we must believe on the Lord
Jesus Christ; that we must be born again; that we must drink the
blood and eat the flesh of Christ. In this gospel we find the
doctrine of the atonement and that Christ died for us and suffered
in our place.

     This gospel is utterly at variance with the other three. If
the other three are true, the gospel of John is false. If the
gospel of John was written by an inspired man, the writers of the
other three were uninspired. From this there is no possible escape.
The four cannot be true.

     It is evident that there are many interpolations in the four
gospels.

     For instance, in the 28th chapter of Matthew is an account to
the effect that the soldiers at the tomb of Christ were bribed to
say that the disciples of Jesus stole away his body while they, the
soldiers, slept.

     This is clearly an interpolation. It is a break in the 
narrative.

                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               18

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

     The 10th verse should be followed by the 16th. The 10th verse
is as follows:

     "Then Jesus said unto them, 'Be not afraid; go tell my
brethren that they go unto Galilee and there shall they see me.'"

     The 16th verse:

     "Then the eleven disciples went away unto Galilee into a
mountain, where Jesus had appointed them."

     The story about the soldiers contained in the 11th, 12th,
13th, 14th and 15th verses is an interpolation -- an afterthought
-- long after. The 15th verse demonstrates this.

     Fifteenth verse: "So they took the money and did as they were
taught. And this saying is commonly reported among the Jews until
this day."

     Certainly this account was not in the original gospel, and
certainly the 15th verse was not written by a Jew. No Jew could
have written this: "And this saying is commonly reported among the
Jews until this day."

     Mark, John and Luke never heard that the soldiers had been
bribed by the priests; or, if they had, did not think it worth
while recording. So the accounts of the Ascension of Jesus Christ
in Mark and Luke are interpolations. Matthew says nothing about the
Ascension.

     Certainly there never was a greater miracle, and yet Matthew,
who was present -- who saw the Lord rise, ascend and disappear --
did not think it worth mentioning.

     On the other hand, the last words of Christ, according to
Matthew, contradict the Ascension: "Lo I am with you always, even
unto the end of the world."

     John, who was present, if Christ really ascended, says not one
word on the subject.

     As to the Ascension, the gospels do not agree.

     Mark gives the last conversation that Christ had with his
disciples, as follows:

     "Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every
creature. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; but he
that believeth not shall be damned. And these signs shall follow
them that believe: In my name shall they cast out devils; they
shall speak with new tongues. They shall take up serpents, and if
they drink any deadly thing it shall not hurt them; they shall lay
hands on the sick and they shall recover. So, then, after the Lord
had spoken unto them, he was received up into heaven and sat on the
right hand of God."

     Is it possible that this description was written by one who 
witnessed this miracle?

                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               19

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

     This miracle is described by Luke as follows.

     "And it came to pass while he blessed them he was parted from
them and carried up into heaven."

     "Brevity is the soul of wit."

     In the Acts we are told that: "When he had spoken, while they
beheld, he was taken up, and a cloud received him out of their
sight."

     Neither Luke, nor Matthew, nor John, nor the writer of the
Acts, heard one word of the conversation attributed to Christ by
Mark. The fact is that the Ascension of Christ was not claimed by
his disciples.

     At first Christ was a man -- nothing more. Mary was his
mother, Joseph his father. The genealogy of his father, Joseph, was
given to show that he was of the blood of David.

     Then the claim was made that he was the son of God, and that
his mother was a virgin, and that she remained a virgin until her
death.

     Then the claim was made that Christ rose from the dead and
ascended bodily to heaven.

     It required many years for these absurdities to take
possession of the minds of men.

     If Christ rose from the dead, why did he not appear to his
enemies? Why did he not call on Caiaphas, the high priest? Why did
he not make another triumphal entry into Jerusalem?

     If he really ascended, why did he not do so in public, in the
presence of his persecutors? Why should this, the greatest of
miracles, be done in secret. in a corner?

     It was a miracle that could have been seen by a vast multitude
-- a miracle that could not be simulated -- one that would have
convinced hundreds of thousands.

     After the story of the Resurrection, the Ascension became a
necessity. They had to dispose of the body.

     So there are many other interpolations in the gospels and
epistles.

     Again I ask: Is the New Testament true? Does anybody now
believe that at the birth of Christ there was a celestial greeting;
that a star led the Wise Men of the East; that Herod slew the babes
of Bethlehem of two years old and under?

     The gospels are filled with accounts of miracles. Were they
ever performed?




                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               20

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

     Matthew gives the particulars of about twenty-two miracles,
Mark of about nineteen, Luke of about eighteen and John of about
seven.

     According to the gospels, Christ healed diseases, cast out
devils, rebuked the sea, cured the blind, fed multitudes with five
loaves and two fishes, walked on the sea, cursed a fig tree, turned
water into wine and raised the dead.

     Matthew is the only one that tells about the Star and the Wise
Men -- the only one that tells about the murder of babes.

     John is the only one who says anything about the resurrection
of Lazarus, and Luke is the only one giving an account of the
rising from the dead the widow of Nain's son.

     How is it possible to substantiate these miracles?

     The Jews, among whom they were said to have been performed,
did not believe them. The diseased, the palsied, the leprous, the
blind who were cured, did not become followers of Christ. Those
that were raised from the dead were never heard of again.

     Does any intelligent man believe in the existence of devils?
The writer of three of the gospels certainly did. John says nothing
about Christ having cast out devils, but Matthew, Mark and Luke
give many instances.

     Does any natural man now believe that Christ cast out devils?
If his disciples said he did, they were mistaken. If Christ said he
did, he was insane or an impostor.

     If the accounts of casting out devils are false, then the
writers were ignorant or dishonest. If they wrote through
ignorance, then they were not inspired. If they wrote what they
knew to be false, they were not inspired. If what they wrote is
untrue, whether they knew it or not, they were not inspired.

     At that time it was believed that palsy, epilepsy, deafness,
insanity and many other diseases were caused by devils; that devils
took possession of and lived in the bodies of men and women. Christ
believed this, taught this belief to others, and pretended to cure
diseases by casting devils out of the sick and insane. We know now,
if we know anything, that diseases are not caused by the presence
of devils. We know, if we know anything, that devils do not reside
in the bodies of men.

     If Christ said and did what the writers of the three gospels
say he said and did, then Christ was mistaken. If he was mistaken,
certainly he was not God. And if he was mistaken, certainly he was
not inspired.

     Is it a fact that the Devil tried to bribe Christ?

     Is it a fact that the Devil carried Christ to the top of the
temple and tried to induce him to leap to the ground?



                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               21

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

     How can these miracles be established?

     The principals have written nothing, Christ has written
nothing, and the Devil has remained silent.

     How can we know that the Devil tried to bribe Christ? Who
wrote the account? We do not know. How did the writer get his
information? We do not know.

     Somebody, some seventeen hundred years ago, said that the
Devil tried to bribe God; that the Devil carried God to the top of
the temple and tried to induce him to leap to the earth and that
God was intellectually too keen for the Devil.

     This is all the evidence we have.

     Is there anything in the literature, of the world more
perfectly idiotic?

     Intelligent people no longer believe in witches, wizards,
spooks and devils, and they are perfectly satisfied that every word
in the New Testament about casting out devils is utterly false.

     Can we believe that Christ raised the dead?

     A widow living in Nain is following the body of her son to the
tomb. Christ halts the funeral procession and raises the young man
from the dead and gives him back to the arms of his mother.

     This young man disappears. He is never heard of again. No one
takes the slightest interest in the man who returned from the realm
of death. Luke is the only one who tells the story. Maybe Matthew,
Mark and John never heard of it, or did not believe it and so
failed to record it.

     John says that Lazarus was raised from the dead; Matthew, Mark
and Luke say nothing about it.

     It was more wonderful than the raising of the widow's son. He
had not been laid in the tomb for days. He was only on his way to
the grave, but Lazarus was actually dead. He had begun to decay.

     Lazarus did not excite the least interest. No one asked him
about the other world. No one inquired of him about their dead
friends. When he died the second time no one said: "He is not
afraid. He has traveled that road twice and knows just where he is
going."

     We do not believe in the miracles of Mohammed, and yet they
are as well attested as this. We have no confidence in the miracles
performed by Joseph Smith, and yet the evidence is far greater, far
better.

     If a man should go about now pretending to raise the dead,
pretending to cast out devils, we would regard him as insane. What,
then, can we say of Christ? If we wish to save his reputation we
are compelled to say that he never pretended to raise the dead;
that he never claimed to have cast out devils.

                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               22

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

     We must take the ground that these ignorant and impossible
things were invented by zealous disciples, who sought to deify
their leader.

     In those ignorant days these falsehoods added to the fame of
Christ. But now they put his character in peril and belittle the
authors of the gospels.

     Can we now believe that water was changed into wine? John
tells of this childish miracle, and says that the other disciples
were present, yet Matthew, Mark and Luke say nothing about it.

     Take the miracle of the man cured by the pool of Bethseda.
John says that an angel troubled the waters of the pool of
Bethseda, and that whoever got into the pool first after the waters
were troubled was healed.

     Does anybody now believe that an angel went into the pool and
troubled the waters? Does anybody now think that the poor wretch
who got in first was healed? Yet the author of the gospel according
to John believed and asserted these absurdities. If he was mistaken
about that he may have been about all the miracles he records.

     John is the only one who tells about this pool of Bethseda.
Possibly the other disciples did not believe the story.

     How can we account for these pretended miracles?

     In the days of the disciples, and for many centuries after,
the world was filled with the supernatural. Nearly everything that
happened was regarded as miraculous. God was the immediate governor
of the world. If the people were good, God sent seed time and
harvest; but if they were bad he sent flood and hail, frost and
famine. If anything wonderful happened it was exaggerated until it
became a miracle.

     Of the order of events -- of the unbroken and the unbreakable
chain of causes and effects -- the people had no knowledge and no
thought.

     A miracle is the badge and brand of fraud. No miracle ever was
performed. No intelligent, honest man ever pretended to perform a
miracle, and never will.

     If Christ had wrought the miracles attributed to him; if he
had cured the palsied and insane; if he had given hearing to the
deaf, vision to the blind; if he had cleansed the leper with a
word, and with a touch had given life and feeling to the withered
limb; if he had given pulse and motion, warmth and thought, to cold
and breathless clay; if he had conquered death and rescued from the
grave its pallid prey -- no word would have been uttered, no hand
raised, except in praise and honor. In his presence all heads would
have been uncovered -- all knees upon the ground.

     Is it not strange that at the trial of Christ no one was found
to say a word in his favor? No man stood forth and said: "I was a
leper, and this man cured me with a touch." No woman said: "I am 
the widow of Nain and this is my son whom this man raised from the
dead."
                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               23

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

     No man said: "I was blind, and this man gave me sight."

     All silent.

                              VIII

                    THE PHILOSOPHY OF CHRIST.

     Millions assert that the philosophy of Christ is perfect --
that he was the wisest that ever uttered speech.

     Let us see:

     Resist not evil. If smitten on one cheek turn the other.

     Is there any philosophy, any wisdom in this? Christ takes from
goodness, from virtue, from the truth, the right of self-defence.
Vice becomes the master of the world, and the good become the
victims of the infamous.

     No man has the right to protect himself, his property, his
wife and children. Government becomes impossible, and the world is
at the mercy of criminals. Is there any absurdity beyond this?

     Love your enemies.

     Is this possible? Did any human being ever love his enemies?
Did Christ love his, when he denounced them as whited sepulchers,
hypocrites and vipers?

     We cannot love those who hate us. Hatred in the hearts of
others does not breed love in ours. Not to resist evil is absurd;
to love your enemies is impossible.

     Take no thought for the morrow.

     The idea was that God would take care of us as he did of
sparrows and lilies. Is there the least sense in that belief?

     Does God take care of anybody?

     Can we live without taking thought for the morrow? To plow, to
sow, to cultivate, to harvest, is to take thought for the morrow.
We plan and work for the future, for our children, for the unborn
generations to come. Without this forethought there could be no
progress, no civilization. The world would go back to the caves and
dens of savagery.

     If thy right eye offend thee, pluck it out. If thy right hand
offend thee, cut it off.

     Why? Because it is better that one of our members should
perish than that the whole body should be cast into hell.

     Is there any wisdom in putting out your eyes or cutting off
your hands? Is it possible to extract from these extravagant
sayings the smallest grain of common sense?


                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               24

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

     Swear not at all; neither by Heaven, for it is God's throne;
nor by the Earth, for it is his footstool; nor by Jerusalem, for it
is his holy city.

     Here we find the astronomy and geology of Christ. Heaven is
the throne of God, the monarch; the earth is his footstool. A
footstool that turns over at the rate of a thousand miles an hour,
and sweeps through space at the rate of over a thousand miles a
minute!

     Where did Christ think heaven was? Why was Jerusalem a holy
city? Was it because the inhabitants were ignorant, crud and
superstitious?

     If any man will sue thee at the law and take away thy coat let
him have thy cloak also.

     Is there any philosophy, any good sense, in that commandment?
Would it not be just as sensible to say: "If a man obtains a
judgment against you for one hundred dollars, give him two
hundred."

     Only the insane could give or follow this advice.

     Think not I come to send peace on earth. I came not to send
peace, but a sword. For I am come to set a man at variance against
his father, and the daughter against her mother.

     If this is true, how much better it would have been had he
remained away.

     Is it possible that he who said, "Resist not evil," came to
bring a sword? That he who said, "Love your enemies," came to
destroy the peace of the world?

     To set father against son, and daughter against father -- what
a glorious mission!

     He did bring a sword, and the sword was wet for a thousand
years with innocent blood. In millions of hearts he sowed the seeds
of hatred and revenge. He divided nations and families, put out the
light of reason, and petrified the hearts of men.

     And every one that hath forsaken house, or breathren, or
sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for
my name's sake, shall receive an hundredfold, and shall inherit
everlasting life.

     According to the writer of Matthew, Christ, the compassionate,
the merciful, uttered these terrible words. Is it possible that
Christ offered the bribe of eternal joy to those who would desert
their fathers, their mothers, their wives and children? Are we to
win the happiness of heaven by deserting the ones we love? Is a
home to be ruined here for the sake of a mansion there?

     And yet it is said that Christ is an example for all the
world. Did he desert his father and mother? He said, speaking to 
his mother: "Woman, what have I to do with thee?"

                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               25

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

     The Pharisees said unto Christ: "Is it lawful to pay tribute
unto Caesar?

     Christ said: "Show me the tribute money."They brought him a
penny. And he saith unto them: "Whose is the image and the
superscription? "They said: "Caesar's." And Christ said: "Render
unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's."

     Did Christ think that the money belonged to Caesar because his
image and superscription were stamped upon it? Did the penny belong
to Caesar or to the man who had earned it? Had Caesar the right to
demand it because it was adorned with his image?

     Does it appear from this conversation that Christ understood
the real nature and use of money?

     Can we now say that Christ was the greatest of philosophers?

                               IX

                     IS CHRIST OUR EXAMPLE?

     He never said a word in favor of education. He never even
hinted at the existence of any science. He never uttered a word in
favor of industry, economy or of any effort to better our condition
in this world. He was the enemy of the successful, of the wealthy.
Dives was sent to hell, not because he was bad, but because he was
rich. Lazarus went to heaven, not because he was good, but because
he was poor.

     Christ cared nothing for painting, for sculpture, for music --
nothing for any art. He said nothing about the duties of nation to
nation, of king to subject; nothing about the rights of man;
nothing about intellectual liberty or the freedom of speech. He
said nothing about the sacredness of home; not one word for the
fireside; not a word in favor of marriage, in honor of maternity.

     He never married. He wandered homeless from place to place
with a few disciples. None of them seem to have been engaged in any
useful business, and they seem to have lived on alms.

     All human ties were held in contempt; this world was
sacrificed for the next; all human effort was discouraged. God
would support and protect.

     At last, in the dusk of death, Christ, finding that he was
mistaken, cried out: "My God My God! Why hast thou forsaken me?"

     We have found that man must depend on himself. He must clear
the land; he must build the home; he must plow and plant; he must
invent; he must work with hand and brain; he must overcome the
difficulties and obstructions; he must conquer and enslave the
forces of nature to the end that they may do the work of the world.






                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               26

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

            WHY SHOULD WE PLACE CHRIST AT THE TOP AND

                    SUMMIT OF THE HUMAN RACE?

     Was he kinder, more forgiving, more self-sacrificing than
Buddha? Was he wiser, did he meet death with more perfect calmness,
than Socrates? Was he more patient, more charitable, than
Epictetus? Was he a greater philosopher, a deeper thinker, than
Epicurus? In what respect was he the superior of Zoroaster? Was he
gentler than Lao-tsze, more universal than Confucius? Were his
ideas of human rights and duties superior to those of Zeno? Did he
express grander truths than Cicero? Was his mind subtler than
Spinoza's? Was his brain equal to Kepler's or Newton's? Was he
grander in death -- a sublimer martyr than Bruno? Was he in
intelligence, in the force and beauty of expression, in breadth and
scope of thought, in wealth of illustration, in aptness of
comparison, in knowledge of the human brain and heart, of all
passions, hopes and fears, the equal of Shakespeare, the greatest
of the human race?

     If Christ was in fact God, he knew all the future. Before him
like a panorama moved the history yet to be. He knew how his words
would be interpreted. He knew what crimes, what horrors, what
infamies, would be committed in his name. He knew that the hungry
flames of persecution would climb around the limbs of countless
martyrs. He knew that; thousands and thousands of brave men and
women would languish in dungeons in darkness, filled with pain. He
knew that his church would invent and use instruments of torture;
that his followers would appeal to whip and fagot, to chain and
rack. He saw the horizon of the future lurid with the flames of the
auto da fe. He knew what creeds would spring like poisonous fungi
from every text. He saw the ignorant sects waging war against each
other. He saw thousands of men, under the orders of priests,
building prisons for their fellow-men. He saw thousands of
scaffolds dripping with the best and bravest blood. He saw his
followers using the instruments of pain. He heard the groans -- saw
the faces white with agony. He heard the shrieks and sobs and cries
of all the moaning, martyred multitudes. He knew that commentaries
would be written on his words with swords, to be read by the light
of fagots. He knew that the Inquisition would be born of the
teachings attributed to him.

     He saw the interpolations and falsehoods that hypocrisy would
write and tell. He saw all wars that would he waged, and he knew
that above these fields of death, these dungeons, these rackings,
these burnings, these executions, for a thousand years would float
the dripping banner of the cross.

     He knew that hypocrisy would be robed and crowned -- that
cruelty and credulity would rule the world; knew that liberty would
perish from the earth; knew that popes and kings in his name would
enslave the souls and bodies of men; knew that they would persecute
and destroy the discoverers, thinkers and inventors; knew that his
church would extinguish reason's holy light and leave the world
without a star.

     He saw his disciples extinguishing the eyes of men, flaying 
them alive, cutting out their tongues, searching for all the nerves
of pain.
                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               27

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

     He knew that in his name his followers would trade in human
flesh; that cradles would be robbed and women's breasts unbabed for
gold.

     And yet he died with voiceless lips.

     Why did he fail to speak? Why did he not tell his disciples,
and through them the world: "You shall not burn, imprison and
torture in my name. You shall not persecute your fellow-men."

     Why did he not plainly say: "I am the Son of God," or, "I am
God"? Why did he not explain the Trinity? Why did he not tell the
mode of baptism that was pleasing to him? Why did he not write a
creed? Why did he not break the chains of slaves? Why did he not 
say that the Old Testament was or was not the inspired word of God?
Why did he not write the New Testament himself? Why did he leave
his words to ignorance, hypocrisy and chance? Why did he not say
something positive, definite and satisfactory about another world?
Why did he not turn the tear-stained hope of heaven into the glad
knowledge of another life? Why did he not tell us something of the
rights of man, of the liberty of hand and brain?

     Why did he go dumbly to his death, leaving the world to misery
and to doubt?

     I will tell you why. He was a man, and did not know.

                               XI

                          INSPIRATION.

     Not before about the third century was it claimed or believed
that the books composing the New Testament were inspired.

     It will be remembered that there were a great number of books,
of Gospels, Epistles and Acts, and that from these the "inspired"
ones were selected by "uninspired" men.

     Between the "Fathers" there were great differences of opinion
as to which books were inspired; much discussion and plenty of
hatred. Many of the books now deemed spurious were by many of the
"Fathers" regarded as divine, and some now regarded as inspired
were believed to be spurious. Many of the early Christians and some
of the "Fathers" repudiated the Gospel of John, the Epistle to the
Hebrews, Jade, James, Peter, and the Revelation of St. John. On the
other hand, many of them regarded the Gospel of the Hebrews, of the
Egyptians, the Preaching of Peter, the Shepherd of Hermas, the
Epistle of Bar nabas, the Pastor of Hermas, the Revelation of
Peter, the Revelation of Paul, the Epistle of Clement, the Gospel
of Nicodemus, inspired books, equal to the very best.

     From all these books, and many others, the Christians selected
the inspired ones.

     The men who did the selecting were ignorant and superstitious.
They were firm believers in the miraculous. They thought that
diseases had been cured by the aprons and handkerchiefs of the 


                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               28

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

apostles, by the bones of the dead. They believed in the fable of
the Phoenix, and that the hyenas changed their sex every year.

     Were the men who through many centuries made the selections
inspired? Were they -- ignorant, credulous, stupid and malicious --
as well qualified to judge of "inspiration" as the students of our
time? How are we bound by their opinion? Have we not the right to
judge for ourselves?

     Erasmus, one of the leaders of the Reformation, declared that
the Epistle to the Hebrews was not written by Paul, and he denied 
the inspiration of Second and Third John, and also of Revelation.
Luther was of the same opinion. He declared James to be an epistle
of straw, and denied the inspiration of Revelation. Zwinglius
rejected the book of Revelation, and even Calvin denied that Paul
was the author of Hebrews.

     The truth is that the Protestants did not agree as to what
books are inspired until 1647, by the Assembly of Westminster.

     To prove that a book is inspired you must prove the existence
of God. You must also prove that this God thinks, acts, has
objects, ends and aims. This is somewhat difficult.

     It is impossible to conceive of an infinite being. Having no
conception of an infinite being, it is impossible to tell whether
all the facts we know tend to prove or disprove the existence of
such a being.

     God is a guess. If the existence of God is admitted, how are
we to prove that he inspired the writers of the books of the Bible?

     How can one man establish the inspiration of another? How can
an inspired man prove that he is inspired? How can he know himself
that he is inspired? There is no way to prove the fact of
inspiration. The only evidence is the word of some man who could by
no possibility know anything on the subject.

     What is inspiration? Did God use men as instruments? Did he
cause them to write his thoughts? Did he take possession of their
minds and destroy their wills?

     Were these writers only partly controlled, so that their
mistakes, their ignorance and their prejudices were mingled with
the wisdom of God?

     How are we to separate the mistakes of man from the thoughts
of God? Can we do this without being inspired ourselves? If the
original writers were inspired, then the translators should have
been, and so should be the men who tell us what the Bible means.

     How is it possible for a human being to know that he is
inspired by an infinite being? But of one thing we may be certain:
An inspired book should certainly excel all the books produced by
uninspired men. It should, above all, be true, filled with wisdom,
blossoming in beauty -- perfect.

     Ministers wonder how I can be wicked enough to attack the 
Bible.
                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               29

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

     I will tell them: This book, the Bible, has persecuted, even
unto death, the wisest and the best. This book stayed and stopped
the onward movement of the human race. This book poisoned the
fountains of learning and misdirected the energies of man.

     This book is the enemy of freedom, the support of slavery.
This book sowed the seeds of hatred in families and nations, fed 
the flames of war, and impoverished the world. This book is the
breastwork of kings and tyrants -- the enslaver of women and
children. This book has corrupted parliaments and courts. This book
has made colleges and universities the teachers of error and the
haters of science. This book has filled Christendom with hateful,
cruel, ignorant and warring sects. This book taught men to kill
their fellows for religion's sake. This book funded the
Inquisition, invented the instruments of torture, built the
dungeons in which the good and loving languished, forged the chains
that rusted in their flesh, erected the scaffolds whereon they
died. This book piled fagots about the feet of the just. This book
drove reason from the minds of millions and filled the asylums with
the insane.

     This book has caused fathers and mothers to shed the blood of
their babes. This book was the auction block on which the slave-
mother stood when she was sold from her child. This book filled the
sails of the slave-trader and made merchandise of human flesh. This
book lighted the fires that burned "witches" and "wizards." This
book filled the darkness with ghouls and ghosts, and the bodies of
men and women with devils. This book polluted the souls of men with
the infamous dogma of eternal pain. This book made credulity the
greatest of virtues, and investigation the greatest of crimes. This
book filled nations with hermits, monks and nuns -- with the pious
and the useless. This book placed the ignorant and unclean saint
above the philosopher and philanthropist. This book taught man to
despise the joys of this life, that he might be happy in another --
to waste this world for the sake of the next.

     I attack this book because it is the enemy of human liberty --
the greatest obstruction across the highway of human progress.

     Let me ask the ministers one question: How can you be wicked
enough to defend this book?

                               XII

                         THE REAL BIBLE.

     For thousands of years men have been writing the real Bible,
and it is being written from day to day, and it will never be
finished while man has life. All the facts that we know, all the
truly recorded events, all the discoveries and inventions, all the
wonderful machines whose wheels and levers seem to think, all the
poems, crystals from the brain, flowers from the heart, all the
songs of love and joy, of smiles and tears, the great dramas of
Imagination's world, the wondrous paintings, miracles of form and
color, of light and shade, the marvelous marbles that seem to live
and breathe, the secrets told by rock and star, by dust and flower,
by rain and snow, by frost and flame, by winding stream and desert
sand, by mountain range and billowed sea.

                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               30

                      ABOUT THE HOLY BIBLE.

     All the wisdom that lengthens and ennobles life, all that
avoids or cures disease, or conquers pain -- all just and perfect
laws and rules that guide and shape our lives, all thoughts that
feed the flames of love the music that transfigures, enraptures and
enthralls the victories of heart and brain, the miracles that hands
have wrought, the deft and cunning hands of those who worked for
wife and child, the histories of noble deeds, of brave and useful
men, of faithful loving wives, of quenchless mother-love, of
conflicts for the right, of sufferings for the truth, of all the
best that all the men and women of the world have said, and thought
and done through all the years.

     These treasures of the heart and brain -- these are the Sacred
Scriptures of the human race.





                          ****     ****











    Reproducible Electronic Publishing can defeat censorship.

     The Bank of Wisdom is a collection of the most thoughtful,
scholarly and factual books. These computer books are reprints of
suppressed books and will cover American and world history; the
Biographies and writings of famous persons, and especially of our
nations Founding Fathers. They will include philosophy and
religion. all these subjects, and more, will be made available to
the public in electronic form, easily copied and distributed, so
that America can again become what its Founders intended --

                 The Free Market-Place of Ideas.

   The Bank of Wisdom is always looking for more of these old,
hidden, suppressed and forgotten books that contain needed facts
and information for today. If you have such books please contact
us, we need to give them back to America.



                          ****     ****







                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               31
