                 9 page printout, page 21 to 29
             INGERSOLL, A BIOGRAPHICAL APPRECIATION

                            CHAPTER 3

                  FROM EIGHTEEN FIFTY-EIGHT TO
                       EIGHTEEN SIXTY-SIX.

     Ingersoll's reputation for brilliancy having preceded him,
success in Peoria was his from the start. His services were eagerly
sought. But he did not on that account neglect the theoretical side
of his profession: he continued, as he had done even after entering
practice at Shawneetown, the assiduous study of law. He was
intensely enthusiastic. He was enthusiastic on other subjects also;
but he did not allow them to occupy his attention to the jeopardy
of his immediate purpose. He knew that if he was to accomplish what
he hoped some time to accomplish in other fields, -- the field of
rationalism particularly, -- he must stand upon a firm and broad
economic and intellectual foundation; and he felt that the
realization of this prerequisite would be coincident with a
thoroughly established legal practice and reputation.

     The "bench and bar" of Peoria, during Ingersoll's residence
there, included, at various times, many men of national fame or
local eminence -- Lincoln, Douglas, Davis, the Puterbaughs,
Pinckney, Purple, Breeze, Manning, Merriam, McCune, O'Brien, and
others. Ingersoll himself was wont to say, in after-years, that he
never knew of another local legal aggregation of such ability.

     To shine in so brilliant a galaxy, implied a star of no mean
magnitude; and this Ingersoll assuredly did. As partners (beside
his brother), he had, at different periods, McCune, George
Puterbaugh, and Judge Sabin D. Puterbaugh, the author of Common Law
Pleading and Practice and Chancery Pleading and Practice. He was
always associated with the ablest men, and was the central figure
in the most noted trials. He was preeminently successful, seldom
losing a case. His practice, being of general character, offered
fitting opportunity for the exercise of his wonderful powers and
resources; and within a few years from his arrival in Peoria, he
was recognized not only as the leader of his profession there, but
as the peer in every respect, and the superior in most respects, of
any lawyer who ever belonged to the bar of Illinois.

     In 1860 Ingersoll was Democratic candidate for representative
in Congress from the Fourth Congressional District of Illinois, his
opponent being Judge William Kellogg, a Republican. The campaign in
which Ingersoll and Kellogg were opponents is on record as the most
exciting, aggressive, and bitterly contested, in the political
history of Illinois. "The people of the State," says Hon. Clark E.
Carr, (The Illini, A Story of the Prairies, p. 300) a lifelong
resident thereof, "seemed to give themselves up entirely to this
political campaign. As I look back upon the struggle, I wonder now
that lands were cultivated or that anyone found time for any of the
ordinary avocations of life." From the standpoint of age and
experience, as compared with those of his opponent, Ingersoll was
at great disadvantage. He was only twenty-seven years old, and had
never been a candidate for an office of any considerable
importance, while Judge Kellogg was many years his senior, and an
experienced and successful politician, having assisted in
organizing the Republican party, and having served two terms in
Congress, to which he was seeking reelection. But, despite his  

                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               21

             INGERSOLL, A BIOGRAPHICAL APPRECIATION

great disadvantages, Ingersoll out-talked, outreasoned, and worsted
his antagonist at every turn. However, Lincoln swept the state, to
the perfect satisfaction of Ingersoll himself less than a year
later, as we shall see; and the young candidate, with many others,
was sorely defeated.

     But the supreme fact to be noted in connection with this
period of Ingersoll's life is, that, notwithstanding the party with
which he was then allied, he went much further in the denunciation
of slavery than did his very opponent in "the party of Lincoln."
While Judge Kellogg admitted that he would enforce the law in favor
of slavery, Ingersoll declared that he would break the law, in
favor of liberty. While Judge Kellogg admitted, that, as a law-
abiding citizen, he would enforce the Fugitive Slave Law, Ingersoll
declared: --

     "Rather than interfere between any human being and his
liberty, I would be condemned to be chained in the lowest depths of
hell!"

     A graphic account of the Ingersoll-Kellogg contest is given by
Colonel Carr, whose Illini has already been quoted, and who was an
active participant in the campaign in which that contest occurred.
After setting forth Judge Kellogg's position on the question of
slavery, Colonel Carr states, in another important historical work:
(My Day and Generation, p. 332) --

     "We Republicans, therefore, regarded Kellogg as the champion
of freedom and supposed that, as a matter of course, his opponent
would appear as the champion of slavery. Never was a people more
astonished than were we in Galesburg when we then, for the first
time, heard Robert G. Ingersoll.

     "Immediately upon his nomination Ingersoll challenged Judge
Kellogg to join discussion, face to face, throughout the district.

     "The first joint debate * * * was held in the old Dunn's Hill
at Galesburg. Galesburg was the most enthusiastic Republican town
in all that region. Most of the people were really abolitionists.
One of the fundamental tenets of the founders of the town was
earnest and eternal antagonism to human slavery. The town was known
and recognized throughout the West, especially in the adjoining
slave States of Missouri, as an 'abolition hole.' * * * In the
debate in our city, Judge Kellogg had the opening and closing.* *

     "After * * * giving the audience to understand that he was not
an abolitionist, and that he favored the Fugitive Slave Law, Judge
Kellogg went on to show what a sacred compact the Missouri
compromise was * * * and intimated that this young gentleman who
was running against him would have difficulty in persuading the
people of Galesburg and that Congressional District to vote for him
and by so doing favor the extension of slavery into new
Territories.

     "I remember with what interest I looked at that young man,
whom we had regarded up to that moment as a pro-slavery Douglass
Democrat, apparently unconsciously listening to what seemed to all 


                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               22

             INGERSOLL, A BIOGRAPHICAL APPRECIATION

of us to be beyond the power of any one to answer. I shall never
forget how he looked as he commenced speaking, and as he warmed
into his subject. It seems to me now after the lapse of all these
years, that even then he was the most brilliant, the most
inspiring, the most majestic, and, withal, the most convincing of
orators. As the years went by while he and I was young, and as we
advanced to and beyond middle life, it was my fortune to hear him
frequently, and from that hour at Galesburg I have always believed
that Robert G. Ingersoll was the greatest orator who ever stood
before a public audience.

     "His first sentence, as he commenced speaking, was 'The
Fugitive Slave Law is the most infamous enactment that ever
disgraced a statue book;' then he exclaimed -- 'The man who
approves of or apologizes for that infamy is a brute!'

     "This [the author continues, later] was only one of the
appalling pictures the young orator painted of slavery and the
Fugitive Slave Law, after which he exclaimed:

     "'Judge Kellogg favors and approves all these horrors, for he
distinctly avows himself to be in favor of the Fugitive Slave Law.
And yet he is no worse than are all the trusted leaders of your
boasted Republican party. Your Abe Lincoln himself, whose name is
at the head of your ticket, distinctly declares himself in favor of
the enforcement of the Fugitive Slave Law, as do all the Old Line
Whigs who make up the warp and woof of the Republican party.'"

     In concluding his account of this the first of about twenty
similar debates, Colonel Carr thus comments upon Ingersoll's
effort: --

     "It may be doubted whether there was ever pronounced by any
human being so terrific a philippic against human slavery and the
Fugitive Slave Law. I myself had heard Beecher and Garrison and
Wendell Phillips and Lovejoy and Giddings, but I never heard it
equalled"

     Even had we only the preceding indications of Ingersoll's
political and sociological views at the time, the question of how
truly he would have reflected the ideals of his Democratic
constituents had he been elected, might be safely left to the
inference of an intelligent public. But no trusting to inference is
here required. Indeed, the published record of events just
subsequent to the campaign in question, -- a record which,
moreover, is vividly written in the memories of many surviving
participants, -- provides us with the strongest evidence that
Ingersoll, as a Democratic congressman, would have stood for
precisely what he had stood, among other things, as a candidate --
human liberty and the sublime integrity of the Great Republic.

     In this immediate connection not only, but by way of
furnishing an authentic historic version of his change of political
affiliations, and, incidentally, further indications of his power
and influence as an orator, long before he achieved national
renown, I again quote The Illini, -- page 302: --



                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               23

             INGERSOLL, A BIOGRAPHICAL APPRECIATION

     "In that campaign [1860] there first appeared upon the
hustings and before public assemblages in Illinois a man who became
known as the greatest of American orators * * *. This wonderful man
was none other than Robert G. Ingersoll, then the Democratic
candidate for Congress in our District. Douglas man although he
was, no one was so eloquent in denunciation of human slavery and of
those who were plotting against the Union. To those of us who knew
and heard Robert G. Ingersoll at that time, it was not surprising
that on the day of the firing upon Fort Sumter he declared himself
for his country and against her enemies, and that from that day
forward he was a Republican in politics. No man can estimate the
power and influence of Ingersoll in arousing the American people to
a sense of their solemn responsibilities when the war came upon
them, or in awakening them to a sense of justice and a proper
appreciation of the rights of men. One must have heard him before
a great audience in the open air, as we in Illinois so often did,
to appreciate his great power. Every emotion of his soul, every
pulsation of his heart, was for his country and for liberty; and no
other man has ever been able in so high a degree to inspire others
with the sentiments that animated him. No just history of Illinois
can be written without placing high upon the scroll of fame the
name of Robert G. Ingersoll."

     It will accordingly be seen, at least on the face of events,
that Ingersoll was a Democrat until the attack upon Fort Sumter,
April 12, 1861, and a Republican thence to the day of his death.
But to those who have alike the capacity and the candor to see
beneath the superficiality of a mere political denomination, it
will be convincingly evident, more especially as we proceed, that,
as a matter of actuality, he was, from first to last, not primarily
either a Democrat or a Republican, but an unfaltering champion of
both physical and intellectual liberty, of justice, and of the
American Republic, as the best means of achieving and maintaining
them.

     In the same year (1860), Ingersoll delivered at Pekin, Ill.,
the first of his anti-theological lectures of which any report has
been preserved. It was entitled Progress. This lecture, which,
naturally with some slight additions, was again delivered at
Bloomington, Ill., in 1864, defines the meaning and the goal of
progress, discusses the conditions essential to the latter, and
presents a masterly arraignment of superstition, and of both
physical and mental slavery in all their forms. Those present must
have recognized in this peroration, -- coming with the grace and
ardor of flame from the heart and brain of early manhood, -- a
harbinger of him who, just twenty years later, was "unflatteringly"
pronounced, by another great orator, "the most brilliant speaker of
the English tongue of all men on this globe: -- (See Chapter 5 of
this work.)

     "We are standing on the shore of an infinite ocean whose
countless waves, freighted with blessings, are welcoming our
adventurous feet. Progress has been written on every soul. The
human race is advancing.

     Forward, oh sublime army of progress, forward until law is
justice, forward until ignorance is unknown, forward while there is
a spiritual or temporal throne, forward until superstition is a

                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               24

             INGERSOLL, A BIOGRAPHICAL APPRECIATION

forgotten dream, forward until the world is free, forward until
human reason, clothed in the people of authority, is king of
kings."

                               4.

     Biography is replete with accounts according to which, in the
immutable succession of cause and effect, occurrences of great
import have followed the most trivial incidents, -- according to
which the lives of very great individuals have been influenced, for
good or for evil, by the acts of very small ones. But of all men of
genius, Ingersoll is probably the only one the supreme event of
whose life hinged solely on the wanton pranks of perhaps the most
despised of the animal kingdom. Nor does the shadow of tragedy that
regrettably darkens the brief narrative now to be related detract
from its romance.

     In the autumn of 1861, in Peoria County, Ill., some pigs
belonging to a farmer, got astray and were impounded. Their owner,
endeavoring to free them, ripped some boards off the pound,
whereupon the pound-master interfered and was shot. An indictment
for murder followed; and Ingersoll was retained as counsel for the
defense. There being much public feeling over the case, a change of
venue was made in favor of Groveland, in Tazewell County.

     Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin Weld Parker then resided at Groveland,
whence, after their marriage, in 1836, they had removed from
Boston. -- But before proceeding with our story, it is necessary,
in order that the event which it relates may appear in its actual
significance, to introduce what might otherwise seem like
irrelevant biographical and genealogical facts. Mr. and Mrs. Parker
had been preceded to Groveland by Mr. Parker's brothers and mother.
The latter, Mrs. Sarah Buckman Parker, was then the widow of a
wealthy shipping merchant -- a descendant of Captain John Parker,
who opened the Battle of Lexington with the words: "Stand your
ground; don't fire unless fired upon; but if they mean to have a
war, let it begin here." Another descendant of Captain Parker was
Theodore Parker, the Unitarian. The Buckman Tavern at Lexington,
where met the minute-men, where the wounded were taken, and where
marks of the battle are still visible, was kept by the father of
Mrs. Sarah Buckman Parker. The latter was a remarkably intelligent
and liberal-minded woman. At least one of her ancestors was
unusually liberal for his day. Joseph Weld, of England, was a
Protestant when all the rest of his family were Catholics. He came
to America with his brother; and when, in 1637, Anne Hutchinson was
tried for heresy and sentenced to banishment from the Massachusetts
Colony, Joseph Weld gave her refuge for two or three months, or
until the wintry elements had abated sufficiently to permit of her
departure. Sarah Buckman Parker had made a study of the different
religions, including Christianity, with its several creeds, and had
rejected all, becoming a disciple of Thomas Paine. Naturally,
therefore, at Groveland, in the thirties, she was one of the first
"infidels" of the "West"; and among her many direct descendants,
there has never been a single orthodox believer. Even the wife of
her son Benjamin Weld Parker, who was Miss Harriene E. Lyon,
daughter of a prominent resident and paper manufacturer of Newton
Lower Falls, Mass., was not a Christian. In fact, if Huxley had 


                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               25

             INGERSOLL, A BIOGRAPHICAL APPRECIATION

been present to offer it, both Mr. and Mrs. Parker doubtless would
readily have accepted, as the best-fitting intellectual garment,
his title of "Agnostic." And not only were they intellectual: they
were mentally and socially hospitable. The latter seems well
evidenced by the fact that one Boston friend came for a visit and
remained forty years, another nine years, and still another three
years. Many persons came long distances to converse with Mrs. Sarah
Buckman Parker, who frequently visited her son. At the Parkers' was
such a library as very few possessed in those days; and Plato says
that "a house with a library in it has a soul." Certainly there was
soul of strongly magnetic quality in this house; for the latter was
the center of a very brilliant and influential circle. It stood on
the post-road between Springfield and Peoria; and many of the best-
known men of the time, such as Leonard Swett, David Davis, and
Abraham Lincoln, often partook of the rare social and intellectual
delights that were served within its ever-welcoming portals.

     Mr. and Mrs. Parker had long been ardent admirers of the young
oratorical genius in Peoria. They recognized that he was beginning
to utter thoughts worthy of the men whose works consecrated the
front most shelves of their library. When, therefore, he visited
Groveland on the legal mission already mentioned, it was inevitable
(Mr. Parker having been an eager listener to the eloquent defense)
that he should receive an invitation to dinner.

     At the Parkers' that evening, Robert G. Ingersoll was
impressed by two incidents -- by one far more deeply than the
other: He saw some books on which were the names "Volney,"
"Voltaire," and "Thomas Paine," and he looked, for the first time,
into the eyes of the woman he loved. On the 13th of the following
February, in the same house, Eva A. Parker, "a woman without
superstition," became his wife.

     Referring, in after-years, to the circumstances under which
they met, -- to the shooting of the pound-master, and the
consequent trial at Groveland, -- Ingersoll was wont to say, in
characteristic epigram: "In the echo of that shot was the cry of my
babes."

                               5.

     Meantime, with all his hatred of slavery, with all his love of
liberty -- his veins thrilled with the blood that had made the
Declaration a reality -- it was natural that the young orator
should relinquish, for the moment, the golden thread of eloquence,
to grasp that which was then far "mightier," for the sacred cause
of "Union and Liberty" at least, than either tongue or "pen."
Accordingly, he was one of the first to respond to the Nation's
call, being instrumental in raising three regiments of volunteers,
during the summer and autumn of 1861. But we are concerned chiefly
with the last of these organizations.

     Having obtained (in conjunction with Mr. Basile D. Meek)
permission to form a regiment of cavalry, Ingersoll "Joined for
service" on September 16th, and began recruiting in October. He was
commissioned colonel, to rank from the 22d of the latter month, by
Richard Yates, governor of Illinois. Recruits for the regiment
began to arrive at Camp Lyon, Peoria, about November 1st; and on 

                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               26

             INGERSOLL, A BIOGRAPHICAL APPRECIATION

December 20th, the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry Volunteers, consisting
of twelve full companies, Colonel Robert G. Ingersoll commanding,
was mustered into the service of the United States and mounted. It
remained at Camp Lyon until February 22, 1862, when it broke camp
and marched overland to Benton Barracks, Mo., near St. Louis. --

     "We see them all as they march away under the flaunting flags,
keeping time to the grand, wild music of war -- marching down the
streets of the great cities -- through the towns and across the
prairies -- down to the fields of glory, to do and to die for the
eternal right" (From 'A VISION OF WAR') It may be doubted whether
there ever was another aggregation of officers and men more
absolutely devoted to their commander.

     March 26th mast have furnished a "crowded hour" of mingled
sadness and patriotic devotion for Colonel Ingersoll; for on that
day the last of his regiment departed, by boat, from St. Louis, for
Pittsburg Landing, near the seat of war; and only since February
13th had "the one of all the world "been" wooed and won." Mrs.
Ingersoll had accompanied her husband to St. Louis,' whence she was
to return home. --

     "And some are talking with wives, and endeavoring with brave
words, spoken in the old tones, to drive from their hearts the
awful fear." (From 'A VISION OF WAR')

     On April 1st the regiment landed, the first battalion at
Crump's Lauding, where it joined the forces of General Lew Wallace;
the remainder of the regiment, at Pittsburg Landing, about two
miles from which it encamped. It was in the heat of the Battle of
Shiloh, on the 6th and 7th, meeting with severe losses in both
killed and wounded. In that battle, the greatest that had thus far
been fought on land, Colonel Ingersoll, although it was his first
experience under fire, won great admiration for his soldierly
conduct and courage. His regiment was on duty between Pittsburg
Landing and Corinth until the capture of the latter, and
Participated in the celebrated raid in its rear. It took part in
the engagements at Bolivar, Tenn., on August 30th, and at Davis
Bridge, on the Hatchie River, Tenn., on September 25th, sustaining
severe loss at the latter. In the Battle of Corinth, on October 3d
and 4th,' Colonel Ingersoll exemplified the same admirable
qualities the possession of which he had demonstrated on the field
of Shiloh. In addition to his services in these two memorable
battles, and in the less memorable engagements indicated, he of
course performed his full share of the extremely active and arduous
duties of reconnoitring, scouting, and skirmishing that ordinarily
devolve upon cavalry in the field.

     During the winter of 1862-'63, his regiment was stationed at
Jackson, Tenn. Having been advised that Brigadier-General
(subsequently Lieutenant-General' Nathan B. Forrest, of the
Confederate army, who was on an expedition into West Tennessee, was
crossing Tennessee River at Clifton, with a large force, Colonel
Ingersoll's immediate superior, Brigadier-General Jeremy C.
Sullivan, of the Federal army, commanding the District of Jackson,
ordered Colonel Ingersoll to proceed toward that river. Forrest's
immediate objective point, apparently, was Jackson, which is about 


                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               27

             INGERSOLL, A BIOGRAPHICAL APPRECIATION

fifty miles to the northwest of Clifton. Accordingly, Colonel
Ingersoll left Jackson on the evening of December 16th, taking with
him two hundred of his own regiment and one section (two guns) of
the Fourteenth Indiana Battery. On the morning of the 17th, he
arrived at Lexington, which is a few miles north of the middle of
a direct line between Jackson and Clifton, and where he was joined
by two hundred and seventy-two of the Second West Tennessee. Having
resumed his march, he halted, soon after noon, about five miles
east of Lexington. At nightfall, his cavalry scouts having reported
the appearance of the enemy in large force a few miles in front, he
fell back to within half a mile of Lexington. Here he was joined by
two hundred of the Fifth Ohio, making his total force, including a
reconnoitring party which had been sent ahead three days before,
about eight hundred officers and men. Of these, about three hundred
were poorly equipped, and had never been under fire, while two
hundred more were raw recruits, having never been under fire, nor
even drilled. Colonel Ingersoll's total effective force was
therefore scarcely more than three hundred officers and men,
including only two guns.

     About daybreak of the 18th, four and one-half miles east of
Lexington, the advance pickets of the enemy were sighted; and,
after considerable skirmishing, an engagement ensued. In his first
assault, the enemy, who was now seen to be in great numbers, was
gallantly repulsed; but Colonel Ingersoll deemed it best for the
main part of his force to fall back and concentrate its efforts in
another direction, in which the enemy was reported to be
approaching in even greater numbers, by means of a bridge,' (over
Beech Creek) which, contrary to Colonel Ingersoll's orders, one of
the officers under his command had failed to destroy during the
previous evening. No sooner had Colonel Ingersoll gained his new
position than he found that the enemy was pouring in from all
directions. It was then that Colonel Ingersoll exhibited, even more
admirably than he had done at Shiloh and Corinth, soldierly
judgment, remarkable coolness, and bravery. Sending a detachment to
hold the bridge, he planted his two guns in the Lexington road,
deployed the remainder of his little handful of men in a single
line at right angles to the road, on either side, and awaited the
assault. Nor did he wait long; for, in a moment, the forces of
General Forrest -- a column not only longer than his own single
file, but five and six ranks deep -- bore quickly down upon him,
sweeping before them, on the full run, the detachment which Colonel
Ingersoll had sent to hold the bridge. The members of this
detachment had never before been under fire, nor felt the
terrifying potency of the "rebel yell"; and it was impossible to
stop them. Meanwhile, a part of Colonel Ingersoll's own cavalry, in
the rear of the guns, was ordered to advance and, as soon as those
on the retreat were out of the way, charge the enemy, which was
then and again repulsed. About this time, Colonel Ingersoll
dismounted and stood by the guns, encouraging his men, and
personally directing their fire, until a desperate cavalry charge
was transformed into a hand-to-hand encounter, and until the enemy
swept over and around him. But as well might a child have attempted
to arrest the progress of an avalanche. For, despite Colonel
Ingersoll's personal gallantry, and that of many of his officers
and men, particularly those of his own cavalry and of the
artillery, many others, when most imperatively needed, could not be


                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               28

             INGERSOLL, A BIOGRAPHICAL APPRECIATION

successfully rallied; and even had the conduct of the latter been
just the opposite, the outcome of the engagement could hardly have
been different from what it was. For the enemy was in overpowering
numbers -- variously estimated, in official Federal reports, at
from five thousand to twenty thousand, including eight twelve-
pounder guns. Thrice repulsed, his fourth assault (having
succeeded, in spite of Colonel Ingersoll's efforts to prevent, in
sending a flanking detachment on either side) was a complete
victory, twenty-two officers and men being either killed or
wounded, and one hundred and forty-eight others, including Colonel
Ingersoll, being taken prisoners.It is significant that General
Forrest, reporting to General Bragg, six days later, concerning
this and the several other engagements in West Tennessee, commends
his officers "for their gallantry in the fight at Lexington," one
of them, Captain Frank B. Gurley, of the Fourth Alabama Cavalry,
who captured the guns, having lost "his orderly-sergeant by the
fire of the gun when within 15 feet of its muzzle." General Forrest
mentions, in this connection, only one other fight.

     It is thoroughly characteristic of Ingersoll, that, even at
the frightful crisis of his capture, his wit was in active
evidence. "Stop firing!" he shouted to Major G. V. Rambaut, of
General Forrest's command. "I'll acknowledge your d----  old
Confederacy." Immediately after this, the General himself rode up,
and substantially the following colloquy occurred: --

     "Who's in command of those troops?" cried Forrest, pointing
toward some of the flying cavalrymen.

     "I don't know," replied Ingersoll, joculady. "Who was in
command?" amended the General.

     "If you'll keep the secret," said Ingersoll, blandly, "I'll
tell you. I was."

     At that moment began a warm friendship, which terminated only
with the life of General Forrest. He never lost an opportunity to
visit the Federal colonel who, "in the great days," unwillingly but
wittily became his guest.

     Three days after his capture, Colonel Ingersoll was paroled by
General Forrest, and sent to St. Louis, to command a camp of other
paroled prisoners. There, despairing of exchange and return to
active duty, he resigned his commission, and was honorably
discharged, on June 30, 1863. But the Republic by no means lost his
services; for, returning to civil life in Peoria, he embraced, with
ardent and patriotic devotion, every opportunity to further, with
his incomparable eloquence and great prestige, the cause of "Union
and Liberty."

                          ****     ****

    Reproducible Electronic Publishing can defeat censorship.

   The Bank of Wisdom is always looking for more of these old,
hidden, suppressed and forgotten books that contain needed facts
and information for today. If you have such books please contact
us, we need to give them back to America.

                         Bank of Wisdom
                  Box 926, Louisville, KY 40201
                               29
