





                 ATLAN FORMULARIES - PO Box 95, Apena, Arkansas 72611











                              C02 BOMB - By Clyde Barrow
                      POOR MAN'S JAMES BOND Vol.2 - Kurt Saxon

            Empty  C02  cartridge can  be used  As  mini bombs  or grenades
          Esther  singly or In  groups attached to  a central pope  bomb or
          grenade device. A  3/16 Inch  diameter hole 18  drilled Into  the
          neck of  the cartridge. A small  funnel Is used to  full the bomb
          with black or smokeless powder.

          A  section of  3/16 Inch diameter  cannon and  hobby fuse  Is now
          glued Into the hole make sure to cut the ends on a diagonal. Thus
          will assure positive Ignition  of the powder. If a  fragmentation
          effect Is  desired a layer of  finish Nails or tacks  Is taped to
          the outside of  the cartridge. The nails  may first be dipped  In
          poison If  desired.  A  fragmentation  device  capable  of  large
          distribution can be made  by taping several of these  small bombs
          to  a central  pipe bomb or  grenade. The fuse  of the Individual
          bombs are trimmed to the  same length and the ends to be  lot are
          held together loosely with a rubber  band . These fuses should be
          set to burn several seconds longer than the  Main bomb or grenade
          fuse.  After all fuses are lit the  unit is thrown or shot from a
          launcher.  When the  Main bomb  explodes the  mini bombs  will be
          scattered through the Air over a wide area and then a few seconds
          later each  bomb will explode  Individually. Each  of these  mini
          bombs will In Turn spray their respective areas with shrapnel.
            The fuse should  always be tested  beforehand to determine  the
          specific burning rate. Each new roll of fuse should be tested  as
          the burning rate may vary from one roll to another.













                            (501) 437-2999 - FAX 437-2973                                          1
