911125                                                Link”ping,Sweden

Directions on how to manufacture Acetone Peroxide in a kitchen.

1.What is Acetone Peroxide?
Acetone Peroxide (in this text refered to as AP) is a primary explosive
which is easily obtained by the mixing of Acetone and 30-35% Hydrogen
Peroxide by the catalysts of a mineralic acid (E.g Sulphuric Acid).
It can also be used in conjunction with Ammonium Nitrate in secondary
explosives yielding the power of 3/4 of dynamite.

2.How to make it.....
What you need:
Acetone (technicaly pure,easily bought in paintstores).
Hydrogen Peroxide (30-35%,easily bought in paintstores).
Sulphuric Acid (Concentrated,easily bought in paintstores).
Baking Soda
BTB
Glass Jar
A bucket with icewater.

How ?:
Mix 10 parts of the Hydrogen Peroxide with 1 part of the Sulphuric Acid.
Let it cool in the icewater (for at least 30 minutes).Then add Acetone in 
small batches letting the mixture cool totally before adding the next batch.
Estimate the batches to about 0.5 parts of volume and wait about an hour 
between each and you will be on the safe side.

And what next?:
Filter of the white powder from the liquid (a very special acid smell fills
the room).Dissolve the Baking soda into water just so much that one crystal
wont dissolve even after violent stirring.Add the white powder (AP) to the
approximately 20 parts of water and add as much BTB that you get a clear 
colour (yellow).Add the Baking Soda solution until you get a green colour.
Filter of the (AP).Dry it overnight.

Acetone peroxide will detonate by the action of flame or percussion.

A very good secondary explosive can be made by mixing the AP with 
Ammonium Nitrate which is found in fertilizers.
The fertilizer you use must contain at least 80 percent Ammonium Nitrate.
Mix the pulverized Ammonium Nitrate with AP properly.
You may use the following proportions depending on the purity of the
Ammonium Nitrate.

1. Technically pure,dry Ammonium Nitrate:
90 % Ammonium Nitrate
10 % Acetone Peroxide

2. Quite pure (90%) Swedish N-24,26,28  DRY!!!!
85 % Ammonium Nitrate
15 % Acetone Peroxide

3. Poor quality DRY!!!!
75 % Ammonium Nitrate
25 % Acetone Peroxide

4. Poor quality ,damp but not wet. 
50 % Ammonium Nitrate
50 % Acetone Peroxide

Please use this information carefully!!!!
The use of these explosives on humans are only justified in the case of war!!
