   So, you want to learn about some explosives, eh sonny? Well,
you have come to the right place. Starting with this file, a
series begins that will try to bring that world of demolitions
and fun ( ha ha ) a little closer to you. This serier,
ingeniously dubbed the "Explosive Files" will go through the
many types of explosives around. In addition, a few sidetracks
will be made on the way in the areas of fireworks or whatever
seems appropriate. As you delve through what is contained in the
files, you may find some helpful information, you may not. But
have fun reading them anyway.

         **********************************************
         *                                            *
         *                 DISCLAIMER                 *
         *               ::::::::::::::               *
         *                                            *
         *   The author and the management takes no   *
         *   responsibility whatever for any of the   *
         *  information presented from hereon in any  *
         *    of the Explosive Files. There are no    *
         *     warranties what-so-ever, express or    *
         *                   implied.                 *
         *                                            *
         **********************************************

   If you haven't figured this one out yet, this file is
formatted for 80 columns. And the rest of the files are the same
way. So, using a quote I saw once on a file on a board,
             " Use your damn printers people !!! "

   And now on with the show.



                           EXPLOSIVES
                ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::


   To start learning about explosives, you have got to start at
the begining. I plan to be as thorough as possible, but I may
forget things every now and then. The files should still be
complete though. So now to start at the begining......

   An explosive is a substance that, under the influence of heat,
shock, or some other agency, undergoes a chemical reaction that
causes it to decompose or break up quickly with more or less
violence ( whew ). Explosives fly to pieces because the materials
composing them react in such a way that solids or liquids are
suddenly converted into gases, which tend to expand and rapidly
fill a larger volume of space. Heat is also developed and acts as
a catalyst ( something that changes the speed of the reaction in
some way. In this case it speeds it up. ). The noise associated
with an explosion is caused by air waves. An explosion is an
intensified combustion also.
   The history of explosives is too long for one file, but
certain events are covered in individual files. For instance,
gunpowder's history is in the gunpowder file.
   Lets narrow the scope a little here and get a little
introduction into explosives. How they are classified is a good
thing to know, so here it is.

   There are basically 3 differnt types of explosives existing.
All explosives fall into one of these categories somewhere. What
follows is a listing of each of these categories with a brief
description and some examples.


I. Propellants

   Propellants, or low explosives, are combustible materials,
containing within themselves all oxygen needed for their
combustion. They burn themselves out but do not explode, and
function by producing gas which explodes.

Examples are Black powder and smokeless powder.


II. Primary Explosives

   Primary Explosives, or initiators as they are sometimes
called , explode or detonate when they are heated or subjected
to shock. They do not burn and sometimes they do not even
contain the elements necessary for combustion. The materials
themselves explode, and the explosion results whether they are
confined or not. Their brisance, or the shock which they produce
when they explode, differs considerably in different explosives,
as does their sensitivity to heat and the amount of heat they
give off.

Examples : Mercury Fulminate, Lead Azide, Fulminating Gold,
the mixture of Red Phosphorus with Potassium Chlorate, Copper
Acetylide, Nitrogen Sulfide, and Tetracene.


III. High Explosives

   High Explosives detonate under the influence of the shock
of the explosion of a suitable primary explosive. They do not
function by burning. Most of them can be ignited by a flame
though and in a small amount generally burn tranquilly and can
be extinguished easily. If heated to a high temperature by
external heat or by their own combustion, they will sometimes
explode. They are generally more brisant and powerful than
primary explosives. They exert a mechanical effect on whatever
is near them when they explode, whether they are confined or
not.

Examples : Dynamite, Trinitrotoluene, Tetryl, Picric Acid,
Nitrocellulose, Nitroglycerin, Liqiud Oxygen mixed with wood
pulp, fuming Nitric Acid mixed with Nitrobenzene, Ammonium
Nitrate , Ammonium Perchlorate, and Nitroguanidine.


   So Now you have taken the first step toward your explosive
education. The next file will be on igniters and will be
important for detonating stuff. See ya then.

           !             !
         - * Flash Point * -
           !             !



                                                     !                        
/
                                                   \! /
 -------------------------------------------------\- / /
                         I G N I T E R S      --- + * + ---
 -------------------------------------------------/- \ \
                     The Explosives Files II       /! \
                                                  /  ! \
                          by Flash Point             !

(c) 1983, 1984 The Agency; Prism Industries

Call The Agency (818) 794 - 8916
10 meg soon (I hope).

These files may not be changed at all when posted on other systems.
Please do not delete any of the credits.
These files may be posted on other systems with the permission of The Agency.

    A small but major part of any explosive is how to ignite it.
Some materials, like gunpowder, will ignite quickly when in
contact with flame. But some explosives will not light by just
a flame and hence they require some thing with some more power,
maybe even another explosive. What follows is a list of your
basic igniters.


BLACK MATCH

          Black match is made with fine, soft cotton twine and
meal powder. It is easily made by twisting 3 or 4 strands of the
twine together and covering the resulting cord with a paste made
by mixing the meal powder with water. The excess paste should be
wiped off and the cord should be allowed to dry while stretched
across a frame. A slower match can be made by twisting the twine
and using a homemade black powder as the paste. This powder is
made by mixing 6 parts Potassium nitrate, 1 part sulfur, and 1
part soft wood charcoal. This match and slight derivations are
used on nearly ever firework available. Its cheap, reliable if
made right, and easy.


QUICK MATCH

          Quick match is black match inserted into a paper tube
which does not need to fit tightly. When light, the black match
burns through the tube at a extremely quick rate.


MINERS FUSE

     Miners Fuse is also called Safety Fuse or Bickford Fuse. It
consists of a central thread surrounded by a core of black powder
enclosed within a tube of woven threads, which is then surrounded
by waterproof materials, etc. It commonly burns at the rate of 1
foot a minute. When the fire reaches the end, a jet of flame
about 1 inch long shoots out for the purpose of igniting black
powder or lighting a blasting cap.


DETONATING FUSE

     Detonating Fuse, or Cordeau, is a narrow tube filled with
high explosive. When the explosion is initiated at one end by a
detonator, the explosion travels along the tube with a high
velocity which causes other high explosives in its path to
explode. In America, cordeau is made from lead tubes filled with
TNT, from aluminum or tin tubes filled with Picric Acid, and from
tubes of woven fabric filled with Nitrocellulose or PETN ( yes,
thats Pentaerythrite Tetranitrate ).


BLASTING CAPS

     Instead of making a whole seperate file out of blasting
caps, my first intention, I will just put the stuff here.

     Blasting caps were invented in 1867 by Alfred Nobel, who
also first made Nitroglycerin, invented dynamite and blasting
gelatin, and provided funding to start the Nobel prizes. What a
cool dude. There exist 3 different kinds of blasting caps,
varying from a simple fuse wrapped by explosive to a complicated
waterproff cap involving an electrical detonation. . There is
also 8 grades, or strengths of caps, denoted by numbers (  No. 1,
No. 6, etc. ). Usually the strength is marked on the cap.

     SIDENOTE : Electrically ignited caps are the most common
type available. If you live anywhere near a quarry, try to get a
tour of the place. Watch wherever you walk. blasting caps abound
in areas like this. When nobodys looking, pocket a few.

     What follows is a generally useless chart, but here it is
anyway. It shows a little about the strengths of each cap type
( see another file about mercury fulminate ).

               Weight of Mercury                External
                   Fulminate                   Dimensions
                 :::::::::::::               ::::::::::::::

                     grams             diameter,mm    length,mm
                     :::::             :::::::::::    :::::::::

No. 1                 .30                  5.5           16
No. 2                 .40                  5.5           22
No. 3                 .54                  5.5           26
No. 4                 .65                   6            28
No. 5                 .80                   6           30-32
No. 6                1.00                   6            35
No. 7                1.50                   6           40-45
No. 8                2.00                  6-7          50-55

   Make sure you check out the next 3 files which are probably
the best ones out of the whole group.

          !>Flash Point<!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

                        PRIMARY HIGH EXPLOSIVE

                           * Flash  Point *


(c) 1983, 1984 The Agency; Prism Industries.

Call The Agency (818) 794 - 8916
10 meg soon?

These files may not be changed at all if they are to be posted on another 
system.  Please do not delete any of the credits.  These files may be posted
on other systems with the permission of THE AGENCY.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Here we are with a list of primary high explosives. It's not
much, but there are not many of them. There are many more
secondary high and low explosives ( see the next two files ).

Mercury Fulminate
:::::::::::::::::

     Mercury Fulminate is an initiating explosive, commonly
appearing as white or gray crystals. It is extremely sensetive to
initiation by heat, friction, spark or flame, and impact. It will
detonate when initiated by any of the ways. When stored
continiously at temperatures above 100 degrees F it gradually
becomes inert. A dark-colored product of deterioration gives
evidence of this condition. Mercury Fulminate is commonly stored
underwater except in places where freezing is possible. Then it
is stored under a mixture of water and alcohol.


Lead Styphnate
:::: :::::::::

     Lead Styphnate is an initiating explosive, usually appearing
in orange or white crystals. It is easily ignited by heat and
static discharge, but cannot be used to start secondary high
explosive reliably. Lead Styphnate is an ingredient in priming
mixtures for small arms ammunition. Lead Styphnate is stored
underwater except where freezing is possible. Then it stored
under water and alcohol.


Lead Azide
:::: :::::

     Lead Azide is an initiating explosive produced as a white to
buff crystalline substance. It is more reliable than Mercury
Fulminate and it does not decompose during long storage at
moderately elevated temperatures ( 90 and above ). It should not
be loaded into copper or brass containers because Copper Azide,
an extremely sensitive explosive, can be formed in the presence
of moisture.


DDNP
Diazodinitrophenol
::::::::::::::::::

     DDNP is a primary high explosive. It is used extensively in
commercial blasting caps that are initiated by black powder
safety fuse. It is superior to Mercury Fulminate in stability
but is not as stable as Lead Azide. DDNP is desenzitized by
immersion in water.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     SECONDARY HIGH EXPLOSIVES
                                     
                       File #4 - Flash Point             
                                     
(c) 1983, 1984 The Agency; Prism Industries
                                     
Call The Agency (818) 794 - 8916     
10 meg soon?!?
                                     
These files may not be edited if they are to be posted on other systems.
Please do not delete any of the credits.
These files may be posted on other systems with the permission of THE AGENCY.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     
   This section is a rather complete listing of secondary high
explosives. They are listed in no particular order and thay all
have a bit of information about them again, just like the
primary high explosives. I think that this is probably the best
file in the whole group so have fun.


TNT
TRINITROLOLUENE
:::::::::::::::

     TNT is produced from Toluene, Sulfuric acid, and Nitric
acid. It is powerful high explosive. It is well suited for steel
cutting, concrete breaching, general demonlition, and underwater
demolition. It is a stable explosive and relatively insensitive
to shock. It may be detonated by a blasting cap or primacord.
TNT is toxic and its dust should not be inhaled or allowed
contact with the skin.


NITROSTARCH
:::::::::::

     Nitrostarch is composed of Starch Nitrate, Barium Nitrate,
and Sodium Nitrate. It is more sensitive to flame, friction, and
shock than TNT but not as powerful. It is initiated by
detonating cord.


TETRYL
::::::

     Tetryl is a fine, yellow crystalline material and exhibits
a very high shattering power. It is commonly used as a booster
in explosive trains. It is stable in storage. It is used in
detonators.


RDX
CYCLONITE
:::::::::

     RDX is a white crystalline solid that exhibits very high
shattering power. It is commonly used as a booster in explosive
trains or as a main bursting charge. It is stable in storage.


NITROGLYCERIN
:::::::::::::

     Nitroglycerin is manfactured by treating Glycerin with a
nitrating mixture of Nitric Acid and Sulfuric acid. It is thick,
clear to yellow-brownish, and extremely powerful and shock
sensetive. Nitroglycerin freezes at 56 degrees farenheit in
which state it is less sensitive to shock than in liquid form.


COMMERCIAL DYNAMITE
:::::::::::::::::::

     Commercial dynamite comes in three principal types.
Straight dynamite, Ammonia dynamite, and Gelatin dynamite. Each
type is further divided into a series of grades. All dynamites
contain Nitroglycerin in varying amounts and the strength of the
explosion is related to the Nitroglycerin content. Dynamite
ranges in detonation velocity from 4000 to 23,000 feet per
second and is sensitive to shock. Dynamite is initiated by
electric or nonelectric blasting caps.


PETN
PENTAERYTHRITE TETRANITRATE
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::

     PETN is one of the most powerful of military explosives and
is almost equal in force to nitroglycrerine and RDX. When used
in detonating cord, it has a detonation velocity of 21,000
f.p.s. and is relatively insensitive to friction and shock from
handling and transportation.


MILITARY DYNAMITE
:::::::::::::::::

     Military ( construction ) dynamite, unlike other commercial
dynamite, does not absorb or retain moisture, contains no
nitroglycerine, and is much safer to store, handle, and
transport. It detonates at a velocity of about 20,000 feet per
second and is good for military construction, quarrying, or
demolition. It may be detonated with an electric or nonelectric
military blasting cap or detonating cord.


AMATOL
::::::

     Amatol is a high explosive, white to buff in color. It is a
mixture of Ammonium nitrate and TNT, with a relative
effectiveness slightly higher than TNT alone. Amatol is used a
main bursting charge in artillery shells and bombs. Amatol
absorbs moisture and can form dangerous compounds with copper
and brass.


BLASTING GELATIN
::::::::::::::::

     Blasting gelatin is a translucent material of an elastic,
jellylike texture and is made in a number of different colors.
It is considered to be the most powerful industrial explosive.
It is more water resistant than Gelatin dynamite.


COMPOSITION C4
::::::::::::::

     Composition C4 is a white plastic explosive more powerful
than TNT. It consists of 91% RDX and 9% plastic binder. It
remains plastic over a wide range of temperatures (-70 F. to 170
F. ), and is as sensitive as TNT. It is eroded less than other
plastic explosives when immersed is water for long periods. It
is well suited for cutting steel and timber and breaching
concrete.


COMPOSITION B
:::::::::::::

     Composition B is a high explosive mixture with a relative
efffectiveness higher than that of of TNT. It is also more
sensetive that TNT. It is composed of 59% RDX, 40% TNT, and 1%
wax. Because of its shattering power and high rate of
detonation, Composition B is used as the main charge in certain
bangalore torpedoes and shaped charges.


AMMONIUM NITRATE
::::::::::::::::

     Ammonium Nitrate is a white crystalline substance that is
extremely water absorbent and is therefor usually packed in a
sealed metal container. It has a low velocity of detonation (
3600 f.p.s ) and is used primarily as an additive to other
explosives. It is only 55% as powerful as TNT.


HMX
:::

     HMX is a solid high explosive commonly used as a booster
and sometimes as a main charge where its shattering effect is
needed. It is a white substance with a rather high melting
point; hence it is usually pressed into its container. It may be
initiated by Lead azide or Mercury fulminate.


PENTOLITE
:::::::::

     Pentolite is a high explosive made from equal mixtures of
PETN and TNT. It is light yellow and is used as the main
bursting charge in grenades, small shells, and shaped charges.
Pentolite should not be drilled to produce cavities; forming
tools should be used.


PICRIC ACID
:::::::::::

     Picric Acid is a yellow crystalline, high explosive
bursting charge. it is initiated by Lead azide or Mercury
fulminate and has the same effectiveness as TNT. When in contact
with lead, Picric acid produces Lead Picrate, a sensitive and
violent explosive.


GUN COTTON
::::::::::

     Gun cotton is a nitrocellulose explosive made from cotton
fibers containing 13% or more of nitrogen. Although primarily
considered a propellant, it is sometimes used as a base charge
in electric detonators.


AMMONAL
:::::::

     Ammonal is a high explosive mixture composed of 22%
Ammonium nitrate, 67% TNT, and 11% flaked or powdered aluminum.
It is sometimes used as a filler for artillery shell. The
composition is 83% as effective as TNT and explodes with a
bright flash upon detonation.


IMPROVISED PLASTIC EXPLOSIVE FILLER
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

     Plastic explosive filler can be made from Potassium
Chlorate and petroleum jelly. The Potassium chlorate crystals
are ground into a very fine powder and then mixed with the
petroleum jelly. This explosive can be detonated with a No. 8
commercial blasting cap or with any military blasting cap. The
explosive must be stored in a waterproof container until ready
to use.


TETRYTOL
::::::::

     Tetrytol is a high explosive bursting charge containing 75%
Tetryl and 25% TNT. It is used as a demolitions explosive, a
bursting charge for mines, and in artillery shells. It is about
as strong as TNT.

              !>Flash Point<!


 .         .     .          .          .    .          .   .
     .                  .
.    .           .      .        .      .      .        .
       .       GUNPOWDER      .         .
.      .     .           .       .         .         .         .
                 .          .          .        .          .
     .    .            .          .        .                   .
.     .        .             .        .         .     .      .

Explosives file #5 by Flashpoint.

(c) 1983; 1984 The Agency; Prism Industries

Call The Agency (818) 794 - 8916
10 meg soon?!?

These files may not be changed if they are to be posted on other systems.
Please do not delete any of the credits.  These files may be posted on other
systems with the permission of THE AGENCY.
---------------------------------------

     Probably the most common explosive you will ever encounter
in your travels is gunpowder. It is nearly everwhere. Most every
firework will use gunpowder. It is the easiest to make, and the
cheapest of all the explosive. How about a little bit of history
here...

     Gunpowder is the oldest of all the known explosives. It's
invention is credited to the Chinese, the Arabs, and the Hindus,
but the first one to publish anything definite on it was friar
Roger Bacon of Oxford in 1242. He wrote a book telling how to
make an explosive mixture containing saltpeter. For this reason
Roger Bacon is sometimes considered the inventor of gunpowder.
     Berthold Schwartz, a monk, also played his part in
gunpowders history by helping to develop firearms using
gunpowders properties. By 1326 cannons were being used.
     Certainly gunpowder helped change the course of the world.
It has been used in things such as warfare to mechanical
assistance.
     By the way, Saltpeter is Potassium Nitrate ( KNO3 ). Also,
doesn't it seem a bit funny that most of the people involved in
the history of explosives were religious people?
     The modern gunpowder is commonly called Black Powder, but
is made in about the same way as its ancestors. Saltpeter,
charcoal, and sulphur are mechanically mixed into a fix powder.
The rate of ingition depends on the grain size ; the smaller the
grains, the faster it burns. The exact proportions of each
material can vary, and each mixture is a little different. But
the most effective powder has been found to be in the ratio of 6
parts Saltpeter, 1 part charcoal, and 1 part sulphur. Here are a
few other mixtures though for your enjoyment.


  DATE                   SALTPETER     CHARCOAL     SULFUR
  -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

  8th century                66           22          12
  8th century                70           23          7
  Roger Bacon                37           32          31
  1560                       50           33          17
  1781                       75           15          10
  1635                       75           12.5        12.5


     Brown powder, also called cocoa powder, was discovered and
it was found that it could be used as a replacement for normal
black charcoal. Brown powder is slower burning than its brother
and was used extensively in guns before smokeless powder was
developed. Cocoa powder is more sensitive to friction than
ordinary black powder. Samples have ingited when shaking in
canvas bags. As before, here are some exciting different
formulas.


           Saltpeter      Brown Charcoal      Sulphur
           <*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*>

               79               18              3
               78               19              3
               80               20              0


     There are a few more variations of gunpowder existing too,
so check out the next file for a listing.

     A common myth about gunpowder is that it explodes. This is
wrong ( I know a few people out there are saying I'm full of
shit, right ? Well, it's the truth ). To really understand waht
happens it is necessary to know a little about chemistry. I'll
try to explain it to the average person now.
     The formula for saltpeter is KNO3 ( Potassium nitrate ). If
you don't know yet, the O stands for an oxygen atom, and there
are 3 of them. The 3 is supposed to be sub-scripted by the way,
so just imagine that it is. This means that in the gunpowder
mixture, there is a whole bunch of oxygen atoms. Well, pure
oxygen burns. But how does it break out of the KNO3 ? The oxygen
is attracted to the sulphur and charcoal, but is bonded to the
nitrogen ( N ) and can't get away normally. When it is lit, the
ignition breaks the N-O bonds and in an instantaneous moment
solid and gaseous products are formed. What ends up happening is
that the gases cause the explosion. Its is really more
complicated than that, but I would take a good 50 sectors going
into detail. For a better understanding of this, pick up an
encyclopedia or ask your chemistry teacher.
                !>Flash Point<!
---------------------------------------


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               Other Powders

Explosives file #6 by Flashpoint

(c) 1983; 1984 The Agency; Prism Industries.

Call The Agency (818) 794 - 8916
10 meg soon?!?

These files may not be changed if they are to be posted on other systems.
Please do not delete any of the credits.  These files may be posted on other
systems with permission from THE AGENCY.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

    They couldn't let black powder get all lonesome by being the
only worthwile powder useful in explosives, so somebody invented
a few more. Some of these are better than black powder, some
worse, some more expensive, some more convenient. But they are
all powders.

BLASTING POWDER

     Since normal black powder burns rather quickly when mixed
well, a slower and cheaper powder is needed for blasting. A
powder of this type can be obtained by reducing the amount of
Potassium Nitrate. The French government has manufactured and
sold the following kinds of blasting powder.

              SALTPETER         CHARCOAL         SULFUR
              :::::::::         ::::::::         ::::::

                 72                15              13
                 40                30              30
                 62                18              20


     In the United States, most blasting powder is made from
Sodium nitrate. Some samples taken show the following ratios.

          SODIUM NITRATE        CHARCOAL        SULFUR
          ::::::::::::::        ::::::::        ::::::

                68                 10             22
                73                 11             16

     Pellet powders, made from Sodium Nitrate, are becoming
popular. They are cylindrical pellets, 2 inches long, wrapped in
paraffined paper cartridges, and are from 1 and 1/4 to 2 inches
in diameter. The pellets resemble cartridges of dynamite. From 2
to 4 pellets whice are perforated in the direction of their axis
are wrapped in the cartridges and a 3/8 hole is bored for
insertion of fuse for firing. The pellets are also sold in most
hardware stores for use in welding torches under names like Solid
OX pellets and generally cost about $ 8.00 for a can of 7 or 8
sticks. You can buy these pellets and grind them up for a good
source of Sodium Nitrate powder. It makes a hell of a black
powder.


II. AMMONPULVER

     Propellant powder made from Ammonium nitrate is about as
powerful as smokeless powder and has long had a limited use for
military uses, especially in Germany and Austria.
     In 1855, a powder was patented called Amidpulver. Later the
formula was improved, giving the powder a flashless discharge
whan fired in a gun and only a moderate amount of smoke.
Ammonpulver which contains no Potassium nitrate explodes with no
flash and little smoke.

                        AMMONIUM       POTASSIUM
                        NITRATE         NITRATE        CHARCOAL
                       ::::::::::     :::::::::::     ::::::::::

Amidpulver                 38             44              16
improved Amidpulver        37             14              49
other formula              85              -              15

   Ammonpulver has the advantages of being cheap, powerful,
flashless, and almost smokeless. It is insensitive to shock and
friction, and is more difficult to ignite than black powder. In
use it requires a strong igniter charge.




III. POUDER BRUGERE

   Pouder Brugere is made by grinding together the following
composition :

                 Ammonium nitrate           54 parts
                 Potassium nitrate          46 parts

The powder is pressed and granulated as in the making of black
powder. It is more powerful than black powder and gives less
smoke.



FRENCH AMMONAL

   French Ammonal is an easily improvised low explosive mixture
of 86% Ammonium nitrate, 6% Stearic acid, and 8% Aluminum powder.
It is generly less effective than and equal weight of TNT.
Initiation by a Engineer's special blasting cap is recommended.

                 !>Flash Point<!



