Almost every little vandal loves anarchy. If you object to Anarchy,
then do whatever you must do to abort this message NOW!

What is Anarchy??       Basically, Anarchy is the belief that there should be
                        no governing power over the people. (This includes
                        teachers, etc.)

Why should I like       To believe in Arnarchy is to believe in yourself. It's
Anarchy?                the feeling that you are independent, that you don't
                        need anyone to tell you what to do.

How do I become one?    Becoming an Anarchist is simple. All you must do is
                        oppose all forms of government. In short, to be bad.
                        This includes such things as terrorism. Most of those
                        tragedies you hear about in the Middle East are
                        performed by Anarchists.

     You don't need to hi-jack a plane or blow up an Embassy to be an
Anarchist (But you must have the guts to). Some forms of Anarchy are stuff
like blowing up cars, Vandalising anything you can find with an Anarchy
symbol (An "A" With a circle around it),  and breaking the law in general.
Not all Anarchy is that bad, but in order to be a true Anarchist, it's a
must.

Anarchy Bombs
------- -----

This is my favorite part! The time when you get to tell others how to do mean
and nasty stuff to others.

Smoke Bomb (Old Faithful)
----- ----

Mix Salt Peter and Sugar in a 1-1 ratio. Place the mixture in a T.V dinner pan
or something of the sort. Put some kind of fuse in it, light it, and watch the
smoke. I suggest to use this stuff at least 1/4lb at a time. For more smoke,
add more sugar (It will be harder to light).

Nalm Spray
------ -----

Take a light bulb (the bigger the better) and crack the globe part off
(leave the whole lightbulb intact, just seperated!). Mix in another container
Gasoline and dish washing detergent in a ratio so it looks like honey. Fill
the globe up about 1/2 inch full (don't let it get high enough to let it touch
where the filaments would be!). Place the top back on the globe and scotch
tape it back together (lightly). Now, turn OFF the lights and replace the bulb
The next person to flip the switch will get sprayed with flames that almost
can't be put out (they must burn out). (Old Vietnam Trick)

School Burner
------ ------

Take a book of matches and a cigarette. Lay the cigarette across the match
heads. Light the cigarette (Watch out for those match heads!). Wrap your
portable arson kit up in paper and toss it into a waste paper basket or near
something flamable. When the cigarette gets low enough, up go the match heads,
up goes the paper, and up goes whatever you pu it in! (I suggest school
dumpsters)

Paint Peeler
----- ------

To peel paint off of almost anything, just spray Easy Off oven cleaner on it
and let it sit. Nothing will appear to be happening, but when you rub it, the
paint will fall to the bare metal. (Works great on cars!)

Car Bomb
--- ----

Take a 4 in. piece of copper tube. Pack it tightly with gunpowder and close the
end up real tight. Next, use duct tape and tape it to the catalytic converter
of your enemies car. After about 15 mins. driving time, this should blow his 
whole exhaust system off of his car!




