Does anyone have the recipe for...
a small explosive-- mailbox bomb I suppose... You put a thin plastic container
of gasoline into a larger container of something else, and after a bit, the
gas eats through the container and mixes with the other stuff and explodes..
What is the chemical I am missing??!?!?!?!

You need either draino or bleach. Usually you put them in a ping-pong ball and
drop it into someones gas tank and run like hell. In 3-8 minutes BOOM!!! no
more car!

Well, I've heard of putting the drano\bleach in the
hole in the ping-pong ball, and covering it with (I think) either electrical
or duck tape, or something that the gasoline will eat through (besides the
ping-pong ball).  The more you wrap around, the longer it will take to
explode.

Watch out for bleach. I think there is ammonia gas inside of a ping pong ball.

you can use anti-freeze.  It works quite well, as well.  You're talking about
a large, powerful explosion, there.  I wouldn't go making those things around
others, or inside.

Is anyone POSITIVELY sure what the best thing to make one of those ping pong
ball car bombs out of?
Everyone agrees that you fill the ping pong ball with SOMETHING and put it in
the gas tank, provided the gas tank is full of gas.  But I've heard that you
can use bleach, amonia, draino, and something else.  What IS the best thing?
And more importantly, what is the best thing to cover the ping pong ball with
to make the delay longer?
I don't suppose anyone has any rough estimates on how long it would take
gasoline to eat through a normal ping pong ball, do you?

you could always fill a ping pong ball (what a .32 cent value) with water then
tape it up and drop it in a folders can full of gas (or do it many times with
different kinds of tape!) and I'm sure that the water/gasoline mixture will
pose no potential threat to human life.. hehe...  I am interested to see the
results..  If anyone does this, lemme know.  also, has anyone made Pandora's
Box from the plans I u/l'ed?  it looks like it could be fun..  Gives young
people, girls and animals a headache by produing high frequency noises..
please try this one and lemme know what happens ( and how much it costs you,
cause I am a scientist with a budget)

I thought of doing that.  But the gas might not actually eat through the ping
pong ball, it might just seep into it.  And it just seems to me it would be
kind of hard to judge the time it took for the gas to seep into the ball.
And, what's the best substance to put in the ball?

Instead of putting water in the ball, DO put ammonia, bleach, or whatever.. If
it's in a Folgers can <open>, and there's not TOO much gas, it won't explode,
it should just make huge flames.. just get in a dirt field, and wait.. that
way you know the exact time..

For sure,
although I don't recommend it, the subtance that is placed in the ping-pong
ball is anti-freeze.  To time the process, it doesn't matter if the gas seeps
into the ball, you want to find out how long it takes to dissolve the plastic.
As to the tape, I'd recommend Scotch tape, seeing as it's plastic. Amen.

Klepto did have a good idea for testing it.  As long as there isn't any
pressure, it shouldn't actually explode, just burst a fireball into the air,
right.

I think you're all forgetting another problem here!
Just how do you plan to get this ping-pong ball to fit down the narrow neck
where gas is put in the car that leads to the tank?? Ping-pong balls are too
big to fit in any of these cars that use unleaded gas for sure,and I don't
even know for sure if it would fit in the older cars using regular gas. I
think a better carrier is needed for the antifreeze,draino,bleach,or whatever
you plan to use!

Anti-freeze,
I said!  They did fit into the older cars, but, point well taken.  That should
be enough of a pretext to start another topic.  Anyone?

Use the geltin caplets. You should have about 5 secs. to get the hell out of
dodge before it blows!

Crystal Drano...
does not react with gasoline at ALL.  I tried it yesterday and got NO EFFECT.
Drano fizzes with water but just sits there in gas.  Also, an interesting
thing to try is to take a bunch of Drano and put it in a bottle that you can
make air tight.  Fill the bottle with water and then put some medium sizes
balls od aluminum foil into the bottle and screw the lid on as tight as you
can.  The Drano will eat the aluminum foil and turn it into some gasses which
will cause the top to blow off the bottle or the bottle to explode...

    Take a Mason jar, fill it with ammonia, and then moth balls.  Actually, a
pesticide sprayer that you pump by hand for pressure works the best.  Then
pressurize it and run.  He he.

With a little Yankee ingenuity,
Dry ice from Ted Drewes, just the right size to fit into two liter bottles,
can be mixed with water in a two liter bottle.  The ice will melt (speed
depending on amount of water/ dry ice/water ratio) - or actually sublimate.
For each 44 or 46 (any one remember the mass number of carbon?) grams of dry
ice, 22.7 liters of gas will be produced at STP - presurizing the two liter8of CO2 gas will be produced.506 CO2 gas will be produced.
Which means 1 mole (like I said, 46 or 50 grams of dry ice) of dry ice will
mean 24.7 liters of gas in a two liter space = 12 ATMs.  Needless to say, add
enough dry ice, you will exceed the elastic limit of the two liter, and BOOM
an explosion.

