

Title: 
Date:  10/18/89
Time:  10:01 pm


PIPE BOMBS BY Gray Chance

There are many forms of pipe bombs used today. THIS file will cover these:

CO2 canisters
"Pipe" bombs
PVC pipe bombs
Steel cased pipe bombs

in addition to:
timers
various igniting techniques
launching

CO2 canisters:
CO2 canisters are among the simplest and safest forms of pipe bombs. They can be purchased in any Sporting Goods store for about $2 for 5. Simply let out the CO2 inside, and fill with gunpowder. If you are not yet old enough to buy gunpowder, then you can use powdered sulfur and zinc (60% zinc, 40% sulfur--> by volume-not weight). If you really want to use gunpowder, then try this:

1) obtain a letter
2) obtain a letterhead from any official sounding organization (or make your
   own).
3) Use it to mail a letter to some large chemical company saying you are a
   researcher or teacher for some school or business and you need so many parts
   of this and that.
  
This usually works. If you are really desperate, you can scrape the fuel out of rocket engines (Estes) and use that. It usually takes about 2 C engines to do that. Anyways, fill your CO2 with whatever materials you are using. Then plug the end with a piece of fuse (1/16" of an inch I think). Then put your bomb in a hole or something, light it and run. There's usually only one piece of shrapnel about the size of your fist.

CAUTION:  Make sure the outside of your "bomb" is very clean and has no gunpowder on it. Otherwise you may have only 2 sec. to run instead of 10.

"Pipe" bombs:
OK, heres how to make your standard pipe bomb. Go to your local junk yard or any where for that matter and get a piece of pipe (any size). Thread each end (on the outside). Cap one end. Drill a hole in the middle of the pipe the size of your fuse. fill with one of the ingredients listed earlier. OIL the open end of the pipe and cap it VERY CAREFULLY. If you don't oil the ends it could spark. Just last week some guy was making one in a garage and it sparked. There was only one thing to be heard afterwards: drip, drip, drip... so OIL it before you cap this end. Then put it in a hole with a LONG fuse, light it and run like hell! I'm not sure how this compares to dynamite, but I'll let post what happens when I light off a 3" dia. by 12" long pipe bomb I just recently made.

PVC pipe bombs:
PVC pipes are those one made of plastic that are glued together. For these you
should follow the same procedure as for pipe bombs, but instead of screwing on
caps, you glue them on with the glue used with PVC pipes. This is much safer
then using metal cause it doesn't spark. Plus, the glue is so strong that it the ends won't blow off (which sometimes happens).

***IF YOU ARE TRYING TO BE ESPECIALLY DESTRUCTIVE, PUT SMALL PIECES OF METAL IN WITH THE GUN POWDER.

Steel Casings:
Ok, this is by far the most deadly of the pipe bombs. Take a steel rod of any
thickness (probably at least 1/2") and bore out the center by drilling in from
one end. Dont drill all the way through though. Then drill a hole in the side
for the fuse. Follow the same method for capping the open end as is done with regular pipe bombs. The nice thing about steel is its strength. The thicker you make the walls of the bomb, the bigger the bang. Size helps also. There's only one problem with it though- The cap at one end tends to blow off if its too powerful, or if the cap holds, then all the fuel shoots out through the fuse hole. There is a solution for each. To keep the cap on, make a clamp out of steel that wraps around the bomb from end to end. This should hold it in place. For the fuse hole: Drill a very tiny hole. Then use an ignitor (preferably home made) with insulated wires. Then take another thin steel casing and fit the bomb inside it only this steel casing doesn't have a fuse hole just run the leads out one end. Use your standard ignition switch for any ignitor and set it off. It would probably be safer to use a timer. (see below).

Timers:
The best form of timer that I have found so far is the simple egg timer. All you have to do is wire a connection around the egg time so that when the timer reaches 0 the two wire leads are touching. Fairly simple.

Igniting:
Basically there are two ways to ignite your bomb. The first is by fuse. The
second is by electricity. The best way to ignite a bomb by electricity is to
use the Estes ignitors used commonly for model rockets. These work quite well. Of course, for the method I outlined for the steel bomb, you would have to use insulated wires because they would be touching in such a small hole.

Launching:
Well, its always fun to be able to watch your bomb blow up without risking
shrapnel, and especially at night. So, assuming your bomb isn't to heavy, you can launch it in an Estes rocket. The best ones for this are the CO2's. What you do is scrape the ejection charge out of your rocket engine and tape the nozzle of the CO2 to the back of your rocket engine. Then wipe the outside of them both with a damp cloth (I failed to do so last New Year and the rocket blew up on the launch pad). Then slid the whole contraption into your rocket. You'll probably have to do this from the front of the rocket because the CO2 is slightly larger than the rocket engine. I recomend glueing these in. Then launch it. For other bombs though, I would use to separate fuses. one for the bomb and an electrical one for the rocket engine. cut a hole in the side of the rocket for the bomb fuse. put a very long fuse in. Then have someone light it and run. When the flame on the fuse gets close to the rocket, ignite the engines with your ignitor switch. The only reason you should be in a safe spot is if the ignitor doesn't work.

Demented Reality - {TXHOU} 713-242/6853


[46 left][G-Files Command][?/Help] d52


           - G-File Xfer Protocols -

 [A]-Ascii (Text Capture)
 [X]-Xmodem            [Y
Protocol [Q/Quit][CR/Ascii]: 
Press [X] to abort or [CR] to continue: 