

Title: 
Date:  10/18/89
Time:  10:02 pm


                     SECONDARY HIGH EXPLOSIVES
                                     
                       File #4 - Flash Point             
                                     
(c) 1983, 1984 The Agency; Prism Industries
                                     
Call The Agency (818) 794 - 8916 10 meg soon?!?
                                     
These files may not be edited if they are to be posted on other systems. Please do not delete any of the credits. These files may be posted on other systems with the permission of THE AGENCY.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     
   This section is a rather complete listing of secondary high explosives. They are listed in no particular order and thay all have a bit of information about them again, just like the primary high explosives. I think that this is probably the best file in the whole group so have fun.


TNT
TRINITROLOLUENE
:::::::::::::::

     TNT is produced from Toluene, Sulfuric acid, and Nitric acid. It is powerful high explosive. It is well suited for steel cutting, concrete breaching, general demonlition, and underwater demolition. It is a stable explosive and relatively insensitive to shock. It may be detonated by a blasting cap or primacord. TNT is toxic and its dust should not be inhaled or allowed contact with the skin.


NITROSTARCH
:::::::::::

     Nitrostarch is composed of Starch Nitrate, Barium Nitrate, and Sodium Nitrate. It is more sensitive to flame, friction, and shock than TNT but not as powerful. It is initiated by detonating cord.


TETRYL
::::::

     Tetryl is a fine, yellow crystalline material and exhibits a very high shattering power. It is commonly used as a booster in explosive trains. It is stable in storage. It is used in detonators.


RDX
CYCLONITE
:::::::::

     RDX is a white crystalline solid that exhibits very high shattering power. It is commonly used as a booster in explosive trains or as a main bursting charge. It is stable in storage. 


NITROGLYCERIN
:::::::::::::

     Nitroglycerin is manfactured by treating Glycerin with a nitrating mixture of Nitric Acid and Sulfuric acid. It is thick, clear to yellow-brownish, and extremely powerful and shock sensetive. Nitroglycerin freezes at 56 degrees farenheit in which state it is less sensitive to shock than in liquid form.


COMMERCIAL DYNAMITE
:::::::::::::::::::

     Commercial dynamite comes in three principal types. Straight dynamite, Ammonia dynamite, and Gelatin dynamite. Each type is further divided into a series of grades. All dynamites contain Nitroglycerin in varying amounts and the strength of the explosion is related to the Nitroglycerin content. Dynamite
ranges in detonation velocity from 4000 to 23,000 feet per second and is sensitive to shock. Dynamite is initiated by electric or nonelectric blasting caps.


PETN
PENTAERYTHRITE TETRANITRATE
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::

     PETN is one of the most powerful of military explosives and is almost equal in force to nitroglycrerine and RDX. When used in detonating cord, it has a detonation velocity of 21,000 f.p.s. and is relatively insensitive to friction and shock from handling and transportation.


MILITARY DYNAMITE
:::::::::::::::::

     Military ( construction ) dynamite, unlike other commercial dynamite, does not absorb or retain moisture, contains no nitroglycerine, and is much safer to store, handle, and transport. It detonates at a velocity of about 20,000 feet per second and is good for military construction, quarrying, or demolition. It may be detonated with an electric or nonelectric military blasting cap or detonating cord.


AMATOL
::::::

     Amatol is a high explosive, white to buff in color. It is a mixture of Ammonium nitrate and TNT, with a relative effectiveness slightly higher than TNT alone. Amatol is used a main bursting charge in artillery shells and bombs. Amatol absorbs moisture and can form dangerous compounds with copper and brass.


BLASTING GELATIN
::::::::::::::::

     Blasting gelatin is a translucent material of an elastic, jellylike texture and is made in a number of different colors. It is considered to be the most powerful industrial explosive. It is more water resistant than Gelatin dynamite.


COMPOSITION C4
::::::::::::::

     Composition C4 is a white plastic explosive more powerful than TNT. It consists of 91% RDX and 9% plastic binder. It remains plastic over a wide range of temperatures (-70 F. to 170 F. ), and is as sensitive as TNT. It is eroded less than other plastic explosives when immersed is water for long periods. It
is well suited for cutting steel and timber and breaching concrete.


COMPOSITION B
:::::::::::::

     Composition B is a high explosive mixture with a relative efffectiveness higher than that of of TNT. It is also more sensative that TNT. It is composed of 59% RDX, 40% TNT, and 1% wax. Because of its shattering power and high rate of detonation, Composition B is used as the main charge in certain bangalore torpedoes and shaped charges.


AMMONIUM NITRATE
::::::::::::::::

     Ammonium Nitrate is a white crystalline substance that is extremely water absorbent and is therefor usually packed in a sealed metal container. It has a low velocity of detonation ( 3600 f.p.s ) and is used primarily as an additive to other explosives. It is only 55% as powerful as TNT.


HMX
:::

     HMX is a solid high explosive commonly used as a booster and sometimes as a main charge where its shattering effect is needed. It is a white substance with a rather high melting point; hence it is usually pressed into its container. It may be initiated by Lead azide or Mercury fulminate.


PENTOLITE
:::::::::

     Pentolite is a high explosive made from equal mixtures of PETN and TNT. It is light yellow and is used as the main bursting charge in grenades, small shells, and shaped charges. Pentolite should not be drilled to produce cavities; forming tools should be used.


PICRIC ACID
:::::::::::

     Picric Acid is a yellow crystalline, high explosive bursting charge. it is initiated by Lead azide or Mercury fulminate and has the same effectiveness as TNT. When in contact with lead, Picric acid produces Lead Picrate, a sensitive and violent explosive.


GUN COTTON
::::::::::

     Gun cotton is a nitrocellulose explosive made from cotton fibers containing 13% or more of nitrogen. Although primarily considered a propellant, it is sometimes used as a base charge in electric detonators.


AMMONAL
:::::::

     Ammonal is a high explosive mixture composed of 22% Ammonium nitrate, 67% TNT, and 11% flaked or powdered aluminum. It is sometimes used as a filler for artillery shell. The composition is 83% as effective as TNT and explodes with a
bright flash upon detonation.


IMPROVISED PLASTIC EXPLOSIVE FILLER
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

     Plastic explosive filler can be made from Potassium Chlorate and petroleum jelly. The Potassium chlorate crystals are ground into a very fine powder and then mixed with the petroleum jelly. This explosive can be detonated with a No. 8 commercial blasting cap or with any military blasting cap. The explosive must be stored in a waterproof container until ready to use.


TETRYTOL
::::::::

     Tetrytol is a high explosive bursting charge containing 75% Tetryl and 25% TNT. It is used as a demolitions explosive, a bursting charge for mines, and in artillery shells. It is about as strong as TNT.

              !>Flash Point<!

Demented Reality - {TXHOU} 713-242/6853


[52 left][G-Files Command][?/Help] 