                              ë The BOM Squad ë
                                  presents
                    "Blowing Up a Car With Crystal Drano"
                                     by
                                 Phat Klown
                                  12/20/92
                        

     (PHaT KLoWN) Article "1" Date 92'
       
        Displaced agression on cars....

         Have fun with a car.  Think of ways to improve its looks.
         Make it run better.  Numerous ways of good family fun for all
         ages.  

              You ever had someone give you problems?  Bug you?
              Steal your girlfriend?  Beat the fuck out of you?
              Humiliate you in front of the public eye?!?!
        
        Well then, here is your chance to take the anger out on
        something other than your poor helpless cat. A CAR.   
        Sure, you can spray paint it, bash the windows in, take  
        the radio, take the hood, or just take the damn car.  
        All of that is gonna take a little time a some effort.  
        If your lazy well then pay someone to do it, if you can't 
        afford that, drink some LIQUID draino. This is a simple but
        helpful way to blow the goddamn thing up......

  Steps in order:
      1.  Fuck MaCgyver and this horse he rode in on. A potato and
         duct tape just WON'T cut it here!!!

      2.  Go buy some CRYSTAL DRAINO. (NOTICE) I didn't say liquid!

      3.  Get a big or small ziplock baggy.  

      4.  Put the CRYSTAL DRAINO is the baggy zip it TIGHT!!!

      5.  Find a car that you wish you had but couldn't afford!
          or someone you just don't like!

      6.  Remeber:  don't use ping-pong balls, jell capsules or 
                    anything like that material....you and the car
                    will both be all over the place.

      7.  Shove that baggy full of CRYSTAL DRAINO down the gas pipe
          on the car.  You might need to put something heavy on it 
          though.

      8.  You now have about 1-3 minutes 4-5 if you're lucky.  Now 
          run like mad.  RUN RUN RUN RUN..get this in your head!

      9.  Don't brag about this either.  No one should know that you
          had this much fun!  And I'm sure you would like to live at
          home, not in a cell.  Less COPS, more CROPS!


            This is another P.K. Production written only for BOM sqaud.


        As always, the BOM Squad is searching for more writers and distro
  sites. If you are interested in doing either contact one of the sysops of
  the boards listed below or read the BOM.APP file. Hope you enjoyed the 
  file.

                              BOM Squad Members
                              ë-ë-ë-ë-ë-ë-ë-ë-ë  
                       
                                 Mr. Sandman
                                   Raven
                                 Neuromancer
                               The AntiChrist
                                 Phat Klown
                       
