Composition C-4

  This is the standard-issue plastic explosive used by the U.S. military.
I recieved most of my early demo training in the army, which spoiled me for
C-4. It retains its moldability over a wider range of temperatures, doesn't
exude liquid (as does Semtex), and is pound-for-pound the most powerful
explosive in common use. Its power, stability, and versatility are un-
equalled. C-4 is in such demand and so well thought of that Muammar al-
Quaddafi paid Edwin Wilson an exorbitant sum for 20 tons, even though he
could get all of the Semtex he wanted on the open market for a much-lower
price.
  With a few simple modifications, C-4 becomes even more versatile. If you
mix 7 fluid ounces of mineral oil with a 1 1/4 pound bar, you get an exc-
ellent paste explosive, roughly equivalent in power to TNT, and capable of
sticking to almost anything. Sealed inside flat plastic bags, this mix can
secreted in any number of useful spots (softsided luggage, for instance).
  One note of caution should be mentioned. With C-4 or any plastic explo-
sive, the use should avoid mashing it when loading it into special devices
or preparing charges. The sectional density of an explosive has a direct
bearing on its power and velocity. The explosive packages are press-loaded
to their optimum density for highest performance. This it not to say that
they will not explode when used in this manner, but they will not utilize
their fullexplosive potential.
  Sometimes commercial number 8 blasting caps will not detonate C-4, which
was formulated for use with the more powerful J-2 military caps. In this 
case, two number 8s can be taped together, or some of its RDX can be extr-
acted to use as a booster. To do this, a small lump (about 1 ounce) of C-4
is put into a cup of gasoline. The lump can be broken apart with a fork. Let
it sit for an hour or so. The RDX should have separated from the plastic,
which is soluble in gasoline, to form a white powder at the bottom of the
container. This residue is filtered out of the gasoline and washed on the
filter with a little more gas. Letting it sit overnight will evaporate any
residual gas. Find a tube that will snugly fit the balsting cap and hammer
one end closed. One or two grams of the RDX is pressed into the bottom of
the tube, and the blasting cap is inserted and taped into place.

