Text #2                      Crater Makers
                                  by
                             Master Mayhem

June 23, 1996
Crater Makers are just what they sound like, they make big craters where ever
you put them.  These are pretty simple to make if you have a hobby store around,
or even if you don't you should be able to find the parts.  Get these things:

1 CO2 Cartridge
2 D-size estes rocket engines
1 Funnel
1 Nail
1 Solar Igniter
1 Quick Drying Glue
7 Meters of paired wire (speaker wire works good)
1 6, 9 or 12 Volt Battery

1) Okay, first you'll need to empty the CO2 cartridge.  If you have a CO2 BB
gun, then you're in lick cause you probably already have a bunch of empty
cartridges. If not, then jab the nail in the top of the CO2 and let the CO2
leak out, just be carefull.

2) Make the hole bigger by jamming the nail in the top.  Don't make the hold too
bug cause it'll act more like a rocket than a bomb if it is.

3) Now cut open the rocket engines.  You'll see a clump of clay which can be
tossed out and a clump off powder.  That's the part you want.  Grind it up
using a hammer or something.  If you have commercial gun powder, you can use
that instead of grinding up the rockets.

4) Take the funnel and put it in the top of the CO2 cartridge and pour all the
powder that will fit into it.  When you think it's full, tap it on the ground to
get it to sink to the bottom and continue filling.

5) Cut the paper safety on the solar igniter and straighten the wires.  Pour
some glue on it, just don't get any on the head.  Leave it to dry for a few
minutes.

6) Put the igniter in the crater maker with the two wires sticking out.  Glue
the wires to the CO2 cartridge.

Now go outside (not in your house moron) and find someplace where you want to
detonate this thing.  Connect the wire (speaker wire) to the igniter.  Go FAR
FAR AWAY and connect the other end of the wires to the battery.  Watch it BLOW!

Disclaimer:  Don't actually do this because it could kill you!  This file was
meant for educational use only and none of the steps in this file should be
followed!  I am not responsible if you get killed or kill someone with this!

This file passed through DYNOMITE BBS (519)256-2428, the Official BBS of Master
Mayhem!
