EXPLOSIONS: Effective demolition.
---------------------------------

   We will be using this brand of Pipe Bomb in most all of our elimination
exploits:

One 1 foot length of pipe (threaded)
two caps for the ends of the pipe.
one baby-food jar
about a baby-food jar full worth of vinegar
baking soda
some gravel

To construct the pipe bomb:

1. Cap one end of the pipe with a metal cap TIGHTLY!
2. Fill the baby-food jar with vinegar, cover, AND WIPE CLEAN!
3. Drop the baby-food jar into the pipe lightly as not to break, and add
   some gravel.
4. Pour baking soda to the rim into the pipe bomb.
5. Cap the other end very tightly.

Synopsis:

Once you crack the pipe hard enough to break the baby food jar, it will cause
the baking soda to create such pressure, that it will explode.  The explosion
is
more than effective.  Rumor has it that when it was thrown into an old car, it
blew the doors about ten feet away, and the roof three feet into the air. When
this device was constructed by myself, I just stuck it under an old tree, and
it
was removed. You have about five minutes to wait, so you might still have time
to acquire a quick alibi.

USING THE PIPE/PRESSURE BOMB
----------------------------

  Someone you hate? Well, creep out of your house REAL LATE at night (3-4:00)
and walk up to their house. Crack it to start on the driveway, and throw under
the car.  Run home, then read the police reports. Once you have been better
acquainted with device, it can be used to help you out.  Throw it under the
stage of a play, or leave it in the bathroom of your school, etc.


MOLOTOV COCTAILS IMPROVED:
-------------------------

  Well, the origional Molotov coctail was used differently..  Its not REALLY
improved, but its better this way.  Molotov created this weapon in the Russian
revolution (give them a taste of their own medicine) and the formula was 50%
gasoline, alchohol, and 50% oil.  With the oil, it sticks to what it hits. 
Much
more effective...

MODIFYING MOST SEMI-AUTOMATICS
------------------------------

   Whats this B.S. about spending $3000 for a full-auto kit?  All we did was
file down the firing pin, and it worked almost perfectly.  File down the part
by
the springs that rubs against the tracks, so it is free.  This works best with
a
good-old M-16, or most HK rifles.

SURVIVALIST PYROTECHNICS
------------------------

  It is almost imperative for the modern-day snow camper to carry around a bit
of gasoline (i know, only the shitbaits do that, but the wind gets pretty
rough
out there) with you.  Once that much has been done, you are ready for the
Survivalist's bomb: in other files, the GENERIC BOMB.  This bomb is
infamous among bulletin boards, but because it suits this method better, I
call
it the survivalists bomb.

1 jar, pipe, etc. few drops of gasoline. a few drops of potassium permanganate
found in most all snakebite kits

I.   Put in a few drops of gas into the jar, pipe, etc... and coat the surface
inside.

II.  Once the gas has evaporated, put in a few drops of Pot. Permangate, and
     close the jar shut.

Throw the jar at your target, or the truck under you, or into the crowd at the
mardi-gras and be far away.  This bomb will pack 1/2 stick of standard GCM
dynamite.  Handy, indeed.

SIMPLE SMOKE BOMB FOR CAFETERIA USE
-----------------------------------

Get ten packets for sugar, and ten packets of salt.  Grab a straw, and have a
lighter nearby.  Pour all of this into an ash-tray, and heat the bottom with a
lighter, until it melts.  Stir occasionally.  Once it has been all melted,
stick
a bunch of matchheads (if possible) into the goop.  When done, stick a straw
into the goop nice and deep.  Stop heating, and leave it on a chair so it
solidifies.  Drop some matchheads into the straw.  When it is nice and solid,
light the straw and leave.  It will fill a moderately-sized cafeteria with
thick
white smoke.  If you want to improve, pour maldahyde (SP?) into the solution
for
instant tear-gas.

As for knives, etc.  Use your own judgement.   I will not go into all the
details on such a large subject. I deal in mostly improvisational tactics.

Enjoy.

         The     Cypher
