Gels For Molotov Cocktails.

Suitable, available fuels for mollies include gasoline, kerosene, diesel
fuel, and paint thinner. Kerosene has the highest fuel value and is most
effective, but gasoline is cheaper and more readily available. Any liquid
fuel that burns will work, but if it is not a petroleum-based fuel, it can
be difficult to gel. Diesel is also difficult to gel. The following mix-
tures have been field-tested in mollies and work well. All of the formulas
are fore a 1-quart bottle.

 Soap Gel
   1) Pour 1/2 cup of soap flakes or powder (not dishwashing detergent)
      into a bottle.
   2) Add fuel until the level reaches just below the neck.
   3) Add 1/2 teaspoon of alcohol.
   4) Periodically stir briskly until the gel forms.

 Lye Gel
   1) Pour 3 1/2 cups of fuel into a bottle.
   2) Add 2 teaspoons of castor oil and stir until dissolved.
   3) Add 1/2 teaspoon alcohol to the mixture.
   4) In a large plastic measuring spoon, dissolve 1/4 teaspoon of lye
      flakes in an equal amount of water. If lye powder is used, halve
      these amounts.
   5) Add the lye slurry to the bottle and stir occasionally for about
      30 minutes until it thickens. In 1 to 2 days the mixture will
      thicken to a soft jell-like consistency, similar to that of thick
      honey.

 Egg Gel
   1) Add 3 1/2 cups of fuel to the bottle.
   2) Add 2 egg whites. Separate the eggs carefully to avoid getting
      yolk mixed in with the whites. If this happens, discard the eggs
      and try again.
   3) Add 1 teaspoon of table salt and stir until the gel forms, usual-
      ly within 5 to 10 minutes. This mix should be used within 24
      hours, as the gel is only stble for that length of time. If desi-
      red, finely powdered charcoal or flour can be used to fill the
      remainder of the bottle. This addition greatly enhances the incen-
      diary effect of any gelled fuel. It can be used in a concentration
      of up to 40 percent by weight or volume. In the higher concentra-
      tions, the mixture congeals into a wet, granular solid that has a
      high incendiary value but is unsuited for use in mollies.

 Napalm B
     Napalm B was developed by Dow Chemical during the Vietnam War as a
   replacement for the original napalm jelly in firebombs. It is stic-
   kier and burns much hotter than the original filler. The Dow formula
   used 25 percent gasoline, 25 percent, benzine, and 50 percent poly-
   styrene. Polystyrene is a common plastic used for such diverse items
   as toys, styrofoam cups, and packaging-filer "peanuts". As anyone who
   has tried to spray a styrofoam cooler knows, polystyrene dissolves 
   into a sticky mush when it comes in contact with hydrocarbons such as
   paint or gasoline. It is this quality of polystyrene that makes nap-
   alm B so effective for molotov cocktails.
     Any form of polystyrene will work, but more solid forms take longer
   to dissolve. Styrofoam cups or packaging peanuts dissolve faster be-
   cause of their lower densities. Unfortunately, the air pockets in
   their structure take up space, which means that it takes a lot longer
   to produce.
     The following recipe works for styrofoam cups or peanuts:
   1) Fill bottle half-full of fuel.
   2) Fill remainder of bottle with small pieces of styrofoam cup or
      peanuts.
   3) Cap and shake for 1 minute.
   4) The styrofoam pieces should have dissolved. If not continue
      shaking until they do. Repeat steps 2 and 3 until botlle is
      completely full.

 Napalm B-N
     This is a fantastic incendiary substance. It is made by dissolving
   one part naphtalene moth crystals in two parts napalm B. The resul- 
   ting liquid is very sticky and must be well stirred if the two comp-
   onents are to blend properly. It is best to prepare it in the conta-
   iner it is to be used in, as once mixed it is too sticky to remove
   completely. This material burns at least twice as long as straight
   napalm and is much hotter. Rather than a viscous gel, it is a thick
   syrup, like honey or STP. It works very well in mollies and other
   hand-thrown firebombs.
