                       >Mace Substitute<
    3 PARTS: Alchohol
  1/2 PARTS: Iodine
  1/2 PARTS: Salt
 
 Or:
 
    3 PARTS: Alchohol
    1 PARTS: Iodized Salt (Mortons)
 
 It's not actual mace, but it does a damn good job on the eyes...
 
 
                        >CO2 Canister Bomb<
 
  Take a Co2 canister and cut the top almost off but leave a little to form a
hinge. Let out the Co2 and insert a M80 into it. Insert fuse throught hole in
top. Close the top by welding or epoxy glue. When ready to ignite just light...
Pretty neat eh?
 
 
                        >Unstable Explosives<
 
  Mix solid Nitric Iodine with househould ammonia. Wait overnight and then pour
off the liquid. You will be left with a muddy substance. Let this dry till it
hardens.  Now throw it at something!!!!
 
 
                         >Jug Bomb<
 
  Take a glass jug, and put 3 to 4 drops of gasoline into it. Then put the cap
on, and swish the gas around so the inner surface of the jug is coated.  Then
add a few drops of potassium permanganate solution into it and cap it.  To blow
it up, either throw it at something, or roll it at something.
 
 
                        >Hindenberg Bomb<
 
Needed:
 
1 Balloon
1 Bottle
1 Liquid Plumr
1 Piece Aluminum Foil
1 Length Fuse
 
  Fill the bottle 3/4 full with Liquid Plumr and add a little piece of aluminum
foil to it. Put the balloon over the neck of the bottle until the balloon is
full of the resulting gas.  This is highly flammable hydrogen. Now tie the
baloon.  Now light the fuse, and let it rise. When the fuse contacts the
balloon, watch out!!
 
                        >Improvising Blach Powder<
 
     Black powder can be prepared in a simple, safe manner.  It may be
used as blasting or gun powder.
 
Material required:
-----------------
 
potassium nitrate, granulated, 3 cups
wood charcoal, powdered, 2 cups
sulfur, powdered, 1/2 cup
alcohol, 5 pints (whiskey, rubbing alcohol, etc.)
Water, 3 cups
heat source
2 buckets -- each 2 gallon capacity, at least one of which is heat
             resistant (metal, ceramic, etc.)
Flat window screening, at least 1 ft. Square
large wooden stick
cloth, at least 2 ft. Square
 
 
note: the above amounts will yield 2 ounds of black powder.  However,
      only the ratios of the amounts of the ingredients are important.
      Thus, for twice as much black powder, double all quantities
      used.
 
Procedure:
---------
 
1) place alcohol in one of the buckets
 
2) place potassium nitrate, charcoal, and sulfur in the heat resistant
   bucket.  Add 1 cup water and mix thoroughly with wooden stick until
   all ingredients are dissolved.
 
3) Add remaining water (2 cups) to mixture.  Place bucket on heat
   source and stir until small bubbles begin to form.
 
Caution:  do not boil mixture.  Be sure all mixture stays wet.  If any
          is dry, as on sides of pan, it may ignite.
 
4) Remove bucket from heat and pour mixture into alcohol while
   stirring vigorously
 
5) let alcohol stand about 5 minutes. Strain mixture through cloth to
   obtain black powder.  Discard liquid. Wrap cloth around black
   powder and squeeze to remove all excess liquid.
 
6) Place screening over dry bucket. Place workable amount of damp
   powder on screen and granulate by rubbing solid through screen
 
note: if granulated particles appear to stick together and change
      shape, recombine entire batch of powder and repeat steps 5 & 6.
 
7) Spread granulated powder on flat dry surface so that layer about
   1/2 inch is formed.  Allow to dry.  Use radiator , or direct
   sunlight.  This should be dried as soon as possible, preferably in
   one hour.  The longer the drying period, the less effective the
   black powder.
 
Caution: remove from heat as soon as granules are dry.  Black powder is now
         ready for use.
 
 
                        >FIREBOMBS<
 
   Most fire bombs are simply gasoline filled bottles with a fuel soaked rag in
the mouth (the bottle's mouth, not yours). The original Molotov cocktail, and
still about the best, was a mixture of one part gasoline and one part motor
oil. The oil helps it to cling to what it splatters on.
   Some use one part roofing tar and one part gasoline. Fire bombs have been
{found whcih were made by pouring melted wax into gasoline.
 
 
                        >NAPALM<
 
    About the best fire bomb is napalm. It has a thick consistancy, like jam
and is best for use on vehilces or buildings.
 
    Napalms is simply one part gasoline and one part soap. The soap is either
soap flakes or shreddedbar soap. Detergents won't do.
 
    The gasoline must be heated in order for the soap to melt. The usual way is
with a double boiler where the top part has at least a two-quart capicity. The
water in the bottom part is brought to a boil and the double boiler is taken
from the stove and carried to where there is no flame.
 
   Then one part, by volume, of gasoline is put in the top part and allowed to
heat ac much as it will and the soap is added and the mess is stirred until it
thickens. A better way to heat gasoline is to fill a bathtub with water as hot
as you can get it. It will hold its heat longer and permit a much larger
container than will the double boiler.
 
 
                          >MATCH HEAD BOMB<
 
   Simple safety match heads in a pipe, capped at both ends, make a devestating
bomb. It is set off with a regular fuse
 
   A plastic Baggie is put into the pipe before the heads go in to prevent
detonation by contact with the metal.
 
   Cutting enough match heads to fill the pipe can be tedious work for one but
an evening's fun for the family if you can drag them away from dhe TV.
 
 
                       >FUSE IGNITION FIRE BOMB<
 
   A four strand homemade fuse is used for this. It burns like fury. It is held
down and concealed by a strip of bent tin cut from a can. The exposed end of
the fuse is dipped into the flare igniter. To use this one, you light the fuse
and hold the fire bomb until the fuse has burned out of sight under the tin.
Then throw it and when it breaks, the burning fuse will ignite the contents.
 
                          -=] Smoke Bomb [=-
                          --- ----- ---- ---
 
Mix:
 4 parts sugar
 6 parts potassium nitrate
 
Heat:
 over low flame till melts stir well, then pour into container. Before
 it soldifies, put a few matches in for fuses.
 
 *One pound of this stuff will fill a block nicely with a thick cloud
  of white smoke*
 
                         -=] Generic bomb [=-
                         --- ------- ---- ---
 
1) Aquire a glass container
2) Put in a few drops of gasoline
3) Cap the top
4) Now turn the condainer around to coat the inner surfaces and then
   evaporates
5) Add a few drops of potassium permanganate (<-Get this stuff from a
   snake bite kit)
6) The bomb is detonated by throwing aganist a solid object.
 
 *AFTER THROWING THIS THING RUN LIKE HELL THIS THING PACKS ABOUT 1/2
  STICK OF DYNAMITE*
 
 
                        >Electronic Terrorism<
 
    It starts when a big, dumb lummox rudely insults you.  Being of a
rational, intelligent disposition, you wisely choose to avoid a
(direct) confrontation.  But as the butthead laughs in your face, you smile
inwardly---your revenge is already planned.
 
Step 1:  follow your victim to his locker, car, or house.  Once you
         have chosen your target site, lay low for a week or more,
         letting your anger boil.
 
Step 2:  in the mean time, assemble your versatile terrorist
         kit(details below.)

Step 3:  plant your kit at the designated target site on a monday
         morning between the hours of 4:00 am and 6:00 am.  Include a
         calm, suggestive note that quietly hints at the possibility
         of another attack.  Do not write it by hand!  An example of
         an effective note:
 
                        "don't be such a dick, or the
                        next one will take off your
                        dick.  Have a nice day."
 
        Notice how the calm tone instills fear.  As if written by a
        homicidal psychopath.
 
Step 5:  choose a strategic location overlooking the target site.  Try
         to position yourself in such a way that you can see his
         facial contortions.
 
myStep 6:  sit back and enjoy the fireworks!
 
 
Assembly of the versatile, economic, and effective terrorist kit #1:
 
the parts you'll need are:
 1) 4 aa batteries
 2) 1 9-volt battery
 3) 1 spdt mini relay (radio shack)
 4) 1 rocket engine(smoke bomb or m-80)
 5) 1 solar ignitor (any hobby store)
 6) 1 9-volt battery connector
 
step 1:  take the 9-volt battery and wire it through the relay's coil.
         This circuit should also include a pair of contacts that when
         separated cut off this circuit.  These contacts should be
         held together by trapping them between the locker,mailbox, or
         car door.  Once the door is opened, the contacts fall apart
         and the 9-volt circuit is broken, allowing
         the relay to fall to the closed postion thus closing the
         ignition circuit. (If all this is confusing take a look at
         the schematic below.)
 
Step 2:  take the 4 aa batteries and
         wire them in succession.  Wire the positive terminal of one
         to the negative terminal of another, until all four are
         connected except one positive terminal and one negative
         terminal.  Even though the four aa batteries only combine to
         create 6 volts, the increase in amperage is necessary to
         activate the solar ignitor quickly and effectively.
 
Step 3:  take thebattery pack (made in step 2) and wire one end of it
         to the relay's single pole and the other end to one prong of
         the solar ignitor.  Then wRore the other prong of the solar
         ignitor back to the open position on the relay.
 
Step 4:  using double sided carpet tape mount the kit in his locker,
         mailbox, or car door.  And last, insert the solar ignitor
         into the rocket engine (smoke bomb or m-80).
 
                      Your kit is now complete!
 
 
                         ---------><---------
                         I    (CONTACTS)    I
                         I                  I
                         I                 --- (9  VOLT)
                         I                  -  (BATTERY)
                         I                 ---
                         I                  I
                         I      (COIL)      I
                         ------///////-------
                              /-----------
                             /          I
                            /            I
                           /             I
                       (SWITCH) I        I
                                I        I
                                I       --- (BATTERY)
                                I        -  ( PACK  )
                                I       ---
                                I        I
                                I        I
                                ---- -----
                                   I I
                                    *
                              (SOLAR IGNITOR)
 
That's it!  Become your own little terrorist!