EXPEDIENT GRENADES
by
The Cheshire Cat

There are many possibilities in the field of grenade manufacture,
but for the most part, when you're dealing with grenades that must
be constructed of easily available materials, the quality and the
safety of the grenade is reduced dramatically. Here I will deal
with this problem, trying to produce a reasonable type of grenade
that is relatively safe, can be stored and transported easily, but
produces dramatic effects. I strongly suggest that if you find it
possible, you are far better off getting a REAL grenade than trying
to produce one yourself, but you can be the judge. As always, I
want to note that this is all for educational purposes only, and I
do not recommend anyone trying any of the following for real.

 The first thing you need is explosives. If you can't get
black powder, or gun powder, or make your own plastic explosives
(we know there sure are enough text files floating around to explain
how to make all of the above!) than you're really in a for making a
grenade of this type. You'll also need a coffee can, a smaller sized
can (probably like an orange juice can, or V8), a coat hanger, and a
fuse or fuze. As for explosives, mercury fulminate is extremely good
for this sort of thing. Maybe I'll write a text file on its prepar-
ation sometime. But for now, you could probably get together a ton
of firecrackers and take out the black powder (if you'r desperate)
or get a couple quarter sticks from someone (or take a vacation in
North Carolina). The explosive goes in the juice can. Don't pack
it together too tight. Loose black powder is better than compressed.
This is the main explosive. Cut up the coat hanger into little
pieces approximately 1/2" long and fill up the coffee can until you
can put the juice can in and the top of the juice can is level with
the top of the coffee can. If you don't have the time, and need to
fill up the space faster, chuck in a couple small rocks or pieces of
glass, and stuff like that until you have the bottom of the can filled.
Now place the juice can in the coffee can, and center it. Then fill
the space around the coffee can with coat hanger stuff until the juice
can is relatively stable. Put a model rocket fuse in the explosive in
the juice can. Leave (at least) 3 1/2" to light from. If necessary,
secure the juice can or the explosive with some masking tape, ect...
as long as it doesn't interfere with the action of the grenade. Take
the lid of the coffee can and cut a hole so that the fuse is exposed.
You now have a fragmentation grenade. It might be a good idea to
practice with a football for a while before trying to destroy the
neighbor's garage with it.

That's all folks!
Please keep the credits to this the way they are, but feel
free to distribute it as you wish. I know you will
anyways, so I guess it doesn't matter. If anyone finds
it necessary to reach me, try OSB systems (215)-395-1291
which is by the way an awesome AE/BBS. Later, The Cheshire Cat

