:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
:   Earth's Dreamlands    :  Info on: RPG's,  :(313)558-5024 : area code    :
:RPGNet World HQ & Archive: Drugs, Industrial :(313)558-5517 : changes to   :
:  1000's of text files   :  music, Fiction,  :InterNet      : (810) after  :
:   No Elite / No porn    :   HomeBrew Beer.  :rpgnet@aol.com: Dec 1,1993   :
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:


 
                     Grenade Weapon Specialization
 
 
     Because everybody is considered to be specialized in throwing
grenade-like weapons, a character of any class needs only to spend one
weapon proficiency slot to specialize.
     Hurling various containers of liquid is a common tactic in dungeon
adventures in partucular. Most grenade-like missiles are items of
opportunity or necessity-flasks of oil, vials of holy water, or beakers
of acid, for example.  As such these items are not listed on equipment
tables for range, ROF, and damage. The range each can be thrown varies
with the Strength of the character and the weight of the object.
     A character with this specialization, usually purchases special
spherical containers (sometimes with a small tube or spout protruding)
of a breakable material like glass. These spherical grenades are more
professional and aren't as clumsy as flasks, vials, and beakers (this
is why the specialization is referred to as grenade rather than
grenade-like missiles). Some characters have glass-blowing as a non-
weapon proficiency because this weapon specialization tends to be
expenses when throwing a lot of glass grenades happens.
     The standard grenade-like missile is less than five pounds. The
longest range is 30 feet plus the thrower's Strength. Medium range is
20 feet. Short range is 10 feet. Heavier items have reduced ranges, but
aren't discussed here because they don't factor into this
specialization.
     Once a container hits, it normally breaks immediately. However,
this not always true. Some missiles, like soft leather flasks or hard
pottery, are particularly resistant. If there is doubt about whether or
not a thrown object will break, the DM can require an item saving throw
(page 39 of DMG) to see if it shatters or rips, spewing its contents
everywhere. Most characters with this specialization will arm himself
with missiles that will break, but some circumstances may cause him to
improvise with something more sturdy.
     Unlike standard missiles, which target a specific creature, a
grenade-like missile is aimed at a point, whether this point is a
creature or a spot on the ground. When the attack is announced, the
player indicates where he wants the missile to land. This then becomes
the target point and is used to determine the direction and distance of
any scatter.
     Even throwing a grenade has a speed factor. For specialized
characters the speed factor is a mere 2. Thus, character would add 2 to
his initiative roll when attack with this specialization.
     Once the character chooses a target point, he makes a standard
attack roll with a +1 bonus to THAC0. Adjustments are made due to range
(see page 62 of DMG). Because of the specialization, short-range and
medium attacks suffer no range modifiers. Long-range attacks suffer a
-3 penalty.
    If the attack is successful, then direct hit damage occurs. If a
missile is off-target, it is important to know where it landed - an
errant grenade could present a hazard to other characters, start a
fire, or eat a hole in the floor, for example. The process of finding
where it lands is known as scatter. First roll 1d12 and consult the
following Scatter Diagram:
 
                                 10-12
 
                              8         9
 
                         6                   7
 
                         4      Target!      5
 
                              2         3
 
                                   1
 
In other words:
 
1     - directly behind the target
2     - to the right and a bit behind the target
3     - to the left and a bit behind the target
4     - directly to the right of target
5     - directly to the left of target
6     - to the right and a bit in front of target
7     - to the left and a bit in front of target
8     - in front of and a bit to the right of the target
9     - in front of and a bit to the left of the target
10-12 - directly in front of the target
 
 
     Next determine how far off the mark the throw is. If the throw is
at short range, use a 6-sided die. If the range is medium, use a
10-sided die. If thrown to long-range, roll 2d10. The number rolled is
the number of feet away from the intended target the missile lands. The
specialization allows the result to be halved. Thus a result of 6 feet
away from the target would actually be only 3 feet.
     The damage taken from a grenade depends on what type of missile
was used and whether a direct hit was scored or the target was in the
splash area. The area of effect is the amount of space covered by a
direct hit. Any creature in the area of effect will take damage
accordingly. All creatures within' the 3' of the area of effect are
subject to splash damage.
 
 
TABLE: Grenade-Like Missile Effects
 
Type of      Typical                         Damage from     Splash
Missile      Amount      Area of Effect      Direct Hit      Damage
Acid          8 oz.      1' diameter         2d4 hp          1 hp
Holy Water    4 oz.      1' diameter         1d6+1 hp        2 hp
Oil (lit)    16 oz.      3' diameter         2d6/1d6 hp      1d6/2 hp
Poison        4 oz.      1' diameter         special         special
 
 
Acid
 
     Acid is rare and thus expense, but very effect and powerful when
used as contents of a grenade. Acid damage is particularly grim. Aside
from the possibility of scarring, acid damage cannot be healed by
regeneration. It must be healed normally. Thus, it is very useful
against regenerating creatures such as trolls.
     The acid damage listed is for typical acid. Characters may find
more potent acid. On the other hand, a diluted and less damaging acid
could also be found.
 
Holy Water
 
Holy water affects most forms of undead and creatures from the lower
planes. It has no effect against a creature in gaseous form or undead
without material form.
     Unholy waster (essentially holy water used by evil priests) affect
paladins, creatures whose purpose is to defend good (lammasu, shedu,
etc.), and creatures and beings from the upper planes.
     Holy (or unholy) water affects creatures as does acid, causing
damage that cannot be regenerated but must be healed normally.
 
Oil
 
     Oil causes damage only when it is lit. Thus, the character must
light the grenade (which must have some type of "fuse", i.e. cloth
sticking out, etc.). The lighting of the flask will result in a +4 to
the initiative (this is in addition to the +2 speed factor and any
range modifiers). This also assumes that the character has an available
source of fire close at hand.
     Most characters will light a cloth that is wrapped around the
grenade so that the oil will not light prematuraly, but allow the
oil to burst into flame when the contasiner is broken. Of course, those
that desire an open connection to the oil may do so. In this case,
vindictive DMs may have a percent chance equal to the character's
initiative multiplied by 5 that the fire will get into the oil causing
the character to drop it which would cause damage to him, for example.
Another option of a character is that a character could make two
separate attacks: the first to throw the oil on thew target, the second
to throw fire on the target to light the oil. This is a much safer way,
but harder way. In any case, most proficient characters opt to wrap a
cloth around the grenade and light it before throwing it because this
is the safest way.
     A direct hit from flaming oil burns for two rounds, causing 2d6
points of damage in the first round and 1d6 points in the second round.
 
Poison
 
     Poisons that are only effective when injected or ingested are
generally not effective as grenade contents. It is very hard to get the
poison to splash into a targets mouth and a direct hit can't guarantee
this. The exception is a huge creature that has a nice gaping mouth as
a target. A direct hit into the mouth would suffice to cause the poison
to be considered injected.
     Contact poison is the preferred type of poison because they have
normal effects. The only problem with contact poison is that it is very
expense (not to mention that poisons are illegal in most
civilizations). In fact, to fill a whole grenade with contact poisons
is very expense considering a small dose could be as little as a drop
and cost a small fortune. So, characters may waver the splash effects
of the grenade with the use of less poison and hope for a direct hit
which would be enough to administer the poison.
 

