Path: calvino.alaska.net!nwnexus!scipio.cyberstore.ca!math.ohio-state.edu!uwm.edu!msunews!netnews.upenn.edu!news.drexel.edu!sn225025.resnet.drexel.edu!use
From: st93lte8@dunx1.ocs.drexel.edu (Christopher P. Dilkus)
Newsgroups: alt.engr.explosives
Subject: post 3.1
Date: Wed, 01 Mar 1995 08:16:10 -0500
Organization: Irresponsible Actions Unltd.
Lines: 529
Message-ID: <st93lte8-0103950816100001@sn225025.resnet.drexel.edu>
NNTP-Posting-Host: sn225025.resnet.drexel.edu

here's the jolly roger's cookbook version 3.0 as requested

[begin file]
[Index to the Jolly Roger's Cookbook v 3.0]

 000:  Introduction by The Jolly Roger
 001:  Counterfeiting Money
 002:  Credit Card Fraud
 003:  Making Plastic Explosives from Bleach
 004:  Picking Master Locks
 005:  The Arts of Lockpicking I
 006:  The Arts of Lockpicking II
 007:  Solidox Bombs
 008:  High Tech Revenge:  The Beigebox (NEW Revision 2.0)
 009:  CO2 Bombs
 010:  Thermite Bombs
 011:  Touch Explosives
 012:  Letter Bombs
 013:  Paint Bombs
 014:  Ways to send a car to HELL
 015:  Do ya hate school?
 016:  Phone related vandalism
 017:  Highway police radar jamming
 018:  Smoke Bombs
 019:  Mail Box Bombs
 020:  Hotwiring cars
 021:  Napalm
 022:  Fertilizer Bomb
 023:  Tennis Ball Bomb
 024:  Diskette Bombs
 025:  Unlisted Phone Numbers
 026:  Fuses
 027:  How to make Potassium Nitrate
 028:  Exploding Lightbulbs
 029:  Under water igniters
 030:  Home-brew blast cannon
 031:  Chemical Equivalency List
 032:  Phone Taps
 033:  Landmines
 034:  A different kind of Molitov Cocktail
 035:  Phone Systems Tutorial I
 036:  Phone Systems Tutorial II
 037:  Basic Alliance Teleconferencing
 038:  Aqua Box Plans
 039:  Hindenberg Bomb
 040:  How to Kill Someone with your Bare Hands
 041:  Phone Systems Tutorial III
 042:  Black Box Plans
 043:  The Blotto Box
 044:  Blowgun
 045:  Brown Box Plans
 046:  Calcium Carbide Bomb
 047:  More Ways to Send a Car to Hell
 048:  Ripping off Change Machines
 049:  Clear Box Plans
 050:  CNA Number Listing
 051:  Electronic Terrorism
 052:  How to Start a Conference w/o 2600hz or M-F
 053:  Dynamite
 054:  Auto Exhaust Flame Thower
 055:  How to Break into BBs Express
 056:  Firebomb
 057:  Fuse Bomb
 058:  Generic Bomb
 059:  Green Box Plans
 060:  Portable Grenade Launcher
 061:  Basic Hacking Tutorial I
 062:  Basic Hacking Tutorial II
 063:  Hacking DEC's
 064:  Harmless Bombs
 065:  Breaking into Houses
 066:  Hypnotism
 067:  Remote Informer Issue #1
 068:  Jackpotting ATM Machines
 069:  Jug Bomb
 070:  Fun at K-Mart
 071:  Mace Substitute
 072:  How to Grow Marijuana
 073:  Match Head Bomb
 074:  Terrorizing McDonalds
 075:  "Mentor's" Last Words
 076:  The Myth of the 2600hz Detector
 077:  Blue Box Plans
 078:  Napalm II
 079:  Nitroglycerin Recipe
 080:  Operation: Fuckup
 081:  Stealing Calls from Payphones
 082:  Pool Fun
 083:  Free Postage
 084:  Unstable Explosives
 085:  Weird Drugs
 086:  The Art of Carding
 087:  Recognizing Credit Cards
 088:  How to Get a New Identity
 089:  Remote Informer Issue #2
 090:  Remote Informer Issue #3
 091:  Remote Informer Issue #4
 092:  Remote Informer Issue #5
 093:  Phreaker's Guide to Loop Lines
 094:  Ma-Bell Tutorial
 095:  Getting Money out of Pay Phones
 096:  Computer-based PBX
 097:  PC-Pursuit Port Statistics
 098:  Pearl Box Plans
 099:  The Phreak File
 100:  Red Box Plans
 101:  RemObS
 102:  Scarlet Box Plans
 103:  Silver Box Plans
 104:  Bell Trashing
 105:  Canadian WATS Phonebook
 106:  Hacking TRW
 107:  Hacking VAX & UNIX
 108:  Verification Circuits
 109:  White Box Plans
 110:  The BLAST Box
 111:  Dealing with the Rate & Route Operator
 112:  Cellular Phone Phreaking
 113:  Cheesebox Plans
 114:  How to Start Your Own Conferences
 115:  Gold Box Plans
 116:  The History of ESS
 117:  The Lunch Box
 118:  Olive Box Plans
 119:  The Tron Box
 120:  More TRW Info
 121:  "Phreaker's Phunhouse"
 122:  Phrack Magazine - Vol. 3, Issue 27 (Intro to MIDNET)
 123:  Phrack Magazine - Vol. 3, Issue 27 (The Making of a Hacker)
 124:  Phrack Magazine - Vol. 3, Issue 28 (Network Miscellany)
 125:  Phrack Magazine - Vol. 3, Issue 28 (Pearl Box Schematic)
 126:  Phrack Magazine - Vol. 3, Issue 28 (Snarfing Remote Files)
 127:  Phrack Magazine - Vol. 3, Issue 30 (Western Union, Telex,
                                          TWX & Time Service)
 128:  Phrack Magazine - Vol. 3, Issue 30 (Hacking & Tymnet)
 129:  Phrack Magazine - Vol. 3, Issue 30 (The DECWRL Mail Gateway)
 130:  Sodium Chlorate
 131:  Mercury Fulminate
 132:  Improvised Black Powder
 133:  Nitric Acid
 134:  Dust Bomb Instructions
 135:  Carbon-Tet Explosive
 136:  Making Picric Acid from Aspirin
 137:  Reclamation of RDX from C-4 Explosives
 138:  Egg-based Gelled Flame Fuels
 139:  Clothespin Switch
 140:  Flexible Plate Switch
 141:  Low Signature Systems (Silencers)
 142:  Delay Igniter From Cigarette
 143:  Nicotine
 144:  Dried Seed Timer
 145:  Nail Grenade
 146:  Bell Glossary
 147:  Phone Dial Locks -- How to Beat'em
 148:  Exchange Scanning
 149:  A Short History of Phreaking
 150:  "Secrets of the Little Blue Box" (story)
 151:  The History of British Phreaking
 152:  "Bad as Shit" (story)
 153:  Telenet
 154:  Fucking with the Operator
 155:  Phrack Magazine - Vol. 1, Issue 1 (The Phone Preak's Fry-Um Guide)
 156:  International Country Code Listing
 157:  Infinity Transmitter Schematic and Plans
 158:  LSD
 159:  Bananas
 160:  Yummy Marihuana Recipes
 161:  Peanuts
 162:  Chemical Fire Bottle
 163:  Igniter from Book Matches
 164:  "Red or White Powder" Propellant
 165:  Pipe Hand Grenade
 166:  European Credit Card Fraud (Written by Creditman! A
                                   Cookbook III Exclusive!!)

       More to come!!             -----------Jolly Roger


 Counterfeiting Money                            by The Jolly Roger

 Before reading this article, it would be a very good idea to get a
 book on photo offset printing, for this is the method used in
 counterfeiting US currency.  If you are familiar with this method
 of printing, counterfeiting should be a simple task for you.

 Genuine currency is made by a process called "gravure", which
 involves etching a metal block.  Since etching a metal block is
 impossible to do by hand, photo offset printing comes into the
 process.

 Photo offset printing starts by making negatives of the currency
 with a camera, and putting the negatives on a piece of masking
 material (usually orange in color).  The stripped negatives,
 commonly called "flats", are then exposed to a lithographic plate
 with an arc light plate maker.  The burned plates are then
 developed with the proper developing chemical.  One at a time,
 these plates are wrapped around the plate cylinder of the press.

 The press to use should be an 11 by 14 offset, such as the AB Dick
 360.  Make 2 negatives of the portrait side of the bill, and 1 of
 the back side.  After developing them and letting them dry, take
 them to a light table.  Using opaque on one of the portrait sides,
 touch out all the green, which is the seal and the serial numbers.
 The back side does not require any retouching, because it is all
 one color.  Now, make sure all of the negatives are registered
 (lined up correctly) on the flats.  By the way, every time you
 need another serial number, shoot 1 negative of the portrait side,
 cut out the serial number, and remove the old serial number from
 the flat replacing it with the new one.

 Now you have all 3 flats, and each represents a different color:
 black, and 2 shades of green (the two shades of green are created
 by mixing inks).  Now you are ready to burn the plates.  Take a
 lithographic plate and etch three marks on it.  These marks must
 be 2 and 9/16 inches apart, starting on one of the short edges.
 Do the same thing to 2 more plates.  Then, take 1 of the flats and
 place it on the plate, exactly lining the short edge up with the
 edge of the plate.  Burn it, move it up to the next mark, and
 cover up the exposed area you have already burned.  Burn that, and
 do the same thing 2 more times, moving the flat up one more mark.
 Do the same process with the other 2 flats (each on a separate
 plate).  Develop all three plates.  You should now have 4 images
 on each plate with an equal space between each bill.

 The paper you will need will not match exactly, but it will do for
 most situations.  The paper to use should have a 25% rag content.
 By the way, Disaperf computer paper (invisible perforation) does
 the job well.  Take the paper and load it into the press.  Be sure
 to set the air, buckle, and paper thickness right.  Start with the
 black plate (the plate without the serial numbers).  Wrap it
 around the cylinder and load black ink in.  Make sure you run more
 than you need because there will be a lot of rejects.  Then, while
 that is printing, mix the inks for the serial numbers and the back
 side.  You will need to add some white and maybe yellow to the
 serial number ink.  You also need to add black to the back side.
 Experiment until you get it right.  Now, clean the press and print
 the other side.  You will now have a bill with no green seal or
 serial numbers.  Print a few with one serial number, make another
 and repeat.  Keep doing this until you have as many different
 numbers as you want.  Then cut the bills to the exact size with a
 paper cutter.  You should have printed a large amount of money by
 now, but there is still one problem;  the paper is pure white.  To
 dye it, mix the following in a pan:  2 cups of hot water, 4 tea
 bags, and about 16 to 20 drops of green food coloring (experiment
 with this).  Dip one of the bills in and compare it to a genuine
 US bill.  Make the necessary adjustments, and dye all the bills.
 Also, it is a good idea to make them look used.  For example,
 wrinkle them, rub coffee grinds on them, etc.

 As before mentioned, unless you are familiar with photo offset
 printing, most of the information in this article will be fairly
 hard to understand.  Along with getting a book on photo offset
 printing, try to see the movie "To Live and Die in LA".  It is
 about a counterfeiter, and the producer does a pretty good job of
 showing how to counterfeit.  A good book on the subject is "The
 Poor Man's James Bond".

 If all of this seems too complicated to you, there is one other
 method available for counterfeiting:  The Canon color laser
 copier.  The Canon can replicate ANYTHING in vibrant color,
 including US currency.  But, once again, the main problem in
 counterfeiting is the paper used.  So, experiment, and good luck!
                                              -Jolly Roger-



 Credit Card Fraud                brought to you by The Jolly Roger

 For most of you out there, money is hard to come by.  Until now:

 With the recent advent of plastic money (credit cards), it is
 easy to use someone else's credit card to order the items you have
 always desired in life.  The stakes are high, but the payoff is
 worth it.

 Step One:  Getting the credit card information

 First off, you must obtain the crucial item:  someone's credit
 card number.  The best way to get credit card numbers is to take
 the blue carbons used in a credit card transaction at your local
 department store.  These can usually be found in the garbage can
 next to the register, or for the more daring, in the garbage
 dumpster behind the store.  But, due to the large amount of credit
 card fraud, many stores have opted to use a carbonless transaction
 sheet, making things much more difficult.  This is where your
 phone comes in handy.

 First, look up someone in the phone book, and obtain as much
 information as possible about them.  Then, during business hours,
 call in a very convincing voice - "Hello, this is John Doe from
 the Visa Credit Card Fraud Investigations Department.  We have
 been informed that your credit card may have been used for
 fraudulent purposes, so will you please read off the numbers
 appearing on your Visa card for verification."  Of course, use
 your imagination!  Believe it or not, many people will fall for
 this ploy and give out their credit information.

 Now, assuming that you have your victim's credit card number, you
 should be able to decipher the information given.

 Step Two:  Recognizing information from carbon copies

 Card examples:

 [American Express]
 XXXX XXXXXX XXXXX
 MM/Y1 THRU MM/Y2
 JOE SHMOE

 [American Express]
 XXXX XXXXXX XXXXX
 MM/Y1 THRU MM/Y2
 JOE SHMOE

 Explanation:
    MM/Y1 is the date the card was issued, and MM/Y2 is the
    expiration date.  The American Express Gold Card has numbers
    XXXXXX XXXXXXXX XXXXXXXX, and is covered for up to $5000.00,
    even if the card holder is broke.

 [Mastercard]
 5XXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
 XXXX AAA DD-MM-YY MM/YY
 JOE SHMOE

 Explanation:
    XXXX in the second row may be asked for during the ordering
    process.  The first date is when the card was new, and the
    second is when the card expires.  The most frequent number
    combination used is 5424 1800 XXXX XXXX.  There are many of
    these cards in circulation, but many of these are on wanted
    lists, so check these first.

 [Visa]
 4XXX XXX(X) XXX(X) XXX(X)
 MM/YY    MM/YY*VISA
 JOE SHMOE

 Explanation:
    Visa is the most abundant card, and is accepted almost
    everywhere.  The "*VISA" is sometimes replaced with "BWG", or
    followed with a special code.  These codes are as follows:

    [1]  MM/YY*VISA V - Preferred Card
    [2]  MM/YY*VISA CV - Classic Card
    [3]  MM/YY*VISA PV - Premier Card

    Preferred Cards are backed with money, and are much safer to
    use.  Classic Cards are newer, harder to reproduce cards with
    decent backing.  Premier Cards are Classic Cards with Preferred
    coverage.  Common numbers are 4448 020 XXX XXX, 4254 5123 6000
    XXXX, and 4254 5123 8500 XXXX.  Any 4712 1250 XXXX XXXX cards
    are IBM Credit Union cards, and are risky to use, although
    they are usually covered for large purchases.

 Step Three:  Testing credit

 You should now have a Visa, Mastercard, or American Express
 credit card number, with the victim's address, zip code, and phone
 number.  By the way, if you have problems getting the address,
 most phone companies offer the Address Tracking Service, which is
 a special number you call that will give you an address from a
 phone number, at a nominal charge.  Now you need to check the
 balance of credit on the credit card (to make sure you don't run
 out of money), and you must also make sure that the card isn't
 stolen.  To do this you must obtain a phone number that
 businesses use to check out credit cards during purchases.  If you
 go to a department store, watch the cashier when someone makes a
 credit card purchase.  He/she will usually call a phone number,
 give the credit information, and then give what is called a
 "Merchant Number".  These numbers are usually written down on or
 around the register.  It is easy to either find these numbers and
 copy them, or to wait until they call one in.  Watch what they
 dial and wait for the 8 digit (usually) merchant number.  Once you
 call the number, in a calm voice, read off the account number,
 merchant number, amount, and expiration date.  The credit bureau
 will tell you if it is ok, and will give you an authorization
 number.  Pretend you are writing this number down, and repeat it
 back to them to check it.  Ignore this number completely, for it
 serves no real purpose.  However, once you do this, the bank
 removes dollars equal to what you told them, because the card was
 supposedly used to make a purchase.  Sometimes you can trick the
 operator by telling her the customer changed his mind and decided
 not to charge it.  Of course, some will not allow this.  Remember
 at all times that you are supposed to be a store clerk calling to
 check out the card for a purchase.  Act like you are talking with
 a customer when he/she "cancels".

 Step Four:  The drop

 Once the cards are cleared, you must find a place to have the
 package sent.  NEVER use a drop more than once.  The following are
 typical drop sites:

    [1]  An empty house

 An empty house makes an excellent place to send things.  Send the
 package UPS, and leave a note on the door saying, "UPS.  I work
 days, 8 to 6.  Could you please leave the package on the back door
 step?"  You can find dozens of houses from a real estate agent by
 telling them you want to look around for a house.  Ask for a list
 of twenty houses for sale, and tell them you will check out the
 area.  Do so, until you find one that suits your needs.

    [2]  Rent A Spot

 U-Haul sometimes rents spaces where you can have packages sent and
 signed for.  End your space when the package arrives.

    [3]  People's houses

 Find someone you do not know, and have the package sent there.
 Call ahead saying that "I called the store and they sent the
 package to the wrong address.  It was already sent, but can you
 keep it there for me?"  This is a very reliable way if you keep
 calm when talking to the people.

 Do NOT try post office boxes.  Most of the time, UPS will not
 deliver to a post office box, and many people have been caught in
 the past attempting to use a post office box.  Also, when you have
 determined a drop site, keep an eye on it for suspicious
 characters and cars that have not been there before.

 Step Five:  Making the transaction

 You should now have a reliable credit card number with all the
 necessary billing information, and a good drop site.

 The best place to order from is catalogues, and mail order houses.
 It is in your best interest to place the phone call from a pay
 phone, especially if it is a 1-800 number.  Now, when you call,
 don't try to disguise your voice, thinking you will trick the
 salesperson into believing you are an adult.  These folks are
 trained to detect this, so your best bet is to order in your own
 voice.  They will ask for the following:  name, name as it appears
 on card, phone number, billing address, expiration date, method of
 shipping, and product.  Ask if they offer UPS Red shipping (next
 day arrival), because it gives them less time to research an
 order.  If you are using American Express, you might have a bit of
 a problem shipping to an address other than the billing address.
 Also, if the salesperson starts to ask questions, do NOT hang up.
 Simply talk your way out of the situation, so you won't encourage
 investigation on the order.

 If everything goes right, you should have the product, free of
 charge.  Insurance picks up the tab, and no one is any wiser.  Be
 careful, and try not to order anything over $500.  In some states,
 UPS requires a signature for anything over $200, not to mention
 that anything over $200 is defined as grand theft, as well as
 credit fraud.  Get caught doing this, and you will bite it for a
 couple of years.  Good luck!

 Making Plastic Explosives from Bleach           by The Jolly Roger

 Potassium chlorate is an extremely volatile explosive compound,
 and has been used in the past as the main explosive filler in
 grenades, land mines, and mortar rounds by such countries as
 France and Germany.  Common household bleach contains a small
 amount of potassium chlorate, which can be extracted by the
 procedure that follows.

 First off, you must obtain:

 [1]  A heat source (hot plate, stove, etc.)
 [2]  A hydrometer, or battery hydrometer
 [3]  A large Pyrex, or enameled steel container (to weigh
      chemicals)
 [4]  Potassium chloride (sold as a salt substitute at health and
      nutrition stores)

 Take one gallon of bleach, place it in the container, and begin
 heating it.  While this solution heats, weigh out 63 grams of
 potassium chloride and add this to the bleach being heated.
 Constantly check the solution being heated with the hydrometer,
 and boil until you get a reading of 1.3.  If using a battery
 hydrometer, boil until you read a FULL charge.

 Take the solution and allow it to cool in a refrigerator until it
 is between room temperature and 0 degrees Celcius.  Filter out the
 crystals that have formed and save them.  Boil this solution again
 and cool as before.  Filter and save the crystals.

 Take the crystals that have been saved, and mix them with
 distilled water in the following proportions:  56 grams per 100
 milliliters distilled water.  Heat this solution until it boils
 and allow to cool.  Filter the solution and save the crystals that
 form upon cooling.  This process of purification is called
 "fractional crystalization".  These crystals should be relatively
 pure potassium chlorate.

 Powder these to the consistency of face powder, and heat gently to
 drive off all moisture.

 Now, melt five parts Vaseline with five parts wax.  Dissolve this
 in white gasoline (camp stove gasoline), and pour this liquid on
 90 parts potassium chlorate (the powdered crystals from above)
 into a plastic bowl.  Knead this liquid into the potassium
 chlorate until intimately mixed.  Allow all gasoline to evaporate.

 Finally, place this explosive into a cool, dry place.  Avoid
 friction, sulfur, sulfides, and phosphorous compounds.  This
 explosive is best molded to the desired shape and density of 1.3
 grams in a cube and dipped in wax until water proof.  These block
 type charges guarantee the highest detonation velocity.  Also, a
 blasting cap of at least a 3 grade must be used.

 The presence of the afore mentioned compounds (sulfur, sulfides,
 etc.) results in mixtures that are or can become highly sensitive
 and will possibly decompose explosively while in storage.  You
 should never store homemade explosives, and you must use EXTREME
 caution at all times while performing the processes in this
 article.

 You may obtain a catalog of other subject of this nature by
 writing:

      Information Publishing Co.
      Box 10042
      Odessa, Texas  79762

-- 
**************************   christopher p. dilkus
*                        *   st93lte8@dunx1.ocs.drexel.edu
*  ***  **  **  **  ***  *   http://sn225025.resnet.drexel.edu
*  **** **  **  ** ****  *   
*  ** ****  **  **** **  *   now im nothing    next motherfucker's 
*  **  ***  **  ***  **  *   - trent reznor    gonna get my metal
*                        *                     -marilyn manson    
**************************
Path: calvino.alaska.net!nwnexus!scipio.cyberstore.ca!math.ohio-state.edu!uwm.edu!msunews!netnews.upenn.edu!news.drexel.edu!sn225025.resnet.drexel.edu!use
From: st93lte8@dunx1.ocs.drexel.edu (Christopher P. Dilkus)
Newsgroups: alt.engr.explosives
Subject: post 3.2
Date: Wed, 01 Mar 1995 08:16:41 -0500
Organization: Irresponsible Actions Unltd.
Lines: 524
Message-ID: <st93lte8-0103950816410001@sn225025.resnet.drexel.edu>
NNTP-Posting-Host: sn225025.resnet.drexel.edu

The Arts of Lockpicking I              courtesy of The Jolly Roger

 Lockpicking I:  Cars and assorted other locks

 While the basic themes of lockpicking and uninvited entry have not
 changed much in the last few years, some modern devices and
 techniques have appeared on the scene.

 Automobiles:

 Many older automobiles can still be opened with a Slim Jim type of
 opener (these and other auto locksmithing techniques are covered
 fully in the book "In the Still of the Night", by John Russell
 III);  however, many car manufacturers have built cases over the
 lock mechanism, or have moved the lock mechanism so the Slim Jim
 will not work.  So:

 American Locksmith Service
 P.O. Box 26
 Culver City, CA  90230

 ALS offers a new and improved Slim Jim that is 30 inches long and
 3/4 inches wide, so it will both reach and slip through the new
 car lock covers (inside the door).  Price is $5.75 plus $2.00
 postage and handling.

 Cars manufactured by General Motors have always been a bane to
 people who needed to open them, because the sidebar locking unit
 they employ is very difficult to pick.  To further complicate
 matters, the new GM cars employ metal shields to make the use of a
 Slim Jim type instrument very difficult.  So:

 Lock Technology Corporation
 685 Main St.
 New Rochelle, NY  10801

 LTC offers a cute little tool which will easily remove the lock
 cylinder without harm to the vehicle, and will allow you to enter
 and/or start the vehicle.  The GMC-40 sells for $56.00 plus $2.00
 for postage and handling.

 The best general automobile opening kit is probably a set of
 lockout tools offered by:

 Steck MFG Corporation
 1319 W. Stewart St.
 Dayton, OH  45408

 For $29.95 one can purchase a complete set of six carbon lockout
 tools that will open more than 95% of all the cars around.

 Kwickset locks have become quite popular as one step security
 locks for many types of buildings.  They are a bit harder to pick
 and offer a higher degree of security than a normal builder
 installed door lock.  So:

 A MFG
 1151 Wallace St.
 Massilon, OH  44646

 Price is $11.95.  Kwickset locks can handily be disassembled and
 the door opened without harm to either the lock or the door by
 using the above mentioned Kwick Out tool.

 If you are too lazy to pick auto locks:

 Veehof Supply
 Box 361
 Storm Lake, IO  50588

 VS sells tryout keys for most cars (tryout keys are used since
 there is no one master key for any one make of car, but there are
 group type masters (a.k.a. tryout keys).  Prices average about
 $20.00 a set.

 Updated Lockpicking:

 For years, there have been a number of pick attack procedures for
 most pin and tumbler lock systems.  In reverse order of ease they
 are as follows:

 Normal Picking:  Using a pick set to align the pins, one by one,
                  until the shear line is set and the lock opens.

 Racking:  This method uses picks that are constructed with a
           series of bumps, or diamond shape notches.  These picks
           are "raked" (i.e. run over all the pins at one time).
           With luck, the pins will raise in the open position and
           stay there.  Raking, if successful, can be much less of
           an effort than standard picking.

 Lock Aid Gun:  This gun shaped device was invented a number of
                years ago and has found application with many
                locksmiths and security personnel.  Basically, a
                needle shaped pick is inserted in the snout of the
                "gun", and the "trigger" is pulled.  This action
                snaps the pick up and down strongly.  If the tip is
                slipped under the pins, they will also be snapped
                up and down strongly.  With a bit of luck they will
                strike each other and separate at the shear line
                for a split second.  When this happens the lock
                will open.  The lock aid gun is not 100%
                successful, but when it does work, the results are
                very dramatic.  You can sometimes open the lock
                with one snap of the trigger.

 Vibrator:  Some crafty people have mounted a needle pick into an
            electric toothbrush power unit.  This vibrating effect
            will sometimes open pin tumbler locks -- instantly.

 There is now another method to open pin and wafer locks in a very
 short time.  Although it resembles a toothbrush pick in
 appearance, it is actually an electronic device.  I am speaking of
 the Cobra pick that is designed and sold by:

 Fed Corporation
 P.O. Box 569
 Scottsdale, AR  85252

 The Cobra uses two nine volt batteries, teflon bearings (for less
 noise), and a cam roller.  It comes with three picks (for
 different types of locks) and works both in America and overseas,
 on pin or wafer locks.  The Cobra will open group one locks
Path: calvino.alaska.net!nwnexus!scipio.cyberstore.ca!math.ohio-state.edu!uwm.edu!msunews!netnews.upenn.edu!news.drexel.edu!sn225025.resnet.drexel.edu!use
From: st93lte8@dunx1.ocs.drexel.edu (Christopher P. Dilkus)
Newsgroups: alt.engr.explosives
Subject: post 3.2
Date: Wed, 01 Mar 1995 08:16:41 -0500
Organization: Irresponsible Actions Unltd.
Lines: 524
Message-ID: <st93lte8-0103950816410001@sn225025.resnet.drexel.edu>
NNTP-Posting-Host: sn225025.resnet.drexel.edu

The Arts of Lockpicking I              courtesy of The Jolly Roger

 Lockpicking I:  Cars and assorted other locks

 While the basic themes of lockpicking and uninvited entry have not
 changed much in the last few years, some modern devices and
 techniques have appeared on the scene.

 Automobiles:

 Many older automobiles can still be opened with a Slim Jim type of
 opener (these and other auto locksmithing techniques are covered
 fully in the book "In the Still of the Night", by John Russell
 III);  however, many car manufacturers have built cases over the
 lock mechanism, or have moved the lock mechanism so the Slim Jim
 will not work.  So:

 American Locksmith Service
 P.O. Box 26
 Culver City, CA  90230

 ALS offers a new and improved Slim Jim that is 30 inches long and
 3/4 inches wide, so it will both reach and slip through the new
 car lock covers (inside the door).  Price is $5.75 plus $2.00
 postage and handling.

 Cars manufactured by General Motors have always been a bane to
 people who needed to open them, because the sidebar locking unit
 they employ is very difficult to pick.  To further complicate
 matters, the new GM cars employ metal shields to make the use of a
 Slim Jim type instrument very difficult.  So:

 Lock Technology Corporation
 685 Main St.
 New Rochelle, NY  10801

 LTC offers a cute little tool which will easily remove the lock
 cylinder without harm to the vehicle, and will allow you to enter
 and/or start the vehicle.  The GMC-40 sells for $56.00 plus $2.00
 for postage and handling.

 The best general automobile opening kit is probably a set of
 lockout tools offered by:

 Steck MFG Corporation
 1319 W. Stewart St.
 Dayton, OH  45408

 For $29.95 one can purchase a complete set of six carbon lockout
 tools that will open more than 95% of all the cars around.

 Kwickset locks have become quite popular as one step security
 locks for many types of buildings.  They are a bit harder to pick
 and offer a higher degree of security than a normal builder
 installed door lock.  So:

 A MFG
 1151 Wallace St.
 Massilon, OH  44646

 Price is $11.95.  Kwickset locks can handily be disassembled and
 the door opened without harm to either the lock or the door by
 using the above mentioned Kwick Out tool.

 If you are too lazy to pick auto locks:

 Veehof Supply
 Box 361
 Storm Lake, IO  50588

 VS sells tryout keys for most cars (tryout keys are used since
 there is no one master key for any one make of car, but there are
 group type masters (a.k.a. tryout keys).  Prices average about
 $20.00 a set.

 Updated Lockpicking:

 For years, there have been a number of pick attack procedures for
 most pin and tumbler lock systems.  In reverse order of ease they
 are as follows:

 Normal Picking:  Using a pick set to align the pins, one by one,
                  until the shear line is set and the lock opens.

 Racking:  This method uses picks that are constructed with a
           series of bumps, or diamond shape notches.  These picks
           are "raked" (i.e. run over all the pins at one time).
           With luck, the pins will raise in the open position and
           stay there.  Raking, if successful, can be much less of
           an effort than standard picking.

 Lock Aid Gun:  This gun shaped device was invented a number of
                years ago and has found application with many
                locksmiths and security personnel.  Basically, a
                needle shaped pick is inserted in the snout of the
                "gun", and the "trigger" is pulled.  This action
                snaps the pick up and down strongly.  If the tip is
                slipped under the pins, they will also be snapped
                up and down strongly.  With a bit of luck they will
                strike each other and separate at the shear line
                for a split second.  When this happens the lock
                will open.  The lock aid gun is not 100%
                successful, but when it does work, the results are
                very dramatic.  You can sometimes open the lock
                with one snap of the trigger.

 Vibrator:  Some crafty people have mounted a needle pick into an
            electric toothbrush power unit.  This vibrating effect
            will sometimes open pin tumbler locks -- instantly.

 There is now another method to open pin and wafer locks in a very
 short time.  Although it resembles a toothbrush pick in
 appearance, it is actually an electronic device.  I am speaking of
 the Cobra pick that is designed and sold by:

 Fed Corporation
 P.O. Box 569
 Scottsdale, AR  85252

 The Cobra uses two nine volt batteries, teflon bearings (for less
 noise), and a cam roller.  It comes with three picks (for
 different types of locks) and works both in America and overseas,
 on pin or wafer locks.  The Cobra will open group one locks
 (common door locks) in three to seven seconds with no damage, in
 the hands of an experienced locksmith.  It can take a few seconds
 more or up to a half a minute for someone with no experience at
 all.  It will also open group two locks (including government,
 high security, and medecos), although this can take a short time
 longer.  It will not open GM sidear locks, although a device is
 about to be introduced to fill that gap.  How much for this toy
 that will open most locks in seven seconds?

 $235.00 plus $4.00 shipping and handling.

 For you hard core safe crackers, FC also sells the MI-6 that will
 open most safes at a cost of $10,000 for the three wheel attack
 model, and $10,500 for the four wheel model.  It comes in a sturdy
 aluminum carrying case with monitor, disk drive and software.

 If none of these safe and sane ideas appeal to you, you can always
 fall back on the magic thermal lance...

 The thermal lance is a rather crude instrument constructed from
 3/8 inch hollow magnesium rods.  Each tube comes in a 10 foot
 length, but can be cut down if desired.  Each one is threaded on
 one end.  To use the lance, you screw the tube together with a
 matted regulator (like a welding outfit uses) and hook up an
 oxygen tank.  Then oxygen is turned on and the rod is lit with a
 standard welding ignitor.  The device produces an incredible
 amount of heat.  It is used for cutting up concrete blocks or even
 rocks.  An active lance will go through a foot of steel in a few
 seconds.  The lance is also known as a burning bar, and is
 available from:

 C.O.L. MFG
 7748 W. Addison
 Chicago, IL  60634

 The Arts of Lockpicking II             courtesy of The Jolly Roger

 So you want to be a criminal.  Well, if you want to be like James
 Bond and open a lock in fifteen seconds, then go to Hollywood,
 because that is the only place you are ever going to do it.  Even
 experienced locksmiths can spend five to ten minutes on a lock if
 they are unlucky.  If you are wanting extremely quick access, look
 elsewhere.  The following instructions will pertain mostly to the
 "lock in knob" type lock, since it is the easiest to pick.

 First of all, you need a pick set.  If you know a locksmith, get
 him to make you a set.  This will be the best possible set for you
 to use.  If you find a locksmith unwilling to supply a set, don't
 give up hope.  It is possible to make your own, if you have access
 to a grinder (you can use a file, but it takes forever).

 The thing you need is an allen wrench set (very small).  These
 should be small enough to fit into the keyhole slot.  Now, bend
 the long end of the allen wrench at a slight angle (not 90
 degrees).  Now, take your pick to a grinder or a file, and smooth
 the end until it is rounded so it won't hang inside the lock.
 Test your tool out on doorknobs at your house to see if it will
 slide in and out smoothly.  Now, this is where the screwdriver
 comes in.  It must be small enough for it and your pick to be used
 in the same lock at the same time, one above the other.  In the
 coming instructions, please refer to this chart of the interior of
 a lock:
 ______________________________
                               \ K
         |  |  |  |   |   |    / E
            |     |   |   |    \ Y           [|]  Upper tumbler pin
         ^     ^               / H           [^]  Lower tumbler pin
         ^  ^  ^  ^   ^   ^    \ O           [-]  Cylinder wall
                               / L   (This is a greatly simplified
                               \ E    drawing)
 ______________________________/

 The object is to press the pin up so that the space between the
 upper pin and the lower pin is level with the cylinder wall.  Now,
 if you push a pin up, it's tendency is to fall back down, right?
 That is where the screwdriver comes in.  Insert the screwdriver
 into the slot and turn.  This tension will keep the "solved" pins
 from falling back down.  Now, work from the back of the lock to
 the front, and when you are through, there will be a click, the
 screwdriver will turn freely, and the door will open.

 Do not get discouraged on your first try!  It will probably take
 you about twenty to thirty minutes your first time.  After that,
 you will quickly improve with practice.

 Solidox Bombs                                   by The Jolly Roger

 Most people are not aware that a volatile, extremely explosive
 chemical can be bought over the counter:  Solidox.

 Solidox comes in an aluminum can containing 6 grey sticks, and can
 be bought at Kmart, and various hardware supply shops for around
 $7.00.  Solidox is used in welding applications as an oxidizing
 agent for the hot flame needed to melt metal.  The most active
 ingredient in Solidox is potassium chlorate, a filler used in many
 military applications in the WWII era.

 Since Solidox is literally what the name says:  SOLID OXygen, you
 must have an energy source for an explosion.  The most common and
 readily available energy source is common household sugar, or
 sucrose.  In theory, glucose would be the purest energy source,
 but it is hard to find a solid supply of glucose.

 Making the mixture:

 [1]  Open the can of Solidox, and remove all 6 sticks.  One by
      one, grind up each of the sticks (preferably with a mortar
      and pestle) into the finest powder possible.
 [2]  The ratio for mixing the sugar with the Solidox is 1:1, so
      weigh the Solidox powder, and grind up the equivalent amount
      of sugar.
 [3]  Mix equivalent amounts of Solidox powder, and sugar in a 1:1
      ratio.

 It is just that simple!  You now have an extremely powerful
 substance that can be used in a variety of applications.  A word
 of caution:  be EXTREMELY careful in the entire process.  Avoid
 friction, heat, and flame.  A few years back, a teenager I knew
 blew 4 fingers off while trying to make a pipe bomb with Solidox.
 You have been warned!

 High Tech Revenge: The Beigebox  rev.2          by The Jolly Roger

              -------------Introduction-------------
 Have you ever wanted a lineman's handset? Surely every phreak has at
 least once considered the phun that he could have with one. After searching
 unlocked phone company trucks for months, we had an idea. We could build
 one. We did, and named it the "Beige Box" simply because that is the color
 of ours.
 The beigebox is simply a consumer lineman's handset, which is a
 phone that can be attached to the outside of a person's house.  To
 fabricate a beigebox, follow along.

              ---------Construction and Use---------
 The construction is very simple. First you must understand the concept of
 the device. In a modular jack, there are four wires. These are red, green,
 yellow, and black. For a single line telephone, however, only two matter:
 the red (ring) and green (tip). The yellow and the black are not neccessary
 for this project. A lineman's handset has two clips on it: the ring and
 the tip. Take a modular jack and look at the bottom of it's casing. There
 should be a grey jack with four wires  (red, green, yellow & black)
 leading out of it. To the end of the red wire attach a red aligator clip.
 To the end of the green wire attatch a green aligator clip. The yellow
 and black wires can be removed, although I would only set them aside so
 that you can use the modular jack in future projects. Now insert your
 telephone's modular plug into the modular jack. That's it. This particular
 model is nice because it is can be easily made, is inexpensive, uses
 common parts that are readily available, is small, is lightweight,
 and does not require the destruction of a phone.

              ------------Beige Box Uses------------
 There are many uses for a Beige Box. However, before you can use it,
 you must know how to attach it to the output device. This device can be
 of any of Bell switching apparatus that include germinal sets (i.e.
 remote switching centers, bridgin heads, cans, etc.). To open most Bell
 Telephone switching apparatus, you must have a 7/16 inch hex driver
 (or a good pair of needle nose pliers work also).
 This piece of equipment can be picked up at your local hardware store.
 With your hex driver (or pliers), turn the security bolt(s) approximately
 1/8 of an inch counter-clockwise and open. If your output device is locked,
 then you must have some knowledge of destroying and/or picking locks.
 However, we have never encountered a locked output device. Once you have
 opened your output device, you should see a mass of wires connected to
 terminals. On most output devices, the terminals should be labeled "T"
 (Tip -- if not labeled, it is usually on the left) and "R" (Ring -- if
 not labeled, usually on the right).

 Remember: Ring - red - right. The "Three R's" -- a simple way to
 remember which is which. Now you must attach all the red alligator clip
 (Ring) to the "R" (Ring) terminal.
 Attach the green alligator clip (Tip) to the "T" (Tip) terminal.

 Note: If instead of a dial tone you hear nothing, adjust the alligator
 clips so that they are not touching each other terminals. Also make sure
 they are firmly attached. By this time you should hear a dial tone.
 Dial ANI to find out the number you are using (you wouldn't want to use
 your own). Here are some practicle aplications:

        > Eavesdropping
        > Long distance, static free free fone calls to phriends
        > Dialing direct to Alliance Teleconferencing (also no static)
        > Phucking people over
        > Bothering the operator at little risk to yourself
        > Blue Boxing with greatly reduced chance of getting caught
        > Anything at all you want, since you are on an extension of that line.

 Eavesdropping
 -------------
 To be most effective, first attach the Beige Box then your phone. This
 eliminates the static caused by connecting the box, therefore
 reducing the potential suspicion of your victim. When eavesdropping,
 it is allways best to be neither seen nor heard. If you hear someone
 dialing out, do not panic; but rather hang up, wait, and pick up the
 receiver again. The person will either have hung up or tried to complete
 their call again. If the latter is true, then listen in, and perhaps you
 will find information worthy of blackmail! If you would like to know who
 you are listening to, after dialing ANI, pull a CN/A on the number.

 Dialing Long Distance
 ---------------------
 This section is self explanitory, but don't forget to dial a "1" before
 the NPA.

 Dialing Direct to Aliance Teleconferencing
 ------------------------------------------
 Simply dial 0-700-456-1000 and you will get instructions from there.
 I prefer this method over PBX's, since PBX's often have poor reception
 and are more dificult to come by.

 Phucking People Over
 --------------------
 This is a very large topic of discussion. Just by using the other topics
 described, you can create a large phone bill for the person (they will
 not have to pay for it, but it will be a big hassle for them). In addition,
 since you are an extension of the person's line, you can leave your
 phone off the hook, and they will not be able to make or receive calls.
 This can be extremely nasty because no one would expect the cause
 of the problem.
 Bothering the Operator
 ----------------------
 This is also self explanitary and can provide hours of entertainment.
 Simply ask her things that are offensive or you would not like traced
 to your line. This also corresponds to the previously described section,
 Phucking People Over. After all, guess who's line it gets traced to?
 He he he...

 Blue Boxing
 -----------
 See a file on Blue Boxing for more details. This is an especially nice
 feature if you live in an ESS-equiped prefix, since the calls are, once
 again, not traced to your line...

 ---POTENTIAL RISKS OF BEIGE BOXING----
 Overuse of the Beige Box may cause suspicians within the Gestapo,
 and result in legal problems. Therefor, I would recomend you:

             > Choose a secluded spot to do your Beige Boxing,
             > Use more than one output device
             > Keep a low profile (i.e., do not post under your real
               name on a public BBS concering your occomplishments)
             > In order to make sure the enemy has not been inside your output
               device, I recomend you place a piece of transparent tape over
               the opening of your output device. Therefor, if it is
               opened in your abscence, the tapqe will be displaced and
               you will be aware of the fact that someone has intruded
               on your teritory.

 Now, imagine the possibilities:  a $2000 dollar phone bill for
 that special person, 976 numbers galore, even harassing the
 operator at no risk to you!  Think of it as walking into an
 enemies house, and using their phone to your heart's content.

                                       ---------Jolly Roger


                How to make a CO2 bomb        by the Jolly Roger

 You will have to use up the cartridge first by either shooting it
 or whatever. With a nail, force a hole bigger so as to allow the
 powder and wick to fit in easily. Fill the cartridge with black
 powder and pack it in there real good by tapping the bottom of the
 cartridge on a hard surface (I said TAP not SLAM!). Insert a fuse.
 I recommend a good water-proof cannon fuse, or an m-80 type fuse,
 but firecracker fuses work, if you can run like a black man runs
 from the cops after raping a white girl.) Now, light it and run
 like hell! It does wonders for a row of mailboxes (like the ones
 in apartment complexes), a car (place under the gas tank), a
 picture window (place on window sill), a phone booth (place right
 under the phone), or any other devious place. This thing throws
 shrapnel, and can make quit a mess!!  -Jolly Roger-



 Thermite II... or A better way to make Thermite        by Jolly Roger

 Thermite is nasty shit. Here is a good and easy way to make it.
 The first step is to get some iron-oxide (which is RUST!). Here is
 a good way to make large quantities in a short time:

 - Get a DC convertor like the one used on a train set. Cut the
 connector off, seperate the wires, and strip them both.

 - Now you need a jar of water with a tablespoon or so of sodium
 chloride (which is SALT!) added to it. This makes the water
 conductive.

 - Now insert both wires into the mixture (I am assuming you
 plugged the convertor in...) and let them sit for five minutes.
 One of them will start bubbling more than the other. This is the
 POSITIVE(+) wire. If you do not do this test right, the final
 product will be the opposite (chemically) of rust, which is RUST
 ACID. You have no use for this here (although it IS useful!).

 - Anyway, put the nail tied to the positive wire into the jar. Now
 put the negative wire in the other end. Now let it sit overnight
 and in the morning scrape the rust off of the nail & repeat until
 you got a bunch of rust on the bottom of the glass. Be generous
 with your rust collection. If you are going through the trouble of
 making thermite, you might as well make a lot, right?

 - Now remove the excess water and pour the crusty solution onto a
 cookie sheet. Dry it in the sun for a few hours, or inside
 overnight. It should be an orange-brown color (although I have
 seen it in many different colors! Sometimes the color gets fucked
 up, what can I say... but it is still iron oxide!)

 - Crush the rust into a fine powder and heat it in a cast-iron pot
 until it is red. Now mix the pure iron oxide with pure alluminum
 filinos which can be bought or filed down by hand from an aluminum
 tube or bar. The ratio or iron oxide to aluminum is 8 grams to 3
 grams.

 - Congrats! You have just made THERMITE! Now, to light it...

 - Thermite requires a LOT of heat (more than a blow torch!) to
 ignite. However, a magnesium ribbon (which is sorta hard to find..
 call around) will do the trick.  It takes the heat from the
 burning magnesium to light the thermite.

 - Now when you see your victim's car, pour a fifty-cent sized pile
 onto his hood, stick the ribbon in it, and light the ribbon with
 the blow torch. Now chuckle as you watch it burn through the hood,
 the block, the axle, and the pavement. BE CAREFUL! The ideal
 mixtures can vaporize CARBON STEEL! Another idea is to use
 thermite to get into pay phone cash boxes. HAVE FUN!! -Jolly Roger-



 Touch Explosives                         by the Jolly Roger

 This is sort of a mild explosive, but it can be quite dangerous in
 large quantities. To make touch explosive (such as that found in a
 snap-n-pop, but more powerful), use this recipe:

 - Mix iodine crystals into ammonia until the iodine crystals will
 not dissolve into the ammonia anymore. Pour off the excess ammonia
 and dry out the crystals on a baking sheet the same way as you
 dried the thermite (in other words, just let it sit overnight!).

 - Be careful now because these crystals are now your touch
 explosive. Carefully wrap a bunch in paper (I mean carefully!
 Friction sets 'em off!) and throw them around.. pretty loud, huh?
 They are fun to put on someone's chair. Add a small fish sinker to
 them and they can be thrown a long distance (good for crowds,
 football games, concerts, etc.) Have fun!  -Jolly Roger-



 Letter Bombs                            by The Jolly Roger

 - You will first have to make a mild version of thermite. Use my
 recipe, but substitute iron fillings for rust.

 - Mix the iron with aluminum fillings in a ratio of 75% aluminum
 to 25% iron. This mixture will burn violently in a closed space
 (such as an envelope). This bring us to our next ingredient...

 - Go to the post office and buy an insulated (padded) envelope.
 You know, the type that is double layered... Seperate the layers
 and place the mild thermite in the main section, where the letter
 would go. Then place magnesium powder in the outer layer. There is
 your bomb!!

 - Now to light it... this is the tricky part and hard to explain.
 Just keep experimenting until you get something that works. The
 fuse is just that touch explosive I have told you about in another
 one of my anarchy files. You might want to wrap it like a long
 cigarette and then place it at the top of the envelope in the
 outer layer (on top of the powdered magnesium). When the touch
 explosive is torn or even squeezed hard it will ignite the
 powdered magnesium (sort of a flash light) and then it will burn
 the mild thermite. If the thermite didn't blow up, it would at
 least burn the fuck out of your enemy (it does wonders on human
 flesh!).

 NOW that is REVENGE!                 -Jolly Roger-



 Paint Bombs                          by The Jolly Roger

 To make a pain bomb you simply need a metal pain can with a
 refastenable lid, a nice bright color paint (green, pink, purple,
 or some gross color is perfect!), and a quantity of dry ice. Place
 the paint in the can and then drop the dry ice in. Quicky place
 the top on and then run like hell! With some testing you can time
 this to a science. It depends on the ratio of dry ice to paint to
 the size of the can to how full it is. If you are really pissed
 off at someone, you could place it on their doorstep, knock on the
 door, and then run!! Paint will fly all over the place HAHAHA!!
                                         -Jolly Roger-

-- 
**************************   christopher p. dilkus
*                        *   st93lte8@dunx1.ocs.drexel.edu
*  ***  **  **  **  ***  *   http://sn225025.resnet.drexel.edu
*  **** **  **  ** ****  *   
*  ** ****  **  **** **  *   now im nothing    next motherfucker's 
*  **  ***  **  ***  **  *   - trent reznor    gonna get my metal
*                        *                     -marilyn manson    
**************************
Path: calvino.alaska.net!nwnexus!scipio.cyberstore.ca!math.ohio-state.edu!uwm.edu!msunews!netnews.upenn.edu!news.drexel.edu!sn225025.resnet.drexel.edu!use
From: st93lte8@dunx1.ocs.drexel.edu (Christopher P. Dilkus)
Newsgroups: alt.engr.explosives
Subject: post 3.3
Date: Wed, 01 Mar 1995 08:17:10 -0500
Organization: Irresponsible Actions Unltd.
Lines: 615
Message-ID: <st93lte8-0103950817100001@sn225025.resnet.drexel.edu>
NNTP-Posting-Host: sn225025.resnet.drexel.edu


 Ways to send a car to Hell            by The Jolly Roger

 There are 1001 ways to destroy a car but I am going to cover only
 the ones that are the most fun (for you), the most destructive
 (for them), and the hardest to trace (for the cops).

 - Place thermite on the hood, light it, and watch it burn all the
 way through the pavement!

 - Tape a CO2 bomb to the hood, axel, gas tank, wheel, muffler,
 etc.)

 - Put a tampon, dirt, sugar (this one is good!), a ping pong ball,
 or just about anything that will dissolve in the gas tank.

 - Put potatoes, rocks, banannas, or anything that will fit, into
 the tailpipe. Use a broom handle to stuff 'em up into the
 tailpipe.

 - Put a long rag into the gas tank and light it...

 - Steal a key, copy it, replace it, and then steal the stereo.

 - Break into the car. Cut a thin metal ruler into a shape like
 this:
              ----
              |  |
              |  |
              |  |
              | <
              ----

 Slide it into the outside window and keep pulling it back up until
 you catch the lock cable which should unlock the door. This device
 is also called a SLIM JIM. Now get the stereo, equalizer, radar
 detector, etc. Now destroy the inside. (A sharp knife does wonders
 on the seats!)

 Have Fun!                                    -Jolly Roger-



 Do ya hate school?                  by The Jolly Roger

 - One of my favorites for getting out of a class or two is to call
 in a bomb threat. Tell 'em that it is in a locker. Then they have
 to check them all, whilst you can slip away for an hour or two.
 You can even place a fake bomb (in any locker but YOURS!). They
 might cancel school for a week while they investigate (of course,
 you will probably have to make it up in the summer...).

 - Get some pure potassium or pure sodium, put it in a capsule, and
 flush it down the toilet (smells awful! Stinks up the whole school!).

 - Use a smoke grenade in the hallway.

 - Steal the computer passwords & keys. Or steal the 80 column cards
  inside if they are (gag) IBM.

 - Make friends with student assistants and have them change your
 grades when the teachers hand in their bubble sheets for the report
 cards.

 - Spit your gum out on the carpet in the library or whatever and
 grind it into the carpet. Watch the janitors cry!

 - Draw on lockers or spraypaint on the building that the principal
 is a fascist.

 - Stick a potato in the tailpipe of the principal's car.

 - USE YOUR IMAGINATION!                   -Jolly Roger-



 Phone related vandalism                     by the Jolly Roger

 If you live where there are underground lines then you will be
 able to ruin someone's phone life very easily. All you must do is
 go to their house and find the green junction box that interfaces
 their line (and possibly some others in the neighborhood) with the
 major lines. These can be found just about anywhere but they are
 usually underneath the nearest phone pole. Take a socket wrench
 and loosen the nut on the right. Then just take clippers or a
 sledge hammer or a bomb and destroy the insides and pull up their
 phone cable. Now cut it into segments so it can't be fixed but
 must be replaced (There is a week's worth of work for 'em!!)
                                       -Jolly Roger-




 Highway radar jamming                       by The Jolly Roger

 Most drivers wanting to make better time on the open road will
 invest in one of those expensive radar detectors. However, this
 device will not work against a gun type radar unit in which the
 radar signal is not present until the cop has your car in his
 sights and pulls the trigger. Then it is TOO LATE for you to slow
 down. A better method is to continuously jam any signal with a
 radar signal of your own. I have tested this idea with the
 cooperation of a local cop and found that his unit reads random
 numbers when my car approached him. It is suprisingly easy to make
 a low power radar transmitter. A nifty little semiconductor called
 a Gunn Diode will generate microwaves when supplied with the 5 to
 10 volt DC and enclosed in the correct size cavity (resonater). An
 8 to 3 terminal regulator can be used to get this voltage from a
 car's 12v system. However, the correct construction and tuning of
 the cavity is difficult without good microwave measurement
 equipment. Police radars commonly operate on the K band at 22 ghz.
 Or more often on the X band at 10.525 ghz. most microwave intruder
 alarms and motion detectors (mounted over automatic doors in
 supermarkets & banks, etc.) contain a Gunn type
 transmitter/receiver combination that transmits about 10 kilowatts
 at 10.525 ghz. These units work perfectly as jammers. If you
 cannot get one locally, write to Microwave Associates in
 Burlington, Massachusettes and ask them for info on 'Gunnplexers'
 for ham radio use. When you get the unit it may be mounted in a
 plastic box on the dash or in a weather-proff enclosure behind the
 PLASTIC grille. Switch on the power when on an open highway. The
 unit will not jam radar to the side or behind the car so don't go
 speeding past the radar trap. An interesting phenomena you will
 notice is that the drivers who are in front of you who are using
 detectors will hit their brakes as you approach large metal signs
 and bridges. Your signal is bouncing off of these objects and
 triggering their radar detectors!       HAVE FUN!
                                        -Jolly Roger-

 P.S. If you are interested in this sort of thing, get a copy of
 POPULAR COMMUNICATIONS. The ads in there tell you where you can
 get all kinds of info on all kinds of neat equipment for all kinds
 of neat things!



 Smoke Bombs                         by the Jolly Roger

 Here is the recipe for one helluva smoke bomb!

 4 parts sugar
 6 parts potassium nitrate (Salt Peter)

 Heat this mixture over a LOW flame until it melts, stirring well.
 Pour it into a future container and, before it solidifies, imbed a
 few matches into the mixture to use as fuses. One pound of this
 stuff will fill up a whole block with thick, white smoke!



 Mail Box Bombs                                 by the Jolly Roger

 (1) Two litre bottle of chlorine (must contain sodium hypochlorate)

     Small amount of sugar

     Small amount of water


 Mix all three of these in equal amounts to fill about 1/10 of the
 bottle. Screw on the lid and place in a mailbox. It's hard to
 believe that such a small explosion will literally rip the mailbox
 in half and send it 20 feet into the air! Be careful doing this,
 though, because if you are caught, it is not up to the person
 whose mailbox you blew up to press charges. It is up to the city.
                                     -Jolly Roger-



 The easiest way to hotwire cars                 by the Jolly Roger

 Get in the car. Look under the dash. If it enclosed, forget it
 unless you want to cut through it. If you do, do it near the
 ignition. Once you get behind or near the ignition look for two
 red wires. In older cars red was the standard color, if not, look
 for two matched pairs. When you find them, cross them and take
 off!                                  -Jolly Roger-



 How to make Napalm                              by the Jolly Roger

 - Pour some gas into an old bowl, or some kind of container.

 - Get some styrofoam and put it in the gas, until the gas won't
 eat anymore. You should have a sticky syrup.

 - Put it on the end of something (don't touch it!!). The unused
 stuff lasts a long time!
                                        -Jolly Roger-




 How to make a fertilizer bomb                       by Jolly Roger

 Ingredients:

 - Newspaper
 - Fertilizer (the chemical kind, GREEN THUMB or ORCHO)
 - Cotton
 - Diesel fuel

 Make a pouch out of the newspaper and put some fertilizer in it.
 Then put cotton on top. Soak the cotton with fuel. Then light and
 run like you have never ran before! This blows up 500 square feet
 so don't do it in an alley!!               -Jolly Roger-




 Tennis Ball Bombs                               by The Jolly Roger

 Ingredients:

 - Strike anywhere matches
 - A tennis ball
 - A nice sharp knife
 - Duct tape

 Break a ton of matchheads off. Then cut a SMALL hole in the tennis
 ball. Stuff all of the matchheads into the ball, until you can't
 fit any more in. Then tape over it with duct tape. Make sure it is
 real nice and tight! Then, when you see a geek walking down the
 street, give it a good throw. He will have a blast!!
                                           -Jolly Roger-



 Diskette Bombs                                  by the Jolly Roger

 You need:

  - A disk
  - Scissors
  - White or blue kitchen matches (they MUST be these colors!)
  - Clear nail polish

 - Carefully open up the diskette (3.5" disks are best for this!)

 - Remove the cotton covering from the inside.

 - Scrape a lot of match powder into a bowl (use a wooden scraper,
 metal might spark the matchpowder!)

 - After you have a lot, spread it evenly on the disk.

 - Using the nail polish, spread it over the match mixture

 - Let it dry

 - Carefully put the diskette back together and use the nail polish
 to seal it shut on the inside (where it came apart).

 - When that disk is in a drive, the drive head attempts to read
 the disk, which causes a small fire (ENOUGH HEAT TO MELT THE DISK
 DRIVE AND FUCK THE HEAD UP!!). ahahahahaha! Let the fuckhead try
 and fix THAT!!!                        -Jolly Roger-




 Unlisted Phone Numbers                          by The Jolly Roger

 There are a couple of different ways of doing this. Let's see if
 this one will help: Every city has one or more offices dedicated
 to assigning numbers to the telephone wire pairs. These offices
 are called DPAC offices and are available to service reps who are
 installing or repairing phones. To get the DPAC number, a service
 rep would call the customer service number for billing information
 in the town that the number is located in that he is trying to get
 the unlisted number of. (Got that?) The conversation would go
 something like this: "Hi, Amarillo, this is Joe from Anytown
 business office, I need the DPAC number for the south side of
 town." This info is usually passed out with no problems, so... if
 the first person you call doesn't have it, try another. REMEMBER,
 no one has ANY IDEA who the hell you are when you are talking on
 the phone, so you can be anyone you damn well please! (heheheheh!)
 When you call the DPAC number, just tell them that you need a
 listing for either the address that you have, or the name. DPAC
 DOES NOT SHOW WHETHER THE NUMBER IS LISTED OR UNLISTED!! Also, if
 you're going to make a habit of chasing numbers down, you might
 want to check into geting a criss-cross directory, which lists
 phone numbers by their addresses. It costs a couple-a-hundred bux,
 but it is well worth it if you have to chase more than one or two
 numbers down!                                -Jolly Roger-



 Fuses                            brought to you by The Jolly Roger

 You would be surprised how many files are out there that use what
 falls under the category of a "fuse." They assume that you just
 have a few lying around, or know where to get them. Well, in some
 parts of the country, fuses are extremely hard to come by... so
 this file tells you how to make your own. Both fuses presented
 here are fairly simple to make, and are fairly reliable.

 SLOW BURNING FUSE
 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ (approx. 2 inches per minute)

 Materials needed:

  - Cotton string or 3 shoelaces
  - Potassium Nitrate or Potassium Chlorate
  - Granulated sugar

 Procedure:

  - Wash the cotton string or showlaces in HOT soapy water, then
 rinse with fresh water

  - Mix the following together in a glass bowl:
    1 part potassium nitrate or potassium chlorate
    1 part granulated sugar
    2 parts hot water

  - Soak strings or shoelaces in this solution

  - Twist/braid 3 strands together and allow them to dry

  - Check the burn rate to see how long it actually takes!!

 FAST BURNING FUSE
 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ (40 inches per minute)

 Materials needed:

  -Soft cotton string
  -fine black powder (empty a few shotgun shells!)
  -shallow dish or pan

 Procedure:

  - moisten powder to form a paste

  - twist/braid 3 strands of cotton together

  - rub paste into string and allow to dry

  - Check the burn rate!!!




 How to make Potassium Nitrate                   by The Jolly Roger

 Potassium Nitrate is an ingredient in making fuses, among other
 things. Here is how you make it:

 Materials needed:

  -3.5 gallons of nitrate bearing earth or other material
  -1/2 cup of wood ashes
  -Bucket or other similar container about 4-5 gallons in volume
  -2 pieces of finely woven cloth, each a bit bigger than the
   bottom of the bucket
  -Shallow dish or pan at least as large in diameter as the bucket
  -Shallow, heat resistant container
  -2 gallons of water
  -Something to punch holes in the bottom of the bucket
  -1 gallon of any type of alcohol
  -A heat source
  -Paper & tape

 Procedure:

  - Punch holes on the inside bottom of the bucket, so that the
 metal is"puckered" outward from the bottom

  - Spread cloth over the holes from the bottom

  - Place wood ashes on the cloth. Spread it out so that it covers
 the entire cloth and has about the same thickness.

  - Place 2nd cloth on top of the wood ashes

  - Place the dirt or other material in the bucket

  - Place the bucket over the shallow container. NOTE: It may need
 support on the bottom so that the holes on the bottom are not
 blocked.

  - Boil water and pour it over the earth very slowly. Do NOT pour
 it all at once, as this will clog the filter on the bottom.

  - Allow water to run through holes into the shallow dish on the
 bottom.

  - Be sure that the water goes through ALL of the earth!

  - Allow water in dish to cool for an hour or so

  - Carefully drain the liquid in the dish away, and discard the
 sludge in the bottom

  - Boil this liquid over a fire for at least two hours. Small
 grains of salt will form - scoop these out with the paper as they
 form

  - When the liquid has boiled down to 1/2 its original volume let
 it sit

  - After 1/2 hour, add equal volume of the alcohol; when this
 mixture is poured through paper, small white crystals appear. This
 is the posassium nitrate.

 Purification:

  - Redissolve crystals in small amount of boiling water

  - Remove any crystals that appear

  - Pour through improvised filter then heat concentrated solution
 to dryness.

  - Spread out crystals and allow to dry



 Exploding lightbulbs                            by The Jolly Roger

 Materials needed:

  -lightbulb (100w)
  -socket (duh...)
  -1/4 cup soap chips
  -blackpowder! (open some shotgun shells!)
  -1/4 cup kerosene orgasoline
  -adhesive tape
  -lighter or small blowtorch
  -glue

 Procedure for a simple exploding lightbulb:
 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

  - Drill a small hole in the top of the bulb near the threads!

  - Carefully pour the blackpowder into the hole. Use enough so
 that it touches the filament!

  - Insert into socket as normal (make sure the light is off or
 else YOU will be the victim!!)

  - Get the hell out!!

 Procedure for a Napam Bulb:
 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

  - Heat kerosene/gasoline in a double boiler

  - Melt soap chips, stirring slowly.

  - Put somewhere and allow to cool

  - Heat the threads of the bulb VERY carefully to melt the glue.
 Remove threads, slowly drawing out the filament. Do NOT break the
 cheap electrical igniters and/or the filament or this won't work!!

  - Pour the liquid into the bulb, and slowly lower the filament
 back down into the bulb. Make sure the filament is dipped into the
 fluid.

  - Re-glue the threads back on. Insert it into a socket frequently
 used by the victim and get the hell out!!

 When the victim flips the switch, he will be in for a BIG surprise!

 Have fun!                              -Jolly Roger-




 Under water igniters                            by The Jolly Roger

 Materials needed:

  -Pack of 10 silicon diodes (available at Radio Shack. you will
   know you got the right ones if they are very, very small glass
   objects!)
  -Pack of matches
  -1 candle

 Procedure:

  - Light the candle and allow a pool of molten wax to form in the
 top.

  - Take a single match and hold the glass part of a single diode
 against the head. Bend the diode pins around the matchhead so that
 one wraps in an upward direction and thensticks out to the side.
 Do the same with the other wire, but in a downward direction. The
 diodes should now be hugging the matchhead, but its wires MUST NOT
 TOUCH EACH OTHER!

  - Dip the matchhead in wax to give it a water-proof coat. These
 work underwater

  - repeat to make as many as you want

 How to use them:

 When these little dudes are hooked across a 6v battery, the diode
 reaches what is called breakdown voltage. When most electrical
 components reach this voltage, they usually produce great amounts
 of heat and light, while quickly melting into a little blob. This
 heat is enough to ignite a matchhead. These are recommended for
 use underwater, where most other igniters refuse to work. ENJOY!
                                           -Jolly Roger-



 Home-brew blast cannon                          by The Jolly Roger

 Materials needed:

  -1 plastic drain pipe, 3 feet long, at least 3 1/2 inches in
   diameter
  -1 smaller plastic pipe, about 6 inches long, 2 inches in
   diameter
  -1 large lighter, with fluid refills (this gobbles it up!)
  -1 pipe cap to fit the large pipe, 1 pipe cap to fit the small
   pipe
  -5 feet of bellwire
  -1 SPST rocker switch
  -16v polaroid pot-a-pulse battery
  -15v relay (get this at Radio Shack)
  -Electrical Tape
  -One free afternoon

 Procedure:

  - Cut the bell wire into three equal pieces, and strip the ends

  - Cut a hole in the side of the large pipe, the same diameter as
 the small pipe. Thread the hole and one end of the small pipe.
 they should screw together easily.

  - Take a piece of scrap metal, and bend it into an "L" shape,
 then attach it to the level on the lighter:

  /------------------------gas switch is here
  V
  /------
 !lighter!!<---metal lever
 !!!
 !!

 Now, every time you pull the 'trigger' gas should flow freely from
 the lighter. You may need to enlarge the 'gas port' on your
 lighter, if you wish to be able to fire more rapidly.

  - Connect two wires to the two posts on the switch

  - Cut two holes in the side of the smaller tube, one for the
 switch on the bottom, and one for the metal piece on the top.
 Then, mount the switch in the bottom, running the wires up and out
 of the top.

  - Mount the lighter/trigger in the top. Now the switch should
 rock easily, and the trigger should cause the lighter to pour out
 gas. Re-screw the smaller tube into the larger one, hold down the
 trigger a bit, let it go, and throw a match in there. If all goes
 well, you should hear a nice big 'THUD!'

  - Get a hold of the relay, and take off the top.

 1---------------
 v/
  2--------------/<--- the center object is the metal finger inside
                 3                                       the relay
  cc-------------/
  oo----------------4
  ii
  ll----------------5

 Connect (1) to one of the wires coming from the switch. Connect
 (2) to (4), and connect (5) to one side of the battery. Connect
 the remaining wire from the switch to the other side of the
 battery. Now you should be able to get the relay to make a little
 'buzzing' sound when you flip the switch and you should see some
 tiny little sparks.

  - Now, carefully mount the relay on the inside of the large pipe,
 towards the back. Screw on the smaller pipe, tape the battery to
 the side of the cannon barrel (yes, but looks aren't everything!)

  - You should now be able to let a little gas into the barrel and
 set it off by flipping the switch.

  - Put the cap on the back end of the large pipe VERY SECURELY.
 You are now ready for the first trial-run!

 To Test:

 Put something very, very large into the barrel, just so that it
 fits 'just right'. Now, find a strong guy (the recoil will
 probably knock you on your ass if you aren't careful!). Put on a
 shoulderpad, earmuffs, and possibly some other protective clothing
 (trust the Jolly Roger! You are going to need it!). Hold the
 trigger down for 30 seconds, hold on tight, and hit the switch.
 With luck and the proper adjustments, you should be able to put a
 frozen orange through 1/4 or plywood at 25 feet.

 Have fun!                                  -Jolly Roger-

-- 
**************************   christopher p. dilkus
*                        *   st93lte8@dunx1.ocs.drexel.edu
*  ***  **  **  **  ***  *   http://sn225025.resnet.drexel.edu
*  **** **  **  ** ****  *   
*  ** ****  **  **** **  *   now im nothing    next motherfucker's 
*  **  ***  **  ***  **  *   - trent reznor    gonna get my metal
*                        *                     -marilyn manson    
**************************
Path: calvino.alaska.net!nwnexus!scipio.cyberstore.ca!math.ohio-state.edu!uwm.edu!msunews!netnews.upenn.edu!news.drexel.edu!sn225025.resnet.drexel.edu!use
From: st93lte8@dunx1.ocs.drexel.edu (Christopher P. Dilkus)
Newsgroups: alt.engr.explosives
Subject: post 3.4
Date: Wed, 01 Mar 1995 08:17:42 -0500
Organization: Irresponsible Actions Unltd.
Lines: 668
Message-ID: <st93lte8-0103950817420001@sn225025.resnet.drexel.edu>
NNTP-Posting-Host: sn225025.resnet.drexel.edu


 Chemical Equivalency list                       by the Jolly Roger

 Acacia..................................................Gum Arabic
 Acetic Acid................................................Vinegar
 Aluminum Oxide..............................................Alumia
 Aluminum Potassium Sulphate...................................Alum
 Aluminum Sulfate..............................................Alum
 Ammonium Carbonate.......................................Hartshorn
 Ammonium Hydroxide.........................................Ammonia
 Ammonium Nitrate........................................Salt Peter
 Ammonium Oleate.......................................Ammonia Soap
 Amylacetate............................................Bananna Oil
 Barium Sulfide...........................................Black Ash
 Carbon Carbinate.............................................Chalk
 Carbontetrachloride.................................Cleaning Fluid
 Calcium Hypochloride..............................Bleaching Powder
 Calcium Oxide.................................................Lime
 Calcium Sulfate...................................Plaster of Paris
 Carbonic Acid..............................................Seltzer
 Cetyltrimethylammoniumbromide........................Ammonium Salt
 Ethylinedichloride.....................................Dutch Fluid
 Ferric Oxide.............................................Iron Rust
 Furfuraldehyde............................................Bran Oil
 Glucose.................................................Corn Syrup
 Graphite...............................................Pencil Lead
 Hydrochloric Acid....................................Muriatic Acid
 Hydrogen Peroxide.........................................Peroxide
 Lead Acetate.........................................Sugar of Lead
 Lead Tero-oxide...........................................Red Lead
 Magnesium Silicate............................................Talc
 Magnesium Sulfate.......................................Epsom Salt
 Methylsalicylate..................................Winter Green Oil
 Naphthalene..............................................Mothballs
 Phenol...............................................Carbolic Acid
 Potassium Bicarbonate..............................Cream of Tarter
 Potassium Chromium Sulfate..............................Chromealum
 Potassium Nitrate.......................................Salt Peter
 Sodium Oxide..................................................Sand
 Sodium Bicarbonate.....................................Baking Soda
 Sodium Borate................................................Borax
 Sodium Carbonate......................................Washing Soda
 Sodium Chloride...............................................Salt
 Sodium Hydroxide...............................................Lye
 Sodium Silicate..............................................Glass
 Sodium Sulfate......................................Glauber's Salt
 Sodium Thiosulfate.............................Photographer's Hypo
 Sulfuric Acid.........................................Battery Acid
 Sucrose.................................................Cane Sugar
 Zinc Chloride.......................................Tinner's Fluid
 Zinc Sulfate.........................................White Vitriol




 Phone Taps                                      by The Jolly Roger

 Here is some info on phone taps. In this file is a schematic for a
 simple wiretap & instructions for hooking up a small tape recorder
 control relay to the phone line.

 First, I will discuss taps a little. There are many different
 types of taps. there are transmitters, wired taps, and induction
 taps to name a few. Wired and wireless transmitters must be
 physically connected to the line before they will do any good.
 Once a wireless tap is connected to the line,it can transmit all
 conversations over a limited reception range. The phones in the
 house can even be modifies to pick up conversations in the room
 and transmit them too! These taps are usually powered off of the
 phone line, but can have an external power source. You can get more
 information on these taps by getting an issue of Popular
 Communications and reading through the ads. Wired taps, on the
 other hand, need no power source, but a wire must be run from the
 line to the listener or to a transmitter. There are obvious
 advantages of wireless taps over wired ones. There is one type of
 wireless tap that looks like a normal telephone mike. All you have
 to do is replace the original mike with thisand itwill transmit
 all conversations! There is also an exotic type of wired tap known
 as the 'Infinity Transmitter' or 'Harmonica Bug'. In order to hook
 one of these, it must be installed inside the phone. When someone
 calls the tapped phone & *before* it rings,blows a whistle over
 TWX machines. These run at 110 baud (last I checked! They are most
 likely faster now!). Besides the TWX #'s, these machines are
 routed to normal telephone #'s. TWX machines always respond with
 an answerback. For example, WU's FYI TWX # is (910) 279-5956. The
 answerback for this service is "WU FYI MAWA".

 If you don't want to but a TWX machine, you can still send TWX
 messages using Easylink [800/325-4112]. However you are gonna have
 to hack your way onto this one!

 700:

 700 is currently used by AT&T as a call forwarding service. It is
 targeted towards salesmen on the run. To understand how this
 works, I'll explain it with an example. Let's say Joe Q. Salespig
 works for AT&T security and he is on the run chasing a phreak
 around the country who royally screwed up an important COSMOS
 system. Let's say that Joe's 700 # is (700) 382-5968. Everytime
 Joe goes to a new hotel (or most likely SLEAZY MOTEL), he dials a
 special 700 #, enters a code, and the number where he is staying.
 Now, if his boss received some important info, all he would do is
 dial (700) 382-5968 and it would ring wherever Joe last progammed
 it to. Neat, huh?

 800:

 This SAC is one of my favourites since it allows for toll free
 calls. INWARD WATS (INWATS), or Inward Wide Area
 Telecommunications Service is the 800 #'s that we are all familiar
 with. 800 #'s are set up in service areas or bands. There are 6 of
 these. Band 6 is the largest and you can call a band 6 # from
 anywhere in the US except the state where the call is terminated
 (that is why most companies have one 800 number for the countery
 and then another one for their state.) Band 5 includes the 48
 contiguous states. All the way down to band 1 which includes only
 the states contiguous to that one. Therefore, less people can
 reach a band 1 INWATS # than a band 6 #.

 Intrastate INWATS #'s (ie, you can call it from only 1 state)
 always have a 2 as the last digit in the exchange (ie, 800-NX2-
 XXXX). The NXX on 800 #'s represent the area where the business is
 located. For example, a # beginning with 800-431 would terminate
 at a NY CO.

 800 #'s always end up in a hunt series in a CO. This means that it
 tries the first # allocated to the company for their 800 lines; if
 this is busy, it will try the next #, etc. You must have a minimum
 of 2 lines for each 800 #. For example, Travelnet uses a hunt
 series. If you dial (800) 521-8400, it will first try the #
 associated with 8400; if it is busy it will go to the next
 available port, etc. INWATS customers are billed by the number of
 hours of calls made to their #.

 OUTWATS (OUTWARD WATS): OUTWATS are for making outgoing calls
 to having to deal with. Here are his/her responsibilities:

 1) Obtaning billing information for calling card or third number
 calls

 2) Identifying called customer on person-to-person calls.

 3) Obtaining acceptance of charges on collect calls.

 4) Identifying calling numbers. This only happens when the calling
 # is not automatically recorded by CAMA (Centralized Automatic
 Message Accounting) & forwarded from the local office. This could
 be caused by equipment failures (ANIF- Automatic Number
 Identification Failure) or if the office is not equipped for CAMA
 (ONI- Operator Number Identification).

 <I once has an equipment failure happen to me & the TSPS operator
 came on and said, "What # are you calling FROM?" Out of curiosity,
 I gave her the number to my CO, she thanked me & then I was
 connected to a conversation that appeared to be between a frameman
 & his wife. Then it started ringing the party I wanted to
 originally call & everyone phreaked out (excuse the pun). I
 immediately dropped this dual line conference!

 You should not mess with the TSPS operator since she KNOWS which
 number that you are calling from. Your number will show up on a
 10-digit LED read-out (ANI board). She also knows whether or not
 you are at a fortress phone & she can trace calls quite readily!
 Out of all of the operators, she is one of the MOST DANGEROUS.

 INWARD operator:

 This operator assists your local TSPS ("0") operatorin connecting
 calls. She will never question a call as long as the call is
 withing HER SERVICE AREA. She can only be reached via other
 operators or by a blue box. From a blue box, you would dial
 KP+NPA+121+ST for the INWARD operator that will help you connect
 any calls within that NPA only. (Blue Boxing will be discussed in
 a future file).

 DIRECTORY ASSISTANCE Operator:

 This is the operator that you are connected to when you dial: 411
 or NPA-555-1212. She does not readily know where you are calling
 from. She does not have access to unlisted numbers, but she DOES
 know if an unlisted # exists for a certain listing.

 There is also a directory assistance operator for deaf people who
 use teletypewriters. If your modem can transfer BAUDOT [(45.5
 baud). One modem that I know of that will do this is the Apple Cat
 acoustic or the Atari 830 acoustic modem. Yea I know they are hard
 to find... but if you wanna do this.. look around!) then you can
 call him/her up and have an interesting conversation. The # is:
 800-855-1155. They use the standard Telex abbreviations such as GA
 for go ahead. they tend to be nicer and will talk longer than your
 regular operators. Also, they are more vulnerable into being
 talked out of information through the process of "social
 engineering" as Chesire Catalyst would put it.

 <Unfortunately, they do not have access to much. I once
 bullshitted with one of these operators a while back and I found
 out that there are 2 such DA offices that handle TTY. One is in
 Philadelphia and the other is in California. They have approx. 7
 operators each. most of the TTY operators think that their job is
 boring (based on an official "BIOC poll"). They also feel that
 they are under-paid. They actually call up a regular DA # to
 process your request (sorry, no fancy computers!)

 Other operators have access to their own DA by dialing
 KP+NPA+131+ST (MF).

 CN/A operators:

 CN/A Operators are operators that do exactly the opposite of what
 directory assistance operators are for. In my experience, these
 operators know more than the DA op's do & they are more
 susceptable to "social engeneering." It is possible to bullshit a
 CN/A operator for the NON-PUB DA # (ie, you give them the name &
 they give you the unlisted number. See the article on unlisted
 numbers in this cookbook for more info about them.). This is due
Path: calvino.alaska.net!nwnexus!scipio.cyberstore.ca!math.ohio-state.edu!uwm.edu!msunews!netnews.upenn.edu!news.drexel.edu!sn225025.resnet.drexel.edu!use
From: st93lte8@dunx1.ocs.drexel.edu (Christopher P. Dilkus)
Newsgroups: alt.engr.explosives
Subject: post 3.5
Date: Wed, 01 Mar 1995 08:18:49 -0500
Organization: Irresponsible Actions Unltd.
Lines: 438
Message-ID: <st93lte8-0103950818490001@sn225025.resnet.drexel.edu>
NNTP-Posting-Host: sn225025.resnet.drexel.edu




 Basic Alliance Teleconferencing                 Courtesy of the Jolly Roger

 Introduction:
 ------------
 This phile will deal with accessing, understanding and using the Alliance
 Teleconferencing Systems.... it has many sections and for best use should
 be printed out...enjoy...

 Alliance:
 --------
 Alliance Teleconferencing is an independant company which allows the general
 public to access and use it's conferencing equipment.  Many rumors have
 been floating apound that Alliance is a subsidary of AT&T.
 Well, they are wrong.  As stated above, Alliance is an entirely independant
 company.  They use sophisticated equipment to allow users to talk to many
 people at once.

 The Number:
 ---------
 Alliance is in the 700 exchange, thus it is not localized, well, not
 in a way.  Alliance is only in certain states, and only
 residents of these certain states can access by dialing direct.  This,
 however, will be discussed in a later chapter.  The numbers for alliance are
 as follows:
      0-700-456-1000 (chicago)
               -1001 (los angeles)
               -1002 (chicago)
               -1003 (houston)
               -2000 (?)
               -2001 (?)
               -2002 (?)
               -2003 (?)
               -3000 (?)
               -3001 (?)
               -3002 (?)
               -3003 (?)

 The locations of the first 4 numbers are known and i have stated them.
 However, the numbers in the 200x and 300x are not definately known.
 Rumor has it that the pattern repeats itself but this has not been proven.

 Dialing:
 -------
 As stated before, Alliance is only in certain stated and only these states
 can access them via dialing direct.  However, dialing direct causes your
 residence to be charged for the conference and conference bills are not low!!!
 Therefore, many ways have been discovered to start a conference without
 having it billed to ones house.  They are as follows:

      1) Dialing through a PBX
      2) Incorporating a Blue Box
      3) Billing to a loop
      4) Billing to a forwarded call

 I am sure there are many more but these are the four i will deal with.

 Dialing through a PBX:
Path: calvino.alaska.net!nwnexus!scipio.cyberstore.ca!math.ohio-state.edu!uwm.edu!msunews!netnews.upenn.edu!news.drexel.edu!sn225025.resnet.drexel.edu!use
From: st93lte8@dunx1.ocs.drexel.edu (Christopher P. Dilkus)
Newsgroups: alt.engr.explosives
Subject: post 3.6
Date: Wed, 01 Mar 1995 08:20:10 -0500
Organization: Irresponsible Actions Unltd.
Lines: 565
Message-ID: <st93lte8-0103950820100001@sn225025.resnet.drexel.edu>
NNTP-Posting-Host: sn225025.resnet.drexel.edu


 Phone Systems Tutorial III                      by The Jolly Roger

 PREFACE:

 THIS ARTICLE WILL FOCUS PRIMARILY ON THE STANDARD WESTERN ELECTRIC SINGLE-
 SLOT COIN TELEPHONE (AKA FORTRESS FONE) WHICH CAN BE DIVIDED INTO 3 TYPES:
 - DIAL-TONE FIRST (DTF)
 - COIN-FIRST (CF):  (IE, IT WANTS YOUR $ BEFORE YOU RECEIVE A DIAL TONE)
 - DIAL POST-PAY SERVICE (PP):  YOU PAYAFTER THE PARTY ANSWERS

 DEPOSITING COINS (SLUGS):
 -------------------------
 ONCE YOU HAVE DEPOSITED YOUR SLUG INTO A FORTRESS, IT IS SUBJECTED TO A
 GAMUT OF TESTS. THE FIRST OBSTACAL FOR A SLUG IS THE
 MAGNETIC TRAP.  THIS WILL STOP ANY LIGHT-WEIGHT MAGNETIC SLUGS AND COINS.
 IF IT PASSES THIS, THE SLUG IS THEN CLASSIFIED AS A NICKEL, DIME, OR
 QUARTER.  EACH SLUG IS THEN CHECKED FOR APPROPRIATE SIZE AND WEIGHT.  IF THESE
 TESTS ARE PASSED, IT WILL THEN TRAVEL THROUGH A NICKEL, DIME, OR QUARTER
 MAGNET AS APPROPRIATE.  THESE MAGNETS SET UP AN EDDY CURRENT EFFECT WHICH
 CAUSES COINS OF THE APPROPRIATE CHARACTERISTICS TO SLOW DOWN SO THEY
 WILL FOLLOW THE CORRECT TRAJECTORY.  IF ALL GOES WELL, THE COIN WILL FOLLOW THE
 CORRECT PATH (SUCH AS BOUNCING OFF OF THE NICKEL ANVIL) WHERE IT WILL
 HOPEFULLY FALL INTO THE NARROW ACCEPTED COIN CHANNEL.
 THE RATHER ELABORATE TESTS THAT ARE PERFORMED AS THE COIN TRAVELS DOWN THE
 COIN CHUTE WILL STOP MOST SLUGS AND OTHER UNDESIRABLE COINS, SUCH AS
 PENNIES, WHICH MUST THEN BE RETRIEVED USING THE COIN RELEASE LEVER.
 IF THE SLUG MIRACULOUSLY SURVIVES THE GAMUT, IT WILL THEN STRIKE THE
 APPROPRIATE TOTALIZER ARM CAUSING A RATCHET WHEEL TO ROTATE ONCE FOR EVERY
 5-CENT INCREMENT (EG, A QUARTER WILL CAUSE IT TO ROTATE 5 TIMES).
 THE TOTALIZER THEN CAUSES THE COIN SIGNAL OSCILLATOR TO READOUT A DUAL-
 FREQUENCY SIGNAL INDICATING THE VALUE DEPOSITED TO ACTS (A COMPUTER) OR THE
 TSPS OPERATOR. THESE ARE THE SAME TONES USED BY PHREAKS IN THE INFAMOUS RED
 BOXES. FOR A QUARTER, 5 BEEP TONES ARE
 OUTPULSED AT 12-17 PULSES PER SECOND (PPS).  A DIME CAUSES 2 BEEP TONES AT
 5 - 8.5 PPS WHILE A NICKEL CAUSES ONE BEEP TONE AT 5 - 8.5 PPS.  A BEEP
 CONSISTS OF 2 TONES:  2200 + 1700 HZ. A RELAY IN THE FORTRESS CALLED THE "B
 RELAY" (YES, THERE IS ALSO AN 'A RELAY') PLACES A CAPACITOR ACROSS THE
 SPEECH CIRCUIT DURING TOTALIZER READOUT TO PREVENT THE "CUSTOMER" FROM
 HEARING THE RED BOX TONES. IN OLDER 3 SLOT PHONES:  ONE BELL
 (1050-1100 HZ) FOR A NICKEL, TWO BELLS FOR A DIME, AND ONE GONG (800 HZ) FOR A
 QUARTER ARE USED INSTEAD OF THE MODERN DUAL-FREQUENCY TONES.

 =============
 =TSPS & ACTS=
 =============

 WHILE FORTRESSES ARE CONNECTED TO THE CO OF THE AREA, ALL TRANSACTIONS ARE
 HANDLED VIA THE TRAFFIC SERVICE POSITION SYSTEM (TSPS).  IN AREAS THAT
 DO NOT HAVE ACTS, ALL CALLS THAT REQUIRE OPERATOR ASSISTANCE, SUCH AS
 CALLING CARD AND COLLECT, ARE AUTOMATICALLY ROUTED TO A TSPS OPERATOR
 POSITION. IN AN EFFORT TO AUTOMATE FORTRESS
 SERVICE, A COMPUTER SYSTEM KNOWN AS AUTOMATED COIN TOLL SERVICE (ACTS) HAS
 BEEN IMPLEMENTED IN MANY AREAS.  ACTS LISTENS TO THE RED BOX SIGNALS FROM THE
 FONES AND TAKES APPROPRIATE ACTION.  IT IS ACTS WHICH SAYS, "TWO DOLLARS PLEASE
 (PAUSE) PLEASE DEPOSIT TWO DOLLARS FOR THE NEXT TEN SECONDS" (AND OTHER
 VARIATIONS). ALSO, IF YOU TALK FOR MORE THAN THREE MINUTES AND THEN HANG-UP,
 ACTS WILL CALL BACK AND DEMAND YOUR MONEY.  ACTS IS ALSO RESPONSIBLE FOR
 AUTOMATED CALLING CARD SERVICE. ACTS ALSO PROVIDE TROUBLE DIAGNOSIS FOR
 CRAFTSPEOPLE (REPAIRMEN SPECIALIZING IN FORTRESSES).  FOR EXAMPLE, THERE IS A
 COIN TEST WHICH IS GREAT FOR TUNING UP RED BOXES.  IN MANY AREAS THIS TEST CAN
 BE ACTIVATED BY DIALING 09591230 AT A FORTRESS (THANKS TO KARL MARX FOR THIS
 INFORMATION).  ONCE ACTIVATED IT WILL REQUEST THAT YOU DEPOSIT VARIOUS COINS.
 IT WILL THEN IDENTIFY THE COIN AND OUTPULSE THE APPROPRIATE RED BOX
 SIGNAL.  THE COINS ARE USUALLY RETURNED WHEN YOU HANG UP.
 TO MAKE SURE THAT THERE IS ACTUALLY MONEY IN THE FONE, THE CO INITIATES A
 "GROUND TEST" AT VARIOUS TIMES TO DETERMINE IF A COIN IS ACTUALLY IN THE
 FONE.  THIS IS WHY YOU MUST DEPOSIT AT LEAST A NICKEL IN ORDER TO USE A RED
 BOX!

 GREEN BOXES:
 ------------

 PAYING THE INITIAL RATE IN ORDER TO USE A RED BOX (ON CERTAIN FORTRESSES)
 LEFT A SOUR TASTE IN MANY RED BOXER'S MOUTHS THUS THE GREEN BOX WAS INVENTED.
 THE GREEN BOX GENERATES USEFUL TONES SUCH AS COIN COLLECT, COIN RETURN, AND
 RINGBACK.  THESE ARE THE TONES THAT ACTS OR THE TSPS OPERATOR WOULD SEND TO
 THE CO WHEN APPROPRIATE. UNFORTUNATELY, THE GREEN BOX CANNOT BE USED AT A
 FORTRESS STATION BUT IT MUST BE USED BY THE CALLED PARTY.

 HERE ARE THE TONES:
      COIN COLLECT       700 + 1100 HZ
      COIN RETURN       1100 + 1700 HZ
      RINGBACK           700 + 1700 HZ
 BEFORE THE CALLED PARTY SENDS ANY OF THESE TONES, AN OPERATOR RELEASED
 SIGNAL SHOULD BE SENT TO ALERT THE MF DETECTORS AT THE CO.  THIS CAN BE
 ACCOMPLISHED BY SENDING 900 + 1500 HZ OR A SINGLE 2600 HZ WINK (90 MS)
 BACK AXLES BEING LOST TRYING TO TAKE DOWN A FONE!  A QUICK AND DIRTY WAY TO
 OPEN THE COIN BOX IS BY USING A SHOTGUN.  IN DETROIT, AFTER ECOLOGISTS
 CLEANED OUT A MUNICIPAL POND, THEY FOUND 168 COIN PHONE RIFLED.
 IN COLDER AREAS, SUCH AS CANADA, SOME SHREWD PEOPLE TAPE UP THE FONES USING
 DUCT TAPE, POUR IN WATER, AND COME BACK THE NEXT DAY WHEN THE WATER WILL HAVE
 FROZE THUS EXPANDING AND CRACKING THE FONE OPEN.
 IN ONE CASE, "UNAUTHORIZED COIN COLLECTORS" WHERE CAUGHT WHEN THEY
 BROUGHT $6,000 IN CHANGE TO A BANK AND THE BANK BECAME SUSPICIOUS...
 AT ANY RATE, THE MAIN LOCK IS AN EIGHT LEVEL TUMBLER LOCATED ON THE RIGHT SIDE
 OF THE COIN BOX.  THIS LOCK HAS 390,625 POSSIBLE POSITIONS (5 ^ 8, SINCE THERE
 ARE 8 TUMBLERS EACH WITH 5 POSSIBLE POSITIONS) THUS IT IS HIGHLY PICK
 RESISTANT!  THE LOCK IS HELD IN PLACE BY 4 SCREWS.  IF THERE IS SUFFICIENT
 CLEARANCE TO THE RIGHT OF THE FONE, IT IS CONCEIVABLE TO PUNCH OUT THE SCREWS
 USING THE DRILLING PATTERN BELOW (PROVIDED BY ALEXANDER MUNDY IN TAP #32):

 ====================================
                        !!        ^
                        !!        !
            ! 1- 3/16 " !!        !
            !<---   --->!!      1-1/2"
        --------------------      !
        !   !           !! !      !
        !  (+)         (+)-! -----------
     ---!               !! !      ^
     !  !               !! ! !
     !  !        (Z)    !! !      !
     !  !               !! !   2-3/16"
     ---!               !! !      !
        !  (+)         (+) !      !
        !               !! !      !
        -------------------- -----------
                        !!
                        !!
         (Z) KEYHOLE   (+) SCREWS
                        !!
 ===================================

 AFTER THIS IS ACCOMPLISHED, THE LOCK CAN BE PUSHED BACKWARDS DISENGAGING
 THE LOCK FROM THE COVER PLATE.  THE FOUR BOLTS OF THE COVER PLATE CAN THEN
 BE RETRACTED BY TURNING THE BOLTWORKS WITH A SIMPLE KEY IN THE SHAPE OF THE
 HOLE ON THE COIN PLATE (SEE DIAGRAM BELOW).  OF COURSE, THERE ARE OTHER
 METHODS AND DRILLING PATTERNS.

 :-------------------------------------:
                    _
                   ! !
                   ( )
                   !_!
                [ROUGHLY]
     DIAGRAM OF COVER PLATE KEYHOLE
 :-------------------------------------:

 THE TOP COVER USES A SIMILAR (BUT NOT AS STRONG) LOCKING METHOD WITH THE
 KEYHOLE DEPICTED ABOVE ON THE TOP LEFT HIDE AND A REGULAR LOCK (PROBABLY
 TUMBLER ALSO) ON THE TOP RIGHT-HAND SIDE. IT IS INTERESTING TO EXPERIMENT
 WITH THE COIN SHUTE AND THE FORTRESSES OWN "RED BOX" (WHICH BELL DIDN'T HAVE
 THE 'BALLS' TO COLOR RED).

 MISCELLANEOUS:
 --------------

 IN A FEW AREAS (RURAL & CANADA), POST-PAY SERVICE EXISTS.  WITH THIS TYPE OF
 SERVICE, THE MOUTHPIECE IS CUT OFF UNTIL THE CALLER DEPOSITS MONEY WHEN
 THE CALLED PARTY ANSWERS.  THIS ALSO ALLOWS FOR FREE CALLS TO WEATHER AND
 OTHER DIAL-IT SERVICES!  RECENTLY, 2600 MAGAZINE ANNOUNCED THE CLEAR BOX WHICH
 CONSISTS OF A TELEPHONE PICKUP COIL AND A SMALL AMP.  IT IS BASED ON THEo
 RINCIPAL THAT THE RECEIVER IS ALSO A WEAK TRANSMITTER AND THAT BY AMPLIFYING
 YOUR SIGNAL YOU CAN TALK VIA THE TRANSMITTER THUS AVOIDING COSTLY
 TELEPHONE CHARGES! MOST FORTRESSES ARE FOUND IN THE 9XXX
 AREA.  UNDER FORMER BELL AREAS, THEY USUALLY START AT 98XX (RIGHT BELOW THE
 99XX OFFICIAL SERIES) AND MOVE DOWNWARD.
 SINCE THE LINE, NOT THE FONE, DETERMINES WHETHER OR NOT A DEPOSIT
 MUST BE MADE, DTF & CHARGE-A-CALL FONES MAKE GREAT EXTENSIONS!
 FINALLY, FORTRESS FONES ALLOW FOR A NEW HOBBY--INSTRUCTION PLATE COLLECTING.
 ALL THAT IS REQUIRED IS A FLAT-HEAD SCREWDRIVER AND A PAIR OF NEEDLE-NOSE
 PLIERS.  SIMPLY USE THE SCREWDRIVER TO LIFT UNDERNEATH THE PLATE SO THAT YOU
 CAN GRAB IT WITH THE PLIERS AND YANK DOWNWARDS. I WOULD SUGGEST COVERING THE
 TIPS OF THE PLIERS WITH ELECTRICAL TAPE TO PREVENT SCRATCHING.  TEN CENT PLATES
 ARE DEFINITELY BECOMING A "RARITY!"

 FORTRESS SECURITY:
 ------------------

 WHILE A LONELY FORTRESS MAY SEEM THE PERFECT TARGET, BEWARE!  THE GESTAPO
 HAS BEEN KNOWN TO STAKE OUT FORTRESSES FOR AS LONG AS 6 YEARS ACCORDING TO THE
 GRASS ROOTS QUARTERLY.  TO AVOID ANY PROBLEMS, DO NOT USE THE SAME FONES
 REPEATEDLY FOR BOXING, CALLING CARDS, & OTHER EXPERIMENTS.  THE TELCO KNOWS HOW
 MUCH MONEY SHOULD BE IN THE COIN BOX AND WHEN ITS NOT THERE THEY TEND TO GET
 PERTURBED (READ:  PISSED OFF).

 -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

                                           --------Jolly Roger

 p.s. This was originally written back in my old Apple ][ days,
 hence the upper case. I just did not think I should waste the
 little time I have to work on this shit converting it to lower-
 case. Hell, I thought 80-columns was pretty nice of me.. heh heh.
 Well, enjoy this and the rest of this Cookbook! ---------JR





Black Box Plans                                 by The Jolly Roger

 Introduction:
 ------------
 At any given time, the voltage running through your phone is about 20
 Volts. When someone calls you, this voltage goes up to 48 Volts and rings
 the bell. When you answer, the voltage goes down to about 10 Volts.
 The phone company pays attention to this. When the voltage drops to 10,
 they start billing the person who called you.

 Function:
 --------
 The Black Box keeps the voltage going through your phone at 36 Volts,
 so that it never reaches 10 Volts. The phone company is thus fooled
 into thinking you never answered the phone and does not bill the caller.
 However, after about a half hour the phone company will get suspicious
 and disconnect your line for about 10 seconds.

 Materials:
 ---------
 1 1.8K 1/2 Watt Resistor
 1 1.5V LED
 1 SPST Switch

 Procedure:
 ---------
 (1) Open your phone by loosening the two screws on the bottom and
 lifting the case off.
 (2) There should be three wires: Red, Green, and Yellow. We'll be working
 with the Red Wire.
 (3) Connect the following in parallel:
      A. The Resistor and LED.
      B. The SPST Switch.
 In other words, you should end up with this:
               (Red Wire)
            !---/\/\/\--O--!
 (Line)-----!              !-----(Phone)
            !-----_/_------!
           /\/\/\ = Resistor
           O      = LED
           _/_    = SPST

 Use:
 ---
 The SPST Switch is the On/Off Switch of the Black Box. When the box is off,
 your phone behaves normally. When the box is on and your phone rings,
 the LED flashes. When you answer, the LED stays on and the voltage
 is kept at 36V, so the calling party doesn't get charged. When the box
 is on, you will not get a dial tone and thus cannot make calls.
 Also remember that calls are limited to half an hour.

                                       ------------Jolly Roger

 p.s. Due to new Fone Company switching systems & the like, this
 may or may not work in your area. If you live in bumfuck Kentucky,
 then try this out. I make no guarantees! (I never do...) ----JR


 The Infamous Blotto Box!!                       by The Jolly Roger

         (I bet that NOONE has the balls to build this one!)

 Finally, it is here! What was first conceived as a joke to fool the innocent
 phreakers around America has finally been conceived!
 Well, for you people who are unenlightened about the Blotto Box,
 here is a brief summery of a legend.

 --*-=> The Blotto Box <=-*--

 For years now every pirate has dreamed of the Blotto Box. It was at first
 made as a joke to mock more ignorant people into thinking that
 the function of it actually was possible. Well, if you are The Voltage
 Master, it is possible. Originally conceived by King Blotto of much fame,
 the Blotto Box is finally available to the public.
 NOTE: Jolly Roger can not be responsible for the information disclosed
 in the file! This file is strictly for informational purposes and
 should not be actually built and used! Usage of this electronical impulse
 area code, because all of that energy is spreading through all of the
 phone lines around you in every direction.

 Have a nice day!

 --*-=>The Blotto Box: Aftermath<=-*--
 Well, that is the plans for the most devastating and ultimately deadly
 box ever created. My hat goes off to: King Blotto (for the original idea).

                                           ---------Jolly Roger



 Blowgun                                         by The Jolly Roger

 In this article I shall attempt to explain the use and manufacture
 of a powerfull blow-gun and making darts for the gun.The possesion of
 the blow gun described in this article IS a felony.
 So be carefull where you use it. I don't want to get you all busted.

 Needed:

 1. Several strands of yarn (About 2 inches a-piece)
 2. A regular pencil
 3. A 2 1/4 inch long needle (hopefully with a beaded head. If not
    obtainable,wrap tape around end of needle.
 4. 2-3 1/4 foot pipe. (PVC or Aluminum) Half a inch in diameter

 Constructing the dart:

 1st- Carefully twist and pull the metal part (Along with eraser)
 of the pencil till it comes off.
 2nd- Take Pin and start putting about 5-7 Strands of yarn on the pin. Then
 push them up to the top of the pin. But not over the head of the pin (orthe
tape).
 3rd- Push pin through the hollow part of the head where the pencil was before.
 4th- That should for a nice looking dart. (see illustration)

      #####
 >>>>>-----/    #  is the yarn
                >  is the head of the pencil
                -  is the pin it-self
                /  is the head of the pin

 Using the Darts:

 1st- Now take the finished dart and insert it in the tube
 (if it is too small put on more yarn.)
 2nd- Aim the tube at a door, wall, sister, ect.
 3rd- blow on the end of the pipe.
 4th- Sometimes the end of the pipe may be sharp. When this happens I
 suggest you wrap it with some black electrician tape.It should feel
 a lot better.
                                 -------Jolly Roger


 Brown Box Plans                                 by The Jolly Roger

 This is a fairly simple mod that can be made to any phone. All it does
 is allow you to take any two lines in your house and create a party
 line. So far I have not heard of anyone who has any problems
 with it. There is one thing that you will notice when you are
 one of the two people who is called by a person with a brown box. The other
 person will sound a little bit faint. I could overcome this with some
 amplifiers but then there wouldn't be very many of these made [Why not?].
 I think the convenience of having two people on the line at once will
 make up for any minor volume loss.

 Here is the diagram:
 This one is effective, and any fool can do it.  Remove the top
 air filter. That's it!  Or a oldie but goodie: sugar in the gas tank.
 Stuff rags soaked in gas up the exhaust pipe.  Then you wonder why
 your "friend" has trouble with his/her lungs.  Here's one that takes
 time and many friends.  Take his/her car then break into their house
 and reassemble it, in their living or bedroom.  Phun eh?  If you're
 into engines, say eeni mine moe and point to something and remove it.
 They wonder why something doesn't work. There are so many others, but
 the real good juicy ones come by thinking hard.

                                     -----------Jolly Roger


 Ripping off Change Machines                     by the Jolly Roger

 Have you ever seen one of those really big changer machines in airports
 laundrymats or arcades that dispense change when you put in your 1 or 5
 dollar bill?  Well then, here is an article for you.

 1)  Find the type of change machine that you slide in your bill length
 wise, not the type where you put the bill in a tray and then slide the
 tray in!!!
 2)  After finding the right machine, get a $1 or $5 bill.  Start crumpling
 up into a ball.  Then smooth out the bill, now it should have a very wrinkly
 surface.
 3) Now the hard part.  You must tear a notch in the bill on the
 left side about 1/2 inch below the little 1 dollar symbol (See Figure).
 4) If you have done all of this right then take the bill and go out the
 machine.  Put the bill in the machine and wait.  What should happen is:
 when you put your bill in the machine it thinks everything is fine.
 When it gets to the part of the bill with the notch cut out, the
 machine will reject the bill and (if you have done it right)
 give you the change at the same time!!! So, you end up getting your bill
 back, plus the change!!  It might take a little practice, but once
 you get the hang of it, you can get a lot of money!
                   !--------------------------------!
                   !                                !
                   ! (1)         /-------\      (1) !
                   !             !       !          !
                   !             !  Pic. !          !
                   ! (1)  /\     \-------/      (1) !
                   !      !!                        !
                   !-----/  \-----------------------!
                           \-------Make notch here. About 1/2 " down from (1)

 P.S. Sorry for the "text work" but you should be able to get the
 idea. Have fun!!! -----------------------Jolly Roger

-- 
**************************   christopher p. dilkus
*                        *   st93lte8@dunx1.ocs.drexel.edu
