                   +-------------------------------------+
                   !         HOW TO MAKE M-80'S          !
                   +-------------------------------------+

 
   This file deals with how to make M-80's or similair type small explos-
ive charges that make LOUD noises.
 
   The hardest part with making M-80's is the powder.  The kind of powder that
you want is the silver type used in firecrackers.  It is made of Potassium
Perchlorate KCIO , Aluminium & Sulfur.                
                  
You can take apart firecrackers...or, you can make it out of the above ingre-
dients.  Get each of these in as fine of powder as you can.  Obtain a postage
or any small scale and mix them BY WEIGHT in the folloing ratios.
 
1 pt.  - Powdered sulfur
1 pt.  - Powdered Aluminium
2 pts. - Potassium Perchlorate KCIO
                                   
DO NOT use potassium chlorate, it will explode violently when mixed with 
sulfur.
 
Stir the powder well with a piece of wood in a plastic bowl.
 
 
   Next, you will need something to contain the powder in.  Get some thick
cardboard tubing with a diameter of 1/2 to 3/4"  You can find tubing anywhere.
I have found a gold mine where I work, I just grab the Cardboard tubes regis-
ter receipt tape is wrapped around.  The thicker the sides of the tube are,
the better.  The actual M-80 I have. (Not Home Made) is 1 1/2" long and has
a diameter of 1/2".
 
   Third, you will need fuse, where I live, a sporting goods store sells it
under the name to cannon fuse for 15 cents a foot, but it really should be
Waterproof fuse.  You can pull it out of any number of fireworks.
 
   If you have gotten all that, now you need end-plugs.  I personally use one
of those hot melt glue guns.  Works great.  You can use Elmers Glue-All but
it takes a long time to dry.  Or, you can get a piece of wood dowel that 
telescopes into your tube, cut 1/4" thick discs and smear Elmer's on them
 
To Assemble:
 
   Put in one endplug, with whatever method you are using, let it dry,
harden or whatever it has to do. Drill your fuse hole in the center of the 
tube.  Put in the fuse and pour the powder in.  Put in the other endplug.
Glue or whatever and Viola, a M-80.  Don't worry about pouring hot glue on
the powder mixture, it won't ignite.
 
   I have never had a homemade M-80 I wasn't proud of. The powder mixture 
detailed above has some astonishing capabillity.  Use the above well, and
try not to hurt yourself (or anyone else.)  unless you hate them that is...