________________Mini-Granades by The Freshman___________
My favorite method of destruction is about the easiest charge to make.
All you need is some gun powder and a CO2 cartridge.
The cartridge is the same as used by BB-guns.
For a better boom I recomend using a cartridge from one of those seltzer bottles
or a "Whipp-it",  because they are a little smaller and stronger so
they'll build up a little more pressure before rupturing.
For the gun powder you'll want the quickest burning stuff that you can get...
I suggest using a black powder or a synthetic equivalant,  as a lot of stores
refuse to carry the real stuff anymore.  No matter what you get just
MAKE SURE IT'S NOT FLAKES!!!!  The reason for this is that they are a
real bitch to pack. Now that you have obtained the materials,  let's get started.
1) Take a used cartridge and enlarge the pin hole on top until it's between 1/16
   and 1/8 inch in diameter.  If the cartridge hasn't been used yet then place
   it in a vice (small side up of course) and use a hammer and nail to puncture
   the top.
2) Now to add the powder.  Fold a piece of paper in half pour a small pile of
   powder in the crease.  Now use the paper to pour the powder into the cartridge.
   Be sure to have something below to catch spilled powder.
3) Once you have filled the cartridge with powder,  take a match stick (without
   the tip) or some other NON-METAL object to use as a packing rod,  and pack
   the powder down tightly.
4) Repeat steps 3 and 4 until you can only stick the packing rod in about 1/8
   inch.
5) Take a piece of fuse (don't be stingy) and stuck it into the hole and
   crimp the end to hold the fuse in place.
6) If your fuse is water-proof then you might want to seal the hole up with a
   hot glue gun.

 You now have an explosive charge that is more powerful than any fire cracker on
 the market and it will also shoot chunks of metal at high rates of speed.

   A COUPLE OF USES
   If you're really out for revenge on someone then take one of these handy
   little buggers and duct tape it to their windshield.  This will blow a hole
   in the windshield aprox. 3 inches in dianeter and leave the rest of the
   windshield in tack.

   My favorite use is to fill an empty wine bottle with water and then drop a
   bomb in and take shelter.  There will be so much debris flying around that
   any body in the area would get totally ripped to pieces.  One time when I
   did this, there was glass stuck into the wall of a building 20 feet away.

   If you want a couple of minuts to get away, as not to be held responsible,
   then you may want to put the fuse through a cigarette right after the filter.
   It will take aprox. 5 minutes for the cigarette to burn down and light the
   fuse.

   IMPACT DETONATION
   Instead of a fushard object, it will shoot sparks and detonate the powder.
   I recomend taping this to the end of an arrow and shoot it,  or onto a 3 or 4
   foot stick and throwing it javalin style from a window or other protected
   area.

   I DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY FROM ANY DAMAGES OR INJURY OF ANY TYPE THAT MAY BE
   ENCOUNTERED FROM THE USE OF SAID INFORMATION. THIS IS DANGEROUS AND NOT FOR
   CHILDREN.  USE AT YOUR OWN RISK.
