Title:   MacReady's SIMPLE explosives, need this file for the rest.   R.J.
Date:    2/7/88
Time:    11:47 am


R. J. MacReady's pyrotechnic experiments.  File #1.  Written
January 15th, 1988.  Have fun!


     These devices aren't of the chemical nature, so they
should be hard for anyone to build.   They are also the
kinds of devices which can be improved by simply making
them bigger.


Simple mine:  This is where it all started.  The simple land
              mine is used in other MacReady devices.  The
              device itself isn't complicated, but takes
              patience to make it work well.


              Materials: Film Cannister (or Folger's Coffee
                         can if you wanna blow away the
                         block)

                         Packs of matches (17 fill a film
                         cannister).

                         Patience.


     First, take the lid of the cannister or can, etc.  and
cut a square hole in the lid the width of the striking strip
on a book of matches (about 5mm).  Next, cut 4 striker strips
off the matchbooks.  With these you must make a "box".  You
might want to leave an extra millimeter of cardboard on the
edge of the strips, and bend them so you can glue the edges
of each strip together.  Because it's hard to glue just
edges together.  Form the box around a pencil or something,
so you can have support when gluing it.  Make sure the whole
inside of the box is the brimstone side of the strips.  What
it will look like when it's made is a 3cm long hollow box,
with the ends open.  You then push this box halfway through
the lid with the hole in it.  Now cut the joint edges of the
box only on the top side of the lid, so you can fold these
sides down to the lid, to hold it better.  It now will look
like a lid, will a cross of cardboard on the top side, and on
the underside, the rest of the box is sticking out.  Next
cut your match heads off and fill the cannister.  Then, take
2 or 3 matches, tape them together tightly, and insert
them Carefully in the "box" from the top side of the lid.
MAKE SURE they fit snuggly, otherwise they'll slip about and
won't strike the insides of the box and therefore light
everything else.  Finally, put the lid on, and tape the son
a bitch up as much as possible, over the lid as well.  Bury
the whole thing in the ground so just the "button" (the 2 or
3 matches, which are about half way into the box) are
sticking above ground.  And when someone steps on it, BOOM!
Of course with a film cannister, the explosion isn't too big,
but if you had a Godamn coffee can, you could blow someones
foot off.  Or a 2 litre pop bottle, using the cap in place
of the lid!!


Look for other files dealing with this subject, written by
R. J. MacReady.

P.S.  Leave messages in Scavenger Hunts Anarchy message
      sections!
