
    Today im gonna tell you how to make the "biggie", nitroglycerin. I
    myself have not made this, feeling that it is to dangerous to fuck
    around with, but, its kinda like having $20 bucks stashed in your
    wallet. You know its there when you need it. Here goes:

ingredients:concentrated nitric acid
            concentrated sulfuric acid pure glycerin
            pure sodium carbonate
            pure water
            parafin
            clean cotton
            clean paper

materials:  clean beaker
            clean glass rod
            clean eyedropper
            watch with a second hand

instructions:

1. Mix equal amounts of the acids carefully in a beaker.
2. Stir the acids with glass rod.
3. Start slowly and carefully adding drops of water to this solution.


---> WARNING!!

         To do this carefully!!! If you add the glycerin too quickly, it
         will cause the acid to overheat and set off the nitro already
         made, blowing acid and glass fragments into your face.

4. When you see a reasonable layer of liquid above the acids, stop. Add the
acid-nitro solution to 20 or so its volume of water. You will see the
nitroglycerin precipitate immediatly.

5. After you've done this, try to draw off the water to get the nitro.

6.After you've done this, slowly add the sodium carbonate solution. This
will neutralize the acids and make the nitro much more stable.

Well, there you have it, and now, what to do with it. Mix it with cotton
and the saturate it with parafin. Wrap paper around it and form some sort
of tube. This is basically how dynamite is made. Use it as soon as
possible, and be carful when transporting it. Simply wire a m-80 or other
suitable primer to it and, ba-boom!!!

A molotov you dont have to light:
  A mixture of one part sodium peroxide and one part granulated sugar will
  ignite gasoline if you put a few drops of water on it.

  The best way is to use it is to spread the dry mixture on some cotton or
  a piece of wool cut from a sweater. You want loose material to hold the
  grains of the sodium peroxide and sugar. The wool is then wrapped around
  the bottle and tapped firmly. The bottle is then filled with gas and a
  couple of ounces of water is added. When the bottle breaks, the water
  reacts with the mixture, igniting the gas.

A quikie:
  Take a chunk of calcium carbide and drop it into a toilet (perferably not
  your own) and close the lid. Place a lit match or piece of paper near or
  on top of the lid, by the crack, and leave. The gas is highly flameble
  and reacts with water. Once it b uilds up and it starts to leak out, it
  will explode.


        Anarchy Bombs 1,2,3 are credited to Hell Rider
