        ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
        º                       Improvised PETN                       º
        º                                                             º
        º Agent Orange                                   (c) 1993 cTs º
        ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼

Warning.
There may be certain federal, state or local laws which prohibit the possesion
or manufacture of certain substances mentioned herein. Severe penalities may
be prescribed for violation of such laws. Be warned!
  The procedures to be followed in this manual and the resulting end-product
are extremly dangerous. Whenever dealing with high explosives, special
precautions should be followed in accordance with industry standards for
experimentation and production of high explosives. Failure to strictly such
industry standards may result in harm to life or limb.
  Therefore, the author disclaim any liability from any damages or injuries of
any type that a reader or user of information contained within this manual may
encounter from the use of said information. Use this manual and any end-
product or by-product at your own risk.

Preface.
  The information in this manual serves as an introduction to the organic
explosive PETN, pentaerythritol tetranitrate. Included are important physical
and chemical properties with which the reader should be familiar before
proceeding to the section that describes in detail one of several proven
methods for the manufacture of high-grade PETN. Finally it should be
mentioned that the chemicals listed in this text are hazardous if used im-
properly or handled carelessly. The reader is urged to adopt a "think before
you do" attitude, pay attention to details, and use safe laboratory equipment
and procedures.

1. PETN: Its Discovery and Properties.
  The high explosive pentaerythritol tetranitrate was first synthesized in
1894 at the Rheinish-Westfalische Sprengstoff Company in Germany by a chemist
researching the nitration process of pentaerythritol in a high concentration
of nitric acid. The resulting explosive was collected, tested, and found to
have a very fast rate of detonation, high density, and good chemical stability,
making it an ideal substance for military use. Unfortunately, at that time
there was no means available to mass-produce the raw ingredient pentaery-
thritol. PETN thus remained a laboratory interest until World War II, when it
was used in ammunition, bombs, and other fragmention devices. During this time,
Germany produced as much as 1,440 tons of PETN per month, with the USA and the
USSR following suit.
  Still manufactured on a large scale, PETN remains one of the most powerful
conventional explosives ever developed, rivaled only by HMX and RDX. The
military, as might be expected, is the largest user of PETN, with annual
purchasing well over 2,000 tons. Nonmilitary use is primarily limited to
demolition work and as a booster material for secondary explosives such as
ANFO, dynamite, etc.

                    Physical and Chemical Properties.

  PETN is a white crystalline substance that feels powdery to the touch. In
its pure form, PETN melts at 141.3 degrees centigrade. The boiling point is:

    160øC at 2mm Hg
    180øC at 50mm Hg
    200øC at 760mm Hg (standard atmosphere)

The molecular structure is:

 O NOCH     H CONO
  2          2    2
       \   /
        \ /
         C                 C H O  N
        / \                 5 8 12 4
       /   \
O NOCH      H CONO
 2    2      2    2

The calculated nitrogen content is as follows:

Element           # Atoms
                x Atomic Wt.

Carbon           5 x 12.011                  =  60.055
Hydrogen         8 x 1.00794                 =   8.064
Oxygen          12 x 15.9994                 = 191.993
Nitrogen         4 x 14.0067                 =  56.027
                                               ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
                                  Total        316.139
 56.027
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
316.139 (100) = 17.722% Nitrogen


Correspond with the military specification MIL-P-387 for PETN:

Melting Point                140.0øC
Nitrogen Content              17.5%    Minimum
Substances Insoluble
  in Acetone                    .10%   Maximum
Acid or Alkali Content          .003%  Maximum
Vacuum Stability at 120øC      5ml of gas / 20 hours
Overall Purity                98.7%

  If we examine the ultraviolet absorption spectrum of a single PETN crystal,
we find a narrow band in the 280æm area. Because ordinary sunlight emits UV in
the same range, PETN should not be exposed to the sun for a long period of
time as damage in the form of cracks in the crystals will appear and render
the PETN useless.

2. PETN Manufacture.
  PETN can be made in a number of different ways, but the overall process is
always the same and consists of the following steps:
  1. Nitration. Adding pentaerythritol to a given amount of nitric acid for
a specific time at a specific temperature to form crude PETN.
  2. Washing. The crude PETN is rinsed with distilled water until free of acid,
filtered, and throughly dried.
  3. Recrystallization. The dry PETN is dissolved in heated acetone, purified
with a neutralizing agent, and then poured into cold water where the purified
PETN is precipitated.
  4. Washing. The pure PETN is again rinsed with distilled water to remove
remaining traces of acid and acetone, filtered, and dried to a 10 percent
water content. The PETN is now ready for use.
  We will now proceed to the actual method for making high-grade PETN on a
laboratory scale (larger amounts can be made by increasing the size of the
equipment) that will yield about 500ml per batch. The amount of chemicals used
can vary if one wishes to produce more or less PETN per batch. However, the
proportions and the temperatures are exact and must not be changed under any
circumstances. We will begin with a list of equipment and chemicals needed.
Then each of the steps mentioned above will be detailed and fully discussed.

                    Hardware Required

 1. Stirring hotplate, with at least a 10" x 10" surface area. This type of
    hotplate will heat solutions and stir them by spinning a glass-coated bar
    magnet that is dropped into the solution being treated. The temperature
    and mixing rate are both adjustable by turning two dials on the face of
    the machine. The magnetic stir bar should be about 2.75 inches long and
    glass coated. If a regular hotplate of the nonstirring type is used, then
    all stirring must be done by hand with a glass rod.
 2. Glass coated magnetic stir bar 2.75" long
 3. One 4,000ml Pyrex beaker of standard configuration, with graduation
 4. One 1,000ml Pyrex beaker, tall form with graduation
 5. One thermometer graduated in degrees centigrade
 6. One thermometer clip to hold thermometer to the beaker
 7. A few glass stirring rods
 8. Pack of fine-grade filter paper (grade: 230, 33cm diameter)
 9. Glass funnel
10. Plastic bucket: one or two
11. Wood or plastic cookspoon (used to scoop PETN crystals)
12. Several pans for drying (disposable pizza pans work well)
13. One graduated cylinder used for measurement. A 100 or 200ml cylinder will
    do.
14. Several paper cups
15. Full face shield to protect eyes and face while working with acid.
16. Plastic or rubber gloves

                    Chemicals Required

  The amount of chemicals listed is just enough to make one 500ml lot of PETN.
The reader will have to decide how much to purchase if he decides to vary the
amount of PETN produced.

 1. 600ml nitric acid with a purity of 98 percent. (Don't use 70 percent or
    90 percentÄuse only 98 percent.)
 2. 250ml pentaerythritol, reagent grade
 3. 1,500ml acetone, reagent grade
 4. One teaspoon sodium carbonate powder, reagent grade
 5. 800ml distilled water
 6. 30 to 40 gallons of tap water for rinsing. Should tap water be hard or
    contain chlorine, distilled water must be used.
 7. One vial of red litmus paper, used to test pH level alkaline range 7 to 14
 8. One vial of blue litmus paper, used to test pH level in acid range 0 to 7
 9. Small bag of crushed ice
10. Optional: Full range 0 to 14 pH indicator strips. These are helpful in
    determining the pH of a solution, but litmus will suffice.

  All of the hardware and chemicals listed are readily available from major
scientific supply companies. Consult the yellow pages and don't be afraid to
shop around for the best prices.

                    Procedure

Step One: Nitration

(a) Take the 100ml tall form beaker and fill it with 600ml of nitric acid. Be
    sure to wear your face shield when working with acid.
(b) Place the tall form beaker with the acid inside of the larger 4000ml
    beaker and center it.
(c) Fill the larger beaker with crushed ice up to the same level as the acid
    in the tall form beaker. Now pour tap water over the ice until the level
    reaches the 700ml mark on the tall form beaker. Do not let any ice or
    water fall into the acid.
(d) Carefully place the stir bar into the beaker of acid.
(e) Using the thermometer clip, attach the thermometer to the rim of the tall
    form beaker and adjust it so that the bulb (the part with the mercury)
    falls just slightly below the surface of the acid. Be sure the numbers can
    be clearly read.
(f) With two hands, carefully lift the whole assembly and place it on the
    stirring hotplate and move it around so that the stir bar is centered in-
    side the tall form beaker. All controls on the hotplate should be in the
    off position.
(g) Using the graduated cylinder, measure out 250ml of pentaerythritol and
    pour this into the paper cups (you will most likely need two paper cups).

  During the manufacture process, acetone is used to purify crude PETN and to
safely remove crystals that may have condensed on various pieces of laboratory
equipment. Because acetone readily dissolves PETN, a table of solubility is
given below as a reference.
        ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÂÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
        ³Amount of PETN  ³          Acetone Soluble in Water         ³
        ³dissolved in    ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÂÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÂÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÂÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÂÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´
        ³100 grams of    ³    55%    ³  70%  ³  80%  ³  90%  ³  92%  ³
        ³solution (grams)ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´
        ³                ³       Temperature of Solution in øC       ³
        ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÅÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÂÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÂÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÂÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÂÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´
        ³        5       ³ 1 gr @41C ³  41.5 ³  22   ³       ³       ³
        ³       10       ³ 4 gr @62  ³  54.5 ³  38.5 ³  15   ³  10   ³
        ³       15       ³           ³  62   ³  48   ³  24.5 ³  20.5 ³
        ³       20       ³           ³       ³  54   ³  34.5 ³  29   ³
        ³       25       ³           ³       ³  59   ³  41.5 ³  34   ³
        ³       30       ³           ³       ³  63   ³  46.5 ³  40.5 ³
        ³       35       ³           ³       ³       ³  51.5 ³  45   ³
        ³       40       ³           ³       ³       ³  55   ³  50   ³
        ³       45       ³           ³       ³       ³  58.5 ³  54   ³
        ³       50       ³           ³       ³       ³  61.5 ³  57.5 ³
        ³       55       ³           ³       ³       ³       ³  60.5 ³
        ³       60       ³           ³       ³       ³       ³  62.5 ³
        ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
  The above table indicates a low solubility of PETN in water and this helps
to explain the low toxicity of PETN on the human body. Handling or inhaling
the dust in small amounts causes almost no effect. From a toxic point of view,
PETN, unlike nitroglycerine, TNT, or dynamite, is safe to work with.

Explosive Properties

  Pure PETN, when heated above its melting point, explodes at 205-225øC.

A Table of Gaseous Products Released
During Decomposition of PETN

Initiation        NO     NO     N O    N      CO     CO     H      O
		    2            2              2                   2
Detonation        Ä       5.3   Ä      22.8   37.0   26.7    6.8    1.4
Impact            Ä      24.3    5.3    9.4   19.1   35.4    6.5   Ä
Thermal 210øC     12.0   47.6    9.5    1.6    6.3   21.0    2.0   Ä

Heat of Explosion: 1,530 Kcal/Kg.
Volume of Gases: 768 L/Kg.
Temperature: 4,230øC

  The rate of detonation of a single crystal of PETN, the density of which is
1.77g/cubic centimeter, is 8,500 meters/second. In order to get a cartridge
filled with PETN powder to detonate at the same rate, two things must be done:
  1. Pure, dry PETN must be mixed by weight with 10 percent water. This will
drive the air out and allow the detonation wave to travel rapidly from one
crystal to the next. The water also makes the PETN safer to work with, as dry
PETN explodes when subjected to a slight impact.
  2. The PETN must be loaded into the cartridge under high pressure so that
the density of the powder approaches the crystal density.
  The ideal loading density of a cartridge containing PETN should be in the
range of 1.72 to 1.73g/cubic centimeter. At this density, the 8,500 meter/
second detonation rate can be achieved and the maximum explosive power of PETN
obtained. It should be mentioned, however, that even if a cartridge is only
packed by hand, a very powerful explosive device will still result.
  The loading density of a cylindrical cartridge can be determined by using
the following equations:

            Force
Pressure = ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
            Area

Volume = Area x Length

                   Mass (amount of PETN)
Loading Density = ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
                    Volume of Cartridge

  We are now ready to continue. Be sure the work area has good ventilation,
and wear your face shield to avoid acid burns in case any beakers are
accidently knocked over.

(h) Turn on the stirrer and adjust until a smooth rapid motion occurs in the
    acid. The heater will be in the "off" position during the whole nitration
    process. If you are not using a stir bar, the stirring must be
    continuously done by hand with a glass rod.
(i) Look at the thermometer. When the temperature falls to 10øC, very slowly
    sprinkle in some of the pentaerythritol by squeezing the rim of the cup
    to form a spout and shake lightly. As soon as the temperature starts to
    rise, stop adding. Look to see where the temperature stops. If it is below
    20øC, then continue adding the pentaerythritol and stopping whenever the
    thermometer reads 20øC. Allow the whole mixture to cool back to 10øC and
    then start sprinkling in the pentaerythritol until 20øC is again obtained.
    Continue adding in this manner until all 250ml of pentaerythritol has been
    added. When the temperature again falls to 10øC, remove the thermometer
    and the stir bar. Take the small beaker out of the larger one and set it
    aside for forty-five minutes. The stir switch can be turned off and the
    ice-water mixture thrown out.

  Important: Never let the temperature of the mixture rise above 25øC during
this operation.

  This concludes Step One.

Step Two: First Washing

(a) After forty-five minutes have elapsed, the crude PETN will have settled to
    the bottom of the beaker, as a thick yellow-white sludge, with a layer of
    acid on top. Pick up the beaker and slowly pour off the top layer of acid,
    being careful not to disturb the PETN sludge. When finished, set the
    beaker aside and dispose of the waste acid.
(b) Fill a plastic bucket with two gallons of water. Use distilled water if
    your tap water is hard or chemically treated.
(c) Pour the beaker of PETN into the bucket and scoop out any sludge with a
    wood cookspoon. Using a glass rod, stir the contents of the bucket
    vigorously for ten seconds and then wait for the PETN to settle. If a foam
    has developed on the surface of the water, be sure to agitate the surface
    with your stirring rod. The foam, which is just air trapped in PETN, will
    settle to the bottom of the bucket.
(d) After the contents have settled, take a strip of blue litmus paper and dip
    it into the bucket. You will notice that the litmus paper turns red,
    indicating the presence of any acid. This acid must be removed, so take
    the bucket and slowly pour off the layer of water. Be careful not to pour
    off any PETN by accident.
(e) Take two gallons of fresh water and pour it into the bucket. As before,
    stir to break up the foam and then allow the contents so settle again.
    Using a new blue litmus paper, test for the presence of any acid. Should
    acid be present, continue the cycle of pouring off the water adding fresh
    water, stirring, settling, and testing with litmus paper.
(f) After several wash cycles, you will find that the litmus paper no longer
    turns red but instead remains blue, indicating that the rinse water is now
    neutral. Wash the PETN one more time, let settle, and pour off the water.
(g) Place a filter paper into the glass funnel. Scoop the PETN from the bottom
    of the bucket and put it into the filter. The filter paper and funnel
    serve to allow the water to drip away, thus allowing the PETN to dry fas-
    ter. Allow the PETN to filter for at least thirty minutes.
(h) After filtering, take the PETN and spread it out as a thin layer in the
    drying pans. The PETN must be allowed to dry completely. When dry, it will
    be a white crystalline powder. The drying might take several days.
(i) Clean and dry the beakers, stir bar, and thermometer, as they will be used
    again during the next step.
(j) After the PETN has dried, place it in any handy containerÄother than the
    beakersÄand set it aside.

  This concludes Step Two.

Step Three: Recrystallization

(a) Take one teaspoon of sodium carbonate and place it in the tall form beaker.
    Add 800ml of distilled water and stir until completely dissolved. This,
    your neutralizing solution, will be used shortly.
(b) Fill the 4,000ml beaker with 1,500ml of acetone. Put in the stir bar and
    thermometer and place on top of the hotplate. Turn the stir dial to a
    medium speed and turn on the heat. The temperature of the acetone will
    rise and must be held between 50øC and 60øC. Do not let the temperature
    stray out of this range during the next steps. Aim for a temperature of
    55øC. Heated acetone is highly flammableÄuse caution!
(c) Take two heaping tablespoons of dry PETN, add it to the acetone, and let
    it dissolve completely. The temperature will now drop slightly, but if it
    is still above 50øC, take two more tablespoons of PETN, add it to the
    acetone, and let it dissolve. Keep up this method of adding two tablespoons
    of PETN and letting it dissolve until the temperature reaches 50øC, stop
    adding PETN and let the temperature rise to just under 60øC. Then begin
    adding PETN again two spoons at a time and allowing it to dissolve until
    all the PETN has dissolved
(d) With all the PETN now dissolved in acetone and the temperature held at
    55øC, we will begin neutralizing the solution.
(e) Have both the blue and red litmus papers ready.
(f) Fill the graduated cylinder with the sodium carbonate solution that was
    prepared in the tall form beaker.
(g) Keeping the contents of the large beaker in the 50ø to 60øC range, add to
    it 10ml of the sodium carbonate solution (SCS). Insert a blue litmus paper.
    if the paper turns red, add 10ml more of the SCS, and test again with the
    litmus paper. Keep up this process of adding 10ml of SCS at a time, until
    the litmus paper remains blue. When this happens, add a final 10ml of SCS.
    Test with both the red and blue litmus paper. If neither paper changes
    color, the solution is neutral. Turn off the hotplate.
(h) Immediately fill a bucket with two gallons of cold water. Pour the con-
    tents of the large beaker into the bucket and stir. The PETN will now pre-
    cipitate with its new fine crystalline structure.
(i) Test the water in the bucket with blue and red litmus paper. If the inst-
    ructions in this text were followed carefully, there will be no reactions.
    If they do react, then an error was made and salvaging the PETN will be
    beyond the scope of this text. You will have to try again.

  This concludes Step Three.

Step Four: Second Washing.

(a) This washing process is similar to Step Two, only we will be removing
    acetone instead of acid from the PETN. When the contents in the bucket
    (including the foam) have settled, pour off the water.
(b) Add two gallons of fresh water, stir, and allow to settle. If you smell
    the water, you will notice a strong acetone odor. Continue the wash cycle
    until the acetone odor is no longer apparent and then rinse the PETN two
    more times to complete the washing.
(c) After the PETN has settled, pour off the water. Filter the PETN and allow
    to dry to a 5 to 10 percent moisture content. The finished PETN should not
    feel wet when a sample is squeezed between your fingers. When the PETN has
    been dried, it will be ready for use. Store in a cool, dark place.

This concludes the manufacture of PETN.
