
                 And now, from the depths of the U.P/P.G. comes...

                            Anarchy Unlimited: Poisons
                                    Volume I
                           Authored by: The Azure Mage
                              With help from Sci-Fi

     Disclaimer: I take no responsibility for the possible harm that may result
from the production of the materials described in this phile. I present this
information for informational purposes only and do not endorse in any way the
production therof. Well, that seems adequate to me so without further ado...

Poisons: Poisons are literally things that cause death thru inhibition of the
body's homeostatic state. There are many different types and I will present only 
a few. A good reference is Poisoning. The ISBN is 0-87041-075-X. Any decent
bookstore can order a copy for you. If you attempt the production of any of
these, I strongly advise taking the precautions necessary for any cytotoxic
material.

1> D.V.D.P: DVDP is an acronym for Dichlorovinyl Dimethyl Phosphate. To produce
it, get a pack of Shell No-Pest strips and set them in a flask or something
similar, like a Miracle Whip jar. Then cover them up with paint thinner. Let
this mixture sit overnight. In the morning there will be a commonplace looking,
oily sludge. This is in fact pure DVDP. It is a contact poison and
excruciatingly deadly. I mean this shit rivals Prussic acid. If you touch it,
you are toast within 10 seconds. For handy use, it can be placed in a nasal
spray bottle and carried around. If you take this route, then WEAR GLOVES AND
STAND UPWIND OF YOUR TARGET. Also cover all exposed skin surfaces with a
coating of Vaseline. This way a casual blowback won't take you out. Another way 
to use it would be to say apply it to a doorknob or a steering wheel with a
Q-Tip. Before he could pull away from the curb, he couldn't. 

2> Phosgene: This is a gas that results from the chemical breakdown of carbon
tetrachloride(CCl4) (also chloroform and methylene chloride) . It smells like
musty hay and is fatal in amounts of 10 ppm (parts per million). To produce it,
get some carbon tet or other applicable substance and put it on a hot plate. A
nice way to use it would be to place a pan of it in the target's house. If you 
do it during a party, the target will usually be too preoccupied with the party
to notice a little thing like that. The guests would think that it is water to
add humidity to the air. Speaking of which, you could put it inside a steam
humidifier for the same effect. There would be no complaints until people
started dropping like flies. It would be nice if you had the equipment to
compress it into an aerosol can with a small incendiary charge(quieter than an
explosive) like thermite to burn thru the canister and release the phosgene. Set
with a timer for 3:00 am and placed under the bed would almost guarentee death.
And with a little luck the incendiary charge would cause a house fire which
would greatly complicate evidence gathering. Look for the carbon tet and related
compounds in dry cleaning fluids, solvents and paint removers. Or just buy it
from a chemical supply shop.

3> Arsenic: All arsenic compounds are fatal. They are quite nice because of the
delay factor (like .5 to 1 hour once the appropriate level of toxicity is
reached). That way you can get lots of people who might not get got if you used
a fast acting poison like cyanide. Excellent for use at like banquets or parties
where everyone attending is a target(like your neighborhood Neo-Nazi convention)
Just lace the main course and POW! See ya.The lethal dose is 0.1 to .5 gm (100
to 500 mg) depending on the compound. And hey, even if they don't die it takes 
from 6 months to 1 year to fully recover from arsenic poisoning.

4> Ethylene Glycol: This is the main ingredient of antifreeze (Prestone, Zerex
ect.). You need to read the container to make sure that it is in fact ethylene
glycol and not one of the other types. It is a colorless, syrupy liquis with a
sweetish taste. It mixes well with both water and alcohol. The lethal dose is
from .5 oz to 4 oz (15-120ml). You can add usually 120ml to a target's Kool-aid 
without him noticing. Or just put a gallon of it into the punch bowl at a party.
Put some food coloring in it and put it in 2 quart fruit juice cans and anybody
that sees you will probably think that you were just helping. It's nice to kill 
barking dogs with also because they will just slurp it up because of the sweet
taste. You can taste the poisoned product to see if it is palatable, just make
sure that you don't swallow it and that you have no open cuts in your mouth. The 
nice thing about this one is that someone dying from appears to be drunk. If
possible, do not give concurrently with ethyl alcohol as it prevents the
metabolism of the ethylene glycol to oxylate.

5> Nicotine: You thought they were exaggerating when they said smoking kills?
Wrong. Pure nicotine is quite deadly, 1 drop has killed in 15 minutes. Smoking
burns most of the nicotine contained in cigarettes but if it was extracted the
amount contained in 2 cigs would kill you. Also it is poorly absorbed out of
tobacco when ingested. But fear not, I have a way to extract the nicotine from a
tobacco product. To produce get some of the snuff that comes in the round flat
tin. Put it in a glass and add enuf water to cover it all. After 24 hours pour
it into a hankerchief that has been stuffed into another glass but has the edges
hanging out. Lift out the hankie, tie a knot with all 4 corners, insert a pen or
similar stick and twist all of the liquid out. Pour the liquid a small saucepan
and turn on a low flame. When it has evaporated to about a teaspoon of thick
syrup, it is done. Dilute it with water to the point to where it will easily
leave a medicine dropper. The taste is covered well by sweet wine.

6> Nicotine Sulfate: It is sold as an insect poison, the most common of which is
Black Leaf 40. Evaporate it to the point to where it is a thin syrup and still
form drops from a medicine dropper. It is absorbed through the skin and is fatal
within minutes. Death by this is only detectable thru a blood test which is
rarely given. A good way to use this is to carry it in a soft drink cup (maybe
add some food coloring to it) and act like you accidentally spilled it on him.
If he doesn't wash it off within a few minutes he is toast. And who leaves a 
party because he had a drink spilled on him, hmmn?

7> Potassium (or Sodium) Cyanide: This is an almost instant killer with very
little taste. It only takes a few grains to kill and there are 437 grains to an
ounce. Put it inside of salt shakers in your target's home or carry it around in
a little bottle with a half and half mix of water/cyanide (pre-dissolved) just
waiting to be dumped in someone's beer. To prepare: (for sodium cyanide just 
substitute sodium compounds instead of potassium) Mix 8 parts of Potassium
ferrocyanide and 3 parts of potassium carbonate. Heat a crucible or a flower pot
red hot and pour the mixture in. It will melt and begin to bubble. Play the
torch flame on it to keep it hot. When it stops bubbling it is done. Pour the
fluid off onto some flat, enameled surface. While it is still warm, break it up
and store it in a dry place.

8> Plant Poisons: Put a few choice leaves in the salad and the target dies
without knowing why. Rhubarb leaves are deadly. Cooked, they take about a hour
to kill but raw almost immediately. Just chop up some leaves and put them in the
stew or on the hamburger and POOF! You have to grow your own because the stores
take off the leaves. Oleanders are very hard on the heart. They bring about a
digoxin like response. Both the leaves and the branches are fatal. Yew tree
needles and Laurel leaves are both extremly deadly. To extract the poison from
the evergreens, grind up the foilage and fill up a coffee percolator with it.
Put 8 oz of isopropyl alcohol in the pot and percolate for about 1/2 hour. If it
boils off then add some more alcohol. You need to distill the water off of the
alcohol. When the process is done, distill of the alcohol until you only have a
couple of oz of residue left. Then put that on a saucer and let it evaporate.
One nice way to utilize poisons that are specifically targeted is to put them in
prescription medicine containers that are the targets. Empty out his
Tetracycline caps and fill them with cyanide.

Oh well, that's all fer now. Have phun and look out for Volume II as well as the 
other philes in the Anarchy Unlimited series. Later...

This has been an production of The Arton National Research Corporation
                                             (A.N.R.C).
In coalition with The Underground Phreakers/Pirates Guild.
                             (The U.P/P.G.)


X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X

 Another file downloaded from:                               NIRVANAnet(tm)

 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Jeff Hunter          510-935-5845
 The Salted Slug                          Strange              408-454-9368
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408-363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   510-527-1662
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           415-583-4102
 Tomorrow's 0rder of Magnitude            Finger_Man           415-961-9315
 My Dog Bit Jesus                         Suzanne D'Fault      510-658-8078
 New Dork Sublime                         Demented Pimiento    415-566-0126

   Specializing in conversations, obscure information, high explosives,
        arcane knowledge, political extremism, diverse sexuality,
       insane speculation, and wild rumours. ALL-TEXT BBS SYSTEMS.

  Full access for first-time callers.  We don't want to know who you are,
   where you live, or what your phone number is. We are not Big Brother.

                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"

X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
