Sawdust-Diesel-Naphtalene Incendiary.

  Pound for pound, this is the best of the easily improvised incendiaries.
It costs about a dollar a pound to produce, is easy to to make and burns
extremely hot with a large flame. Its only drawback is that naphtalene
has a pronounced, distinctive smell before and after burning, so this
incendiary must be well sealed to prevent detection and should not be used
in "accidental" fires. To increase the rate of burning, a handful of am-
monium nitrate (a common, inexpensive agricultural fertilizer) can be
added before bagging. If ammonium nitrate is added, the material should
not be tested in a fireplace. This addition increases the output of noxious
fumes, thus creating a possible health hazard. Otherwise, up to 1 pound of
the sawdust-diesel-naphtalene mixture can be tested indoors.
  To make, place a 1-pound chunk of commercial pressed wood fire log in a
microwave and heat for about 3 1/2 minutes (at defrost). Remove and break
the chunk apart with a fork. Pour the resulting loose mixture into a 3-
pound coffee can and add a 1-pound box of naphtalene moth crystals. (If for
some reason moth balls must be used, they should be soaked in a little
diesel for a week or so, which will dissolve them). Put the lid on the can
and shake to mix. Pour in diesel fuel intil the mixture is well soaked. Do
not use too much diesel - about a quart is usually fine, but this way vary.
Stir until evenly mixed. Let it sit for a couple of days and stir again.
the naphatlene should be dissolved. It is now ready to use.
  To use, scoop the mush into a quart-sized zip-lock storage bag until it
is almost full. Seal this and place in a paper lunch sack. Add a fuze and
place on or in the target. Activate the fuze and vacate the area. This mix
will burn slowly until the flame reaches the plastic bag and heats it up.
If it is necessary or desirable, the bag may be safely lit with a match.
You have abput 2 or 3 minutes before it really starts burning.

