Small Pipe Bombs                          typed and invented by 
12/20/92                                     Fire and Brimstone 
SMPIPEBM.DOC                                            & 
                                                       Lex 
 
 
        Here's what you need. 
 
PVC pipe (a relativly small in diameter, and sort of thin.)   
        3-5 in. long HOW/WHERE .. hardware stores, off of construction 
        sites, around the house, maybe 
 
Flash Powder/Gun Powder/Black Powder .. generally any base powder for this 
        HOW/WHERE .. gun shops, make it yourself, out of model rocket  
        engines, etc 
 
Hot glue gun & glue sticks .. a little less than on glue stick is used per  
        bomb HOW/WHERE .. Hardware stores.  You can buy glue sticks at your 
        nieghborhood Walgreens.   
 
Fuse .. We have some nice waterproof fuse for this.  HOW/WHERE We got this  
        at a store called "SPY HEADQUARTERS".. you might be able to make  
        it youself, with another doc.  You can also mail-order from a  
        fireworks supply house.  Tell them you need it for your artwork,  
        or something.   
 
Drill .. to make holes for the fuses 
 
 
        .. 
 
        Okay.  Saw off a portion of your plastic pipe.  Drill a hole in it 
        so that the fuse can fit.  Be sure to drill before your put in the 
        powder.  Put a piece of paper underneath the pipe, and squeeze about 
        two cm.'s of glue into the bottom.  Now dip this into some water, to  
        cool it off faster.  When it's cool enough, pull off the paper, and  
        pour your base powder into it.  Insert the fuse in the pre-drilled 
        hole.  Pour another 2 cm. or so of glue over the top, sealing it off. 
        If you have some waterproof fuse, pour some around it to seal it 
        off very nicely.  If you had the waterproof fuse, then dip the  
        whole thing into the water to cool it down.  Drape some of the hot 
        glue on the top caps you made and down around the tube body.  This 
        will strenghthen it more.  If you have enought glue, then cover the 
        whole goddamned thing in it.   
 
        Light, run, and watch.   They're really great, we've done these, and 
        they work! 
 
        (Watch out for flying pieces of PVC pipe, by the way. If you put one 
        side with less glue, you can also make a rocket.  Make a launcher 
        out of a bigger piece of steel pipe, and there ya go!) 
 
 
 
 
