
                         Software Pirates Incoporated
                                 

              "PyroTechny - The Art Of Making Fireworx! Vol.#1"

        Well, this month I decide to write a file like everybody else. Since 
I don't know much about anarchy, I can write about what I do know. It's not 
REAL anarchy but it's pretty interesting. And that's how to build fireworx 
making different effects...

        To basically start off, the three principle materials employed in this 
art are sulpher, charcoal, and saltpetre combined with the fillings of copper,
zinc or steel. Or you could also combine those same three materails with 
camphor or resin. Either worx fine and is used adjust the combustion duration, 
and the effects of the firework. This next part is basically how to build 
rockets....

1. How To Build A Plain Rocket...

        The casing of the rocket should be made of stout catridge paper, 
  rolled on a rod whose thickness should be equal to the desired diameter of 
the bore. The rod should be slightly tapering, to allow of it's easy removal
after the case is rolled and pasted. The narrower end of the casse is choked; 
that means you should indent a neck in it. 
        The compostion as stated above should then be rammed tightly into
the casing which is is supported by a closely fitting mould of during this         
operation. You should then finidh it off with a small charge of gunpowder
to explode when the rocket goes out. The top of the casing should then be
stopped with clay and a conical cap fastened on. (this is to decrease the
resistance of air while it is in flight.). The bottom or choked end of casing
should be finished with priming and finergain sand paper(touchpaper).
The whole casing should then be attached to the end of a willow stick. Having
a long and straight stick is preferable cause it is this stick that directs
the course of the rocket in the air....

2. Composition For Rockets...

For 2 ounce rockets: Mix 54 1/2 parts nitre [saltpetre], 18 parts sulpher, 
and 27 1/4 of charcoal, all in fine grain powder. Sift through lawn. 
4 ounce rockets: 64 parts nitre, 16 parts sulpher, and 20 parts charcoal. 
For 8 ounce to 1 pound rockets: 64 parts nitre, 15 3/4 parts sulphur, and 
21 1/2 partss charcoal.

3. To charge rocket cases...

        In charging rocket cases, in order to increase the rapidity of it's
discharge, a wire is sometimes driven into the center of the charge, the
rammer being constructed with a small bore through it's length, to recieve
this wire when ramming the charge. This wire is withdrawn when the charge 
is complete, and the space it has left is filled witha quick match, which 
then sets fire to the entire charge at once. This central space is called 
the "soul" of the rocket, and the adoption of this arangement is neccessary
for large rockets, especially those having heavy pots.


        Well, hope that tfile made sense to you guys. Took me a while to 
learn that myself when I started off. This tfile hasn't finished yet. 
I will release one or two more next month on how to create various colors
and other awesome tricks that will make you the kid to hang with on 
July 4th...


                                                        ACOUSTiK
                                                       [SPi.ACiD]

-EOF;)-




