		       
			Software Pirates Incorporated


				 "Tear Gas" 
	
	If you've ever seen a mailman carrying a little red can on his belt
and said to yourself "Gee, what's that red thing on his belt?" Well, its an
irritant to save him from man's best friend; also know as tear gas or in this 
case, oleoresin capsicum. Capsicum is the hot essence of red peppers. 
Oleoresin is the process for extracting it. 
	To extract the capsium, grind up four ounces of red pepper seeds in a
blender or with a mortar and pestle. Red pepper seeds can be found at any
grocery store. The dry, ground seeds are then put into a coffee percolator 
in which there is about 16 ozs. of alcohol, preferably with the water 
distilled out. The seeds are then percolated for about a half hour.
	The alcohol is then distilled off until there are only a couple of 
tablespoons of red liquid left in the flask. The red liquid is then added to
a half pint of light mineral oil, bought at a drug store.
	It can be sprayed from a nasal sprayer, this is a great little sprayer
since no one knows whats inside. It should be shaken before each use. 
Just make sure that none of your friends gets the sniffles and borrows it 
from you...lets just say he wont be talkin to you for a while.
	Formaldehyde is another excellent repellent, and it can easily be 
bought at any pharmacy, just tell the guy you're doing a school project 
involving the preservation of mice. This stuff smells horrible, hurts the 
eyes and nose, and upon exposure to air it vaporizes, make a (class)room 
uninhabitable for hours.
	It can be squirted from a water gun, nasal inhaler, or vaporized by
a bomb. If this shit gets on someones skin it would feel something like if 
their skin was peeling off...what a mess. :)

						      Comatose [SPi]
						   "Anarachy Columnist"
						       SysOp: PMSi
	
	I'd like to say sorry out there to all the people who read this
stuff. I'm currently in India and well... if you were there, I don't think
you'd be able to send T-files over to the US either!







