              ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ» 
              º                                    º 
              º   T H E   S P O O K   F I L E S    º 
              º                                    º 
              º           VOLUME ONE               º           
              º                                    º 
              ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼ 

    Let's face it, folks, the world is going to hell in a hand basket and 
    we're all being fucked over by the fascist regimes that we live in. 
    The government, school, work, whatever...they're all out to get us 
    and make our life miserable. They expect us to be robots, soldiers. 
    They want us to follow orders, obey their commands, do what we're 
    told. Bend over and get fucked and LIKE IT! 

    We're being savaged by a twisted society that is full of assholes who 
    think they know what's best for us. Well I say FUCK THEM! 

    I decide what I want out of life! I decide what's best for me! Not 
    some lame-fuck loser in a suit with a bad haircut and a phoney smile. 

    This handbook is for those of you who want to prepare for the day 
    when you must strike back against the assassins of our freedoms and 
    civil rights. If they think they're going to have an easy time 
    fucking us over, I got news for them. 

    As a member of the grassy knoll marksman's society (only three 
    members) and as a rogue agent of the secret government and a 20th 
    level archmage of the Illuminati, I know whereof I speak.

    This book is for you. It was written by those who believe in the 
    importance of knowing how to fight tyranny. 

    In this manual, you will know many useful things related to being a 
    Secret Agent of Anarchy. 
    
    Copy it freely, but be careful of who sees it. They're watching.
    
                                                   -The Spook-

                ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

    This file is separated into sections: Funding techniques, Anarchy, 
    Phreaking, Drugs. Since everyone has a different way of printing out 
    files, I have added ANSI bars to seperate the articles. You should 
    place a hard page break where the double bars are. 


    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
               ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
               ³   F U N D I N G   T E C H N I Q U E S   ³
               ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
    
    Before you begin your career, you're going to need money. Here are 
    some tips on how to get some if you don't already have it. 
    
    DISCLAIMER: I'd like to remind everyone that this in no way suggests 
    that I use these techniques. This is just information I've obtained 
    and am passing on. I'm already rich from my covert activities, so 
    these funding techniques are for emergencies only. 
 
    Important note:  If you get busted, the penalty is stiff so if you 
    want to enter the realm of fraud, do it knowing you're on your own. 
    
                                                    -The Spook-
    
                ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

    S O D A   M A C H I N E   R I P - O F F 

    Here is a way to rip off the coke machines you see out side of stores 
    and other places! 
        
    Okay, first--on all vending machines there are always those round 
    almost unpickable locks when no one is looking take a piece of air 
    hardening clay (make sure it is only air hardening!) and press it 
    into the lock real good! Then remove the clay carefully and put it 
    somewhere to dry! Make sure the clay is TOTALLY dry then go back in a 
    day or so and you will have a key to fit that lock put the key in and 
    push and turn and presto the machine will open allowing you to take 
    all the money! 
        
    A good machine will get you between 2100 and 300 dollars depending 
    when it was last checked by the company. Best of all if someone sees 
    you just put the key on the ground and step on it and its powder! And 
    then you cant be busted because the evidence is blown away! So that's 
    it and if anyone has any good schemes, write a file on them and add 
    to the Mystery Note collection. 

                ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
    
    C O I N   M A C H I N E   F R A U D   I
    
    Here's the equipment that you need access to in a fairly secluded 
    area: 

    1) A copy machine that is of fairly good quality. 

    2) A change machine that changes 1's and 5's to quarters. 

    3) A 1 or 5 dollar bill 

    4) A table paper cutter that cuts paper exactly straight. 

    5) A lot of courage! 
            
    OK what you do is walk into the place and copy the face side of your 
    dollar. Put the dollar bill face down and in the exact middle of the 
    machine's window.  The first time you do this, only make one copy, 
    because it might not work correctly.  When you get your copied dollar 
    bill from the machine, check the toner and make sure that it is just 
    like the original.  If its too dark or too light, then adjust the 
    copy machine accordingly.  When you get a perfectly contrasted 
    dollar, take it over to the paper cutter and put the original dollar 
    over the paper dollar and slice the dollar out of the big piece of 
    paper.  Now for the fun part. 

    Make sure that there are no hidden cameras in the room watching you, 
    or you'll be caught for sure! 

    Walk up to the change machine and casually slide the dollar bill into 
    the machine and push the carriage or whatever in.  If the dollar 
    comes back out then take it, rip it in half and put it in your 
    pocket.  Throw it away someplace else.  But if the jingling joy of 
    quarters comes, you will be in the money!  But when you do it, do it 
    in mass amounts, because if you do one a day, they'll probably post a 
    guard in there or something. 
                 
                ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

    C O I N   M A C H I N E   F R A U D   I I 
    

    Have you ever seen one of those really big changer machines in 
    airports, laundromats or arcades that dispense change when you put in 
    your 1 or 5 dollar bill?  Well then, here is an article for you. 

    1)  Find the type of change machine that you slide in your bill 
    length wise, not the type where you put the bill in a tray and then 
    slide the tray in! 

    2)  After finding the right machine, get a $1 or $5 bill.  Start 
    crumpling it up into a ball.  Then smooth out the bill, now it should 
    have a very wrinkly surface. 

    3)  Now the hard part.  You must tear a notch in the bill on the left 
    side about 1/2 inch below the little 1 dollar symbol (See Figure). 

    4)  If you have done all of this right then take the bill and go out 
    to the machine.  Put the bill in the machine and wait.  What should 
    happen is:  when you put your bill in the machine it thinks 
    everything is fine.  When it gets to the part of the bill with the 
    notch cut out, the machine will reject the bill and (if you have done 
    it right) give you the change at the same time!!! So, you end up 
    getting your bill back, plus the change!!  It might take a little 
    practice, but once you get the hang of it, you can get a lot of 
    money! 

                  !--------------------------------!
                  !                                !
                  ! (1)         /-------\      (1) !
                  !             !       !          !
                  !             !  Pic. !          !
                  ! (1)  /\     \-------/      (1) !
                  !      !!                        !
                  !-----/  \-----------------------!

                          \-------Make notch here. About 1/2 " down 
                                  from (1)

                ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

    C R E D I T   C A R D   F R A U D  
    

    [1] Finding a Credit Card Number. 
    
    The easiest way to get Credit Card Numbers is to go to a trash bin of 
    a place that uses Credit Card Numbers.  If the place doesn't bother 
    burning the papers, you can usually find hundreds and hundreds of 
    Numbers on a good day.  If you work in a Gas station, you can get 
    millions of the things a day. 
 
    If you want to nail some guy you know, and you can break into his 
    car. Most people will save their Credit Card Numbers and its 
    registration right in the glove compartment for records about their 
    gas.  Just break into the car, grab one of those papers, and voila! 
 
    A few warnings, many banks now have cameras set up to watch the 
    trash bins. You can either spray the camera with spray paint or cover 
    it with a sheet, but then just quickly grab some and run.  You never 
    know if the cop will be watching that camera. Remember, the best way 
    to go Credit Card Number looking is to get with a friend who is in a 
    car, watching for other people.. Also, it is best to go late at 
    night, the later the better, the guards are usually so stupid that 
    they won't even bother watching.  Most people that I know don't even 
    bother with banks trash-bins though.  The only time it's good to do 
    that is if you're also trashing for hacking info.  If you just need 
    some Credit Card Numbers then just find some good place that uses 
    Credit Card's and trash it.. 
 
    There are other ways such as credit bureau's that you can get credit 
    card numbers as well as telephone numbers, and lots of other fun 
    information. However, as a whole, stay away from credit bureau's like 
    CBI and especially TRW.  TRW has gotten extremely dangerous.  If you 
    enter a false password, the the call is immediately traced.  If you 
    decide to use credit bureaus that fine, but as whole, there is no 
    real need to. just go trashing for new Credit Card numbers, and you 
    real won't have anything to worry about.  If you trash a place in 
    which the customers are rich, you usually won't have to worry about 
    the card being valid. 
 
    A note--> Visa and Mastercard have changed over to a new type of 
    carbon. In other words when you tear the copies , the number on the 
    carbons gets split in half.  (Thanks Bomb Jack).  There are still ways 
    around this.  Have a friend of yours that works in one of these 
    places just write down the numbers.  A friend of mine works in a 
    place where they take all the Credit Card carbons, chuck them in one 
    barrel.  he then takes them out to the trash.. (or does he??) 
 
    Well, that just about covers methods of how to get Credit Card 
    Numbers.  if you would like to try your luck with credit bureau's 
    then read the file, TRW information or other files which have to do 
    with credit bureaus.  I am not going to go into detail about them. 
 
    [2] Explanation of Credit Card Numbers
 
    You've got this garbage, but you don't know exactly what kind of card 
    it is or anything else. Well, to find out what kind of card it is 
    here is a brief summary of the number of digits and the information 
    you need to know to use the Credit Card's properly. 
 
     Mastercard 
        Digits-16 
        Expiration date-look for 
          something like 4/85 
        Usually has an Interbank number 
          that is 4 digits long 
        Name of person 
 
     Visa 
        Digits-13 
        Expiration date - same form as 
          above 
        Name of person 
 
     Visa Gold 
        Same as normal Visa but have 16 
          digits 
 
     American Express 
        Digits-15 
        Expiration date - these 
          have beginning and ending
          expiration dates that you have 
          to know like- 10/83-7/85 
        Name of person 
 
     American Express Gold 
        Digits-20 
        Expiration date - same as normal 
        Name 
         Note-These cards have a 5000 
          dollars in them at least so 
          look for them 
 
     American Express Platinum 
        Digits-? 
        Expiration date - same ??? 
        Has a 1,000,000 dollar limit i 
          think. 
 
          
    Many times people will post numbers that will "check" the credit card 
    for the amount of money that you type in. However, there are many 
    problems with this.  The major one is that when you call the number 
    and type in that amount, it is subtracted from the card.  In other 
    words, if you have a card that has 500 $ in it and you "check" it for 
    300 dollars and then try to use the card, there will only be 200 
    dollars in the account so it won't work. Now another idea that has 
    been suggested is to have just a small amount entered, just to check 
    to see if the card is valid.  This will work, but make sure you enter 
    something like 50$, since validation of cards is not done usually on 
    orders that are under 50 dollars. 
 
    Here are some of the "voice validation numbers that I am talking 
    about. 1-800-842-1250.. Another one is 1-800-228-1111, when you get a 
    carrier, do #+5317007000220959+card number + the expiration date + 
    the amount of the purchase.  The recording will tell you if it is 
    valid or not.  However, there shouldn't even be a need to check on 
    them.  As long as you get them from a somewhat rich place, and don't 
    use it for anything extravagant (A black Porsche, for instance), you 
    shouldn't have anything to worry about. 
 
    
    [3] Uses 
    
    Ok, the part everybody's been waiting for.  You have that stupid 
    number in your hand but how do you use it?  There are many ways to 
    use the numbers and I'll go through as many as I can right here. 
 
    An important thing to remember is - Never use a Credit Card Number 
    more that once. You can use the same Credit Card at the same time, 
    but don't use a Credit Card Number one month and then try to use it 
    again the next.  The best time to use a Credit Card Numbers is at the 
    end of the month when the bills arrive.  That means you have an 
    entire month to use the card. 
 
    OK, now for the uses.  There are two kinds of uses that you can u use 
    a Credit Card for.  Number one is "for yourself".  You can use the 
    Credit Card to add to your computer, your home, or whatever else you 
    want to add to.  The other type of use is revenge.  You can use the 
    Credit Card either to get back at the person who owns the Credit 
    Card, or get back at other people which will be explained further 
    into the tutorial. 
 
    Mail order catalogs - Places that say that they will accept Credit 
    Card Number orders are great places to order from. However, a quick 
    inside tutorial is needed here.  She is going to ask you for your 
    phone number to check you out. There are two ways to get around this. 
    Number 1 is to call from a pay phone in your town and wait until she 
    calls back. Wait about 15 minutes, if she doesn't call back by then, 
    she's not calling back.  A note..  50% of the time the lady will give 
    the number to shipping to validate.  The guy will then call you the 
    next day.  If you want to get around this tell the lady that you are 
    calling from out of state and won't be at this number tomorrow.  
    She'll probably fall for it. An extremely good way of using a pay 
    phone is to get the phone number of the Credit Card owner forwarded to 
    the phone booth.  This can be a little difficult for the beginner 
    Credit Carder, though. 
 
    The second way is to find a good loop in your state and call the 
    other end and give her the first end.  This is the best way there is.  
    Remember though, if you tell her that you live in Connecticut, but the 
    loop you give her is in Pennsylvania, and she notices, you will be in 
    trouble.  Continuing on this thought, you need an address to which to 
    send your new found goods. 
 
    There are many different places to have the goods shipped to.  
    Remember, don't send it to your house!!  Not very intelligent.  
    Because you're not going to send it to your house you must use a drop 
    zone. A drop zone is a house that's near one of your friend's house or 
    your house. The perfect drop zone has nobody living in it, and is 
    currently waiting for a buyer.  Another perfect drop zone is a 
    neighbor who's going away to some place like England for a 3 month 
    vacation. The only problem with that is that the person might have 
    their mail held at the post office. However, U.P.S., which packages 
    are sent through, often doesn't listen, and just sends the sucker 
    anyway.  
    
    If you want to Credit Card and you can't find a good drop zone, don't 
    send it to a friend's house, just send it to an old ladies home, 
    who's too lazy to go out and get her mail.  Just swing by the house 
    every day and check and see if the package arrived. 
 
    Okay, so you have your drop zone, you have a phone number to give the 
    "nice" lady, so now's the big moment.  Give the place a call.  Be 
    sure to sound as cool and collected as possible. If you hesitate a 
    lot and worry, the lady will become suspicious. Sound a little bit 
    annoyed at the lady, like you have better things to do, but be 
    polite. Then just order what you want, she will ask for the name of 
    the person, his Credit Card Number, his expiration date, and all the 
    other stuff I listed above.  Don't be stupid and hesitate on the guys 
    name. It does not assure the lady that you are really John 
    Fredrickson or whoever. Remember, be cautious with what you buy. It is 
    possible to get hard drives, but they usually will check you out 
    more. If you want to get a joystick, but say, "what the hell, I might 
    as well go for a hard drive too..", buy the hard drive with one card 
    Number, and the joystick with another. That way, you'll at least get 
    the joystick. 
                          
    Computer Shows - A lot of Computer shows have telephone lines set up 
    so they can demonstrate their modems.  What you do then is to walk 
    around until you find one of these places and say. 
 
    "Excuse me, a friend of mine wants me to get me a 9600 baud modem and 
    a joysticks (more about the joystick later), but he can't get down to 
    the show. Can he call you and give you his credit card number. You 
    can then call him back and check him out" 
 
    It usually takes a while to find a sucker that will do this but when 
    you do.  Have one of your friends call the number while you stand and 
    talk with the guy. Chat it up with this guy.  When he asks for the 
    number, give him the number of the pay phone.  Your friend will then 
    be called back upon which he will reply "Yep, I ordered it."  Voila!  
    You now have a 9600 baud modem and two joysticks. 
 
    Important things to consider about this last method, if you do get 
    caught. Now I will explain why to get two joysticks, it doesn't have 
    to be two joysticks, it can be two microchips, it doesn't matter. If 
    you do get caught (it's never happened to anyone I know, but this is 
    a pre-caution), tell the cops that you were doing this since this guy 
    told you that he would give each of you a joystick with his credit 
    card number if you would go in. Say that he had no cash and couldn't 
    get into the show, and he left his credit card at home or something.  
    Remember, creativity in this situation may save the cat, not kill it.  
    Then, lead the cops outside and show them where you were supposed to 
    meet this guy and give it to him.  He, obviously, won't be there so 
    you say, "Shit, he must have seen me with you and ran!  I didn't know 
    I was doing anything wrong, he just wanted to get this modem really 
    badly but didn't have his credit  card with him or any cash"  Act 
    really stupid, because this really is a lame excuse. 
 
    If you find a really stupid looking salesmen, especially the foreign 
    ones (they wouldn't believe that anything like this would ever 
    happen) this method will work extremely well. 
 
    Destroying a person's credit - This is by far the easiest revenge 
    method of credit carding.  Just call up one of those "voice 
    validation" or "credit card validation" numbers and type in the 
    Credit Card Number of a person that you hate, and then keep typing in 
    high amounts of money until all the money in his account has 
    disappeared. Then when he goes to buy something, all the money on his 
    Credit Card will have suddenly disappeared. 
    
           
    [4] Advanced Credit Carding 
    
    Ok, you've come this far.  "What's next?" you ask.  Well, the more 
    advanced thing to do and the best thing to do if you are successful 
    is to get a real plastic Credit card. If you steal one, go wild 
    with it the first day, since the person will probably call in and 
    report the card missing after a while. Make sure you have a copy of 
    the person's signature, a fake id, under his name, or anything else 
    useful.  If your signature looks totally different than the signature 
    of the person, you will get nailed. Things to remember:  Don't 
    get caught!!  Act older than you probably are. The older you are, the 
    better chance of success you will have. Again, act casual about it.  
    Biting your fingernails is not a good sign of a good customer. 
    Another thing to do is to stay away from big places.  I do know of 
    people, (not personally, A friend of mine works there and at least 4 
    people have been caught for doing this).   Visit small stores and 
    small places. Sometimes you can take the stuff back and return it for 
    money. Don't use the Credit Cards at banks for cash unless you want 
    to get caught. 
 
    Another great advanced method is to get your own fake Credit Card 
    card.  These are the best.  Have the card shipped to a drop zone or 
    house, and once you get it, go wild. Use it at all the places which 
    don't check out your credit rating (there are a few stupid places 
    that don't). 
 
    You can also get fake Mervyn's cards, Sears card, or any other type 
    of money card if you work at it.  Just be careful.  Merchants are 
    supposed to detain illegal Credit Carders by peaceful methods. But if 
    a person is using a fake credit card, they're not going just say, 
    "Please come with me, unless you don't want to."  If you're in a 
    small store, make a run for it.  If you're in a big store, and the 
    clerk informs you that the card is invalid (If he thinks the 
    signature isn't right, he won't tell you, but if he watch to see if 
    he calls security) then just act huffy, grab your fake card angrily, 
    and walk out of the store in a huff. 
    
    ADDITIONAL CARDING ADVICE
    
    Try not to fuck with well known computer companies. They're the ones 
    who have been around the block.  Go for some unknown computer company 
    that might have a mailer at your local computer swapmeet.  Secondly,   
    make your order as realistic as hell when you call.  Ask about the 
    quality of what you are ordering, the value, when your package will 
    come, total price...tax, everything that comes in mind.  Have your 
    info ready off the bat, if you stall, they won't take you seriously 
    and you'll never get your order.  Like when they ask for your name, 
    don't go "uuhh...uhh...oh, Mark Lamedick"  you have to know 
    everything straight and simple.  Then tell Shipping that you are 
    currently moving right now, and you most likely wont be home in the 
    afternoons - mornings - early evenings.  Last but not least, you's 
    better have your ass a good ass drop off point.  
    
    What works best is when someone is on vacation or an abandoned house.  
    Write a note on the door that says something like: "Dear UPS,  I'm 
    currently moving right now, and I probably won't be home in the 
    afternoons for quite some time.  I will be home in the evenings 
    probably after 7 pm.  Could you please leave the package on the 
    doorstep, and I will pick it up when I come home, or could you stop 
    by after 7pm (They wont cause they never deliver after 6)  Thank you 
    very much.  Jane Cockhound... Okay...now go that evening...hound the 
    place every fucking day during the 7 - 10 working days that the 
    package is supposed to come.  Get the package, and do with it what 
    you want.  Only order in large bulk around Christmas time (like 
    ordering four 200 dollar Walkmans)  Any other times, just make a 
    bunch of small orders. 

                ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

    A U T O M A T I C   T E L L E R   F R A U D 

    Automatic Teller Fraud is not a particularly easy scam to pull off, 
    as it requires either advanced hacking techniques (TRW or banks) or 
    serious balls (trashing a private residence or outright breaking and 
    entering), but it can be well worth your while to the tune of $500 
    (five hundred) a day. 

    Laws that will be broken:  Credit Fraud, Wire Fraud, Bank Fraud, Mail 
    Fraud, Theft Over $200, Forgery, and possibly a few others in the 
    course of setting the scheme up. 

    The first step is to target your victim.  The type person you are 
    looking for is rich.  Very rich. 

    Now, don't go trying to hit on J.P. Getty or Johnny Carson or someone 
    who carries a high name recognition.  This will just get you into 
    trouble as everyone notices a famous person's name floating across 
    their desk. 

    Instead look for someone who owns a chain of hog feed stores or 
    something discreet like that.  For example, target a gentleman who is 
    quite active in the silver market, owning several mines in South 
    Africa. Not wanting this to be widely known, he will avoid publicity.
    
    Next step, take out a P.O. box in this person's name. 

    Now comes the fun part, requiring some recon on your part.  You need 
    to know some fairly serious details about this person's bank 
    dealings. 

    1)  Find out what bank he deals with mainly.  This isn't too 
    difficult as a quick run through his office trash will usually let 
    you find deposit carbons, withdrawal receipts, or *anything* that has 
    the bank name on it. 

    2)  Find out the account number(s) that he has at the bank.  This can 
    usually be found on the above-mentioned receipts.  If not, you can 
    get them in TRW (easier said than done) or you can con them out of a 
    hassled bank teller over the phone (Use your imagination.  Talk 
    slowly and understandingly and give plausible excuses ["I work for 
    his car dealership, we need to do a transfer into his account"].) 

    2a) [optional]  If you can, find out if he has an ATM (Automatic 
    Teller) card.  You don't need to know numbers or anything, just if a 
    card exists.  This can also be ascertained over the phone if you 
    cajole properly. 

    3)  Armed with this information, go into action. 

    a) Obtain some nice (ivory quality) stationary.  It doesn't have to 
    be engraved or anything, but a $5 or $10 investment to put a 
    letterhead with his initials or something on it couldn't hurt.  But 
    the most important thing is that it look good. 

    b) Type a nice letter to the bank notifying them of your address 
    change.  Some banks have forms you have to fill out for that sort of 
    thing, so you need to check with the bank first (anonymously, of 
    course).  You will have to have a good copy of his signature on hand 
    to sign all forms and letters (again, trash his office). 

    c) Call the bank to verify the new address. 

    d) IMMEDIATELY upon verifying the change of address, send a second 
    letter.  If he already has an ATM card, request a second card with 
    the business name engraved in it be sent for company use.  If he 
    doesn't have an ATM card, the letter should request one for account 
    number xxxxxx.  Ask for two cards, one with the wife's name, to add 
    authenticity. 

    e) Go to the bank and ask for a list of all ATM's on the 
    bank's network.  Often the state has laws requiring *all* machines 
    take *all* cards, so you'll probably be in good shape. 

    f) Await the arrival of your new card.  The PIN (personal 
    identification number) is included when they send out a card.  After 
    picking up the card, forget that you ever even *knew* where the p.o. 
    box was, and make sure you didn't leave fingerprints. 

    g) Begin making the maximum daily withdrawal on the card (in most 
    cases $500/day), using a different machine each time.  Since many of 
    these machines have cameras on them, wear a hat and jacket, or a ski 
    mask to be really paranoid. To cut the number of trips you have to 
    make in half, be at an ATM a few minutes before midnight.  Make one 
    $500 withdrawal right before midnight, and another one right after.  
    This cuts down on the number of trips, but police or bank officials 
    may spot the pattern and start watching machines around midnight.  
    Use your own judgement. 
    
    Conclusion: Before using the card, make sure that all fingerprints 
    are wiped from it.  Usually the first hint you will have that they 
    have caught on to your scam is that the machine will keep the card.  
    Also, avoid using machines in your own town unless it is a big city 
    (Chicago, Milwaukee, Dallas, etc...). 

                  ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

    F A K E   I D S

    The object of this article is to teach one to change his or her 
    current driver's license to make one 21, without taking apart the 
    drivers license itself. This will be taught to you in a quick, 
    inexpensive, easy to understand process. The materials used are 
    laminated sheets (easily obtainable from a school supply store for 
    around a dollar to two dollars for a number of sheets), pair of good 
    scissors, and a copy machine. 

    The first step in the process calls for the copy machine (a copy 
    machine at the supermarket works good). Make two copies of your 
    drivers license. Take one copy and search for a digit on one of the 
    copies that will change the current year on your license to one that 
    will change your age (21). Once you have found the digit on one copy 
    cut it out so just the digit is there (a square segment with a little 
    trim around the edges is a good cut). Then take the other copy and 
    cut out the current last digit of the year you were born in basically 
    the same shape as the last. Put the cut out digit under the copy that 
    you had cut out your current digit of the year you were born. Now 
    having a little trim around the cut out digit from the first copy 
    will assist you when lining it up under the second copy when you put 
    it in the copy machine. Now that you have the new digit from the 
    first copy sitting underneath but showing on the second copy place it 
    in the copy machine and make a copy so that you will have an original 
    of the new base part of the license. 

    Now since most copy machines are black and white you will have to cut 
    away the states license on the top of the license (e.g. Illinois 
    License). Now place the new base of the license with the cut away 
    license name over the old base of the current license. The new base 
    might not match up like it should but line it up as a good as 
    possible. Now place a piece of the laminated sheet cut out to 
    configure the license on top of the new base. Cut away any overlaps 
    of laminated paper and iron over the license with Mom's good old 
    iron. 

    Notes: This process has been proved to work. If you are the type of 
    person that looks very young then do not bother to make an ID. You 
    will just get caught and get into a lot of trouble. Also, be very 
    careful at well known bars and over 21 hang out spots. The employees 
    at these places tend to flash a flash light underneath the card to 
    see if it is transparent. It is supposed to be. With this process it 
    is a little hard to see through the ID so be careful with it if you 
    do go to a place such as this. If you are pulled over by the police 
    then take a corner of the license and rip. It will not affect your 
    original license though it maybe a little sticky but, that should not 
    be to big of a problem. If any bubbling occurs just iron over it and 
    let it sit for a while. 
        
    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ

                     ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                     ³   A N A R C H Y   ³
                     ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

    Anarchy is freedom. Unfortunatly, freedom doesn't really exist these 
    days so it's necessary to fight for it. Anarchy becomes the art of 
    fighting for rights, for justice, for a cause. It must be done well 
    or you will be captured and killed by the enemy, so be careful. 

    Some of these articles are written by people with different views 
    than mine, but they offer expertise that is important to your 
    survival. I do not endorse attacking innocent citizens. They must be 
    educated and brought over to the cause. But you may have your own 
    agenda. 
    
    Choose your path. Just remember, karma exists.

                                                -The Spook-
    
                ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

    T E R R O R I S M
    
    Written by: Jonin Meka of The Black Hand Society

    Section One: The Essence of Terrorism 

    Welcome! In the following text I will attempt to explain to you the 
    way of Anarchy and how to be an Anarchist. One major section of 
    Anarchy is terrorism. Terrorism is to me the best thing ever to grace 
    man's path. Personally I love terrorism because, well, I really hate 
    strangers. Sometimes I'll decide to blow someone's car or house or 
    even the person all together just because they don't look right. 
    
    Terrorism defined as "mass-organized ruthlessness" and a terrorist is 
    defined as "one who rules by terror." Both of these descriptions are 
    fairly accurate but to me terrorism is the hatred of all good, 
    organization, love, and anything liked by normal morons who live in 
    our disgusting society we all call free! Therefore terrorism is the 
    destruction of society. I love that! To be a terrorist you must have 
    this attitude! 
    
    Don't read any farther unless you are a terrorist. Well, now the we 
    all have the understanding of terrorism we can begin. Note: you don't 
    have to kill to be a terrorist. Just be sure you love love to cause 
    terror! 

    Section Two: Simple Terrorism 

    Before I write anymore I must tell you I'm writing this article 
    because I wish to spread terroristic ideals. Also I wish to tell you 
    that Black Hand Society rules. Well, on with it. The following are 
    some of my own little goodies that I like to do once in a while. This 
    article does not explain how to make destruction devices or any of 
    that kind of stuff. That will be covered by others.
    
    And finally one more thing; I find experimentation is best when 
    trying to terrorize someone or something. Here we go! 
    
    [1] SHOPLIFTING 

    Ahhh...my favorite. Here is the best and most economical way to 
    obtain anything you desire: Shoplifting! One note: this is highly 
    dangerous in these days of hidden cameras and microphones so be very 
    careful and if all else fails and you're caught but some stupid moron 
    of a "store-detective" just be sure to keep a cube of "potassium 
    chloride plastic explosives" with so you can light it while the moron 
    has you by the arm and is taking you wherever it is they take you 
    when your caught. Well on to some safety clauses. For one always be 
    silent while shoplifting as of the microphones (if any). Next always 
    look for two-way mirrors, black spots on any store walls, and most of 
    all people who stay in a store for more than an hour- They're Narcs ! 
    And now for some advanced techniques. One I find to be fun is to 
    stuff my jacket then go up to the register and then buy something 
    small ! That really confuses the people. Another trick is to have 
    your friend buy something while you talk to him and at the same time 
    have a goodie right in your own hand then just walk out of the store 
    still talking with your friend. One last thing- bagging goods with 
    stuff you already bought is stupid unless the store doesn't give 
    receipts but what the f--k is you're good enough! 

    [2] ILLEGAL ENTRY 

    Another of my favorites. What is there really to say about illegal 
    entry except for it is a great way to attract attention to a 
    neighborhood. I mean with all the cops that come around the next day. 
    Also this is a great way to obtain valuable goodies like electronic 
    equipment. One thing never do this in your own neighborhood because 
    you won't be able to use the goodies you obtain. 
    
    Never break into a house with people in it if you are trying to 
    obtain goodies and also never break into a house with an alarm. 
    Always observe the area you're going to break into before entering 
    and look through the window next to the front door to see if they 
    have an alarm. There are several ways to break in: One is to lock 
    pick your way through but to the novice this may take time and years 
    of learning but one advantage is that it is real silent and 
    undetectable. Another way is to use the BB gun Ice pick method. First 
    bring your BB gun (pistol preferable) and shoot a small hole next to 
    the lock. Then use the Ice pick or some other device to undo the lock 
    on the window. Never leave anything of yours at the scene. Catalog 
    numbers and the like are traced quickly. 
    
    One final way to enter is to just crash the window with a stick. This 
    is really noisy but fun. If you want to do this the target window 
    should be next to another noisy place like a street or something. 
    Also don't spend to much time in the place after entering and most 
    off wear gloves and a black suit and always enter a night. One 
    more,thing I find it enjoyable to paint some type of remark or 
    sarcastic saying (real big of course) on one of the main walls. Such 
    an example would be a certain symbol like a pentagram or a saying 
    like "fuck off" (simple but suggestive) or to be creative "you have 
    bad taste in panties and curtains" or my favorite "pigs have little 
    dicks." Most of all be creative when signing you're little messages 
    usually I sign them by putting "You're worst dream" and "love, John". 
    You may find it wasteful to write such messages but personally I 
    think terrorism should be funny, sarcastic, and confusing. Two more 
    things: try not to leave any trace of yourself such as articles of 
    your clothing or even your blood (you might cut yourself if you break 
    the window). And if you consider yourself a common thief, DON'T! You 
    are an Anarchist and a Terrorist! 
        
    [3] ASSORTED FUN

    Here are other simple things you might like to do: 

    A) Enter a place with people in it and sneak up them and then totally 
    surprise the fuck out of them while they're sleeping. You might do 
    this by screaming and hollering at the foot of their bed or by 
    setting their bedroom curtain on fire and then scream and holler at 
    the foot of their bed. Scream "Get out the house! There's a fucking 
    fire!" Just be sure these people don't have gunes and you have a 
    quick exit route. One way to be sure of this is case their house 
    ahead of time. If you find a gun near the bed, unload it or fuck up 
    the firing pin so it can't be fired. That way you have the drop on 
    them. In any event, this one is dangerous. 

    If the husband is away on business, you might decide to pretend to be 
    the husband and molest the wife while she's sleeping. Think of the 
    possibilities. Pretending to be the husband is my favorite 
    because....well I'm horny. I start off by gently massaging the 
    women's breast and then taking my other hand and venturing into 
    beaver land ! 
    
    Another thing I find enjoyable is if the the women is alone in the 
    house I do the above but when she wakes up I simply knock her out 
    with the stick I used to break in with. If you plan to do this be 
    sure that as soon as she opens her eyes you give her a swift blow to 
    the head. Don't wait for her to scream for God's sake! Better yet, if 
    you have some, put a LIGHT dose of cloroform on a rag and make her 
    breath it. As soon as she passes out, take it away as it can kill 
    her. Another means of subduing a woman is fear. Pint a gun or knife 
    at her head while stuffing a rag in her mouth and make her submit. A 
    good method is to handcuff them before they wake up so they can't 
    fight you too easily. 
    
    After you have her subdued, fuck her to your heart's content. One more 
    thing if you're really horny I suggest you tie her up and then wait 
    for her to wake. Put a ball gag in her mouth, or improvise with a 
    rubber ball and some duct tape. 

    Tie her with her legs spread for maximum access. If you're into anal 
    sex, tie her face down. Just be sure she doesn't get a good look at 
    your face. Wear a stocking or pantyhose on your head or a ski mask.
    
    Oh, and be sure to practice safe sex. Heh heh... 
    
    Note: I do not consider this rape! It is not! It is terrorist tension 
    relief. Also it was done under pleasant circumstances. 

    B) Letting the air out of people's car tires has always been fun but 
    I prefer to blow the tires up with impact explosives better. Also I 
    recommend blowing up the whole car. This is not only fun but it makes 
    great reading light. May I also suggest you do the above before you 
    read the rest of the manual. That way after you blow the car up you 
    can sit next to a great reading light and read some more of this 
    manual while the car burns. And finally one more thing- I love to 
    watch the people scurrying trying to put the car out. I mean if they 
    had any brains they would not it is impossible especially if you put 
    a buck of Napalm in their front seat. Also I suggest you paint the 
    ground surrounding the car with impact explosives. That way when the 
    car blows up (or just starts on fire) as soon as the people run to 
    the car and watch it burn they'll step on the dried explosives and 
    blow themselves up. Note: This is really cruel but what the hell! 
    You're a terrorist! 

    C) Lastly, suggest you...well fuck I'll let you create your own 
    little goodies for you to do. I've given you a start now go out and 
    experiment! Note: I have lots more but I don't want to give away all 
    my secrets. 

    Section Three: Destruction (and death as a result) 

    Many of you I suspect don't want to become murderers so I suggest you 
    don't read any further. It takes a great hatred to kill a human being 
    and I highly recommend you don't do it. Not only is it really evil 
    but you will have severe guilt trips and may even commit suicide as a 
    result. Personally I don't care anymore and could give a fuck about 
    everything, but occasionally I do regret all the things I've done. 
    Please don't read the rest of the artical unless for entertainment 
    purposes otherwise welcome to the world of Hell. (ha ha ha!) 
    
                    ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
    
    A S S A S S I N A T I O N   T E C H N I Q U E S
    
    Preface 
    -------
    If you do indeed take the information provided in this article 
    seriously enough to do it, please forget where you read it. 

    Poisons: 
    --------
    The first and probably least known way to maim(such a nice word) 
    someone is through the use of various herbal extracts..(no I don't 
    mean Sinsemella) 

    Diffenbachia (dumbcane) 
    =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-= 
    Take 2-4 of the leaves and boil them in water (don't inhale the 
    fumes) When the water becomes a greenish color, take the leaves and 
    throw them away..Now take the liquid and add it to the victims 
    drink,food etc..The victims voice goes kaput. 

    Oleander.
    =-=-=-=-=
    Take a twig of this bush and grind it into a fine powder..Place the 
    powder in the salt shaker,or sub-stitute it for any other type of 
    seasoning...Causes death within 3-4 hours...sometimes quicker 

    Poison Oak/Ivy.
    =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
    Take the leaves and do the above process..Or boil the leaves and when 
    the water turns brownish/green pour it out into a vial...Add a few 
    drops to the victims beverage.. It tends to destroy the victims vocal 
    cords... 

    Systemic roses.
    =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
    Take a rose bush and soak the ground around it with a very poisonous 
    fertilizer..In the days following the roses leaves,stems,etc will 
    become highly deadly..When the victim gets scratched by it..He/she 
    dies.. 

    Poisons Part 2
    --------------
    The second and more common poisons are that of deadly metals and 
    earthy extracts. 

    Sodium Arsenide.
    =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
    This along with Lead Arsenide rank in the top ten of lethal 
    materials Sodium Arsenide can be acquired at a glass staining shop..It 
    is placed into the victims food,etc. 

    Potassium Cyanide.
    =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
    This is chemical is contained in appleseeds..To get it you must grind 
    up about 12 oz of apple seeds ..The effect is close to radiation 
    poisoning...It kills within 6 hours 

      
    Curare.
    =-=-=-=
    This substance is basically a ba28rd poison..It is various poisons 
    combined into a lethal dosage..It kills within 45 minutes. 

    Lead.
    =-=-=
    Although this material is very common it is also very deadly..Take 
    about 30-40 grams of lead shavings(dust) and put them in someone's 
    food.. It does wonders....<ack!> 

    Mercury. 
    =-=-=-=-
    Mercury is a highly deadly material that kills skin on contact...To 
    use most effectively,place about 20 grams wherever the victim might 
    place his hand or any other part of his body for that matter..Or 
    place it in his food supply...It to does wonders...<ack!> 
    
    Others (Unknown!)
    =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
    Although it is impossible to list all of the deadly substances here I 
    will show how to make contact poison... 

    (credit to Ima Hacker) take 3 no-fly pest strips (tm) place them in a 
    jar of turpentine overnight..In the morning scoop out the white/brown 
    gel at the bottom. 

    it kills in 60 seconds..Count 'em

    (again credit must go to Ima Hacker) 

    Highway Accidents??? 
    --------------------
    The following section describes various was to seriously harm the 
    occupant by destroying the victims car... 

    Explosions
    =-=-=-=-=-
    Take a film canister filled with liquid drano and drop it into the 
    gas tank...Do this just before your target enters his car...When he's 
    driving down the freeway or any other part of the HTS his car will 
    suddenly become engulfed in flame. 

    Carbon Monoxide (CO)
    =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
    Drill a small hole into the exhaust system of the victims car..From 
    it run a length of tubing into the passenger compartment..After 20 
    minutes he will fall onto the floor and most probably die when he 
    hits something. 

    Stuck Accelerator
    =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
    Find the victim's throttle cable and cut it..now follow the piece 
    coming out of the manifold..Now supposing you found where it 
    intersects the valve...There should be a small spring there that 
    keeps the valve closed...Cut it...push the valve open....clean 
    up...When Mr. Victim starts his car the engine will race. when he 
    shifts he should fly out of control down the roadway..until <KERASH> 
    
                  ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

    EFFECTIVE NECK-BREAKING TECHNIQUES 
    
                 *Crossneck* 

    This method will only work if you are much taller (1 1/2 - 2 feet) 
    than your target, or the target is sitting down (guards, teachers, 
    etc.) 

    Approach the target from the behind SLOWLY as not to startle, then 
    place your left arm around the neck, and the right arm across the 
    neck (over the left) and grab your upper-left arm with your right 
    arm.  Move the right arm upward sharply, and the left arm left firmly 
    around the neck.  Pop the neck out of the spinal cord, and separate 
    the head from the rest of the body. The neck should be quite 
    twistable now.  Damage the spinal cord, so the victim has little/no 
    hope for survival.  Don't even think about whipping out a knife.  
    
    This method is for killing without leaving a single mark.

                   *Throat demolition*

    When using this technique, be sure to rid your conscience of any 
    regrets while attempting this.  You will be staring your victim eye-
    to-eye, and you don't want to cower out.  Your victim will have a 
    scared-shitless look of "Why me?" They will look so innocent, it 
    might make you chicken out.  Check out "The Cypher's guide to the 
    elimination of the conscience" if you have these problems.  It could 
    mean the difference between life and death... 

    Creep up to your mark while they are leaning over (reading, loading 
    gun, etc.) Stare down at what they're doing by their RIGHT side, then 
    place the left arm around the neck from the underside. In other 
    words, extend the right arm under their chin, then reach back around 
    to the back of the head.  Grab the neck tightly, place your shoulder 
    on their chest, flip them over onto the table or floor, then punch 
    them AS HARD AS YOU CAN right in the throat. 

    I'm not sadistic (yeah, sure, you say,) and I am somewhat of an 
    animal lover, but a good way to practice this technique is with pigs.  
    Go down to any forestry project, and then find out where some of the 
    pigs are...  This will not be too hand to do.  Just look for severe 
    underbrush.  Wait, and they will come. Ambush from behind, and the 
    pigs neck is yours.  Im not sure if this kind of hunting is legal 
    (bare hands) but it is essential for proper exercises in the art of 
    the elimination of the conscience. 

                  ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

    EXPLOSIONS: Effective demolition.
    
    We will be using this brand of Pipe Bomb in most all of our 
    elimination exploits: 

    One 1 foot length of pipe (threaded) 
    two caps for the ends of the pipe. 
    one baby-food jar 
    about a baby-food jar full worth of vinegar 
    baking soda 
    some gravel 

    To construct the pipe bomb: 

    1. Cap one end of the pipe with a metal cap TIGHTLY! 
    2. Fill the baby-food jar with vinegar, cover, AND WIPE CLEAN! 
    3. Drop the baby-food jar into the pipe lightly as not to break, and 
    add some gravel. 
    4. Pour baking soda to the rim into the pipe bomb. 
    5. Cap the other end very tightly. 

    Synopsis: 

    Once you crack the pipe hard enough to break the baby food jar, it 
    will cause the baking soda to create such pressure, that it will 
    explode.  The explosion is more than effective.  Rumor has it that 
    when it was thrown into an old car, it blew the doors about ten feet 
    away, and the roof three feet into the air. When this device was 
    constructed by myself, I just stuck it under an old tree, and it was 
    removed. You have about five minutes to wait, so you might still have 
    time to acquire a quick alibi. 

    USING THE PIPE/PRESSURE BOMB 

    Someone you hate? Well, creep out of your house REAL LATE at night 
    (3-4:00) and walk up to their house. Crack it to start on the 
    driveway, and throw under the car.  Run home, then read the police 
    reports. Once you have been better acquainted with device, it can be 
    used to help you out.  Throw it under the stage of a play, or leave 
    it in the bathroom of your school, etc. 
    
    MOLOTOV COCKTAILS IMPROVED
    
    Well, the original Molotov cocktail was used differently..  Its not 
    REALLY improved, but its better this way.  Molotov created this 
    weapon in the Russian revolution (give them a taste of their own 
    medicine) and the formula was 50% gasoline, alcohol, and 50% oil.  
    With the oil, it sticks to what it hits. Much more effective... 

    MODIFYING MOST SEMI-AUTOMATICS 

    Whats this B.S. about spending $3000 for a full-auto kit?  All we did 
    was file down the firing pin, and it worked almost perfectly.  File 
    down the part by the springs that rubs against the tracks, so it is 
    free.  This works best with a good-old M-16, or most HK rifles. 

    SURVIVALIST PYROTECHNICS 

    It is almost imperative for the modern-day snow camper to carry 
    around a bit of gasoline (I know, only the shitbaits do that, but the 
    wind gets pretty rough out there) with you.  Once that much has been 
    done, you are ready for the Survivalist's bomb: in other files, the 
    GENERIC BOMB.  This bomb is infamous among bulletin boards, but 
    because it suits this method better, I call it the survivalist's bomb. 

    1 jar, pipe, etc. few drops of gasoline. a few drops of potassium 
    permanganate found in most all snakebite kits 

    I.   Put in a few drops of gas into the jar, pipe, etc... and coat 
    the surface inside. 

    II.  Once the gas has evaporated, put in a few drops of Pot. 
    Permangate, and close the jar shut. 

    Throw the jar at your target, or the truck under you, or into the 
    crowd at the mardi-gras and be far away.  This bomb will pack 1/2 
    stick of standard GCM dynamite.  Handy, indeed. 
                             
    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
        
                         Miscellaneous Nasties
                            By: Lex Luthor
    

                              FIREBOMBS

    Most fire bombs are simply gasoline filled bottles with a fuel 
    soaked rag in the mouth (the bottle's mouth, not yours). The original 
    Molotov cocktail, and still about the best, was a mixture of one part 
    gasoline and one part motor oil. The oil helps it to cling to what it 
    splatters on. 

    Some use one part roofing tar and one part gasoline. Fire bombs have 
    been found which were made by pouring melted wax into gasoline. 


                                NAPALM

    About the best fire bomb is napalm. It has a thick consistency, 
    like jam and is best for use on vehicles or buildings. 

    Napalms is simply one part gasoline and one part soap. The soap is 
    either soap flakes or shredded bar soap. Detergents won't do. 

    The gasoline must be heated in order for the soap to melt. The usual 
    way is with a double boiler where the top part has at least a two-
    quart capacity. The water in the bottom part is brought to a boil and 
    the double boiler is taken from the stove and carried to where there 
    is no flame. 

    Then one part, by volume, of gasoline is put in the top part and 
    allowed to heat as much as it will and the soap is added and the mess 
    is stirred until it thickens. A better way to heat gasoline is to 
    fill a bathtub with water as hot as you can get it. It will hold its 
    heat longer and permit a much larger container than will the double 
    boiler. 


                           MATCH HEAD BOMB

    Simple safety match heads in a pipe, capped at both ends, make a 
    devastating bomb. It is set off with a regular fuse 

    A plastic Baggie is put into the pipe before the heads go in to 
    prevent detonation by contact with the metal. 

    Cutting enough match heads to fill the pipe can be tedious work for 
    one but an evening's fun for the family if you can drag them away 
    from the TV. 


                       FUSE IGNITION FIRE BOMB

    A four strand homemade fuse is used for this. It burns like fury. 
    It is held down and concealed by a strip of bent tin cut from a can. 
    The exposed end of the fuse is dipped into the flare igniter. To use 
    this one, you light the fuse and hold the fire bomb until the fuse 
    has burned out of sight under the tin. Then throw it and when it 
    breaks, the burning fuse will ignite the contents. 

    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ 

    P Y R O M A N I A C   T E C H N I Q U E S  


    IMPACT GRENADES 

    1] MIX SOLID NITRIC IODINE WITH HOUSE-HOLD AMMONIA 
    2] WAIT OVERNIGHT 
    3] POUR OFF THE LIQUID 
    4] LET THE 'MUD' ON THE BOTTOM DRY...   (IT'S LIKE CONCRETE) 
    5] THROW IT AT SOMETHING!!! 

    SMOKE BOMBS 

    1] MIX :     3 PARTS SUGAR TO 6 PARTS EPSON SALTS 
    2] PUT IT IN A TINCAN (COFFEE CAN WILL DO) 
    3] HEAT IT OVER LOW FLAME (LIKE A CIGARETTE LIGHTER) 
    4] LET GEL AND HARDEN 
    5] PUT A MATCH IN AS A FUSE. 
    6] LIGHT IT AND RUN LIKE HELL........(4 POUNDS OF THE STUFF WILL FILL 
    A CITY 
    BLOCK WITH THICK WHITE SMOKE 

    MEDIUM-GRADE EXPLOSIVES 

    1] MIX :  7 PARTS POTASSIUM CHLORATE 
    1 PART VASELINE 
    2] TO IGNITE, USE AN ELECTRIC CHARGE OR   A FUSE. 

    CAR BOMB 

    1] PUT LIQUID DRANO INTO A PRESCRIPTION BOTTLE (THE SMALL BROWN PILL 
    BOTTLES) 
    2] CLOSE THE LID AND POP IT INTO THE GAS TANK (OR A BOTTLE OF 
    GASOLINE IF YOU   
     
    WANT TO MAKE A SIMPLE TIME-BOMB) 
    3] WAIT 5 MINUTES..... 
    4] RUN LIKE HELL 

    PLASTIC EXPLOSIVES 

    1] MIX :    2 PARTS VASELINE 1 PART GASOLINE 
    2] IGNITE IT WITH AN ELECTRIC CHARGE. 

    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
    
    L O C K   P I C K I N G                     


    SO YOU WANT TO BE A CRIMINAL. WELL, IF YOU ARE WANTING TO BE LIKE 
    JAMES BOND AND OPEN A LOCK IN FIFTEEN SECONDS, GO TO HOLLYWOOD 
    BECAUSE THAT'S THE ONLY PLACE YOUR GONNA DO IT. EVEN EXPERIENCED 
    LOCKSMITHS CAN SPEND 5 TO 10 MINUTES ON A LOCK IF THEY'RE UNLUCKY. IF 
    YOU ARE LOOKING FOR EXTREMELY QUICK ACCESS, LOOK ELSEWHERE. 
  
    THE FOLLOWING INSTRUCTIONS WILL PERTAIN MOSTLY TO THE "LOCK-IN-KNOB" 
    TYPE LOCK, SINCE IT IS THE EASIEST TO PICK. IF THERE IS SUFFICIENT 
    DEMAND, I WILL LATER WRITE A FILE DISCUSSING THE OTHER FORMS OF 
    ENTRANCE, INCLUDING DEAD-BOLT 

    FIRST OF ALL, YOU NEED A PICK SET. IF YOU KNOW A LOCKSMITH, GET HIM 
    TO MAKE YOU A SET. THIS WILL BE THE BEST POSSIBLE SET FOR YOU TO USE. 
    IF YOU FIND A LOCKSMITH WILLING TO SUPPLY A SET, DON'T GIVE UP HOPE. 
    IT IS POSSIBLE TO MAKE YOUR OWN, IF YOU HAVE ACCESS TO A GRINDER (YOU 
    CAN USE A FILE, BUT IT TAKES FOREVER.) 

    THE THING YOU NEED IS AN ALLEN WRENCH SET (VERY SMALL). THESE SHOULD 
    BE SMALL ENOUGH TO FIT INTO THE KEYHOLE SLOT. NOW, BEND THE LONG END 
    OF THE ALLEN WRENCH AT A SLIGHT ANGLE..(NOT 90 DEG.) IT SHOULD LOOK 
    SOMETHING LIKE THIS: 

  #1
       \\
        \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\s\\\\\\\         (THIS IS THE HANDLE
                                                 \\\    THAT WAS ALREADY
                                                  \\\   HERE.)
                                                   \\\
                                                    \\\
                                                     \\\

    NOW, TAKE YOUR PICK TO A GRINDER OR A FILE AND SMOOTH THE END (#1) 
    UNTIL IT'S ROUNDED SO IT WON'T HANG INSIDE THE LOCK.  TEST YOUR TOOL 
    OUT ON DOORKNOBS AT YOUR HOUSE TO SEE IF IT WILL SLIDE IN AND OUT 
    SMOOTHLY. 
 
    NOW, THIS IS WHERE THE SCREWDRIVER COMES IN. IS IT SMALL ENOUGH FOR 
    IT AND YOUR PICK TO BE USED IN THE SAME LOCK AT THE SAME TIME, ONE 
    ABOVE THE OTHER ? LETS HOPE SO, BECAUSE THAT'S THE ONLY WAY YOUR 
    GONNA OPEN IT. 

    IN THE COMING INSTRUCTIONS, PLEASE REFER TO THIS CHART OF THE 
    INTERIOR OF A LOCK: 

    XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX| K 
     #  #  #  #   #   #    | E 
        #     #   #   #    | Y 
     *     *               | sH
     *  *  *  *   *   *    | O
                           | L
                           | E
    XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX| 

    #= UPPER TUMLER PIN 
    *= LOWER TUMLER PIN 
    X= CYLINDER WALL 

    (THIS IS A GREATLY SIMPLIFIED DRAWING) 

    THE OBJECT IS TO PRESS THE PIN UP SO THAT THE SPAcE BETWEEN THE 
    UPPER PIN AND THE LOWER PIN IS LEVEL WITH THE CYLINDER WALL. NOW, IF 
    YOU PUSH A PIN UP, ITS TENDENCY IS TO FALL BACK DOWN, RIGHT ? THAT IS 
    WHERE THE SCREWDRIVER COMES IN. 
 
    INSERT THE SCREWDRIVER INTO THE SLOT AND TURN. THIS TENSION WILL KEEP 
    THE "SOLVED" PINS FROM FALLING BACK DOWN. NOW, WORK FROM THE BACK OF 
    THE LOCK TO THE FRONT, AND WHEN YOU'RE THROUGH..... 
    THERE WILL BE A CLICK, THE SCREWDRIVER WILL TURN FREELY, AND THE DOOR 
    WILL OPEN. DON'T GET DISCOURAGE ON YOUR FIRST TRY! IT WILL PROBABLY 
    TAKE YOU ABOUT 20-30 MINUTES YOUR FIRST TIME. AFTER THAT YOU WILL 
    QUICKLY IMPROVE WITH PRACTICE. 
 
    THIS IS BY NO MEANS THE MOST EFFICIENT WAY OF ENTERING A HOUSE. IF 
    YOU WOULD LIKE ANOTHER ITEM OR TWO DEVOTED TO THESE OTHER WAYS, LET 
    THE SYSOP KNOW. 

    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
    
           How to Make a Land mine
                     by
           Merlin and Black knight

    First you need to get a push button switch... take the wires of it 
    and connect one to a 9 volt battery connector and the other to a 
    solar igniter (if you can't get that then use a thin piece of stereo 
    wire). 

    Connect the other wire of the 9 volt connector to to the other end of 
    the solar igniter (stereo wire). 

    Now... connect the end of a fuse (of a pipe bomb, M80, whatever has a 
    fuse) to the solar igniter... 

    Dig a hole... not to deep but enough to cover all the materials. 
    Think about what direction your enemy will coming from and plant the 
    switch, but leave the button visible (not to visible). Plant the 
    explosive about 3 feet from the switch because there will be a delay 
    in the explosion. And when your enemy steps on it... 
       B  O  O  M  !  !  !
       -------------------
    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
    
    H I G H W A Y   R A D A R   J A M M I N G

    Most drivers wanting to make better time on the open road will arm 
    themselves with an expensive radar detector.  However this device 
    will not work against a gun type radar unit in which the radar signal 
    is not present until the cop has you car in his sights and pull the 
    trigger. Then it is too late to slow down. 
   
    A better method is to continuously jam any signal with a radar signal 
    of your own. I have tested this idea with the cooperation of a local 
    cop and found that his unit reads random numbers when your car 
    approached him. It is surprisingly easy to make a low power radar 
    transmitter.  A nifty little semiconductor called a Gunn diode will 
    generate microwaves when supplied with 5 to 10 vdc and enclosed in 
    the correct size cavity (resonator). An 8 to 3 terminal regulator can 
    be used to get this voltage from a car's system.  However the correct 
    construction and tuning of the cavity is difficult without good 
    microwave measurement equipment.  Police radars commonly operate on 
    the K band at 22 ghz. or more often on the X band at 10.525 ghz.  
    
    Most microwave intruder alarms and motion detectors (mounted over 
    automatic doors in supermarkets, etc.) contain a Gunn type 
    transmitter/receiver combination that transmits about 10 milliwatts 
    at 10.525 ghz.  These units work perfectly as jammers.  If you can't 
    get one locally write to Microwave Associates in Burlington, Mass. 
    and ask for info on "Gunnplexers" for ham radio use.  When you get 
    the unit it may be mounted in a plastic box on the dash or in a 
    weatherproof enclosure behind the plastic grille.  Switch on the 
    power when on the open highway.  The unit will not jam radar to the 
    side of behind the car so don't go speeding past the radar trap. 
  
    An interesting phenomena you will notice is that drivers in front of 
    you who are using detectors will hit their brakes as you approach 
    large metal signs or bridges.  Your signal is bouncing off these 
    objects and triggering their detectors. 
               Have fun... Cryton

    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
    
    FIREWORKS
    
    OK, SO YOU WANT TO KNOW HOW TO MAKE YOUR OWN FIREWORKS?  NOTE: ALL 
    THE AMOUNTS GIVEN IN THESE DIRECTIONS ARE IN PARTS BY WEIGHT.  DO NOT 
    USE PARTS BY VOLUME (LIKE TEASPOONS OR SOMETHING), OR ELSE YOU COULD 
    HAVE A SERIOUS PROBLEM. ALWAYS MIX THESE CHEMICALS BY SHAKING THEM ON 
    A SHEET OF PAPER OR SOMETHING. IF YOU GRIND THEM, STIR THEM, ETC. 
    THEY COULD EXPLODE IN YOUR FACE!(AFTER ALL, I DON'T WANT YOU TO KILL 
    YOURSELF WHILE DOING THIS!) 

    FUSE: 
    
    1. DISSOLVE AS MUCH POTASSIUM NITRATE AS YOU CAN IN ABOUT A PINT OF 
    WATER AT ROOM TEMPERATURE. 
    
    2. SOAK 5-6 INCH PIECES OF STRING OR PAPER IN THIS SOLUTION AND LET 
    THEM DRY. 

    3. LIGHT THE FIREWORKS WITH THE STRING OR A PIECE OF PAPER ROLLED 
    INTO A TIGHT TUBE. 

    FLASH POWDER:      
    
    1. MIX:  1 PARTS POWDERED MAGNESIUM METAL and 4 PARTS POWDERED POTASSIUM 
    NITRATE. 
    
    2. IGNITE WITH A VERY LONG FUSE.  THIS STUFF EXPLODES WITH A HUGE 
    WHITE FLASH, AND MAY BE BRIGHT ENOUGH TO SCREW UP YOUR EYES IF YOU 
    LOOK STRAIGHT AT IT. 

    "SNAKES":  
    
    1. MIX:  5 PARTS POTASSIUM NITRATE 
            10 PARTS POTASSIUM DICHROMATE
             5 PARTS REGULAR SUGAR
 
    2. MIX THESE POWDERS WITH ENOUGH MUCILAGE OF ACACIA (THAT GOOEY 
    BROWN GLUE YOU CAN GET AT A DRUGSTORE) SO THAT YOU CAN MOLD THEM INTO 
    CONES ABOUT 1/2 AN INCH HIGH. 
        
    3. WHEN DRY, LIGHT THE TIPS OF THE CONES WITH A MATCH. 

    FOUNTAIN #1: 
    
    1. MIX:  1 PART POWDERED MAGNESIUM METAL 
             1 PART POWDERED IRON METAL
             1 PART POWDERED ZINC METAL
             1 PART ANTIMONY SULFIDE
             1 PART POWDERED CHARCOAL
             1 PART POWDERED SULFUR
             1 PART LYCOPODIUM POWDER
             1 PART POWDERED SUGAR
             1 PART POTASSIUM NITRATE

    2. COAT A CARDBOARD TUBE AND PLUG THE BOTTOM WITH PLASTER OF PARIS 
    (THIS IS SO IT WON'T BURN). 

    3. FILL THE TUBE WITH THE MIXTURE, INSERT A FUSE, AND LIGHT IT.

    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
    
    NASTY TRAPS

    Traps are the vital part of any assassin's strategy. So if you are 
    going to be a dealer of death you must learn the art of trap 
    building..          
    
    All traps don't have to kill, the following traps are made to wound 
    the victim and make the kill easier...                                     
                                                                            
    Trap #1-Foot trap                                                        
    -----------------                                                        
    You will need the following items:                                       
    
    1) 8-10 bungi sticks about 7 inches long each. [Note]: Bungi sticks 
    are just sticks that have one end sharpened to a point. I  you want 
    to get fancy 1-1/2 inch dowel works great!              
    
    2) A shovel                                                                
   
    3) A victim                                                                
                                                                           
    First off pick a spot where the victim will walk that is soft ground 
    or dirt. Then proceed to dig a hole about 2-3 feet deep and about 2 
    feet in diameter. Once the hole is dug take the bungi sticks and line 
    the hole with them so that they are pointing downward at an angle 
    like this:             
       
    hole wall--> !\ <--bungi stick--> /! <--hole wall                    
                 !\                   /!                                 
                 !---------------------!                                 
   
    Cover the hole to match the ground cover (use twigs and leaves with      
    dirt or whatever matches on top) and find a nice hiding spot. When 
    the victim steps into the hole the stakes will do nothing to him but 
    maybe snag his pants, but when he tries to remove his foot he will be 
    going against the stake and they will drive into his ankle...                               
    
    [P.S.]-For a nice touch you could also put the stakes on the hole 
    floor... 
                                                                            
    Trap #2-Light Bulb Trap                                                  
    -----------------------                                                  
    To make this trap work you must have access inside the victim's house 
    and it helps if you don't like them very much. To start get a bottle 
    of ammonia, and put some in a sealable container that it won't eat 
    through. Next, acquire a medical syringe. Go to the house  of the 
    victim and get into a room by yourself. Go to the nearest lamp or 
    light fixture that has a light bulb in it and remove the light bulb. 
    Make sure the lamp or socket is turned OFF.
    
    Fill the syringe with the ammonia and make a small puncture in the 
    light bulb.  It may sound impossible but it's actually pretty easy. 
    Once you have the ammonia touching the filament in the light bulb 
    stop injecting and replace the bulb. Leave the room and try and stay 
    out of there until the light is turned on. When it is turned on the 
    red hot filament and the ammonia do all sorts of fun stuff!!.... 
    
    
    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
    
    BLASTING GELIGNITE 

    To try and tell you about the potency and danger of this stuff, I 
    want you to know that one time some friends of mine and I (Disk 
    Slasher, Romper Stomper) were very careful and made some of this 
    stuff. After it was made, we were scared as shit of it and carried it 
    on a ten foot pole. (literally!) Near to my house there is a club 
    that has a Coke machine outside. So we went over there at about 3 in 
    the morning and stuck this stuff all over the Coke Machine and set it 
    off. The whole Coke Machine damn near split in two (well anyway the 
    front door was blown off) and the Cokes and money came spilling out 
    We helped ourselves to both and got the hell out of there which was 
    good because the police and fire department were there in about 15 
    minutes because all the people around that the blast had waken up had 
    called them because they thought there was a fire or something. So if 
    you make this stuff (Which we don't endorse you doing) BE CAREFUL! 
    
    The Recipe: 

    Note: None of these items are too hard to get but you damn well 
    better not think that this stuff is not powerful because of that. if 
    you think that, you had better get prepared to lose part of your 
    body. 

    Further Note: A step marked with a star '*' should be done behind a 
    blast shield of some kind. We used a big sheet of plexiglas. 

         Stuff you need

    1) 50 parts water 
    
    2) 20 parts sugar (provides oxygen) 
    
    3)  1 part  baking soda 4)  5 parts Corn Flakes (I'm not kidding, 
    this is VITAL as a stabilizing agent) 

    5) 30 parts Charcoal (Very finely ground Fish tank charcoal- No 
    Barbecue charcoal) 

    6) 10 parts Sulphur (You can sometimes get this at grocery stores 
    [especially Kroger] in the drug section) 

    7) 30 parts Saltpetre (You can also get this at grocery stores 
    sometimes. Kroger is the only one I know of but there might be others. 
    get it in the drug section.) 
    
    8) A Jar of Vaseline 
    
     The Actions...

    1) Get a deep metal pan to cook over the stove on and put the water 
    in it. Stir in the sugar until it all dissolves. if you can't get all 
    of the sugar to dissolve, add more water until all of the sugar has 
    dissolved. Now stir in the baking soda until it dissolves. if you 
    can't get all of the baking soda to dissolve, don't worry about it, 
    just leave it. 

    2) Heat the pan over a medium flame (You don't need to stir) until it 
    begins to boil. Now stir in the corn flakes until they are all in 
    water and the whole thing begins to look like hot breakfast cereal. 
    let the mixture sit on the burner until it begins to boil again. 
    (This could be a long time or it could be a very short time depending 
    on the water and the elevation, etc.) 

    3) As soon as the mixture begins to boil, stir it constantly until it 
    is a sludgy mass that is sort of half solid and half liquid. 

    4) Now dump this mixture out onto a greased cookie pan (so it doesn't 
    stick) It should be just solid enough to almost stay in a lump. Now 
    mix in the Charcoal and the Sulphur. If it gets really gritty, don't 
    worry. Just mix it together as well as you can. Now stick in the oven 
    at 150 degrees. Make sure that is 150 degrees. if it is much higher, 
    this stuff will burn up in your oven and take your whole house with 
    it. Constantly monitor the pan until all of the sludge is baked dry 
    and has no wetness in it at all. 

    * 5) Get the pan out of the oven when it is ready and  put it in the 
    refrigerator or let it cool down by itself (The refrigerator is 
    faster). Now take it out of the pan and pound it into dust. This 
    might need to be done behind a blast shield because even though I 
    have heard that it can't blow up or burn up if it is cool at this 
    stage, When I pounded up my batch I made some sparks and so I got a 
    blast shield just in case. 

    * 6) When you have the dust. put it in a tupperware or something like 
    that and put it, the saltpetre, and the vaseline in the fridge until 
    they are all cold. This definitely needs to be done behind a blast 
    shield as this is the part where it gets very unstable. Get a cooler 
    and fill it with ice and put an open container in the ice but don't 
    let ice get in the container. Mix all of the dust and saltpetre 
    together. Get a big glob of vaseline and get it nice and soft and 
    quickly mix as much of the dust into it as you can. If the mixture 
    get above about 35 degrees Celcius, it will blow up so try to not 
    keep it in your hands too long (I definitely advise wearing gloves to 
    keep your hands from heating the mixture.) When you have mixed all of 
    the dust possible into the lump of vaseline, drop it into the 
    container in the cooler and get some more vaseline and make a new 
    lump. When all of the dust is gone, close the container and put it in 
    the fridge. When you want it to blow up (And it will blow up big!) 
    just get it hot. We did both by sticking firecrackers in it and 
    lighting them and running like hell (Very Dangerous!) and by model 
    rocket ignition system model rocket igniters which we stuck in the 
    stuff. 


    If you are crazy and stupid enough to do this, then watch out! it is 
    a good way to hurt yourself. 

    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
    

                Car Fun

           BY: System Crusher

    Ok you real sick bastards so your so called friend screwed you right 
    so do we get mad??? Of course not JUST EVEN!! Now say he just got a 
    car or has a good one as it is gee let's see what fun we can have 
    with it: 

    FLAME THROWER 
    ============= 

    Take a cup of gas and poor it down the exhaust pipe when the dude 
    starts it **POOF** he has a 30 foot flame thrower Now that doesn't do 
    anything that's just to make the guy shit in his pants. 

    PRETTY DESIGNS 
    ============== 

    Ok now take his windshield wiper and attach some tacks to it Gee what 
    pretty designs they leave on the car window when he turns then on. 
    lets see: 

    
    POTATO TRICK 
    ============ 

    Just take your average potato and stuff it in someone's exhaust 
    pipe.The car wont start if there somewhere else they will have to get 
    it towed.If there stupid they will have to ask a mechanic Ok they 
    will probably have to go to a mechanic and ask to get it out boy wont 
    they ever look stupid! and cost them $$$$$ or a pain in the ass to do 
    it themselves.. 

    Nitro triodide 
    ============== 

    I saw a message on this its the ammonia and iodine mixture well you 
    take the shit and smear it on the tire treads and when he pulls out 
    **BOOM**. 

        -=>System Crusher<=-

    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
    
    CHEMICAL IGNITERS FROM THE BOOK: 

    THE POOR MAN'S JAMES BOND BY KURT SAXON 

    CHEMICAL DELAY IGNITERS HAVE ALWAYS BEEN POPULAR WITH THE MORE 
    VERSATILE MILITANTS. THE MOST COMMON SUCH IGNITER IS THE SULFURIC 
    ACID-POTASSIUM CHLORATE AND SUGAR GOODY. 

    THE IGNITER IS A MIXTURE OF HALF POTASSIUM CHLORATE AND HALF 
    GRANULATED SUGAR. IT BURSTS INTO FLAME WITH THE APPLICATION OF A DROP 
    OF SULFURIC ACID. 

    THE IDEA IS TO PUT SOME OF THE MIXTURE INTO A GLASS OR PLASTIC TUBE 
    AND THEN STUFF IN SOME COTTON, OR PAPER. SOME ACID IS THEN PUT INTO 
    THE TUBE WITH A MEDICINE DROPPER, BOUGHT AT A DRUG OR HOBBY STORE. 

    THE ACID IS SUPPOSED TO SEEP SLOWLY THROUGH THE BARRIER AND FINALLY 
    IGNITE THE MIXTURE. THE BAD THING ABOUT THIS SYSTEM IS THAT IT OFTEN 
    DOESN'T WORK OR IT WORKS TOO FAST. 

    WHEN SULFURIC ACID EATS THROUGH VEGETABLE MATTER THERE IS A REACTION 
    OF GREAT HEAT. THIS IS OFTEN ENOUGH TO BREAK THE GLASS TUBINGOR MELT 
    A PLASTIC DRINKING STRAW AND CAN STOP THE ACTION RIGHT THERE. 

    IF THE GLASS TUBING HOLDS, THE ACID STILL LOSES ITS POTENCY AS IT 
    REACTS WITH THE VEGETABLE MATTER AND THAT WHICH REACHES THE MIXTURE 
    MAY BE TOO WEAK. 

    THE WORST THING THAT CAN HAPPEN, HOWEVER, IS THAT IT WILL WORK TOO 
    FAST. THE ACID CAN EAT THROUGH THE BARRIER IN SECONDS INSTEAD OF THE 
    MINUTES YOU THINK YOU HAVE. 

    THIS COULD BE DISASTROUS IF YOU LOITERED IN THE AREA FOR A MINUTE TO 
    AVOID LOOKING SUSPICIOUS. IF YOU ARMED THE DEVICE BEFORE GOING INTO 
    THE TARGET AREA, YOU MIGHT NOT EVEN GET THERE. 

    TO AVOID SUCH HANGUPS YOU SHOULD USE A NON-REACTIVE BARRIER SUCH AS 
    ASBESTOS FIBERS, BOUGHT FROM ANY BUILDING SUPPLY STORE. THE ACID WILL 
    SEEP THROUGH THE ASBESTOS FIBERS, MAKING HEAT AND WITH-OUT LOSING ITS 
    POTENCY. AND SINCE IT DOESN'T EAT THE ASBESTOS, IT CAN BE TIMED WITH 
    MUCH MORE CERTAINTY, WHICH MAKES IT SAFER AND MORE SURE. 

    POWDERED HIGHWAY6 FLARE IGNITER CAN BE SUBSTITUTED FOR THE POTASSIUM 
    CHLORATE-SUGAR MIXTURE.  IT IS OVER HALF POTASSIUM CHLORATE AND IS 
    SIMPLER. IN FACT, IF THE PLASTIC STRAW IS PUSHED OVER A FUSE COATED 
    WITH FLARE IGNITER, THE FUSE NEEDS NO OTHER IGNITE R. 

    ANOTHER CHEMICAL IGNITION DEVICE USES GLYCERINE TO REACT WITH 
    POTASSIUM PERMANGANATE. POTASSIUM PERMANGANATE IS A RELATIVELY STABLE 
    OXYGENATOR AND CAN EASILY BE BOUGHT AT THE DRUG STORE. IT IS ALSO 
    USED FOR STAINING MICROSCOPE SPECIMENS, DISINFECTING FISH TANKS. 

    THE POTASSIUM PERMANGANATE IS GROUND TO A POWDER AND MIXED WITH THE 
    SAME AMOUNT OF FUSE POWDER AND MIXED WITH THE SAME AMOUNT OF FUSE 
    POWDER OR THE HIGHWAY FLARE IGNITER. COTTON CAN BE USED AS A BARRIER 
    AS IT DOESN'T REACT WITH GLYCERINE. 

    AT LEAST AN INCH OF GLYCERINE IS PUT INTO THE TUBE, ESPECIALLY IF YOU 
    USE A BARRIER. WHEN IT REACHES THE MIXTURE IT TAKES FROM THREE TO 
    FIVE MINUTES FOR THE IGNITION TO TAKE PLACE. 

    IF THE IGNITER IS POTASSIUM CHLORATE AND SUGAR OR FLARE IGNITER OR 
    POTASSIUM PERMANGANATE, IT NEEDS A BARRIER TO KEEP IT IN PLACE. TO 
    MAKE SURE THE FIRE TRAIN BURNS PAST THE BARRIER TO THE FUSE, THE 
    BARRIER SHOULD BE FLAMMABLE. TO MAKE MATERIAL FOR THIS BARRIER, MIX 
    COTTON WITH WET FUSE POWDER OR FLARE IGNITER.  THEN DRY IT AND PULL 
    OFF PINCHES AS NEEDED. 

    TO ARM THESE DEVICES A MEDICINE DROPPER FILLED WITH ACID OR GLYCERINE 
    CAN BE CARRIED UP-ENDED IN A TEST TUBE IN THE SHIRT POCKET. A PLASTIC 
    FELT-TIP MARKER WITH A CLIP TO HOLD IT UPRIGHT IN THE POCKET CAN BE 
    USED INSTEAD OF THE TEST TUBE.  IT IS SIMPLY HOLLOWED OUT AND THE 
    DROPPER FITS IN NICELY. 

    TO AVOID BURNED FINGERS, A STRING IS TIED TO THE DROPPER SO IT CAN BE 
    PULLED OUT OF THE CONTAINER. 

    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
    
    The Chemist's Corner Article #1: Explosives By Zaphod Beeblebrox/MPG 

    This article deals with the instructions for creating some dangerous 
    explosives. If you intend to make any of these explosives, do so in 
    SMALL AMOUNTS ONLY, as they are all dangerous and could seriously 
    injure or kill you if done in larger amounts. If you don't know 
    anything about chemistry, DON'T DO THESE EXPERIMENTS! I am not joking 
    in giving this warning. Unless you have a death wish, you shouldn't 
    try any of the following unless you have had prior experience with 
    chemicals. 

    I am not responsible for any injury or damage caused by people using 
    this information. It is provided for use by people knowledge in 
    chemistry who are interested in such experiments and can safely 
    handle such experiments. 
    
    I. Common "weak" explosives. 

    A. Gunpowder: 

     75% Potassium Nitrate
     15% Charcoal
     10% Sulfur

    The chemicals should be ground into a fine powder (separately!) with 
    a mortar and pestle. If gunpowder is ignited in the open, it burns 
    fiercely, but if in a closed space it builds up pressure from the 
    released gases and can explode the container. Gunpowder works like 
    this: the potassium nitrate oxidizes the charcoal and sulfur, which 
    then burn fiercely. Carbon dioxide and sulfur dioxide are the gases 
    released. 

    B. Ammonal: 

    Ammonal is a mixture of ammonium nitrate (a strong oxidizer) with 
    aluminum powder (the 'fuel' in this case). I am not sure of the % 
    composition for Ammonal, so you may want to experiment a little using 
    small amounts. 

    C. Chemically ignited explosives: 

    1. A mixture of 1 part potassium chlorate to 3 parts table sugar 
    (sucrose) burns fiercely and brightly (similar to the burning of 
    magnesium) when 1 drop of concentrated sulfuric acid is placed on it. 
    What occurs is this: when the acid is added it reacts with the 
    potassium chlorate to form chlorine dioxide, which explodes on 
    formation, burning the sugar as well. 

    2. Using various chemicals, I have developed a mixture that works 
    very well for imitating volcanic eruptions. I have given it the name 
    'MPG Volcanite' (tm). Here it is: potassium chlorate + potassium 
    perchlorate + ammonium nitrate + ammonium dichromate + potassium 
    nitrate + sugar + sulfur + iron filings + charcoal + zinc dust + some 
    coloring agent. (scarlet= strontium nitrate, purple= iodine crystals, 
    yellow= sodium chloride, crimson= calcium chloride, etc...). 
  
    3. So, do you think water puts out fires? In this one, it starts it. 
    Mixture: ammonium nitrate + ammonium chloride + iodine + zinc dust. 
    When a drop or two of water is added, the ammonium nitrate forms 
    nitric acid which reacts with the zinc to produce hydrogen and heat. 
    The heat vaporizes the iodine (giving off purple smoke) and the 
    ammonium chloride (becomes purple when mixed with iodine vapor). It 
    also may ignite the hydrogen and begin burning. 

     Ammonium nitrate: 8 grams
     Ammonium choride: 1 gram
     Zinc dust: 8 grams
     Iodine crystals: 1 gram

    4. Potassium permanganate + glycerine when mixed produces a purple-
    colored flame in 30 secs-1 min. Works best if the potassium 
    permanganate is finely ground. 

    5. Calcium carbide + water releases acetylene gas (highly flammable 
    gas used in blow torches...) 

    II. Thermite reaction. 

    The Thermite reaction is used in welding, because it generates molten 
    iron and temperatures of 3500 C (6000F+). It uses one of the previous 
    reactions that I talked about to START it! 

    Starter=potassium chlorate + sugar 
    Main pt.= iron (III) oxide + aluminum powder (325 mesh or finer) 

    Put the potassium chlorate + sugar around and on top of the main pt. 
    To start the reaction, place one drop of concentrated sulfuric acid 
    on top of the starter mixture. STEP BACK! The ratios are: 3 parts 
    iron (III) oxide to 1 part aluminum powder to 1 part potassium 
    chlorate to 1 part sugar. When you first do it, try 3g:1g:1g:1g! 
    Also, there is an alternative starter for the Thermite reaction. The 
    alternative is potassium permanganate + glycerine. Amounts: 55g iron 
    (III) oxide, 15g aluminum powder, 25g potassium permanganate, 6ml 
    glycerine. 

    III. Nitrogen-containing high explosives. 

    A. Mercury(II) Fulminate 

    To produce Mercury(II) Fulminate, a very sensitive shock explosive, 
    one might assume that it could be formed by adding Fulminic acid to 
    mercury. This is somewhat difficult since Fulminic acid is very 
    unstable and cannot be purchased. I did some research and figured out 
    a way to make it without fulminic acid. You add 2 parts nitric acid 
    to 2 parts alcohol to 1 part mercury. This is theoretical (I have not 
    yet tried it) so please, if you try this, do it in very small amounts 
    and tell me the results. 

    B. Nitrogen Triiodide 

    Nitrogen Triiodide is a very powerful and very shock sensitive 
    explosive. Never store it and be careful when you're around it- 
    sound, air movements, and other tiny things could set it off. 

    Materials-

    2-3g Iodine 
    15ml concentrated ammonia 
    8 sheets filter paper 
    50ml beaker 
    feather mounted on a two meter pole 
    ear plugs 
    tape 
    spatula 
    stirring rod 

    Add 2-3g Iodine to 15ml ammonia in the 50ml beaker. Stir, let stand 
    for 5 minutes. 

    DO THE FOLLOWING WITHIN 5 MINUTES! 

    Retain the solid, decant the liquid (pour off the liquid but keep the 
    brown solid...). Scape the brown residue of Nitrogen Triiodide onto a 
    stack of four sheets of filter paper. Divide solid into four parts, 
    putting each on a separate sheet of dry filter paper. Tape in 
    position, leave to dry undisturbed for AT LEAST 30 minutes 
    (preferably longer). To detonate, touch with feather. (WEAR EAR 
    PLUGS WHEN DETONATING OR COVER EARS- IT IS VERY LOUD!) 

    C. Cellulose Nitrate (Guncotton) 

    Commonly known as Smokeless powder, Nitrocellulose is exactly that- 
    it does not give off smoke when it burns. 

    Materials-
    70ml concentrated sulfuric acid 
    30ml concentrated nitric acid 
    5g absorbent cotton 
    250ml 1M sodium bicarbonate 
    250ml beaker 
    ice bath 
    tongs 
    paper towels 

    Place 250ml beaker in the ice bath, add 70ml sulfuric acid, 30 ml 
    nitric acid. Divide cotton into .7g pieces. With tongs, immerse each 
    piece in the acid solution for 1 minute. Next, rinse each piece in 3 
    successive baths of 500ml water. Use fresh water for each piece. Then 
    immerse in 250ml 1M sodium bicarbonate. If it bubbles, rinse in water 
    once more until no bubbling occurs. Squeeze dry and spread on paper 
    towels to dry overnight. 

      
    IV. Other stuff 

    A. Peroxyacetone 

    Peroxyacetone is extremely flammable and has been reported to be 
    shock sensitive. 

    Materials-
    4ml Acetone 
    4ml 30% Hydrogen Peroxide
    4 drops concentrated hydrochloric acid 
    150mm test tube 

    Add 4ml acetone and 4ml hydrogen peroxide to the test tube. Then add 
    4 drops concentrated hydrochloric acid. In 10-20 minutes a white 
    solid should begin to appear. If no change is observed, warm the test 
    tube in a water bath at 40 celsius. Allow the reaction to continue 
    for two hours. Swirl the slurry and filter it. Leave out on filter 
    paper to dry for at least two hours. To ignite, light a candle tied 
    to a meter stick and light it (while staying at least a meter away). 

    B. Smoke smoke smoke... 

    The following reaction should produce a fair amount of smoke. Since 
    this reaction is not all that dangerous you can use larger amounts if 
    necessary for larger amounts of smoke. 

    6g zinc powder 
    1g sulfur powder 

    Insert a red hot wire into the pile, step back. A lot of smoke should 
    be created. 

    There are many other experiments I could have included, but I will 
    save them for the next Chemist's Corner article. Upcoming articles 
    will include Glow-in-the-dark reactions, 'party' reactions, things 
    you can do with household chemicals, and more... 

    I would like to give credit to a book by Shakashari entitled 
    "Chemical Demonstrations" for a few of the precise amounts of 
    chemicals in some experiments. 

                    ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
    
    HOME MADE CHEMICAL EXPERIMENTS
            
    This article deals with instructions on how to do some interesting 
    experiment with common household chemicals. Some may or may not work 
    depending on the concentration of certain chemicals in different 
    areas and brands. I would suggest that the person doing these 
    experiments have some knowledge of chemistry, especially for the more 
    dangerous experiments. 

    I am not responsible for any injury or damage caused by people using 
    this information. It is provided for use by people knowledge in 
    chemistry who are interested in such experiments and can safely 
    handle such experiments. 
            

    I. A list of household chemicals and their composition 

    Vinegar: 3-5% acetic acid 
    Baking soda: sodium bicarbonate 
    Drain cleaners: sodium hydroxide 
    Sani-flush: 75% sodium bisulfate 
    Ammonia water: ammonium hydroxide 
    Citrus fruit: citric acid 
    Table salt: sodium chloride 
    Sugar: sucrose 
    Milk of Magnesia- magnesium hydroxide 
    Tincture of iodine- 47% alcohol, 4% iodine 
    Rubbing alcohol- 70 or 99% (depends on brand) isopropyl alcohol (DO NOT 
    DRINK!) etc... 
    
    [1] Generating chlorine gas 

    Dangerous! You should know what you're doing before you try this... 

    Ever wonder why ammonia bottles always say 'DO NOT mix with chlorine 
    bleach, and vice-versa? That's because if you mix ammonia water with 
    Ajax or something like it, it will give off chlorine gas. To capture 
    it, get a large bottle and put Ajax in the bottom. Then pour some 
    ammonia down into the bottle. Since the chlorine is heavier than air, 
    it will stay down in there unless you use large amounts of either 
    Ajax or ammonia (DON'T!). For something fun to do with chlorine stay 
    tuned.... 

    [2] Chlorine + turpentine 

    Take a small cloth or rag and soak it in turpentine. Quickly drop it 
    into the bottle of chlorine. It should give off a lot of black smoke 
    and probably start burning... 

    [3] Generating hydrogen gas

    To generate hydrogen, all you need is an acid and a metal that will 
    react with that acid. Try vinegar (acetic acid) with zinc, aluminum, 
    magnesium, etc. You can collect hydrogen in something if you note 
    that it is lighter than air... Light a small amount and it burns with 
    a small *pop*. Another way of creating hydrogen is by the 
    electrolysis of water. This involves separating water (H2O) into 
    hydrogen and oxygen by an electric current. To do this, you need a 6-
    12 volt battery, two test tubes, a large bowl, two carbon electrodes 
    (take them out of an unworking 6-12 volt battery), and table salt. 
    Dissolve the salt in a large bowl full of water. Submerge the two 
    test tubes in the water and put the electrodes inside them, with the 
    mouth of the tube a iming down. Connect the battery to some wire 
    going down to the electrodes. This s will work for a while, but 
    chlorine will be generated along with the oxygen which will 
    undoubtedly corrode your copper wires leading to the carbon 
    electrodes... (the table salt is broken up into chlorine and sodium 
    ions, the chlorine comes off as a gas with oxygen while sodium reacts 
    with the water to form sodium hydroxide....). Therefore, if you can 
    get your hands on some sulfuric acid, use it instead. It will not 
    affect the reaction other than making the water conduct electricity. 


    [4] Hydrogen + chlorine 

    Take the test tube of hydrogen and cover the mouth with your thumb. 
    Keep it inverted, and bring it near the bottle of chlorine (not one 
    that has reacted with turpentine). Say "goodbye test tube", and drop 
    it into the bottle. The hydrogen and chlorine should react and 
    possibly explode (depending on purity and amount of each gas). An 
    interesting thing about this is they will not react if it is dark and 
    no heat or other energy is around. When a light is turned on, enough 
    energy is present to cause them to react... 

    [5] Preparation of oxygen 

    Get some hydrogen peroxide (from a drug store) and manganese dioxide 
    (from a battery- it's a black powder). Mix the two in a bottle, and 
    they give off oxygen. If the bottle is stoppered, pressure will build 
    up and shoot it off. Try lighting a wood splint and sticking it (when 
    only glowing) into the bottle. The oxygen will make it burst into 
    flame. Experiment with it. The oxygen will allow things to burn 
    better... 

    [6] Alcohol

    Buy some rubbing alcohol in a drug store. Usually this is either 70% 
    or 99% alcohol and burns just great. You can soak a towel in water 
    and then in alcohol, light the towel, and when it finishes burning 
    the alcohol, the flame should g o out and leave the towel unharmed. 
    Nice for "party tricks", etc. 

    [7] Iodine 

    Tincture of iodine contains mainly alcohol and a little iodine. To 
    separate them, put the tincture of iodine in a metal lid to a bottle 
    and heat it over a candle. Have a stand holding another metal lid 
    directly over the tincture (about 4-6 inches above it) with ice on 
    top of it. The alcohol should evaporate, and the iodine should 
    sublime, but should reform iodine crystals on the cold metal lid 
    directly above. If this works (I haven't tried), you can use the 
    iodine along with household ammonia to form Nitrogen Triiodide 
    (discussed in article #1). 

    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ 
    
    CONTACT EXPLOSIVES


    PETROLEUM JELLY AND POTASSIUM CHLORATE IN A 1 TO 1 RATIO BY WEIGHT 
    MAKES A TOTALLY SAFE WHEN WET COMPOUND BUT IS HIGHLY EXPLOSIVE AND 
    SHOCK SENSITIVE WHEN DRY. 
    
    3 GRAMS OF POTASSIUM IODIDE 5 GRAMS OF IODINE IN A BEAKER WITH 50ML 
    OF WATER MIXED ALL TOGETHER. ADD 20ML OF AMMONIUM HYDROXIDE (AMMONIA 
    WATER 10%) FILTER AND THE RESULTING SOLID IS CALLED NITROGEN 
    TRIIODIDE. WHEN WET IS VERY SAFE BUT UPON DRYING BECOMES VERY 
    EXPLOSIVE AND SHOCK SENSITIVE, TO THE POINT OF A FEATHER SETTING IT 
    OFF. 
    
    TO SET OFF THE ABOVE EXPLOSIVES ALL YOU REALLY NEED TO DO IS PUT SOME 
    OF THE MIXTURE ON OR IN SOMETHING AND THEN DROP IT SORT OF LIKE AN 
    IMPACT BOMB. IT EXPLODES ON IMPACT WITH ANOTHER OBJECTS 

    [-][-][-][-][-][-][-][-][-][-][-][-][-]
    
    HERE IS A MIXTURE FOR GREAT SMOKE BOMBS 4 PARTS OF SUGAR TO 6 PARTS 
    POTASSIUM NITRATE (SALT PETER). HEAT OVER LOW FLAME UNTIL IT MELTS, 
    STIR WELL.  POUR IT INTO FUTURE CONTAINER. BEFORE IT SOLIDIFIES, IMBED 
    A FEW MATCHES AS FUSES INTO THE MIXTURE.  ONE LB. FILLS A BLOCK 
    NICELY WITH THICK WHITE SMOKE. 
 
    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
    
    ELECTRONIC TERRORISM 

    It starts when a big, dumb lummox rudely insults you.  Being of a 
    rational, intelligent disposition, you wisely choose to avoid a 
    (direct) confrontation.  But as he laughs in your face, you smile 
    inwardly---your revenge is already planned. 

    Step 1:  Follow your victim to his locker, car, or house.  Once you 
    have chosen your target site, lay low for a week or more, letting 
    your anger boil.

    Step 2:  In the mean time, assemble your versatile terrorist kit 
    (details below.)

    Step 3:  Plant your kit at the designated target site on a Monday 
    morning between the hours of 4:00 AM and 6:00 AM.  Include a calm, 
    suggestive note that quietly hints at the possibility of another 
    attack.  DO NOT WRITE IT BY HAND!  An example of an effective note: 
    "Don't be such a jerk, or the  next one will take off your  hand.  
    Have a nice day." Notice how the calm tone instills fear, as if 
    written by a homicidal psycho. 
 
    Step 5:  Choose a strategic location overlooking the target site.  
    Try to position yourself in such a way that you can see his facial 
    contortions. 

    Step 6:  Sit back and enjoy the fireworks! 


    Assembly of the versatile, economic, and effective Terrorist Kit #1: 
    The parts you'll need are: 
    1) 4 AA Batteries
    2) 1 9-Volt Battery
    3) 1 SPDT Mini Relay (Radio Shack)
    4) 1 Rocket Engine(Smoke Bomb or M-80)
    5) 1 Solar Ignitor (any hobby store)
    6) 1 9-Volt Battery connector

    Step 1:  Take the 9-volt battery and wire it through the relay's 
    coil. This circuit should also include a pair of contacts that when 
    separated cut off this circuit.  These contacts should be held 
    together by trapping them between the locker,mailbox, or car door.  
    Once the door is opened, the contacts fall apart and the 9-volt 
    circuit is broken, allowing the relay to fall to the close  position 
    thus closing the ignition circuit. (If all this is confusing take a 
    look at the schematic below.) 

    Step 2: Take the 4 AA batteries and wire them in succession.  Wire 
    the positive terminal of one to the negative terminal of another, 
    until all four are connected except one positive terminal and one 
    negative terminal.  Even though the four AA batteries only combine to 
    create 6 volts, the increase in amperage is necessary to activate the 
    solar ignitor quickly and effectively. 

    Step 3:  Take the battery pack (made in step 2) and wire one end of 
    it to the relay's single pole and the other end to one prong of the 
    solar ignitor.  Then wire the other prong of the solar ignitor back 
    to the open position on the relay. 

    Step 4:  Using double sided carpet tape mount the kit in his locker, 
    mailbox, or car door.  And last, insert the solar ignitor into the 
    rocket engine (smoke bomb or M-80). 

    Your kit is now complete!


---------><---------
I    (CONTACTS)    I
I                  I
I                 --- (9  VOLT)
I                  -  (BATTERY)
I                 ---
I                  I
I      (COIL)      I
------///////-------
        /-----------
       /           I
      /            I
     /             I
 (SWITCH) I        I
          I        I
          I       --- (BATTERY)
          I        -  ( PACK  )
          I       ---
          I        I
          I        I
          ---- -----
             I I
              *
        (SOLAR IGNITOR)
 
    So-o-o-o  
    You would like to delve into the art of harassing,pestering,annoying 
    and possibly harming another enemy!!! 

    Ok-here you'll learn some of the useful methods I've used! For the 
    squeamish! 

    ITEM 1-

    To torment a person, always start off easy and slowly increase the 
    severity of your attack until your goal is accomplished! This will 
    give you an example of r attack letting them know that you're not 
    done with them yet! 

    ITEM 2-

    To start your revenge, mail anonymous letters and call at all hours! 

    ITEM 3-

    Call the papers-place ads in their name (1964 Chevy Impala-$600)will 
    get every mexican gang member in L.A. to call and visit their address 
    if you put it in the ad. Advertise something illegal in their name, 
    then call the cops and show them! 

    Call long distance under their phone # and order candy and flowers from 
    Western Union under their number. Order magazine subscriptions, books 
    records, everything you! 
    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ                          

    HOW TO MAKE A FLASHLIGHT BOMB

    A FLASHLIGHT BOMB IS FAIRLY EASY IT MAKE AND CAN BE CONCEALED SO 
    WELL, THEY IT IS VIRTUALLY IMPOSSIBLE TO DETECT IT. HERE'S WHAT TO DO: 
 
    GET YOURSELF ONE FLASHLIGHT OF ANY SIZE, SHAPE, OR CREED, AND THE 
    BATTERY/BATTERIES THAT GO ALONG WITH IT.  NOW IT IS TIME FOR AN 
    IMPORTANT DECISION.  DEPENDING UPON THE TYPE OF BOMB YOU REQUIRE, YOU 
    HAVE TO MAKE A CHOICE IN MATERIALS.  HERE ARE YOUR CHOICES: 
 
    [1] MERCURIC CHLORIDE - GAS BOMB
    [2] PURE SODIUM+WATER - FLAME BOMB
    [3] SULFURIC NITRATE  - ACID BOMB
    [4] GUNPOWDER (TNT)   - BOOOOOOOOM!
 
    NOW, TAKING THE MATERIAL FOR THE TYPE OF BOMB YOU WOULD LIKE TO MAKE, 
    PROCEED TO PUT ROCKS, BB'S, GLASS PELLETS, ETC... IN THE BOTTOM OF A 
    HOLLOWED OUT BATTERY/BATTERIES, UNLESS YOU ARE MAKING A FLAME BOMB, 
    WHICH IN THAT CASE READ ON.  THEN LINE A MAGNESIUM STRIP ALONG THE 
    SIDE OF THE FLASHLIGHT APPEARING ON TOP OF THE FLASHLIGHT SO YOU MAY 
    LIGHT IT.  NEXT, MAKE SURE YOU HAVE PLENTY OF THE EXPLOSIVE YOU CHOSE 
    IN THE BATTERY. [ NOT YOU MAY LIGHTLY PACK IT IN, BUT DO NOT HIT 
    IT!!! MY FRIEND WAS PACKING A HOME-MADE BOMB ONE DAY, AND HAMMERED 
    THE COVER ON, AND BLEW A HOLE RIGHT THROUGH HIS LIQUOR CABINET ] 
    NEXT, SECURE THE TOP, LEAVING ROOM TO INSERT THE MAGNESIUM STRIP.  IT 
    SHOULD LOOK LIKE THIS: 

     -----------
     \         /
      \       /
       \_____/
       ! BMB !
       ! BMB !
       ! BMB !
       ! BBB !
       !     !
       !_____!

    IN THE LAST DIAGRAM, (B) STANDS FOR BATTERY AND (M) FOR MAGNESIUM.  
    ALSO INSIDE THE BATTERY SHOULD BE THE AMMO AND THE EXPLOSIVE.  
 
    NOW FOR THE FLAME BOMB...THE SODIUM, SHOULD BE ON THE TOP, AND THE 
    WATER IN A BABY FOOD JAR.  THE SODIUM USED HERE IS NOT TABLE SALT!!!  
    YOU WON'T NEED THE MAG. STRIP BECAUSE NUMBER 1, BECAUSE ALL YOU NEED 
    DO IS HIT THE FLASHLIGHT AGAINST SOMETHING HARD. DO NOT HOLD IT---
    THROW IT AS FAR AS YOU CAN!!! 
                                              
    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
    
                              EXPLOSIVE PENS
    
    Here are the instructions for building a device no agent should be 
    without.  From the mind of "Q" himself, a device for your evaluation. 
    
    Materials...... 
    
           [1]-(1) "Felt" Tip Pen

           [2]-(1) "Ball" Point Pen

           [3]-(1)  High quality firecracker!

           [4]-(1)  8 gram measure potassium parmagranite (optional)

           [5]-(x)  Scotch Tape

           [6]-(1)  Large Paper Clip

           [7]-(2)  Packages of matches

           [8]-(1)  Pair of scissors

           [9]-(1)  Length of Beige thread

    Assembly...... 
    
    [1]- Use thread to friction saw the felt tip pen in half at the point 
    where the cap "snaps" onto the pen. (about mid-section)

    [2]- Remove the inert of the felt tip pen, and throw them away.
    
    [3]- Pull the inert out of a bic ball point pen and remove the ball 
    point assembly at the front of the pen. 

    [4]- Use scissors to widen the hole in the "felt" end of the pen.  
    Insert the ball assembly and make sure it is a tight fit.  It should 
    now look as if the felt tip pen was constructed as a ball point pen. 

    [5]- Cut off abrasive strips from the packs of matches.  It is best 
    if they have not been used. Tape these to the top of the firecracker 
    near the fuse, the strips should run parallel to the outstretched 
    fuse. 

    Wrap fuse over the top of one strip and tape down so fuse runs 
    parallel to abrasive strips.

    [6]- Unbend paper clip and tape a match to the metal rod, the match 
    should be parallel to the rod and it should be taped tight using as 
    little tape as possible.

    [7]- Insert the match head 1/5 of the way between the abrasive strips 
    and wrap tape around the assembly.  It should now look like this. 



                         ------______-----

            [][][]a[][][]-----------------(b)

                                 (())---------------------

                         ______------_____               |(c)

                                          |(d)

    (a)-Explosive/(b)-Fuse/(c)-Match attached to metal rod/(d)-Abrasives 
    The entire assembly should be thin enough to slip into the case of 
    the felt tip pen.

    [8]- Using scissors drill a small hole in the "non-tip" end of the 
    felt tip pen case.  Insert the assembly so the metal rod fits through 
    the hole in the end of the pen case. 

    [9]- The assembly will not quite fit properly.  The firecracker will 
    protrude from the cut half of the felt tip case.  Slip the removed 
    end of the case over the firecracker. (join the halves together over
    the firecracker in the center) and mount the cap of the felt tip pen
    on the end of the metal rod.  Glue any loose parts.  You are done!
        
    To Detonate... 



    Simply hit the cap (mounted at end of pen permanently) and throw it 
    at your target, or hand it to your target.  My favorite is to say 
    "Think Fast" and throw them your felt tip pen. (make it a easy throw) 
    Your victim will catch it, and it will then explode.  Cutting off many
    small appendages if you coat the firecracker with potassium parmagranite.
    Or killing your target if you use contact poison in place of the potassium.
    Theory of operation...

    Quite simple, by hitting the cap you are ramming the match head at 
    the end of the metal rod between the tight abrasive strips causing 
    combustion. Or the "Orgasm" effect. (the term Axis Agents use!) The 
    fire lights the fuse and from there, the pen is history! (pardon the 
    pun). After hitting the cap you have a average time limit of 2.5 
    seconds to rid yourself of the pen. (plenty of time actually...) 

     Edited by : Quasimoto

    So, you want to learn about some explosives, eh sonny? Well, you have 
    come to the right place. Starting with this file, a series begins 
    that will try to bring that world of demolitions and fun ( ha ha ) a 
    little closer to you. This series, ingeniously dubbed the "Explosive 
    Files" will go through the many types of explosives around. In 
    addition, a few sidetracks will be made on the way in the areas of 
    fireworks or whatever seems appropriate. As you delve through what is 
    contained in the files, you may find some helpful information, you 
    may not. But have fun reading them anyway. 

    If you haven't figured this one out yet, this file is formatted for 
    80 columns. And the rest of the files are the same way. So, using a 
    quote I saw once on a file on a board, 
    
             " Use your damn printers people !!! "

    And now on with the show. 

    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ

    EXPLOSIVES 

    To start learning about explosives, you have got to start at 
    the beginning. I plan to be as thorough as possible, but I may forget 
    things every now and then. The files should still be complete though. 
    So now to start at the beginning...... 

    An explosive is a substance that, under the influence of heat, 
    shock, or some other agency, undergoes a chemical reaction that 
    causes it to decompose or break up quickly with more or less violence 
    ( whew ). Explosives fly to pieces because the materials composing 
    them react in such a way that solids or liquids are suddenly 
    converted into gases, which tend to expand and rapidly fill a larger 
    volume of space. Heat is also developed and acts as a catalyst ( 
    something that changes the speed of the reaction in some way. In this 
    case it speeds it up. ). The noise associated with an explosion is 
    caused by air waves. An explosion is an intensified combustion also. 
   
    The history of explosives is too long for one file, but 
    certain events are covered in individual files. For instance, 
    gunpowder's history is in the gunpowder file. 

    Lets narrow the scope a little here and get a little introduction 
    into explosives. How they are classified is a good thing to know, so 
    here it is. 

    There are basically 3 different types of explosives existing. 
    All explosives fall into one of these categories somewhere. What 
    follows is a listing of each of these categories with a brief 
    description and some examples. 


    I. Propellants 

    Propellants, or low explosives, are combustible materials, containing 
    within themselves all oxygen needed for their combustion. They burn 
    themselves out but do not explode, and function by producing gas 
    which explodes. 

    Examples are Black powder and smokeless powder. 


    II. Primary Explosives 

    Primary Explosives, or initiators as they are sometimes 
    called , explode or detonate when they are heated or subjected 
    to shock. They do not burn and sometimes they do not even contain the 
    elements necessary for combustion. The materials themselves explode, 
    and the explosion results whether they are confined or not. Their 
    brillance, or the shock which they produce when they explode, differs 
    considerably in different explosives, as does their sensitivity to 
    heat and the amount of heat they give off. 

    Examples : Mercury Fulminate, Lead Azide, Fulminating Gold, 
    the mixture of Red Phosphorus with Potassium Chlorate, Copper 
    Acetylide, Nitrogen Sulfide, and Tetracene. 


    III. High Explosives 

    High Explosives detonate under the influence of the shock 
    of the explosion of a suitable primary explosive. They do not 
    function by burning. Most of them can be ignited by a flame though 
    and in a small amount generally burn tranquilly and can be 
    extinguished easily. If heated to a high temperature by external heat 
    or by their own combustion, they will sometimes explode. They are 
    generally more brilliant and powerful than primary explosives. They 
    exert a mechanical effect on whatever is near them when they explode, 
    whether they are confined or not. 

    Examples : Dynamite, Trinitrotoluene, Tetryl, Picric Acid, 
    Nitrocellulose, Nitroglycerin, Liqiud Oxygen mixed with wood pulp, 
    fuming Nitric Acid mixed with Nitrobenzene, Ammonium Nitrate , 
    Ammonium Perchlorate, and Nitroguanidine. 

                ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
                                                          
    IGNITERS


    A small but major part of any explosive is how to ignite it. Some 
    materials, like gunpowder, will ignite quickly when in contact with 
    flame. But some explosives will not light by just a flame and hence 
    they require some thing with some more power, maybe even another 
    explosive. What follows is a list of your basic igniters. 


    BLACK MATCH 

    Black match is made with fine, soft cotton twine and meal powder. It 
    is easily made by twisting 3 or 4 strands of the twine together and 
    covering the resulting cord with a paste made by mixing the meal 
    powder with water. The excess paste should be wiped off and the cord 
    should be allowed to dry while stretched across a frame. A slower 
    match can be made by twisting the twine and using a homemade black 
    powder as the paste. This powder is made by mixing 6 parts Potassium 
    nitrate, 1 part sulfur, and 1 part soft wood charcoal. This match and 
    slight derivations are used on nearly ever firework available. Its 
    cheap, reliable if made right, and easy. 

    QUICK MATCH

    Quick match is black match inserted into a paper tube which does not 
    need to fit tightly. When light, the black match burns through the 
    tube at a extremely quick rate. 


    MINERS FUSE 

    Miners Fuse is also called Safety Fuse or Bickford Fuse. It consists 
    of a central thread surrounded by a core of black powder enclosed 
    within a tube of woven threads, which is then surrounded by 
    waterproof materials, etc. It commonly burns at the rate of 1 foot a 
    minute. When the fire reaches the end, a jet of flame about 1 inch 
    long shoots out for the purpose of igniting black powder or lighting 
    a blasting cap. 


    DETONATING FUSE 

    Detonating Fuse, or Cordeau, is a narrow tube filled with high 
    explosive. When the explosion is initiated at one end by a detonator, 
    the explosion travels along the tube with a high velocity which 
    causes other high explosives in its path to explode. In America, 
    cordeau is made from lead tubes filled with TNT, from aluminum or tin 
    tubes filled with Picric Acid, and from tubes of woven fabric filled 
    with Nitrocellulose or PETN (yes, that's Pentaerythrite 
    Tetranitrate). 


    BLASTING CAPS 

    Instead of making a whole separate file out of blasting caps, my 
    first intention, I will just put the stuff here. 

    Blasting caps were invented in 1867 by Alfred Nobel, who also first 
    made Nitroglycerin, invented dynamite and blasting gelatin, and 
    provided funding to start the Nobel prizes. What a cool dude. There 
    exist 3 different kinds of blasting caps, varying from a simple fuse 
    wrapped by explosive to a complicated waterproof cap involving an 
    electrical detonation. . There is also 8 grades, or strengths of 
    caps, denoted by numbers (  No. 1, No. 6, etc. ). Usually the 
    strength is marked on the cap. 

    SIDE NOTE : Electrically ignited caps are the most common type 
    available. If you live anywhere near a quarry, try to get a tour of 
    the place. Watch wherever you walk. blasting caps abound in areas 
    like this. When nobody's looking, pocket a few. 

    What follows is a generally useless chart, but here it is anyway. It 
    shows a little about the strengths of each cap type ( see another 
    file about mercury fulminate ). 

                   Weight of Mercury                External
                       Fulminate                   Dimensions
                     :::::::::::::               ::::::::::::::
     
                         grams             diameter,mm    length,mm 
                         :::::             :::::::::::    ::::::::: 

    No. 1                 .30                  5.5           16 
    No. 2                 .40                  5.5           22 
    No. 3                 .54                  5.5           26 
    No. 4                 .65                   6            28 
    No. 5                 .80                   6           30-32 
    No. 6                1.00                   6            35 
    No. 7                1.50                   6           40-45 
    No. 8                2.00                  6-7          50-55 


               ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
    
                        PRIMARY HIGH EXPLOSIVE

                           * Flash  Point *
    
    Here we are with a list of primary high explosives. It's not much, 
    but there are not many of them. There are many more secondary high 
    and low explosives ( see the next two files ). 

    Mercury Fulminate 
    ::::::::::::::::: 

    Mercury Fulminate is an initiating explosive, commonly appearing as 
    white or gray crystals. It is extremely sensitive to initiation by 
    heat, friction, spark or flame, and impact. It will detonate when 
    initiated by any of the ways. When stored continuously at 
    temperatures above 100 degrees F it gradually becomes inert. A dark-
    colored product of deterioration gives evidence of this condition. 
    Mercury Fulminate is commonly stored underwater except in places 
    where freezing is possible. Then it is stored under a mixture of 
    water and alcohol. 


    Lead Styphnate 
    :::: ::::::::: 

    Lead Styphnate is an initiating explosive, usually appearing in 
    orange or white crystals. It is easily ignited by heat and static 
    discharge, but cannot be used to start secondary high explosive 
    reliably. Lead Styphnate is an ingredient in priming mixtures for 
    small arms ammunition. Lead Styphnate is stored underwater except 
    where freezing is possible. Then it stored under water and alcohol. 


    Lead Azide 
    :::: ::::: 

    Lead Azide is an initiating explosive produced as a white to buff 
    crystalline substance. It is more reliable than Mercury Fulminate and 
    it does not decompose during long storage at moderately elevated 
    temperatures ( 90 and above ). It should not be loaded into copper or 
    brass containers because Copper Azide, an extremely sensitive 
    explosive, can be formed in the presence of moisture. 


    DDNP 
    Diazodinitrophenol 
    :::::::::::::::::: 

    DDNP is a primary high explosive. It is used extensively in 
    commercial blasting caps that are initiated by black powder safety 
    fuse. It is superior to Mercury Fulminate in stability but is not as 
    stable as Lead Azide. DDNP is desensitized by immersion in water. 

               ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
    
                      SECONDARY HIGH EXPLOSIVES 
                                                  
                                     
    This section is a rather complete listing of secondary high 
    explosives. They are listed in no particular order and they all have 
    a bit of information about them again, just like the primary high 
    explosives. I think that this is probably the best file in the whole 
    group so have fun. 


    TNT 
    TRINITROLOLUENE 
    ::::::::::::::: 

    TNT is produced from Toluene, Sulfuric acid, and Nitric acid. It is 
    powerful high explosive. It is well suited for steel cutting, 
    concrete breaching, general demolition, and underwater demolition. 
    It is a stable explosive and relatively insensitive to shock. It may 
    be detonated by a blasting cap or primacord. TNT is toxic and its 
    dust should not be inhaled or allowed contact with the skin. 


    NITROSTARCH 
    ::::::::::: 

    Nitrostarch is composed of Starch Nitrate, Barium Nitrate, and Sodium 
    Nitrate. It is more sensitive to flame, friction, and shock than TNT 
    but not as powerful. It is initiated by detonating cord. 


    TETRYL 
    :::::: 

    Tetryl is a fine, yellow crystalline material and exhibits a very 
    high shattering power. It is commonly used as a booster in explosive 
    trains. It is stable in storage. It is used in detonators. 


    RDX 
    CYCLONITE 
    ::::::::: 

    RDX is a white crystalline solid that exhibits very high shattering 
    power. It is commonly used as a booster in explosive trains or as a 
    main bursting charge. It is stable in storage. 


    NITROGLYCERIN 
    ::::::::::::: 

    Nitroglycerin is manufactured by treating Glycerin with a nitrating 
    mixture of Nitric Acid and Sulfuric acid. It is thick, clear to 
    yellow-brownish, and extremely powerful and shock sensitive. 
    Nitroglycerin freezes at 56 degrees fahrenheit in which state it is 
    less sensitive to shock than in liquid form. 


    COMMERCIAL DYNAMITE 
    ::::::::::::::::::: 

    Commercial dynamite comes in three principal types. 
    Straight dynamite, Ammonia dynamite, and Gelatin dynamite. Each type 
    is further divided into a series of grades. All dynamites contain 
    Nitroglycerin in varying amounts and the strength of the explosion is 
    related to the Nitroglycerin content. Dynamite ranges in detonation 
    velocity from 4000 to 23,000 feet per second and is sensitive to 
    shock. Dynamite is initiated by electric or nonelectric blasting 
    caps. 


    PETN 
    PENTAERYTHRITE TETRANITRATE 
    ::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 

    PETN is one of the most powerful of military explosives and 
    is almost equal in force to nitroglycerine and RDX. When used 
    in detonating cord, it has a detonation velocity of 21,000 
    f.p.s. and is relatively insensitive to friction and shock from 
    handling and transportation. 


    MILITARY DYNAMITE 
    ::::::::::::::::: 

    Military ( construction ) dynamite, unlike other commercial 
    dynamite, does not absorb or retain moisture, contains no 
    nitroglycerine, and is much safer to store, handle, and transport. It 
    detonates at a velocity of about 20,000 feet per second and is good 
    for military construction, quarrying, or demolition. It may be 
    detonated with an electric or nonelectric military blasting cap or 
    detonating cord. 


    AMATOL 
    :::::: 

    Amatol is a high explosive, white to buff in color. It is a mixture 
    of Ammonium nitrate and TNT, with a relative effectiveness slightly 
    higher than TNT alone. Amatol is used a main bursting charge in 
    artillery shells and bombs. Amatol absorbs moisture and can form 
    dangerous compounds with copper and brass. 


    BLASTING GELATIN
    :::::::::::::::: 

    Blasting gelatin is a translucent material of an elastic, 
    jellylike texture and is made in a number of different colors. It is 
    considered to be the most powerful industrial explosive. It is more 
    water resistant than Gelatin dynamite. 


    COMPOSITION C4 
    :::::::::::::: 

    Composition C4 is a white plastic explosive more powerful 
    than TNT. It consists of 91% RDX and 9% plastic binder. It remains 
    plastic over a wide range of temperatures (-70 F. to 170 F. ), and is 
    as sensitive as TNT. It is eroded less than other plastic explosives 
    when immersed is water for long periods. It is well suited for 
    cutting steel and timber and breaching concrete. 


    COMPOSITION B 
    ::::::::::::: 

    Composition B is a high explosive mixture with a relative 
    effectiveness higher than that of of TNT. It is also more sensitive 
    that TNT. It is composed of 59% RDX, 40% TNT, and 1% wax. Because of 
    its shattering power and high rate of detonation, Composition B is 
    used as the main charge in certain bangalore torpedoes and shaped 
    charges. 


    AMMONIUM NITRATE 
    :::::::::::::::: 

    Ammonium Nitrate is a white crystalline substance that is extremely 
    water absorbent and is therefor usually packed in a sealed metal 
    container. It has a low velocity of detonation ( 3600 f.p.s ) and is 
    used primarily as an additive to other explosives. It is only 55% as 
    powerful as TNT. 


    HMX 
    ::: 

    HMX is a solid high explosive commonly used as a booster and 
    sometimes as a main charge where its shattering effect is needed. It 
    is a white substance with a rather high melting point; hence it is 
    usually pressed into its container. It may be initiated by Lead azide 
    or Mercury fulminate. 


    PENTOLITE 
    ::::::::: 

    Pentolite is a high explosive made from equal mixtures of 
    PETN and TNT. It is light yellow and is used as the main 
    bursting charge in grenades, small shells, and shaped charges. 
    Pentolite should not be drilled to produce cavities; forming tools 
    should be used. 


    PICRIC ACID 
    ::::::::::: 

    Picric Acid is a yellow crystalline, high explosive bursting charge. 
    it is initiated by Lead azide or Mercury fulminate and has the same 
    effectiveness as TNT. When in contact with lead, Picric acid produces 
    Lead Picrate, a sensitive and violent explosive. 


    GUN COTTON 
    :::::::::: 

    Gun cotton is a nitrocellulose explosive made from cotton fibers 
    containing 13% or more of nitrogen. Although primarily considered a 
    propellant, it is sometimes used as a base charge in electric 
    detonators. 


    AMMONAL 
    ::::::: 

    Ammonal is a high explosive mixture composed of 22% Ammonium nitrate, 
    67% TNT, and 11% flaked or powdered aluminum. It is sometimes used as 
    a filler for artillery shell. The composition is 83% as effective as 
    TNT and explodes with a bright flash upon detonation. 


    IMPROVISED PLASTIC EXPLOSIVE FILLER 
    ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 

    Plastic explosive filler can be made from Potassium Chlorate and 
    petroleum jelly. The Potassium chlorate crystals are ground into a 
    very fine powder and then mixed with the petroleum jelly. This 
    explosive can be detonated with a No. 8 commercial blasting cap or 
    with any military blasting cap. The explosive must be stored in a 
    waterproof container until ready to use. 


    TETRYTOL 
    :::::::: 

    Tetrytol is a high explosive bursting charge containing 75% Tetryl 
    and 25% TNT. It is used as a demolitions explosive, a bursting charge 
    for mines, and in artillery shells. It is about as strong as TNT. 

               ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
    
                        G U N   P O W D E R

    Probably the most common explosive you will ever encounter in your 
    travels is gunpowder. It is nearly everywhere. Most every firework 
    will use gunpowder. It is the easiest to make, and the cheapest of 
    all the explosive. How about a little bit of history here... 

    Gunpowder is the oldest of all the known explosives. It's invention 
    is credited to the Chinese, the Arabs, and the Hindus, but the first 
    one to publish anything definite on it was friar Roger Bacon of 
    Oxford in 1242. He wrote a book telling how to make an explosive 
    mixture containing saltpeter. For this reason Roger Bacon is 
    sometimes considered the inventor of gunpowder. 
    
    Berthold Schwartz, a monk, also played his part in gunpowders history 
    by helping to develop firearms using gunpowders properties. By 1326 
    cannons were being used. 
    
    Certainly gunpowder helped change the course of the world. It has 
    been used in things such as warfare to mechanical assistance. 
    
    By the way, Saltpeter is Potassium Nitrate ( KNO3 ). Also, 
    doesn't it seem a bit funny that most of the people involved in the 
    history of explosives were religious people? 

    The modern gunpowder is commonly called Black Powder, but is made in 
    about the same way as its ancestors. Saltpeter, charcoal, and sulphur 
    are mechanically mixed into a fix powder. The rate of ignition 
    depends on the grain size ; the smaller the grains, the faster it 
    burns. The exact proportions of each material can vary, and each 
    mixture is a little different. But the most effective powder has been 
    found to be in the ratio of 6 parts Saltpeter, 1 part charcoal, and 1 
    part sulphur. Here are a few other mixtures though for your 
    enjoyment. 


    DATE                   SALTPETER     CHARCOAL     SULFUR 
    -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

    8th century                66           22          12 
    8th century                70           23          7 
    Roger Bacon                37           32          31 
    1560                       50           33          17 
    1781                       75           15          10 
    1635                       75           12.5        12.5 


    Brown powder, also called cocoa powder, was discovered and it was 
    found that it could be used as a replacement for normal black 
    charcoal. Brown powder is slower burning than its brother and was 
    used extensively in guns before smokeless powder was developed. Cocoa 
    powder is more sensitive to friction than ordinary black powder. 
    Samples have ignited when shaking in canvas bags. As before, here are 
    some exciting different formulas. 


         Saltpeter      Brown Charcoal      Sulphur
             <*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*><*>

             79                      18                    3
             78                      19                    3
             80                      20                    0


    There are a few more variations of gunpowder existing too, 
    so check out the next file for a listing. 

     A common myth about gunpowder is that it explodes. This is
    wrong ( I know a few people out there are saying I'm full of shit, 
    right ? Well, it's the truth ). To really understand what happens it 
    is necessary to know a little about chemistry. I'll try to explain it 
    to the average person now. 
    
    The formula for saltpeter is KNO3 ( Potassium nitrate ). If you don't 
    know yet, the O stands for an oxygen atom, and there are 3 of them. 
    The 3 is supposed to be sub-scripted by the way, so just imagine that 
    it is. This means that in the gunpowder mixture, there is a whole 
    bunch of oxygen atoms. Well, pure oxygen burns. But how does it break 
    out of the KNO3 ? The oxygen is attracted to the sulphur and 
    charcoal, but is bonded to the nitrogen ( N ) and can't get away 
    normally. When it is lit, the ignition breaks the N-O bonds and in an 
    instantaneous moment solid and gaseous products are formed. What ends 
    up happening is that the gases cause the explosion. Its is really 
    more complicated than that, but I would take a good 50 sectors going 
    into detail. For a better understanding of this, pick up an 
    encyclopedia or ask your chemistry teacher. 

               ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

    
                               Other Powders

    Explosives file #6 by Flashpoint 

    They couldn't let black powder get all lonesome by being the only 
    worthwhile powder useful in explosives, so somebody invented a few 
    more. Some of these are better than black powder, some worse, some 
    more expensive, some more convenient. But they are all powders. 

    BLASTING POWDER 

    Since normal black powder burns rather quickly when mixed well, a 
    slower and cheaper powder is needed for blasting. A powder of this 
    type can be obtained by reducing the amount of Potassium Nitrate. The 
    French government has manufactured and sold the following kinds of 
    blasting powder. 

              SALTPETER         CHARCOAL         SULFUR
              :::::::::         ::::::::         ::::::

                 72                15              13
                 40                30              30
                 62                18              20


    In the United States, most blasting powder is made from Sodium 
    nitrate. Some samples taken show the following ratios. 

          SODIUM NITRATE        CHARCOAL        SULFUR
          ::::::::::::::        ::::::::        ::::::

                68                 10             22
                73                 11             16

    Pellet powders, made from Sodium Nitrate, are becoming popular. They 
    are cylindrical pellets, 2 inches long, wrapped in paraffined paper 
    cartridges, and are from 1 and 1/4 to 2 inches in diameter. The 
    pellets resemble cartridges of dynamite. From 2 to 4 pellets whilse 
    are perforated in the direction of their axis are wrapped in the 
    cartridges and a 3/8 hole is bored for insertion of fuse for firing. 
    The pellets are also sold in most hardware stores for use in welding 
    torches under names like Solid OX pellets and generally cost about $ 
    8.00 for a can of 7 or 8 sticks. You can buy these pellets and grind 
    them up for a good source of Sodium Nitrate powder. It makes a hell 
    of a black powder. 


    II. AMMONPULVER 

    Propellant powder made from Ammonium nitrate is about as powerful as 
    smokeless powder and has long had a limited use for military uses, 
    especially in Germany and Austria. 
    
    In 1855, a powder was patented called Amidpulver. Later the formula 
    was improved, giving the powder a flashless discharge when fired in a 
    gun and only a moderate amount of smoke. Ammonpulver which contains 
    no Potassium nitrate explodes with no flash and little smoke. 

                            AMMONIUM       POTASSIUM
                            NITRATE         NITRATE        CHARCOAL
                           ::::::::::     :::::::::::     ::::::::::

    Amidpulver                 38             44              16 
    improved Amidpulver        37             14              49 
    other formula              85              -              15 

    Ammonpulver has the advantages of being cheap, powerful, flashless, 
    and almost smokeless. It is insensitive to shock and friction, and is 
    more difficult to ignite than black powder. In use it requires a 
    strong igniter charge. 




    III. POWDER BRUGERE 

    Powder Brugere is made by grinding together the following composition 
    
                 Ammonium nitrate           54 parts
                 Potassium nitrate          46 parts

    The powder is pressed and granulated as in the making of black 
    powder. It is more powerful than black powder and gives less smoke. 



    FRENCH AMMONAL 

    French Ammonal is an easily improvised low explosive mixture of 86% 
    Ammonium nitrate, 6% Stearic acid, and 8% Aluminum powder. It is 
    generally less effective than and equal weight of TNT. Initiation by a 
    Engineer's special blasting cap is recommended. 

    !>Flash Point<! 
    
    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ

    BUILDING A FLAME THROWER FROM THE BOOK: 
    THE POOR MAN'S JAMES BOND BY KURT SAXON 
 
    AN EXCELLENT LITTLE FLAME THROWER CAN BE MADE, USING JUST ABOUT ANY 
    METAL OR PLASTIC HAND SQUIRTER. THE ONLY CONSIDERATION IS THAT THE 
    LIQUID MUST COME OUT IN A STREAM INSTEAD OF AN ATOMIZED SPRAY. 

    SOME OIL CANS SHOOT A STREAM 30 FEETS. SPRAYERS CAN OFTEN BE ADJUSTED 
    FROM A SPRAY TO A STREAM. SPRAYERS OF VARIOUS KINDS CAN BE FOUND IN 
    AUTO SUPPLY, GARDEN AND GROCERY STORES. 
 
    A SIX-INCH TUBE, USUALLY ALUMINUM OR BRASS, IS FITTEN ON THE NOZZLE. 
    A WICK OR PIECE OF HEAVY CLOTH IS WIRED ONTO THE OTHER END OF THE 
    TUBE. THE FUEL IS GASOLINE, ACETONE OR LIGHTER FLUID. 
 
    TO USE, THE TUBE IS TILTED DOWNWARD SLIGHTLY. THE SPRAYER IS SQUEEZED 
    SLOWLY SO THE FUEL WILL DRIBBLE OUT AND SATURATE THE WICK ALL AROUND. 
 
    THE WICK IS THEN LIT AND THE DEVICE IS AIMED AND SQUEEZED. QUICK, 
    HARD SQUEEZES WILL SQUIRT THE FUEL THROUGH THE TUBE AND PAST THE 
    BURNING WICK. THE WICK IGNITES THE FUEL AND YOU HAVE SUCH A DANDY 
    WEAPON YOU WILL NEVER STOP BRAGGING! IF YOU HAVE A LITTLE BROTHER, HE 
    CAN TAKE IT TO SCHOOL FOR SHOW AND TELL. 
    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
                                                                     
               FULL-AUTO:  AN INTRODUCTION                           
                 BY: THE ANGEL OF DESTINY                            
   
                             INTRODUCTION

    SO YOU WANT TO BE A TERRORIST? YOU LIKE MAKING HOME-MADE CHEMICAL 
    CAR BOMBS, AND MAKING PEOPLE SUFFER, THAT'S NEAT. BUT I CAN TELL YOU 
    FOR SURE THAT NO SELF-RESPECTING TERRORIST WOULD GO OUT INTO THE 
    CRUEL WORLD ALL BY HIS LONESOME WITHOUT A PIECE OF PROTECTION. I AM 
    OF COURSE TALKING ABOUT SUBMACHINE-GUNS AND ASSAULT RIFLES. THERE ARE 
    TIMES WHEN YOU JUST NEED TO HAVE THAT FULL-AUTO PROTECTION. WELL, I 
    WILL TRY TO BEGIN TO INFORM YOU ON THE WAYS OF GETTING A FULL-AUTO 
    FIREARM. THERE ARE BASICALLY TWO: LEGAL and ILLEGAL. 

                                LEGAL

    THERE ARE A FEW WAYS OF GOING ABOUT IT LEGALLY. IN ALL CASES 
    YOU NEED APPROVAL FROM THE BATF (BUREAU OF ALCOHOL, TOBACCO, AND 
    FIREARMS). APPROVAL INVOLVES SENDING A LETTER TO THE BATF TELLING 
    THEM WHERE YOU LIVE, AND WHY YOU WANT TO OWN A FULL-AUTO FIREARM. 
    WHEN YOU WRITE THIS PORTION OF THE LETTER, IT WOULD BE A GOOD IDEA 
    NOT TO TELL THEM YOU WANT TO BLOW DUDES AWAY WITH IT BECAUSE YOU MOST 
    PROBABLY WOULD NOT GET APPROVAL. ONCE YOU GET APPROVAL, YOU MUST PAY 
    A $200 TRANSFER TAX. THE BIG MYTH THAT GOES AROUND IS THAT FULL-AUTO 
    WEAPONS ARE THEMSELVES EXPENSIVE, THAT'S NOT TRUE, THEY COST JUST AS 
    MUCH AS THEIR SEMI-AUTO COUNTERPARTS. THE BIG THING THAT MAKES LEGAL 
    FULL-AUTOS COST SO MUCH IS THE TAX. 

    STEPS. 

    EVERYTHING YOU DO GOES IN STEPS, AND IT'S THE SAME WITH GETTING A 
    FULL-AUTO. HERE THEY ARE... 

    1. CHOOSE THE GUN YOU WANT. YOU GET FULL-AUTOS FROM CLASS /// GUN 
    DEALERS. 

    2. ADD UP ALL THE COSTS FOR THE RIFLE OR SMG AND MAKE SURE YOU HAVE 
    ENOUGH BUCKS TO PAY FOR IT. 

    3. IF YOU ARE UNDER 21 YEARS OF AGE, GET PARENTS PERMISSION TO 
    REGISTER THE GUN IN HIS/HERS NAME. THEN PUT HIS/HER NAME ON THE 
    LETTER TO THE BATF. 

    4. SAVE THE GUN AT THE CLASS /// DEALERSHIP. ASK OWNER FOR HELP IN 
    GETTING  BATF'S APPROVAL, THEY CAN TELL YOU ALL ABOUT IT, MORE THAN I 
    CAN HERE, AND GET ALL THE FORMS YOU NEED. REMEMBER, THE DEALERS ARE 
    USUALLY VERY COOPERATIVE, MAINLY BECAUSE THEY WANT TO SELL THEIR 
    GUNS. 

    5. GET BATF APPROVAL. PAY $200 TRANSFER TAX(SHOULD ALREADY BE 
    CALCULATED INTO YOUR EXPENDITURE ACCOUNT--SEE STEP 2). 

    6. BUY YOUR FULL-AUTO AND TAKE IT HOME. 

    7. TAKE GUN TO SAFE PLACE TO PRACTICE YOUR FIRING, NOW THAT WE WENT 
    THROUGH ALL THIS, WE DON'T WANT TO GET IN TROUBLE FOR DISTURBING THE 
    PEACE, DO WE? 

    WELL, THAT IS A VERY BASIC DESCRIPTION OF ALL THE THINGS YOU HAVE TO 
    DO TO GET A LEGAL FULL-AUTO. REMEMBER THIS, THOUGH, YOUR GUN IS NOW 
    REGISTERED IN THE GOVERNMENT FILES AS A FULL-AUTO HAZARD TO THEM. BE 
    VERY CAREFUL OF WHAT YOU GET CAUGHT DOING WITH YOUR PIECE NOW THAT 
    YOU HAVE IT. 

                                    ILLEGAL

    I TOLD YOU THERE WERE TWO WAYS, WELL HERE IS THE OTHER ONE. ILLEGAL. 
    THAT MEANS IF YOU GET CAUGHT WITH ONE OF THESE YOU WILL GET THE 
    WEAPON CONFISCATED, AND A MASSIVE FINE. NOW ALL THAT IS GREAT, BUT 
    THEY DO NOT KNOW YOU HAVE ONE UNLESS YOU DO ONE OF A FEW THINGS THE 
    FEDS HAVE TO TIP THEM OFF TO ILLEGAL FULL-AUTO OWNERS. ONE IS MAIL-
    ORDERS. SOME MAIL ORDERS THAT YOU SEND AWAY FOR, 

    LIKE INSTRUCTION BOOKLETS TO CONVERT CERTAIN GUNS TO FULL- AUTO, ARE 
    JUST FRONTS FOR THE FEDS.  THEY SEND YOU THE BOOKLET, GIVE YOU TIME 
    TO MAKE THE CONVERSION, THEN COME AND BUST YOU FOR HAVING ILLEGAL 
    FIREARMS. ANOTHER THING THAT TIPS OFF THE COPS IS "CONCERNED 
    CITIZENS" THAT HEAR FULL-AUTOS, AND GET SCARED SHIT-LESS THINKING 
    SOMEONE IS GOING TO BLOW THEM AWAY. THEY CALL THE COPS, AND THEY COME 
    RUNNING, LOOKING FOR THE OFFENDER. 

    I JUST THOUGHT I WOULD TELL YOU A FEW OF THE RISK FACTORS BEFORE I 
    GET INTO THE ACTUAL MECHANICS OF GETTING ILLEGAL FULL- AUTOS.  IF YOU 
    PLAY IT SAFE, THIS METHOD CAN COST LESS THAN BUYING ONE LEGALLY.  OK, 
    THERE ARE BASICALLY TWO WAYS TO GET FULL-AUTOS ILLEGALLY. CONVERT 
    SEMI-AUTOS TO FULL-AUTO, OR SELECTIVE FIRE, AND BUYING A PREMADE FULL 
    AUTO ON THE BLACK MARKET. 

    I WOULD NOT IN ANY WAY SUGGEST THE SECOND METHOD, YOU GET IN CONTACT 
    WITH SOME REAL HEAVY DUDES, SOME REAL HARD ASSES THAT WOULD JUST AS 
    SOON SHOOT YOU AS SELL YOU A GUN. THIS METHOD IS NOT WISE, OR 
    PRUDENT, OR ALL THAT CRAP, BUT I TOLD YOU ABOUT IT BECAUSE IT IS 
    THERE, AND IT IS AN OPTION. 

    THE CONVERSION OF A SEMI-AUTO TO FULL-AUTO IS USUALLY A COMPLICATED 
    PROCESS, AND THE METHODS ARE DIFFERENT FOR EACH DIFFERENT KIND OF 
    RIFLES. THE AR-15/M-16 IS THE ONE EXCEPTION TO THIS RULE. IT IS 
    EXTREMELY EASY TO CONVERT TO FULL-AUTO. BUT ANYHOW, THE WAY YOU GO 
    THROUGH IT IS YOU FIRST CHOOSE YOURSELF A GOOD SEMI-AUTO RIFLE THAT 
    USES A BOX MAGAZINE(ALSO CALLED "CLIP") IT IS ALSO PREFERABLE TO BUY 
    A WELL KNOWN SEMI-AUTO SO THE CLIPS ARE CHEAP, AND CONVERSION PLANS 
    ARE READILY AVAILABLE. A GOOD EXAMPLE WOULD BE UZI, AR-15, MINI-14, 
    MAC-10, KG-99 OR OTHER GOOD, COMMON GUNS. 

    ALL RIGHT, SO NOW YOU HAVE A GUN PICKED OUT IN YOUR MIND. SEND FOR A 
    MANUAL THAT EXPLAINS THE PROCEDURE FOR CONVERTING YOUR GUN. IT IS 
    VERY IMPORTANT THAT WHEN YOU DO THIS, YOU BUY FROM A WELL KNOWN 
    PUBLISHER LIKE PALADIN PRESS, OR BILL MOORE PUBLICATIONS. OK NOW, 
    VERY CAREFULLY FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS TO THE LETTER. YOU DO NOT WANT 
    OT SCREW UP YOUR FIREARM BY GRINDING IN THE WRONG PLACE, OR THROWING 
    AWAY THE WRONG PART. 

    THIS IS BASICALLY ALL I CAN TELL YOU BECAUSE IT IS A VERY COMPLICATED 
    PROCEDURE THAT TAKES A LOT OF TIME TO EXPLAIN, BUT I CAN GIVE 
    SOMETHING OF USE TO ALL OF YOU WHO OWN A MINI-14. YOU KNOW, MADE BY 
    RUGER. WHEN I TELL YOU THIS, I AM ASSUMING YOU KNOW AT LEAST A LITTLE 
    BIT ABOUT YOUR GUN. IF YOU DON'T KNOW A FUCK ABOUT THE INSIDES OF THE 
    MINI-14 LEAVE IT THE HELL ALONE! I DON'T WANT YOU TO SCREW IT UP ON 
    ACCOUNT OF ME. 

    OK, LOOK IN THE MANUAL THAT CAME WITH YOUR GUN. THERE IS A PART 
    CALLED THE SECONDARY SEAR. THIS IS WHAT PREVENTS YOUR MINI FROM BEING 
    MIGHTY. TAKE APART THE MECHANISM AND REMOVE THE SECONDARY SEAR and THE 
    SPRING BEHIND IT. REASSEMBLE THE MECHANISM, MAKING SURE YOU DON'T 
    FORGET TO PUT ALL THE OTHER PIECES IN THEIR RIGHT PLACES. YOUR RIFLE 
    IS NOW A SLAM-FIRING FULL AUTO. KEEP THE SECONDARY SEAR, IN A SAFE 
    PLACE, BECAUSE TO CONVERT IT BACK TO SEMI-AUTO, AND BACK TO LEGAL, 
    YOU JUST PUT IN THE SECONDARY SEAR. REMEMBER, THIS METHOD IS THE 
    "CHEAPO" AND CONVERTS YOUR MINI TO FULL-AUTO ONLY. WHEN YOU LOAD IT 
    UP AND PULL THE TRIGGER, IT WILL FIRE ABOUT TWO SHOTS IF YOU JUST 
    SNAP THE TRIGGER AND RELEASE IT QUICKLY.  DO NOT HOLD THE TRIGGER 
    DOWN! THIS WILL CAUSE THE FIREARM TO BECOME UNCONTROLLABLE, AND THUS 
    DANGEROUS TO YOURSELF AS WELL AS OTHERS. 
    
    THAT'S ALL FOR NOW, BUT BE LOOKING FOR MY FOLLOW-UP ARTICLES ON HOW 
    TO CONVERT UZIS, AR-15S, AND KG-99S.  STAY SANE, AND KILL A COMMIE 
    FOR MOMMIE!  I HOPE YOU HAVE ENJOYED TO THIS TO THE FULLEST! LATER, 

                                THE ANGEL OF DESTINY.
    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
    
    +-------------------------------------+ 
    ! KING ARTHUR'S DEMOLITION ARTICLE #1 ! 
    +-------------------------------------+ 

    LIKE ALL CHEMISTS I MUST ADVISE YOU ALL TO TAKE THE GREATEST CARE AND 
    CAUTION WHEN YOU ARE DOING THIS.  EVEN IF YOU HAVE MADE THIS STUFF 
    BEFORE. 

    THIS FIRST ARTICLE WILL GIVE YOU INFORMATION ON MAKING NITROGLYCERIN, 
    THE BASIC INGREDIENT IN A LOT OF EXPLOSIVES SUCH AS STRAIGHT 
    DYNAMITES, AND GELATIN DYNAMITES. 

    ---------------------------------------

    MAKING NITROGLYCERIN 

    ---------------------------------------

    1. FILL A 75-MILLILITER BEAKER TO THE 13 ML. LEVEL WITH FUMING RED 
    NITRIC ACID, OF 98% PURE CONCENTRATION. 

    2. PLACE THE BEAKER IN AN ICE BATH AND ALLOW TO COOL BELOW ROOM TEMP. 

    3. AFTER IT HAS COOLED, ADD TO IT THREE TIMES THE AMOUNT OF FUMING 
    SULFURIC ACID (99% H2SO4).  IN OTHER WORDS, ADD TO THE NOW-COOL FUMING 
    NITRIC ACID 39 ML. OF FUMING SULFURIC ACID.  WHEN MIXING ANY ACIDS, 
    ALWAYS DO IT SLOWLY AND CAREFULLY TO AVOID SPLATTERING. 

    4. WHEN THE TWO ARE MIXED, LOWER THEIR TEMP. BY ADDING MORE ICE TO 
    THE BATH, ABOUT 10-15 DEGREES CENTIGRADE. (USE A MERCURY-OPERATED 
    THERMOMETER) 

    5. WHEN THE ACID SOLUTION HAS COOLED TO THE DESIRED TEMPERATURE, IT 
    IS READY FOR THE GLYCERIN. THE GLYCERIN MUST BE ADDED IN SMALL 
    AMOUNTS USING A MEDICINE DROPPER.  (READ THIS STEP ABOUT 10 TIMES!)  
    GLYCERIN IS ADDED SLOWLY AND CAREFULLY (I MEAN CAREFUL!) UNTIL THE 
    ENTIRE SURFACE OF THE ACID IT COVERED WITH IT. 

    6. THIS IS A DANGEROUS POINT SINCE THE NITRATION WILL TAKE PLACE AS 
    SOON AS THE GLYCERIN IS ADDED. THE NITRATION WILL PRODUCE HEAT, SO 
    THE SOLUTION MUST BE KEPT BELOW 30 DEGREES CENTIGRADE! IF THE 
    SOLUTION SHOULD GO ABOVE 30 DEGREES,  IMMEDIATELY DUMP THE SOLUTION 
    INTO THE ICE BATH!  THIS WILL INSURE THAT IT DOES NOT GO OFF IN YOUR 
    FACE! 

    7. FOR HTE FIRST TEN MINUTES OF NITRATION, THE MIXTURE SHOULD BE 
    GENTLY STIRRED.  IN A NORMAL REACTION THE NITROGLYCERIN WILL FORMS A 
    LAYER ON TOP OF THE ACID SOLUTION, WHILE THE SULFURIC ACID WILL 
    ABSORB THE EXCESS WATER. 

    8. AFTER THE NITRATION HAS TAKEN PLACE, AND THE NITROGLYCERIN HAS 
    FORMED ON THE TOP OF THE SOLUTION, THE ENTIRE BEAKER SHOULD BE 
    TRANSFERRED SLOWLY AND CAREFULLY TO ANOTHER BEAKER OF WATER.  WHEN 
    THIS IS DONE THE NITROGLYCERIN WILL SETTLE AT THE BOTTOM SO THE OTHER 
    ACIDS CAN BE DRAINED AWAY. 

    9. AFTER REMOVING AS MUCH ACID AS POSSIBLE WITHOUT DISTURBING THE 
    NITROGLYCERIN, REMOVE THE NITROGLYCERIN WITH AN EYEDROPPER AND PLACE 
    IT IN A BICARBONATE OF SODA (SODIUM BICARBONATE IN CASE YOU DIDN'T 
    KNOW) SOLUTION.  THE SODIUM IS AN ALKALI AND WILL NEUTRALIZE MUCH OF 
    THE ACID REMAINING. THIS PROCESS SHOULD BE REPEATED AS MUCH AS 
    NECESSARY USING BLUE LITMUS PAPER TO CHECK FOR THE PRESENCE OF ACID.  
    THE REMAINING ACID ONLY MAKES THE NITROGLYCERIN- MORE UNSTABLE THAN 
    IT ALREADY IS. 

    10. FINALLY! THE FINAL STEP IS TO REMOVE THE NITROGLYCERIN FROM THE 
    BI-CARBONATE.  HIS IS DONE WITH AND EYE-DROPPER, SLOWLY AND 
    CAREFULLY.  THE USUAL TEST TO SEE IF NITRATION HAS BEEN SUCCESSFUL IS 
    TO PLACE ONE DROP OF THE NITROGLYCERIN ON METAL AND IGNITE IT.  IF IT 
    IS TRUE NITROGLYCERIN IT WILL BURN WITH A CLEAR BLUE FLAME. 

    ** CAUTION ** NITRO IS VERY SENSITIVE TO DECOMPOSITION, HEATING 
    DROPPING, OR JARRING, AND MAY EXPLODE IF LEFT UNDISTURBED AND COOL. 

    --------------------------------------

    NEXT ARTICLES: #2 MERCURY FULMINATE 
               #3 DYNAMITES
               #4 CHLORIDE OF AZODE
    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ                                                                 
    
    +-------------------------------------+ 
    ! King Arthur's Demolition article #2 ! 
    +-------------------------------------+ 

    I have decided to skip the article on mercury fluminate for a while 
    and get right into the dynamite article. 
    
    Dynamite is nothing more than just nitroglycerin and a stabilizing 
    agent to make it much safer to use.  For the sake of saving time, I 
    will abbreviate nitroglycerin with a plain NG.  The numbers are 
    percentages, be sure to mix these carefully and be sure to use the 
    exact amounts.  These percentages are in weight ratio, not volume. 


no.  ingredients                 amount
---------------------------------------
#1   NG                          32
     sodium nitrate              28
     woodmeal                    10
     ammonium oxalate            29
     guncotten                    1

#2   NG                          24
     potassium nitrate            9
     sodium nitate               56
     woodmeal                     9
     ammonium oxalate             2

#3   NG                          35.5
     potassium nitrate           44.5
     woodmeal                     6
     guncotton                    2.5
     vaseline                     5.5
     powdered charcoal            6

#4   NG                          25
     potassium nitrate           26
     woodmeal                    34
     barium nitrate               5
     starch                      10

#5   NG                          57
     potassium nitrate           19
     woodmeal                     9
     ammonium oxalate            12
     guncotton                    3

#6   NG                          18
     sodium nitrate              70
     woodmeal                     5.5
     potassium chloride           4.5
     chalk                        2

#7   NG                          26
     woodmeal                    40
     barium nitrate              32
     sodium carbonate             2

#8   NG                          44
     woodmeal                    12
     anhydrous sodium sulfate    44

#9   NG                          24
     potassium nitrate           32.5
     woodmeal                    33.5
     ammonium oxalate            10

#10  NG                          26
     potassium nitrate           33
     woodmeal                    41

#11  NG                          15
     sodium nitrate              62.9
     woodmeal                    21.2
     sodium carbonate              .9

#12  NG                          35
     sodium nitrate              27
     woodmeal                    10
     ammonium oxalate             1

#13  NG                          32
     potassium nitrate           27
     woodmeal                    10
     ammonium oxalate            30
     guncotton                    1

#14  NG                          33
     woodmeal                    10.3
     ammonium oxalate            29
     guncotton                     .7
     potassium perchloride       27

#15  NG                          40
     sodium nitrate              45
     woodmeal                    15

#16  NG                          47
     starch                      50
     guncotton                    3

#17  NG                          30
     sodium nitrate              22.3
     woodmeal                    40.5
     potassium chloride           7.2

#18  NG                          50
     sodium nitrate              32.6
     woodmeal                    17
     ammonium oxalate              .4

#19  NG                          23
     potassium nitrate           27.5
     woodmeal                    37
     ammonium oxalate             8
     barium nitrate               4
     calcium carbonate             .5
    
    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
                   Kitchen Improvised Plastic Explosives 
                      How to make type 'C-2' and 'C-3'   
                        plastic explosive compound.     
                                     by
                           Agrajag the Prolonged

    This article will cover the production of plastic explosives of the 
    type 'C-2' and 'C-3'.  These are highly undesirable because of 
    certain trait each has and they don't produce as much power as 'C' 
    and 'C-4' compounds. 

    It is not recommended you make these two types of plastique, this 
    article was written for informative purposes only.  (Just so you 
    can act like you know what you are doing). 

    Composition 'C-2' is harder to make than 'C-4' and is TOXIC TO 
    HANDLE. It is also unstable in storage and is poor choice for home 
    explosive manufacture. It also has a lower detonation velocity than 
    either 'C-4' or 'C-3'. 

    It is manufactured in a steam jacketed (heated) melting kettle using 
    the same procedure used in incorporation of 'C-3'.  Its composition 
    is as follows: 

    R.D.X................. 80% 
    (Equal parts of them following:) 
        Mononitrotolulene
        Dinitrotolulene
        T.N.T. guncotton
        Dimethylformide......... 20%

           (See Below for rest of recipe)

    'C-3' was developed to eliminate the undesirable aspects of 'C-2'.  
    It was standardized and adopted by the military as following 
    composition: 

    R.D.X................ 77% 
    Mononitrotolulene.... 16% 
    Dinitrotolulene......  5% 
    Tetryl...............  1% T.N.T. 
    guncotton.....  1% 

    'C-3' is manufactured by mixing the plasticizing agent in a steam 
    jacketed melting kettle equipped with a mechanical stirring 
    attachment.  The kettle is heated to 90-100 degrees Celcius and the 
    stirrer is activated.  Water wet R.D.X. is added to the plasticizing 
    agent and the stirring is continued until a uniform mixture is 
    obtained and all water has been driven off.  Remove the heat source 
    but continue to stir the mixture until it has cooled to room 
    temperature. 

    This explosive is as sensitive to impact as is T.N.T.  Storage at 65 
    degrees Celcius for four months at a relative humidity of 95% does 
    not impair it's explosive properties. 

    'C-3' is 133% as good as an explosive as good as an expulsive as is 
    T.N.T. The major drawback of 'C-3' is its volatility which causes it 
    to lose 1.2% of its weight although the explosives detonation 
    properties are not affected. 

    Water does not affect explosives performance.  It therefore is very 
    good for under-water demolition uses and would be a good choice for 
    such an application. 

    When stored at 77 degrees Celcius considerable extrudation takes 
    place. It will become hard at -29 degrees Celcius and is hard to 
    detonate at this temperature. 

    While this explosive is not unduly toxic, it should be handled with 
    care as it contains aryl-nitro compounds which are absorbed through 
    the skin. 

    It will reliably take detonation from a #6 blasting cap but the use 
    of a booster is always suggested.  This explosive has a great blast 
    effect and was still is available in standard demolition blocks. 

    Its detonation velocity is approximately 7700 M/second.

                       Live long and prosper,
                            Agrajag
    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
    
    /=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\         
    /=\=/     How to Make and use     \=/=\
    \=/=\        Nitroglycerin        /=\=/
    /=\=/    Edited by Irate Pirate   \=/=\
    \=/=\   Computer Pirates of Utah  /=\=/
    /=\=/    Phone: (801)-264-8201    /=\=/
    /=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\

    Nitroglycerin <heretofore Nitro> is a very powerful high explosive.  
    I am not sure who invented it but he probably didn't -- the first 
    person to make it probably blew himself up and his friend got the 
    info off his notes. Well anyway, the next best thing to nitro is TNT 
    which is ten times harder to make but also ten times safer to make.  
    If you can't use it then don't even TRY to make this stuff!!! 

    To Make Nitro:
    Mix 100 parts fuming nitric acid (for best results it should have a 
    specific gravity of 50 degrees Baume') with 200 parts sulfuric acid.  
    This is going to be HOT at first -- it won't splatter if you pour the 
    nitric INTO the sulfuric but don't try it the other way around.  The 
    acid solutions together can dissolve flesh in a matter of seconds so 
    take the proper measures for God's sake!!!  When cool, add 38 parts 
    glycerine as slowly as possible. Let it trickle down the sides of the 
    container into the acids or it won't mix thoroughly and the reaction 
    could go to fast -- which causes enough heat to ignite the stuff.  
    Stir with a **GLASS** rod for 15 seconds or so then CAREFULLY pour it 
    into 20 time it's volume of water.  It will visibly precipitate 
    immediately.  There will be twice as much Nitro as you used glycerin 
    and it is easy to separate. Mix it with baking soda as soon as you 
    have separated it -- this helps it not to go off spontaneously. 

    NOTES: 
    Parts are by weight and the Baume' scale of specific gravity can be 
    found in most chemical. books.  You can get fuming nitric and sulfuric 
    acid wherever good chemicals or fertilizers are sold.  It is 
    positively *STUPID* to make more than 200 grams of Nitro at a time.  
    When mixing the stuff wear goggles, gloves, etc.  When I first made 
    the stuff I had the honor of having it go off by itself (I added too 
    much glycerine at the time.) I was across the room at the time, but I 
    felt the impact -- so did the table it was on as well as the window 
    it was next to --- they were both smashed by only 25 grams in an open 
    bowl.)  Oh, yes, glycerine you can get at any pharmacy and you need 
    no adult signature for the acids.  Any bump can make Nitro go off if 
    you don't add the bicarbonate (baking soda) -- but even with that, if 
    it gets old I wouldn't play catch with it. 

    Once you have made the Nitro and saturated it with Bicarb. you can 
    make a really powerful explosive that won't go off by itself by 
    simply mixing it with as much cotton as you can and then saturating 
    that with molten (paraffin -- just enough to make it sealed and 
    hard.)  Typically use the same amounts (by weight) of each Nitro, 
    cotton and paraffin.  This, when wrapped in newspaper, was once know 
    as "Norbin and Ohlsson's Patent Dynamite," but that was back in 1896. 

    **Carefully** mix equal amounts of nitric acid and sulfuric acid 
    together in a graduated cylinder or other tall, thin container.  
    Slowly add ordinary glycerin a stir very lightly.  Wait a while, and 
    pour off the liquid on top. This liquid is nitroglycerine, and 
    should be handled with caution. Washing it with sodium carbonate 
    will improve the purity. 

    As for the use of what you just made let me know...... 

    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ


               THE PEN GUN
                   BY
              THE ARCHITECT

    The growing world of household weapons would not be complete without 
    the infamous PEN GUN. This versatile weapon which doubles as a 
    household pen, can be shot up to 2 feet and still do sub stantial 
    damage to the enemies' eyes or what not. 

    STEP 1: acquire a "push pen", one that snaps in and out when you 
    press the back of the pen. 

    STEP 2: next, disassemble this pen so that you have the 4 parts 
    needed to fire your semi-automatic weapon. 

    1> the pusher (found in the back) 
    2> the little pusher (found in the pusher) 
    3> the spring (found on top of the ink case) 
    4> the ink case (the long thing with ink in it) 

    Once you have discovered these parts. arrange them in such a way so 
    that you can see each of the parts. 

    STEP 4: now, you must follow these instructions closely. 

    1> put the pusher in it's old place. be sure not to put the little 
    pusher in it! 
    2> put the spring in next (all this goes in the back of the pen) 
    3> on top of the spring goes the little pusher. 
    4> put the ink case on top of the little pusher and replace the 
    front. (this cram all of the little parts together and make them 
    stick in there. 

    5> remove the top. and leave the ink case in, as this will be the 
    pain inflicting element. 

    To activate this little gun, just push the pusher! (some extra force 
    may be required) 

    This little weapon/writing utensil, can be used to write a paper or 
    blind an enemy! It's also good for shooting the person in front of 
    you in class (be sure he's wearing thick clothes unless 
    you want to hurt him) 

    Enjoy! 

    The Architect 

    Disclaimer: 

    The Architect assumes no responsibility for the actions of others in 
    the use of this mechanical wonder. 
    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
    
                        HOW TO MAKE PLASTIC EXPLOSIVES

    A PLASTIC EXPLOSIVE FILLER CAN BE MADE FROM POTASSIUM CHLORATE AND 
    PETROLEUM JELLY. THIS EXPLOSIVE CAN BE DETONATED IN ANY MILITARY 
    BLASTING CAP. (FIND A FRIEND IN THE SERVICE OR IN THE RESERVE, OR 
    STEAL ONE). 

    MATERIALS: 
    ----------
    POTASSIUM CHLORATE - THIS CHEMICAL IS USED FOR MEDICINAL PURPOSES, 
    AND IN THE MANUFACTURE OF MATCHES. 

    PETROLEUM JELLY - JUST GET SOME VASELINE OR NO-NAME BRAND. 

    PIECE OF ROUND STICK 

    WIDE BOWL OR OTHER CONTAINER FOR MIXING INGREDIENTS. 


    PROCEDURE: 
    ----------
    1) SPREAD THE POT. NIT. CRYSTALS THINLY ON A HARD SURFACE.  ROLL THE 
    ROUND STICK OVER THE CRYSTALS TO CRUSH INTO WHAT LOOKS LIKE WHEAT 
    FLOUR. 

    2) PLACE 9 PARTS POWDERED POTASSIUM CHLORATE AND 1 PART PETROLEUM 
    JELLY IN A WIDE BOWL OR SIMILAR CONTAINER.  MIX THE INGREDIENTS WITH 
    YOUR HANDS (KNEAD) UNTIL A UNIFORM PASTE IS OBTAINED. 

    STORE THE EXPLOSIVE IN A WATERPROOF CONTAINER UNTIL YOU ARE READY TO 
    USE IT. 



    PLASTIC EXPLOSIVES-

    MIX 7 PARTS POTASSIUM CHLORATE FOR EVERY ONE PART OF PETROLEUM JELLY
    (VASELINE WILL DO) THEN USE AN ELECTRIC CHARGE OR A FUSE.

    NITRO IODIDE-

    OK, THIS IS HOW TO MAKE NITRIC IODIDE. MIX SOME SOLID IODINE WITH 
    HOUSEHOLD AMMONIA. WAIT OVERNIGHT. POUR OFF THE LIQUID. LET THE MUD 
    FROM THE BOTTOM DRY ON A HARD SURFACE OUTSIDE LIKE CONCRETE. THROW 
    SOMETHING ON IT. IT WILL GO OFF AT THE SOUND OF A VOICE BECAUSE IT IS 
    SO UNSTABLE. 
    
    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
    
    KITCHEN IMPROVISED PLASTIC EXPLOSIVES
    BY TIM LEWIS PART II  RDX MANUFACTURE

    RDX IS THE MAIN INGREDIENT IN THE REST OF THE PLASTIC EXPLOSIVES I 
    WILL COVER. THE PRODUCTION OF RDX IS VERY DANGEROUS IF YOU DON'T KNOW 
    WHAT YOU ARE DOING. DO NOT ATTEMPT ANY OF THIS IF YOU WISH TO LIVE 
    TILL YOUR NEXT BIRTHDAY! 

    SINCE THE FIRST PART OF WWII THE ARMED FORCES OF THE UNITED STATES 
    HAS BEEN SEARCHING FOR THE PERFECT PLASTIQUE EXPLOSIVES TO BE USED IN 
    DEMOLITION WORK. THIS SEARCH LEAD TO THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE 'C' 
    COMPOSITION PLASTIQUE EXPLOSIVES. OF THIS GROUP C-4 BEING THE LATEST 
    FORMULATION THAT HAS BEEN READILY ADOPTED BY THE ARMED FORCES. THIS 
    FORMULATION WAS PRECEDED BY C-3, C-2, AND C. 

    IN THIS SERIES OF ARTICLES, I WILL COVER ALL THESE EXPLOSIVES IN 
    THEIR CHRONOLOGICAL PROGRESSION AS THEY WERE DEVELOPED AND 
    STANDARDIZED BY THE ARMED FORCES. ALL THESE EXPLOSIVES ARE CYCLONITE 
    OR R.D.X. BASE WITH VARIOUS PLASTICIZING AGENTS USED TO ACHIEVE THE 
    DESIRED PRODUCT. THIS PLASTICIZER, USUALLY COMPOSES 7%-20% OF THE 
    TOTAL WEIGHT OF THE PLASTIQUE. CYCLOTRIMETHYLENETRINITTRIME OR 
    CYCLONITE IS MANUFACTURED IN BULK BY THE NITRATION OF 
    HEXAMETHYLENETETRAMINE, (METHENAMINE, HEXAMINE, ETC., ETC.) WITH 
    STRONG RED 100% NITRIC ACID. THE HARDEST PART OF THIS REACTION IS 
    OBTAINING THIS RED NITRIC ACID. IT WILL MOST LIKELY HAVE TO BE MADE. 
    MORE ON THIS LATER. HEXAMINE OR METHENAMINE CAN USUALLY BE BOUGHT IN 
    BULK QUANTITIES OR HEXAMINE FUEL BARS FOR CAMP STOVES CAN BE USED BUT 
    THEY END UP BEING VERY EXPLOSIVE. TO USE THE FUEL BARS THE NEED TO 
    BE POWERED BEFORE HAND. THE HEXAMINE CAN ALSO BE MADE WITH COMMON 
    AMMONIA WATER (30%) AND THE COMMONLY AVAILABLE 36% FORMALDEHYDE 
    SOLUTION. TO MAKE THIS COMPONENT PLACE 185 GRAMS OF CLEAR AMMONIA 
    WATER IN A SHALLOW PYREX DISH. TO THIS ADD 500ML OF THE FORMALDEHYDE 
    SOLUTION TO THE AMMONIA WATER. ALLOW THIS TO EVAPORATE AND WHEN THE 
    CRYSTALS ARE ALL THAT REMAINS IN THE PAN PLACE THE PAN IN THE OVEN ON 
    THE LOWEST HEAT THAT THE OVEN HAS. THIS SHOULD BE DONE ONLY FOR A 
    MOMENT OR SO TO DRIVE OFF ANY REMAINING WATER. THESE CRYSTALS ARE 
    SCRAPED UP AND PLACED IN A AIRTIGHT JAR TO STORE THEM UNTIL THEY ARE 
    USED. TO MAKE THE RED NITRIC ACID YOU WILL NEED TO BUY A RETORT WITH 
    A GROUND GLASS STOPPER.  IN THE RETORT PLACE 32 GRAMS SULFURIC ACID, 
    (98%-100%), AND TO THIS ADD 68 GRAMS OF POTASSIUM NITRATE OR 58 GRAMS 
    OF SODIUM NITRATE.  GENTLY HEATING THIS RETORT WILL GENERATE A RED 

    GAS CALLED NITROGEN TRIOXIDE. THIS GAS IS HIGHLY POISONOUS AND THIS 
    STEP, AS WITH ALL OTHER STEPS, SHOULD BE DONE WI TH GOOD VENTILATION. 
    THIS NITRIC ACED THAT IS FORMED WILL COLLECT IN THE NECK OF THE 
    RETORT AND FORM DROPLETS THAT WILL RUN DOWN THE INSIDE OF THE NECK OF 
    THE RETORT AND SHOULD BE CAUGHT IN A BEAKER COOLED BY BEING 
    SURROUNDED BY ICE WATER. 
 
    THIS SHOULD BE HEATED TILL NO MORE COLLECTS IN THE NECK OF THE RETORT 
    AND THE NITRIC ACID QUITS DRIPPING OUT OF THE NECK INTO THE BEAKER. 
    THIS ACID SHOULD BE STORED UNTIL ENOUGH ACID IS GENERATED TO PRODUCE 
    THE REQUIRED SIZE BATCH WHICH IS DETERMINED BY THE PERSON PRODUCING 
    THE EXPLOSIVE. OF COURSE THE BATCH CAN BE LARGER OR SMALLER BUT THE 
    SAME RATIONS SHOULD BE MAINTAINED. TO MAKE R.D.X. PLACE 550 GRAMS OF 
    THE NITRIC ACID PRODUCED BY THE ABOVE PROCEDURE IN A 1000 ML. BEAKER 
    IN A SAL TED BATH. 50 GRAMS OF HEXAMINE, (METHENAMINE) IS ADDED IN 
    SMALL PORTIONS MAKING SURE THAT THE TEMPERATURE OF THE ACID DOES NOT 
    GO ABOVE 30 DEGREES CELCIUS. THIS TEMPERATURE CAN BE MONITORED BY 
    PLACING A THERMOMETER DIRECTLY IN THE ACID MIXTURE. DURING THIS 
    PROCEDURE A VIGOROUS STIRRING SHOULD BE MAINTAINED. IF THE 
    TEMPERATURE APPROACHES 30 DEGREES, IMMEDIATELY STOP THE ADDITION OF 
    THE HEXAMINE UNTIL THE TEMPERATURE DROPS TO AN ACCEPTABLE LEVEL. 

    AFTER THE ADDITION IS COMPLETE CONTINUE THE STIRRING AND ALLOW THE 
    TEMPERATURE TO DROP TO 0 DEGREES CELCIUS AND ALLOW IT TO STAY THERE 
    FOR 20 MINUTES CONTINUING THE VIGOROUS STIRRING. AFTER THE 20 MINUTES 
    ARE UP, POUR THIS ACID-HEXAMINE MIXTURE INTO 1000 ML. OF FINELY 
    CRUSHED ICE AND WATER. CRYSTALS SHOULD FORM AND ARE FILTERED OUT OF 
    THE LIQUID. THE CRYSTALS THAT ARE FILTERED OUT ARE R.D.X. AND WILL 
    NEED TO HAVE ALL TRACES OF THE ACID REMOVED. TO REMOVE THIS TRACE OF 
    ACID, FIRST WASH THESE CRYSTALS BY PUTTING THEM IN ICE WATER AND 
    SHAKING AND REFILTERING. THESE CRYSTALS ARE THEN PLACED IN A LITTLE 
    BOILING WATER AND FILTERED. PLACE THEM IN SOME WARM WATER AND CHECK 
    THE ACIDITY FOR THE RESULTANT SUSPENSION WITH LITMUS PAPER. YOU WANT 
    IT TO READ BETWEEN 6 AND 7 ON THE PH SCALE. IF THERE IS STILL ACID IN 
    THESE CRYSTALS REBOIL THEM IN FRESH WATER UNTIL THE ACID IS REMOVED 
    AND THE LITMUS PAPER SHOWS THEM BETWEEN 6 AND 7, (THE CLOSER TO 7 THE 
    BETTER). 
    
    TO BE SAFE THESE CRYSTALS SHOULD BE STORED WATER WET UNTIL READY FOR 
    USE. THESE CRYSTALS ARE A VERY HIGH EXPLOSIVE AND SHOULD BE TREATED 
    WITH THE RESPECT THEY DESERVE! THIS EXPLOSIVE IS MUCH MORE POWERFUL 
    THAN T.N.T. TO USE, THESE WILL NEED TO BE DRIED FOR SOME 
    MANUFACTURING PROCESSES IN THE NEXT FEW ARTICLES. TO DRY THESE 
    CRYSTALS, PLACE THEM IN A PAN AND SPREAD THEM OUT AND ALLOW THE WATER 
    TO EVAPORATE OFF THEM UNTIL THE ARE COMPLETELY DRY. THIS EXPLOSIVE 
    WILL DETONATE IN THIS DRY FORM WHEN PRESSED INTO A MOLD TO A DENSITY 
    OF 1.55 GRAMS CUBED, AT A VELOCITY OF 8550 M/SECOND! 
 
    COMPARISON OF DETONATION VELOCITIES
     +------------------------------+
8600 !                              !
8500 !      %%%                     !
8400 !      %%%                     !
8300 !      %%%                     !
8200 !      %%%                     !
8100 !      %%%                 %%% !
8000 !      %%%                 %%% !
7900 !      %%%  %%%            %%% !
7800 !      %%%  %%%            %%% !
7700 !      %%%  %%%       %%%  %%% !
7600 !      %%%  %%%  %%%  %%%  %%% !
7500 !      %%%  %%%  %%%  %%%  %%% !
7400 !      %%%  %%%  %%%  %%%  %%% !
7300 !      %%%  %%%  %%%  %%%  %%% !
7200 !      %%%  %%%  %%%  %%%  %%% !
7100 !      %%%  %%%  %%%  %%%  %%% !
7000 !      %%%  %%%  %%%  %%%  %%% !
6900 ! %%%  %%%  %%%  %%%  %%%  %%% !
6800 ! %%%  %%%  %%%  %%%  %%%  %%% !
   +--------------------------------+
       TNT  RDX   C   C-2  C-3  C-4
 
    YOU MAY OBTAIN A CATALOG OF BOOKS THAT 
    THEY SELL BY WRITING 

    INFORMATION PUBLISHING CO. 
    BOX 10042 ODESSA, TEXAS 79762 
 
    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
    
         POTASSIUM NITRATE


    MORE THINGS TO DO WITH POTASSIUM NITRATE (BESIDES GUN POWDER). WELL A 
    GREAT THING TO DO IS TO MIX IT 50% WITH SUGAR AND PUT IT IN A TIN CAN 
    WITH THE TOP SAWED OFF. MIX IT WELL THEN LIGHT AND MAKE A LOT OF 
    SMOKE. IT WILL MELT CAN TO THE GROUND. FOR THE PURISTS WHAT IS 
    HAPPENING IS THE POTASSIUM NITRATE IS OXIDIZING THE SUGAR WHICH AND 
    GOOD BIO STUDENT KNOWS HAS HIGH ENERGY IN IT! SO WATCH WHAT IS 
    HAPPENING YOUR BODY AND A SLIGHTLY ACCELERATED. 
    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
    _________________________________
    [                                 ]
    [       THE FIRST BOOK OF         ] 
    [          PYROMANIACS            ]
    [                                 ]
    [    BY: GREY WOLF                ]
    [         <THE COMMANDERS>        ]
    [_________________________________]



    P.S.  DON'T KILL YOURSELF...

    .......................................

          ->UNSTABLE EXPLOSIVE<-
            ^^^^^^^^ ^^^^^^^^^


    1)  MIX SOLID NITRIC IODINE WITH HOUSEHOLD AMMONIA 

    2)  WAIT OVERNIGHT 

    3)  POUR OFF THE LIQUID 

    4)  DRY MUD ON BOTTOM TO HARD (LIKE CONCRETE) 

    5)  THROW SOMETHING AT IT! 
    

            ->SMOKE BOMBS<-
              ^^^^^ ^^^^^


    1)  MIX:     3 PARTS SUGAR 
                 --------------------
                 6 PARTS EPSON SALTS

    2)  PUT IN TINCAN, ONTO LOW FLAME  (LIKE A LIGHTER)   

    3)  LET GEL and HARDEN 

    4)  PUT A MATCH IN AS A FUSE. 

    5)  LIGHT IT and RUN LIKE HELL 'CAUSE 4 POUNDS WILL FILL A CITY 
    BLOCK... 


    ->MEDIUM EXPLOSIVE<-
      ^^^^^^ ^^^^^^^^^ 

    1)  MIX:  7 PARTS POTASIUM CHLORATE 
         ---------------------------
             1 PART VASELINE

    2)  TO IGNITE, USE AN ELECTRIC CHARGE OR A FUSE. 

           ->CAR BOMB<-
             ^^^ ^^^^

    1)  PUT LIQUID DRAINO INTO A PILL BOX (THE KIND YOU GET WHEN YOU'RE 
    ON A PRESCRIPTION, NOTHING ELSE WILL WORK) 

    2)  CLOSE THE LID and POP THE THING INTO THE GAS TANK 

    3)  WAIT 5 MIN. 

    4)  RUN 


         ->PLASTIC EXPLOSIVES<-
           ^^^^^^^ ^^^^^^^^^^

    1)  MIX:   2 PARTS VASELINE 
               ------------------
               1 PART GASOLINE 

    2)  IGNITE WITH AN ELECTRIC CHARGE. 
    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
         
                    PYROMANIAC'S GUIDE
        
    Today boys and girls we will tell you all about having fun with a few 
    simple items that you can buy easily or may even have in your home. 

    Since most of you are simple-minded, uncoordinated morons, I will 
    start you out slowly and simply (like you). 

    Our first project is a sure fire way to be the life of the party.  
    Real sure fire.  This item is called a "Handy House Warmer."  All you 
    need are three items which can easily be obtained.  The first item is 
    a roll of electrical tape (starts easy).  Second, a large can of 
    Sterno, easily bought at any camping or hardware store.  Third, an M-
    80 or other similar explosive plaything. 

    Step one in the construction of our pyrotecnic wonder is to remove 
    the top of the sterno and, using an ice pick or other sharp item, 
    punch a hole in the top of the can.  Step two is placing the M-80 
    into the sterno gel.  Make sure it is well covered by the gel.  Step 
    three is to replace the cap, making sure to thread the M-80 fuse 
    through the hole in the cap.  After securing the lid tightly on the 
    can, you can start the final phase to fun.  The last step is simply 
    to wind tape tightly around the entire can, making sure to cover it 
    completely with at least three layers of tape but not more than six 
    layers. 

    Now, as you can tell, when you go to use our incendiary toy to 
    cheaply and efficiently heat any home in your neighborhood, all you 
    have to do is light the fuse and run.  The other advantages of this 
    are that Sterno sticks to almost anything and is very difficult to 
    put out, needing to be completely smothered, and that Sterno is 
    highly prone to reignition (very similar to napalm).  This type of 
    firecracker is handy in small areas such as inside cars, small rooms, 
    phone booths, rectums, etc... 

    Now, I am not advocating the use of this item for anything but your 
    own personal fireworks displays and enjoyment, but where and what you 
    call enjoyment I won't judge. 

    Well, boys and girls, that's all for today.  Hope you enjoyed our 
    time together and remember my motto:  DEATH IS JUST A STATE OF MIND. 

    T. T. F. N. from G. W. 
    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ

                                  Rocket Bombs

                                 BY: MR. DEATH

    HAVE YOU EVER WANTED TO BUILD YOUR OWN WARHEAD CARRYING ROCKET? WELL 
    NOW  YOU CAN WITH THE NEW "BLOW-EM-UP" ROCKET BOMB PLANS FROM MR. 
    DEATH. FIRST YOU MUST HAVE SOME SORT OF EXPERIENCE IN MODEL ROCKETRY. 
    THEN GO OUT AND BUY A "D" OR "E" ENGINE ROCKET THAT IS FAIRLY SIMPLE. 

    MAKE THE ROCKET LIKE THEY SAY AND THEN FILL THE NOSE CONE WITH SOME 
    SUBSTANCE THAT HAS THE SAME WEIGHT OR CLOSE TO FLASH-POWDER. DETACH 
    THE NOSE CONE FROM THE SHOCK CORD SO THAT ONLY THE BODY WILL BE 
    CONNECTED TO THE PARACHUTE. GET A GOOD STOPWATCH AND A PAIR OF GOOD 
    BINOCULARS AND LAUNCH THE ROCKET STRAIGHT UP. WATCH THE ROCKET AND 
    START TIMING WHEN THE EJECTION CHARGE BLOWS THE CONE FREE AND STOP 
    TIMING RIGHT WHEN THE CONE IMPACTS ON THE GROUND. 

    THEN RETRIEVE THE BODY AND GET ANOTHER NOSE CONE. FILL THE NOSE CONE 
    WITH FLASH POWDER AND BLOCK UP THE HOLE WITH MODEL CEMENT. MAKE SURE 
    TO HAVE A NICE LITTLE FUSE STICKING OUT OF THE CEMENT. THAT FUSE 
    SHOULD BE A LITTLE SMALLER THAN THE AMOUNT OF TIME IT TOOK FOR 
    IMPACT. (SMALLER TIME-WISE) FIGURE THAT IF IT TOOK 30 SEC. TO FALL 
    THEN THE FUSE SHOULD BE ENOUGH FOR ABOUT 25 SEC. NOW THIS IS GOOD FOR 
    A BOMB THAT WILL GO STRAIGHT UP AND COME STRAIGHT DOWN. NOW IF YOU 
    WANT TO SHOOT IT ON AN ANGLE, THEN YOU MUST USE SOME FORMULA TO 
    FIGURE OUT HOW HIGH THE ROCKET WILL BE WHEN EJECTION OCCURS SO THAT 
    YOU CAN TIME YOUR FUSE RIGHT. REMEMBER TO USE A NO-TIME DELAY ENGINE 
    SO THAT THE EJECTION CHARGE WILL OCCUR IMMEDIATELY. HAVE FUN. 

                   *** MR. DEATH ***
    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
    
    SOFT DRINK CAN BOMB       

    
    This is an anti-personnel bomb meant for milling crowds. The bottom 
    of a soft drink can is half cut out and bent back. A giant 
    firecracker or other explosive is put in and surrounded with nuts and 
    bolts or rocks. The fuse is then armed with a chemical delay in a 
    plastic drinking straw. 

    After first making sure there are no children nearby, the acid or 
    glycerine is put into the straw and the can is set down by a tree or 
    wall where it will not be knocked over. The delay should give you 
    three to five minutes. It will then have a shattering effect on 
    passerbys. 

    It is hardly likely that anyone would pick up and drink from someone 
    else's soft drink can. But if such a crude person should try to drink 
    from your bomb he would break a nasty habit fast! 

               !!
               !!
               !! <-chemical ingiter
           ---------
           !  !1!  !
           ! ===== !
           !*!   !"!
           ! !   ! !
           ! !   ! !<- big firecracker
           ! !   !%!
           ! ====  !
           !       !
           !   #   !
           ! ---   !
           !  !    ! <- nuts and bolts
           !  /    !
           !       !
           ---------
    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ

    S T I N K U M
    
    FROM THE POOR MAN'S JAMES BOND BY KURT SAXON 
    TYPED BY THE PENGUIN 

    IRON SULFIDE IS SOLD FOR $.35 FOR ONLY 1/8TH OF AN OUNCE. EASIER TO 
    MAKE AND JUST AS POTENT AND COSTING ABOUT $.50 A QUART IS AMMONIUM 
    SULFIDE. IT STINKS TO HIGH HEAVEN LIKE ROTTEN EGGS AND NO ONE CAN 
    STAND TO STAY AROUND IT ONCE IT HAS BEEN SPILLED ON THE FLOOR OR 
    VAPORIZED BY AN EXPLOSION. 

    TO MAKE SOME, YOU MIX 4 OUNCES OF SULFUR R WITH 8 OUNCES OF HYDRATED 
    LIME IN A STEW POT. A QUART OF WATER IS ADDED AND THE MESS IS HEATED 
    AND STIRRED UNTIL THE SULFER HAS COMPLETELY BLENDED. THE HYDRATED 
    LIME WILL SINK TO THE BOTTOM OF THE PAN AND THE YELLOW LIQUID IS THEN 
    POURED OFF INTO A BUCKET 

    TAKE THE BUCKET OUTSIDE, IF YOU HAVE ANY SENSE, AND ADD 1 POUND OF 
    SULFATE OF AMMONIA. STIR IT A MINUTE AND HOLD YOUR NOSE. THEN COVER 
    THE BUCKET WITH PLASTIC WRAP AND LET IT SET FOR ABOUT A HALF HOUR. 
    THEN POUR OFF THE LIQUID SLOWLY THROUGH A CLOTH FILTER INTO A BOTTLE. 
    IF YOU DON'T HAVE AN OUTSIDE YOU CAN USE YOUR BATHROOM, JUST HOPE NO 
    ONE HAS TO GO FOR AN HOUR OR SO. THE LIQUID IS VILE BUT NOT POISON. 

    A 5 POUND BAG OF SULFATE OF AMMONIA FOR $1.65 CAN BE BOUGHT AT ANY 
    GARDEN STORE AND GARDEN SULFER IS VERY HIGH GRADE AND MAKES EXCELLENT 
    GUN POWDER. IT HAS 10% INERT INGREDIENTS SO 10% MORE SHOULD BE ADDED 
    TO ANY FORMULA REQUIRED-ING SULFER. I BOUGHT THE HYDRATED LIME FROM A 
    BUILDING SUPPLY STORE FOR $.10 A POUND. 

    STINKUM IS EITHER POURED ON THE FLOOR, SHOT FROM A WATER PISTOL, 
    THROWN IN A BOTTLE OR LIGHT BULB OR VAPORIZED BY A FIRECRACKER. THE 
    SAME GOES FOR THE FORMALDEHYDE OR ACROLEIN. TO VAPORIZE THE ABOVE 
    NASTIES, A LITTLE BOMB IS USED. THE BEST BOMB CASING IS A PLASTIC 
    COIN HOLDER WITH A SCREW CAP. THESE CAN BE BOUGHT FROM ANY COIN SHOP 
    FOR $.10 EACH. THE THIN BRASS TUBING IS BOUGHT AT A HOBBY SHOP. THE 
    WAX IS BOUGHT AT A GROCERY IN THE CANNING SECTION. TO KEEP THE 
    FIRECRACKER FROM GETTING WET, DIP IT AND PART OF THE TUBING INTO 
    MELTED WAX. ENOUGH GOODY IS POURED INTO THE COIN HOLDER TO MAKE IT 
    FULL WHEN THE FIRECRACKER IS PUT IN AND THE LID IS SCREWED ON. IT IS 
    FILLED AS SOON AS POSSIBLE BEFORE USING. 

    IT IS IGNITED WITH A CHEMICAL IGNITER, SHOWN FURTHER ON, OR WITH A 
    MATCH OR CIGARETTE. THE SAME SYSTEM CAN BE USED IN A GLASS BOTTLE BUT 
    THAT MIGHT INJURE SOMEONE. 

             ! <- FUSE
            ---
            ! ! <- BRASS TUBE
            ! !
            ! !
            (^) <- AIRPLANE GLUE
          -------
          ! !1! !
          !  /  !
          !  /  !
          !-----! <- WAX
          !  1  !
          !  1  !
          ! === !
          ! ! ! !
          ! ! ! ! <- FIRECRACKER
          ! ! ! !
          ! ! ! !
          ! === !
          !-----!

     Edited by : Quasimoto
    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
    
    TEAR GAS


    THERE ARE SEVERAL EYE AND NOSE IRRITANTS ON THE MARKET WHICH CAN BE BE 
    EASILY DUPLICATED. 

    A GOOD IRRITANT IS FORMALDEHYDE. BETTER KNOWN AS EMBALMING FLUID, IT 
    SMELLS HORRIBLE, HURTS THE EYES AND NOSE, AND B ON EXPOSURE TO THE AIR 
    IT VAPORIZES, MAKING A ROOM UNINHABITABLE FOR HOURS. 

    IT CAN BE SQUIRTED FROM A WATER PISTOL OR NASAL INHALER, POURED ON 
    THE FLOOR OR VAPORIZED BY A BOMB DESCRIBED IN THE STINKUM FILE. 

    FORMALDEHYDE CAN BE BOUGHT AT THE DRUG STORE UNDER THE PRETEXT OF 
    WANTING IT TO PRESERVE MICE OR OTHER LAB SPECIMEN. 

    -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

    THE IRRITANT MAILMEN USE AGAINST DOGS AND WHICH IS SOLD WIDELY FOR 
    SELF DEFENSE IS OLEORESID CAPSICUM. CAPSICUM IS THE HOT ESSENCE OF 
    RED PEPPERS. 
    
    OLEORESIN IS THE PROCESS FOR EXTRACTING IT. TO EXTRACT THE CAPSICUM, 
    GRIND UP FOUR OUNCES OF RED PEPPER SEEDS IN A BLENDER OR WITH A 
    MORTAR AND B PESTLE. RED PEPPER SEEDS ARE BOUGHT IN THE GROCERS'S. 

    THE DRY, GROUND SEEDS ARE THEN PUT INTO A COFFEE PERCOLATOR IN WHICH 
    THERE IS ABOUT 16 OUNCES OF ALCOHOL,PREFERABLY WITH THE WATER 
    DISTILLED OUT. THE SEEDS ARE THEN PERCOLATED FOR ABOUT A HALF HOUR. 
    THE ALCOHOL IS THEN DISTILLED OFF UNTIL THERE ARE ONLY A COUPLE OF 
    TABLE SPOONS OF RED LIQUID LEFT IN THE FLASK. THE RED LIQUID IS THEN 
    ADDED TO A HALF PINT OF LIGHT MINERAL OIL, BOUGHT AT A DRUG STORE. 

    IT CAN BE SPRAYED FROM A NASAL SPRAY . ANOTHER GOOD WAY IS WITH A 
    WINDOW CLEANING SPRAYER BOUGHT AT ANY DIME STORE. THE TUBE OF THE 
    SPRAYER IS CUT TO FIT IN A TWO OUNCE MEDICINE BOTTLE. THIS WAY YOU 
    HAVE ENOUGH OF THE GOODY TO LAST THROUGH A WHOLE DEMONSTRATION, NO 
    MATTER WHICH SIDE YOU'RE ON. IT IS ALSO NICE TO KEEP BY THE DOOR OR 
    BY YOUR COMPUTER TO REPEL INTRUDERS. INTRUDERS. (BELL SECURITY!) 

    BEFORE USING, THE CONTAINER SHOULD BE GIVEN A PHEW SHAKES. UNDER 
    LABORATORY ORY CONDITIONS ALL THE OIL IS EXTRACTED FROM THE SEEDS. BUT 
    WITH MY MICKEY MOUSE METHOD A LOT OF OIL IS LEFT IN SO THE RESIDUE IS 
    QUITE POTENT. JUST BE SURE YOU STRAIN OUT ANY LARGER BITS SO THE 
    SPRAYER HOLE IS NOT CLOGGED. 

    THE GROUND SEEDS LEFT IN THE PERCOLATOR ARE DRIED AND SAVED. THEY ARE 
    GREAT FOR THROWING INTO THE FACES OF PEOPLE IN A MOB. IF YOU REALLY 
    WANT A LAUGH, THROW SOME BROADCAST FROM A THEATER BALCONY DURING THE 
    DEATH SCENE IN "LOVE STORY". 

    THE GOODY CALLED MACE IS PROBABLY ONLY ACROLEIN. IF NOT, IT WORKS 
    JUST AS WELL AS MACE AND IS SIMPLE AND FUN TO PRODUCE. IT IS THE SAME 
    PRODUCT AS DESCRIBED ON PAGES 104 THROUGH 106 OF THE ANARCHIST 
    COOKBOOK. MINE HOWEVER, IS BROKEN DOWN AND SIMPLIFIED. 

    ACROLEIN IS NOT TOXIC BUT CAUSES HORRIBLE PAIN IN THE NOSE AND 
    COPIOUS TEARS, AND IRRITATES THE SKIN. A SHOT IN THE FACE FROM A 
    WATER PISTOL OR SOME OTHER SPRAYER WILL PUT ANYONE OUT OF THE GAME 
    FOR AT LEAST HALF AN HOUR. 

    ACROLEIN IS BEST MADE AND OUNCE AT A TIME. PUT IN THE FLASK 2 1/2 
    OUNCES OF GLYCERINE AND 3/4 OUNCE OF SODIUM BISULFATE (SANI-FLUSH), 
    BOTH OF WHICH CAN BE BOUGHT AT ANY GROCERY STORE. 

    THE STILL IS SET UP WITH THE OUTSIDE TUBE CONNECTED AS THE FUMES ARE 
    BAD. WHEN THE MIXTURE STARTS TO BUBBLE IT MUST BE WATCHED CONSTANTLY 
    TO MAKE SURE IT DOES NOT BUBBLE UP INTO THE NECK OF THE FLASK. IF IT 
    STARTS FOR THE NECK OF THE FLASK, REMOVE THE LAMP UNTIL IT SETTLES 
    DOWN. IF THE LAMP IS TOO HOT, THE TIN CAN IS RAISED ON SMALL BLOCKS 
    UNTIL THE RIGHT HEAT IS GOTTEN. 

    DISTILL OFF AN OUNCE OF ACROLEIN AND TAKE AWAY THE LAMP. AN OUNCE IS 
    ALL THIS SIZE BATCH IS GOOD FOR. LET THE FLASK COOL FOR AND HOUR 
    BEFORE OPENING AND CLEANING. POUR THE RESIDUE DOWN THE SINK AND PUT 
    YOUR FACE OVER THE DRAIN TO GET A SAMPLE OF THE VAPOR. THEN CAP THE 
    RECEIVING BOTTLE AND WASH EVERYTHING THE ACROLEIN WAS IN CONTACT 
    WITH. THE BEST SQUIRTER FOR THE THREE IRRITANTS ABOVE IS A WATER 
    PISTOL. MOST WATER PISTOL. MOST WATER PISTOLS LEAK BADLY SO THEY 
    MUST BE TRANSPORTED BARREL UP SO THE GOODY WON'T OOZE OUT AROUND 
    THE TRIGGER. IT WILL LEAK WHEN YOU USE IT SO IT IS BEST TO PUT IN THE 
    PLASTIC SANDWICH BAG WITH THE OPENING HELD AROUND THE BARREL WITH 
    THE RUBBER BAND. IF THE IS PISTOL HAS A TRIGGER GUARD IT SHOULD BE CUT 
    OFF AND THEN IT CAN BE USED JUST AS EASILY IN A PLASTIC BAG AS 
    OTHERWISE. 

    FOR CASUAL CARRYING AROUND, YOU CAN'T BEAT A NASAL SPRAY. THE BEST 
    ONES CAN BE SCREWED OPEN SO THE GOODY CAN BE POURED IN. IF NOT, YOU 
    HAVE TO SQUEEZE IT AND PUT ITS NOZZLE INTO THE GOODY. WHEN THE 
    PRESSURE IS RELEASED THE IRRITANT WILL BE SUCKED UP. 

    SUCH IRRITANTS ARE ILLEGAL TO CARRY IN SOME STATES. THAT'S ONE OF THE 
    REASONS THE NASAL SPRAY IS BEST. IF YOU ARE SEARCHED AND IT IS FOUND, 
    THERE IS LITTLE CHANCE IT WILL BE RECOGNIZED FOR WHAT IT IS. I DON'T 
    KNOW WHAT ADVICE TO GIVE YOU IF THE COP HAS THE SNIFFLES AND GOES TO 
    USE SOME OF YOUR GOODY. 
    
    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
    
                       >>>>>> C02 Cartridge Bombs <<<<<<

    You will have to use up the new cartridge by either shooting it in a 
    C02 B-B gun or use it in a C02 car or whatever else you might figure 
    out to do with it.  With a nail, force the hole bigger so as to allow 
    the powder and wick to fit in easily.  Fill the cartridge with black 
    powder and pack it in there real good by tapping the bottom of the 
    cartridge on a hard surface. Insert a fuse (I recommend good 
    waterproof cannon fuse, but I've used firecracker fuses.)  Light it 
    and run!!!  It does wonders for a row of mail boxes. Be careful 
    however, this little beauty throws shrapnel and can be quite a 
    hazard. 

                         >>>>>>Thermite Bombs<<<<<<

    The first step in the construction of a thermite bomb is to get some 
    iron-oxide (rust). Here is a good way to make large quantities in a 
    short time:  First you will need a DC converter which can be found on 
    a race track or train track.  Cut the connector off, separate the two 
    wires, and strip them both.  You will secondly need a jar of water 
    which has been diluted with salt to make the water a conductor (use 
    about a tablespoon.)  Then insert both wires into the solution and 
    determine which bubbles the most.  You then need to tie a common iron 
    nail to the one that bubbles the most (The positive wire). If you 
    don't you will get the opposite of rust...Rust acid!  Put the nail 
    tied to the positive wire and the negative wire in the jar on 
    opposite sides until they are both completely submerged.  Let that 
    set over night and then remove the (crusty) stuff off the nail and 
    remove the wires.  Let this set until a sufficient amount of the 
    crust is at the bottom.  Remove the excess water and pour the crusty 
    solution in a cookie sheet and let it dry out in the sun for a couple 
    of hours, or over night.  It should be an orange-brown color, though 
    I've had it many different colors. Crush the rust into a fine powder 
    and heat it in a cast iron pot until it's red. (I'm not sure what 
    that does.) 

    Now mix the iron-oxide with pure aluminum filings which can be bought 
    or filed down by hand from an aluminum tube or bar.  The ratio should 
    be 8 grams of rust per 3 grams of aluminum. That's thermite!!! 

    Now, to light it you must get some magnesium which is sorta hard to 
    get for me cause my hardware store don't have it.  I finally found 
    that I could get a perfect piece of magnesium ribbon from the 
    chemistry lab! This ribbon is the fuse of the bomb.  It takes the 
    heat from the burning magnesium to light the thermite...But to light 
    the magnesium you need a blow torch (Don't worry, the blow torch is 
    not hot enough to light the thermite).  Well keep your thermite in a 
    bag and then when you see an innocent car...Pour a small amount of 
    thermite on the wood, stick a length of magnesium in it and then light 
    the magnesium with the blow torch and watch it burn right through the 
    hood, the block, the axle, and spark and flare on the pavement.  Be 
    careful...The ideal mixtures can vaporize carbonized steel (Which is 
    damn hot!) Have fun! 

                          >>>>>>Touch Explosive<<<<<<

    This is sort of a mild explosive, but can be dangerous in large 
    quantities. To make touch explosive (Such as that found in a snap and 
    pop, but more potent) mix iodine crystals into ammonia until the 
    iodine crystals will not dissolve into the ammonia anymore. Let it 
    set until you get a white precipitate at the bottom...Pour off the 
    excess ammonia and dry out the crystals the same way as the thermite.  
    Be careful now cause these dried crystals are your touch explosives!  
    I haven't found a good use for it yet, but it's fun to throw at 
    people or leave it in their chairs at school..It can get painful if 
    applied properly! 


                            >>>>>>Letter Bombs<<<<<<

    You will first have to make a mild version of thermite as mentioned 
    above, however you will use just plain iron filings instead of rust.  
    Mix the iron filing with the aluminum filings in a ratio of 75% 
    aluminum with 25% iron. This mixture will burn violently in an 
    enclosed space (such as an envelope) which brings us to the next 
    ingredient.  Go to the post office or business supply store and buy 
    an insulated (padded) envelope.  The type that is double layered.  
    Separate the layers and place the mild thermite in the main section, 
    where the letter would go.  Then place magnesium powder in the outer 
    layer. There's your bomb. Now to light it! 

    This is the tricky part and is hard to explain in writing. Experiment 
    with this idea until you have got it right.  Ok, the fuse is just 
    that touch explosive placed where the letter would be torn open. You 
    may want to wrap it like a long cigarette and then place it at the 
    top of the envelope in the outer layer (on top of the powdered 
    magnesium.)  When the touch explosive is torn or even squeezed hard 
    it will ignite the powdered magnesium (sort of a flashlight) and then 
    it will burn the mild thermite. I've never sent one of these so I 
    don't really know if it works good. I do know that the thermite burns 
    real hot and if it didn't blow up it would give some one a bad burn 
    (Thermite does wonders on human flesh!!) 

                            >>>>>>Paint Bombs<<<<<<

    To make a paint bomb you simply need a metal can with a fastenable 
    lid, a nice bright color paint, and a quantity of dry ice.  Place the 
    paint in the can and then drop the dry ice in.  Quickly place the lid 
    on tightly and then run.  With some testing you can get it down so 
    you have a timer that works on how much ice you have compared with 
    how much paint you have.  If you're really pissed at someone, you 
    could place it on their doorstep, knock on the door, and then run!!!  
    Enough bombs....Let's work on cars. 

                     >>>>>>Ways to Send A Car To Hell<<<<<<

    There are a thousand and one ways to destroy a car but I will only 
    cover those which are most fun and hardest to find out about. 

    Place thermite on the hood as mentioned above, place burning 
    magnesium on the hood, tape a Co2 bomb to the (axle, hood, wheel, 
    muffler, all), put a tampon, dirt, sugar, a ping pong ball, just 
    about anything) in the gas tank. Put (Potatoes, bananas, rocks, or 
    anything at all that will fit) in the exhaust pipe. Put a long rag in 
    the gas tank and catch it on fire (Run real far). Make a jimmey and 
    pick the lock and then steal the stereo....I'll try to draw a 
    picture...Cut one of those thin metal rulers into the pattern given 
    below: 

    ____________________________________________________    ____
                                                        |__|    \
    sorta phallic huh?                                           |
                                                        |--|    /
    ----------------------------------------------------    ---

    The important part are the notches on the sides which are used to 
    pull up on the cable which pulls up the lock!  Get stereos, 
    equalizers, radar detectors, car guns, loose change and cassette 
    tapes, and then destroy the inside (a knife is handy for the seats.) 

                      >>>>>>Phone Related Vandalism<<<<<<

    If you live where there are underground lines then you will be able 
    to ruin someone's phone line very easily.  All you must do is go to 
    their house and find the green junction box that interfaces their 
    line (and possibly some others in the neighborhood) with the major 
    lines.  These can be found just about anywhere but they are usually 
    underneath the nearest phone pole. Take a socket wrench and loosen 
    the nut on the right. Then just take clippers or a sledge hammer or a 
    bomb and destroy the insides and pull up their phone cable.. Cut it 
    into segments so it can't be fixed but must be replaced. There's a 
    week of work!!!  Or you can do my favorite, call them with a 
    directory dialer for about a week...They won't get another call 
    besides yours for that entire week!  How about calling the phone 
    company and having it disconnected for a while, or have their mail 
    held for a month or two (Say you're going on vacation and give them 
    their address.) 

    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
 
                  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                  ³   P H R E A K I N G    ³
                  ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

    For those of you who don't know what the term PHREAKING means, it 
    refers to using the telephones to do your dirty deeds. This can 
    include making "Boxes" which trick the phone system into giving you 
    free calls and tapping. In this edition of the Spook Guide, I'll just 
    stick to simple Phreaking techniques. In issue two we'll get down and 
    dirty. 

                ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
    
    Have you ever wanted to know what your brother/sister/parents/ 
    friends/enemies were saying as they hid somewhere, cordless phone in 
    hand? With this phile, now you can!  Just follow the simple 
    instructions outlined inside. 
    
    First some information about cordless telephones: 

    The original cordless telephones (1978-about late 1983) were made to 
    be used on the 1.6 to 1.8 MHz band.  If you will notice, 1.6 MHz is 
    also the top end of the AM broadcast band.  These phones operate on 
    AM (just like the radio stations) and use the wiring in your house 
    for an antenna.  The power of these phones is 1/10 of a watt in most 
    cases, or about 1/50th of the power that your average CB radio will 
    put out.  So, not having a lot of power, it is tough to hear these 
    phones.  You know how they say '500 foot range'? Sure, that's the 
    range of the handset to the base, but not of the signals emitted by 
    the base!   Which means that on good nights you can hear them for 
    many miles (I live in NJ an have heard telephones VERY loudly from NY 
    City, 35 MILES away!). 
    
    The newer phones, however, are not as easy to hear.  They operate 
    on FM on the 49 MHz band, which is the same frequency which your 
    little walkie-talkies that you loved as a ten year old operate on.  
    These phones require a little bit more effort to be heard than do the 
    old ones (and a little $$$).   Never fear, however, because about 1 
    out of 10 phones is the old style, and they are still being made and 
    sold today. 

    How To Do It: 

    For the old style phones, you will need to get a pocket size AM 
    transistor radio.   The one I used was an AM/FM Realistic (bought for 
    $9 at Radio Shack).  There should be a small plastic box inside the 
    radio.  This little 'box' is the VFO (Variable Frequency Oscillator) 
    which controlls the frequency of the radio.  Now of course, you 
    aren't going to have a digital frequency counter (they only cost 
    $400, so everyone should have at least two of them) so before you do 
    anything, turn on the radio and tune to the top of the band and find 
    the station which is closest to the top of the broadcast band.  Write 
    down the frequency so you have something to compare to later. 

    Now, turn off the radio, get a small size screwdriver, and adjust the 
    small screw(s) on the back of the little plastic box.  Don't turn 
    them more than a quarter turn at a time.  Now, when you have done 
    your first 'tweak' of the screws, turn on the radio and see where 
    that station at the top of the band is now on the frequency dial.  
    When you have gotten the station 150-200 kHz down from where it was, 
    (like if the frequency was 1600, get it down between 1400 and 1450), 
    you are all set to recieve cordless telephones at the top end of the 
    radio!  Note: this little 'trick' may not work as well on all radios, 
    but it is worth a try.  If worse comes to worse, you can turn them 
    back. 

    The ideal distance is a close to the base as you can get, but this 
    sucker should pull in signals from up to 500 feet away with no 
    problem. Simply go near someones house with this, and then have fun! 

    Another way:  Another way to do this, if the VFO adjustment trick 
    does'nt work, is to adjust the small metal boxes that have little 
    colored screws in them.  These are the tuning coils for the reciever 
    circuit, and they affect the frequency also.  Another possibility is 
    a combination of turning the VFO screws and the coils to try to get 
    the desired effect.  Good Luck! 

    Now for the tough ones, the new phones.  The new phones work on the 
    49 MHz band.  You are going to need one of the 'new' walkie talkies 
    that operate on 49 MHz     ===- FM -===    (the cheap shit ones are 
    AM).  If you decide to invest in one at Radio Shack or similar store, 
    make damn sure you get FM walkie talkies.  If you get AM, you're 
    screwed, unless you have a friend who is killer into electronics or 
    ham radio who has the knowledge to convert AM to FM.  (Yes, it can be 
    done.  I have done it with CB's, and it is great for CB because no 
    one can understand what you are saying unless they have a FM-
    converted CB.....Hmm.....that may be my next text phile...look for 
    it!!)  Anyway.....when you get your FM walkie talkie, you can do one 
    of two things: 

    A)  You can play the adjust the coils trick as mentioned in the last 
    article (there is no VFO because walkie talkies are crystal 
    controlled). 

    B)  You can change the crystal.  Popular frequencies for cordless 
    phones are 49.830, 49.860 and 49.890 MHz.  These crystals can be 
    obtained from electronic supply houses (like ones that sell chips for 
    your Apple) for about $2 or less each. 

    And that just about concludes this phile.  There are two other 
    shortcut methods that can be used to bypass this mess and get you 
    listening in right away. 

    1)  Get a general coverage receiver.  They cover all frequencies 
    from 100 kHz to 30 MHz, and will provide you with 'armchair' 
    reception because you can hook up a monster antenna. (I have a 1964 
    vintage model that I got for $10 sitting on my desk with a 600 foot 
    long piece of wire for an antenna....boy, I know everything in my 
    neighborhood before the ladies start gossiping!) 

    2)  If you play guitar or bass, and have a 'wireless' system for 
    your guitar like the Nagy 49R, you can hook up a 12 volt lantern 
    battery and go prowling around listening for the phones.  (Bass 
    rules!) 

    Method 1 only works on the old phones because of the frequency 
    limitations of the reciever, and method 2 is for new phones only 
    because the 'wireless' systems only work on 49 MHz FM. 
    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ

    B L A C K   B O X

    NOTE: This only works on Crossbar Telephone systems. Make sure you 
    aren't on a ,,,, before trying this.
    
    A black box is a device that is hooked up to your phone, so when 
    you get a call,  the caller doesn't get charged long distance. 
    This is good for up to 1/2 hour,  after 1/2  hour the phone co. 
    gets suspicous, and then you can guess what happens. 

    The way it works:

    What this little beauty does is keep the line voltage from 
    dropping to 10v when you answer your  phone.  The line is instead 
    kept at 36v and it  will make the  phone think that it is  still 
    ringing while your talking.  The reason for the 1/2 hour time 
    limit is that the phone co. thinks that something is wrong after 
    1/2 an hour of ringing. 

    All parts are available radio shack. Using the least possible 
    parts and arangement, the cost is $0.98 !!!! and that is parts 
    for two  of them! Talk about  a deal!  If you want to splurge 
    then you can get a small PC board, and a switch. There are  
    two schematics for this box, one is for most normal phones.  
    The second one is for phones that don't work with the first.  
    It was made for use with a bell trimline touch tone phone. 

    **  SCHEMATIC 1 FOR MOST PHONES  ** **         
            LED ON: BOX ON       
     

    FROM >--------------------GREEN->  TO
    LINE >--!   1.8K  LED  !---RED--> PHONE
    !--/\/\/\--!>--!
    !              !
    ------>/<-------
    SPST



    PARTS:  1 1.8K 1/2 WATT RESISTOR
    1 1.5V LED
    1 SPST SWITCH

    You may just have two wires which  you connect together for the 
    switch. 
    

    **  SCHEMATIC 2 FOR ALL PHONES  **
    **        LED ON: BOX OFF      **

    FROM >---------------GREEN->  TO
    LINE >-------      ---RED--> PHONE
    !  LED !
    -->/<--!>--
    !         !
    ---/\/\/---
    1.8K

    PARTS:  1 1.8K 1/2 WATT RESISTOR
    1 1.5V LED
    1 DPST SWITCH


    Here is the PC board layout that I recommend  using. It's neat 
    and very easy to hook up. 

SCHEMATIC #1        SCHEMATIC #2

**************     ****************
*            *     *  -------     *
* --<LED>--- *     *  !     !     *
* !        ! *     *  ! <SWITCH>  *
* RESISTOR ! *     *  ! !      !  *
*        ! ! *     *  ! !      /  *
* -------- ! *     *  ! !      \  *
* !        ! *     *  ! <LED>! /  *
* --SWITCH-- *     *  !      ! \  *
*  !      !  *     *  !      ! /  *
L *  !      !  * F L *  !      ! !  * F
I>RED-      -RED>O I>RED-      ---RED>O
N>-----GREEN---->N N>-----GREEN------>N
E * H          * E E *              * E
**************     ****************


    Once you have hooked up all the parts, you must figure out which 
    set of wires go to the line and which go to the phone. This is 
    because of the fact that led's must be put in, in a certain 
    direction. Depending on which way you put the LED is what controls 
    what wires are for the line and phone. 

    How to find out: 

    Hook up the box in one direction using one set of wires for line 
    and the other for phone. 

    *NOTE*  For model I switch should be off. 

    *NOTE*  For model ][ switch should be set to side connecting the 
    LED. 

    Once you have hooked it up, then pick up the phone and see if the 
    led is on. If it is, the LED will be lit. If it doesn't light up 
    then switch the wires and try again. Once you know which are which 
    then label them.   

    *NOTE*  If neither directions worked then your switch was in the 
    wrong position. Now label the switch in its current position as 
    box on. 

    How to use it: 

    The purpose of this box is not for outgoing calls. It can only be 
    used for incoming calls. When the box is *on* then you may only 
    recieve calls. Your phone will ring like normal and the LED on  
    the box will flash. If you answer the phone now, then the led will 
    light and the caller will not be charged. Hang up the phone after 
    you  are  done talking like normal. You will not be able to get 
    a dial-tone or call when the box is on, so turn the box  *off* 
    for normal calls. I don't recommend you don't want it to answer 
    when Ma Bell calls! 

    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
    
    A N T I   M O D E M   W E A P O N


    An effective modem weapon, especially on crossbar phone system. (Will 
    still operate on Ess but you will kill phone service to your prefix 
    for a few hours, and everyone talking will be cut off on your prefix 
    and the one yu called) 

    What is this device? Its a Tesla Coil. The Tesla coil when proprly 
    used will generate literally thousands or volts at very low amperage. 
    (Just the right current to bake silicon chip cookies.) 

    SET UP 
          
    1. Disconnect all phones from your line. Disconnect answering dvices 
    and any data-transmission devices. 

    2. Run a preliminary test on the coil and disconnect nearby grounded 
    objects. (Lamps Stereos, TV's etc...) 

    3. Connect one phone that you see fit to subject.(It usually des not 
    destroy phones, (But I have seen them melt off walls.) 

    4. Connect iron or steel balls to the green and red wires of yor 
    connected phone (these are the line wires that go into the wall.) l1 
    ad l2 terminals of your phone. 

    5. Put on a pair of thick rubber gloves (EXTREMELY IMPORTANT!) 

    6. Charge coil to at least 10,000 volts. An ideal setting is arund 18 
    to 19 thousand, but 10 will jump Bells line surge protectors. 

    7. Hold metal balls in your left hand. (Make sure they don't toch 
    each other) When the coil is fully charged, clip the steel ball 
    cnnected to the red wire to the base of the tesla coil and hold the 
    other metal ball as far away from the coil as you can. 

    8. Dial the offending modems number. 

    9. When connected, move the metal object connected to the gree wire 
    within 2 feet of the coils top. 

    -> Don't be afraid of the little bolts at the top of the coil... 

    10. Within 3 seconds a huge bolt of lightning will shoot forth at the 
    phone from the hand that you are holding the balls in. 

    Hold on tight cause it'll feel like loads of ants crawling on you! 
    You will immediatly hear many strange oscilations to the carrier on 
    the phone. The last noise you will hear is a pop! from the phone. 
    That is the last cry of agony as it shuts down. Crossbar just 
    disconnects. 

    Guaranteed to fry the modem, the computer and any peripherals. or 
    anyone who answers the phone! 
      
    ALL DAMAGE IS UN-REPAIRABLE. 
    including lives!!! 

    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
    
                    ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                    ³   D R U G S   ³
                    ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
                                     
    Okay, you've ripped off people, blown them up and set fire to the 
    city. After a hard day's work it's time to kick back. Here's some 
    tips on making and growing drugs to help you relax. 

                ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

    MARIJUANA: HOME GROWING  
                                                         
    First get some seeds. From either your stash or a friend. You will 
    have to first germinate your seeds (You could just stick em' in the 
    soil and wait but WHY?) 


To germinate:   Get a clear plastic cassette and stick the
                seed/seeds in then wrap with wet paper towel.
                It will eventually dry, but keep the paper on
                the outside wet. Soon sprouts should appear 

To begin:       Get a planting pot either small or large
                (Large is better, but if you don't have one
                use a small one then get a larger one in
                the future). Fill the pot with some enriched
                soil and moisten overnight. Now your ready to
                start!

To start:       CAREFULLY place the germinated seed/seeds in the
                soil. Then place in direct light. If you want an
                outdoor plant then place outdoors in a secluded
                area away from the general public. The plant
                needs light. Try to have the sun/light on it all
                day. After a period of a few weeks the plant
                should be getting bigger, if not then start
                the process all over. You might have a stunted
                plant.

To maintain:    Go get some Miracle Grow plant food. The rose
                kind is perfect. Follow the directions on the
                box to feed. Water at least 3 times a week and
                trim if necessary. Try some chicken guts or
                some light manure to help the process along.
                Wait till plant is 6-12" in height then
                you must transplant it.
               
To transplant:  Did you get that big planter yet? Get a LARGE
                planter at a garden store and fill with fresh
                soil. Moisten overnight again. Fertilize lightly
                with manure or Miracle Grow if possible. Now
                dig a hole in the center and make room for the
                old plant. Grab the small pot in your left hand
                and use your right forefinger and middle finger
                and carefully grasp the bottom stem and flip
                upside down. The plant should pop out with the
                pot shaped soil connected to the roots.
                Carefully break up the soil as you place it in
                the hole in the new pot. Try not to damage the
                roots or the plant itself or it might go into
                shock. When it is firmly seated in the new soil
                pat it down with some new soil until level.
                Follow the above maintaining tips for the remainder
                of the growth. You will need a magnifying glass
                to look at the glands when ready. A female plant
                should have little "buds" growing. If you see
                flowers it is a male plant. The glands will be large
                and look like little sacs ready to burst THC.
                Then you will know you are ready to harvest
                (Approx. 5-7 months later)
    
To harvest:     Either uproot the plant or cut the stem at the
                base. Turn the whole plant or sections upside-
                down. Hang it somewhere in the sun. If you keep
                it in the dark it may become moldy and worthless.
                after a week or so it should be dry enough to 
                package/or smoke. Do not smoke stem or seed,
                other than not getting you high, it will give you
                a splitting headache.
    
                ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
    
                            ASSORTED DRUGS
    
    In no way am I responsible for for any injuries caused by the 
    use/misuse of these drugs.  You should treat these drugs like 
    alcohol. Use them only as an added experience in life, rather than as 
    an escape. 
 
    These recipes are all found in a book which has reliable sources. All 
    should work if made properly. 
    
    MAKING L.S.D. AT HOME

    1]  Grind up 150 grams of morning glory seeds or baby hawaiian wood 
    rose seeds. 

    2]  In 130 c.c. of petroleum ether soak the seeds for 2 days. 
 
    3]  Filter the solution through a tight screen. 
 
    4]  Throw away liquid, and allow seeds mush to dry. 
 
    5]  For 2 days allow the mush to soak in 110 c.c. of wood alcohol. 
 
    6]  Filter the solution again, saving the liquid and labeling it '1' 
 
    7]  Resoak the mush in 110 c.c. of wood alcohol for 2 days. 
 
    8]  Filter and throw away mush. 
 
    9]  Add liquid from the second soak to the liquid labeled '1'. 
 
    10] Pour the liquid into a cookie tray and allow it to evaporate. 
 
    11] When all liquid has evaporated, a yellow gum remains.  this 
    should be scraped and put in capsules. 
 
     30 grams of morning glory seeds
                  - or -
       15 hawaiian wood rose seeds
               - equals -
 
                one trip
 
    ** Note ** Many companies have been known to coat their seeds with 
    toxin. order seeds from a wholesaler. 
 
        
    BANANDINE (Made from bananas)
 
    Bananas do contain a small quantity of a mild short lasting 
    psychedelic drug. There are better ways of getting high but the great 
    advantage of this is that bananas are legal (of course!) 
 
    1]  Obtain 15 lbs of ripe yellow bananas 
 
    2]  Peel them all, eat the chow, keep the peels. 
 
    3]  With a sharp knife, scrape off the insides of the peelings, and 
    save the scraped material. 
 
    4]  Put all scraped material in a large pot and add water.  Boil for 
    three to four hours until it has attained a solid paste. 
 
    5]  Spread this paste on cookie sheets and dry in oven for about 20 
    min. to a half an hour.  This will result in a fine black powder roll 
    it up and smoke about 3-4 of those dudes 
   
    PEANUTS
 
    1] Obtain a pound of peanuts. 

    2] Shell them, saving the skins and discarding the shells. 
 
    3] Pork out on the nuts while watching dr. who one night. 
 
    4] Grind up the skins, roll them, smoke them. 
 
    TOAD SKINS  (you're crazy!!)
 
    1]  collect 5-10 toads 
 
    2]  kill them as painlessly as possible and skin them as soon as 
    possible! 
 
    3]  allow skins to dry on the fridge for 4 to 5 days, or until they 
    are brittle. 
 
    4]  crush into a powder and smoke.  Due to the bad taste, mix it with 
    mint or something else. 
    
    ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ

                  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                  ³   A P P E N D I X   ³
                  ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

               Household Names for Chemicals

    
    Chemical name                      Household Name 
    -------------                      --------------

    acetic acid                        vinegar 
    aluminum oxide                     alumia 
    aluminum potassium sulfate         alum 
    aluminum sulfate                   alum 
    ammonium hydroxide                 ammonia 
    carbon carbonate                   chalk 
    calcium hypochloride               bleaching powder 
    calcium oxide                      lime 
    calcium sulphate                   plaster of Paris 
    carbonic acid                      seltzer 
    carbon tetrachloride               cleaning fluid 
    ethylene dichloride                Dutch fluid 
    ferric oxide                       iron rust 
    glucose                            corn syrup 
    graphite                           black lead (pencil lead) 
    hydrochloric acid                  muriatic acid 
    hydrogen peroxide                  peroxide 
    lead acetate                       sugar of lead 
    lead tetroxide                     red lead 
    magnesium silicate                 talc 
    magnesium sulfate                  Epsom salts 
    naphthalene                        mothballs 
    phenol                             carbolic acid 
    potassium bitartrate               cream of tartar 
    potassium chromium sulfate         chrome alum 
    potassium nitrate                  saltpeter 
    silicon dioxide                    sand 
    sodium bicarbonate                 baking soda 
    sodium borate                      borax 
    sodium carbonate                   washing soda 
    sodium chloride                    salt 
    sodium hydroxide                   lye 
    sodium silicate                    water glass 
    sodium sulfate                     Glauber's salt 
    sodium thiosulfate                 photographer's hypo 


    These are some of the ingredients used in these Anarchy Documents! So 
    if you get confused by the name, refer to these! 

     ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
     END OF SPOOK FILE 1

