-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ighbahpooighbahpooighbahpoo ∞±≤ ∞±≤ Wot  the  fuk ? ghbahpooighbahpooighbahpooi
ghbahpooighbahpooighbahpooi                         hbahpooighbahpooighbahpooig
hbahpooighbahpooighbahpooig ∞±≤ ∞±≤€€€≤±∞ ∞≤≤€€€≤±∞ bahpooighbahpooighbahpooigh
bahpooighbahpooighbahpooigh ±≤€ ±≤€   €≤± ±≤€   €≤± ahpooighbahpooighbahpooighb
ahpooighbahpooighbahpooighb ≤€€ ≤€€   €€≤ ≤€€   €€≤ hpooighbahpooighbahpooighba
hpooighbahpooighbahpooighba €€€ €€€€€€€€€ €€€€€€€€€ pooighbahpooighbahpooighbah
pooighbahpooighbahpooighbah  ﬂ€ €ﬂ     ﬂ€ €€€[CX93] ooighbahpooighbahpooighbahp
ooighbahpooighbahpooighbahp   ﬁ ›       ﬁ €€€       oighbahpooighbahpooighbahpo
pooighbahpooighbahpooighbah               €ﬂ        ooighbahpooighbahpooighbahi
----------------------------------------- ›------------------------------------
ZEN AMAKO                                                                FILE 7
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                CHROME CITY

Note: A little something done for a folio piece, any mistakes are my fault or
SEDITs..


While I waited at the bus stop, I watched.  The bio-organic pavement began to
devour some litter dropped by a passer-by, secretions rose to the surface where
the litter fell, and the litter quickly melted into a liquid that was sucked up
by the pavement.  Just one of the many nu-age achievements that I have to live
with.  It's not that I don't like the enviro-friendly, nu-age discoveries, it's
just that all the bio-organic substances are green.  Damn green, I hate green,
green walls, green floors, green houses, green buildings, I hate green.  One
word which could sum up this century would be 'Green'.  It was only after the
start of this century that the world went bio-organic, a revolution that let
mankind leave the now repaired Earth, and venture into the outer limits, space. 
Space had been one of the main objectives for the year 2000, but the Earth had
other ideas, all of a sudden ozone gas depleted to unforeseeable levels, air
became too dangerous to breath, the atmosphere became dark with pollution and
the whole world realised what the Greenies had been telling them for the last

The bus hovered up, and my journey began.  "Just a half hour cred to the UMS
plant." "That'll be 200 creds, my man," the bus operator handed me the
pre-stamped travel card.  The hover-bus was quite clean, considering the floor,
walls, and seats were covered by a thin layer of bio-organic coating.  The place
was so clean you could eat off the floor, but that wasn't the reason why the
hover-bus was coated in bio-organic coating, the bio-organic coating was just
another quick solution made by some small time inventor.  You'd think that
bio-organic substances would be the answer to all the worlds problems, well that
is exactly what the world thinks of it.  A product which is non-pollutant, easy
to manufacture, self reproducing, and cheap.  It is the answer to a lot of
scientists dreams, unfortunately it wasn't a scientist who created bio-organics.
True, the United Ministry of Science had proclaimed the revelation, but we were
never told who made it, who worked on it, who should be given the credit. 
Naturally, people became suspicious, as usual, nothing seemed to be what they
were.

I'm sure you are thoroughly confused by now, I was, so I began my information
spree, being in my line of business helps too.  For three years now, I have been
intercepting data, phone calls and faxes incoming and out, from the UMS
building.  Why?  Apparently the science to create bio-organics was not
originated on Earth, unbelievable as it sounds, but alien technology has somehow
slipped into the hands of Earth's scientists.  In fact, slipped is a poor word,
more like, given, traded, the trading of technology...  I've nothing against
that, but trading with what? For what? And the secrecy, although the
Government's of pre-2000AD were famous for their top-secret work, It makes me
wonder what else are being hidden from the public.

Basically, I'm one of those down and out, unlucky people, experienced, hard 
working, and virtually the best in the industry, although there are not many
jobs for an ex-phone phreaker.  I used to work for various phone companies
around the world, playing around with the communications systems, making sure
nothing goes wrong, and checking for loopholes in the system.  I found many
loopholes, some I reported, others I kept to myself, for my own "Private" use. 
It's probably a good idea to know ways to get free phone calls, especially
overseas, of course, anybody would have done the same thing, if they were in my
position.

Now, since the few remaining communications companies succumbed to the
mega-corporations that appeared out of nowhere at the turn of the century, my
job has been dissolved, for some reason unknown, along with 10 million other
jobs.  Amazing, just like that, people replaced by machines, and bio-organics
too,  very cost efficient, very cheap and don't need to be paid.

Luckily, I'm not the only one who is worried about the strange circumstances
that have been going on.  After constantly monitoring calls, I have pieced
together for myself a very good idea of the goings on during the last few
decades, my findings would be classified as Super-top secret if it was ever
written down on paper.

I peered out the window, trying to get a glimpse of where I currently was,
thinking too much makes my senses fall asleep.  I recognised the area, my stop
was coming up, so I pressed the small metallic button fastened next to the
window.  As the hover bus slowed down, I thought to myself, was I doing the
right thing?  The hover bus lowered to street level and I exited, the driver
staring at me, and mumbling something to himself.

I followed my planned steps carefully, past guards, through back rooms, evading
security cameras, until I reached my final destination, the bio-organic
production room.  The room where all the bio-organic materials were produced, it
was a huge room, with a massive metal machine in the centre, much like an
engine, surrounded by control desks and security men.  Unbelievable, my heart is
beating so hard, my chest is hurting, I'm amazing I got so far into the
complex.

But I suppose that plan of the building which was faxed to someone, and
intercepted by me helped a bit, as well as the guard schedule.  I better get a
move on, standing here too long, could prove to be fatal, especially if they
found out what I was doing.  So I ducked into one of the small darkrooms, and
waited...

The information that astounded me so much was like a revelation to me, it seems
that alien contact HAD been established.  Not really news to me, in fact
established in the mid-20th century, which had apparently been made public by
several ex-intelligence agents but most of the public took no notice, the work
with the aliens, known as "Greys" was documented in both MJ-12 and Project
Bluebook.  But this isn't what really interested me,  the bio-organic substances
were not just some laboratory experiment, the substance seems to "live", a plant
based life form that metamorphosed after a very short gestation period and
released a chemical into the air....thus rendering anyone who breathed in the
chemical, totally open to suggestion.  And the only people who were safe from
the chemicals, were the people in this building.  Some scam, aliens swapping
technology with a corrupt government which betrayed it's own race.

But the jokes on them,  being a xenophobic kind of guy,  I have other plans in
mind.  My investigations lead me to believe that the Greys are vulnerable to
bright sun light, where I got that from, don't ask, just a little tip I heard
bouncing around the UMS building...  But now it's time for me to get to work...

It should be about time now, every fourteen hours, they add new chemicals to the
machine, I don't know exactly what goes on inside the machine, although my
friend told me that it was some kind of catalytic converter.  I grin to myself
as I think of what my actions will cause.  The bottom will drop out of the UMS
government, any relationship with the Greys will terminate, and I'll be the
person to do it all, lucky me.

I anxiously sneaked over to the balcony above the machine, and emptied a little
bottle of chemicals into the new batch, my friend, a legend when it comes to
chemicals, helped me make up this little beauty.  Now, I'm done, only time will
tell if the chemicals will work....

A week later... Amazing, the chemical reacted with the bio-organics like a
virus, transforming anything bio-organic into an inanimate chrome object, and to
think that this effect will spread over the whole city...It makes me excited  to
see justice done.  Another thing just hit me, these Greys, offering the
bio-organic production to us, bio-organics, living on sunlight, thus greatly
reducing the sunlight reflection, heh, I wonder what they'll think when they see
this city of chrome reflecting all the sunlight  back in their faces....

-FiN

End Note: Gee, does being a sysop of an ascii express influence you that much??

+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|(c)1993 iGH BAH POO| iNTOXiCATiON AE +61-3-ALL-TEXT| NARC AE +61-047-57-3920 |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+