HELLO. HELLO. CAN YOU HEAR ME I AM CALLING LONG DISTANCE. CAN YOU HEARç
ME.

A message in two parts.

Part one. EFF -- Thanks, truly, for everything. Mitch, John, Rita, theç
two hardcore techie nerds I ate dinner with (flattery not an insult! :-)ç
(I are one too). John Berman too, even though he wears a suit and livesç
in DC. (Another joke; see part2.)

And thanks for the award. I really am awed by it all, in spite ofç
appearing to some to not take it seriously (see part 2).


Part two. John (Barlow) -- I hope you didn't think I was baiting you orç
whatever that night in Tenney's room. I wasn't. Really. I was sincere.ç
Chalk it up to culture-clash. YOU EAT LIVE BUGS OUT OF THE AIR?? YUCK!!ç
That sort of thing. I noticed an interesting thing when I started toç
think about it. Here 'tis for your enjoyment:

I had a number of subtle and really quite minor reality-jarringç
experiences at CFP2 also. Nothing serious -- just things that I/theyç
said that they/I took wrong. ("Was s/he kidding? Was I just insulted?ç
Was that a joke? Hmm..." etc) 

A specific example, at HACKERS 3.0? The one in the jewish retreat inç
Santa Clara or wherever. I was in some variation of punk drag, and Rudyç
Rucker says, with a flourish, "Great look." I was insulted! Not greatç
hair, great jacket, whatever (flattery) but I took it instinctively toç
mean, what a great costume/disguise/whatever, ie. I dressed up for theç
occasion ie. this isn't really me. Maybe I can't describe the sensationç
now, because it was so long ago.

Most likely he wasn't privvy to the tensions ever-present in variousç
other-cultures, which are always under attack and under explicit orç
implied pressure. And I was certainly far too touchy. The specificç
information is lost (Hawking tells us time == entropy). Obviously I tookç
it far too seriously, but that was my state at the time. I know Rudy isç
a cool person. Oh well. I believe I would have a very different responseç
to the same event today.

I offer this (CFP2, Rudy at Hackers, etc) as: an example of social≠
symbol misinterpretation. This is how it happens. And this is within aç
fairly homogenous bunch of smart people! These are obviously very minor,ç
otherwise-unimportant events of course.

Imagine what can happen when people are *truly* different. 

I know you know about this. I thought you'd find it interesting, like aç
found object. And, in some ways it's the flip-side to my frustration inç
trying to describe to netpeople (amongst others) my difficulty withç
access related issues (ie. affordability, specific social symbols andç
images being moved about, "cultural imperialism" (can you think of aç
better phrase), etc).

No reply necessary. I realize this is a long message. 



PS: Q: What's the opposite of entropy? A: Consciousness.

END OF MESSAGE

CARRIER LOST
#$$($_)_~~i~i~~
