Original Message Date: 08 Aug 92  10:14:24
From: Frank Gaude on 1:203/8888
To: Tom Jennings on 1:1/1
Subj: Technology...
^AMSGID: 1:203/8888@fidonet.org 6e8a1873
Hi, Tom! Don't know if you remember me from the CP/M days. I ran Echelon, ç
Inc., along with Richard Conn and ZCPR3 and Z-System replacements for ç
CP/M. Had about 78 Z-Nodes ready to connect to FidoNet in 1985 or '86 then ç
sold the company just before it happened.

Anyway, I came across a msg on BCSNET echo that left me wondering. Here it ç
is for your information:
----------------------------
Boston Computer Net # 144                  Date:  07-25-92, 17:11
Left by:  MIKE LABBE
Sent to:  ROBERT GORRILL                 Status:  Public
  Topic:  BCSNET                           Rcvd:  No

IF BCSNet was to expand itself to some of the newer networking ç
technologies and major professional nets as well, it would be very ç
successful and used. Networks such as Ilink, RIME, etc., have much to ç
offer and seem to attract a more professional crowd than some of the fido ç
echoes. If this base was to be shared with some of those networks, it ç
would only distribute it to more folks in more areas. The other networking ç
technologies have some other advantages such as restricted (semi private) ç
mail, reference numbers, FAST turnaround (usually 12 - 24 hours), and ç
reliability. Perhaps its time for BCS to re-think this and consider ç
modernization. Of course Im not suggesting we do away with the fido links, ç
just make use of some of the newer technology as well - so more users can ç
be included. I've been networking about 7 of my 9 years as sysop, and only ç
in 1992 did I finally opt to install the fido technology. We would have ç
been part of BCSNET long ago if it had been available through some of the ç
other channels (QWK, PCRelay/PostLink, etc.). I recall mentioning this ç
years ago at some of the fido sysop meetings in Boston, but it fell to ç
deaf ears at the time. My opinion for what its worth: Mike Labbe, BCS ç
Providence SysOp.

--- DB B1073/004201
 * Origin: Eagles Nest BCS Providence, RI Satellite 401-732-5290 ç
(1:323/500)

Mike Labbe is sysop of Eagles Nest... Robert Gorrill is either president ç
of Boston Computer Society or moderator of BCSNET echo area.
----------------------------

Thought you might like to know what some are saying... expecially in the ç
old Boston Computer Society, a society that was of the highest regard by ç
all at the start of microcomputers.

Regards,
Frank at Lake Tahoe (retired, but alive!)

Original Message Date: 11 Aug 92  15:59:18
From: Frank Gaude on 1:203/8888
To: Tom Jennings on 1:125/111
Subj: Technology...
^AMSGID: 1:203/8888@fidonet.org 700fb14b
 > Thanks for the historical reference... I was unclear
 > on it though, are
 > they now using FidoNet and about to move onward, or
 > are they using
 > something proprietary/older and moving into FidoNet?
They, BCSNET, are on FidoNet now, but some think it is "old technology" ç
and want to attach to "modern" RIME or ILink.

I've been on RIME as an echo/message user and think it
is a well-run business of about 280 echos. The only thing I think such a ç
net has that Fido does not is a clear msg interface to the user. They ç
allow the offline reader tagline to remain and a three-dash tearline (no ç
mail processor ad here) followed by an origin line. That's it!

Fido should not allow all the "junk" they do. The RE: added that some ç
editors or mail handlers add should be done away with. All this appears as ç
less than professional--amateur can be better than professional--in the ç
eyes of today's computer users. RIME looks good. ((I'm a graphic designer ç
by trade, until I retired, after I sold Echelon to Steve Makulka (Apple) ç
and Ken Oshmann (ROLM Corp), I turned to "visual communications".))

Maybe you think FidoNet is growing fast enough. My feeling that if we can ç
make it look better, we should. Membership can be controlled in other ç
ways. I don't want people saying we are "old technology."

 > (I lived in Boston, and never joined BCS; I went with
 > NECS New England
 > Comp. Soc., which was more specifically techie and
 > smaller. They ran a
 > HDOS-based BBS on a H19 if I remember right...!)
I love Boston and the general area... home of our country! That's why I ç
carry BCSNET and chat with the locals.

I also love the Sierras!

Keep up the good work...

Regards,
Frank, high in the mountains overlooking Lake Tahoe

