Original Message Date: 20 Apr 92  20:35:18
From: Karen Maynor on 1:3640/5
To: Tom Jennings on 1:125/111
Subj: distributing fidonews
^AMSGID: 1:3640/5@FidoNet.Org 378127be
 > re: CDROMing FidoNews:

 > YOu have my permission to include FidoNews's on your
 > CD-ROM, assuming there are no restrictions put upon the users of the
 > data, ie. no copy limitations or further restrictions of any kind. Ie.


thanks so much.. no, there aren't any restrictions.. the stuff is ç
shareware, so after they buy it, they can do anything they wish with the ç
disc..

 > Can I talk you into giving me a copy?

of course! I would have offered one already, but I wasn't aware that you ç
had a cd-rom drive.. just let me know an address to send it to when it is ç
ready.. we're hoping to go to press within 2 weeks or so.. sure has been ç
much more work than I originally had anticipated on.

 > (I know what mastering CDs costs... I have friends
 > that do it all the time, for music and for data.)

actually it isn't as expensive as one would imagine.. before we checked ç
into it, i assumed it would be 5000.00 or more..

 > I love to see people profit from their own work. I
 > hope you make lots of money!

hehehe.. me too! :)

 > What I *dont* want to see is access to
 > FidoNet stuff limited, nor exploited.

since we're in fidonet, i'm trying to promote fido as much as we can. same ç
with friends of mine that are shareware authors.. which reminds me, would ç
you have any of your work that you would like to include?

 > If you have a small datasheet or equiv. mail me a copy...
 > I'll break the news in FidoNews itself, and
 > see how much I get flamed... :-)

ok, i'll work something up in the next couple of weeks.. i sure appreciate ç
your offer to say a little something about it in fidonews.. but if you ç
think it would get too many people 'hot' then don't do it.. i'd love the ç
advertisement of it, but seems theres enough 'wars' going on as it is.. ç
so, i'll leave that judgement call totally up to you. :)

also, i've been having a little trouble actually finding all these old ç
copies.. i saw a message in an echo that thom henderson had them all, but ç
he's not in the nodelist.. the address that was given was 107/517.. i sent ç
a netmail message to this person asking them to zip them all up and i ç
would poll for them, but no repsonse as of yet.. could you offer a little ç
help in finding them? :)

thanks so much. and if you'd like to follow up with a voice call, feel ç
free to call anytime (collect if you wish) myself or my husband, Mark at ç
(912)882-0754. we're in Georgia.

btw, I really admired your editorial in fidonews 912. maybe i'll 'come ç
out' in fido one of these days. :) or maybe better yet, tell of all the ç
sexual harassment in fidonet. definately would be juicy. ah well.

            regards, Karen

> of course! I would have offered one already, but I wasn't aware
> that you  had a cd-rom drive.. just let me know an address to
> send it to when it is  ready.. we're hoping to go to press within

A friend does. I keep looking at them. One of these days now... Worldç
Power Systems, Box 77731, San Francisco CA 94107. Thanks!

> 2 weeks or so.. sure has been  much more work than I originally
> had anticipated on.

He he ... I've heard that one before!!! :-)

> appreciate  your offer to say a little something about it in
> fidonews.. but if you  think it would get too many people 'hot'
> then don't do it.. i'd love the  advertisement of it, but seems
> theres enough 'wars' going on as it is..  so, i'll leave that
> judgement call totally up to you. :)

Will do. I'll take a look at copy of you send me such, decicde then...

> address that was given was 107/517.. i sent  a netmail message to
> this person asking them to zip them all up and i  would poll for
> them, but no repsonse as of yet.. could you offer a little  help
> in finding them? :)

Unfortunately, I dont know where they are. I thought Henderson hadç
them. They are many megabytes... I'll send a msg to someone else inç
his net.

> btw, I really admired your editorial in fidonews 912. maybe i'll
> 'come  out' in fido one of these days. :) or maybe better yet,

Thanks! I always urge everyone to come out... its fun! Mix up yourç
life! (I truly cannot recall one instance where it hurt. Someç
"friends" end up not being so. No loss! Turmoil, yes...! ) 

> tell of all the sexual harassment in fidonet. definately would
> be juicy. ah well.

Please do! If you could turn it into a parable or a non-accusatoryç
thing (ie. not a rant) it will work wonders... having been aroundç
organized and non-organized political and social stuff a long time,ç
I've noticed that the "from askance" approach works best... I don'tç
have much patience with the all-too-common whining liberal malesç
(usually) getting touchy about their absolute right to do absolutelyç
anything they please, but practically-speaking, an askance approachç
works wonders...
 
I always mean to do an expiriment: call a local popular and vanillaç
BBS as "Sarah JOnes" or whatever, and enter some very straightforwardç
and contrived messages, and log the replies, then repeat as "Johnç
Jones" (etc) and repeat. I think with the right set ofç
messages/content I could generate an interestng article...

Original Message Date: 15 Apr 92  23:08:44
From: Tom Jennings on 1:125/111
To: Karen Maynor on 1:3640/5
Subj: re: distributing fidonews
^AINTL 1:3640/5 1:125/111
re: CDROMing FidoNews:
 
YOu have my permission to include FidoNews's on your CD-ROM, assuming 
there are no restrictions put upon the users of the data, ie. no copy 
limitations or further restrictions of any kind. Ie. if I get the 
CD-ROM, I am free (within existing copyrights, etc that already exist) 
to copy those files further. (The rest I dont care about... :-)
 
Can I talk you into giving me a copy? 
 
(I know what mastering CDs costs... I have friends that do it all the 
time, for music and for data.)
 
I love to see people profit from their own work. I hope you make lots 
of money! What I *dont* want to see is access to FidoNet stuff limited,
nor exploited. The flip side is access on readily available media. 
Each decision is hard. If you have a small datasheet or equiv. mail me 
a copy... I'll break the news in FidoNews itself, and see how much I 
get flamed... :-)


Original Message Date: 14 Apr 92  02:48:22
From: Karen Maynor on 1:3640/5
To: Tom Jennings on 1:1/1
Subj: distributing fidonews
^APID: FM 2.02
 > Well, I wish you had given me more notice... most

Well, I thought of adding fidonews kinda at the last minute.. :) but ç
theres really still time.. if it means waiting to get permission to add ç
fidonews, I will wait.

 > If you can get me soemthing, in writing, that
 > describes the project,including howe much you will charge (remember ç
FidoNet
 > is quite thoroughly non-commercial), I'll look it over, give

Well, lets see.. theres so much to it.. first, its gonna be called SDN ç
International On CD-ROM. We have permission from Ray Kaliss of The SDN ç
Project to use the SDN name/logo and security archiver Pak from NoGate. We ç
also have written permission from Nogate.

The layout of the disc will mainly be focused on the SDN's different ç
areas. IE: Utils, database, communications, business, misc, word ç
processing, etc etc.. These will all be archived with an extension of SDN. ç
The idea is author-direct shareware. Since a cd-rom can hold up to 680mb ç
or so, and the SDN hasn't passed that much, we will be making SDN archives ç
from floppies that authors have sent us.

Also included will be the latest sysop type utilities. James Smith owner ç
of TpBoard has written in direct support for our disc, and also has given ç
us permission to put FrontDoor on our disc. FD is not normally allowed to ç
be put on cd-rom media.

Boardwatch Magazine has given us permission to include all their back ç
issues on the disc also.

We have a custom 'door' written for our disc, called MegaDoor.. Very nice ç
door... :)


 > with paper followup. Otherwise, don't include FidoNews
 > without written permission from me.

As you can see from above, we're getting permission from the major players ç
to include their materials on the disc.. I wouldn't put fnews on our disc ç
without your authorization - even though I am fairly certain I have seen ç
copies of it on another shareware cd out there..

 > FidoNet's non-commercial nature pretty much limits
 > tings to not-for-profit, ie. charging not much more than yuor
 > producti no costs.

well, we're not 100% certain on the discs exact cost as of yet... Most of ç
the discs out there run from $80.00 to over $250.00 for a PC-SIG disc... ç
To produce a cd-rom disc can run in the 3000-5000 dollar range.. Most of ç
the discs I've seen have been a BBS that has backed up their hard drive ç
and had it pressed into a disc.. Thats not what we're doing.. We're trying ç
to get as many 'authorized' things as possible as we can on the disc.. ç
Plus, add to the fact of the many many hours we've been spending scanning ç
and re-archiving files into SDNs (and creating SDA's for them - yuck). ç
Even though we'll probably spend a helluva lot more time than your average ç
person on this project, it will most likely be in the 49.00 dollar range.. ç
Yeah, we'll make a little money, but not any killing by no means. :)

And you might wonder why I'd like to add fidonews to the disc... Well, I ç
haven't been in fido all that long.. Only about a year and half.. But in ç
that time I've formed a net, became a moderator of a pretty large echo, ç
and made soooo many close friends thru fido... Fidonews can be our main ç
way of communicating... Its a constant... My first NC gave me a copy of ç
fnews with policy4 when we wanted to join... Not every node gets the same ç
sysop
echo, but we all can get fidonews.. Since I've only been in fido for a ç
short period of time, I personally would love to read back thru all the ç
old issues.. What history it would be.. Kinda like opening up a time ç
capsule.. :) It would give me such pleasure to be able to distribute ç
fidonews to such a large volume of people... When I moved here, no one had ç
even heard of fidonet (including the local sysops).. What a shame.. And ç
I'm sure theres many other little towns that haven't either.. Perhaps if ç
someone downloaded a copy of fnews from the disc, they might get ç
interested enough to join... So, its kinda a personal thing... :)

Hope to hear from you soon.

           Thanks so much,  Karen

