                          Golden Moment

     Karen was my first lover when I was 13 years old, since then
we had been going out on and off for over 10 years, there never was
a time when I can remember when she and I could not find time for
some cheap sex. 
     After about 3 or 4 years into our relationship I had read some
sleazy newspapers on the subject of S&M/B&D I let her browse
through them and of course like any sexual novices we decided
"Let's give it a try" we started simple tying each other up,
blindfolds and the such and it stayed that way for months, then one
day after reading my favorite S&M paper I decided to take things a
bit further, I started using clothespins on her nipples and
dripping hot wax on her nipples and pussy, it really got heavy,
after a while we would take turns tying up each other and each
would take the other just a bit further than the time before. I
remember one time I had Karen hog tied quite well on my cold
basement floor, her hands tied tightly above her head, a nice
spring clothespin adorned each of her pert little nipples plus one
on her freshly shaven bush, I decided I was going to keep trying
things to see how far she would let me go, after making sure she
was securely bound I took a dildo that I had previously prepared by
attaching 2 strips of tin foil along each side and plunged it,
unlubricated, into her pussy, since I she was pretty wet with
anticipation she didn't complain too much, but when I attached a 12
volt power supply to the tin foil and gave her a little jolt she
seemed to come to life, I would set the knob to about three or four
volts and she would just twitch a bit, then every now and then I
would floor it to 12 volts for one or two seconds, her response was
a quivering feverish twitch, however she never asked ask me to
stop, she was loving it, after a while I grew bored with the "shock
therapy" and removed the fiery invader. She mentioned that her hole
was itchy from the electricity that previously pulsed through her
pussy. I asked her if she wanted that itch scratched and from just
below her blindfold I saw that devilish grin. It was time for me to
be devilish as well, I went into my new bag of tricks and pulled
out a jar of Vicks Vapo-Rub, I had read that a small amount inside
the pussy would make a girl dance for weeks, so I scooped out a big
ball and smeared it all over my dick (guess I was going to dance
too, but I wasn't tied up and I could wipe it off!) after painting
my dick from top to bottom I placed it at the entrance to Karens
pussy and in one plunge hit bottom, she purred with relief and I
remained still and waited for the burn, soon she started gyrating
her hips and saying "God my hole burns" so I started pumping her
for everything I was worth, that stopped the burning but everytime
I stopped she screamed "Keep going it burns" with my orgasm just
seconds away I did what I always do, which was pull out and climb
onto her chest and command her to "Open Wide" while my dick
squirted into her mouth. After my breathing returned to normal she
was still lying there twitching and complaining of an itchy pussy
so I stuck three or four fingers in her to calm the itch then I
gave her an ice cold douche to finally dowse the fire.
When all was said and done and I untied her the only thing she said
was "Tomorrow it's my turn" and I knew she meant it.



Well tomorrow came rather quickly and I was sure Karen would make
good one her promise to even the score. When she arrived she just
said "Get out of your clothes" when I did so she laid me down on my
back and pulled two silver dollars out of her pocket and proceeded
to tape them over my eyes, she said that she could see out from
under her blindfold and didn't want me having the same luxury,
after taping down the coins she covered them with our usual leather
blindfold, I was in the dark, complete blackout. She then tied me
with my hands stretched out high above my head and my legs pulled
tightly downward, as if in a rack. I then heard her step into the
next room and close the door behind her, I guess what they say
about losing one of your senses is true because from behind that
blindfold I heard her take off every stitch of clothing, then I
heard something that puzzled me, it was the sound of water slowly
pouring into a glass, but there was no sink or source of water in
that room I thought, I found out soon enough what she was up to.
She came back in the room and taped my mouth shut and untied my
right hand and said "Jerk off Now, and don't come without telling
me" so now that my dick was hard as a steel bar I went to town,
minutes later I felt the come boiling in my balls and began to moan
through the tape on my mouth, the next thing I felt was a glass
being held under my dick and she said "Go ahead come." which I was
happy to do. After I caught my breath she tore the tape off my
mouth and said "Open your mouth and stick out your tongue" I did so
happily expecting her lovely pussy to be lowered onto my tongue as
she had done so many times before, but what I got was a mouth full
of PISS! the water I heard was her pissing into a glass! She filled
my mouth to the rim and commanded "SWALLOW!" I just moaned my
displeasure and hoping she would let me spit it out, she just said
"Swallow it or suffocate" and with that she pinched my nose closed.
This was a side of Karen I had never seen and after reflecting
back, I liked it. So I reluctantly swallowed, and again she
refilled my mouth and commanded "SWALLOW" at this point there was
no use in resisting I was beaten and seven or eight mouthfuls later
she was done and untied me. I was so dumbfounded by her aggressive
behavior I said nothing. Later on I asked "Why did you make me come
into a glass, what did you do with the come?" Hoping she would say
she drank it or something she said "Oh didn't I tell you? that was
floating in your first mouthful." With that my dick got like a rock
and we fucked for the rest of the afternoon.

                              'FIN