Archive-name: Violent/s-barn2.txt
Archive-author: Gossamer Wasp
Archive-title: S-Barn # 2


In the last installment...

"Bob...," a hoarse voice croaked.  "Bobby!"  Stronger this time.  It was
Rich.
The blonde looked at his friend, still bound to the rough wooden horse.
"I'm gonna cut you loose right away, Rich.  But first," he moaned.  "First
I gotta come!"

"D-don't cut me loose.  Fuck me, please, Bobby.  Come inside me, I want
it!"

"You sure?"  Stepping around the farmer's inert body Bob walked behind
him, eyeing the roundness Rich's bent-over bondage gave his buttocks.  He
saw the farmer's come dribbling from Dick's asshole, and smelt its sharp,
exciting tang.

"Yes!  I'm sure!  Please!"  As Bob watched, Rich's cock swelled to
rigidity.  His hips twitched in invitation.

The throbbing in Bob's prick quickened.  Stepping forward, he pushed its
swollen tip between the lubricated cheeks until he felt a yielding
softness.  Rich moaned, "There!  Push it in."

Bob leaned forward and his prick-tip slipped through the tight muscular
ring.  They both moaned with pleasure, moans that continued as Bob pumped
his hips back and forth, pistoning his swollen shaft within Rich's bowel.
His asshole on fire, Rich ground his hips in a circle, alternately
squeezing and releasing his friend's rigid cock.  His own cock frictioned
against the wood of the sawhorse.  His muscles creaked as he strained
against his bonds, closer and closer to coming.

"Aah!", he moaned.  "Harder, Bobby!  Faster!  Ah!  Oh! Fuck me, fuck me
fuck meEEE!", he shouted as he came.

His final spasms gripped Bob like a vise, and after a few more jerky
strokes, the blonde shot his load into Rich's gut. Bob yelled as he came,
then fell forward onto Rich's freckled back.

In a few minutes, their breathing slowed.  Bob opened his eyes, tossing
his hair back and wiping the sweat from his brow.  He stood, reluctantly
letting his limp cock fall from Rich's asshole.  He walked shakily over to
the pile of clothing and retrieved the farmer's knife.  Kneeling, he cut
Rich free.  The other boy gingerly stood, moving cramped arms and legs,
rubbing his wrists where the ropes had sunk into the skin.

He looked at Bob.  "That was-was good.  No, it was fantastic!"

"God, it sure was from my end.  I never came like that before.  Jeez..."

Rich interrupted him.  "What're we gonna do with this piece of shit?", he
asked, prodding the unconscious farmer with one bare foot.  The naked man
groaned and mumbled unintelligibly before returning to his drunken stupor.

"I dunno; leave him here, I guess."

"Oh, no.  That's too good for the old prick.  Let's give him some of what
he gave us.  Let's string him up!"

"How?  He's gonna be awful heavy."

"We'll use the pulley over there, Bob.  You tie his hands an' feet, an'
I'll get the hook down."

Using the ropes that had held Rich to the horse, Bob tied the farmer's
hands and feet tightly, doubling the knots to make sure they would hold.
Together, the boys dragged the naked body to where Rich had lowered the
hooked pulley almost to the floor.  When Rich started to lift the man's
bound wrists, Bob stopped him.

"No, not like that.  Feet first; I'll show you why in a minute."

"Okay, feet up, hook him on, an' pull!", Rich said. Slowly the inert form
rose, bare skin scraping on the rough concrete floor.  At last the man
hung upside-down, bound hands a foot above the floor.

"Now, go over an' get that long-handled rake," Bob said, "an' I'll get his
can of grease."  Rich's eyes widened, then he smiled.  "Right.  We'll fix
the old fucker, won't we?"

"You bet we will!"

Standing on the box he'd used to mount the hook a short time before, Bob
spread the dangling man's buttocks, wincing from the stink.  He spread a
thick coat of grease around the filthy asshole, then thrust his fingers
inside.  Rich passed him the rake after smearing the bulb-shaped end
with the lubricant.  It was a good two inches thick.  Raising the thin
end toward the roof of the shed, Bob pressed the greasy bulb against the
farmer's anus.  He could feel the tissues tear as he shoved the handle in,
burying a good foot of it in the man's bowel.  A small amount of blood
seeped out around the wood.  The farmer thrashed briefly in his stupor,
then hung limp once again.

The rake was tied loosely in place with a length of rope around the
man's knees, and Bob stepped down, moving the box well out of reach.

"D'you think it'll kill him?", Rich asked.

"Maybe," Bob shrugged.  "Who gives a shit?"

"Not me, for sure.  Serve him right."  Rich placed his hand lightly on
his friend's welted bottom.  "Let's get his keys and get out of here.
We can clean up at the pump outside an' unlock our bikes."

Bob turned to face him, his cock stiffening.  He put his hands lightly
on Rich's bare chest, rubbing the nipples with his thumbs.  "Okay, "
he said.  "But let's grab all this stuff he used on us."  He licked his
lips and smiled.  "We don't hav'ta be home for hours yet!"

****************************************************************************

An hour later, the two boys parked their motorcycles off the road in
a densely wooded area,  more than 60 miles from the slaughtering shed.
As they hiked into the trees Rich said, "Bobby, I can't believe how good
it felt to get fucked in my ass, even by that old farmer. I can still
feel the come, leaking into my jeans."

Bob squeezed Rich's right asscheek through the thin denim and answered,
"Just hearing you talk about it is making me hard again, man. How about
it? My cock up your bum again? Right now while you're still..er loose?"

"Yeah," Rich whispered, removing his boots and socks and skinning out
of his jeans. "Do you want to spank my bum first? Or just fuck it?"

"Turn around," said Bob. "You've still got welts from the cane. Jeeze,
you've got a nice, round, white ass, with freckles on it. I don't think
I should spank you now but next time, I'm going to bend you over my knee
and slap your bum cheeks until they're red and glowing." Bob quickly
stripped from the waist down, then stepped behind Rich and nuzzled his
long cock in Rich's ass crack.

"Oh, man," breathed Rich. "I can't believe I'd never done this before
today and now, this will be the third time in a coupla hours. Bumfuck me
now, Bobby. Fuck me in my ass again!"

"Get down on your hands and knees, Rich. Stick your bare ass up at me.
I want to see it begging for my cock to fuck it." said Bobby. "I can't
wait to feel my long cock stuck up your hot ass."

Rich scrambled down onto his hands and knees and spread his legs apart.
He felt Bobby kneel behind him and then a hot circle of cock flesh
stabbing between his hind cheeks. His anus stretched to accommodate
Bobby's cock, then he felt the hard shaft slide all the way up his rectum
and coarse pubic hair nuzzling between his buttocks.

"Oh, it feels so good," said Rich. "It isn't even uncomfortable. Fuck me
really good, Bobby. Hard and fast."

Bobby reached down and put a hand on each of Rich's hips. Pulling his
own hips back, he watched his cock emerging inch by inch out of Rich's
asshole, then he jammed it back in until his pelvis slapped Rich's
bare ass. Rythmically he repeated the motion, his pelvis smacking into
Richie's bare ass, over and over.

"Oh, oh, oh," said Rich, each time he felt himself being filled up.
"Oh yeah, oh fuckmyass, oh spankmybum Bobby, spankmybum good, oh harder,
fuck me harder, spank me harder."

Bobby increased his tempo until the cock sliding in and out of Rich's ass
was a blur and the smacking sounds were almost continuous. Sweat tumbled
off his forehead and trickled down his backbone.  "Uh, uh, uh," Bobby
grunted. "I love your fucking ass, Ritchie. I love fucking your ass,"
he moaned.

"Ohhhh, Ohhhhhhh," Ritchie moaned back.  "It feels so good, man.
My asshole is sending jolts of ecstasy to my cock, Bobby. Don't stop.
Please don't stop. Keep sliding your big, beautiful cock in and out of
my bum!"

For the next ten minutes the centre of Bob's existence was his hard cock,
plunging in and out of his friend's asshole.  He watched his thick column
of blood-engorged flesh being squeezed by the tight ring of Rich's anus
and felt both his hands grasping and ungrasping the taut globes of smooth,
soft assflesh pointing up at him. Confusion reigned in his brain as,
without conscious thought, he felt his hips pistoning back and forth,
his cock delving deeper and deeper up Richie's ass.

"Oh, man, I want to rape your bum, Ritchie. I want to fuck you up the
ass forever," he said.

"Do it," said Ritchie. "Fuck me, man. Fuck my ass. Your cock up my bum
is driving me crazy, Bobby. Fuck me, man, fuck me good."

"Yeah, yeah," said Bobby, his hands on Rich's shoulders, pushing Ritchie's
chest down to the ground. His body cantilevered forward until his chest
was pressing against Ritchie's bare back and he was gasping  breath
onto the other boy's neck. Ritchie pushed his ass up into the air,
back against the attack on his asshole.

"Fuck me Bobby," he said. "Fuck me in my ass, man. Screw me up my asshole.
I love it, Bobby. I love your cock screwing me in my ass. I want you to
fuck me, fuck my bum. Do it, Bobby. Do it up my ass!"

Bobby had his sweaty hands on Ritchie's shoulders and his belly was
tight against Ritchie's bare back. He allowed his cock to jam  quickly
and tightly up Ritchie's ass.

"Wait for a second," said Ritchie, suddenly. "I'm going to come and we
should come together again."

Stopping, Bobby felt Ritchie's asshole grasp his engorged cock. "I dunno
man," he said into Ritchie's right ear. "I need to fuck you some more,
man. Maybe you could just come and I'll keep my cock up your bum. "

"No," said Ritchie, "I'll hold it. Bumfuck me slow and easy, Bobby.
Let my ass grab your cock when you get all the way in, then when I relax,
fuck me again until I grab your cock again."

"OK," said Bobby. " I'm going to come in your bum, Rich. I need to fill
your ass with my come. I just feel like fucking it awhile longer."

"It's OK," said Ritchie. "Screw my ass as long as you want to screw it.
Just let me know when you're going to come so I can let go at the
same time."

Bobby raised himself up and put his hands on either side of Ritchie's
waist. His eyes wandered lovingly over Ritchie's whip-striped ass cheeks.
He could see his pubic hair crushed between the cheeks of Ritchie's
buttocks and the root of his cock disappearing into the the other
boy's asshole. Grasping Ritchie tightly by the waist with both hands,
Bobby starting fucking the ass presented to him, driving his hard cock
in and out of Ritchie, faster and faster. Sweat poured off his brow and
splattered onto the kneeling boy's back. After another five minutes
of slamming his thighs into Ritchie's protruding ass flesh he felt
a tingling.

"Ritchie," he gasped. "Ritchie, I'm going to come inside you soon."

"Your cock is stretching my asshole," whispered Ritchie. " I can feel it.
Come now! Fill my ass, Baby. Come in my ass!"

"Uhhhhh," moaned Bobby as his cock stretched to the maximum, probing
deeper into Ritchie's ass. He felt himself spasm, deep in Ritchie's
asshole as sperm shot out of the end of his cock.

"I'm coming." Ritchie shouted. I'm coming too!"

A spasm lifted Bobby up onto the tips of his knees and he felt Ritchie's
body rising up with him, drawn up by the pressure of the long cock stuck
deeply up his ass. "Oh, fuck!" said Ritchie. "I'm coming like a river.
Shoot your come into my ass, Bobby. Come in me."

"Oh," sighed Bobby as Ritchie's asshole gripped his ultra-sensitive
cock and the last of the spasms left him. He waited several minutes
as Ritchie's ass squeezed the last pulses of semen left the tip of
his cock. His mind told him he was giving Ritchie his first come-enema.
After his cock softened, Bobby pulled it out of Ritchie's ass with a
small popping noise.

"I love it up the ass," said Ritchie. "I just love getting fucked up my ass."

--
