From: mark@odin.ucsd.edu (Mark Anderson)
Subject: More Sex
Date: 29 Sep 89 07:46:43 GMT

Here is some further adventures of Sam.  
Special thanks to Byron Go for his proofreading 
(As always, I am responsible for all errors).
------------------

Through overheard conversions of co-workers, Sam learns that her 
name is Karla.  She, like all the other secretaries, needs help 
from time to time with a printer or some program.  And so they get 
to know each other on working basis.  Though he usually lowers  his 
eyes as they passed in the halls, Sam occasionally get up the nerve 
to utter "Hello."

One week Karla asks Sam to join her and some friends to see a show
at a local nite club the following week.  Sam can not believe his 
luck, but his insecurity forces him to decline the offer.  Sam 
spends the rest of the week holding imaginary conversations in his 
head trying to come up with a rational reasonable explanation for 
his refusal.  Late Thursday night he decides to explain the whole 
situation to her: his lust, his shyness, his desire to be more than 
friends.  He spends most of the night devising a script of their 
conversation, continually reworking it in his head.

The next day, each time he sees her he finds some excuse not to go 
through with his plan.  The weekend finally arrives, and Sam is 
happy that he will, if only for a couple days, be out from under 
the burden of her tongue-tying presence.  Working on the weekend 
allows Sam, free of constant interruptions, to catch up on his 
work.  This week the work has piled quite high, and he is glad for 
the opportunity to work undisturbed.  As he walks in to the machine 
room to pickup some printout, he sees Karla there collecting her 
output.  She explains that she was working overtime on some 
important proposal.  Before he has a chance to consider his 
actions, Sam asked if the invitation was still open.  Karla says, 
"Sure," explaining that it is no big deal.  She gives him 
directions to the club before rushing back to work.

On the day of the show, Karla stops by Sam's office to ask for a 
ride to the show.  Her ride home is running late and she doesn't want 
to take the bus.  She arrives at his office shortly after work.
Instead of her usual business clothes she is wearing a punked up 
hi-top tennie, drawstring pants with handpainted figures and 
slogans, a tank top, and tie-dyed fabric strips braided into her 
hair.  They decide to grab a bite to eat at a local taco shop.  As 
they wait in line, the cool breeze stiffs her nipples beneath the 
flimsy material of the tank top.  Sam tries hard not stare, and 
fixes his eyes on her face as she speaks making the eye contact that he 
has worked so hard to avoid.  They pick up their food and sit down.

Sam chocks on his burrito when she asks if women should have men 
use condoms during oral sex.  She explains that this is a topic of 
discussion among her friend now that AIDS is around.  Sam stumbles 
uncomfortably through some aloof technical discussion.  Karla seems
mischievously pleased with the discomfort she has caused him. 

Despite her claims of thirty invited friends, only two other people 
join Sam and Karla at the club -- Karla's ride home and the ride's 
sister.  Midway through the show, Karla's ride has to leave.  Sam's
pulse races as he offers to take her home instead.

On the ride home, Sam tries to plan out a move he can make on 
Karla, who is busy  gabbing away.  She is a non stop talker, which 
complements Sam's introverted nature.  She claims that continuous talking
is a family affliction, and that to know a Collins is to know within
fifteen minutes of meeting them how they have lost their virginity.
Sam senses that he is caught in a rip tide, and has been pulled far from
the safety of shore.  When they arrive at her house, Karla invites Sam in
for some tea.  Seeing the opportunity to escape and swim safely back
to shore, Sam quickly drinks his tea and leaves in a cold sweat with a lame 
excuse about work the next day.

Over the next week Karla uses her lack of a car to drag Sam along 
on more outings.  Tonight they meet at a bar after Karla has 
spent the afternoon out house hunting.  Knowing that sexual
innuendo will not be enough, Karla starts employing some provocative 
physical contact to make her intentions clear to Sam.  After a few 
drinks, Karla asks to be taken home.

Sam makes himself comfortable in the beanbag chair in her living 
room.  She lights a candle, and turns off the lights before heading
to the kitchen to make some tea.  Only a few sips into the cup, 
Karla startles Sam by asking him point blank to stay and have 
sex with her.  Nearly spitting out his tea, Sam is left speechless.  
Finally able to speak, after a very long pause, Sam offers that he 
would like to, but he is not ready.  Karla seems hurt, but says 
she wont rush him.  Seeing the opportunity of a life time slip 
away, Sam clarifies that he means he doesn't have any condoms 
with him.  Karla, with a smile on her face, quickly produces some 
from her purse.  She takes his hand, lifts him out of the beanbag 
chair and lets him to her bedroom.

She sets him on the mattress and goes about preparing the room.  
The mattress laying on the floor is covered by a variety of 
different blankets, the top being a Mexican blanket whose coarse 
weave digs into Sam's sweating palms.  The room is crowded but 
neat.  She opens the drapeless window of the room located above a 
milk crate bookshelf.  Sam feels the cool night air as it rushes 
past the small drops of sweat on his forehead.  Outside the window, 
Sam hears the neighbors' TV set and the traffic from the street.  
With a book of matches that she takes from an abalone shell, Karla
lights a candle and places it atop a wine bottle covered with wax.  
She places the bottle down on an ornate wooden chest of drawers.
She withdraws a package of incense for the top drawer.  With the 
candle flame she lights the incense stick.  She walks the incense 
around the room, gently wafting it as she goes.  She kneels to place 
the stick in a flowerpot next to the bed.  The smoke is 
sweet and flower like but Sam, being unfamiliar with such things,
is unable to place the aroma.  Karla then tears open the condom packet
and leaves the condom on the wrapper next to the plant.  Sam hears the 
rush of blood past his ears as she removes her tank top and cuddles 
up next to him on the bed.

He feels her soft exhaled breath as her lips approach his.  She 
caresses his face gently with her fingertips, as her soft wet lips 
press against his.  He opens his mouth lustfully to accept her 
tongue.  The sensation of her slippery muscle sends his mind reeling.
He responds by running the tip of his tongue along the delicate underside
of her tongue from the tip to its base in her mouth.  The overwhelming 
wetness and the irregular bumps on is smooth surface remind him of 
a well lubricated vagina.  As their tongues playfully fight for 
position, he feels her fingers moving down his chest as she 
unbuttons his shirt.  He moves his trembling fingers to grasp her 
shoulders.  She pulls his shirt off his shoulder and down his back.  
He lowers his arms and together they manage to remove his shirt, which
is flung to the side of the bed.  He returns one hand to her 
shoulder, while the other reaches for her breasts.  He caresses the 
underside of one breast with the backside of his fingers.  Moving 
his hand to the other breast he repeats the treatment.  Her nipples 
are recessed in her breast like tiny bellybuttons.  With a little 
coaxing from his thumb and forefinger, the nipples come out of 
hiding to stand proud and erect.

After disentangling their tongues, Sam moves his mouth close to her 
left ear.  Moving her hair out of the way, he starts to nibble on 
her earlobe, playfully using his tongue to dance with her earring.  
Then he moves his tongue into her ear and uses his tongue to rim 
the outside of her hearing canal.  He hears her giggle "That 
tickles", tasting the sour wax as he inserts the tip in the 
opening.  He switches to the other ear to fulfill his need for 
symmetry.  Moving to the foot of the bed, he unties her shoelaces and 
removes her sneakers.  While removing her socks, he massages the 
underside of her foot with his flat of his thumb.  His thumb 
travels from the soft velvet-like arch to roughly callused ball of 
her foot.  Supporting her foot with one hand he gently draws the 
backs of his fingernails across the sole of her foot.  Giggling, 
she attempts to draw her foot away, but cannot escape his grasp.
Her giggles become laughter as he repeats the motion again.  

Sam lowers his mouth to her foot and draws his tongue along the 
path of his fingers.  He finds the salty taste slightly erotic, and 
licks between her toes to get more.  Karla lets out a moan, as he 
inserts her big toe in his mouth and swirls his tongue around it.  
He closes his mouth in a tight oh, bobbing and bobbing his head 
slightly.  The sensation is too much for her and she pleads for him 
to stop.

He crawls up to her waist to remove her pants.  She arches her back 
so the he can pull the pants past her hips and down her legs.  He 
smiles when he sees that she wears no panties.  He brushes his hand 
up and down her furry legs, tickling the inside of her thigh when he 
reaches the top.  She murmurs with approval and spreads her legs 
wider.  Licking her leg at the ankle, he paints a trail of saliva 
and matted hair as he works his tongue up her leg.  It stops at the top
of her thigh, just short of her pussy.  He gives her bountiful pubic hair
a pecking kiss, and starts over on the other leg.  This time he lingers
at the top of her tight crack, enjoying the musky aroma of her sex.
After his tongue bathes every inch of her except her pussy, he lays back
on the bed and waits for her to undress him.

She straddles his hips and pins his arms down at the wrist as she 
grinds her cunt again his confined bulge.  "Whatcha got for me big 
boy?" she asked playfully.  Her sloppy wetness is soaking through 
his pants when she finally climbs off.  His breathing has grown 
quite hard, and there is an unnatural intensity in his eyes.  She teases 
him to wait up for her.  Finally, she removes his shoes and socks.  
His breathing returns to a more relaxed pace as she massages his 
foot.  "You gotta a lot of tension built up; maybe you need to get 
foot rubs more often," she says with a large smile on her face.  
Working on the other foot, she places his heel against her crotch.  
He feels the silky smoothness of her liquid as he rotates his heel 
while she works on his arch.

Releasing his foot, she walks up the bed on her knees, to rid him 
of his last patch of clothing.  She undoes his belt.  As she tugs his 
pants and shorts down and he lifts his hip, she frees his erection.  "Oh 
look, you've got a boner; we'll have to do something about that."  
She is hot and ready to go.  She reaches over and picks up the 
condom.  After figuring out which way it unrolls she places it on 
the tip of his dick.  Slowly she starts to unroll the condom.  Sam 
closes his eyes so he can enjoy the total sensation of the tight
latex ring traveling down dick like a perfect circle of pleasure.  
Karla straddles his hips and positions his hard-on at the entrance 
of her hungry cunt.  She lets out a gasp as she pushes his sex 
into her tight entrance.  Moaning loudly, she rides up and down on 
his stiffness.  Sam has never been with someone so exuberantly 
vocal before.  The loud clipped cries, the musky scent, and the 
incredibly tight yet slippery grip center his consciousness on his
throbbing manhood.  As he reaches up to fondle her tits, he can 
feel her heart beating even before he touches her skin.  She then
switches from a pumping motion to a grinding motion.  Grinding her 
pubic bone against his, she bends forward and stares into his eyes.  
With her pupils dilated and nostrils flaring, she showers sweat 
onto his chest from her drenched forehead.  Her facial expression 
and stare indicate that she is about to enter another world.  Her 
breathing becomes rapid and irregular.  She tosses her head back 
and screams "I'm going to come, I'm going to come."  Her scream 
becomes a piecing cry, and Sam feels her twitch uncontrollably as the 
wild fibrillating spasms of her vice-like muscles grip his cock.  
She grins from ear to ear, and her deep breathing resumes a 
regular rhythm.  She collapses on top of him, with his hard dick 
still inside of her.  Panting and sweating as she regains her 
senses, she gives him a little kiss and says, "Thank you."  Her
rambunctious orgasms have filled Sam with a newfound sexual confidence.

She rolls off the top of him as he moves the other way to get out 
from underneath.  She spreads her legs and smiles in invitation.  
He kneels down between her legs and takes a deep snort of her musky 
odor, before positioning himself to mount her.  She reaches down to 
guide him home.  He begins making long slow sensual strokes.  He 
bathes in the warm tightness that he feels to the exclusion of all 
else.  He varies the speed and the angle of attack, but for what 
seems like eternity he remains at a soaring, steady feeling of 
sexual contentment.  They switch to doggie style.  The sight of her 
charming asshole puts some extra pep in his peter, as he prepares 
to enter her pussy from behind.  Grabbing her hips, he began to 
pound away in her tight little cunt.  After thrusting through 
another journey beyond the limits of time, gradually he begins to 
lose sensation from his dick, so while still hard he pulls out.  
Karla signals that soreness is setting in.  "Guess we'll have 
to try again sometime," Karla says with a wink as they snuggle 
together and drift towards sleep.  A calming murmur overtakes his 
body as he lies silent, reliving in his mind the best sex of his 
life.

