SAFE SEX

Lucy, one of my innumerable cousins, was getting married.  The wedding
party was a gigantic affair, held at a place some two miles from where
Lucy had been living with her parents and sister.  At first I was
bored, then I met Jack.  He is not a relative of mine, and I don't
think I'd met him before.  He is about my own age.  We went for a
walk together.  He told me that Lucy and Carol had always called him
uncle, though he was really their mother's cousin.  He had been a
frequent guest through  most of the girls's childhood, but now he was
living very far away.  He had stayed with Lucy's family for a couple
of days before the wedding.  He had a key to the house, and had been
steering us towards it.  There we thought we would find peace and quiet
to "become better acquainted," as he put it.

We went in through the garden.  For some reason Jack had been given
the key to the garden door.  The door opened directly into the living
room.  As we entered, a very flustered boy got up from the sofa.  I
learned later that he was 16.  He was stark naked.  So was Carol, the
bride's 17 year old sister, who was lying on her back, legs bent and
spread, on the sofa.
"Uncle Jack!"
"Hi Carol.  Who are you?"
His name was Dave, and he was somehow related to the groom.
"You won't tell, will you?  Please?"
Jack ignored Carol.  He was staring at Dave's crotch.
"You are not wearing a rubber, I see."
Dave blushed and said nothing.
Jack gave them a long lecture on the dangers of unsafe sex.  Dave
protested that he could not have any STDs.  He blushed even deeper when
asked if he was a virgin.  That was of course answer enough.  Carol
admitted that they had not used any sort of contraceptive.  Jack said
he had to tell their parents.
"No!  Please!  Uncle Jack, dad will be furious.  Please don't.  I
promise to be good.  Isn't that enough?"
"What will your dad do to you?"
"He'll make me quit the field and track team.  He said he'd do that if
I was caught with a boy again.  He'll do it too.  I'm sure he will."
"You deserve to be punished for this.  You do see that, don't you?"
"Please don't tell him.  Please?"
"There is an alternative.  If you and Dave accept punishment from Ray
and me, we won't say anything, will we Ray?"
"No," I said.  I had been thinking that he was a bit too hard on them.
"Well?"
"Ok."
"Dave?"
"What kind of punishment?"
"You'll find out.  Do you want your folks to know?  Do you want Carol's
folks to know?"
"No."
"Then you'd better accept."
"Dave, please!  I know uncle Jack.  He won't be too hard on us."
"I don't know."
"Please!"
"All right, I accept."

Jack went to his guest room and returned with a stiff leather bag.  He
got a large wooden brush out of the bag, and placed it on the coffee
table.  Carol was sitting on the sofa staring at the brush with horror.
"Uncle Jack!  What are you going to do with that thing?"
"You'll find out."
He placed a footstool on the sofa, then placed his bag beside it.
"You first Carol.  Kneel here.  One knee on each side of the bag.
That's it.  Now lean over the stool.  That's it."
The bag kept her knees about 15 inches apart.  Jack picked up the
brush, and hammered it into Carols right buttock.
"Ouch!"
Then into the left."
"Ouch!  Stop that!"
"We can stop now, if that is what you want."
"Stop!"
"OK, are you coming back to the party with me?  Do you want to be
there when I tell your dad?"
"You can't!  You promised?"
"Make up your mind.  Who gets to punish you?  Me or your dad?"
"No.  Please."
"It's me or your dad.  Which is it?"
"Can't you do it some other way?"
"No.  It's like that, or tell your folks."
"Uncle jack!  There must be some other way."
"Do I tell your dad, or do I spank you?"
"Don't tell!"
"You choose the spanking, then?"
After some hesitation, Carol said yes.
"OK, if that is what you want, that is what we'll do."
He then resumed working on her ass with the brush.  Right, left, right,
left, right, left.  Carol howled and whimpered.  Being a dick man, I
had kept an eye on the one visible dick in the room: Dave's.  It had
been hard when he got up.  It had turned soft quickly.  Now, as he was
staring in deep fascination at Carol's punishment, it was getting hard
again.  I embraced him from behind, and grabbed his dick.  He started,
but didn't try to move away from me.
"Turns you on, does it?" I asked, stroking his dick.  He gulped, but
didn't answer.  "Your turn will come," I told him, keeping up the
strokes.  I pressed my hard, clothed dick against his naked butt.
Carol's ass had turned from white to pink, and was now turning red.
Jack was obviously enjoying himself immensely.  He paused to run his
hand between her legs.
"So Dave is turned on by this?  So is Carol."
"That makes four of us," I told him.
She moaned as he teased her private parts.  Without warning, he resumed
spanking.  Dave shook and gasped as he placed several white stripes
across the coffee table.  I made him go get a wet cloth and clean up.
He was very fast in coming back, but the spanking was over when he did.
Jack was running his finger up and down Carol's butt crack.  He tickled
the hole.  He picked up the bag.  He took out a lot of condoms, and
dumped them in a heap on the table.  Then he got out a tube.  He put
some of the greasy looking contents on one finger, and slid it slowly
into Carol's ass.  His other hand was doing something to her crotch.
Dave was staring.  So was I.  Jack pulled his finger in and out, in and
out.  Eventually he took it out, put on some more of the greasy stuff,
and thrust in two fingers.  He somehow managed to get his pants and
undies off with one hand.  His dick was very hard.  He handed Carol a
condom, and asked:
"Do you know how to put on one of these?"
"Yes."
"Show me."
He placed his dick under her nose.
"What are you going to do?"
"Don't worry.  I'm no rapist, you know that.  Now put it on."
She did.  She did know how.  Jack pulled out his fingers.
"Now you have two options.  You can go to your room and stay there.
Alone!  Or ..."
He knelt between her knees.  When she made no motion to get up, he
placed the tip of his dick against her asshole.  After another short
wait, he thrust inside.  I was feeling jealous.  It was me he was supposed to fuck, not her!  I held onto Dave, and pressed against his
butt.  He didn't seem to even notice.  He was staring at Jack and
Carol, as was I.  They seemed to be enjoying themselves very much.
They were both moaning.  Then Jack thrust in as deep as he could go and
lifted Carol up, squeezing her upper body against his.  He then sat
down, pulling out, almost collapsing.  When he had got off the rubber,
Carol sat in his lap.  They both looked expectantly at Dave and me.

I got the brush and the tube.  I placed them at the end of the table, within easy reach of the chair I then sat down in.
"Come here, Dave."
"Must I?"
"You must."
He came, very reluctantly.  I placed him across my knees.  Out of the
corner of my eye, I noticed Carol guiding Jack's hand to her crotch.
"You do know why I have to do this, don't you?"
"Yes."
"Why?"
"Because I ... that is we ... err ..."
"You did what?"
"We were making love.  And we didn't uhm ... use any protection."
"No Dave.  Not because you were making love.  There is nothing wrong
in that.  Only because you did it without protection.  Do you
understand?"
"Yes."
"There are many sexy things lovers can do to each other without risk, even if they don't have rubbers.  Know what I mean?"
"Yes."
"But you had to choose one of the risky ones.  You do see that that was
wrong?"
"Yes."
"I suppose we'd better get on with it.  This is going to hurt."

I spanked him with my hand.  At first he didn't react at all.  Then he
started protesting.  It didn't have to hurt this much.  I didn't have
to go on so long and so on and so forth.  I minded my own business.  He
squirmed some, but didn't try to get away.  After a good, long spanking
I stopped, and ran my hand over his deep pink, burning hot ass.
"Didn't you think about Carol at all?"
That took him by surprise.
"I did.  I thought about her very much."
"Did you think about what a pregnancy would do to her life?"
"Err, no."
"Was that considerate?"
"No."
"What were you thinking of?"
"Errrrr I don't know."
"You were thinking of how good it would feel to screw her.  Weren't
you?"
"No."
"That's a lie!"
SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK
"Ouch!"
"Weren't you?"
"Yes!  But not only of that.  That's what I meant.  Not only of that."
"What then."
"Uhm  errr."
"What?"
"How lovely she is!  How nice and kind she is.  How good it would feel
for her."
"But not about the consequences."
"Well, no."
"That was wrong, wasn't it?"
"Yes."
"You do agree that you have deserved your punishment, don't you?"
"Yes."
"We'd better get on with it then."
"NO!  Please!  I have been punished!  No more."
I picked up the brush.
SPLAT
"OOOOOWWWWW!"
He tried to jump up.  I held onto him.  I spread my legs, and wedged
him between them, holding onto his right wrist with my left hand.
Slowly I gave him fifteen or twenty hard blows.  He howled at each one.
He got rather hoarse.

I asked him a number of questions about what he would do in similar
situations in the future, and got some satisfactory answers.  I told
him that I had to make sure he would remember.  I gave him another
twenty or so with the brush.  This time he only whimpered at the blows. 

Once again I asked him what he would do in a similar situation.  This
time I had him go into details.  He seemed uncomfortable talking about
sex.  He would say things like: "I will use my fingers on her," and I
would have to ask just how he would use them.  A single blow with the
brush now and then was all that was needed to make him talk, though.
"You do know what to do.  Why didn't you do so this time, then?"
"I don't know."
"That's no answer."
SMACK
"OW!  I ... I got carried away."
"Because it was your first time?"
"Yes."
"You will not be carried away in the future?"
"No."
"That's a good boy.  You'll remember?"
"Yes."
"I'm sure you will.  After this, you will remember."
I gave him another five, in the same rhythm I had used for both
long series, hoping to convince him that I would go on like this
forever, or at least that he was getting another twenty.  Then I put
down the brush.


I ran my hand over his ass.
"Dave?"
"Yes."
I put a finger on his asshole.  He shivered.
"Did you notice what Jack and Carol did after he spanked her?"
As if there was any doubt!
"Yes."
"Want to try that?"
He didn't answer.  I tickled the hole.  The I got the tube, and lubed
him up, still wedged between my thighs.  I had him stand up, and handed
him a rubber.
"Know how to put it on?"
"Err ... yes, ... that is ..."
"You don't.  Watch."
His dick was not quite soft.  I kissed him high on the thighs.  I
spread his legs and kissed the inside, moving towards the crotch.  I
ran my tongue around the base of his now rater hard shaft.  He was
rubbing his backside.  I fondled his dick in my hand.
"Carol," I asked, "how would you like a Dave sandwich?"
"What?  Oh!  Sounds good!"
"Now watch," I told Dave, and rolled the rubber on him.
"Want to see it again?"
"Err yes, please."
I took off most of my clothes, and rolled a rubber on myself.  My dick
needed no work, it had been hard for quite some time.

Carol had removed the stool, and was lying on her back on the sofa.  I
had Dave rest on his knees between her legs and his elbows beside her
chest.  I placed my dick against his hole.
"Dave, you don't have to do this, you know."
No answer.  Could I take silence as consent?  Better not.
"Do you want to?"
Still no answer.  I sat back.
"Of course he does," said Carol.
"Dave, I am going to buttfuck you.  If you don't want that, say so
now."
I put my dick against his hole again.  He didn't move or speak.
"Relax."
He relaxed very slightly.
"Try squeezing as hard as you can.  That's good.  Now relax."
This time the sphincter really relaxed, and I went in.  He groaned.
"Did that hurt?"
"Yes.  No, not hurt, not really."
I went all the way in.
"It's nice and hot in here," I informed him, "even hotter than on the
outside."
I made a few thrusts.  Carol grabbed his dick and guided him into her.
At first he thrust up and down, and I thrust in the same rhythm,
meeting him when he rose.  Then he just lay and made small rotating
motions, and I fucked him in my own rhythm.  I am not much of a fucker,
I much prefer getting fucked myself, but this was really, really great.
It felt as if everything inside me was being pulled towards my crotch.
I grabbed Dave by the shoulders and held him close as I came.  To me it
felt like that orgasm lasted half an hour.  I just came and came and
came.

I pulled out and got rid of the rubber.  Dave was at first just lying
there, then he started thrusting again.  The dark red ass moved up and
down, up and down.  The temptation was simply too great.  He looked
like nothing would disturb him now.  That was just what I was going to
test.  I took my belt out of my discarded pants, doubled it up, and
swung it into Dave's pumping ass.
"Ouch!" he said, not missing a beat.  I gave him another lick.
"Ouch!  Stop!"
He kept fucking.  I kept belting him.  He stopped protesting, and only
grunted at the blows.  After ten or fifteen licks, I decided that
enough was enough.  When I put down the belt, Jack picked it up.
"Your turn Carol.  Turn around!"
"No!  Uncle Jack!  Please!"
He lifted Dave off her.  She got up.  Jack put down the belt.
"You were equally responsible.  It would not be fair to give one a
more severe punishment than the other."
He grabbed her by the shoulders.  He pressed down, bending her over.
Holding her with his left hand, he picked up the brush with his right.
He brought it down hard on her butt.  She howled.
"You don't have to ride Dave."
SMACK
"Ow!"
"But you will get your spanking."
SMACK
"No!"
"Would you rather we did it like this?"
SMACK
"Ouch!  No!"

Dave lay down on his back.  Carol lay down on top, sliding her sex
around his.  She started doing little rotating motions.  Jack picked
up the belt and worked her ass with it.  He didn't hit as hard as I
had, but he went on and on and on.  Suddenly Carol lay quite still.
Her breathing was very ragged, and her lower body shivered ever so
slightly.  If this was what her orgasms looked like, she might have
had several earlier without me noticing.  Jack put down the belt.
Carol hugged Dave, pressed her cheek against his and ran her hands
through his hair.  Dave ran his hands over her butt, which was dark
red with even darker splotches.

Jack also ran a hand over her ass.  She resumed rotating her hips.
Jack said: "You both got the brush, didn't you?"
They were too busy to answer.
"And you both got the belt, but only Dave got this."
He slapped Carols ass with his open hand.
"Ouch!  Don't!  Please don't."
He knelt beside the sofa and spanked her with his hand.  She kept
fucking.  Dave started thrusting upwards.  I think Carol came again,
but I am not sure.  She kept moving, and Jack kept spanking.
Eventually Dave came.  Dave and Carol just lay hugging.  Then Carol got
up.  Jack rose, and started fingering her crotch again.  His dick was
hard as an iron rod.  I decided that it was now or never.
"Jack, don't you think it's time I got what I came for?"
"What do you mean?"
"This"
I grabbed his dick.  Dave had got up.  I picked up some cushions, which
Carol and Dave must have dumped on the floor to make room on the sofa.
I placed them on the sofa, and lay down on my back, the cushions
lifting my ass.  Jack got the tube, and lubed up a finger.  He
fingerfucked me with one hand, while working on my dick with the
other.  That was great.  I played a little with his dick, then I
got a rubber from the heap, and rolled it on him.  I covered his dick
with lube.  He lay down, and thrust into me.  Slowly he moved up and
down, in and out.  I was in heaven.

"Uncle Jack?  Taking advantage of teens is not nice, is it?"
Only a split second before the brush made contact with Jack's ass did
I realise that he couldn't see what was coming.  Jack groaned.  His
face contorted, his muscles went rigid.  I expected him to jump up and
grab her, but he didn't.
"Know what I think?  I think you deserve a spanking!"
She brought down the brush on him again and again in a furious tempo.
His face was a mask of pain.  He groaned and grunted at the blows, but
he didn't get up or even protest.  How did she dare?  Had she known he
would react like this?  What games had Carol played with her "uncle"
Jack?  To this day I don't know.

Jack resumed fucking me.  Carol paused for some reason.  At once Dave
cut in, taking my belt to Jack's ass.  At first they seemed to compete
for spanking him, but soon they fell into a rhythm.  Dave would give
him four licks with the belt, then Carol gave him four with the brush
and so on.  Having said I was in heaven before, I have no words to
describe what I was feeling now.

Jack kept fucking me for a long, long time.  I suppose this was because
he found the spanking distracting.  The kids slowed down, but they
didn't stop spanking him.  I was in no position to count blows, but it is my impression that Jack got the worst spanking that day.  All good
things come to an end.  Jack came.  Dave belted him hard and fast
while he almost crushed me in a bear hug.  He was shaking all over.

Jack collapsed on top of me.  Dave stopped spanking him. .  Jack got
up and walked around, rubbing his butt.  He sat in an easy chair,
looking totally exhausted.

I noticed that Dave's dick was up again.  From the heap I picked a
brand of condom I thought I recognised.
"Dave, let me see if you have learned to put these on."
He looked at the two available dicks, then rolled the rubber on mine.
"That's right.  Now let me see if you can put one on yourself."
I handed him a similar one, which he put on.  I turned on my side,
placing my back (and my butt!) against the back of the sofa.
"Lie here.  No, this way."
I guided him into 69 position, and took his dick in my mouth.  I had
been right, the rubber was not only unlubed, it was flavored.  I sucked
on his dick.  Cocksucking is one of my favorite hobbies.  He followed
my example.
"Hey!  This rubber tastes of strawberry!"
I stopped sucking him just long enough to inform him that his tasted of
lemon.  I ran my hand across his burning butt.  He started teasing my
asshole with a finger!  That was too much.  I came.  I was lost to the
world, I don't know how long.  Sex should always be like this!

I wanted to suck on Dave some more, or have him fuck me, but Carol
pulled him down on the floor.  They began fucking again.
"Ray?  Don't you think we should get back to the party?"
Jack was dressed.  I went to the bathroom to clean up, then I returned
and dressed.  Jack put his stuff back in the bag, and put it back in
his guest room.  He came back while I was dressing.
"You might need these."
He dropped five or six condoms on the coffee table.  I don't think they
noticed.

This was two years ago.  I haven't seen Jack since, but I might soon.
There is a rumor that Carol will soon be getting married.  We will no
doubt both be invited to the wedding.

Excuse me a moment.

That was Dave on the phone.  He asked if he could come over.  I told
him no, I am very busy today.  I warned him that if he disturbs me
again , I will paddle him so he'll have to sleep on his stomach the
rest of this week.  He lives two blocks from here.  He'll be here in
five minutes.

THE END
