			Sailing

			by Akai
		     copyright 1993.

He chuckled to himself in amusement as he and Copper clambered
around the sailboat, getting ready to leave the dock.  She was
wearing sneakers <no socks, damn>, a black headband holding back
her long red hair, cutoffs, a black t-shirt which 
had been subjected to heavy surgery, and a red bikini.  He could
just see the bottom of the bikini top as she worked the sail
cover off of the mailsail.  <Let's see... seven pieces...>

Everything went smoothly.  The motor caught without fuss (will
miracles never cease!) and they puttered out of the marina
without incident.  He lay back and relaxed, steering the boat,
letting Copper raise the sails, as they cleared the outer bouys.

It was a truly lovely day - the kind of day that burned his fair
skin, but seemed to leave Copper's equally fair skin untouched.
A few scattered clouds, a decent wind, a terrific picnic lunch
packed, and time on their hands.  Copper got the sails set to 
her satisfaction, then climbed over and snuggled next to him
on the bench.

"Kneel in front of me, slave."

"Yes, master."  Copper knelt down in the cockpit and bent her 
head forward.  He locked a slim leather collar around her 
neck.

"Now strip, and put all your clothes down below."

"This is your parent's boat, my love!"

"That is one demerit.  Strip."

She pulled her clothes off, a piece at a time, moving and stretching, it
seemed to him, a bit more than was *strictly* necessary.  When she
got to her sneakers, she raised her eyebrows at him in question, and
at his nod, threw those, too, below.  She stood in front of him,
proud and teasing, hands on her hips, shoulders back, legs slightly
spread apart.  He ran his hands up her smooth thighs, through her thick
bush, held her around her slim waist, and shook her gently.

"The headband, too."

"But my hair will be in my eyes in this wind."

"I thought of that," he said, showing her an elastic hair-tie. 
You may have this if the wind picks up enough to be a problem.  And
that will be another demerit for impugning your Master."

"Yes, Master," with a gulp, this time.  She'd managed to accumulate
*five* demerits.  Usually he used them soon after she incurred them -
they were liscence to push her limits, hard, in some direction (safeword
still applying, of course).  This time he seemed to be conserving
them - obviously with particular intent.  The headband followed the
rest of her clothes below.

"In the basket you'll find a small bag - bring it to me."

She dissappeared below, then reappeared in a few moments, with a red
silk bag, Inside were a bunch of two by three cards and a pen.

"On each card, write down one article of the clothing you were
wearing.  Make sure you include your headband and sneakers.  For each
orgasm, it doesn't matter whose, today, you get one chance to pull a
card from that bag.  When we return to the harbor, and for the rest of
the day, you may wear only the clothing you've recovered.  Oh, the
sneakers are two separate items, as are the bikini bottom and top."

Copper stared at him aghast, then burst into hysterics at the thought
of walking into his parent's house wearing sneakers, headband,
bikini top, and no bottoms whatsoever.  They were both thirtysomething,
so three orgasms each in the six hours or so until they returned
was pushing it.

She set to her task, handing her Master each completed card.  Knowing
her tendencies towards being a pushy bottom, he checked each card
before putting it in the bag, chuckling at her careful notation
of 'right sneaker' and 'left sneaker'.

"Would you like your first chance to recover a card now, Copper?"

"Yes, please, Master"

He buried his hands in Copper's hair and forced her to her knees.

"Suck me"

She unzipped his jeans, releasing his aroused cock.  Copper began
to play with his cock, sucking on it, dragging her teeth gently
over its head.  She nipped at the head and felt his hands clench 
reflexively in her hair.  As she set seriously to her task, she
hoped no other boats were close, since he tended to loose track
of the rest of the world when she gave him head.  He pushed her
head down onto his cock with the rythm she was establishing, 
mildly punishing the back of her throat, but increasing both 
their pleasure.  When he was close to coming, Copper slipped a hand
into the process and pushed him over the edge, swallowing his
first wild ejaculations, then milking him gently, drawing out
the orgasm.  

"You don't often have your hands free at this point, do you?"

"No.  Parts of you seemed to approve..."

"All of me approves.  You may draw one card from the bag."

He opened the bag.  Copper reached in and withdrew one card.  Her
face fell when she learned that she had just recovered her right
sneaker.

 **********

They sailed on, enjoying the sun and the wind.  Small islands sprouted
near the shore from time to time.  Despite her earlier protests, Copper
did not mention pulling her hair back again.  To her chagrin, her
Master didn't offer her any more chances at recovering clothing pieces,
either.  He obviously had a destination in hand, though, since he
regularly checked their location and mumbled navigational-sounding
words to himself.  

After about an hour of steady sailing, he steered them into a small bay
tucked into the landward side of a medium sized island.  Copper could
see a few other boats in the bay, but no people.  Copper set the anchor
while her Master changed into cutoffs (the closest he came to a
swimsuit).  He tucked the red silk bag into the picnic basket, dropped
an inflatable swimming pool float over the side, and placed the basket
and a blanket carefully on the float.  Then they both slipped over the
side into the water and swam to shore.

The breeze after the cool water made Copper's nipples erect.  Her Master
noticed and smiled.

"They look so pretty, pointing out like that.  I think they need
jewelry."  He dug in the picnic basket a bit and pulled out two silver
nipple clamps.  Reaching for her breasts, he paused, and grinned.
"Five demerits, eh?"  Using his thumbnail, he twisted the adjustment
screw on each clamp a turn or two, watching Copper's face.  He slowly
reached for one nipple and attached a clamp, watching her face.  As
he slowly let the clamp take hold, she gasped a bit, then he could see
her eyes glaze a bit as she adjusted and began to drift into endorphin
space.  He attached the second clamp, then hung several small weights
to each clamp.  A light tap sent the weighted clamps swinging, and 
Copper gasped with pleasure.  Such a little thing would not offset
even one demerit, though, and she wondered how he would use five.

"Come on, I'm getting hungry."  He set off for a path which headed up
into the trees at the edge of the small beach.

Copper followed, but didn't fully return to earth, as every step kept
the weights swaying.  After a few minutes, they came out of the sparse
trees into a slightly larger space, not really a clearing, but large
enough to spread the blanket.

Reaching into the picnic basket, he extracted a bottle of wine and
two wine glasses.  He uncorked the wine and poured Copper a glass.  
As he spread lunch out, she couldn't help but notice that, while
tempting, the supplies were on the light side.  Lunch certainly had
not filled that basket!

 *********

"Wake up, slave!" 

Blearily, Copper looked around the clearing, and realized that her
Master had not joined her in her nap.  Her Master cuffed her wrists in
front of her, led her to a tree, forced her to her knees, and tied her
to the waiting rope.  He pulled out a cat and began to whip her back
and ass.  Occassionally he would wrap the cat around her side to her
tits, setting the weighted clamps swinging.  As his strokes grew harder,
Copper moaned with pleasure.  He could see the branch above bend a bit
as she let the rope support progressively more of her weight.

"Well, hello."  Copper looked up to see who her Master had addressed
so sofly, and saw a child - no, almost a man, watching them from the
trees at the edge of the clearing.  

"Come over and take a closer look.  Really - she *likes* being
watched.  Isn't she beautiful?"  The boy stood a bit taller, and 
edged forward into the clearing.  He was really lovely, long black
hair, strong features (with a bit of acne), graceful and gawky at
the same times, in the way of teenagers.  <Fourteen or fifteen, with
the best of both sides of the mixed parentage common on the edge of
the reservation> Copper thought.

"That's right.  Would you like to touch her?  It's not often someone
your age gets this sort of chance...  It's really ok."

"Doesn't she talk?"

"Invite the young man over, Copper."  Her Master gently played the
cat over her back.

"Please join us."

The boy crossed the clearing in a few quick strides, though he still
looked ready to bolt any minute.

"Why are you beating her?"

"Well, partly because she enjoys it, partly because I enjoy it, and
partly because she's been a bit pushy lately.  Would you like to try?"
He lashed Copper a couple of times by way of demonstration, eliciting
another moan of pleasure from her.  He offered the cat to the boy, who
accepted it dubiously.  The boy stood still for a moment, then tried
an experimental lash.

"Try using your wrist a bit more."  The boy tried a couple of firmer
strokes, then ran his hand down Copper's back.

"It's ok, you can touch her anywhere you'd like."  At that, the boy 
ran his hand on down to her ass, reaching towards her snatch.  <Youth
have *no* subtlety> thought Copper, spreading her legs as his hand
reached between her cheeks.  He slid a couple of fingers into her
snatch, which was dripping, and felt around front to her tits with
his other hand.

"You could fuck her, if you'd like," suggested Copper's Master
casually, "..cunt or ass, its up to you."

"In the ass?  Really?  I've always wondered what that feels like." 

"Sure, slide a finger or two in her ass, you'll see."

The boy pulled his hand out of Copper's snatch and pushed two fingers
roughly into her ass.  Copper winced, then relaxed as he began to slide
his fingers in and out of her ass, well-lubricated with her juices.
The boy was definitely breathing harder.  He slid a third finger in 
with the first two and Copper moaned.

"She could probably take all four fingers, you know.  Why don't you
try?"

The boy was also becoming less shy, as he immediately slid his fourth
finger in with the others, and began rather forcefully fucking Copper's
ass, up to the knuckles and slightly beyond.  Copper moaned in pain;
the boy's hand was smaller than her Master's, but it was no child's
hand!  Her Master had never used anything larger than his dick on her.
This hurt, but, she told herself, she could handle it.

"I'm hurting her!" said the boy in alarm, stopping momentarily.

"Ah, but she likes to be hurt, remember.  As a matter of fact, she's
been so bad lately that she's earned five demerits.  At one demerit
per finger, you're still one finger short.  Have you ever had 'fisting'
described to you?  Care to try it on her?  Your hands aren't quite
as large as mine."

Copper listened in dread as her Master explained the mechanics of
fisting to the boy - how the fingers would naturally curl into a fist
as he slid his hand past the thumb, the importance of not scratching
her inside her anus, as she could easily be hurt.  The boy's hand
pushed at her asshole, insistent, and she went limp, striving to
relax, as he shoved his hand completely inside her.  It wasn't 
enough, and she screamed in pain as his hand curled into a fist.

"Hold still, I'm going to help her cope."  Copper felt her Master's
breath on her cheek, then his hand on her clit, rubbing gently.
Slowly she relaxed with increasing arousal, and moaned.

"Now start to fuck her with the fist, and we'll give her an amazing
orgasm."  The boy pumped his fist gently in her anus, and her Master
rubbed her clit more firmly, tapping the weights on the clamps to
set them swinging.

Transported by pain and pleasure, Copper came violently, completely out
of control.  Unprompted, the boy slid his hand out of Copper's ass, causing
her to cry out in pain again.

"That was neat.  Can I really fuck her?"

"Sure, as long as you wear a rubber - I have some, just in case.  Or,
if you'd like, she could give you a blow job.  Tell you what, if its
ok with you, you take one end and I'll take the other."

"That'd be great, but I definitely want to fuck her."

The boy pulled his shorts off, while her Master lowered Copper down onto
her hands and knees.  She felt the boy's hard prick pushing at her
sore asshole.

"You'll need some of this - condoms generally require it, you know,"
said Copper's Master, handing the boy a tube of lubricant.  Copper felt
her grip on reality slip again, as she was entered from both ends.
The boy, already excited, came quickly, as did Copper's Master, much
to her suprise.

"That really turned you, on, didn't it Master," asked Copper, lying
pleased, but limp, on the ground.

"Thank you, Copper," said the boy.  Much to her suprise, he then leaned
down over her and kissed her.  "Wow."  Shaking his head to himself in
wonder, the boy stood up, said "I've got to get going, but thanks again"
and headed off into the trees.

Copper's Master removed her cuffs, and delved into the picnic basket.
Holding out the red silk bag to her, he said "That's *three* cards
you may draw - pretty good."  She dug into the bag and removed three
cards.  <Let's see - hot damn, my bikini bottoms!  And my shorts, just
fucking great.  And... my headband?  That'll teach me not to wear my
hair down!>

 ********

Back in the boat, Copper contemplated her general state of exhaustion,
and deficit in clothing.  Her Master had not mentioned further 
opportunities to earn clothing to her, and she knew better than to ask.
She was reasonably sure that he was no more eager to have her walk
topless into his parent's house than she was, but she wasn't 
particularly horny at this point.  Therefore, his continuing silence
during the sail back elicited mixed emotions in her.

Just as the outer buoys came into sight, he handed her a winch handle.

"Care to try for some more clothing?  You'd best be quick, too.  I'll
be annoyed if we're the talk of my folks set because you were playing
with yourself in public.  Stand in the middle of the cockpit, and
fuck yourself.  Be sure to insert it to its maximum fullness before
you come."

The winch handle was of the more expensive kind: the shaft meant to 
be inserted in the winch was sandard, but the handle was sculpted to
feel comfortable to the hand - a rather large man's hand.  All in all,
it looked not unlike a butt plug.  A large butt plug.

"May I have some lube, Master?"

"You're wasting time, Copper... the buoys are getting closer."

Copper coated the handle with spit, stood in front of her Master
and began to insert it, playing with her clit and grinding her hips
a bit.  He reached out and tightened the clamps a bit, then pulled on
the weights.  She gasped and increased her rythm, plunging the handle
farther and deeper into her cunt.

"Don't come until it's all the way in, bitch," said her Master, pulling
hard on the weights.

Just as the reached the outer buoys, Copper shoved the handle deep
inside her, pushing her over the edge.  As she started coming down
off her climax, her Master tore the clamps off both nipples, causing
to come again, crying out her pleasure.  She collapsed to the bottom
of the cockpit, head hanging in exhaustion.

"Master?"

"What is it, Copper?"

"Is that one or two cards?"

"Pull one, then I'll decide."  He offered her the bag.  She withdrew a
card and looked.  Her t-shirt.

"Put it on, then I'll decide."  She went below, and returned with the
t-shirt on <nothing else yet, Copper was too well trained to make such
an elementary mistake>.  The arms and midriff had been cut off the 
t-shirt, and her breasts were so full that the bottoms just showed below
the ragged edge of the shirt.  When she lifted her hands above her head,
then the breasts showed to the nipple.

"I think that is sufficient.  If you want more clothing, you'll have 
to come again.  I'm quite satisfied, and there doesn't seem to be a
convenient lovely young thing hanging around.  Also, you'd have to be
naked until you finished coming, and it'd have to be out here, so I
could see.  Still, it's up to you."

Copper looked at him and smiled.  "I think I'll just cross my hands
in front of my stomach and run upstairs when we get home."
