                       A Sailor Who Knows the Ropes
                           by Lance Kester

        (This story is based on a true experience, but it happened
         before there was a national and personal concern for Safe
         Sex.  Enjoy the story, but when you play with someone else,
         be sure to play safe and use a condom.)


        I was with a historical society tour group in Williamsburg, the
colonial capital of Virginia.  The roommate they gave me was an older,
uninteresting man whom I escaped at every opportunity.  We were staying in a
national motel chain that had the liveliest bar in that sleepy seventeenth
century town.
        I went to the bar and drank and played a video game.  I had long since
discovered that the best contacts are made at video games.  They seem a
perfect means of meeting a young person and beginning a conversation that may
end in bed.
        I hadn't been at the game long when a very attractive man in his early
twenties joined me.  The muscular bulges in his undersized tee shirt gave away
what he was quick to tell, namely that he lifted weights.  He was a sailor
stationed in Norfolk but was getting away from that sailor city for the
evening.
        He seemed inclined to stay and talk with me, but I couldn't believe he
had any idea how physically attracted I was to him, and I couldn't even hope
he was responsive to my interest.  Apparently, he realized my predicament, for
he began to tell me of an older man he frequently visited in Norfolk.  He said
would cut his grass and do other odd jobs for him.
        Now we both seemed on the right track, but I still couldn't believe
this beautiful piece of manhood was interested in something sexual with me.
However, I told him that I had a job he could do for me.  Would he mind
helping me move something on the tour bus?  He said he would be glad to help.
Since I was sharing my motel room, the bus was going to serve as my place of
conquest.  I told the sailor to wait while I hurried to the tour guide's room
and obtained the bus key, making some feeble excuse for needing it.
        Once on the bus I got the sailor to move a suit case to the back.  As
he was returning down the aisle, I asked to see his muscles.  Many young men
are so proud of their bodies that they will strip and show everything above
their waist.  Then, with any luck, you may be able to get them to continue
stripping and show you everything below their waist.  So it was with this
sailor.
        He quickly stripped off his tee shirt and one glance at that hard body
caused my knees to weaken.  It was a struggle to stay standing.  Nature seems
to encourage cocksucking by weakening a man's knees and causing them to bend
before another man.  I asked to feel his muscles which he reluctantly allowed,
but I could tell it was a practiced reluctancy.  Un-reluctantly, I ran my
hands over his arm muscles and hard chest.  The darkness of the bus hid my
flush face and the rising bulge in my pants.
        I inquired if he had well developed leg muscles.  He said no, but I
checked them out anyway.  My knees could take it no longer, and I knelt in
front of him and rubbed my hands first around his calves and then up his
thighs.  We had passed the point of no return.
        "How big is this muscle here," I asked putting my hand on his crotch
where he also had a hardening bulge.  In seconds his pants were down and
unceremoniously I slurped up his six inches of dick.  What a body!  What a
dick!  What a cocksucker's dream!  I was giddy.
        After a few minutes of cock paradise, I withdrew his dick from my
mouth and told him to turn around.  He wanted to know why, and I told him I
wanted to see his ass.  Again he wanted to know why, and I told him I wanted
to kiss it.  He turned around reluctantly, but by now I was used to his
reluctancy and began to wonder how much that older man in Norfolk had taught
him and what else this well built sailor would do reluctantly.
        What a gorgeous ass he had!  A good looking ass is a real turn on, and
his was a beauty.  This was the first time I had gone for an ass cold turkey,
so to speak.  I usually check them out for suitability while I'm sucking the
balls.  However, this sailor had me so hot, I was going to eat his ass if I
had to clean it up first.
        It turned out his ass was as sweet as his dick.  I gave it a good
tonguing until he stopped me and told me to put a finger in him.  This I did
quickly and he obviously enjoyed it.  After a while he told me the older man
would tie him up.  Unfortunately we hadn't the equipment to play that little
game.  I was blissfully sucking his dick and fingering his asshole when he
pulled his dick out of my mouth.  He turned around and told me to finger his
asshole hard.  I did so for a few minutes and then he told me to put the big
one in him.  At first I thought he meant my big finger, and I started to put
my thumb in his asshole, but he said he meant the big one.
        Incredible as it was, he actually wanted me to fuck him.  The thought
of it made me feel faint, but I recovered quickly and lubricated my dick for
that most delightful of all plunges -up another man's ass.  And what an ass on
what a man!  When I pressed my hard dick against that gorgeous butt, I was
shaking as if it were the first time.
        For the next hour we fucked and sucked all over that bus.  We tried it
from every angle and position.  What a sight to witness -my hard dick slipping
in and out of the ass of a weight-lifter's body, watching his hard muscles
tighten and twitch as I shoved my long dick into him.  What a feeling to see
the immediate effects my dick was having on that hard body.  It was as if his
body muscles needed my dick in his ass to make them more taunt.  With every
thrust I gave him, his body seem to grow harder and stronger.  He needed this
fucking and, I was obliging his need and enjoying servicing his body with my
dick.
        In time he began to moan and groan as pleasure and pain became one.
He shot his cum wildly and uncontrollably, and I came right behind him, or
rather right in his behind.
        When we were finished, he asked for ten dollars for cab fare back to
the base.  It wasn't a hustle, just a request which I was more than willing to
honor.
        After that night, Williamsburg never seemed quite the same, and for
the next year I carried rope everywhere I went hoping to find a weight lifter
who wanted to be tied up.

The End
