Archive-name: 3plus/sales.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Typical Sales Call, A


   As  a  salesman  for  a  national  distributor  of  PC-products I travel
   constantly and have many opportunities for a little romance.  More often
   than not  a days  worth of  sales calls  is little  more than a constant
   tease with the gorgeous  woman I find at  many of my favorite  accounts.
   Even on the occasional night out with the dealer little more than verbal
   foreplay is the result.

   All this changed during the previous month however...

   As  part  the  normal  sales  protocol  I  had setup an evening training
   session and general get together to celebrate the close of the year  and
   Christmas.  The training went well  and everyone consumed a fair  amount
   liquor as the night went on.   When the training came to an  end however
   the store owners  left and told  the staff to  lock up after  things got
   picked up.  A few minutes later,  not wanting to do any cleaning  two of
   the salesman left which left me  alone to help clean with Cindy,  Cathy,
   and Peggy.

   Cindy is 5'5" brunette with a nice figure and gorgeous sexy face;  Cathy
   is the athlete of the group - measuring by my guess a generous  37-24-36
   with short blond hair and a  little girl innocence about her.  Peggy  is
   the biggest tease, she measures about 36-23-36 and although she  appears
   shy and proper most of the time - she loves to flirt.

   While Cindy and Cathy dug right into cleaning I sat down behind the desk
   of the owner and Peggy sat at her desk across the way - I closed my eyes
   for a few minutes and then opened them and decided I better go help.  At
   that time I noticed Peggy sitting back in her chair with her eyes closed
   and one foot raised onto a pulled out drawer of her desk.  I could  then
   see her right hand tracing  lightly over the white panties  that covered
   her cunt.  I decided to lean  back and pretend my eyes were  closed just
   to see what would happen.

   Peggy continued to let her fingers  play over panties until a small  wet
   spot became  very obvious,  then she  raised her  fingers slid them down
   under the panties.  Her middle finger went all the way down to were  her
   ass meet the cushioned chair and  then glided up until it was  buried in
   the lips of her cunt - sliding back and forth gently lubricating  itself
   in the wetness.  Then her hand moved up - stopped and circled her  clit.
   By now her breathing had quickened.

   Suddenly Cindy who been cleaning the  back room came in and looked  over
   at Peggy for a moment and the looked at me.  Apparently satisfied that I
   was sound asleep Cindy moved closer to Peggy, carefully getting down  on
   her  knees  just  a  few  feet  in  front of Peggy's spread legs.  Cindy
   watched as  Peggy moved  her left  hand softly  over the  contour of her
   right breast has her right hand  continued to caress the moist folds  of
   her cunt.  Cindy then reached up  and softly began to squeeze and  press
   both her own  tits as she  sat on her  knees staring at  Peggy beginning
   squirm in  her chair.   Cindy then  unbuckled her  pants and slipped her
   right hand down to her own cunt.  She quickly glanced over at me to make
   sure I was still sleeping and then proceeded to close her eyes and enjoy
   her own pleasure as her fingers found her wet clit.

   Realizing that the desk I sat at had a front panel I slowly slid my  own
   hand down to rub my cock as it ached for relief.

   As Peggy became more  and more frantic she  suddenly opened her eyes  to
   see Cindy  kneeling in  front of  her lost  in her  own world  of bliss.
   Peggy turned to the side and saw that I was fast asleep and then reached
   out to Cindy's  face.  Startled, Cindy  looked at Peggy,  stood and then
   walked around the  desk to Peggy's  waiting arms.  Peggy  gently slipped
   her hands around Cindy and asked if everyone had left; Cindy nodded  and
   motioned to  me assuming  I was  sound asleep.   Peggy then proceeded to
   pull Cindy's pants and panties in one motion and then moved her hands up
   to caress Cindy's breasts as Cindy stepped out of her pants.  Taking off
   Cindy's blouse  and bra  Peggy took  each breast  in her  hand she  then
   sucked the nipple of each tit in turn.

   Unable to stand any more and because of the direction they know faced  I
   quietly moved into the other room to stroke my cock as I watched from  a
   better angle.  As I went into the other room unbuckling my pants I found
   a chair from which  I could look through  a door and see  everything.  I
   sat  down  and  proceeded  to  slowly  stroke  my  cock as Cindy was now
   kneeling between Peggy's legs and gently licking her cunt.  Peggy moaned
   softly and was firmly squeezing  her own nipples as Cindy  slowly licked
   the pink moistness of Peggy's cunt.

   Just then I heard the bathroom door and saw Cathy walking towards me.  I
   hid behind  some boxes  and watched  as she  walked towards  my location
   obviously a little tipsy.  As she approached the door she staggered  and
   grabbed the door frame  for support, waiting for  her head to clear  she
   looked out saw Peggy groaning and twisting as she climaxed.  Not  moving
   Cathy stood dazed  and watched as  Peggy knelt on  the floor and  hugged
   Cindy.  Peggy then bent over and began sucking on Cindy's right  nipple.
   while her right hand  traveled up Cindy's leg  and played with the  soft
   curls of her cunt.

   At this  time Cathy  became aware  that someone  else was near her...she
   whispered  who's  there?   She  then  looked  back  to see Peggy licking
   Cindy's cunt;  I took  that opportunity  slip behind  Cathy and  quickly
   covered her mouth before she could  scream, she turned and looked at  me
   and my throbbing ten inch cock  as it twitched and dripped against  her.
   I removed my hand from her  mouth and holding both her shoulders  turned
   her  to  again  look  out  the  door.   Both  Peggy  and  Cindy were now
   completely naked.  Cindy, lying on her back caressed her own breasts  as
   Peggy  knelt  over  her  cunt  licking  and probing with her fingers.  I
   reached around held  both of Cathy's  gorgeous breast and  massaged them
   without protest.  We both watched as Peggy inserted one then two fingers
   into Cindy's cunt and slowly pumped them in and out.

   I then  slipped my  hands under  Cathy's sweater  and cupped her breasts
   quickly moving to unsnap her bra and release her beautiful globes.  Once
   done the sweater and bra were removed and I now squeezed and twisted the
   nipples that were as hard as  small rocks.  Cathy reached back and  very
   gently  caressed  the  full  length  of  my  shaft.  We watched as Peggy
   reached  into  her  desk  and  removed  a  screw driver with large thick
   handle.  Peggy placed the ribbed plastic handle of the screw driver into
   her mouth and  when fulled moistened  proceeded to rub  the large handle
   through the crevice of Cindy's cunt.  Cindy moaned and twisted as  Peggy
   gently pushed the handle further into her dripping wet hole.  I had  now
   unbuckled Cathy's pants and slid them down to the floor, she steeped out
   of them as I reached around began to caress her soft wet cunt.  I  found
   her protruding clit and circled it  as she for the first time  broke her
   silence with a low deep moan.  Unable to stand any more Cathy turned and
   while holding my cock with both hands gently began licking the underside
   of my shaft.  She then took the whole shaft in and slowly pumped as  one
   hand gently  caressed my  balls and  the moistened  middle finger of her
   other hand pushed up my ass.   Reaching out, I held her head  and guided
   her strokes until I was about to  come.  I pulled her head away and  she
   looked up  and placed  by cock  between her  tits and  then holding  her
   breasts she moved up and down the long shaft of my cock.

   As I looked into  the other room Peggy  was licking Cindy's clit  as she
   plunged  the  screw  driver  handle  in  and  out of her cunt, Cindy was
   twisting and moaning "don't stop, fuck me, fuck me,".  I grabbed Cathy's
   shoulders and turned her around  so she could watch as  Cindy approached
   her climax.   Then reaching  around I  cupped Cathy's  left breast,  she
   reached between her legs  as she knelt in  front of me and  began to rub
   her own clit.  Her gorgeous round ass begged to be fucked, the crack  of
   her cunt protruding with the wet folds of her soft cunt hair split open,
   inflamed and pouting forward.  She grabbed my cock and rubbed it up  and
   down her wet crack and then positioned the head of my cock at her  tight
   hole  and  I  gently  pushed  forward.   Inch  by inch I pushed forward,
   holding her round firm hips I  backed out and then again pushed  forward
   until my cock was buried all the way in her cunt.

   We then looked in  to see Cindy arching  her back as Peggy  continued to
   pump the screw driver handle in  and out and lick Cindy's swollen  clit.
   Cindy  with  her  teeth  clenched  groaned  and  strained  as her climax
   overcame her.

   Cathy watching this started to moan and began telling me to fuck her wet
   cunt.  "Fuck me, fuck me with that big cock" she repeated.  Oblivious to
   all else I began a slow steady pace, pulling almost all the way out  and
   then firmly pushing all the way in.   I held her hips and let the  thumb
   of my right hand  slowly enter Cathy's tight  ass hole - she  moaned "oh
   yes, yes, don't stop".  Cathy then  grabbed her left tit with her  right
   hand and began furiously pulling and squeezing telling she was going  to
   come.  I now pumped  faster and faster and  felt my own climax  building
   deep  in  my  balls.   Cathy  then  placed  her hand into her crotch and
   started rubbing her clit - that did it, she groaned and yelled out "fuck
   me, fuck me, I'm coming".  I could stand no more, I pumped in out like a
   machine  and  let  go  of  all  control,  I grabbed her hips pulled as I
   slammed in and out  and then slammed forward  exploding with a flood  of
   come into her cunt.

   Cathy fell forward and  I followed laying upon  her back, my cock  still
   buried in  her pulsing  cunt.  She  turned to  her side  and I  followed
   curing around her hips  my cock now resting  in the crack of  her thighs
   and ass.

   After a few minutes I glanced  over her shoulder and saw that  Cindy and
   Peggy were gone, I looked around and saw Cindy and Peggy standing in the
   corner caressing  each other  and smiling  at scene  they had  obviously
   watched.  Cathy looked up and quickly  tried to get up but Cindy  rushed
   over and placed  her hands on  Cathy's shoulder and  told her everything
   was OK.  Peggy followed  and kneeled behind me,  she then bent over  and
   kissed me and then Cathy.  I then slowly cupped Cathy's right breast and
   squeezed gently, Cindy reached over  Cathy and placed Cathy's nipple  in
   her mouth and  began to suck  and lick it.   Peggy then reached  between
   Cathy and me and found  my cock and pulled me  around until I was on  my
   back.  She  stared at  my cock  as she  gently stroked  it up  and down.
   Cindy now lay down  along side Cathy and  began sucking her left  nipple
   and caressed the soft in thighs of Cathy . Peggy moved her soft  pouting
   lips to my rock  hard shaft and began  a slow in and  out motion letting
   her wet mouth lubricate the shaft.

   Cindy was now sliding her middle finger through the wet folds of Cathy's
   swollen  cunt  lips.   Cathy  moaned  softly as Cindy's slippery fingers
   circled her clit.  Cathy began to  squeeze Cindy's tits and then took  a
   nipple into her mouth and began  to suck.  Cindy began to move  her head
   down but Cathy stopped her said  "no, I can't, I've never" Cindy  paused
   and kissed and licked her tummy and licked her way down between  Cathy's
   thighs without further protest.  Her tongue traced around the outer lips
   of  Cathy's  cunt  and  then  slowly  entered the inner folds as Cindy's
   fingers spread  Cathy's cunt  lips.  Cindy  then moved  until her  knees
   straddled Cathy's face and slowly she lowered brown haired box to within
   inches of Cathy's mouth while she continued licking and probing  Cathy's
   cunt.

   Peggy, seeing this moved herself over  me and I quickly pulled her  hips
   down and buried my  tongue in her hole.   I licked and then  inserted my
   finger up her cunt and slowly moved it in and around.  Cathy seeing this
   and with her  own lust growing  pulled Cindy's hips  down began licking.
   Cindy paused and began breathing harder, she sat up and began to  caress
   her own breasts.

   Peggy continued stroking my cock with her mouth and then gradually moved
   further away until she had positioned her cunt over my cock while on her
   hands and knees.  She turned her head to look back at me and then closed
   her eyes  and moved  her right  hand between  her legs  slid her  middle
   finger slowly through the moist folds of her cunt.  The wet blonde  hair
   glistened as her lips pouted out and her finger slid between them.   She
   paused  and  then  pushed  the  finger  deep  into her box, gasping with
   pleasure.

   Peggy asked if I wanted her, she  told me to tell her what I  wanted.  I
   told her my cock ached to feel her hot cunt sliding up and down it.  She
   then lowered her cunt  to my stiff pole  and grabbing my cock  moved the
   head back and forth  in her crack until  finally she began to  force the
   head in and then  out again until finally  my entire throbbing cock  was
   buried to  the hilt.   She then  moved her  right hand  to her  clit and
   without moving up and down began to rub her clit; her cunt convulsed and
   quivered around my cock until I thought I would come.

   Cindy was  now licking  Cathy's box  and fingering  her ass  while Cathy
   continued to  suck Cindy's  clit.  Cindy  begged to  be fucked and Cathy
   plunged two fingers  in and out  of Cindy's cunt  as both girls  groaned
   that they were coming.   Cindy screamed and then  fell to the floor  and
   stared at Peggy as she fingered her clit.

   As Peggy approached her climax and  I couldn't stand the pulsing of  her
   cunt on my cock held prisoner.  I bucked underneath her and suddenly she
   groaned  out,  "Oh  fuck,  I'm  coming,  I'm coming", teeth clenched she
   raised her hips until only the head  of my cock was within her and  then
   slowly she  lowered herself.   Then she  began pumping  up and  down the
   entire length of  my cock faster  and faster.  Cindy  and Cathy climaxed
   and  Peggy  screamed  out  as  she  impaled  herself  on my cock as I to
   exploded inside her.

   After resting Cindy  came over to  me and said  she needed a  real cock.
   She then bent  down and began  stroking it with  her fingers.  She  bent
   over and  licked the  underside and  took the  my entire  shaft into her
   mouth and moistened it as she wrapped her tongue around the head.

   She reached for her purse and pulled out a tube of hand lotion and  then
   began squirting it  over my cock  she sliding her  fingers up and  down.
   Peggy also grabbed the lotion and spread it over Cathy's large tits  and
   began  slowly  massaging  Cathy.   Cathy's  hips  began to move as Peggy
   pulled and  twisted on  Cathy's pointed  nipples.  I  reached out pulled
   Cathy's thighs closer to me and began to finger her fleshy cunt lips  as
   Cindy continued to stroke  my cock.  Cindy then  moved on top of  me and
   straddled my  hips.  She  reached behind  her and  held my  cock at  the
   entrance of her wet hole.  Slowly she worked the full length of me  into
   her tight hole and then began to caress her breasts.

   Peggy now pulled Cathy  up and told her  to straddle my face  and let me
   lick her cunt.  Cathy hesitated and then knelt over my face and  lowered
   herself to my  eager tongue as  I held her  firm round hips.   Her blond
   haired cunt was soaked and lips pouting.  As her lips were pulled  apart
   her hooded clit was fully exposed  and caused her to quiver and  moan as
   my tongue began to circle it.

   Peggy now moved over to Cindy and with her left hand she began to finger
   Cindy's clit and with her right hand she inserted a finger into  Cindy's
   ass and began move it in and out.  Cindy groaned and shook with pleasure
   as she continued to  ride my cock as  she quickly reached a  her climax.
   Cindy then slowed herself and began a slow grinding motion on my cock.

   Peggy then stood over my chest facing Cathy and held Cathy's head to her
   cunt  -  Cathy  quickly  inserted  her  tongue and Peggy began to breath
   harder.   Cindy  reached  out  and  caressed  Peggy's round ass the then
   joined Cathy's tongue by inserting her fingers into Peggy's cunt as  she
   tongue fucked Peggy's anus Cathy continued to lick.  I continued to lick
   Cathy as Cindy rode my cock and fingered Peggy's cunt.

   Cindy then got off my cock  and stood by Peggy's side, she  inserted two
   fingers of one hand into Peggy's cunt and a finger of her other into her
   ass.   Cathy  now  squeezed  her  own  nipples  and  concentrated on the
   pleasures of my tongue.  Cindy's  mouth found Peggy's nipples and  began
   suck and bite, Peggy began to tremble and had trouble standing as  Cindy
   continued to finger her cunt and ass at the same time directly over me.

   Cindy then lowered Peggy to straddle  my hips and while holding my  cock
   at Peggy's cunt she forced her onto my big cock.  Peggy placed both  her
   hands on my  chest and began  to move her  hips up and  down, sliding my
   cock out to  its head and  then in again.   Cindy went behind  Cathy and
   kneeling  over  my  face  she  cupped  Cathy's  breasts and fingered the
   nipples.   Cindy's  squirmed  as  she  tried  to relieve her sex against
   Cathy's round ass,  Cathy turned to  face Cindy, I  could now lick  both
   cunts as they rubbed each other over my mouth.


   I licked Cindy first and then  Cathy, my tongue sliding between the  wet
   folds of her cunt.  I then  reached up and placed my thumb  into Cindy's
   cunt as she pressed against the Cathy's blonde bush.  Cindy squirmed and
   then I  inserted my  middle finger  into Cathy's  cunt.  Both girls were
   being  fingered  with  the  same  hand.   They squirmed and grabbed each
   others breasts, twisting the nipples  as they pumped against each  other
   and my fingers.

   Peggy used her right hand to  finger her clit as her climax  approached.
   She pumped  faster and  harder on  cock as  she watched  Cindy and Cathy
   climax in  each others  arms as  my fingers  worked inside  their cunts.
   They strained and grunted and lay down beside us in bliss watching Peggy
   impale herself on my cock as it let loose a stream of cum inside her.

   We all collapsed into each other arms and slept for several hours,  when
   we woke it was  about 2:00 AM and  we decided the night  was still young
   but thought we'd eat something rest for a little bit.  Cathy had put her
   skimpy  white  silk  bra  and  panties  back  on,  they  accentuated her
   beautiful round  ass while  her bra  barely contained  her full breasts.
   Peggy put on just her silk slip and nothing on else allowing her ass  to
   barely show as she moved around.   Cindy slipped on only her silk  white
   panties that showed off her the curve of her hips.  I sat back on an old
   couch and enjoyed the watching these three get some food out and  finish
   picking up.  Occasionally each girl would stop and kiss each other, slid
   a finger through their  cunt or even stop  to stroke my cock  and let me
   slid a finger through their moist cunts.

   After a few minutes the microwave in  the back ad been put to good  use,
   the girls had re-heated the brats  we had earlier and made some  coffee.
   They also had some chicken tenders left over from lunch and a variety of
   sauces for dip.

   We all sat down, myself and Cindy  on the old couch, Peggy in a  big old
   chair and Cathy sat on the floor  between us.  Peggy put on a radio  and
   we  talked  for  some  time  about  anything  related  to  sex.  We each
   discussed our most outrageous encounter, as the conversation went on  we
   got more and more explicit in  telling the details.  As we continued  to
   talk Peggy's  hand would  sometimes slip  into her  wet slit  and gently
   caress her clit and  then stop and just  light cover her breast.   Cathy
   occasionally rubbed her  breast through her  white silk bra  that barely
   held her full breasts.  She sat  facing the couch and a small  damp spot
   between her thighs became  visible as she sat  with her knees up  facing
   us.

   As we  sat eating  and talking  a cat  they call  max jumped up onto the
   couch next to Cindy.  Cindy sat with her legs slightly spread facing  me
   on the couch and  picked up max and  held him against to  her chest.  As
   Cindy was dipping a chicken tender  into the honey a drop fell  onto her
   left nipple  and max  the kitten  quickly licked  it off  sending chills
   through Cindy as we all watched in amazement as the kitten continued  to
   lick Cindy's  nipple.  Cindy  now dipped  her finger  into the honey and
   dabbed more  onto both  nipples as  the kitten  continued to lick, Cindy
   closed her eyes and began breathing harder.

   My cock had turned  hard as a rock  and Peggy's hand was  softly rubbing
   her cunt.  Cathy was now  rubbing both breasts and occasionally  reached
   into her panties to rub her cunt.  Cindy then pushed the cat down as she
   rubbed her honey  coated finger on  her clit and  through the wet  flesh
   around it.  The kitten buried it's face into Cindy's brown patch as  she
   spread her thighs and  we watched the kitten  lick her clit.  Cindy  was
   breathing quite hard  saying "oh fuck,  it feels so  good".  I began  to
   stroke my  cock slowly  as I  watched the  crazy scene.   Cathy now  had
   removed her  bra and  was holding  her breast  to her  own mouth  as she
   sucked on her own nipples.  Peggy had pulled her breast out and over the
   edge of her slip, she sat with one foot over an arm caressing her cunt.

   Next  Cathy  got  up  and  reached  into  the bowl of steaming brats and
   grabbed one and put it into her mouth as her other hand played with  her
   cunt.  She  then went  over to  Peggy's chair  and began licking Peggy's
   cunt and then slowly slipped the steaming brat into Peggy's hole.  Peggy
   gasped as the hot sausage entered her, Cathy licked Peggy's clit as  she
   worked the sausage in and then slowly out.

   By now Cindy was frantic from the kitten licking her honey coated  clit,
   I pushed the cat  aside and eagerly licked  her honey hole.  She  yelled
   that she  wanted to  be fucked,  I turned  her around,  her face  in the
   pillows, her ass in the air and told her watch Peggy get fucked.  I told
   her to tell me what she wanted, she begged for my cock as I watched  her
   fingers slid in and out of her hole.  I then placed the head of my  cock
   at her hole and eased it in  as she gasped from the pleasure.  I  pumped
   her slowly  as I  watched Cathy  slide the  sausage in  and out of Peggy
   until she came.   Cindy was close  to coming and  she began rubbing  her
   clit with her right hand faster and gasped as she came clenching my cock
   with her cunt as the spasms in her cunt subsided.

   I  pulled  out  and  then  got  on  the  floor  behind  Cathy, Cindy got
   underneath Cathy and placed a cushion so that she could lick at  Cathy's
   cunt.  Cindy grabbed  my cock and  rubbed it up  and down Cathy's  crack
   asking Cathy if she  wanted to fucked with  this big cock, Cathy  begged
   for me to  shove it in,  Cindy the held  the head to  Cathy's hole as  I
   eased it in, Cathy groaned as my cock filled her and Cindy continued  to
   lick her clit  and finger my  balls.  Her round  ass stuck out  as Peggy
   then got  off the  chair and  lay down  underneath Cathy's  full swaying
   breasts.  She caressed  and squeezed as  they hung down  to Peggy's lips
   she then sucked each nipple as  Cathy rested on her elbows with  her ass
   sticking up and my hands firmly  holding her hips as I fucked  her cunt.
   Cindy continued to lick  Cathy's clit and my  balls as Cathy moaned  and
   begged us not to stop.

   Peggy continued to fondle Cathy's huge tits as they hung down and  Cindy
   continued to lick Cathy's clit as she fingered my cock as it slid in and
   out of Cathy's tight wet cunt.   The sight of Cathy's round ass  and her
   beautiful tits made my  cock harder than ever.   Slowly I pulled out  of
   Cathy's cunt  as she  panted "oh  God, don't  stop, fuck  me, fuck  me."
   Cindy watched from below as placed the head of my throbbing shaft at the
   entrance to  her virgin  ass.  I  grabbed some  of the  lotion that  was
   nearby and squirted a bunch all  over Cathy's ass hole and then  slid my
   finger in  and out  and slowly  worked it  back and  worth.  Her ass was
   tight  and  my  finger  could  barely  move in and out.  Cindy continued
   licking her cunt and then inserted a finger into Cathy's cunt using  her
   thumb  to  rub  the  clit  directly.   Cathy couldn't stand any more she
   begged me to fuck her ass, "please fuck my ass, please stick it in  me",
   she said.  I put on more lotion  and then eased the just the head  of my
   cock into her puckered  hole.  The lotion allowed  it to slip in  but it
   was so tight that griped the head like a vise.  I held Cathy's hips  and
   slowly pushed in a  little and then out.   Cathy was beginning to  relax
   and I slowly pushed the entire length into her ass.  My balls rested  in
   the crack  between her  thighs.  Cathy  then began  to fuck  my cock  my
   moving forward,  her breathing  coming in  gasps.  I  held her  hips and
   slowly  pulled  out  and  then  stroked  in.  Cathy gasped as her climax
   approached she moaned, "oh god  I'm coming, please don't stop,  fuck me,
   fuck me harder".  I felt my balls tighten as her tight ass hole  gripped
   my cock and I exploded into her  as gritted her teeth as groaned as  her
   climax  hit  her.   Cindy  and  Peggy  moved  to our side and Cathy fell
   forward with my  cock still buried  deep in her  ass, her round  ass and
   tight thighs holding me firm.


   We then rested and made our plans for reunion in the near future...

   Stay tuned for more adventures in selling!
--
