Archive-name: Bondage/sallysb.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Sally - Self-bondage


This is a self-bondage fantasy and is my first attempt at writing any
type of fiction - let alone bondage fiction.  If anyone finds this
enjoyable to read, or has suggestions - particularly in the area of
self-bondage, please respond and let me know.  Helpful hints are always
appreciated.
Sorry, I am not into whippings, lashings, enemas, or any type of
severe S&M - my interests are only in the pleasure the bindee can get
from the art of good bondage.

For anyone who cares to pass along hints, both in the way of scenarios
and bondage tips - particularly self-bondage tips if you have any - just
download an ASCII text file to this BBS titled "BIND1.TXT" or something
similar - just start with BIND so I know I should look at it.

Enjoy!




"Mmmpppfff !" was the only sound Sally could make as she strained to 
move another few inches across the rug.  The way her mouth was gagged 
prevented her from saying anything other than some very muffled grunts.  
She was sweating quite a bit now - after all, she had been in this 
predicament for a little better than two hours now, and she still had a good 
way to go before she could reach the kitchen and her escape knife.  She 
stopped to give her aching muscles a rest and to give her raw feeling skin a 
respite from the carpet.

Sally had been eagerly anticipating this day for over a week.  She actually 
had a Saturday all to herself, and had laid careful plans to make good use of
it.  She had been "into" self-bondage for better a year now, but this was the
first time she had really put herself in a bondage that she felt it would be 
very difficult to get out of. Most of the time,she just simply tied her ankles
and knees with a couple of pieces of nylon rope, taped her mouth with some 
sticky duct tape, put a vibrator between her legs, then tied her hands behind
her back with some more of the nylon rope.  The vibrator would do it's thing,
and after about 15 minutes, she would undo the knots on her wrist ropes 
immediately after she had come.  She had gotten quite good at tying her 
hands rather tightly behind her, but the nylon rope didn't knot up too tightly
for her to undo it after a few minutes of picking at the knots.  She always 
kept a sharp steak knife handy - one with a serrated blade that would saw 
through rope easily - a few feet away from her on the bed.

Today, though, things were considerably different.  She had been in New 
York City last month on a business trip and had stopped in an "Adult" 
bookstore while seeing the sights in Times Square.  She had led a fairly 
sedate life in the small town she had her law practice in, considering her 
fantasies of being tied up, and occasionally tying herself, an "unusual" but 
really harmless vice she chose to indulge in.  Most men seemed to care little
for what she wanted out of sex - never actually satisfying the way her 
orgasms felt when she was tied.  So she dated occasionally, but depended 
on herself to satisfy her needs.  The bookstore she stopped in seemed to be 
dedicated almost totally to bondage.  She had never dreamed she would see 
so many magazines showing heavily bound women, and they actually had 
displays of gags, handcuffs, etc.  She almost bought one of the ball gags - it
looked really sexy to her - but the outrageous price stopped her.  She did 
pick up several of the magazines though, and had read them from cover to 
cover, imagining herself the woman in every picture.  She had determined 
that she would figure out a way that she could tie herself like the women she
saw in the pictures.  The magazines had several letters from readers in 
them, and several of them were from people, like her, that enjoyed tying 
themselves up.  She read the descriptions of what they had done with great 
interest, and make up her mind she would try to REALLY tie herself the next 
time she got a good chance.

She had woken up early this morning, excited at the prospect of being tied 
for a long time, in much stricter bondage than she had ever used before.  
She quickly made some coffee, and got out her box from the closet.  The 
box had her rope, tape, and vibrators in it.  She had added a few purchases 
this week though.  She already had a six-inch vibrating dildo that she had 
gotten a year ago - this was the one she had used on herself in the past.  It
had two new partners now.  One was a five-inch long, really smooth dildo, 
and the other was a quite thick, ten-inch long dildo.  She put new alkaline 
batteries in all the dildoes' battery packs, turning each one on to test it.
She took off her nightgown, smiling at what her staid law firm would think if
they saw her parading around her apartment in the nude.  She was actually 
a little surprised at herself -she was usually the type that would immediately
cover herself with a towel getting out of the shower even though she lived by
herself.  She got out her escape knife, and took it to the kitchen, passing 
through her dining room and living room to do so.  This way, her knife was 
three rooms away from her.

Returning to her bedroom, she put her box of ropes on the edge of the foot 
of the bed, and began taking out coils of rope.  She had quite bit more rope 
now - she had bought LOTS more of the nylon rope, and had bought several 
packages of cotton clothesline to add to that.  She had cut the rope up into 
varying lengths to use with the plan she had worked out for herself.  She had
never tied her breasts before, so she decided to start with that.  She passed
a length of the nylon rope around her and pulled it up over her breasts until
it was an inch above her tits. She then pulled it taut, wrapping the rest 
of the piece of rope around her until she had a band of rope snugly around 
her, filling in the area from the top of her breasts to the bottom of her 
armpits.  The band of rope felt good - it was hugging her nicely, and her 
breasts were pushed both up and out by the pressure of the ropes.  She put 
a similar band of rope around her from just below her breasts to about 
halfway down to her belly button.  She looked in the mirror, and smiled at the
sight of her two breasts sticking out from between the wide bands of white 
rope.  She got out two ten-foot long pieces of the cotton rope - the 
magazines said that it didn't slip as easily, and made tight knots - and then
put a cinch loop in of the free ends of both pieces of rope.  She put one of 
the cinch loops around the base of her left breast and pulled the loop tight 
until her breast bulged out like a balloon.  She then wrapped the rest of that
rope round and round the base of her breast, knotting it tight when she got to
the other end.  In another minute, her right breast was tied the same way.  
Although her breasts hurt some from the tight ropes, they looked fantastic in
the mirror - she now had a real set of what men would describe as "jugs".  
She had seen pictures of women tied like this in the magazines, and found 
that she now knew why - her nipples were jutting out like twin towers.  She 
had never seen, or felt, her nipples so aroused.  

She stood up and used a fairly long piece of rope to tie her waist snugly with
about ten loops of rope cinching in her waist.  She then tied one free end of
another ten-foot piece of cotton rope to the middle of the waist ropes behind
her.  She let it dangle down between her legs and got the new tube of KY-
Jelly out of the box.  She put a generous amount of it on her finger, and 
bending over, lubricated her asshole by sticking the finger all the way up in
it.  She repeated this three times until it felt like her ass was full 
off the stuff.  She put a thick coat of the jelly on the five-inch and six-
inch dildoes.  She took the five-inch dildo and slowly worked it into her ass.
It felt huge at first - she had never had anything up her ass before - but 
finally the whole length was in.  She could feel the head of it pressing up 
against the back of her vagina.  Holding it in her ass with her left hand, she
inserted the whole length of the six-inch dildo in her vagina.  Pressing them
both in with the fingers of one hand, she used the other hand to pull the rope
in between her legs, making sure it passed over the base of both of the 
dildoes, then poking it up and through the middle of her waist ropes in front.
She pulled it taut, then passed it in between her legs, cinching to the waist
ropes, ten times.  The dildoes were now TIED in her with enough tight rope 
so that there was no way they could work out of her filled vagina and 
penetrated ass.

She sat down on the edge of the bed and went to work on her legs next.  
She found it was harder to bend over to tie your ankles when both of your 
holes are full, but she got a good eight-inch band of rope tight around her 
ankles.  She used the last couple of feet of the rope to make cinch loops in 
between her ankles.  This made the ropes quite tight - she liked the feel of 
tightness.  Before she started to tie the rest of her legs, she tied a short 
piece of the cotton rope to the back of the cinch loops on her ankle ropes.  
She let the free end of this lay out to the side on the floor.  She then tied
wide bands of rope above and below her knees, pulling cinch loops through 
to tighten them like she done on her ankles.  She looped the free end of a 
real long piece of rope around her thighs, pulling tightly enough to sink the
rope in her thighs a little. Before she finished tying her thighs, she put the
big dildo in between her thighs, taking care that the head of the dildo was 
pushing into her clitoris.  Since the dildo was going to be tied there by her
thigh ropes, she made sure it would stay put.  The rest of the rope was then 
wrapped tightly around her thighs, locking the dildo into place.  Her legs had
never been so tightly tied before - she found she couldn't even wiggle them 
back and forth.  She almost came to the point of orgasm then - and she 
hadn't even turned on the vibrators in the dildoes yet!

Sally thought she had better take care of her gag next, since that couldn't be
done once she had tied her hands.  She folded up a washcloth so it made a 
wad about two inches thick and two inches wide.  This she then put in the 
middle of a scarf which was then folded over the wad several times to trap 
the wad in the middle of the scarf.  Sally knotted the scarf on both sides of
the wad so it would be impossible to move out of her mouth.  She opened 
her mouth wide and stuffed the wad all the way into her mouth.  It really 
packed her mouth completely so she had to shove it in hard to get the whole 
wad in.  Satisfied that her mouth was now quite thoroughly stuffed, she 
passed the free ends of the scarf around the back of her head, pulled them 
as tight as she could, and then knotted it with two really tight knots.  She 
decided to test her gag and yelled as loudly as she could, getting a 
thoroughly muffled "Mmmppfff" as the only sound that came out through her 
tightly packed mouth.  She loved the really helpless feeling that being well 
gagged gave her - she had always used tape before, but found that it was 
too easy to get off her mouth if she used her tongue to wet it.  And if she 
pulled the tape all the way round her head to prevent that, then she had to 
contend with the sticky mess getting it out of her hair.  This gag really 
gagged her and was quite impossible to get out without her hands free.  Her 
next move was to turn on the dildoes.  She turned on all three of them, 
putting them at medium speed, then shoved the battery packs underneath 
her thigh ropes so they would be totally out of reach.

Moving quickly now - the dildoes were almost putting her over the edge - she 
got out two last pieces of cotton rope, both about twelve feet long.  She tied
a slip loop in the free end of both pieces,making one of the loops larger than
the other.  She made sure she could reach both of the ropes from in back of 
her by putting one just in back of her left hip, with the other one in back of
the right hip.  She put her arms in back of her and slipped the large loop up
her arms until it was just above her elbows.  She then pulled the slack out of
the slip loop until her elbows were about three inches apart. She then 
wrapped most of the rest of the rope around her arms above her elbows until 
there was about three feet of the rope left.  She tossed the free end up and 
over her elbow loops, then repeated this twice more so that she now had 
three cinch loops over the elbow ropes.  She pulled the free end and yanked 
it several times until her elbows were now about an inch and a half apart 
behind her.  She tossed it over one more time, letting that loop hang loose 
enough that she was able to pass the free end through it.  This she then 
yanked tight.  The cotton rope took care of cinching that loop tight.  Sally 
then made two discoveries - the first was that her bound elbows made her 
breasts jut out even more, making her breast ropes quite a bit tighter.  Her 
second discovery was that there was no way she could reach the slip knot 
she had made - her elbows were now quite helplessly tied.  She knew that if 
she tied her wrists now, there would be no escape until she got to the kitchen
and the knife.

She had waited too long for this to stop now, so she pulled the slip loop from
the last piece of rope over her wrists, then pulled the slip loop tight.  She
quickly used her fingers to loop the rest of the rope around her wrists.  She
had found that if she made a loop over the top of one wrist, then under the 
other wrist - making kind of an "X" of ropes in between her wrists - that she
could tie her wrists together quite nicely.  Once she got to about two feet of
rope left, she passed the free end in between her wrists, then over the ropes.
She repeated this five times, pulling out all of the slack each time.  She 
made another loop over her wrist ropes, leaving slack so she could pull the 
free end through.  This was then yanked tight, locking the cotton rope into an
non-slipping cinch loop.  She repeated this twice more, knowing that her 
wrists were now tied, cinched, and quite impossible to get loose without a 
knife.  Sally knew that she was now quite thoroughly tied up, with no way out
other than cutting herself loose.  She hesitated a moment, then thought 
"What the hell - this is what I have been wanting and dreaming about - go 
ahead and finish it!"

She turned sideways on the edge of the bed and lowered herself carefully so 
that her legs were now bent beneath her.  She fumbled for the free end of 
the rope she had tied to her ankle ropes earlier.  She found it and passed it
over her wrist ropes then back down to her ankles.  She passed it 
underneath the ankle cinch loops then knotted it tight at her ankles.  She let
herself lean against the end of bed and slowly slid down the rest of the way 
to the floor.  She laid there on her side for a moment, feeling the beginnings
of a truly awesome orgasm shoot through her.  She had the wild impulse to 
roll over so her now throbbing tits would be mashed into the rug.  With great
effort she did so, feeling the rough carpet bite into her bound breasts.  She
spasmed, screaming into her gag as two back to back, earth shattering 
orgasms swept through her body.  She was panting and sweating now, but 
was glad to be gagged as she was sure her screams of pure pleasure would 
have roused the whole apartment building!

She squirmed against her ropes, finding that she had done a really masterful 
job on herself.  She could not get any slack in her arms at all, thanks to the
tight hog tie she had put herself in.  She also found that she could not reach
the knot at her ankles to undo her hog tie.  She tried moving her body across
the carpet and found that with great effort, she could move about two inches 
at a time - she also felt her breasts being rubbed by the rough carpet.  After
ten minutes, she was really sweating, but had almost made it to the bedroom 
door.  She decided to rest her aching body, and since the vibrators were still
buzzing merrily away, had yet another mind-bending orgasm.  She considered
her predicament - she was still two whole rooms away from her knife,
she was quite helplessly bound, gagged, and hog-tied, and every time she 
moved she just simply excited her body more as her naked nipples ground 
against the carpet - every time she rested, the vibrators took over and 
BOOM! off she went again.

"I have been at this for two hours now" though Sally as her thoughts came 
back to the present, " and my body aches like crazy, my breasts feel like raw
meat, I have had nine orgasms, and I still have to get through the living 
room."  She kept working at it, and a half hour, and two more orgasms later, 
finally made it to the kitchen.  She cut her hog tie rope and had to rest for
five minutes before she had worked up the strength to cut her wrist ropes.  
She really had to work to cut the elbow ropes, but finally set herself 
free. She turned off the vibrators, and untied the rest of her ropes,leaving a
huge pile of rope in the middle of the kitchen.

Ten minutes later, Sally was sitting in a hot bath, feeling completely wiped 
out as the hot water soothed her aching muscles.  Sally thought about the 
experience she had put herself through and said "Well, it'll be a while before
I do THAT to myself again - I may even wait until  tomorrow!!!!"

--
