Archive-name: Changes/salon4.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Salon - 4
 

The two girls walked to the garage together.  Alice could not believe that 
the sound of the clicking heels was coming from her as well as from 
Mary. 
 
As they got in the car, Mary got behind the wheel, and told Alice that 
from now on she would do all the driving until Alice got her new drivers 
license and felt more comfortable in her role. 
 
At the salon, Alice saw her new office for the first time, and liked her 
new surroundings.  All the trim was pink and white and had a very airy 
feeling about it.

Mary said, Alice, this is where you will be working from now on and
tomorrow, you should be able to start getting used to the surroundings
and to the people with whom you will be working.

Alice was startled to know that she would have to start interacting with
the people so soon, but, as Mary said, you have to jump in to learn to
swim.

After this they went to the mall.  Their first stop was at Victoria's Secret,
where Mary insisted that Alice try on some of the sets they were going
to buy.  As they were in the dressing room, Mary helped Alice with the
taking off and putting on of all the silky beautiful stuff.

Alice kept complaining to Mary of the extra-sensitivity on her breasts as
well as of the generally nauseous feeling she kept having.  Mary would
just sympathize with her and tell her things would improve.

After spending a couple of hundred dollars at VS, they went to Marshall
Fields for some working outfits.  Mary insisted that she not wear a
uniform, but that business outfits would be more suitable, since Alice
would have to deal with all the sales people for the products companies
trying to sell their wares.

As they were returning home, Alice asked the question which was in the
back of her mind since this whole thing started.  "If this is for the time
being, what is going to happen when I go back to being a man?"

Mary now got very serious and took her to a very nice restaurant and
when they were seated, she proceeded to explain the whole process to
Alice.

"Alice, I have always had fantasies of you as a woman.  I am not really
attracted by men, but when we made love, especially at the beginning, I
would just close my eyes and pretend that you were another girl."

"As time has passed, I have grown to love you, but your male equipment
kept getting on the way of my fantasies and, frankly was a bit of a
frustration."

"When I bought the salon, my original intention was to do what we are
doing, except you were going to learn to be one of the operators, and you
may still get to do that; as a matter of fact you WILL take training. 
However, since you have a very good business background and since the
position became open, I decided that this will be the opportunity to put
my plan into operation."

"I called your boss who was only too happy to comply with letting you
go, especially since they were closing up the operations, and this way they
would not have to pay you for any of the benefits.  And that is OK,
since you will be making a good salary and at the same time, will be
helping to move our salon into the top 20 of the city."

"As to the changes which have occurred and are occurring, as you know
I was a gynecological nurse.  I had access to the technology and to the
prescriptions to make things work well.  Of course, Dr. Lydia Carter is
helping me with the situation, and it is she who will oversee the complete
conversion."

At these words, Alice recoiled, and asked what she meant by complete
conversion.  She had thought this whole thing would be just temporary
and reversible.

"At this point, yes, things are reversible, even though the changes to your
brain will not be able to be changed.  If we were to give you back the
use of your organs, you would still think of yourself as a girl, and would
continue to do so always."

"As to the changes tanking place, your own breasts are growing under the
prosthetics, that explains the itchiness and the "chicken skin" feeling.  In
a few days, we will be able to unattach the "falsies" and you can go with
your own equipment."

"Your genitals, I am affraid are another matter.  The longer the testicles
remain inside your body cavity, the more completely they will attrophy. 
Actually, in four more days, they will be totally unusable.  Of course, as
the testicles go, so does your little penis.  Getting no male hormones will
cause it to shrink to an unworkable size if it were to be allowed to come
out of the cavity into which it is stored."

"The vitamins you are taking and the shots you are getting are actually
very powerful chemicals which are changing your psyche, as well as your
body into that of the person you have now become.  I am sure you have
noticed the sense of well being, the smoothness of your skin, the sensitivity
to colors and smells, as well as the other changes of which you are
aware."

"Dr. Carter will be seeing you tomorrow after work and thereafter every
monday for the next few months.  She will re-structure your body as well
as the chemicals you are taking, until not even you will be able to tell
that you were once a male."

Mary saw that Alice was crying silently, and she reached over and held
her hand and told her that this would be the best for their marriage, since
they would be unable to continue the charade that she had gone through. 
And that Alice, she was sure would become a better person in her new
gender.

Alice accepted the explanations and even though there were a thousand
and one questions running through her mind, she kept them to herself for
the time being until such time as they were in a more private
environment.

That night as the two girls were getting ready to go to bed, and Alice
was sitting on the toilet peeing, Mary came in with a new baby doll set
for Alice, and putting it on her, gave her a longing kiss and walked her
by the hand to their bed and to a wonderful experience of love-making
such as Alice had never even dreamed of.

--
