Salon
author unknown

******

It had been a frustrating day, not only had Allan lost his job, but he had 
been told that since the company was going out of business, there would be no 
settlement package for him.  His last paycheck had been just that, his last 
paycheck. 
 
Allan and Mary had not been too careful about savings, and since his wife, a 
nurse by profession had a few months back taken all the savings and invested 
them in a Hair Salon, there was nothing to fall back on. 
 
Mary had been a nurse, but she had felt frustrated (the word burnout had been 
used liberally in her case) and when she found out that the hair styling 
salon which she frequented was being put up for sale, she jumped at the 
chance and had bought it.  

She had just finished her hair styling education and had enrolled in a few 
courses in business management, but found that to be very frustrating. 
 
When Allan came home that evening, Mary was waiting for him with the 
unsettling news that the business manager that had been part of the Salon had 
quit and that there was now a very big void in the business portion of the 
business. 
 
When Allan heard this, he said that since he was a professional business 
manager, that maybe he would be able to take over the duties and at the same 
time, turn the business around. 

Arrangements were immediately made for Allan to start the following week.  He 
and Mary were to drive together to the shop. 

The news more or less alleviated the disastrous news he had heard earlier in 
the day.  However, Allan felt not a little bit uneasy at having to work among 
so many women. 

As they were discussing the situation and how things were going to work-out, 
Mary kept looking at Allan and smiling to herself. 

Allan had never been very macho looking and her plan called for exactly this 
type of situation. 

They talked for hours and finally decided to go to sleep at about two in the 
morning. 

The next day was saturday, Mary woke up early and had breakfast ready by the 
time Allan woke up. 

As Allan was eating his breakfast, he asked Mary what the purple pill was, and 
Mary told him that the regular vitamins that he took were gone and that these 
were some special vitamins she had bought at the store for herself.  Allan 
was satisfied and took his pill. 

After breakfast, Mary steeled herself for the discussion which was to follow 
and sat down with Allan. 

Since the business is about women and for women and with women, Mary explained 
to Allan that she thought it would be much better for all concerned if Allan 
was to work as one. 

Allan was shocked at this and said so, but Mary countered that it would make 
things much easier at the Salon as well as for Allan, he would not feel so 
out of place. 

Mary was so insistent that Allan gave in fairly quickly (maybe too quickly, 
thought Mary).  The main part of the plan was to practice during the weekend 
and by the time monday rolled around, he would be much more comfortable with 
his new role and appearance. 

As soon as things were agreed, Mary took Allan to the bathroom and asked him 
to take all his clothes off.  When Allan did so, she told him to stand in the 
bathtub while she spread this foul smelling foam "all over" Allan's body.   
Then she told him to stand for approximately 25 minutes, all the while 
talking and explaining to him some of the parts of the plan. 

The plan called for total immersion, in order to avoid any complications, 
Allan would have to switch his life completely starting at this time.  Mary 
stepped out of the bathroom for a little while and when she came back, she 
told Allan that she had gathered all "his" clothes and packed them away as 
they would not be needed for quite some time.  Allan could not do anything, 
as he had been told not to move. 

Mary also decided that since Allan was a man's name and he was not to give the 
impression that he was a man at all, he would have to go by a new name for 
the time being.  She chose Alice, and as she started rinsing, Alice was born, 
and Allan departed. 

Alice looked down as soon as the water turned clear and could not believe how 
ALL the hair had disappeared, even the hair "down there", Mary told her that 
this would help in the transition, not only in public, but also in the 
preparations for the change itself. 

Mary told Alice to finish the shower and to use a special type of body lotion 
after rinsing from the shower.  When Alice started drying herself with the 
towel, her skin felt like it was on fire, the sensations were incredibly 
strong, although not unpleasant. 

When she got to the bedroom, Mary was waiting for her, and asked her to lie 
down on the bed, which, Alice noted had been covered with a plastic sheet. 

Mary had Alice close her eyes and she put a wet cloth over her eyes with some 
very nice smelling lotion, and then put a rubber band over her head to hold 
the wet cloth in place. 

Mary then told Alice that since she would not be able to move for the next two 
hours, and she should not even attempt it, she was going to tie her hands and 
feet down to avoid any accidents, but that if she felt the need to move or 
needed something to let her know.  Then she proceeded to tie Alice's hands 
and feet to the bed frame. 

Alice started feeling somewhat apprehensive and told Mary so, but Mary 
reassured her that she loved her and that she would not do anything to hurt 
her. 

The next thing Alice felt was some very cold lotion being applied to her 
genital area, and at the same time a tingling sensation and then nothing. 
Even when Mary told her she was touching her, she could not feel anything at 
all.  She, however, knew that Mary was working down there, because she could 
hear the sound of her voice and could follow it to that general area. 

After a little while, Mary said, "well, that part is done, now we have to wait 
for it to set completely.  Meanwhile, we will move to this other area".  With 
that, Alice felt the same cold and then tingling feeling around her breasts, 
and then, nothing. 

After this was done, Mary told Alice to try to sleep for a little while, as 
time would move much faster that way.  And she said that to help her sleep 
better, she would give her a very mild sedative in a shot.  Alice felt the 
shot in her thigh and then nothing. 


When Alice awoke, the cloth was gone from her eyes, but the bindings were 
still there.  She could not move, but she could see by the light coming from 
the window that it was now early afternoon.  She must have been asleep for at 
least 4 hours.  But she felt ravenously hungry. 

As she began to stir a little on the bed, Mary came in with a tray with a 
sandwich, a glass of milk and a purple pill, and, Alice saw, a syringe. 

Mary set the tray down next to the bed and told Alice that she was going to 
undo the bindings, but to lie without moving for a little while longer and 
she would explain all that was happening. 

Mary untied the bindings and turned Alice over a little and gave her another 
shot.  Then she told Alice to sit up, very slowly and try not to look down at 
this time.  She had been covered with a silk sheet. 

As Alice sat up, she could not help but notice a slight weight on her chest, 
but being very obedient, she did not look down. 

Then Mary began to explain that since she was a nurse, she knew exactly what 
she was doing.  She had made a special device for Alice's genital area which 
would ensure that she would not be found out, even if she was seen totally 
naked in public. 

At the same time, she had fashioned some breast forms which she had applied on 
a semi-permanent basis to her breast area.  These were also impossible to 
detect from the real ones without a very thorough and close examination. 

She was told that the shots were to make her relax and accept her new role 
more easily, and that she would find herself feeling very good about it.  
Alice was beginning to feel pretty good about this whole thing. 

Alice then said to Mary that she felt her bladder very full and would have to 
go to the bathroom.  Mary replied that she would help her, and she should not 
feel too upset at what she saw.  That it would be a new experience and that 
she should enjoy it. 

With that, Mary took off the sheet covering Alice and told her to look down.  
When Alice did this, she felt somewhat disoriented, she saw two small sized 
breasts jutting out from her chest.  These were very pretty and natural with 
very pointy pink nipples.  

She reached down and held them in her hands and felt the weight and shape 
while at the same time, getting a strange feeling "down there". 

She immediately moved one hand to her pubic area and what she saw, shocked 
her.  Instead of her small, but reactive penis, she felt a flat smoothness 
which she had previously only felt on Mary's pubic area. 

There was no hair, and Alice could feel the shape of a slit, and as she moved 
her finger, the feeling along the slit was quite pleasant. 

Mary explained that she had used a very special cream which allowed flesh to 
be manipulated into different forms.  Her penis had been "miniaturized" and 
pushed in (sort of like a piston).  That it would stay there until it was 
given a reverse treatment.  Then her testicles had also been "miniaturized" 
and had actually been pushed into her body cavity. 

Finally, the scrotal sac had been re-fashioned into the slit that she now 
felt.  Into the form of an actual vagina.  Mary explained that the only way 
any one could tell the difference would be through a gynecological exam. 

The changes would force Alice to sit down to pee,  and since her stream would 
not be directable (like when she had a penis), she would have to wipe her 
area after peeing, "just like any other girl." 

Mary walked with Alice to the bathroom.  Alice could feel the weight of her 
small breasts as they bounced with every step she took.  She could also feel 
a bit of a difference "down there" as there was no rubbing of her scrotum or 
penis against her thighs. 

At the bathroom, Alice sat on the toilet and let go, feeling the stream come 
out of an unfamiliar place.  Then she wiped the area, noticing the feelings 
as she did so. 

Mary then prepared a scented bubble bath and had Alice get into the tub. 
Alice started to relax even more, and felt herself drift one more time into 
dreamland. 

Mary woke her up then had her stand up, rinse and pat dry.  As she did so, a 
sensation of intense feelings could be felt in every part of her body. What's 
happening to me? she thought.  Here I am, a man, yet, I don't look like one, 
and I am enjoying it, to boot. 

She asked Mary why the bathroom mirror had been covered, and Mary told her 
that she didn't want Alice to see herself completely just yet, since she 
would be working on her hair and make-up the rest of the afternoon, so that 
Alice could actually see the finished package when she was done. 


They then went back to the bedroom where Alice proceeded to eat her sandwich 
with the milk and the "vitamin" pill. 
 
After this, they went to the spare bedroom, where Mary had a salon chair set 
up.  Alice sat down and Mary began the whole process by putting on a lotion 
on her long hair.  (Allan had kept his hair long at Mary's insistence for 
some time). 
 
After a while, Mary applied some rollers to the hair and as Alice sat under a 
hair dryer, Mary worked on Alice's nails. 
 
When the hair dryer was finished, Mary finished combing and cutting and 
trimming some of the hair until she was satisfied.  Alice had still not seen 
herself in the mirror.  Then Mary worked on Alice's eyebrows and face until 
she was satisfied. 

Alice had been wearing a thin robe of Mary's at this time.  Mary then took 
her to their bedroom, and standing in front of the full-length mirror, took 
Alice's robe off and then uncovered the mirror, so that Alice could get the 
full effect of the changes which had occurred on her. 

Alice just could not believe what had happened.  There was no way that she 
was the same person who had gone to bed a male last night.  No trace 
remained.  She instinctively reached down to her genital area and spread her 
legs a little to show the outline of her slit.  Then she held her small, but 
very well proportioned and shapely new breasts in her hand. 

All this time, Mary was standing to the side smiling and enjoying the view.  
Then she came over to Alice and took her in her arms and kissed her very 
deeply.  Alice remembered that Mary had not kissed her like this since their 
honeymoon a couple of years back. 

After a little while, they ate a very light dinner together, and after Alice 
took her vitamin pill, she felt a little sleepy, even though it was still 
very early. Mary then took her to the bedroom, helped Alice put on one of her 
nightgowns and gave her another shot.  Alice went on to dreamland while Mary 
went out shopping and to make more preparations for Alice's "coming out". 

Alice dreamt that everything in her life had taken a pink hue.  She felt very 
light and very feminine.  In the dream, there was no past, just a future, and 
she was very happy that she was a girl.  She enjoyed her new form and could 
not even remember that she was anything but a girl. 

Of course, her dreaming was caused partly by the chemicals given her in the 
shots she had taken, and also by the mind-altering tapes she was 
unconsciously hearing while Mary was out shopping. 

Sunday came and, when Mary brought Alice  breakfast in bed, Alice woke up 
feeling very refreshed and very happy with events, even though inside, she 
kept asking herself how come she was feeling like this. 

After breakfast and vitamin, Alice complained of a little nausea, and Mary 
just sat next to her and held her hand until it passed. 

Mary gave Alice another shot, Alice complained of feeling like a pincushion.   
Then Mary brought out some of the purchases she had made the day before and 
started to help Alice to dress. 

First came the pretty beige panties with the lace around the waist and legs.  
As this came up her legs, Alice felt like she had been putting them on all 
her life.  They fit very well and Alice adjusted the crotch so that it was 
nice and flat and taut. 

Next came a matching bra with a front clasp.  Mary taught Alice how to place 
her breasts in the cups and to adjust the clasp and the straps to feel 
comfortable.  Alice told Mary that she was feeling kind of strange on her 
breasts, kind of like "chicken skin", and Mary told her it was part of the 
process, not to worry about these feelings at this time. 

Alice finished dressing with a shirt, which she found awkward buttoning 
backwards. Then came a jumper skirt, which she had to button and zip on her 
back. 

Mary then brushed her hair a little and applied light make-up.  Then she told 
Alice that they were going to go to the salon to look at her new office 
facilities, and then do a bit more shopping for clothes for her. 

Alice at first panicked, but when Mary showed her in the mirror how well she 
looked, she calmed down. 

Before leaving they had a salad lunch, with Alice's pill and shot. 

 
The two girls walked to the garage together.  Alice could not believe that 
the sound of the clicking heels was coming from her as well as from Mary. 
 
As they got in the car, Mary got behind the wheel, and told Alice that from 
now on she would do all the driving until Alice got her new drivers license 
and felt more comfortable in her role. 
 
At the salon, Alice saw her new office for the first time, and liked her new 
surroundings.  All the trim was pink and white and had a very airy feeling 
about it. 

Mary said, Alice, this is where you will be working from now on and tomorrow, 
you should be able to start getting used to the surroundings and to the 
people with whom you will be working. 

Alice was startled to know that she would have to start interacting with the 
people so soon, but, as Mary said, you have to jump in to learn to swim. 

After this they went to the mall.  Their first stop was at Victoria's Secret, 
where Mary insisted that Alice try on some of the sets they were going to 
buy.  As they were in the dressing room, Mary helped Alice with the taking 
off and putting on of all the silky beautiful stuff. 

Alice kept complaining to Mary of the extra-sensitivity on her breasts as well 
as of the generally nauseous feeling she kept having.  Mary would just 
sympathize with her and tell her things would improve. 

After spending a couple of hundred dollars at VS, they went to Marshall Fields 
for some working outfits.  Mary insisted that she not wear a uniform, but 
that business outfits would be more suitable, since Alice would have to deal 
with all the sales people for the products companies trying to sell their 
wares. 

As they were returning home, Alice asked the question which was in the back of 
her mind since this whole thing started.  "If this is for the time being, 
what is going to happen when I go back to being a man?" 

Mary now got very serious and took her to a very nice restaurant and when they 
were seated, she proceeded to explain the whole process to Alice. 

"Alice, I have always had fantasies of you as a woman.  I am not really 
attracted by men, but when we made love, especially at the beginning, I would 
just close my eyes and pretend that you were another girl." 

"As time has passed, I have grown to love you, but your male equipment kept 
getting on the way of my fantasies and, frankly was a bit of a frustration." 

"When I bought the salon, my original intention was to do what we are doing, 
except you were going to learn to be one of the operators, and you may still 
get to do that; as a matter of fact you WILL take training. However, since 
you have a very good business background and since the position became open, 
I decided that this will be the opportunity to put my plan into operation." 

"I called your boss who was only too happy to comply with letting you go, 
especially since they were closing up the operations, and this way they would 
not have to pay you for any of the benefits.  And that is OK, since you will 
be making a good salary and at the same time, will be helping to move our 
salon into the top 20 of the city." 

"As to the changes which have occurred and are occurring, as you know I was a 
gynecological nurse.  I had access to the technology and to the prescriptions 
to make things work well.  Of course, Dr. Lydia Carter is helping me with the 
situation, and it is she who will oversee the complete conversion." 

At these words, Alice recoiled, and asked what she meant by complete 
conversion.  She had thought this whole thing would be just temporary and 
reversible. 

"At this point, yes, things are reversible, even though the changes to your 
brain will not be able to be changed.  If we were to give you back the use of 
your organs, you would still think of yourself as a girl, and would continue 
to do so always." 

"As to the changes tanking place, your own breasts are growing under the 
prosthetics, that explains the itchiness and the "chicken skin" feeling.  In 
a few days, we will be able to unattach the "falsies" and you can go with 
your own equipment." 

"Your genitals, I am affraid are another matter.  The longer the testicles 
remain inside your body cavity, the more completely they will attrophy. 
Actually, in four more days, they will be totally unusable.  Of course, as 
the testicles go, so does your little penis.  Getting no male hormones will 
cause it to shrink to an unworkable size if it were to be allowed to come out 
of the cavity into which it is stored." 

"The vitamins you are taking and the shots you are getting are actually very 
powerful chemicals which are changing your psyche, as well as your body into 
that of the person you have now become.  I am sure you have noticed the sense 
of well being, the smoothness of your skin, the sensitivity to colors and 
smells, as well as the other changes of which you are aware." 

"Dr. Carter will be seeing you tomorrow after work and thereafter every monday 
for the next few months.  She will re-structure your body as well as the 
chemicals you are taking, until not even you will be able to tell that you 
were once a male." 

Mary saw that Alice was crying silently, and she reached over and held her 
hand and told her that this would be the best for their marriage, since they 
would be unable to continue the charade that she had gone through. And that 
Alice, she was sure would become a better person in her new gender. 

Alice accepted the explanations and even though there were a thousand and one 
questions running through her mind, she kept them to herself for the time 
being until such time as they were in a more private environment. 

That night as the two girls were getting ready to go to bed, and Alice was 
sitting on the toilet peeing, Mary came in with a new baby doll set for 
Alice, and putting it on her, gave her a longing kiss and walked her by the 
hand to their bed and to a wonderful experience of love-making such as Alice 
had never even dreamed of. 

FIN
