
                      SALOON GIRL

  When my wife Jane asked if I would be a volunteer worker at
her company's western night, I said sure, why not? She told
me she would fill me in on the details as the time drew
nearer. A couple of weeks before the event, Jane started
making a satin saloon girl outfit. I teased her and told her
to be sure to make it extra frilly and sexy, and she said I
could be sure of it. It wasn't until two days before the
party that I got the rest of the story.

  When our costumes were ready, my wife told me to come try
mine on. I went to the bedroom and stripped to my underwear,
but Jane told me to take those off too. I didn't understand
why until she handed me a pair of black satin panties covered
with stiff red ruffles. It was then that I found out she had
volunteered me to be one of the saloon girls!

  A moment later, I was standing there in my satin panties.
Next came a red and black satin corset, which Jane hooked up
in the back. She attached fishnet stockings to the garters
and stuffed the bra cups with balls of nylon net. Then came
the satin dress. Jane told me she had made it frilly and sexy
just like I wanted (grinning). Then came a short, billowy red
and black petticoat, followed by high heels. Fishnet gloves
completed the outfit. She told me there would be three other
husbands dressed the same and we would be serving drinks.

  Jane reached under my satin skirt and all the stiff layers
of petticoats and stroked my cock through the satin ruffles.
She promised she would make my cooperation well worth my
while.

  On Saturday, I was back in the satin outfit. Jane had fun
dressing me. She put nail polish and makeup on me. She
commented on how great I'd look with my ears pierced but we
both knew it couldnt go that far. All that satin and stiff
petticoats rubbing against me had turned me on something
fierce.

  The event was a huge success. All of us dressed as saloon
girls had so much fun. I was amazed at how many women loved
teasing my body. The petticoats and nylon net rubbing against
my nipples kept my cock straining all night long.

  When we got home,Jane sure kept her end of the bargain! She
made me watch as she stripped out of her tight jeans and
western blouse. To my surprise, she was wearing a matching
corset. She pulled me close and kissed me. She knew the
petticoats sliding around against my satin encased cock would
drive me wild.

  I was then put on the bed and she tied my hands to the
headboard. Then she pulled off my satin panties. My hard cock
stood straight up into my petticoats. Jane flipped up my
skirt and petticoats and started sucking me. Before I could
cum she covered my cock with layers of petticoats and started
stroking me. She told me I had better not cum in my
petticoats or she would see to it that I would spend a
weekend a month in them. Jane knew I couldn't control myself
at that point. She just laughed and kept stroking my cock as
I shot my load into the crisp material. My wife flipped the
petticoats back up and mounted me. My cock was still covered
with cum and slid right into her pussy. Jane fell forward and
started rubbing my nylon net bra cups against my nipples.
Soon my cock was hard again. With Jane thrusting her hips
against mine, I felt her come and then I came a second time.

  Finally, I was untied and cleaned up. That night my wife
insisted I wear the petticoats to bed. She also kept her
word-once a month I must wear my satin dress complete with
all the accessories and serve her. Maybe she will volunteer
me to be a cheerleader at our high school reunion next year!


ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
We don't give a damn if you enjoy this quality file leeched from...

         E  X  T  R  E  M  E
      ------------+------------      ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                 /|\                  ³                                 ³
                / | \                 ³   Portland Metro All Text BBS   ³
               /  |  \                ³                                 ³
              /   |   \               ³       14400: 503.775.0374       ³
             /    |    \              ³         SysOp: Thing One        ³
            /     |     \             ³                                 ³
           /      |      \           ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
            d r e a m e s

