Archive-name: Changes/salon2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Salon - 2


When Alice awoke, the cloth was gone from her eyes, but the bindings
were still there.  She could not move, but she could see by the light
coming from the window that it was now early afternoon.  She must have
been asleep for at least 4 hours.  But she felt ravenously hungry.

As she began to stir a little on the bed, Mary came in with a tray with
a sandwich, a glass of milk and a purple pill, and, Alice saw, a syringe.

Mary set the tray down next to the bed and told Alice that she was
going to undo the bindings, but to lie without moving for a little while
longer and she would explain all that was happening.

Mary untied the bindings and turned Alice over a little and gave her
another shot.  Then she told Alice to sit up, very slowly and try not to
look down at this time.  She had been covered with a silk sheet.

As Alice sat up, she could not help but notice a slight weight on her
chest, but being very obedient, she did not look down.

Then Mary began to explain that since she was a nurse, she knew exactly
what she was doing.  She had made a special device for Alice's genital
area which would ensure that she would not be found out, even if she
was seen totally naked in public.

At the same time, she had fashioned some breast forms which she had
applied on a semi-permanent basis to her breast area.  These were also
impossible to detect from the real ones without a very thorough and close
examination.

She was told that the shots were to make her relax and accept her new
role more easily, and that she would find herself feeling very good about
it.  Alice was beginning to feel pretty good about this whole thing.

Alice then said to Mary that she felt her bladder very full and would
have to go to the bathroom.  Mary replied that she would help her, and
she should not feel too upset at what she saw.  That it would be a new
experience and that she should enjoy it.

With that, Mary took off the sheet covering Alice and told her to look
down.  When Alice did this, she felt somewhat disoriented, she saw two
small sized breasts jutting out from her chest.  These were very pretty and
natural with very pointy pink nipples.  

She reached down and held them in her hands and felt the weight and
shape while at the same time, getting a strange feeling "down there".

She immediately moved one hand to her pubic area and what she saw,
shocked her.  Instead of her small, but reactive penis, she felt a flat
smoothness which she had previously only felt on Mary's pubic area.

There was no hair, and Alice could feel the shape of a slit, and as she
moved her finger, the feeling along the slit was quite pleasant.

Mary explained that she had used a very special cream which allowed
flesh to be manipulated into different forms.  Her penis had been
"miniaturized" and pushed in (sort of like a piston).  That it would stay
there until it was given a reverse treatment.  Then her testicles had also
been "miniaturized" and had actually been pushed into her body cavity.

Finally, the scrotal sac had been re-fashioned into the slit that she now
felt.  Into the form of an actual vagina.  Mary explained that the only
way any one could tell the difference would be through a gynecological
exam.

The changes would force Alice to sit down to pee,  and since her stream
would not be directable (like when she had a penis), she would have to
wipe her area after peeing, "just like any other girl."

Mary walked with Alice to the bathroom.  Alice could feel the weight of
her small breasts as they bounced with every step she took.  She could
also feel a bit of a difference "down there" as there was no rubbing of
her scrotum or penis against her thighs.

At the bathroom, Alice sat on the toilet and let go, feeling the stream
come out of an unfamiliar place.  Then she wiped the area, noticing the
feelings as she did so.

Mary then prepared a scented bubble bath and had Alice get into the tub. 
Alice started to relax even more, and felt herself drift one more time into
dreamland.

Mary woke her up then had her stand up, rinse and pat dry.  As she did
so, a sensation of intense feelings could be felt in every part of her body.
What's happening to me? she thought.  Here I am, a man, yet, I don't
look like one, and I am enjoying it, to boot.

She asked Mary why the bathroom mirror had been covered, and Mary
told her that she didn't want Alice to see herself completely just yet, since
she would be working on her hair and make-up the rest of the afternoon,
so that Alice could actually see the finished package when she was done.

--
