Message-ID: <2414eli$9707291903@qz.little-neck.ny.us>
X-Archived-At: <URL:http://www.netusa.net/~eli/erotica/assm/Year97/2414.txt>
From: nostrumo@nienor.IN-Berlin.DE (Nostrumo)
Subject: Repost TG: The Adventures of Samantha      (01/14)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories,alt.sex.stories.tg,alt.sex.stories.moderated
Followup-To: alt.sex.stories.d
Path: qz!not-for-mail
Organization: The Committee To Thwart Spam
Approved: <usenet-approval@qz.little-neck.ny.us>
X-Moderator-Contact: Eli the Bearded <story-admin@qz.little-neck.ny.us>
X-Story-Submission: <story-submit@qz.little-neck.ny.us>
X-Original-Message-ID: <5rllrk$k4c@nienor.in-berlin.de>


Hi.

  One of my favourite stories for which I would like to find an
end. Tigger do you hear me?

  A not so thoughtfull person had messed with the wron women. It is
not exact what you think, but it come close.

  As usual I DIDN'T write this story and haven't any claim on it. If
you have some usefull hints or some good coments, your mail is then
welcome. Flames, you know, they will be piped to /dev/null.

  If you are an author and wish to remain anonymouns or just try to
avoid the replies to your work. I offer you the chance of posting your
stories and collecting the response for you. This offer only stands for
story postings and for nothing else.

Enjoy the story.

Ciao
	Nostrumo

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> cut here with a sharp knife <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<


The Adventures of Samantha



1 Chapter :


Sam Gordon drove to the neighborhood bar about 8:30 that Thursday night.
The bar was only a couple blocks away, but a guy never knew when he'd get
lucky.

It wasn't as if Sam wanted to get drunk or anything.  It was just that there
was nothing worth watching on the tube that night, a common occurrence these
past few years.  He figured he might as well go on down and lift a few brews
with some of the other guys in the neighborhood.  There might even be a girl
there willing to go home.

Sharon was the bartender that night.  Things were looking up already for
Sam.  Usually, Ted was the night bartender on Thursdays.  Sharon looked a
whole lot better than Ted any night.

Sam walked up to the bar and ordered a brew.  He decided to sit at the bar
that night, largely because Sharon was on the other side.  Not that Sharon
was wearing her nightie or something really erotic.  She was, in fact,
dressed simply in dark red pants and a white blouse.  She did fill out the
blouse and pants nicely though.  Besides, she always smiled and joked with
the customers as she was serving them.

There weren't many customers in the bar that early, just Ted and Joe, from
the apartment complex on the next block.  They were not much for
conversation, so Sam was sipping quietly and halfway paying attention to the
tv at the end of the bar.  He did strike up a short conversation with
Sharon, but she had to go pull some refills for the other guys, and that
died out.

By 9:30, Sam was on his third beer.  Well, they were short draughts.  A few
more guys from around the area had come in, and were drinking.  Not much
small talk, but enough to be more interesting than what was on the tv.  The
place wouldn't start getting crowded for another half hour anyway.

Sam felt the urge, so he wandered on back to the Men's room, and recycled
some of the beer he'd been paying for.  As he was walking back to the bar,
he noticed that a very attractive blond had come in, and was seated at one
of the tables.  Instantly, he noticed she was wearing a short dress, with a
low cut bodice, allowing the tops of her breasts to peek out.  It wasn't a
hooker's dress, but it was erotic.

Sam had something of a reputation as a lady's man, largely because he never
let an opportunity slip by.  So, he detoured over the girl's table, and
began talking to her.

The girl gave Sam a dazzling smile, and began responding to his small talk.
He found that her name was Susan.

At her invitation, he ordered drinks from Sharon and pulled up a chair at
the table so they could continue the conversation.

As more people came in, someone started playing the juke box.  The juke box
was filled with dancable music, rather than the loud noise found in many
bars, by overwhelming preference of the clientele.  Some late coming couples
got up and began dancing to the slow songs in an area cleared of tables.

Sam looked over at the blond, and asked if she would like to dance.

"Sure," she said, smiling.

Sam led her out to the cleared space, and they wrapped themselves in each
others arms, swaying to the music.  They danced through that song and the
next before going back to the table.

By this time, Sam and Susan were holding hands on the table, and the talk
was getting more personal.  Sam ordered another couple of drinks.

When Sharon brought the drinks over, she came up behind the girl and gave
Sam a big wink before depositing the drinks in front of the couple.  Sam
smiled quite openly at that.

They talked some more, and danced again for a bit, then the conversation got
around to what they were going to do for the rest of the night.

"Well I thought we might go home.  Together, I mean," Susan said, her eyes
directed shyly down at the table.

Sam agreed that would be a good idea, hardly believing his luck in landing
this knock out so quickly.

"Shall we go," Susan inquired.

"OK," Sam replied.

They got up, and walked arm in arm out of the bar to the parking lot.

"Why don't you follow me to my place," Susan said.

Sam was agreeable to anything by this time, anticipating a glorious night in
the sack.  So, he followed her lead across town to one of the luxury
apartment houses.

He parked next to her, and locked the car.  Then, she put her arm through
his, and directed him to her apartment.

They walked through the lobby, or living room, or whatever they called it.
There was no attendant on duty, but Susan did have to insert a coded card in
the door to get it to open.  Then, they rode upstairs in the elevator.

There not being all that much to do in elevators, Sam drew Susan close, and
planted a big kiss on her lips.  She responded by melting in his arms, and
kissing back.  They were in this embrace when the elevator stopped and the
door opened.

Susan led Sam down the hallway to her apartment.  She fished in her purse to
find the keys, giving them to him so he could unlock the door.  She
obviously knew when to defer to his machismo.

They entered into a fairly large living room, comfortably appointed with
some overstuffed chairs and a big sofa.

"Why don't you get comfortable over there on the sofa," Susan began, "while
I go get us a couple of drinks."

Sam sat down on the big sofa, making sure there was room on either side of
his so she could join him there.  He even shoved the coffee table back a few
inches so she would be able to get there easily.

A few minutes later, Susan reappeared carrying a glass of beer for him and a
drink for her.  She set these down on coasters on the coffee table, then sat
down close to Sam.

Sam knew an invitation when it came along, and immediately draped his arm
across her shoulders.  She snuggled even closer before bending forward to
take a sip of her drink.  Sam leaned forward with her, and took a gulp of
his beer as well.  Then they leaned back into the stuffing of the sofa.

Suddenly, Sam began to get dizzy.  He lifted his arm off her shoulder,
intending to reach his now spinning head, and passed out cold.  He had been
"Mickey Finn"ed.



2 Chapter -    The Changeling


Sam came to consciousness groggily.  He was not sure of his surroundings,
but was sure it was not his own apartment.  He wanted to roll over, but
found his arms and legs would not respond to his brain's message.

Adrenalin poured through his body, chasing the cobwebs from the drug away.
He immediately found out that he was on a large canopy bed, with his arms
and legs tied to the posts.  He could feel he was still dressed, but could
not tell much more in is state of panic.

Susan walked in as he began to come to life, came over and kissed him full
on the lips.

"Welcome back to the land of the living," Susan said to him, smiling widely.

Susan looked over her shoulder and said in a loud voice, "He's waking now."

Sam heard the rustle of pantyhose on skirts, and knew that several women had
walked into the bedroom.  He raised his head to see who had come in,
immediately wishing he hadn't as an enormous headache hit him.

The women walked over to the side of the bed, and Sam was surprised to see
that he knew almost all of them.

Jane, a secretary in Sam's office, had dated him a couple of times, and he'd
gotten into her pants a month or two earlier.  She had been good, but he
liked variety, so hadn't called her for any more dates.

Carol was a girl he'd picked up at the Red Buffalo, a swinging bar in one of
the malls.  He had taken her to bed as well, but again had not tried to date
her again, even though he'd seen her once or twice at the bar.

Gwen was a nurse he'd met at the emergency room of the hospital while he was
getting checked out after another driver had slammed into his car.  They had
meshed, and gone to bed just a few weeks ago.  He didn't really have any
plans to date her again in the near future.

The other two women were strangers to him, though obviously not to the
others.

Each of the women he'd dated came over, planted a big kiss on him, saying,
"Hi, Sam."

The others followed suit, introducing themselves before the kiss.  One was
named Gloria, the other Lois.

Susan spoke for the group.  "You have quite a reputation with we ladies, you
know.  You've met most of before, of course.  But you never call back, or
answer our calls when we try to get hold of you."

"We think it is about time you learned to take a lady's feelings into
account," she continued.

With that, Gwen, the nurse, produced a large pair or scissors.  She came
right to the edge of the bed, and began cutting Sam's shirt off.  She did it
professionally, and was able to pull the rags out from under him with no
problem.  Then, she started from the legs of his trousers, cutting them off
as well.

The women tittered and giggled as Sam reddened in embarrassment from this
treatment, and in being stripped to the skivvies so efficiently.

"What are you doing," Sam demanded.

Gwen said, "Just keep quiet, lover, and I won't cut you."

She then began to cut is jockey shorts off.

While Gwen was working on his shorts, one of the other women, he couldn't
see who, was taking his shoes and socks off.  When they were done, Sam was
completely naked and helpless lying on the bed.

"We know it is a common male fantasy," Susan began, "to have a woman tied
up, like you are, and have your way with her.  We thought it might be
interesting for you to see the fantasy from the other perspective."

All the women giggled at that.

Turning his head from side to side, he could see all the women staring at
his naked body.  Again, he flushed with embarrassment.

"Aw, lover," Lois said, "why should you be embarrassed to be checked out by
us poor females.  You do it to us all the time."

The women got an even bigger and longer laugh at that one.

Lois took her hand, and cupped his manhood in it.  She felt all over his
penis and testicles as the others looked on spellbound.

Sam reddened even more with this treatment.

"Well," Susan said, "we are waiting for someone else.  So we'll leave you
here for a little bit.  Get some rest, lover."

With that, the women left the bedroom.

Sam, left to his own thoughts and embarrassment, reflected on the situation
he found himself in.  So far, it was embarrassing, but little else.  It also
might come into something enjoyable, with all these women obviously so
interested in his body.  As he was thinking these thoughts, he heard the
apartment door open and close.  He wondered what was going on now.

He did not have long to wait to find out.  The women's voices raised in
greeting someone.  He couldn't quite make out the words, but they filed back
into the bedroom a few minutes later.

He saw the newcomer was Sharon, the bar maid from his local bar.  She, like
the women earlier, came over and kissed him in greeting.

"I think you have had enough time to think to yourself," Susan began.  "You
have some interesting experiences ahead of you."

The women all giggled at that pronouncement.

Sam wonder what was going on.

Gloria came over to the bed, and picked up Sam's manhood.  She fondled it,
like Lois had done earlier.  She nodded to Susan.

"Gloria is a medical researcher, and a doctor of urology at the local
medical college.  She is quite good at her work.  People come from miles to
have her attend to them.  Men and women both," Susan continued.

"In the course of her research, Gloria thinks she has found the secrets that
determine our sex, and sexuality.  She has experimented on several people,
actually, and they have been quite happy with the results."

The women giggled, and Susan and Gloria had enormous smiles plastered on
their faces.

"Gloria went to college with us.  We are all sorority sisters, you know.
So, when we got together to compare notes on our sex lives, your name began
to assault us."

"Anyway, Gloria proposed an idea to us, and we all agreed it was very good.
She will perform her magic on you.  You are about to become a woman, and
learn how to feel what we do when you treat us so badly," Susan concluded.

"No!," Sam screamed.  "You can't do that.  I am a happy man!."

"Oh, shut him up," one of the women said.  Sam couldn't tell which one it
was.

Someone stuffed something soft and silky into Sam's mouth.  He tried
protesting this treatment, but only muffled grunts came out.

"See," Sharon spoke, "he's making more sense already!"

All the women laughed loud and hard at that one.

Gloria produced a doctor's bag, and set it on the bed next to Sam's body.
>From it she pulled a large needle.  It looked like a veterinarian's needle
to Sam.  She took a bottle from the bag, and proceeded to fill the needle
with the serum.  She set the filled needle on the bed, then pulled another
bottle and two smaller needles from her bag.  She proceeded to fill these
syringes as well.  When all three needles were filled, she looked down at
Sam and began to explain what she was going to do.

"The larger needle contains the serum that reverses the chromosome matches
throughout the body.  It can be used for either sex, though it is easier to
use it on the male, reversing the chromosomes back to the neutral, female
state," Gloria began lecturing.

"This is what will be happening in your case, of course.  It does take a few
days to be fully effective, so you will be out of commission for a bit," she
smiled.  "Now, I usually deaden the area with an anesthetic when I do this
procedure, but we have decided that you should experience the full
implications of the change."

Gloria reached down to Sam's manhood, lifting the penis from the scrotum.
She took a cotton swab, and swabbed both with alcohol.  Then, she picked up
the big needle, jabbing Sam right at the base of the penis.

The shock and pain of the needle entering his most sensitive parts led Sam
to scream, and almost pass out.  All that came through is mouth was a
muffled, "Mmmmmmmf!"

He felt the serum from the needle entering his penis, feeling like it was
filling both the penis and scrotum at the same time.  He was sure both were
bloated with the serum, and it still kept coming.  He also kept screaming in
pain.

At last, Gloria pulled the needle out of Sam's genitals.  She carefully laid
it aside, and said, "See, big boy, it is done, and you are crying like a
baby.  Where is your macho image now?"

"Mmmmmmmmf!," screamed Sam.

"Now, the smaller needles contain a mixture of estrogens, female hormones to
you, and a testesterocide to kill off any male hormones you might be
producing now," Gloria continued.  "You certainly aren't acting like a big
macho man now, so I guess that part of the injection won't have much to do."

That got a big laugh from the assembled women too.

She plunged the needle into one of Sam's balls.

Sam screamed even more into his gag.

The serum felt like fire as it entered his nut.  It kept on coming until Sam
was sure his left nut was as big as a basketball.  Finally, the needle was
removed, though the fire continued.

Gloria picked up the second small needle, and repeated the process on the
other ball.

Again, the same pain and feeling of fire swept over Sam.  He kept screaming
into his gag, and the unintelligible sounds kept coming out.

"Now, my dear," Gloria continued her lecture, "the procedure is complete.
At this point it is still reversible.  In fact, we can reverse it right up
until the time you get pregnant, or until we give you the final, fixer,
injection.  We only have to wait for your body to rearrange itself into it's
new pattern now."

She put her needles and bottles back into her bag, and pulled out one more
small needle, and yet another serum bottle.

"This is the final injection," she explained, as she filled the needle from
the bottle.

"We will not give this to you now, but it will be given immediately if you
try to resist us," she said.

She then placed a cap over the needle part of the syringe, and placed it on
a tray on the dressing table.

"Oh, I almost forgot," she continued, "the final dose can be given orally as
well."

She took some envelopes of powder from her bag, giving one to each of the
women present after showing the contents to Sam.

"It only takes a little bit to make your condition permanent, and it can be
given in liquids, or spread over food.  I prefer the injections myself, but
I am a doctor," she concluded.

Saying this, she again reached into her bag and produced yet another bottle
and needle.

"This is merely a muscle relaxant," she said.  "It was invented by the
Russians for use in their interrogation process, but I have refined it to be
used medically.  It causes your voluntary muscles to relax totally, leaving
the involuntary ones, like the heart, working normally.  Your mind will
still be active, but you will not be able to move without assistance."

The fire in Sam's groin has subsided to a manageable level by now, and Sam
didn't figure he needed a relaxant, strong or weak.  Of course, these women
were not asking his opinion of anything.

Gloria swabbed an area on Sam's hip, and injected the serum into him.  "We
really don't want you to get cramps, or bed sores," Gwen said.  "This last
drug will permit us to untie you, and make you easy to move around.  The
beautiful thing is that you will know what is happening to you all the
while."

As soon as the women were sure the relaxant had taken effect, they did untie
Sam's arms and legs.  Then, they pulled the cloth from his mouth.  As they
did, he saw they had stuffed a pair of someone's panties in his mouth to
keep him quite.  Some consolation!

Finished with the procedure, the women again left the bedroom.  Sam could
hear them talking for quite a long time in the other room.

As he lay helpless on the bed, he began to feel the effects of the drugs
begin.  He suddenly felt flushed, then almost immediately chilled.  This
continued for quite a while, and then the pain in his groin came back, with
almost as much intensity as when the needles had been injected.  He passed
out from the pain somewhat later.



3 Chapter -    A Quick Girlhood


When he regained consciousness, Sam felt strange all over.  He could feel
the serum coursing through his body, of course, but the pain in his groin
had given way to a dull throb.  A similar throb came from his chest, leading
him to think his heart was going to give out.  He just lay in pain for a
long time.

Eventually, Gwen came into the bedroom, and rolled Sam over on one side.
She put her hand on his head, then to his groin area, as if checking for a
temperature.  She merely grunted, and went out of the room again.

Later on, Lois came in and repeated the process, rolling him to the other
side.

Sam lay in his pain for a long time.  Then, the pain in his groin gave way
to a numbness.  As the relief from pain came, he noticed that the room was
beginning to become brighter.  It must be morning, he thought.

Shortly after the numbness set in, Susan entered the bedroom.

"Good morning, sleepy head," she said.  "Did you have an enjoyable night?
Was it all you expected?"

She laughed heartily at her own joke, and looked over Sam's body.

"Hmmmm," she said.

Over her shoulder, she called for Gloria and Lois.

When the two women entered, Lois immediately put her hands on Sam's groin,
and began doing something down there.

With the numbness, and the relaxant still effective, Sam couldn't tell what
she was doing.

She stood, backed up, and let Gloria repeat the process.

"I think the initial stages look very good," Gloria said, as she stood up.

"Yes.  It looks and feels normal," Lois responded.  "I think we can release
her from the relaxant now.  I'm sure she'll be wanting to go to the bathroom
at least."

"Yes, I think so too," Gloria said, after pausing a moment to consider.

Gloria dug into her bag again, and drew out yet another needle.  She
injected this one in Sam's hip, after swabbing the area.

"Sam, dear," she began, "this injection counteracts the relaxant we used
last night.  You may feel some discomfort after it takes hold."

"Before you think of doing anything rash," Susan cut in, "take a look at
this."

Susan held a mirror up so that Sam could see his body.

In place of his penis and balls, he could see a slit on a mound of flesh.
He noticed that his thick chest hair had fallen out, and was lying on his
chest unattached.  Looking closer, he could see small hairs all over the
pillow, where his beard had fallen out.  His hair was longer than it had
seemed last night, but not overly long.  On his chest, he saw nipples,
looking like pencil erasers.  They were at least triple the size of his
normal nipples, and the area surrounding them seemed to be wider as well.
In short, he saw what appeared to be a prepubescent female body.

"If you understand what you are seeing," Susan continued, "just remember it
can be reversed right now.  But, if you give us any trouble at all, we will
not hesitate to give you the fixer dose."

As Susan was giving this warning, Sam began to feel his muscles twitching
involuntarily as feeling came back to them.  In a few minutes, he was able
to raise his arm or leg, as directed by Lois.

When he got that far, Lois and Gwen helped him into a sitting position, and
moved his legs over the side of the bed.  They let him sit there for a few
minutes, then helped him stand up.

Gwen took Sam's hand, and led him into the bathroom attached to the bedroom.
She made sure Sam was sitting on the toilet.

"We women have to sit down to do anything on the toilet," Gwen explained.
"Just relax and do whatever comes naturally.  I know you at least have to
urinate."

Sam was tense by Gwen's presence in the bathroom, but he tried to take her
counsel.  He felt his bladder was full, and knew he had to empty that.
After a few minutes, he heard, rather than felt, a stream of urine striking
the water in the toilet bowl.

When the sound of the urine in the bowl stopped, Gwen spoke again.  "Now, it
is important that you clean any residue from your vaginal area.  Take a
piece of toilet tissue, and wipe the wetness away."

Sam complied, ending up with very damp fingers, and several sheets of wet
toilet paper, which he just dropped into the bowl.

"You must remember to do this every time, Sam, dear," Gwen continued.  "If
you don't, bacteria will form, and they can cause all sorts of problems you
don't need."

She had Sam wash his hands at the sink, then led him back to the bed.

"Well, Sam, we all have to get to work," Susan announced.  "Sharon has
agreed to stay with you until we get home.  If you need anything, just knock
on the door."

Saying this, the women left the room, closing the door with a click that Sam
recognized as the lock being locked.

Sam sat on the bed in shock for some time.  He still could hardly comprehend
what had happened to him.  Indeed, he could feel it still happening, as the
drugs were speeding through his body causing changes to take place.

He was still in a stupor when the door opened, and Sharon came in with a
breakfast tray.  She put the tray down on a makeup table, and pulled the
seat out.

"Come over to the table and have your breakfast, Sam," Sharon said to him.

Sam walked over and sat down.  He hadn't realized how hungry he was until he
looked at the food.  There was juice, and milk, and a bowl of cereal.

"Growing girls need a good breakfast," Sharon volunteered gleefully.

"I'm not a GIRL," Sam insisted to her.

"Well, I think I'd look in the mirror before I said that so positively,"
Sharon said with a laugh.

Sam raised his view to the mirror on the table, and saw a girl's face
looking back at him.  Familiar, yet feminine.  He knew it was his face, and
this was not a dream.

Now dejected, he poked at the cereal.  He drank the juice, but not the milk.
Then, he just sat there.

"We women need extra calcium, Sam," Sharon explained.  "Drink your milk, and
finish your cereal."

Sam was about to tell her what to do with the milk and cereal when his eyes
strayed to see a hypodermic needle lying on the table.  He recalled the
warning that this was the final fix of his condition, and they would not
hesitate to use it if he did not cooperate fully.  So, he bit off his
retort, and finished off the breakfast.

"That's a good girl," Sharon said.  "Now, go over and sit on the bed until I
leave the room."

Sam obediently went over to the bed, and Sharon gathered the tray.  She left
the room, and Sam heard the click as the door was locked.

When she left, Sam got up and began pacing.  He could not believe what was
happening to him, and he was determined to get out of this mad house at the
first possible moment.  He was also determined to leave it as the man who
had walked in.

His glance was hypnotically drawn to the needle on the dressing table.  As
long as that was hanging over his head, he knew he had little chance of
realizing his determination.  He sighed, and lay down on the bed.



4 Chapter -    Coming Out.


He lay a long time, when the door opened again.  Sharon and Susan came in.

"My afternoon client cancelled," Susan explained, "so I came to help you
out."

Sam looked at the women with no expression on his face.  He could see the
broad smiles on theirs.

"It is about lunch time, and we thought you might join us in the kitchen,"
Susan said.  "But girls don't go around the house naked.  If you agree to
let us dress you, we will let you come out of the room.  Otherwise, you'll
stay locked in here until the others come in from work."

Stir crazy from being in the room alone so long, Sam readily agreed to let
the women dress him.

Susan went over to the dresser, and got a pair of cotton panties out.  She
handed these to Sam.

"Put these one, Sam dear," she said.  "They go on just like your old jockey
shorts."

Sam pulled the panties up over his legs.  They went on the same way as he
was used to, but they did not come up nearly to his waist.  They stopped
just over the widest part of the hip.  Another thing, they didn't have the
fold in them that his men's shorts had.

As he was putting on his shorts, Susan pulled a garment out of the dresser.
She held it up, then took it over to him.

"This is a slip," she explained.  "We women wear them to keep our dresses
from clinging, and also to provide some modesty under our lighter fabric
dresses.  This is a little girl's style.  It should work well on you."

Jake looked at the garment.  It had straps for the arms to go through, then
flowed down straight to below the waist, then belled out in flounces.

"Put your head through the bottom, and put your arms through the straps,"
Susan directed.  "Then just let it slide down over your body."

Sam followed the directions, finding the bottom of the slip fell about
halfway between his waist and knees.  Surprisingly, it seemed to fit.  Susan
was at the closet now.  She came back with a frilly little dress.  She took
it off the hanger, and proceeded to unbutton the row of buttons on the back
of it.  She handed it to Sam.

"Put this on the same way as you did the slip," She explained.

Sam fit the thing over his head, and put his arms through the sleeve holes.
He let it drop down, seeing it settle over the flounced area of the slip.

Sharon came over to him, and began buttoning the back of the dress.  Then,
she adjusted the sleeves so that they looked puffed.  Finally, she adjusted
the skirt a bit.

Susan had been to the dresser again, and returned with some white socks.

"You know how to put socks on, I think," Susan said.

Sam pulled the socks on.

"You know we girls do things differently," Sharon said.  She knelt down, and
doubled the tops of the socks down.  When she got done, Sam could see there
was a thin line of lace on the socks.

"I really wish they made Mary Janes in your size," Susan said, "but they
don't, so we will have to settle for this pair of flats.  They just slip on
your feet."

Sam put the shoes on, as directed.

"Stand up and let us see you," Susan directed.

Sam stood, and both women took a few steps backwards to get a better look.

"Turn around slowly," Susan again directed.

Sam turned, feeling their eyes examine him in the dress.

"Something is not right," Susan sighed.

"I know," said Sharon.  "We need to do something with the hair."

"I think you are right," Susan agreed.

"Sam, come over here to the dressing table and sit down, please," Susan
said.

As Sam sat on the chair, Sharon began brushing his hair.  It was longer than
he recalled it from this morning, but still fairly short.

Sharon stopped brushing, and considered a moment, then she picked up a
barrette and some bobby pins from the counter.  She quickly went to work on
Sam's hair.

"I think you got it," Susan said when Sharon was done.

"Stand up, Sam," Susan continued.

"You look adorable," she said as Sam complied.

"Now, let's go into the kitchen for lunch," Sharon suggested.

As Sam followed the women to the kitchen, he could feel the skirts of the
slip and dress hitting against his legs, then swinging away.  It felt both
strange and pleasant at the same time.

They got into the kitchen, and the women sat down.  Sam did as well, but the
women stopped him.

"You have to smooth your skirt under your behind," Sharon explained.
"Otherwise you'll get a cold butt."

Both women laughed.  Sam had felt the coolness of the seat momentarily when
he'd sat without the smoothing, so he realized he was being told the truth.

Sam smoothed the skirt under him, and sat.  The fabric of the skirt
protected his butt from the coolness of the vinyl chair, though the upper
part of his legs felt it.  The skirt didn't reach that far down his legs.

There was a bowl of salad in the middle of the table, which Sharon
apportioned to each of them.  She also poured coffee for herself and Susan,
and a glass of milk for Sam.

"Can I have coffee too," Sam asked.

"Not yet, dear," Susan replied.  "Growing girls need all the calcium they
can get."

They ate in silence.

When the meal was complete, Sam wishing it had more substance but not saying
anything for fear of another rebuke, the women took the dishes to the sink.

"Come over here, Sam," Sharon ordered.  "We will wash, and you will dry."

Sam took the tendered apron and dish towel thinking unkind things about this
"women's work."

The dishes done, Sam was resigned to being taken back to the bedroom.

"I don't think we need to lock her up again," Susan suggested.  "Why don't
we let her watch tv with us?"

For a moment Sam wondered what she was talking about, then realized that she
had been using the feminine pronoun to refer to him.

"Sounds good to me," Sharon replied.

The three of them went into the living room.  Sam remembered to smooth the
skirt behind him as he sat on the sofa.

Susan got the remote control, and turned on the TV. The channel was tuned to
a cooking show.  She pressed the button several times, until she landed on a
channel showing a soap opera.

Sam must have scowled at the choice of programming.  He didn't see afternoon
television often, but knew he was not interested in soap operas.

"Pay attention to the program, Samantha," Susan rejoined.  "You might learn
something that will come in handy later on."

Sam watched soaps with them for the rest of the afternoon.

The soap operas ended around 4:00, and the women took Sam back into the
kitchen.

"It is time to prepare dinner for the girls," Susan explained, fishing
through the refrigerator for different foods.

"I think we'll have lasagna tonight," Susan said after examining the
materials on hand.

"Sam, be a dear, and get the casserole dish from under the sink," Susan
said.

Sam found the glass dish on a shelf and brought it over to the counter.

"Thank you, dear," Susan said absently.

Being somewhat lost in he kitchen, Sam stepped back so as to be out of the
women's way.

"No, no, no," said Sharon.  "Come right up here to the counter so you can
watch.  We might even let you help."

The two women worked quickly, building the lasagna, and mixing the
ingredients for the sauce.  Sam was not called upon to help anywhere, but
whenever his attention drifted away, one of the women reminded him to keep
watching and learning.



                                  1

-- 
+--------------' Story submission `-+-' Moderator contact `------------+
| story-submit@qz.little-neck.ny.us | story-admin@qz.little-neck.ny.us |
| Archive site +--------------------+------------------+ Newsgroup FAQ |
\ <URL:http://www.netusa.net/~eli/erotica/assm/>    .../ass9´½™…Ä¹¡Ñµ°ø€¼