     A Surprise for Samantha

     Samantha Jones was one of the naughtiest girls at the
private girls' school to which her father, a wealthy business
man, had sent her.  There was no real harm in her, but she
could not control her natural high spirits and, despite being
one of the most popular girls at the school, she was
constantly getting into hot water.

     So, although the cane was not often employed at Melville
Grange, by the time she had reached the fifth year Sam had
felt its sting on no fewer than four occasions.  No other girl
in her class had been caned more than twice and only five
girls out of the twenty had had the cane at all.  Each time
the sharp stinging in her palms had left her more subdued than
usual for a day or two, before she bounced back to normal
again.

     Sam really enjoyed practical jokes, often of a rather
puerile nature.  It was one of these which led to her
downfall.  Mary Moss, a girl in her class, was being kept in
for detention.  Sam dashed across the road from the school,
bought an ice-cream from the van and came back with it.  Then
she put it in Mary's bag.  Sam went home  expecting that Mary
would find it when she got back from detention.

     But, unfortunately for Sam, Mary did not open her case
until she got home.  The ice-cream had completely melted and
had ruined the bag and several schoolbooks.  Mrs Moss was very
angry.  She went to her daughter's school and complained. 
Samantha owned up immediately there was an enquiry.  Mary
apologised to her for getting her into trouble, but Mary said
that it wasn't her fault.  Sam was told by Miss Baxter, her
form mistress, to see the headmistress, after school.

     "Oh, dear!" Samantha said with a wry smile.  "I'm for it
again, miss, aren't I?"  And she looked wistfully at her
hands, thinking of how much they would soon be hurting.

     After school at a quarter to four sharp Sam walked up to
the door of Mrs Miller's office.  She was not looking forward
to another taste of the cane, but she knew better than to keep
Mrs Miller waiting.  Some of her friends, who had followed her
a short distance behind, gave her a thumbs up sign of
encouragement and Sam smiled ruefully at them as she knocked
on the door.  The headmistress called to her to come in.

     "Samantha Jones!  Again!" said Mrs Miller as the girl
closed the door behind her.  "I really don't know what we can
do with you!  Anyone would think you enjoyed getting the cane! 
Well, do you?"

     Sam shook her pretty head.  She hated getting the cane! 
But she just couldn't resist mucking about.

     "Well, this time I'm going to try to ensure that you
won't want another caning for a good long time!"  She turned
and picked up a long cane from the shelf behind her.  It was
not the one Samantha had felt on previous visits to that room. 
"This is the senior cane.  I haven't had to use it for ten
years.  This ridiculous business with the ice-cream is not so
serious by itself, but I'm not having you coming back for
punishment every five minutes.  What you need is a good
lesson, once and for all.  And that's just what I'm going to
give you!"

     Sam bit her lower lip as she heard this speech.  That
cane looked really vicious.  Her poor hands!

     Mrs Miller walked around to the front of her desk holding
the cane.  "Right, Samantha, let's get this over with!"

     Closing her eyes Samantha extended her left palm. 
Despite her anticipation of the sting she held it steady with
no wavering.  She gritted her teeth, waiting for the first
sharp blaze of pain across her hand.  Much to her surprise it
didn't come.  Instead she heard the headmistress address her
again:

     "No, Samantha.  I'm  not going to cane your hands.  This
cane is intended for use on quite another portion of the
anatomy!  Take your blazer off, then your skirt and then your
panties!  I'm going to cane your bare behind!"

     Sam was quite shocked.  She had never heard of such a
thing and she protested vehemently.  But Mrs Miller was having
none of it.

     "It's no use arguing, Samantha.  Either you accept a
bottom caning or you leave this school.  I have already spoken
to both of your parents about this and they both agree with
me."  Sam finally realised that she had no choice.  She slowly
removed her navy blue jacket and, even more slowly her skirt. 
The headmistress made her place both garments neatly on the
desk.

     Red-faced Sam stood before the headmistress wearing only
her white blouse and school tie, ankle socks and the
regulation green panties.  "All right, girl.  Now get those
panties down!" ordered Mrs Miller.

     "Oh please!  Can't I keep them on?"  Sam didn't think
that the thin cotton panties would make much difference to the
pain, but she didn't want the humiliation of a bare bottom
punishment.

     "No Samantha.  Either you take them down or I do.  The
only difference is, if I take them down you get two extra
strokes!"

     Faced with this choice Sam obeyed, placing the panties on
top of her skirt.

     "Good!  Now pull that chair out and bend over its back!"

     As Sam did so she was only too aware of how vulnerable a
target her naked bottom was now providing for that awful cane.

     "Now, Samantha, I'm going to give you six strokes of the
cane.  It will hurt.  This is a punishment, not a game, and I
want to ensure that you won't ever need another dose.  But I'm
warning you now, if you don't get back into position when told
or if you refuse any strokes, I will have you held down for
the remainder of your punishment and you will receive
additional strokes!

     "I expect you to watch your step after this, Samantha. 
Walk very carefully if you don't want another caning like
this!"

     Sam felt the chill pressure of the cane across her
bottom.  It was the last time any portion of Sam's backside
was t feel cold for a long while to come!

     Suddenly Mrs Miller lifted the cane and thrashed it down
with a great deal more force than she used for hand-canings. 
Sam gasped as she felt a blazing line of pain right across her
bottom.  She jerked and her whole body shuddered.  The second
stroke soon followed, slightly below the first.  This time Sam
squealed loudly and kicked her feet in reaction.  She gripped
the chair seat more tightly, resolved to stay in place.

     Angry red lines formed across the comely wriggling cheeks
as Mrs Miller aimed the strokes carefully onto the lower
slopes of the teenager's suffering bottom cheeks.  Despite her
best efforts Sam could not help screaming loudly as the last
two strokes contacted her unbearably sore posterior.  Her
friends outside were surprised at the loud yells - some
thought Sam was just mucking around, but it certainly sounded
as if she was badly hurt!

     Nevertheless Sam somehow managed to stay bent down over
the chair until the sixth stroke, which Mrs Miller made sure
was the hardest of all, bit into the exposed flesh of her firm
schoolgirl bottom.  Then she leapt upright, pressing her hands
to her outraged rear.

     Samantha danced around the room, tears streaming down her
face, oblivious of her half-naked state.  Mrs Miller allowed
her a minute and then brusquely ordered her to put the rest of
her clothes back on.

     *          *          *

     Sam's followers were dismayed by the appearance of their
friend when she emerged from Mrs Miller's office.  She was
bent forward a little as she stumbled out, both her hands were
clasped to the seat of her blue skirt and large tears were
silently falling down her face.  She ignored the other girls,
pushing through them without a word, and made her way straight
to the toilets where she locked herself in a cubicle until she
was sure that everyone else was gone.  For once Samantha could
see nothing at all to laugh about.

     For the rest of that term Sam remembered the
headmistress's words and walked - and sat - very warily
indeed!
