
From ddail@efn.org Sun Oct 29 18:38:11 1995
From: wgay@cnw.com (Some Guy)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Samantha (part1)  (M/ff pedo con anal oral lez)
Date: Thu, 26 Oct 1995 09:34:10 GMT
Message-ID: <46nd8h$9ec@lassen.cnw.com>

This is an adult story for those who like this kind of thing. If you
are under 
18 you shouldn't read this, so stop now!!!
This Story is purely fiction. It involves adolescent girls and an
older man.
I involves consensual oral, anal, girl/girl and vaginal sex.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
                        YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED !!!
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

                     Samantha "The First Time"


        I remember it well, It was a friday afternoon, my wife was
    getting ready for work. The phone rang. It was my neice, Cindy.
She
    wanted to talk to my wife. A few minutes later, my wife came into
    the living room, where I sat typing at the keyboard. She told me
    that Cindy was going to stay the weekend. "Fun" I thought to
myself.
        Cindy was an 11 year old girl, who was a bit of a pain. Not
    a major one, just a bit of a pain. Then my wife mentioned that
Cindy's
    girlfriend was coming as well. "All Right!" I thought. This girl
was
    HOT! 12 years old, with a knock out body. She was about 4'9" tall,
    with long brown hair. She had a girlish face, and a tight little
butt.
    It was her breasts that held your eyes. They were gorgous. I
couldn't
    beleive she was only 12. They were D cups. I mean I could fill a
hand
    with each one of them.
        Her name was Samantha. Last time I saw her, she came visiting
with
    Cindy and her father, my wifes brother. She sat in front of the
tv,
    with her body bent towards where I was sitting. She wore on of
those
    loose tank tops, that hung forward, away from her body. This ended
up
    giving me a view of those massive melons. I couldn't keep my eyes
off
    of them. After a few minutes, Cindy noticed the veiw, and told her
    girlfriend. Samantha then sat upright and adjusted her top. The
veiw
    was gone, but still, I was drawn to her. Constantly looking for a
    glance at those breasts again.
        Unknown to me, that was going to change. I was to pick them up
    after I dropped my wife off. And she was ready. So off we went, I
    dropped my wife off and headed to my neices house. Cindy and
Samantha
    were waiting for me. It was about 5:00 on a warm spring day. Cindy
    wore a pair of shorts, and a tank top, as did Samantha. Her top
was
    loose, in effect hiding her breasts. She wore an undersized bra,
to
    try to hide them from the casual glance. Cindy climbed in first,
and
    went straight to the back seat, Samantha sat up front.
        This, in itself, should have clued me in, but I never figured
I
    would ever in a million years, get a shot at this girl. So I
dropped
    the thought, and drove back to my house. The girls were pretty
quiet
    on the way. We got home and went into the house. The girls went in
and
    started looking around the house.
        "Where's Jim and Mary?", Cindy asked.
        "Work", I replied, casually, and sat down in my chair.
        "When are they going to be home?", she asked.
        "After 6:00", I responded, trying to keep my eyes off of her
friend.
    She looked over at Samanth now. A look was exchanged. I didn't
notice.
    Samantha sat down on the couch, acrossed from me. She was bent
slightly
    over, so as to suggest a peek, but not give one. I glanced at
Cindy,
    and she walked back into the kitchen. I looked back over at
Samantha,
    and she was bending down to get something off of the floor.
        There they were. Those two melons, trying to squeeze out of
that
    undersized bra. I was frozen. I couldn't take my eyes away from
them,
    until she rose back up to a sitting position. My cock was growing.
    Samantha stood up and walked over to Cindy, who was standing in
the
    doorway.
        "How long was she there?", I thought to myself. They went into
the
    bathroom and closed the door. A few minutes later Samantha
appeared
    again. She looked different, but I couldn't tell why. Again, she
sat
    down on the couch acrossed from me. I pretended to watch TV for a
    few minutes, when I noticed she bent down again, to retrieve
something
    off of the floor.
        I checked the doorway, "all clear", I thought to myself.  I
turned
    my head, to find myself staring at those breasts, again. Only this
    time she wore no bra. That's what was different. They were so
firm,
    that they didn't have a lot of motion, when she walked.  I
couldn't
    do anything but stare.
        "You like them?", Cindy said out of nowhere. My head jerked,
as I
    turned to my neice. She was standing in the doorway, again,
looking
    at me with a sly grin on her face. I looked back at Samantha,
thinking
    this was it. I was caught, and my wife was going to kill me.
Samantha
    was getting up off of the couch and beckoned Cindy over to me.
Cindy
    took Samantha's hand and they walked over to me.
        "Mark", Cindy hesitated, then continued," Sam and me want you
to
        do us a favor."
        "Hmm," I thought" was that what this is all about. I Wonder
what they
    want, go meet some boys or something.".
        "What kinda favor?", I asked her.
        "Well, me and Sam, we well," she hesitated again, "We want to
know
    about sex. Real sex, not book stuff."
        Bamm, it hit me like a rock. These two nubile little virgins
want
    me to show them what sex was all about. I was dumbfounded.
Millions of
    thoughts entered my mind at once. This was dangerous, just plain
crazy.
    My life could literally be ruined if anyone found out about this.
To
    risky. I couldn't take the chance.
        "No!", I said, shakely.
        Cindy's grin faded. "I'll tell your wife about your staring at
Sam's
    tits." she threatened.
        "What do you think will happen? She'll get pissed at me, and
at worst
    divorce me over it. If I were to do as you suggest, I could go to
jail,
    she'd definatly leave me, and my life would be ruined forever." I
responded.
        The two girls looked at each other. Obviously, they hadn't
expected
    this kind of response. Cindy knew me to be a bit of a horny guy,
she had
    caught me looking at x-rated pictures, a while back. They turned
and went
    into the spare room.
        I dismissed it, and went on doing my thing. An hour or so
later, our
    roommates showed up. They were off to the other side of the
mountians, for
    the weekend, and quickly gathered up their stuff and were off.
        A little while later, the girls emerged from the room, and
came back
    out to the living room. Cindy looked over at me with a touch of
sadness
    in her eyes.
        "We won't tell anybody.", she wimpered.
        "And you expect me to beleive that? Look, there is a lot more
to sex
    then you girls think. First and foremost, is pregnancy. But
assuming that
    isn't a worry, then there is the pain, bleeding, and
phycologically it
    affects you as well. You may not be so forgiving then." I was
beginning
    to give in a bit, but I wasn't going to let them know just yet. I
wanted
    to make sure they knew what they were asking.
        "We brought some rubbers, so we wouldn't get pregnant", Cindy
    pleaded. "We know it will hurt the first time, we are ready for
that.
    That is why we chose you. Younger boys would be in a hurry, and
not
    care if it hurt us. You know about it, and would be more careful."
        "You girls have this all figured out, don't you?" I said.
"Hmmm"
    I thought to myself, "maybe I could do this."
        "Well, then, I have one more thing for you to think about." I
said.
    "Have you ever seen a mans penis?"
        "Yes" they said in unison, "my moms boyfreind's, when he was
drunk."
    Cindy finished.
        "And how big was it?", I inquired. Cindy indicated with her
hands
    a length about 6 inches.
        "Well, mine is much larger then that." I held my hands about 9
inches
    apart. They looked at each other. This time Samantha spoke up.
        "Can we see it?"
        "You show me yours, Samantha, and I'll show you mine." I said.
This
    was it. I have commited myself to this adventure. Now to hope it
works out
    for the good.
        Samantha reached down and took hold of the sides of her
tank-top.
    She slowly pulled it up, revealing inch by inch, both of those
lovely
    nubile breasts. When the nipples came into view, I nearly lost it.
My
    cock was raging inside my pants. Her nipples were only a quarter
of an
    inch wide, and were hard as a rock. The flesh was taut and firm.
        Then she reached down, put her thumbs into the sides of her
shorts,
    and pulled them down. Her nearly hairless pussy came into view.
What a
    site. Her hair was in a small patch just near her slit. She pulled
the
    shorts off, and dropped them to the floor. I just realised she
wasn't
    wearing any panties.
        "OK" she said, "your turn."
        I stood up, pulled my shirt off, and unfastened my pants. Both
girls
    looked anxiously at my crotch. Cindy was still dressed, I had
nearly
    forgotten about her. I pulled my pants off. My underwear bulged
from my
    cock trying to break out. I slowly pulled down my underpants, but
it didn't
    help. My cock sprang out, finally free from its bonds.
        The girls looked at me in amazement. They never imagined a
cock could
    be so big.
        "That's big" Cindy said loudly. "how does your wife fit that
inside
    of her?"
        "All girls stretch out to fit any size man. But it usually
starts
    with one much smaller then mine. Are you both sure you want to go
    through with this?" I asked, expecting this to be the end of it.
They
    would definately not want my monster cock inside of them.
        "Yes, I'm sure", Samantha said.
        "Me too", said Cindy.
        I guess, at this point, I should describe Cindy. She's 11
years old
    and looks every year of it. Her breasts are not yet in the
development
    stage. Her hair is brown, and she stands a good 6 inches shorter
then
    Samantha. Skinny, with an adolecent figure.
        "Ok, if your sure."I said, not believing they acually still
want to
    go through with it. "Cindy, get naked!"
        Cindy quickly pulled off her top. No bra, nor need for one.
But,
    she was further along than I had thought. Her nipples poked out
with
    the beginnings of her breasts. They stood out maybe a half inch,
and the
    flesh of her breasts were about 1 inch around. She pulled down her
    shorts, revealing her adolecent slit. There were a few hairs down
there
    as well. Looks like she's coming along.
        "Well, you said you had rubbers?" I asked. Cindy went to her
bag,
    and pulled out half a dozen rubbers.
        "Ok," I started, "What is it you girls want to learn about?
There
    are several aspects to having sex. There is vaginal sex, oral sex,
anal
    sex, Masterbation?"
        "Everything", said Samantha. "I want to know how to do
everything
    that turns you on." She hesitates,"turns men on."
    I caught that. So on top of it all, Samantha has a crush on me.
Well,
    I guess it would make sense. What I can't figure is Cindy.
        "Cindy, tell me, why do you want me to be your first man. I
mean,
    we are legally related to each other. That make this incest."
    She thought about this for a second.
        "I've always liked you, and figured you were the best one for
it.
    Besides, my mom has always wanted to do it with you, so I figure
if
    your good enough for her, well, you were good enough for me."
        "And you Samantha, you've only met me a few times."
        "Well" she started, "I liked the way you looked at me that
first
    time we met. I got all wet between my legs, and it felt good. I
tried
    to show you my tits, when we were here a while back, but you
didn't
    notice."
        "I noticed. I couldn't take my eyes off of them." I said.
    The girls were getting anxious. My cock had grown another inch
during
    the conversation. Samantha had her hand between her legs, rubbing
    ever so gently, so I wouldn't notice. Cindy walked closer to me.
    Her eyes never left my enormous cock.
        "Do you want to touch it?", I asked her.
        "Yes, can I?"
        "Go ahead. Put your hands around it." I said. She reached
down,
    and put her tiny hand around my stiff cock. It couldn't reach all
the
    way around. Then she added her other hand.
        "It's so hard, yet it is soft too. Why is it beating like a
    heart?" she asked.
        "Because my blood is filling it up, kinda like blowing up a
balloon.
    So it fills with each heartbeat. Why don't you kiss it, and lick
it. Get
    to know it."
        Samantha looked left out.
        "Samantha, why don't you join Cindy and get to know my cock."
    Samantha got down on her knees, in front of me, and put her hand
    on my cock, along side of Cindy's. They took turns kissing and
    licking up and down the length of my shaft. I was in heaven. These
    two girls had me on the brink of my first orgasm, and I haven't
even
    gotten it into either of their mouths.
        "I'm going to cum girls. I want you to open your mouths, and
put
    them side by side. I want to shoot my sperm into your pretty young
    mouths." I was holding back as long as I possibly could.
        "What will it taste like?", Samantha asked.
        "Salty, but not bad. You should learn to love it, since most
    men enjoy doing this, and some women refuse to do it."
        With that said, both girls opened their mouths wide, and put
    their faces next to each other. Their timing was perfect.
        "Don't swallow it." I cried just as the waves of orgasm struck
me.
    They stared at my cock, as the first pre-cum juices started to
flow.
    Samantha saw them, and moved forward to lick off the droplet. Just
as she
    started forward, tongue outstretched, I let the first load go. It
was a
    powerful shot. The sperm flew straight into Samantha's mouth, and
hit
    the back of her throat.
        Cindy, feeling left out, pulled my cock towards her mouth as
another
    load shot out, hitting her in the back of the throat. I reached
down, and
    pushed their heads back together, and turned their faces towards
each other.
    Just as I got them into position, Another load shot out, hitting
Samantha
    square in the nose. The girls were ready for the last few loads.
They were
    shorter, and not nearly as powerful.
        Finally, I was spent. Samantha's face was smeared with my
sticky
    fluids. Cindy looked up at me, with her sperm filled mouth.
        "Samantha, I want you to kiss Cindy, and take the sperm from
her mouth
    into yours. Cindy, when she has all the sperm in her mouth, I want
you to
    lick her face clean. lick up every drop, then give it to Samantha.
And
    when you have it all, Samantha, Then you can swallow it."
        Samantha and Cindy, slowly put their mouths together, and
Cindy started
    pushing the sticky fluid into Samantha's mouth. Some of it missed,
and flowed
    down Samantha's face. Cindy, seeing the leak, quickly licked up
the escaping
    sperm, and dropped it into Samantha's open mouth. Then she
proceded to lick
    the cum off of Samantha's face, scooping it and pushing it towards
Samanth's
    waiting mouth.
        I couldn't see the back of Samantha's mouth, only her front
teeth,
    with streams of cum dripping down into the pool of sperm in her
mouth.
    Soon Cindy had her all cleaned up, and Samantha looked up at me.
        "Ok, let me look at it" I said, and she opened her mouth wide.
    "Ok, you can swallow it now." and she did. But even after she had
swallowed
    it all, there were still streamers in her mouth.
        "That wasn't bad at all." Samantha said." I liked the taste of
it.
    Could we do it again?"
        "I want to swallow it this time." Cindy broke in." I liked it
to, but
    I didn't get to swallow mine."
        "Ok, girls, you'll both get to drink some more of my sperm." I
told
    them. "But first there are some other things I want you to learn
about.
    Such as yourselves. Have either one of you ever played with
yourselves?"
        Cindy answered first, "Do you mean touch ourselves?"
        "Yes" I replied." Have you ever played with your pussy, and
made
    yourself wet between your legs?"
        "Well, not really. I've touched it, but that's all." Cindy
said.
        "I rub it sometimes, and get it all wet." Samantha said.
        "Ok, Here's what I want you to do. First, go into the spare
room,
    and bring me one of the big sleeping bags." I told them. They
stood up
    and went into the spare room. They took longer than I had
expected. I had
    moved the coffee table to the side of the room, and got a wine
glass from
    the kitchen. Soon they returned, still stark naked, with a
sleeping bag
    in each of the girls arms. I helped them unroll the bags onto the
floor.
        "Samantha, Lie down on your back, and spread your legs apart."
I
    said. when she was in position, I turned to Cindy. "now, Cindy, I
want
    you to lie down on top of Samantha, with your pussy near her face,
    and her pussy near your face." Cindy looked at me now.
        "You want me to do it to Sam?", she asked.
        "The best way to get to know your own body is up close. And
since
    you can't get close enough to yourself, you'll learn better with
another
    girl." I said.
        "But wouldn't that make us lesbians", Samantha said.
        "No. It will make you more aware of yourselves. Trust me,
you'll
    be glad you did it." I replied. Cindy looked down at Samantha, and
    Samantha nodded her head. Cindy walked over and strattled
Samantha's
    face with her knees. Slowly she bent over and layed her body on
top
    of Samantha, and looked up at me.
        I moved closer to the girls, and knelt down beside them. My
cock
    was growing once more.
        "Cindy, reach down and spread her pussy lips open. Samantha,
you
    do the same." I told them. Cindy reached down, and parted those
virginal
    lips. Samantha's clitorus was standing out about a quarter of an
inch.
        "See that little bump, Cindy" I said as I reached down and
flicked
    it a few times. Samantha squirmed a bit as I did it.
        "That feels good, do it some more?" Samantha pleaded.
        "See, Cindy, that is a very sensitive spot on a girl. Play
with it
    long enough, and Samantha will have an orqasm." I smiled. Cindy
reached
    over with one of her free fingers, and flicked it a few more
times.
    Samantha's hips started moving. Cindy flicked some more, and
Samantha
    started getting wet. Her pussy lips were glistening with moisture.
        I moved over to where Samantha's face was now.
        "Samantha, spread Cindy's pussy lips apart." She reached up
and
    parted the the hairless lips. Cindy's clitorus was much smaller
then
    Samantha's but it was erect as well. I reached down, and flicked
it
    a few times with my finger.
        "Ummm, that does feel good" proclaimed Cindy.
        "Ok, sam now you know where it is. Instead of your finger, use
your
    tongue to flick it. I want you to taste her pussy. I want you to
know
    how good it tastes. Cindy, you do the same to Samantha. I want you
    two to make each other cum, like you did for me. I want you to
feel it
    and taste it." I said. My cock was raging now. Samantha slowly
moved her
    face up to Cindy's virginal pussy. Slowly she extended her tongue,
reaching
    out with it until she met Cindy's clitorus. Like a snake, her
tongue
    pulled away, and then flicked out and tasted Cindy's pussy. Then
she
    got a little bolder, and licked cindy's pussy and clitorus. She
had
    evidently decided it wasn't bad, because she started flicking, and
licking
    Cindy's clitorus with a lot more feeling.
        Cindy's hips started moving in rythym with Samantha's tongue.
As
    soon as she felt Samantha's tongue on her clitorus, she put her
face
    down between Samantha's legs, and started licking without
hesitation.
        As Samantha felt Cindy's tongue make contact, she started
gyrating her
    hips as well.
        "Now move down until you find the hole, and slip your tongue
in and
    out a few times, then go back to the clitorus. Continue like this
until
    you both reach an orgasm". This was great. They would do any thing
I asked
    them. These little girls were horny. The girls licked each other
for a
    few more moments, until Samantha's hips stiffened up, and raised
off of
    the bed. Her nearly hairless pussy was now sopping wet. Juices
flowing
    down the crack of her ass. Within a few seconds, Cindy pushed
harder
    against Samantha's Face, and started cumming herself. Samantha
slopped up
    all the juices she could. Her face was covered with Cindy's cum.
        Both girls relaxed now. Cindy rolled off of Samantha, and lay
beside
    her.
        "Well, girls, what did you think?" I inquired.
        "That felt real good. Is that was sex feels like?" Cindy
asked.
        "Better, and you Samantha?" I turned and looked at her.
        "I've never felt anything so good. I want to feel it some
more."
    Samantha replied. "And it tasted sweet, was I sweet too Cindy?"
        "Yes, you tasted real good!" cindy replied.
        "Glad you enjoyed that. You'll have to be real careful, if you
do it
    at home. You wouldn't want to get caught." I said as I smiled.
        "Ok, girls, are you ready to lose your virginity?", I asked.
        They looked down at my raging hardon. I swear it grew another
inch in
    the last few minutes.
        "Yes" they said in unison.
        "Who wants to be first?" I asked.
        "I do I do" they said in chorus.
        "Ok, I guess we'll have to find a way to decide. Hmmm, I have
an Idea,
    we'll have a little contest." I started, the girls looked at each
other,
    "Which ever one of you can take me further into your mouth, will
be first.
    does that sound fair?"
        The girls nodded their heads in agreement.
        "OK, you'll each get 3 tries. I'll mark the spot on each side
with
    a finger, one for each of you. Who ever goes the furthest, gets to
be
    first." I said." Cindy, you can try first."
        Cindy got up and reached for my cock. Now my cock measured 9
1/2
    inches, and 2 inches thick. The head bulged out to 2 1/2 inches.
These
    girls were going to have a hard enough time getting it into their
12 year
    old mouths, let alone taking it in very far. Cindy put the head of
my cock
    against her open lips.
        "Make sure you put your lips around your teeth, like this." I
showed
    her with mine." Or you'll hurt me."
        Cindy put her lips like I showed her, and pushed her head onto
    cock. She met with resistance. My cock was bigger around then her
mouth.
    She pushed harder, until the head popped into her mouth. She held
for a
    minute accomidating her mouth to it's size. Then she slowly pushed
it
    deeper into her mouth, until it was in about 2 inches. Her mouth
looked
    like it was stretch beyond it's limits, yet she pushed again.
Another
    quarter inch deeper, and another, until another 3/4 inch was in.
She
    started gagging on it and pulled back off.
        I had followed her upper lip with my finger to mark her spot.
Once she
    pulled it out, I moved it around to the side of my cock, and
motioned
    Samantha over for her turn. Cindy looked at her mark, and seemed a
bit
    dismayed.
        Samantha's mouth wasn't much bigger than Cindy's, so I figured
it
    would be a fair contest. Samantha moved in front of me, and
reached down
    and took hold of my cock. She put her mouth down, and put the head
against
    her lips. She wrapped her lips as instructed earlier, and pushed
her head
    onto my cock. It popped in the first time. She held for a second,
then
    pushed it in deeper. Slowly, an inch then two. She stopped.
        She reached her hands around my butt and pulled me towards
her,
    pushing my cock deeper into her mouth. She gained another inch.
Her mouth
    hit my finger marking Cindy's depth, and she stopped again. This
time, she
    pulled back off of my cock until it was out of her mouth. I moved
my
    finger to the side of my cock.
        "Not bad, girls. It seems Samantha is ahead. I'll tell you a
little
    trick, that may help you go deeper. First of all, get my cock all
wet with
    your spit. The wetter, the slicker it will be." I said. "Also,
you've seen
    sword swallowers, on Tv?" they nodded, "They take the sword down
their
    throat. Think of my cock as a sword, and try to take it into your
throat.
    Make sure you take a good breath before swallowing it."
        I looked over at Cindy, "Your turn."
        Cindy moved back into position, and looked at Samantha's mark
compared
    to hers. Then she started licking the head of my cock, spreading
her
    spittle all over the head. Then she put the head against her open
lips,
    and pushed her head onto my cock. This time it popped in right
away. She
    pushed harder and got down past her first mark, by a 1/4 inch. Now
she
    reached around me and grabbed on to my ass. I could see her taking
air in
    through her nostrils, she hesitated, and then pulled at my ass and
pushed
    her head towards me. My cock pushed against the opening of her
throat. She
    pushed harder, until I could feel her throat starting to give way.
        "Boy," I thought to myself, "she really wants to be first."
        Cindy continued to press a little further until she had nearly
4
    inches in her mouth. Her throat was swollen with my cock. Suddenly
she
    backed off of my cock, and came up gagging.
        When she regained control, she looked down at her new mark,
nearly
    halfway down my cock. Satisfied, she backed away, making room for
Samantha
    to take her turn.
        Samantha had been watching. She had seen Cindy gagging on my
cock, and
    having seen this, Samantha went a bit slower. She knelt in front
of me
    and took a look at Cindy's new mark. She looked up at me and then
back at
    my swollen cock. She gathered up some spittle in her mouth, and
started
    licking the still damp head of my cock. Swirling her spittle
around the
    head, and then moving around the head to the shaft. she gathered
up some
    more spittle and started spreading it onto the first couple of
inches of
    my cock.
        Satisfied it was lubricated enough, she reached up and took
hold of it.
    She looked up at me and pressed her lips against the head of my
cock. Her
    cute little tongue darted out and wet her lips. She then took the
head of
    my cock into her mouth. She swirled her tongue around the head in
her
    mouth, then pushed her head onto my cock. She took in a quick 2
inches,
    then slowed her pace, until nearly 3 inches were in. She the
released her
    hand off of my cock, and reached around behind me with both hands.
        At the same time, she created a bit mor spittle in her mouth,
and
    sloshed it around the bottom of my cock, her tongue barely able to
fit
    out the bottom of her mouth. Then she took a deep breath, and
pushed her
    head slowly onto my cock. I instantly felt the opening of her
throat.
    She hesitated, then pushed harder onto my cock. Suddenly, my cock
popped
    through the opening of her throat, and down into it a half inch or
so. She
    hesitated again, then ever so slowly, she pushed her head further
down my
    cock. Soon, she had half of my cock into her mouth and throat. Her
throat
    bulged out, Showing where my cock was.
        She looked up at me breifly, then backed slowly off of my
cock, letting
    it slowly out of her throat. Once it popped out of her throat, she
backed
    completly off and looked down at her new mark. Nearly 5 inches. I
was
    amazed. My cock wanted to explode. Samantha smiled, she was
pleased with
    this new mark.. Cindy looked beaten. She had to beat that, not
only that,
    she had to beat it by enough that Samantha couldn beat it.
        She had been watching and thinking, and decided she wanted to
try
    something.
        "Could we do this differently, I mean like with me laying
down?",
    Cindy asked.
        "I don't see why not, I never made any restrictions on
positions or
    anything." I replied.
        "Can we move over to the couch then, I want to make my throat
    straight, so I can take more." She went on.
        She walked that tight adolecent body over to the couch, and
laid down
    on her stomach. I moved over and positioned myself infront of her
mouth.
    She filled the mouth with spittle, and spread it all around my
cock with
    her tongue. First the head then the whole shaft. When she was
satisfied,
    she rolled onto her back, and grabbed ahold of my ass with both of
her
    hands, and pulled me forward to her lips. After wetting her lips,
she
    pulled me closer and opened her little child mouth. She pulled me
again
    until my cock's head slipped past her lips and into her mouth. Her
tongue
    instantly went to work, swirling around the head, sloshing spittle
all
    over it. The pressure returned to my ass, as she pulled me deeper
into her
    mouth. Soon, my cock neared the entrance to her throat, and when
it
    reached that point, she stopped pulling me towards her. Her tongue
went
    back to work, spreading spittle around the bottom fo my cock, and
raising
    he head a bit, sloshed it around the opening of her throat.
        I could see her chest expand as she started taking in a deep
breath,
    and preparing herself the next step. As soon as her chest rose to
it's
    highest point, she pulled again at my ass. I could feel the
opening of her
    throat, as my cock pressed against the opening, it felt too small
for my
    monster cock. I looked at her throat, which was in full view, just
as she
    pulled hard on my ass, pushing my cock hard against the opening.
It slowly
    started expanding her throat, I could feel the walls spreading
onto and
    finally around my cock.
        I could see it happen at the same time. A bulge suddenly
appeared
    in her throat, and pushed it's way down towards her chest. It was
tight,
    but moving steadily further down her throat. I tried to back up a
bit, but
    she pulled harder on my ass, wanting my to press it deeper in.
Checking
    her mark, She had nearly 6 inches of me in her mouth and throat. I
felt
    the pressure stop on my ass, and checked Cindy's chest. I appeared
she was
    wanting to take a breath now, so I pulled my cock slowly back out
of her
    throat. I met no resistance, her hands were still ahold of my ass,
so I
    knew she hadn't passed out or anything.
        As soon as my cock came out of her throat, she pulled on my
ass again,
    seemingly wanting to stop me there, so I did. She took a few deep
breaths
    and held it in again. This time she pulled my ass really hard, and
my cock
    slipped easily into her throat. She pulled me still wanting it to
go in
    further this time. It got to a little more than 6 inches when I
couldn't
    seem to get any further. She pulled again, trying to force it to
go
    further, but it wouldn't, so she pulled at me to back out.
       Once my cock was out of her mouth, she rolled over, and looked
at her
    mark. She seemed a bit dismayed, as if she wanted to go all the
way down on
    me.
        "Well, Cindy," I started," Your the first to take that much of
me, girls
    my age can't even take that much." She smiled.
        "Ok, Samantha, it's your turn, how would you like to do it?",
I asked.
        "The same way as Cindy, only I'm going to take all of it!" She
grinned
    at Cindy.  She moved over to the couch, and laid down, on her
back. Her tits
    moved up and down as she breathed. She hung her head over the side
of the
    couch, and took hold of my cock, pulling it to her lips.
        Once there, she wet her lips with her tongue, and pulled my
cock into
    her open mouth. I could feel her tongue, smearing spittle aroung
my cock,
    as she released my cock, and reached around to my ass. Then her
tongue
    stopped, and the pressure on my ass started to increase. She
slowly pulled
    at me until my cock reached the opening to her throat.
        She hesitated now, sloshing more spittle and readying herself
to hold her
    breath. With each rise and fall of her chest, her beautiful tits
swayed a
    bit. I couldn't resist, I had to feel them. So I reached down to
those firm
    mounds, and squeezed them gently with my hand.
        Samantha responded with a pull at my ass. My cock, now at the
opening of
    her throat, popped past the opening, and pushed into her throat. I
looked
    down at her throat to see the bulge move down her throat. She made
it to
    Cindy's mark and pulled me harder. Her throat was swollen all the
way down
    into her chest. I looked at my cock, to see that there was only
another
    couple of inches, before my balls would be in her eyes.
        The pressure on my ass continued, and my cock went deeper into
Samantha's
    throat. And then, it was in. Samantha, a 12 year old girl, was the
first
    girl to ever take me all the way in. Unbeleivable. She pulled at
my ass,
    signalling she wanted me to back out. So I did.
        Cindy, hung her head. She knew she was beaten. Samantha, tears
in her
    eyes, smiled.
        "Well, girls, seems Samantha wins. So You'll be first,
Samantha." I
    started, "Here's how we'll do it. I'll lie on my back and you will
sit down
    on my cock. That way, you'll be in control of how fast we go."
        The girls agreed, and I went over to the sleeping bag on the
floor, and
    laid down.
        "Samantha, get one of those rubbers, and put it on me." I told
her.
        Samantha went to the table and got one of the rubbers. She
moved over to
    my cock, and opened the wrapper on the rubber.
        "I don't know how to put it on." she said.
        "Just lay it acrossed the head and roll it down over my cock"
        She put the rubber on the head of my cock, and rolled it down
over my
    cock.
        "Now climb on top of me and place the head of my penis against
the
    opening of your pussy. Then sit down on it slowly until it stops.
It should
    be against your hymen then. This is what will hurt, when you push
my cock
    against it to break it. You may bleed a little as well. Take your
time and
    take as much of me inside you as you can. The start riding it, up
and
    down." I explained to Samantha.
        Samantha strattled my body, and positioned herself above my
cock. She
    reached down with one hand and positioned my cock against the
opening of
    her virginal pussy. First, sliding it up and down her moist slit,
getting
    it all lubed with her juices, then she placed it against the tight
virginal
    hole. She then pushed down onto my cock. It resisted a bit, so she
applied
    more pressure, until her tight hole, gave way to my intruding
cock.
        Samantha jerked. My cock popped back out of her pussy. The
intrusion
    must have taken her by surprize. She recovered quickly. She
reached down
    once again and pointed my cock in the right direction. She pushed
down
    onto my cock once again. Her pussy resisted once again. This time
she
    slowly increased the pressure until her pussy started opening up
to
    receive my cock. She kept the pressure steady while her pussy
opened up
    until my cock started pushing past her pussy lips and into her
pussy. Once
    the head was completely in, I felt her hymen push against the tip
of my
    swollen cock.
        She stopped ther to acustom her pussy to the massive invasion.
After a
    moment or two, she applied pressure again, pushing my cock hard
against
    her hymen.
        "This is it, Samantha. Once we cross this barrier, you will no
longer
    be a virgin. Take me in slowly and let your pussy accustom itself
to my
    cock." I said.
        Samantha increased her pressure until I could feel her hymen
giving
    way. Suddenly I broke through, and my cock sunk about 3 inches
into her
    tight, and I mean tight pussy. She stopped there. I could see
tears in her
    eyes. Slowly she backed out an inch or two and then she pushed it
back in.
    She kept this up, taking more of me with each stroke. Her tears
were
    drying up now, and she seemed to be getting more and more
accustomed to my
    cock. She was taking about 5 inches of me now, and she didn't seem
to be
    taking anymore just yet.
        It didn't matter, I was ready to explode!
        "Samantha, hold on a moment, or I'll start cumming again." I
pleaded.
        Samantha stopped her motion, with my cock inside of her. I
reached down
    and placed my hands under her tight little ass, to lend some
support.
        I had a hard time for a few seconds, holding back, with her
tight
    pussy muscles, massaging my cock, as they stretched to accomadate
it's
    massiveness. But I managed.
        Once I regained control, I pushed up on her ass signaling my
    readyness. Samantha got the hint, and started riding up and down
on my
    cock. After a few moments, and after she had nearly 7 inches of my
pumping
    in and out of her tight hole, I could feel her pussy juices
starting to
    flow. Samantha looked down at me and looked directly into my eyes.
I could
    see the ectasy rising in her eyes. She was nearing her orgasm, and
it
    looked like it was going to be a powerful one. Her body started
quivering,
    and her pussy started milking my cock. She pumped faster now, and
I could
    feel the boiling liquids of my own starting to fill my balls, and
await
    their release, which wasn't far away.
        Suddenly Cindy spoke up.
        "Are you going to cum now?" she asked me.
        I couldn't answer, so I nodded my head yes.
        "I want you to cum in my mouth so I can drink it!" she begged.
        There was no way I was going to pull out of Samantha now to
cum in
    Cindy's mouth. It will have to wait. Just as that thought went
through my
    head, Samantha pushed down harder then ever before and sunk my
whole cock
    inside of her tight womb. Her head flew back and her body was
racked with
    spasms. I started cumming. Her pussy muscles milked every drop out
of me.
    Samantha's orgasm lasted longer then mine did, and she finally
laid down
    on my chest, with my cock withering inside of her.
        "I need to pull out before the rubber starts to loosen up on
my
    softening cock." I said to Samantha. She rolled off of me and lay
resting
    on her back beside me. I looked down at her no longer virginal
pussy.
    There were a few spots of blood, but hardly noticable.
        I pulled the rubber gently off of my cock, and turned to
Samantha.
        "You deserve to have this." I told her as I turned the rubber
to her
    partly opened mouth and started emptying the contents into her
mouth. As
    she felt the first drop enter her mouth, she opened her mouth
wider, to
    catch all of it. Once I had the rubber empty, she took it from me
and
    milked a few more drops into her mouth, and licked the inside of
it with
    her tongue. She didn't want to waste a drop.
        My cock was starting to grow again. Just watching the
enthusiastic way
    she cleaned the cum out of that rubber, got me excited once again.
        "Well, Samantha, what do you think of fucking now. Did you
enjoy that
    as much as you appeared to enjoy it?" I inquired.
        "That was wonderful. I never knew it could feel so good. Can
we do it
    again?" She replied.
        "Not right now. First, Cindy, I'm sure, would like her turn at
losing
    her virginity. Besides, she wants to have a drink of my cum. " I
told
    Samantha.
        I turned to Cindy," Are you ready, Cindy?"
        "Yes!" she almost shouted. Then she grabbed a rubber off of
the table
    and moved over to my side. She opened the package and pushed the
rubber
    over my swelling cock. It went on a little easier then it did last
time.
    My cock was growing quickly as I thought of entering her even
smaller
    pussy. By the time she had strattled me, I was rock solid again,
and ready
    for more. I usually wasn't able to go at it immediatly after I
came, but
    these adolescent girls did something to me. I felt like I could do
this
    all night.
        Cindy rubbed her slit with the head of my cock, until her lips
parted
    to allow me entry to her tight little virginal pussy. She placed
my cock
    against her virginal opening, and pushed it up against the
opening. She
    then released my cock, and using her hands for support, she
lowered her
    self against her hairless pussy. She was already quite wet, and
the head
    of my cock slowly pushed its way into her tight hole. Slowly, ever
so
    slowly, she lowered herself more and more, until my cock met her
hymen.
        She stopped there. The head of my cock felt like it was going
to be
    squeezed to death. It was a bit painful for me. Boy was she tight.
after a
    moment or two, she loosened up a bit and her juices made things a
bit
    easier. She pushed down against me again, pushing my cock harder
and
    harder against her hymen.
        "Well, Cindy, here goes your virginity." I said.
        She looked down at me and pressed harder down against me until
her
    hymen could no longer take the pressure, and started ripping
apart. Cindy
    was playing it smart. She lightened the pressure as she felt the
hymen
    starting to give way, and when it did give way, she stopped again.
I
    looked up to see tears running down her cheeks. I looked down at
her
    hairless pussy, with my cock stretching it wide open, and could
see a
    small stream of blood running down my cock. She looked me straight
in the
    eye, and pushed herself further down onto my cock. Slowly she
pushed.
    Then, when about 3 inches were inside of her, she pulled herself
up an
    inch or two, then pushed back down onto my cock. She did this for
a moment
    or two, until her pussy loosened up enough, and lubricated itself
enough
    to lessen the pain Cindy was enduring.
        Then she started pushing down further onto my cock with each
stroke.
    She was starting to feel the pleasure more then the pain now, and
I
    could tell. She started moving up and down a bit faster, and
further down
    onto my cock. Soon she had nearly 6 inches of me inside of her,
and we had
    reached bottom. To go deeper, would mean pressing up into her
womb. She
    wasn't ready for that just yet.
        Soon I could feel her pussy tightening up and starting to milk
my cock.
    Her hands grabbed onto the sleeping bag, and her body started to
quiver.
    This was too much for me, My balls were ready to explode as well.
She
    came, in a torrent, her body racked with multiple spasms. She must
ahve
    came several times. I felt like I was as well. The sperm swelled
up and
    pushed its way throught it tubes til it reached the last muscle
before it
    shot out. I held it there as long as I could, until I could no
longer
    control it. It shot out with a mighty fury. I could feel it
expanding the
    rubber I wore, filling the tip and stretching it to accomidate the
    abundance of sperm filling it up.
        Finally, Spent, Cindy rolled off of me and reached over to
take the
    rubber off of my now shriveling cock. She carefully pulled it off,
making
    sure she didn't loose a single drop of my sperm. Then she layed
back on
    the sleeping bag next to me, and started pouring the contents of
the
    rubber into her mouth, swallowing it as fast as she poured it in.
There
    must have been nearly a quarter of a cup of the sticky white
fluid. She
    smiled when she was through cleaning it out.
        "Mmmm, That was good" she said and put the rubber with the
other one.
        "What, the fuck, or the cum?" I asked her.
        "Both" she replied.
        I was about worn out now, but Samantha was anxious to
continue.
        "What's next?" she asked.
        "A rest, first," I said, "Then there is one more thing I want
to show
    you girls. This one will be up to you two. I want to fuck you in
your
    asses."
        They looked at each other. Both of them looked unsure of this.
        "If you don't want too try it, that's fine. The choice is
yours." I
    told them. " and if you want to try, but change your mind, that's
ok as
    well. I will say that it will be pretty uncomfortable, but I do
plan to
    take steps to make it as comfortable as possible. Once you get
accustomed
    to it, you may like it, or maybe not. But you'll never know,
unless you
    try."
        Samantha spoke up first, " I want to try it."
        "Me too." said Cindy.
        "Ok, here is what I want you to do first then.  The two of you
take a
    shower, together. In the shower, I want you to clean each others
assholes
    with soap. Soap it up good, and slip your fingers, in and out of
each
    other assholes. Start with one finger and work your way up to four
    fingers. This will give you two a feeling of what it will feel
like. If
    you decide you don't like it, then we'll pass it up. At the same
time,
    this will clean your ass out, so I won't be fucking your shit." I
said.
        The girls smiled at this, and headed into the bathroom. I
decided to
    follow and watch them. They turned on the water, and climbed into
the
    shower. Samantha grabbed the bar of soap, and started soaping up
Cindy.
    She started with her shoulders, Cindy facing her, and worked her
way down
    Cindy's chest. When she reached Cindy's adolescent tits, she
circled the
    nipples and soaped them up real good, massaging them. Cindy's
nipple's
    started to harden from the attention. Samantha then moved down to
Cindy's
    stomach, and lower to her hairless little pussy. She soaped it up
real
    good, and started playing with Cindy's clitorus. Cindy started
humping
    Samantha's hand, squirming back and forth. Samantha started to
move her
    fingers to Cindy's pussy hole, and slipped two fingers in real
quick.
    Cindy went crazy, and started riding Samantha's fingers.
        Samantha pulled her fingers out of Cindy's pussy, and slid
them
    through her legs, and up to Cindy's asshole. With her other hand,
Samantha
    soaped up again, and slid her newly soaped hand between Cindy's
legs,
    pulling her other hand back out. She soaped up Cindy's asshole
with the
    fresh soap. Then she slipped a finger into Cindy's asshole.
Cindy's
    reflex's took over and she tightened her asshole, and Samantha's
finger
    was forced back out of the tight little brown hole.
        Samantha turned Cindy around, and told her to bend over. Cindy
    complied, putting her hands on the wall and bending her torso
downwards,
    exposing her tiny ass to Samantha. Samantha then made up a bunch
of suds
    with her hands, and started soaping up Cindy's asshole some more.
When she
    was satisfied, she again slipped a finger into the tight hole.
This time
    Cindy was ready, and Samantha's finger pushed deeper into Cindy's
virgin
    asshole. Samantha slowly started finger fucking Cindy's asshole,
slipping
    her finger in and out of the tight little hole. Cindy, beginning
to feel
    the pleasure, started pushing onto Samantha's hand wanting more
inside her
    back door.
         Realizing that Cindy was beginning to enjoy the finger in her
butt,
    she slipped another into the tight hole. Cindy gasped, but kept on
pushing
    against Samantha's fingers. Samantha slipped another finger into
Cindy's
    tight ass. Cindy stopped pushing now and waited. Samantha slowly
worked
    her fingers in and out of Cindy's asshole, loosing it up more and
more
    with each plunge. Cindy, becoming more accustomed to the
intrusion,
    started humping Samantha's hand once more. Soon she was really
getting
    into it. Samantha, seeing this, decided it was her turn now. So
she pulled
    her fingers out of Cindy's asshole, and told Cindy it was her turn
now.
        Cindy turned around, and faced Samantha. She took the bar of
soap from
    Samantha and suds her hands real good. She started massaging and
lathering
    Samantha's tits, flicking her nipples from time to time.
Samantha's
    nipple's were starting to come to attention. As they started
hardening,
    Cindy worked her way down Samanth's stomach to her lightly haired
pussy.
    When she reached Samantha's clitorus, she hesitated, and flicked
it a
    few times. Samantha reacted by reaching down and pressing Cindy's
hand
    hard against her clit. Cindy pulled her soapy hand away and told
Samantha
    to turn around. Samantha did, and bent herself over, placing her
ass for
    Cindy to invade. Cindy soaped up her hands again and spread the
soap
    around Samantha's asshole. When it was well soaped up, Cindy
slipped a
    finger into Samantha's tight brown hole.
        Samantha tensed, the muscles of her asshole tightened. Cindy
fought to
    keep her finger inside, and finally won. When Samantha grew
accustomed
    to Cindy's finger, she relaxed her asshole slowly. Cindy, sensing
    this, started slipping her finger in and out of Samantha's
asshole. Soon
    Samantha started getting intot being fingerfucked in her asshole,
and
    started humping back onto Cindy's finger.
        Cindy, seeing this, slipped another finger into Samantha's
asshole.
    Samantha didn't miss a beat. She kept right on humping Cindy's
finger.
    Cindy, slipped in a third finger. Samantha noticed, for a moment,
then
    kept right on humping Cindy's hand.  Cindy finger fucked
Samantha's
    asshole for a few minutes, and slipped in her fourth finger.
Samantha
    stopped cold. Cindy slowly worked her fingers in and out of
Samantha's
    Streched asshole, until Samantha finally got comfortable with it.
Then she
    slipped her fingers out of Samantha's asshole.
        The girls climbed out of the shower, dried themselves off, and
    returned to the living room.
        "We're ready!", said Samantha.
        "Are you both sure you still want to do this?", I asked.
        "Yes", they almost said in unison.
        "Ok, Both of you, get on your hands and knees, side by side. I
want
    you to be able to kiss each other while I'm fucking your
assholes." I told
    them.
        They got down, onto the floor, and got into position. Both
girls had
    tight little asses, but Cindy's was much smaller. In this
position, I
    could see that both girls had, indeed, loosened up their assholes.
So I
    got another rubber, and slipped it over my raging hardon. I looked
at
    those tight assholes, so clean and virginal, and tried to decide
who'd be
    first to feel my huge hard-on driven up inside of her ass first. I
grabbed
    some lubrication, and lubed up Samantha's ass first. Slipping a
finger
    then two up inside, easily. Looks like they did what I asked.
         Then I poured some lube over Cindy's asshole, and lubed her
asshole
    up as well. I slipped two fingers easily into her asshole as well.
Looks
    like they're ready. I took my raging hardon, and placed it against
Cindy's
    asshole first. When she felt my cock between her cheeks, she
reached back
    with both hands, placing her head on the bed, and spread her ass
cheeks
    wide apart.
         My cock pushed against the tight opening, harder and harder
until I
    could feel it start to give way. As I felt her asshole giving way,
I eased
    up on the pressure, to enter her slowly. Cindy wasn't going for
it, she
    wanted it inside of her. She pressed hard against my cock, driving
a full
    5 inches of it inside of her. She froze. Tears started forming in
her
    eyes. She never expected this much pain. She fough the tears, and
stayed
    still for several seconds. Finally I could feel her moving, ever
so slowly
    at first, but sliding me in and out more and more with each slow
painful
    stroke. I poured more lube onto my cock as it slid out, and made
it a bit
    easier on her.
        "Are you alright, Cindy?", I asked. She nodded her head, yes,
not
    able to speak with out screaming. She moved back and forth on my
cock,
    never going any deeper, but trying to accustom her ass to the
invasion.
    The friction on my cock, was making my balls boil. I could feel
the sperm,
    readying itself for it's journey. I was doing everything I could
to hold
    back. This felt better then anything Iv'e ever felt. My cock must
have
    grown another inch, from the blood I pumped into it. After several
moments
    of fighting to control my orgasm, Cindy started moving much more
freely
    then before, her ass finally streached out enough to not hurt.
        I told Samantha to eat Cindy's pussy while I fucked Cindy's
    ass. Samantha climbed under Cindy, and put her mouth up to Cindy's
    pussy. As she licked and flicked Cindy's Clitorus, and I started
fucking
    Cindy's ass, pushing my cock deeper with each stroke. Cindy's body
started
    convusing under the waves of orgasm she finally reached. My balls
exploded,
    sending my white hot sticky sperm out of my cock, and into my
rubber. I
    could feel each shot come out. And there were a lot of them, one
right
    after another. Cindy's body soon went limp, as I pulled my
softening cock
    out of her loose asshole. When my cock finally came out, her
asshole stayed
    open. She'll remember this assfuck for a few days, when her shit
falls out
    of her asshole, instead of slowly being muscled out.
        I pulled the rubber off of my cock, and asked Cindy, if she
was thirsty.
    She nodded her head yes, and rolled onto her back. I emptied the
contents
    of the rubber into her mouth, and onto her outstreached tongue.
When I was
    finished empting the rubber, She swallowed every drop, savoring
the taste
    as she swallowed it, little by little. When she was done, I could
feel my
    cock, rising once more. I was wondering if I would be able to get
it back
    up after that fuck. I was getting pretty worn out. But the sight
of her
    young tongue licking up my cum, got me ready for more.
        I told Samantha to get on her hands and knees, legs spread
wide.
    She got onto her hands and knees, spread her legs wide as she
could and
    looked back at me. I rolled another rubber onto my cock, and
grabbed some
    lube and lubed up Samantha's asshole. I worked the lube around her
    asshole, then slipped a finger inside of her. It went in fairly
easily, so
    I pulled it out and added 2 more fingers, and slid them up her
asshole.
    They met resistance, but finally gave way. Samantha jerked as my
fingers
    entered her ass. I worked them around until she was accustomed to
them.
    Finally I pulled my fingers out of her ass, and put the head of my
cock
    against the tight opening of her asshole.
        I told her to push against my cock, until it enters her ass,
then push
    onto it as far as she could. This way, she had control of the
entry,
    instead of me, and could go at her own pace.
        She pushed back against my cock, until the head pushed it's
way past
    the tight opening, and into her asshole. She stopped momentarily,
as she
    accustomed her asshole to the intrusion, then pushed further onto
my cock.
    I was getting antsy, and pushed into her as she pushed back. Soon
nearly 6
    inches of my cock was inside her ass. The walls of her tight
asshole
    squeezed my cock hard, as it started massaging it. I pulled back
and
    plunged my cock back into her asshole. Samantha held still while I
started
    pumping my cock in and out of her asshole. Cindy climbed
underneath
    Samantha and started eating her pussy, flicking her clit, while
fingering
    her pussy with 4 of her fingers. Samantha went crazy, pushing
harder
    against Cindy's face, and my cock at the same time. She was taking
nearly
    8 inches of my cock into her asshole with every stroke.
        Harder and faster I pumped into her asshole. Cindy was now
feeding her
    whole fist into Samantha's pussy, fist fucking it. Samantha
reached her
    orgasm real quick, her body quivering from the waves of sexual
pleasure as
    they swept over her time and time again. My peak was nearing as
well. I
    drove my cock deeper into her ass as I felt the waves of orgasm
run over
    me. Soon I was spent, and pulled my cock out of Samantha's asshole
about
    the same time Cindy pulled out of her pussy. Samantha rolled onto
her back
    and layed on the bag, exhausted, with a big smile on her face. She
    motioned for me to give her the rubber off of my shriveling cock,
and I
    did. She played with the sperm, in the tip for a second or two,
then
    turned it to her outstreched tongue. There she poured every drop
of my
    sperm onto her tonge, and let it run down her tongue, and into her
waiting
    mouth. When the rubber was empty, she twirled the sperm around her
mouth
    with her tongue, and swallowed every drop.
    Spent and beat we all three laid on the makeshift bed and rested.

    And this was only a beginning....



-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-


Feel free to send me your thoughts on this story. 
Flames will be ignored...





