Archive-name: Family/samrhon3.txt
Archive-author: Dastardly Dave
Archive-title: Sam and Rhonda - 3


               Adventures in Sexual Education
       
Chapter 10 - Arrival At Last

The automatic gate swung open slowly, obeying the command
sent from the remote in my hand.  No one else realized we had
arrived, since they were all asleep.  I noticed Tia begin to
stir as we rounded the first curve in the mile-long driveway.  
She was resting on one of the small side couches mounted in
my RV.  

After their spankings and the excitement of meeting Janice,
the kids were all pretty wasted.  Tabitha and Janice had
finished their shower, then lay down and whispered and
giggled for a while, then they both dropped off.  Rhonda was
already dozing and it wasn't long before Tia and the twins
were gone too.

In the rearview mirror I could see Tia on the right side
couch and the twins were spooned on the left.  Tony had his
arm around Tonya and his hand grasped her breast gently.  
Tonya's hands were tucked between her legs, and as we
traveled, I could occasionally catch glimpses of a soft grin
on her pixie face; no doubt from dreams enhanced by her
twin's closeness and the friction of her hands on her pretty
little cunt from the road vibration.

Now, as Tia began to awaken, she dropped one foot to the
floor and partly sat up, looking around sleepily.  

"Where are we, Sam?" she asked, rubbing her eyes and looking
even younger than she was.  

"Almost there, baby." I replied, watching her dainty little
pussy lips flutter as she moved.  I could see her puffy slit
open slightly as she scooted upright, her tiny clit winking
at me pinkly.  She scrambled forward to look out the front
window just as we turned the last curve and started down the
hill to my "cabin".

Tia gasped audibly as she looked down on the place where her
sexual education would take place.  The afternoon sun glinted
from the Olympic-Sized pool behind the cabin, a twelve
bedroom house on three levels.  The lake glimmered below the
cabin and my cabin cruiser rocked gently at the dock.

"Stop, Sam, stop!" Tia exclaimed. "This is SO great, I've got
to wake everyone up to see it too!"

I tolerantly slowed to a stop as she spun around and ran back
through the RV, shouting at the top of her lungs.  She
slapped Tony on his butt as she passed and jumped on the bed
with Janice and Tabitha.  As the two girls popped up, I
noticed they quickly removed their hands from each others
crotches.  Well, it looked like Tabitha had started Janice's
education a bit early.

Rhonda came out of the pullman style sleep compartment and
came forward, the kids almost knocking her over in their rush
to see what all the shouting was about.

"Oh, my God, Sam!" Rhonda exclaimed.  "This ain't no cabin,
it's a mansion!"  The kids were jammed in the front, pushing
and elbowing for room at the window.  Tabitha and Janice were
next to me.  While the other kids were entranced by the
sights, she turned so one of her soft, lovely, budding
breasts was right at my lips.  Her tongue was extended
slightly as she waited for my reaction.  I snaked out my
tongue and encircled her rigid nipple just once; looked into
her eyes and smiled, then let off the brake, starting a slow
roll on down the hill, shouting for the kids to sit back
down.  Which of course, they didn't; but they did clear
enough room for me to drive safely, by crowding next to
Rhonda in the passenger seat.  She had Tia on one knee, Tony
on the other with his twin in turn on his knee.  Her hand was
in his lap, I noticed, curling his sparse pubic hair with a
finger absently.  

I had constructed a short promontory beside the cabin just
for the RV.  It allowed the cargo door on the RV to end up
right next to the door leading to the bedrooms on the top
level.  I eased into the slot, shut down the engine and
double set the brake.  The kids were shouting for me to
unlock the door so they could explore.  As soon as I had the
key inserted, my hand was knocked away and the key turned.  I
ducked back out the door to avoid being crushed by the
stampede of shouting, happy, naked kids.  I looked up into
the amused expression on Rhonda's face.  

"Don't look at me," she said with a smile, "You asked for
this."  I shook my head with a grin and we went in to see how
much destruction they had caused in the first few minutes.  

The second level of the house was made up of just an enormous
greatroom and part of the shower/toilet/dressing room that
opened on the pool.  I was grateful to see that all the
children had done was open the doors to the six bedrooms on
the first level as they passed, then made a beeline for the
pool.  As we came off the stairs, I saw the lithe figure of
Janice, springing from the diving board, the sunlight
glistening in golden drops on her delectable developing body.

The greatroom had three cushioned conversation centers; one
by the fireplace, one overlooking the pool, and the last
with a beautiful view of the lake past the end of the pool.  
I collapsed in the one by the pool and Rhonda joined me,
snuggling in next to me and we watched the kids play for a
while.

Rhonda and I went over our education plan one more time.  I
had asked her to define the limits of what she wanted the
kids to have the opportunity to experience.  She told me to
leave it up to each one.  We would give them a complete
survey of sexual practices and allow them to experiment as
they wished.  

"I've always felt that what we did in the barn really helped
me," she said, "It didn't keep me from getting pregnant or
choosing an asshole for a first husband, but it did keep me
from being turned off on sex after what he did to me and the
kids.  I want my kids to understand everything about sex so
they can't be taken advantage of later."

"Well, this is certainly a nicer place to learn than that old
barn," I commented.

"I don't know about that," she replied, thinking back fondly,
"That barn is my all-time favorite place.  I'll never forget
that first night with Cindy, or ESPECIALLY the next night." 

CHAPTER 11 - FUN WITH LITTLE CINDY

Cindy had followed me once and discovered my secret place in
the barn.  We had ended up with me tonguing her little
hairless twat till she came in my mouth and her sucking my
cock, then she slid her virgin cunt back and forth on my
dick till I creamed all over our bellies.  She wanted me to
fuck her, but I wanted to wait and teach her other things
before I pierced her hymen and flooded her hot little pussy
with my juice.

The next week, I was going to the coke machine when I ran
into her.  She looked around, grabbed my hand and drew me
into a storage room.  She stood on tiptoe, stretching her
thin, pubescent frame up to the limit of its 4'4" length and
kissed me breathlessly.  This lovely child, blooming with
supposed innocence, slid her darting tongue deeply into my
mouth.  Then she dropped back and gazed up at me.

"Here, feel this!" she exclaimed, "I've been playing with my
pussy all day thinking about you.  Let's meet at the barn
tonight, OK?"  She took my hand and slid it down the front of
her shorts.  She had no panties on and the crotch of her
shorts was soaked with her hot fluids.  I slipped a finger
into her slit and felt her swollen clitoris jump as I brushed
it.  She moaned and sagged against me.  I reached further
down and allowed the tips of two fingers to violate her
virgin hole.  As I opened her cunt, more of her spendings
came flooding out, soaking my hand in her juice.  I lingered
till it appeared she was building to another orgasm, then
drew my hand back out.  Her spendings coated my hand.  I
stuck my fingers into my mouth and licked off her come.  
Delicious!

"AAAAWWWWWWW, why'd you stop?" she sighed softly, "It was
feeling soooooooooo gooooooooood!"

"Didn't want to wear it out before tonight, baby.  Now, don't
play with your pussy any more today, OK?  Save it for
tonight.  Think about what all we'll be doing, but don't
touch your cunt, OK?  It'll be worth the wait, I promise."

"Oh, I'm getting more horny just thinking about it.  See ya
at seven in the barn," Cindy said, and with another
tonsil-washing kiss she bolted out to do whatever it is
12-year-old girls do on a summer's afternoon.

I had forgotten I was on dishwashing duty in my dorm that
night, so as I hurried to the barn I was fervently hoping she
was still there.  I was half an hour late.

Before I slipped through the door, I looked around carefully
to be sure I had not been followed.  That's how Cindy had
found my secret place.  Cindy had worked out pretty good,
fortunately; in fact, fantastically; but I still had to be
careful.

As I entered the hidden tunnel in the hay, I noticed that the
lights were on, but seemed dimmer than usual.  I came around
the last corner in the zig-zag tunnel and was greeted with
the sight of Cindy laid out naked before me.  She was on her
back, slightly propped up, with her knees up and her legs
spread wide.  The light was dimmed by her shirt being thrown
over the shade.  She had arranged the shirt so that the
entire room was in semidarkness, except for her body, which
was softly spotlighted.

She smiled at the look of rapture on my face as I stared at
her body.  Her budding breasts lay flat against her ribcage,
except for the nipples which stood proudly, begging to be
kissed.  My eyes continued down to her concave stomach, three
soft valleys ending in a palmful of puffy, hairless, virgin
pussy wetly shining in the light.

My little sixth-grade darling had brought a dark blue
comforter to lie on and the contrast of the dark against her
tanned skin and blonde hair framing her heart-shaped face
made this vision so erotic I felt my cock spring to absolute
hardness faster than I had ever experienced.  I was frozen in
place.  I would be there still if Cindy had not spoken and
broke me from my trance.

"I haven't touched it since you did," she said, spreading her
pussylips with her hands, "Please lick my pussy now!"

I dropped to my knees in front of her and covered her little
mound with my mouth.  It was so small I could keep it covered
and still slide my tongue down to her cunt.  I dipped it in
and lapped, then ran the tip up and around her clit, not
quite touching it.  She arched her back, bucking her groin
into my face.  For several repetitions I would circle her
clit three times, then swipe my tongue roughly across her
clit.  Her breath was ragged before long, her gasps coming in
time with the swipes across her clit.  I was afraid she
needed oxygen, so I gave her three long slides on the clit
with the flat of my tongue so she could take some deep
breaths.

I pushed her knees to her chest, curling her body almost to a
ball, then with my tongue extended and rigid, rocked her back
and forth.  My tongue was stationary as I rocked from her
puckered back door all the way up to her clit.  It didn't
take much of this to drive her to the point of no return.  
She started a high-pitched keening as I laved her nether
regions, then began to buck against me again as her orgasm
started.  I immediately started lashing her clit with my
tongue until she was well into her climax, then dropped down
to plunge my tongue as deeply as possible into her spasming
cunt.  She clenched my tongue with her pussy, seeming to draw
it in even deeper as her hot juices flowed around it into my
mouth.

I withdrew my girl-cum-soaked tongue and positioned it at her
anal ring.  Pressing against it, my tongue began to part the
folds leading to her bowels.  Still in the midst of her long
climax, Cindy ground her behind against my face as I
tonguefucked her relaxing asshole.

As her come bottomed out, I slowly let her curled body uncurl
and relax, fluids bubbling out of her cunt as her legs
dropped down.  I moved up beside her and slid my arm behind
her head, rolling her over to cuddle as she recovered.

As her breathing came back to normal, Cindy hugged me tight
and darted kisses all over my face, ending up with her soft
babyfat lips crushed against mine.  She ran her pointed
little tongue in to duel with mine, then pulled back and
said, "Oh thank you so much for making me feel soooooooo
gooooood, Sam.  Since you showed me how to play with my
pussy, I've been doing it every day.  But it's never as good
as when you lick my little clitty.  And when you stuck your
tongue up my behind I thought I was going to DIE!  Now it's
my turn to make you feel good."  With that, she rolled me
over on my back and slipped her hand inside my pants,
gripping my cock.  My briefs were already soaked with precum,
so her hand slid up and down my dick nicely.

Still gripping my tool with one hand, she scrambled around
and used the other to unbuckle my belt and loosen my jeans.  
Then she used both hands to draw my pants and shorts down and
off, taking my tennis shoes with them.  Cindy reached down
and picked up my soggy shorts.

"Boy, you sure must be excited.  Look at this!"  Her fingers
were dabbling in the globs of precum in my shorts, stringing
it out till the strands snapped.  She scooped up the globs
and licked them off her fingers.  "Mmmmmmmmm, that's so good.  
But now I want some fresh!"  Her head dropped down and she
engulfed my pole in her mouth, bobbing her head to draw out
the juice.  I pulled her hair back from her face so I could
see her lips stretched around my cock, as she licked down the
shaft and tongued my scrotum.  I arched my back when she took
the sac and contents into her little mouth and hummed, her
tongue flicking back and forth as though she was playing
tennis with my balls.

Cindy let my ballsac slip from her lips, then rolled me back
as I had done her.  I felt a tiny finger encircle my asshole
as she explored.  Then her tongue reached out tentatively and
touched the puckered opening, causing a reflex clenching.  
She giggled and did it again.  The reaction was the same.  
Her laughter rang out as she made a game of teasing my
backdoor with her tongue, finally plunging it in as far as
she could, tonguefucking my ass as repayment due.  My
sphincter slowly relaxed until she was pushing a good two
inches into my bowels.  

During her oral activities one hand continued to slide up and
down my cock.  Then she moved back up to my dick, kissed the
head and looked up at me.  "I want to taste your stuff this
time," she said, "You drank my juice and I want to drink
yours."

Actually, I would have preferred that she continue to tongue
my ass a while longer (or so I thought), but the opportunity
to see my hot sperm fill this darling child's mouth was too
much to resist.  But I thought I had better warn her.

"Baby, I'm so horny, there's going to be an awful lot of it.  
Don't try to take so much you get choked."  Once, after
several hours of sex play, I had come so much down a girl's
throat that she had gagged.

Cindy surrounded the glans of my dick and flicked her tongue
across it, then started a long, slow rhythm up and down the
shaft.  She flattened her tongue against the underside and as
she reached the top of each stroke, swirled it around the
head.  I felt the familiar boiling sensation in my balls and
knew it wouldn't be long before I blasted my jism into the
back of her preteen throat.  I began to pound my cock into
her mouth.

"Oh, yes, yes, I'm close honey.  Do it.  Suck me!" I cried.

She sped up her strokes and then I felt her hand drop down
and a finger worm it's way into my saliva-lubricated asshole.  
This was all it took.  I arched completely off the mattress
as the first blast of come splashed into her mouth.  She
looked surprised for a moment, then swallowed mightily and
plunged down again, sucking hard and swallowing continuously.  
I pumped gob after gob of my spunk into her mouth and only a
small bit escaped around her lips clamped tightly on my
spasming cock.  I finally collapsed as she let her finger
slip from my ass and lifted her head, sitting back with a
satisfied smirk on her face, drops of my come clinging to her
lips.  I pulled her to me and kissed her, tasting my come on
her sweet lips and tongue.

My darling little twelve year old lover snuggled her face
into my neck and softly said, "That was wonderful, but next
time I want the real thing.  I want you to stick your dick
in my little cunt and fuck me till I can't see straight!"
 
CHAPTER TWELVE - Class is in Session

While I was daydreaming about Cindy, Rhonda had gotten up to
fix some cokes for the kids.  I continued to watch the naked
children playing in the pool.  Tony had his twin on his
shoulders and Janice was mounted on Tabitha.  They were
dueling, trying to unseat each others riders.  Little Tia sat
across the pool from me and had her knees drawn to her chest.  
Her tiny slick pussy gleamed at me, giving me the start of a
boner.  I stared at her puffy slit until she noticed.  She
blushed and buried her face in her hands.

I grinned continued to gaze at Tia's hairless split and
noticed that she was watching me through her fingers.  
Slowly, she opened her legs slightly so I could get a better
look at her sweet treasure and looked off to the right as
though she didn't realize I was still watching.  Ah, but I
saw her straining to look out of the corner of her eye to see
if she still held my attention.  When she confirmed my
interest, her thighs parted a bit more and her bald mound
opened slightly to reveal soft, pink flesh.

Suddenly her legs clamped shut, her eyes widened and she
slipped into the pool as though something had spooked her.  
Rhonda appeared at my shoulder and handed me a coke from a
tray she was carrying.  She went out beside the pool and
distributed the drinks to the kids, then returned to my side
after telling the children to get the RV unloaded as soon as
they had finished their sodas.

The youngsters took their drinks and dropped into lounge
chairs by the window.  Janice and Tabitha took chairs facing
the window and sat with their heads together, giggling as
they whispered to each other.  I examined their cunts through
the window; Tabitha's covered with a soft downy fur and
Janice's still bare except for a curly wisp at the top of her
slit.  As the two girls talked, Janice began to spread and
close her legs slightly in time to the beat of the music
coming from the stereo Tony had found and activated.  Her
little pussy flapped in time, revealing her virgin hole and
teasing her audience with brief views of the tip of her clit.

Tia's little show and the unconscious eroticism of Janice's
display had given me a raging hardon.  Rhonda noticed and
reached over to grasp and massage it.

"Poor baby, all this sweet little pussy is driving you wild,
isn't it."

"You know it, baby," I responded.

"Well, after the kids unload the RV, we can get started by
letting them watch us make love, then ask questions after,"
she said.

"Sounds good to me."
 
The kids had almost finished their drinks when we saw Tony
get up with some ice in his hand.  He went over to Janice and
Tabitha and shook his hand so the ice water would spray their
naked forms.  The girls screamed and retaliated by throwing
their ice at him.  He dropped his hand into Janice's crotch
and pressed the ice to her pussy.  She squealed and clamped
her thighs tightly, trapping his hand, then flapped them wide
to get away from the freezing sensation on her nether parts.  
Tony pulled his hand away and dropped the ice, then returned
his fingers to Janice's pretty little twat and rubbed
vigorously.

"There! That ought to warm it up," he laughed.

"Humph! Is that the best you can do?" she said saucily,
tossing her hair and pushing her cuntlips against his
fingers.

"We'll see about THAT later," the young boy replied.

Rhonda went out to the pool area and clapped her hands for
attention.  "Alright, now get the RV unloaded and your things
put away.  Your education begins as soon as you are all
finished!"

The kids all stopped and looked at each other with grins.  
They couldn't wait to get started!  With screams of delight,
they bounded off, jostling each other and playing grabass.  
Shouts filled the cabin and small disagreements broke out
over who would sleep where, but in a surprisingly short time,
the youngsters were all reassembled by the fireplace where I
had started a small blaze to ward off the evening chill on
our naked bodies.

I had designed this conversation center carefully.  
Extra-wide couches were arranged in a circle around the fire,
and the medium-pile carpet had an extra layer of padding,
creating almost a pillow effect.  I told the kids to make
themselves comfortable and Rhonda and I would be out shortly.  

I went into the master bedroom and found Rhonda donning a
garterbelt and nylons.  As she pulled her dress up to fasten
them, I saw she had on lacy pale blue panties so sheer her
bush was clearly outlined.  I knew she was eagerly
anticipating what was to come from the small wet spot that
had appeared on the panties in the center of her being.  She
always was a juicy one!

I took her by the hand and felt a small tremble.  I squeezed
her fingers reassuringly and led her out.  The only light now
came from the fire and a set of small recessed lights in the
ceiling, softly illuminating the relaxing children as they
lolled on the sectional sofa.  Rhonda watched them with a
soft smile as I set up the stereo with soft music.

We entered and arranged the kids on the two wings while
Rhonda and I sat down across the back of the sectional.

"Okay, kids, it's time to start your education.  We could
spend a lot of time in describing and explaining about sex,
but Rhonda and I have decided the best thing to do is to make
love and let you observe.  When we are finished, you can ask
questions and try whatever you would like to try," I told
them.

With that, we stood and I took Rhonda into my arms and kissed
her.  She hugged me tight as our tongues entwined.  We kissed
for several minutes and I would catch glimpses of the
children watching eagerly.  I ran my hands up and down
Rhonda's back, pausing to cup her gorgeous buns and running
my fingers into her cleft.  She moaned as I slowly pulled
down the zipper to her dress.  She moved back and allowed the
straps to fall off her shoulders, then let the dress slide to
her feet, stepping out deftly.  There was an audible gasp
from the audience as her half-cup bra came into view, and
another when her panties, garterbelt and hose appeared.

She unbuttoned my shirt and pulled it off my shoulders,
letting it fall as she bent down to lick and suck on my
nipples.  My palms kneaded her breasts, molding and mauling
the glorious mounds.  I cupped my fingers and pulled the cups
off her tits, rolling her nipples in my fingers.  I glanced
to the side and saw Tabitha was imitating my actions with her
own little nipples, tongue clenched prettily between her
teeth.  She looked into my eyes and licked her lips as I took
one of her mother's nipples between my teeth and nibbled
gently.

I turned to give the other nipple the same treatment and
could see Tony and Tonya.  Tony was also aping my movements
by pinching his twin's nipples as she played with his.  I
reached behind their mother and unhooked the bra, allowing
her tits to spring free.  I brought them together so I could
gnaw on both at once.  Meanwhile, Rhonda had been busy
loosening my belt and unbuttoning my pants.

She slowly dropped to her knees, kissing my chest as she
went.  Then she slowly lowered my pants to my feet, my
straining erection apparent in my jockey shorts.  As I
stepped out of my pants, she buried her face in my groin and
pulled down my underwear so the head of my cock peeped out.  
The girls all came closer to see, but Rhonda immediately
covered it with her mouth.  She continued to lower my shorts,
taking my dick in her mouth as it was revealed.  Finally, she
had my shorts off but the kids had not seen my tool for it
was completely buried in Rhonda's hot clenching mouth.

The kids came even closer as Rhonda slowly revealed my prick.  
Tabitha and Janice both moaned softly as it slid slowly out,
the girth and length both obviously more than either had
anticipated.  I drew Rhonda back to her feet and kissed her
again as my prick bounced against her panty-clad cunt.  I
kissed my way down her body, then leaned back and began to
unsnap her garters.  Tony became especially interested at
this point and leaned close to observe as I rolled the hose
down her well-formed gams.

Then, inch by inch, I slowly pulled down her panties,
uncovering her bush first, then the top of her slit, then the
tip of her clit and finally the whole of her vulva.  The
children had drawn quiet to see what came next.

Now completely nude, Rhonda and I sank to the padded floor
side by side, slowly running our hands up and down each
other's bodies.  I rolled her to her back, and beginning at
her neck kissed my way down her body, pausing to lave her
nipples again.  I reached her valley of delight and kissed
her mound hotly.  I pushed her legs back till they touched
her chest, then spread them wide.  The petals of her pussy
unfolded, revealing her hot, moist inner being.  

The interested youngsters crowded close as I ran my fingers
up and down the hot, red crease.  I spread her lips and sank
two fingers into her grasping hole.  I could hear the kids
breathing quicken with excitement as I leaned forward and
placed my mouth on Rhonda's cunt, running my tongue around
her clit, then sinking it deep into her pussy.

Tabitha put her head right next to mine as I ate her mother's
cunt, breathing deeply through her nose to capture the
intoxicating scents.  She looked at me with glassy eyes, then
whispered in my ear, "I want you to do that to ME!"  I
nodded and continued my ministrations on her mom's dripping
hole.

Rhonda pushed me back till I was lying on the floor, then
reversed and straddled my head, bringing her cunt down hard
on my mouth.  I felt her playing with my cock, jacking it up
and down and hefting my balls as the girls gazed intently.  
Then she leaned forward and engulfed my dick into her hot
mouth, sinking it to the hilt in one swift movement.  I
moaned into her cunt as I flicked her clit back and forth and
tonguefucked her cunt and wrinkled back door.  

My neck was in a strain, so I dropped it back and turned my
head from side to side.  I saw Tia squatting above me, so I
asked her to get a throw pillow from the couch.  She grabbed
one and shoved it under my head, squatting again with her
legs spread.  I saw her tiny hairless pussy was reddened, and
then I saw why.  After she positioned my pillow, she dropped
her hand to her puffy little vulva and began rubbing it
slowly.  The unformed folds of her labia glistened wetly as
she stimulated herself.  I smiled at her, licked my lips and
went back to the job at hand, or rather the job at tongue, so
to speak.

Rhonda's hot cunt opened for me as I slipped my tongue in
again and her juices flowed down my face.  She drew my cock
from her mouth and ran her tongue around and around the head,
causing my legs to spasm in pleasure.  I felt a presence and
noticed Tony had laid on the floor with his head next to mine
so he could better observe my eating of his mom's pussy.  Tia
joined him on the floor.

I relaxed my head back and slipped two fingers into the hot
hole above me.  Tia moaned softly as my fingers sank into the
flesh.  I added another finger, then another, until I had all
five fingers deep into their mother's body.  Rhonda shivered
and I felt her fluids gushing as she orgasmed on my hand.  I
smeared the slick juice around her puckered asshole and
slipped a finger into her bowels.  She came again and again,
until she could stand no more and rolled off me, leaving my
turgid cock waving in the breeze.  We both lay back to catch
our breaths.

As I lay resting with my eyes closed, I felt fluttering
fingers on my dick.  I looked up to see Tabitha, Janice and
Tonya, each with a finger touching my cock.  When one would
touch it, it would jump in response.  The girls all thought
this was hilarious and giggled prettily.  Tabitha drew a drop
of precum from the tip and played with it, the setting sun
reflecting on the strands through the window.  Then she
looked at me with a smile and put her fingers in her mouth,
tasting my juice.  She seemed to enjoy the flavor.  She
reached to my cock for another load, spread her legs and
smeared the slick stuff on her clit, sighing with pleasure.  
As I watched her fingers rub her little nubbin, I realized
this beautiful child was ripe for fucking and I was looking
forward to popping her cherry just as I had her mother's so
long ago.

Still rubbing her clit, Tabitha looked over at her mother and
asked, "Mom, did it hurt much the first time you 'did it'?"
The lovely child obviously wanted something in her virgin
pussy, but was scared at the same time.

Rhonda reached for her and put her arm around her, hugging
her close.  "Don't worry, darling, it's not so bad,
especially if you have someone who loves you and cares for
you as your first lover," she replied.  "Sam was my first and
he made it wonderful!  A girl named Cindy and I both gave him
our virginity the same night and it was a warm, loving
experience neither of us will ever forget!  Remember, Sam?"

"Oh, yes, how could I ever forget that?  We introduced a lot
of kids to sex, but that was one of the highlights of my
life.  Oh yes, I remember..."

CHAPTER THIRTEEN - A NIGHT TO REMEMBER

After the night I spanked Rhonda, ate her pussy and
buttfucked her, she and Cindy had become friends.  Cindy had
figured out who I was meeting that night and had shared our
experiences with her.  Both the little darlings had some
sexual experience now, but both were still virgins.  They
decided that it was time to get fucked for real and wanted to
do it together, so they made a plan.

I was sitting on the front steps of my dorm when the girls
found me.  It was a lazy summer afternoon and most of the
other kids were off playing or at the movie matinee downtown.  
Cindy and Rhonda had both dressed in short skirts and sat
down across from me on the steps.  They looked around to make
sure no one could see, then spread their legs so I could see
up their skirts.  Two hairless pussies winked at me.  They
giggled as they saw the reaction of my cock, which sprang to
attention at the sight.

"What's th' matter, Sam?  Your cocky need some lovin'?" Cindy
teased as I shifted to make my hardness more comfortable in
my shorts.

"It sure does," I replied as I gazed at the little slits
peeking from under their miniskirts.  "Y'all want to go to
the barn?"

"Nope, not yet," Rhonda replied.  "Wait till tonight.  Cindy
and I have got something special planned for you.  Don't come
down there till eight o'clock, ok?"

I agreed and after treating me to a few more minutes of the
sight of their bald cunts, the girls decided they had teased
me enough and went off to make preparations for the evening
of fun.  About seven o'clock I was looking out my bedroom
window and saw them walking toward the old barn.  I wondered
why they were going so early and almost followed them, but I
had agreed to wait, so I did, albeit anxiously.

As the appointed hour neared, I made my way to the barn,
checking as always to make sure no one followed.  When I
started taking the haybales that covered the entrance out of
the way, I heard a whisper.

"Sam, is that you?"

"Yeah!"

"Well, wait just a minute."

I heard sounds of movement and scuffling noises, then "OK,
come on in!"

I traversed the tunnel and found the girls standing in the
center of the room.  They came to me and kissed me, taking
turns sliding their tongues down my throat.  My hands roamed
their nubile young bodies as we kissed.  Finally, we broke
apart and they started undressing me.

"We've got a show planned for you, but you have to be naked,"
Cindy said.

"Yeah, but you can't touch your cock, OK?" Rhonda said.  "Now
lie back over here and enjoy the show."

With that, I made myself comfortable as the girls put on a
tape with a heavy bass beat and started to dance.  They were
dressed alike, both with buttoned shirts and miniskirts.  
They bumped and ground for me in their interpretation of a
strip-tease, each girl slowly unbuttoning the shirt of the
other, leaving the garments on even when all the buttons were
undone.  The tails of the shirts flapped as they danced,
giving me brief glimpses of their pubescent breasts.

Then Cindy stood facing me as Rhonda went behind her and
slowly drew the shirt off Cindy's shoulders as she leaned
back to make her nipples stand out even further.  Then Rhonda
knelt behind her and slowly edged the hem of Cindy's skirt
higher and higher, till her frilly pink panties were
revealed.  I saw that the crotch was soaked, so I knew the
girls had been up to something before I arrived.  Rhonda
unbuttoned the miniskirt and slipped it down to the floor.

Then Rhonda took Cindy's place in front and was undressed to
her soaked frilly yellow panties as well.  My cock was
rampant and I longed to pay it some attention, but a deal is
a deal, so I refrained and just groaned at the sight of these
two little nearly nude beauties.

I was surprised when the two kids started a slow dance,
kissing each other as they danced.  Their hands fluttered
over each other's bodies, tickling, teasing and stimulating.  
Finally, Rhonda kissed her way down to Cindy's soft breasts
and sucked each one in turn, then dropped to her knees and
buried her face in Cindy's crotch.  She snagged the child's
panties with her teeth and drew them down a little, then
licked the newly exposed area.  Then down a bit more and
licked that. I was so hot I could hardly stand it.  When
Cindy's hairless slit was uncovered, Rhonda slid her tongue
into the crack and pulled the panties the rest of the way
down and off with her hands.  Cindy's legs were quivering and
her back was arched as her friend licked at her clit and
cunt.

"Oh, yes. oh, yes, oh, God, oh, yes, oooooooooooooh," Cindy
cried as the pretty 13 year old ate her pussy.  "Eat me, eat
my pussy, oh yes, make me come again!"

"Again?" I thought, as the child entered her orgasm with her
friend's tongue up her twat.  "What have these two been up
to?"

Rhonda gripped Cindy around the buttocks to keep her from
falling as her knees weakened with her climax, finally
slipping to the floor with her slit still filled with
little-girl tongue.  Leaving the child quivering on the floor
in her afterglow, Rhonda came over to me and kissed me.  I
could taste the flavor of Cindy's cum on her lips and tongue.  
She lay on top of me, still in her panties, and I ran my hand
in the back and caressed her glorious asscheeks, squeezing
the soft mounds as she ground her pantied pussy on my cock.

After a few minutes, Cindy was recovered enough to join us on
the mattress, scootching under my right arm as Rhonda rolled
off me to snuggle under my other arm.  As I enjoyed the feel
of their naked flesh against mine, I felt little fingers
playing with my cock.  Cindy leaned over to whisper in my
ear.

"Are you ready, Sam?  Are you ready to slide your hard cock
up into my tight little pussy and break my cherry?  Hmmm?  Do
you want to fuck me, Sam?  We want you to pop my cherry
first, then fuck Rhonda, too!  While we were waiting, she
sucked my cunt till I came, then you saw me come again, so my
little pussy should be good and slick for you.  But please be
gentle, Sam.  Don't hurt me more than you have to,"  Cindy
said all in a rush, breathlessly.

"Don't worry, baby.  I'm going to let you control it all the
way.  You can go as fast or slow as you want to.  You're
going to love having my stiff cock shoved into your pretty
little snatch.  I want you to come all over my dick while
it's inside your cunt, babydoll."

The two little darlings sat up and I told Cindy to get on top
of me and rub her clit on my cock like she had done before.  
She straddled my waist, spread her tiny cuntlips and pushed
her clit down on my dick.  Rhonda bent down to watch, lying
her head on my stomach.  I could feel her hot breath on the
head of my rod as Cindy rubbed her virgin pussy back and
forth, moaning softly.

"Oh, I'm going to get fucked, gonna get fucked, gonna get
fucked," she chanted. "Gonna fuck this dick so good, ohhhh,
gonna fuck, gonna fuck, gotta FUCK!"

She raised her little cunt off my dick and Rhonda grabbed it,
holding it so Cindy could position herself over it.  I felt
Rhonda move the head back and forth in Cindy's slick pussy to
lubricate it, then position the head right at the entrance to
her cunt.  I reached up and grasped her budding breasts as
she eased down on my cock.  I felt the head slip past the
ring of flesh at the entrance.  The little darling's eyes
widened as her cunt was stretched for the first time.  I
pinched her hardened nipples as she sank a little farther
until the head was pressing against her maidenhead.  She
winced as she felt it stretching.

Rhonda had moved back a bit to watch and I ran my hands
between her legs.  She glanced back at me and grinned,
spreading her legs to give my fingers access to her slit.  I
dipped a finger into her cum-soaked pussy, then moved it back
to her asshole, letting it slip into her bowels to the second
knuckle.  She wiggled her ass on my hand and bent forward so
her face was only inches from Cindy's cock-stuffed hole.

Cindy moved up and down, trying to stretch her hymen further,
whimpering in frustration.  Rhonda moved closer and snaked
out her tongue to stroke Cindy's distended clit.  Cindy
bounced a little harder, almost crying now as she tried to
break her cherry.

I reached up and grabbed her by the waist and said, "OK,
baby, move up so it's just barely in, then on the count of
three, come down hard on it."

She looked frightened, but did as I said.

"Ready? One... Two... THREE!"

I pulled down on her waist and bucked my hips upward, driving
my shaft through the fleshy barrier, sinking my dick into her
to the hilt.  She was a virgin no more.  She collapsed on me,
sobbing softly from the tearing pain that had shot through
her as her hymen was torn asunder.

"Shhhhhhhh, it's OK darlin', it's over now.  That's the only
pain you'll ever have to experience from loving and it'll be
gone in a minute.  Just lie quietly," I comforted her.

Her tight pussy had my cock in a vise, squeezing it as she
reacted to the pain.  After a few minutes of having her back
stroked and being kissed softly by both Rhonda and me, she
sat back up on my cock, wincing again.  I put my hands on
her hips again and gently moved them in circles.  I could
tell the pain was fading from the enraptured look on her
face as she became aware of the good sensations of being
filled with dick.  On her own, she started moving up and
down, allowing my cock to slip in and out with short strokes,
then a little longer, and longer, until she was fucking me
for all she was worth.  I drove my cock deep into her,
matching her movements to get it in as deeply as possible.

"How does it feel now?" Rhonda asked her excitedly.  "Is it
good? Was it worth the pain?"

"Oh, oh, oh, yes, yes, yes, It's soooooooooooo gooooooooood!"
she replied passionately.  "I wish I had done it sooner!  Oh
Sam, FUCK ME, FUCK ME, FILL MY HOT PUSSY, MAKE ME
CUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!"  

With that I felt her hot little-girl pussy clenching on my
dick as she began to cum.  I speeded up the driving of my
dick into her, pounding her ravaged cunt as her girl-juice
flowed.

"Oh God, oh God, oh God, I'm still
cuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmiiiiiiinnnnnnnngggggggg!
Ssssssssooooooooooo gggggoooooooooooooddddddd!  Yes, yes,
fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, oh, oh, oh,
FFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCKKKKKK MMMMMMMMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!"

I could feel her little pussy clenching my dick as she came
again, squeezing it in spasms.  That was all it took for me.  
I could feel by balls churning and felt the tingle that told
me I would soon be filling her up with my boiling juice.

"OH, YEAH, BABY, I'M GONNA FILL YOUR PUSSY!  It's coming, oh
yes, your pussy is sooooo tight and hot!  Here it comes,
baby, oh, oh, oh yes, I'm
CUUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGG!!!"

Cindy dropped her hot little cunt down on my dick and rocked
back and forth as jet after jet of hot cum blasted into her
belly, overflowing her cunt and frothing out of her hole,
tinged pink with her virgin blood.  As our orgasms subsided,
she collapsed on my chest, my rod still buried in her cunt.

"Oh thank you, Sam, thank you, thank you, thank you.  That
was so wonderful!  I loved it!  Finally getting fucked is so
good.  I want to do it again!"

"Now wait just a cotton-pickin' minute here!" Rhonda
exclaimed with a grin.  "You'll just have to wait your turn.  
I'm gonna get fucked next!"

"Well, you're both going to have to wait.  It takes a little
while for a guy to get it hard again after cuming.  Let's
cuddle for a little bit," I told the two children with a
tired grin.

Cindy slowly rolled off me, my softened cock sliding from her
ravaged slit with a soft plop.  As we relaxed in each others
arms, Rhonda told Cindy about how it felt to have a hard cock
shoved into her asshole and said she hoped that getting
fucked in the pussy would be as good.

The girls had planned ahead, so after a while, Rhonda got up
and poured water into a towel they had brought along.  As
Cindy lay in my arms, Rhonda gently cleaned the cum and blood
from her sore little cunt, then used it to wash my cock off
as well.  When she finished, she took my soft dick into her
mouth and sucked gently, soon bringing it back to a stand.

Cindy and I watched the beautiful child suck my dick like a
lollipop, running her tongue around the head, then engulfing
me deep into her throat.  She crawled up on me, reached down
and placed my hard cock between her legs, gripping my cock
with the folds of her virgin pussy.  She kissed me deeply,
then looked into my eyes and said, "I want you to fuck my
pussy.  I want you to control when it happens.  I want you to
pop my cherry and shove your meat into my belly.  I want you
to make me scream when you make a woman out of me.  C'mon,
big boy, fuck the shit out of me!  I'll do anything you want
me to."

"OK, then.  I want you to get on your hands and knees and put
that beautiful ass in the air.  I'm going to fuck you dog
style!"

When she was positioned I said, "OK now Cindy, I want you to
get in front of her so she can eat your pussy while I'm
fucking her virgin cunt."  Cindy complied with a smile.  I
got behind Rhonda and licked her cunt and asshole, running my
tongue into both and lubricating both with my saliva.  I
slowly ran a finger into her asshole all the way, then fucked
her with it.  I kept my finger in her ass as I positioned
myself behind her.  She was obviously enjoying the
fingerfucking of her asshole from her movements and was
having a ball licking Cindy's recently virgin snatch.  Cindy
was loving the attention being paid to her little hairless
pussy by her friend's tongue.

Rhonda's maidenhead was unusually deep; over two inches
inside her cunt, so I was able to get some nice fingerfucking
action going in both her ass and her pussy.  I replaced the
finger in her asshole with my thumb and could then squeeze it
and the finger in her cunt together, making her buck back
against my hand.  I ran another finger down so it was
brushing her clit and nearly drove the virgin child crazy.  I
quickly replaced the finger in her cunt with my cock, fucking
shallowly so as not to prematurely break her hymen.  I could
feel the head of my cock with the thumb in her asshole
through the separating membrane.

Rhonda was grunting and moaning into Cindy's cunt as I
stimulated her.  I kept up the action with my thumb in her
asshole and bumping the head of my dick against her cherry.  
I had to be careful because the lovely little girl was
anxious to lose her virginity and kept pushing back against
my cock.  But she wanted me to decide when she would lose it
and I wanted it to be a surprise for her.  The shallow
fucking was driving me nuts as well.  

Finally, I pushed the head of my dick against her cherry and
kept it there while i ran long strokes into her ass with my
finger.  Cindy was going wild from Rhonda's tongue action on
her clit.  I saw that Rhonda also had two fingers in her
pussy and was fingerfucking her rapidly, bringing her swiftly
to a climax.

Rhonda started a low moan that rose in pitch to a keening and
I knew she was close to coming.  I started shallow fucking
her again and she went over the edge into orgasm at the same
time as Cindy's cum started to pour from her.  When I was
sure Rhonda was cumming, I drew my cock back and slammed it
into her virgin cunt, tearing away that annoying bit of flesh
that prevents our most wondrous pleasure.  She shrieked
shortly into Cindy's spasming pussy, but I didn't slow down
my thrusts.  I held her by her barely widened hips and drove
my cock into her again and again.  Her brief bout of pain
soon turned to pleasure that was even greater than before.  
Her tight little cunt squeezed my dick for all it was worth
as I pounded into her and her anal ring clenched my pistoning
finger.  I felt her begin another orgasm as Cindy yelled that
she was cumming again.  I could stand no more and shot stream
after stream of sperm into her until I fell back in
exhaustion.  The two little darlings collapsed as well and
crawled around to cuddle with me in the afterglow.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN - THE BEST LAID PLANS

During the telling of my story, Rhonda had slipped between my
legs and took my cock into her mouth, sucking it slowly.  The
kids were all as hot as blazes and were masturbating.  Little
Tia was glassy-eyed as she ran her fingers over her clit, but
couldn't seem to reach a peak.  Tabitha and Janice were
fingerfucking each other and listening closely as I described
the taking of the virginities of Rhonda and Cindy.  When I
finished the tale, they turned to each other and kissed,
hands still fluttering in each other's pussies.

I reached down and drew Rhonda up to my chest.  "OK, kids,
pay attention now if you want to see what making love is
about.  Rhonda and I are going to fuck," I told them.  Rhonda
sat up on me as the kids immediately surrounded us, jostling
each other for a good view.  Rhonda rose up and told Tabitha
to take my cock in her hand and guide it into her pussy.  The
child took the opportunity to jack it several times before
complying, precum covering her hand as she positioned it.  
Rhonda slowly lowered herself and my dick sank into her
dripping hole.  The girls all moaned in envy as I pierced
her.  Tonya had her eyes on the action but I saw that her
hands were busy jacking Tony's young cock.  He watched
intently as well, but occasionally his eyes would roll back
in his head in pleasure.

Tonya was kneeling beside me with one hand on the floor
supporting her weight as she leaned in to watch my cock going
in and out of her mother's cunt, and her other hand was still
playing with her twin's dick.  Janice had ended up in almost
the same position on my other side, except that her elbows
were on the floor and her head was lying on my stomach.  My
view of Rhonda riding up and down on my rod being blocked by
the two sweet things' heads, I entertained myself by reaching
back and sliding a hand down the crack of each girl's ass,
fluttering my fingers lightly.  Air burst from Janice with a
whoosh, her hot breath enveloping my cock as Rhonda rose up
on it.  Tonya just turned her head, smiled at me and spread
her legs to give me better access.

I slid my hands further down, feeling the two teenagers'
slick pussylips.  I dipped a finger in each cunt, then ran
them up to encircle the two little clits.  Tonya's head
dropped down and she grinned at me from under her arm, her
tongue licking her lips as Janice turned her head to kiss and
lick my belly.  I kept my fingers running around and around
their little nubbins as they squirmed in pleasure.  I let my
thumbs slip into the entrances to the unviolated pussies and
swirled them gently, then eased them back to the little brown
wrinkled holes behind and pressed lightly.  The children were
bucking on my fingers now and this made the pressure greater
on their backdoors.  They were loving the first feel of a
man's hand on their pleasure centers.

Tabitha was sitting back on her haunches with her legs spread
and a hand busily frigging her sparsely covered cunt.  Her
mother was watching her as she masturbated, then reached out
and took her other hand, pulling her up to make her stand.  
When the child was erect, her mother placed her hand on her
hip and drew her close, causing her to step over me to stand
spraddled before her mom.  Rhonda sank her hot pussy down on
my cock and leaned in to place a long lick on her eldest
daughter's cunt.  Tabitha squealed as the tongue brushed her
tormented clit, spreading her legs further and leaning back
to give her mom fuller access to her almost hairless slit.  
Rhonda grabbed her hips and pulled her in closer, clamping
her lips on the dripping virgin cunny.  Tabitha tangled her
fingers in her mother's hair and pressed the flickering
tongue tighter against her love button.

Little Tia's eyes widened in wonder as she saw her mother
eating her sister's pussy madly.  She stood up and bent over
to watch closely.  I noticed her glancing at me shyly, then
she turned and came to stand beside my head.  The little 12
year old's eyes were glassy with lust.  She watched as I
fingered Tonya and Janice's little slits, seeing how they
wiggled and squirmed with pleasure.  Finally, as if in a
daze, she put a foot on each side of my head and squatted,
putting her tiny, puffy little slit in front of my face.  

I stared into the child's completely bald vulva, glistening
with her little girl juices.  She looked into my eyes and
softly said, "Please?"

I hesitated only briefly, then nodded.  She moved a little
closer and I snaked out my tongue and cupped her tiny mound,
just running it over the outside.  She whimpered and bounced
on her heels, so I stiffened my taster and slipped it into
her slit, catching her budding clit and flicking it back and
forth.  She moaned and scooted even closer, putting her cunt
right on my mouth.  My tongue dove into her unopened hole,
penetrating all the way to her hymen.  The little 12-year-old
darling whimpered softly as I lashed her hairless cunt with
my tongue, dipping it into her love channel to tonguefuck
her.  Her sweet juices flowed onto my taster and down my
throat.  

My fingers continued to delve into the cracks of Tonya and
Janice.  Both cunts were slick with their virgin emissions,
drenching my hands with their slickness.  I drew my hands
back and extended my index fingers to press up into the
cunts, then back to the wrinkled orifices behind.  I gently
inserted them into their bumholes, fingerfucking the two
girls' asses.  In unison they spread their legs wider to give
better access.  I pressed harder until my fingers were buried
to the base in the children's rectums, then started slowly
stroking them in and out, my other fingers brushing the
protruding clits.

In the meantime, Tony was feeling left out, however good it
felt to have his twin jacking his turgid cock.  He scooted
around so his crotch was in front of his birthmate.  She
immediately took him in her mouth and sucked deeply, running
her tongue around and around the sensitive glans.  He moaned
loudly and put his hands behind her head, holding her so he
could better thrust his dick down her throat.

Rhonda's quim clenched and spasmed on my dick as she
continued to eat her daughter's pussy.  With my rod engulfed
by a burning hole, a prepubscent pussy in my mouth and
fingers sliding in and out of two virgin assholes, I knew the
end was near for me.  I couldn't stand it much longer.  
Rhonda was caught up in the eroticism as well, the pitch of
her keening rising in pitch and volume just as it had done
when I first popped her cherry.  Tabitha's ass was shaking as
she bucked against her mother's tongue and the noise from her
matched the volume and pitch of her mom.  Tony was grunting
as he thrust his cock faster and faster in and out of his
twin's lips.  

Suddenly Tabitha screamed, " Oh, mommy, oh yes mommy, it's
sooooo good, I'm so close, oh yes, oh yes, I'M CUMING, I'M
CUMING, I'MMMMMMMM
CCCUUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMIIIIINNNNNNGGGGG!!!!!"  and hunched
her little twat even harder against the mouth giving her so
much pleasure.

"MMMMMMMMEEEEEEEE TTTTOOOOOOOOOOOOO" yelled Tony, burying his
dick down his twin's throat, blasting her with shot after
shot of hot white juice.  Tonya swallowed quickly, but the
jets were too much and his boyjuice dribbled from her lips as
she continued to bob on his cock.

Little Tia had clenched her fingers in my hair and was riding
my mouth like a pony, sliding her bald quim back and forth
across my mouth as my tongue slapped her clit furiously.  She
was gritting her teeth and keening softly when I realized the
child was starting her first orgasm.  I felt a trickle of
juice enter my mouth that soon turned to a flood of girlcum.  
I drank the sweet juice down.

As Tabitha's orgasm subsided, she started to collapse on me
but her mother held her and let her down gently until she was
sitting on my abdomen and leaning with her head on her mom's
beautiful tits.  Rhonda started riding my cock faster and
faster, nearing her climax as well.

I removed my fingers from Tonya and Janice's bums and
replaced them with my thumbs so I could slip my fingers into
their creases and slide them furiously over their clits.  I
felt the sperm boiling in my balls as it began its trip
northward.  The hot flood of Rhonda's cum flowing around my
dick did it for me.  I felt the head of my cock swell for the
explosion just as both Tonya and Janice sat up and grabbed my
fingers and pressed them harder to their little pussies.  As
my cum blasted from my cock I felt my hands fill with the
spendings of the two delicious girls as they unloaded their
passion in my palms.  The walls of the cabin reverberated
with the sounds of our lovemaking.  This wasn't exactly as
Rhonda and I had planned the evening, but it would do... yes,
it would do very nicely indeed.

We lay in a quivering mass of satiated flesh, arms and legs
akimbo.  I became uncomfortable with Tia sitting on my chest,
Tabitha back to back with her on my belly, her mother's arms
around her with my drained prick still embedded in her nest.  
Tia and her older sister groaned as I rolled them off me, one
to each side.  I added my groan to theirs as Rhonda eased my
dick from her flooded pussy, our cum pouring from her onto my
groin.  She moved to the couch and collapsed on it.

After about ten minutes of enjoying the orgasmic afterglow,
the young bodies around me began to stir.  Rhonda sat up on
the couch and smiled at the looks on the children's faces.  
Tabitha got up and sat down in her mother's lap.

"Mom, I really, really want to get fucked and I want Sam to
do it.  Can I please?  I'm ready and I'm a lot older than you
were when he got your virginity and I want to give him mine.  
Please?" 

Rhonda looked into her eyes for a minute, then looked at me.  
"I can't think of anyone more qualified, darling.  If you are
sure that's what you want then of course you can.  I don't
think you will have much trouble talking Sam into it!"

The beautiful child squealed and hugged her mother, then
sprang up and dashed over to me, planting her lips on mine
and throwing her arms around me.  She kissed me deeply, our
tongues dancing together, then drew back and gazed into my
eyes lovingly and said, "Please?"

I furrowed my brow for a moment as though giving the thought
serious consideration, then replied, "I would be pleased to
please you, honey."

"FANTASTIC!" she shouted. "But first, I'M STARVING! Let's get
something to eat first!"

The room broke up in laughter as the naked youngsters and
Rhonda headed for the kitchen.

--
