Archive-name: Family/samrhon4.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Sam and Rhonda - 4


This story is Volume 4 of a story which is fictionalized.  If
you are offended by graphic depictions of teen and pre-teen
sex, DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!  If, however, you enjoy such
fantasies, sit back and enjoy.  This only the fourth
installment.  Later volumes will include Sam and Rhonda's
adventures at the orphanage, their adventures while apart,
and their adventures after they found each other again.


CHAPTER FIFTEEN - TABITHA AND TONYA'S GLORIOUS GIFTS

After Tabitha's announcement that she intended to give me her
virginity, Rhonda and the kids went off to the kitchen for
prepare dinner for the 'starving' youngsters.  I could hear
pots and pans banging around and their discussion and
eventual decision to make spaghetti.  I went out to the pool
and slipped in, floating on my back and relaxing.  Things
were working out rather well, I thought.  Rhonda and I still
had not told the kids that the cabin was to be their new
home.  Rhonda was enrolled in a local community college for
interior design classes and they were to occupy my cabin
while she was in school.  I had bought Rhonda's house and was
having it restored, planning to sell it back to her after her
business got off the ground.  We had arranged for a moving
company to come in and pack up all their belongings and
deliver them to the cabin.  We had two days before they were
due to arrive.  Surprising the kids with this was going to be
fun, since they obviously loved the cabin.

We had not turned on the lights in the pool area and as I
floated in the dark I thought about Tabitha.  This lovely
child was honoring me with the gift of her maidenhead.  I
thought about all the virgins we had deflowered when Rhonda
and I were at the orphanage...

Rhonda, Cindy and I had met several more times for love
sessions at our secret place.  They were both becoming
accomplished lovers, learning to use the muscles in their
cute little twats to milk the juice from my dick.  It was a
dream come true for me to have two delicious cunts at my
disposal.

About a week after they lost their cherries, Rhonda and Cindy
came into the secret place with excitement in their eyes.               
They said they had something to tell me.

"Sam, you know the Richards sisters, don't you?  Lisa, Dottie
and Violet?" Cindy asked.

"Sure, Dottie and Lisa are dolls, but Violet is a real
BITCH!" I responded.  Lisa had just turned ten, Dottie was
close to thirteen and Violet was a sour fourteen.  Their
mother had died of alcoholism and their father was a lowlife
who didn't care what happened to his children, so they came
to the orphanage to live.  Something bad must have happened
to Violet because I had never met a person with as nasty a
personality as she.  Just saying Hi to her was enough to make
her lash out.  I avoided her like the plague.  The sad part
was that she was a beautiful girl with fantastic eyes and a
lovely heart-shaped face.

"Well, let me tell you what happened last night.  Rhonda and
I were in her room, right next to Dottie and Lisa's room.  We
had the lights out and were just sitting at the window
looking at the full moon when we heard something.  The window
in their room is right next to Rhonda's and they had the
window up.  We strained to hear what was going on but
couldn't, so we snuck down the hall and slipped out through
the balcony doors.  We were careful to be quiet, so we got
to the window without them knowing and peeked in.  It was
great!  Lisa was lying on the bed by the window, naked with
her legs spread.  Dottie was between her legs eating her
little pussy!"

My ears really perked up at this revelation.  Dottie had long
ash-blond hair and a well-developing body I had lusted after.           
I was pleased to learn she was sexually active.

"But now listen to this!  She licked her little sisters slit
for a while, then reached over and picked up a long white
thing.  It wasn't very big around, but it was long and had a
rounded end.  She rolled Lisa's legs back so they were on
each side of her head.  That moved her pussy up into the
moonlight and we could see her bald cunt shining with juice.            
Then Dottie started sliding the thing into her little pussy.            
Lisa moaned softly and spread ler thin legs wider, putting
her hands nehind her knees to hold them spread.  Then Dottie
really gave her little snatch a fucking with that thing!"

"Wow," I said. "Somebody's already popped that little girl's
cherry if she can take a dildo like that.  I wonder who?"

"I don't know," said Rhonda, "But it could have been Dottie
with that dildo thing.  What is a dildo, anyway?"

"It's a fake cock girls use to fuck themselves and each
other.  Some are rubber and some are plastic.  They even have
dildos that have batteries in them and vibrate when you turn
them on."

"Ooooooooooh, I'd like to have one of those!" Rhonda said
breathlessly. "It sounds like FUN!"

"Me, too!" exclaimed Cindy, dropping her hand in her pants to
frig her little twat.

"But you haven't heard the best part, yet," Rhonda said.                
"Dottie shoved the dildo in her sister's pussy faster and
faster and little Lisa was whimpering as she got fucked.                
Then she bent down and licked her clit.  Lisa started to cum,
so Dottie slowed down and made long, slow strokes into her
pussy.  That dildo must have been eight inches long and
Dottie was shoving it almost all the way into her.  Lisa
grabbed a pillow and covered her face to muffle the sound of
her screaming as she came."

"We had become so interested in the action that we forgot to
be careful.  Our heads were completely visible above the
frame as we watched.  Suddenly, Dottie looked up and saw us.            
She gasped loudly and looked terrified at being seen, but I
put my finger to my lips to shush her.  I knew she was afraid
we would tell on her and Lisa, so I made Cindy stand up and
pull up her nightgown.  I looked in the window at Dottie,
then turned and licked Cindy's cunt.  That let Dottie know we
were into eating pussy too, so she wouldn't be scared."

"Then this morning, after breakfast, me and Cindy were on the
porch in the swing when Dottie came out," Rhonda continued,
"She came over and sat between us but didn't say anything.  I
guess she was embarrassed at us seeing her eating her little
sister's pussy.  After a while, she whispered, "You won't
tell anyone, will you?" And of course we said "No!""

Cindy jumped in, saying "Then we told her that we had a
private place to play with each other and that it was too
dangerous to be doing sex stuff in the dorms.  Some of the
houseparents are sneaky!  She said she would talk to Violet
and Lisa about it.  We asked her if Violet liked to play too,
and she nodded but said not exactly the way we did."

I liked the idea of having more cunts to play with, but was
worried about more people knowing about the barn.  I didn't
want to take a chance on losing it.  The girls said they
would figure out a way to protect the secret before they
brought the sisters down, so I agreed.  It was almost 2:00
and that's when the pool opened on Saturday, so we all left
to enjoy ourselves.  It was really too hot in the barn in the
middle of the day for any fun anyway.

When I got to the pool, Lisa, Dottie and a bunch of other
kids were waiting for it to open.  College social
work students would come to work at the orphanage during the
summer, tutoring kids, directing plays and being lifeguards.            
The one on duty today, David, was late and when he arrived
the kids all gave him a hard time about it.  He just laughed
and opened the gate, yelling for the group not to run and to
shower before getting in.

For some reason, the showers were always ice-cold and I
enjoyed hearing the little girls squeal as they drenched
themselves.  I got wet, then immediately dove into the water.           
I saw Dottie come out of the showerroom and slip into the
water at the shallow end of the pool.  I worked my way toward
her, admiring the way her long, blonde tresses contrasted
with her tanned shoulders.  Finally, she moved deeper, till
the water was up to her neck.  Her back was turned to me, so
I slipped under the water and swam toward her, grasping her
ankles and throwing her into the air.  She came up
sputtering.

"Alright, you, now you're in for it!" she shouted and sprang
at me, throwing her arms around my head and trying to dunk
me.  I was a lot stronger than she and just stood still.  Her
nubile breasts were almost in my face as she clung to me.               
Then she wrapped her legs around my waist and leaned back to
try to get more leverage to pull me under.  I took the
opportunity to put a hand on each globe of her ass.  Her eyes
widened, but she didn't pull away, just kept trying to dunk
me, with no luck.

I saw her glance behind me, then released her arms from
around my neck, lying flat on the water with her legs still
gripping my middle.  Suddenly, my feet were pulled backward
and I fell forward.  Lisa had come up behind me to help her
sister, diving under to grab my feet and throw me off
balance.  Dottie didn't let go with her legs, but they
slipped up under my arms as I fell.  I opened my eyes
underwater and saw that her little bikini-covered crotch was
right in front of me, so I grabbed it with my teeth and
pulled, revealing her hairless little slit.

Dottie instantly let go of me and rose to the surface, her
hands pulling her suit back up.  She looked at me slyly as we
shook the water off and softly said, "You better watch that,
bub, you wouldn't want to get caught!"  I just laughed and
grabbed her ten-year-old sister, lifting the little doll over
my head.  She screamed and begged me not to drop her, so I
did, but kept my arms under her so she wouldn't go too far
under.  She came up splashing me to get even and I turned to
get away from the deluge.

Dottie moved behind me and dove underwater.  She grabbed my
trunks and pulled them down, grabbing the cheeks of my butt
and squeezing, then reaching between my legs to brush my
cock, which had sprang to attention when I saw her tiny twat.           
I turned around to face her, then dropped down under the
water with her.  I saw her eyes widen as she saw my dick for
the first time.  She reached out to grasp it, but then had to
come up for air, taking me with her by pulling on my tool.  I
pulled my trunks back up so they wouldn't come off, but left
my cock hanging out for the little blonde to play with.

Lisa came up behind me and climbed on my back as Dottie and I
faced each other.  I reached out and let a hand slide into
her bikini bottoms, my fingers finding her little slit and
sliding down it, brushing her clit.  She sighed.  We enjoyed
fondling each other as Lisa struggled to climb higher,
finally getting her legs over my shoulders and riding me
piggyback.  She used my ears for reins, whooping and
hollering like she was a broncobuster in a rodeo.  Then I
heard a loud gasp from her as she leaned forward.  I realized
that she had looked down and through the shimmering water saw
that Dottie had my dick in her hand and I had my hand in her
pants.

She mewled softly and said, "That looks like fun!"

"It is!" her sister replied.

Lisa watched for a minute, then asked her sister, "Is it
bigger than Jamie's?"

"I think so."

"I wanna play, too," the little darling said huskily and
dropped off my back.  She came around to my side and her
little hand joined her sister's on my shaft.  "Mmmmmm, nice,
it IS bigger than Jamie's!"

"Who's Jamie?" I asked breathlessly as the two children
fondled me.

"Our brother.  He's in reform school," Dottie said as I
fingered her clit vigorously.  "He gets out next month, then
he'll be coming here."

I looked over her shoulder and saw David looking at us
strangely, so I moved apart from the two girls, who looked
disappointed, and tucked my cock back into my trunks "Don't
worry, we can have more fun later.  Just do what Cindy and
Rhonda tell you."

Dottie looked shocked.  "You mean they TOLD you? They
promised!"

"It's OK, I'll explain later."

"Well, OK I guess," she said dubiously.

I climbed out of the pool to try the high-dive, but David
beckoned me over.  "Better keep a cool tool, guy.  I saw what
those kids were doing.  They can get you in a lot of
trouble," he said in a low voice.  "I know they're both sweet
little things, but it ain't worth getting in hot water over."

My face turned red as I realized he had seen the girls
playing with my rod.  I mumbled a response then went to try a
few dives.  Afterwards I spread my towel to lay out for a
while.  I looked over and noticed that Cindy and Rhonda had
the two sisters deep in conversation in the corner of the
pool.  I saw Dottie steal a glance over at me and giggle.               
Cindy obviously suggested something, because the sisters
looked at each other, then nodded vigorously.  The group
climbed from the water and left together.  Ater another hour,
it was getting close to dinnertime, so I dried off and headed
back to my dorm.

Rhonda was waiting for me on the steps with a huge grin on
her face.  She grabbed me by the hand and led me over to the
swing set in the backyard.  We sat on swings and she told me
what happened with the Richards sisters.

The dormparents in the girls dorm were out for the afternoon
and the dorm was deserted.  The girls went into Rhonda's room
to talk.

"OK, where's this special place to play?" Dottie asked as she
flopped on Rhonda's bed.

"It's a secret and we can't tell you till we're sure you
won't tell anyone," Rhonda replied. "It's a really neat place
and it's safe.  Nobody can find it by accident and it's so
private that we never have to worry about getting caught when
we're having fun."

"We won't tell, we promise!  Please tell us," Lisa whined.

Rhonda walked over to her closet and rummaged around, coming
out with a Polaroid camera and a pack of film.  "The only way
we'll tell you is if you take off your clothes and play with
each other and let us take pictures.  Then we'll give them to
the person who built the secret place and if you ever tell,
the pictures will be shown to everyone on campus!  So how
about it?"

The sisters looked at each other silently.  They enjoyed
playing with each other, but they were always afraid of
getting caught.  Finally, Dottie stood up and started
unbuttoning her shirt.

"Wait, I want to get this," Rhonda said and moved in front of
her. "OK, go ahead."

The lovely blonde continued unbuttoning as Rhonda snapped.              
Her shirt fell open to reveal the soft mounds of her
developing breasts, topped by tiny pink nipples that were
distended.  She dropped the shirt and unsnapped her shorts,
letting them drop to her ankles, revealing her frilly pink
little-girl panties.  Rhonda told her to pull them up tight
so her little hairless pussy would be outlined.  Another
masterpiece was snapped.  Then Cindy reached out and pulled
the panties down just below her pussy and told her to spread
her legs so the delicate fabric was bunched and stretched
between her legs.  Another shot.  Cindy lowered the
underthings all the way and pushed the child back on the bed,
grabbing her ankles and spreading them wide.  Her split
opened to reveal her tiny clitoris, but Cindy wasn't
satisfied.  She put a hand on each side of Dottie's pussy and
spread her cuntlips wide, being careful to stay out of the
picture.

Now it was Lisa's turn to strip.  She dropped her shorts and
plain white panties in one swift motion.  She was eager to
get started.  Rhonda continued to snap away as the
ten-year-old spread her own little slit with her fingers, a
big grin on her face as she did.  Rhonda and Cindy were
surprised when the child put two fingers in her mouth, then
jammed them deep inside her hairless pussy, fingerfucking
herself furiously as she lay back on the bed with her legs in
the air.

Dottie dropped to her knees in front of her little sister and
pulled her hand away, replacing it with her mouth, licking
the little clit in long slow strokes.  Rhonda moved to the
side so that both girls were easily identified in the
pictures.  Lisa put her heels on the edge of the bed and her
hands under her little butt and arched upward, creating an
even better picture.

Dottie looked around the room, then got up and went over to
the dresser.  Her sister whined in frustration and put her
hand back to her pussy.  Dottie picked up a hairbrush and
went back to the bed.  She pushed her sister's hand out of
the way again and shoved the tapered handle of the hairbrush
up her cunt as far as it would go.  The little girl sighed as
he tunnel was filled.  Dottie fucked her sister with the
brush handle and occasionally gave her clit a long lick.  The
little girl grabbed a pillow and covered her mouth as she
started to cum.  Dottie pulled out the slimy hairbrush and
clamped her mouth on the dripping hole, lapping up her little
sister's juice.

As Rhonda photographed the scene, Cindy had dropped her
shorts and panties and was masturbating.  When Dottie removed
the hairbrush, Cindy grabbed it and shoved it in her
own pussy, adding her juices to the ten-year-old's spend.

After giving the little girl a few minutes to rest, Rhonda
had Dottie climb up on the bed and straddle her little
sister's head, putting her almost bald pussy within reach of
her sister's tongue.  Rhonda stood on a chair so she could
shoot downward on the scene of the child licking her sister's
cunt.  That way, both girls faces could be seen.

As Rhonda told me about this encounter, my dick got harder
and harder.  I had to squirm on the seat of the swing to
reposition my cock in my shorts.  Then Rhonda looked around
carefully to make sure no one was around, then pulled the
pictures out of her shirt and handed them to me.  I groaned
as I looked at the sexy tableaus and felt precum leaking from
the head of my cock.  I couldn't believe how far little Lisa
had shoved that hairbrush handle up her little cunt!

All I could say as I looked at the last one was "WOW!"

"We had two shots left, so we made some special pictures for
you," Rhonda said with an impish grin. "Here."

I looked at the two pictures and recognized the widely spread
cunts of both Rhonda and Cindy.  Their heads weren't shown,
but I knew those lovely slits well since I had deflowered
them the week before.

"After we got through taking the pictures, we told them that
you were the one who had built the secret place and they were
both glad," Rhonda told me.  "We told them we would take them
there tonight, so meet us there at eight o'clock."

I agreed without hesitation.  It looked like I was going to
add two more to the bevy of beauties in my private little
harem.

Floating on my back and gazing at the stars, my cock was
standing tall as I reminisced on the orphanage days.  I had
not noticed when Janice had slipped into the pool.  She
quietly surfaced next to me and reached out to touch my dick.           
I almost went under in surprise, but quickly regained my
composure as she fondled me.

She played with my rod for a few minutes, then softly said,
"Will it hurt much when you fuck Tabitha?"

"It only hurts once, then it's great forever.  I've taken a
lot of virginities and no one has ever died.  It's kind of
like the first time you get a shot.  You're really scared and
dread it, but when it's over you wonder what all the fuss was
about."

"I'm not sure I want to do it yet."

"That's fine, darlin', nobody is going to pressure you.  We
told you that when we invited you to join us.  The only
things that are required are that you be naked with us and be
spanked if you disobey or are naughty.  Anytime you want to
leave all you have to do is say the word and we'll take you
to the bus station in town and buy you a ticket anywhere you
want to go.  We don't want you to leave and you are welcome
to stay with us for good, but it's your decision."

Tears came to the child's eyes and she kissed me softly.          
"Why are you all being so nice to me?"

"Oh baby, don't cry.  We told you that Rhonda and I grew up
as orphans, so we know what it's like not to have somebody
that cares about you.  Well, we care about you and want you
to be happy.  If you decide to stay with us for good you will
be part of our family.  If you decide that you want to be
part of our family, there are some things I can have my
lawyers do to make it legal, but we'll cross that bridge
later, OK?"

The little girl was really sobbing with happiness now, so I
let my feet touch bottom and took her in my arms to comfort
her.  My cock was still stiff and it slipped between her legs
as I hugged her.  She kissed me again, this time letting her
pointy little tongue slip in to dance with mine.  She clamped
her legs together, trapping my shaft between her legs and
bumped her hips to make it slide back and forth in her slit.            
We kept this up till we heard Rhonda call us to supper.

As we went in, I noticed that the twins were sitting on the
couch with their heads together.  I told them to come on and
when they looked up at me I noticed that they looked really
excited.

We all sat down amid the clatter of dishes and forks as the
hungry children dove into the massive pot of spaghetti.                 
Garlic bread was tossed across the table to each and soon
there was sauce splattered across pubescent breasts and
chests.  The pasta disappeared in no time and as we sat back
with our hunger satisfied, Tony and Tonya looked at each
other and stood up.

"We have an announcement," Tony said. "We think it is
wonderful that Tabitha is going to give her virginity to Sam,
and if it's OK, we want to give ours to each other at the
same time.  Tonya wants me to be her first and I want her to
be mine.  Can we please?"  He put his arm around his twin and
they looked at their mom and me.

Rhonda looked at them seriously, "Are you sure about this?"

"Oh, YES, mom, yes, yes, yes!"

"Well, you're the same age I was, so if I was old enough to
decide for myself then you are too!"

The twins squealed and hugged each other.  Their siblings and
Janice joined them in a group hug, then the girls and Rhonda
disappeared into our bedroom.  I took Tony out to the pool to
talk about it.  He was shivering like a puppy, his eyes
shining brightly in anticipation.

"This is going to be sooooo great!!!"  the youngster gushed.            
"I can't wait!"

"Well, you know you'll have to be gentle, don't you?  If you
don't make it sweet and wonderful for Tonya, it can cause a
lot of problems.  The first time can be painful and cause bad
memories for a girl.  Do you know what happens?"

"Not really."

"There is a flap of tissue that guards the inside of a
virgin's pussy and the first time they make love, this tissue
is torn away.  The younger the girl is, the worse it is.                
Your twin is only 13, so you have to be careful.  You can't
go too fast and just jam your dick in, no matter how much you
want to, OK?"

"I sure don't want to hurt her.  We've played around some and
it's been great, and it was her idea to do it tonight, so I
know she wants to."

"I'm sure she does, but if you go too fast, she may get
frightened and want to stop.  If she changes her mind, that's
OK.  Don't get your feelings hurt, OK?"

"I'll try to make it good for her."

"Just follow my lead with Tabitha.  In fact, why don't we do
the same things at the same time.  Each girl knowing that her
sister is having the same feelings at the same time may make
it easier.  How about it?"

"That's a relief!  I was thinking that I really didn't know
where to start."

"Just do what I do and you'll be fine.  The important part is
to go slowly and let her get really hot.  That gets her
lubricating fluids going inside her and that makes it easier.           
It'll be even better if we can make them cum by licking
their cunts before we fuck them.  It's also important to let
her control when it happens, so she needs to be on top.  That
way she can drop down on you when she's ready.  I hope we can
get them to do it at the same time.  That'll be something
they'll never forget!"

I looked in Tony's lap and saw that he had a fine erection
just thinking about what was to come.  His cock was almost 6"
long and the boy was only 13.  Who knew how big he would
become in time.  It was long, but slender, so I figured Tonya
would have a pretty easy time of it.  I didn't know about
Tabitha.  My cock was a little over 7" and rather wide as
well.  We would just have to see.

I told Tony to go take a shower and put some shorts and a
t-shirt on, and I went to do the same.

When I came out, Tia and Janice were sitting on couches
across from each other in the conversation nook in front of
the fireplace.  The fire had dropped to a soft glow.  Rhonda
had found candles and the area was softly lit with romantic
songs playing on the stereo.  She came over and kissed me,
then told me that she had sort of a ceremony planned, so Tony
and I should wait in front of the fireplace.

Tony came out looking scrubbed, wearing shorts and a tight
t-shirt that showed off his developing muscles.  I put my arm
around his shoulder for moral support.  I could feel him
trembling.

We turned as Rhonda reappeared, dressed in a filmy white
flowing gown, followed by the two girls dressed similarly.              
Rhonda carried a lit candle and each of the lovely children
carried two unlit candles.  Their mother stopped on the
hearth with Tony and me on one side and the two girls stood
facing us.  Tabitha and Tonya handed each of us an unlit
candle.  Rhonda looked like a minister at a wedding, which in
a sense she was.

"Tabitha, Tonya," Rhonda intoned. "My two darling daughters,
I want nothing in this world for you except the utmost in
happiness and love.  I love you both very much, as I love Sam
and Tony, my only son.  You have offered yourselves to these
men I love, to become your first lovers.  You will become
women tonight and know the delight and wonder of being filled
with manhood.  As your mother I am pleased that you have
chosen the man who was my first lover and my son who shared
my womb."

Silent tears of happiness streaked Rhonda's cheeks as she
spoke.  The girls gazed into our eyes.

"The first time a woman makes love should be infused with
warmth and love, and that we surely have here tonight.  Your
passions will burn with flames of desire as this candle burns
in my hand.  Sam and Tony, light your candles from mine."

She extended her candle and we touched the tips of ours to
light them.

Rhonda continued, "As you have ignited your candles from
mine, ignite the candles of my virgin daughters and may you
ignite their passions so that their desire and yearning for
love will burn for all of their days, as hotly and brightly
as the candles that ignite theirs."

The beautiful words from their mother had tears welling up in
the eyes of the two darling girls before us and I heard soft
sniffles coming from Tia and Janice as well.  Tony and I
extended our candles and Tabitha and Tonya lit theirs form
them.

"To illustrate that love combined is love increased, let our
flames join together," Rhonda said as she extended her candle
between us.  "This will show that the sum of the parts is
greater than the parts alone."  The five candle tips met in
the center and a great flame arose, illuminating the girls so
that we could see the charms waiting beneath.

Rhonda placed her candle in a holder on the mantle, then took
ours one by one and placed the there as well.  Then she
walked to the stereo and changed the music.  She returned and
took Tony's and Tonya's hands and joined them, then joined
mine with Tabitha's.  The music rose and I recognised the
song as Rod Stewart's "Tonight's the Night," a very
appropriate selection, I thought.

Rhonda sat down, her ceremony finished.  I took Tabitha in my
arms and started to dance slowly.  Tony followed my lead.           
Tabitha put her arms around my neck and I put my hands on her
hips drawing her close to me.  She sighed and put her head on
my chest as we danced.  My hands dropped down to cup the
cheeks of her lovely ass, squeezing and kneading them as we
moved together.  Tony and Tonya were nearer to the same
height, so when he imitated my movements and pulled his twin
closer, his crotch was grinding into hers with her head on
his shoulder.  His fingers delved into the crack of her ass
as he cupped her asscheeks, causing even more pressure
against her cunt with his cock.

I lifted Tabitha so that her soft cunt was rubbing against my
stiffened rod and she moaned softly into my ear.  She wrapped
her legs around me and humped the length of my shaft.  The
horny child's passion was building quickly as her clit was
stimulated by the friction.  I blew softly into her ear and
she shivered, turning her head to me and kissing me deeply,
our tongues joining the slow dance we were enjoying.  The
twins were engaged in a similar liplock and were so caught up
in it that they had ceased any dancing movements, lost in
their kisses.

I whispered to Tabitha to stand and she dropped her legs
down.  I lowered jmyself to my knees, then lifted the hem of
her billowing silk gown, dropping it over my head.  The light
from the candles shimmered through the diaphanous fabric,
revealing her lovely features to me.  I placed my lips on her
left breast and sucked the nipple softly, almost causing her
knees to give way.  I steadied her and gave the right nipple
the same treatment.  My lips and tongue danced over her,
licking first one erect bud, then the other.  I laved under
the soft curves of her breasts, then kissed the valley
between.

Through the thin material, I saw Tony lower himself to his
knees as well, ending up under his sister's gown.  He suckled
on the soft swell of her developing breasts, drawing the tiny
nipples into his mouth and chewing gently.  She arched her
back in pleasure, putting her hands behind her twin's head
and pressing him to her chest.

My tongue ran in circles down Tabitha's wondrous form,
pausing to explore the depression of her recessed navel.  She
giggled softly as I tickled her tummy with my taster.  I sat
on my haunches and drew her closer, sliding the flat of my
tongue across and around the delicate mound of her vulva.               
Her lovely pussy had developed a downy coating of fine blonde
hair just to each side of her slit.  As I combed the hairs
with my tongue, the child shivered and spread her legs.  She
opened her sex like a flower, tiny folds falling back to
reveal her hooded little clitoris.  I cupped my tongue and
extended it between her legs, drawing it upward until it
brushed the tiny bud.  She keened softly and the hood drew
back.  Her clit became erect and looked like a tiny penis.  I
pursed my lips and sucked the tip of her clit between them,
gently teasing it with my tongue.  She pulled my head in
tighter with her hands and moved against me.

As Tony's tongue reached the valley between his twin sister's
legs, she spread them wide and I could tell that his tongue
was busy between.  His head bobbed as he slid his stiffened
tongue into the depths of his sister's pussy.  She was
moaning as he tonguefucked her virgin cunt.

I lifted Tabitha's gown, came out from under and stood up.  I
nudged Tony's foot with mine, and after another long slow
lick on her pussy, he reappeared with a big smile on his
face.  His lips shined wetly with his twin's juices.  I took
Tabitha's hands and put them on the hem of my t-shirt.  Tony
followed suit with Tonya's hands.  The girls got the idea and
drew our garments off over our heads.  Their hands unbuttoned
our shorts and dropped them to the floor.  Soft gasps escaped
the two virgin darlings as our distended manhoods appeared.

The girls' gowns were closed with pretty pink ribbons and
Tony and I pulled the bows one by one, drawing the sheer
nighties off their shoulders and letting them fall to the
floor in a heap.  We led the two lovelys closer to the
fireplace and lowered them to the floor side-by-side.  We
knelt beside them and ran our hands lightly up and down their
beautiful forms, then bent over and followed our hands with
our lips, starting by kissing them on their foreheads, eyes
chins and lips.

The necks of the two virgin children received our attention
next, drawing a gasp from Tabitha and a low moan from her
younger sister.  Four distended nipples rose proudly before
us and we paid homage with our lips and tongues, working our
way down the glorious valleys between their tits and down on
to the soft swells of their bellies.  Tony and I moved
between the legs of the sweet young things and spread them
wide, lifting their knees to open their centers of womanhood.           
The delicate tissues of their labias unfolded to reveal the
little clitties we had so recently tasted.

We took the hands of the girls and placed them behind their
knees, then directed them gently to spread wider and lift
their knees to their chests, opening their beautiful
unviolated pussies to us.  Tony and I extended our tongues as
we lay between their legs and placed them directly on their
cunts, worming them into their love tunnels as the girls
gasped and writhed in pleasure.

Putting our hands on the backs of their thighs, we began to
rock them gently, so that while keeping our stiffened tongues
stationary, they nonetheless made the sensuous trip from the
hooded virginal clitorises past the entrances to their soon
to be pierced vaginas, back to lave over their wrinkled pink
anuses.

Back and forth, back and forth, back and forth we rocked
them, letting our tongues encircle their clits at one end and
wiggle into their backdoors on the other.  The gorgeous
children moaned steadily as we increased the tempo, faster
and faster licking them from one end to the other, drinking
in the juices that began to flow from them until in a
crescendo of passion they reached their climaxes together,
flooding our lips and tongues with their spend as they
shrieked in ecstasy and collapsed in quivering puddles of
passion.

Tony grinned at me, his face shining wetly with the juices of
his twin's cum as we crawled up beside our darlings to
embrace and cuddle them as they basked in the afterglow of
their massive orgasms.  When the girls had had time to
recover and catch their breaths, Tony and I rolled over,
pulling our love partners on top of us and kissing them.                

The two virgins grew passionate again as they tasted their
cum on our lips and tongues.  Tabitha worked her way down my
body, planting kisses on my chest, nipples and belly until
she was poised with her head above my cock.  Tonya followed
her lead with her twin and immediately engulfed his distended
manhood into her mouth, bobbing her head and running her
tongue around the glans, causing the manchild to groan in
pleasure.  Tabitha waited and slid her hand up and down my
shaft, milking it for precum until it flowed.  She caught it
with her tongue and a shining strand stretched from the head
to her mouth.  Then she sucked me deeply into her throat,
eliciting a similar groan from me as her talented tongue
pressed against the underside.

Tabitha almost caused herself a great disappointment by
catching a glob of precum on her finger, rocking me back as I
had done her and rubbing it on my asshole.  She dropped her
lips back to my rod and engulfed it while worming her finger
into my anus gently.  She hit my sensitive prostate and I
nearly lost it right there.  Only by thinking of snowcapped
mountains covered in ice cubes was I able to stave off a
massive orgasm that could very well have blasted her head
off.

Deciding that the time had come, I felt her head turn
sideways to look at Tonya, then nod.  The girls removed their
mouths from us and climbed up to straddle our middles.                  
Rhonda joined us on the floor and as the girls lifted
themselves, their mother positioned our cocks at the entrance
to their virgin cunts.

The two sisters reached out and joined hands as they felt the
head of a male organ penetrate them for the first time.  My
dick felt the tightness of Tabitha's pussy clenching as the
head entered and stopped against her maidenhead.  I saw Tonya
sink on her twin's prick until her hymen was touched as well.           
The two darlings began lifting themselves off our cocks and
bounced back down, making full use of the space available
without piercing themselves.

They had apparently agreed beforehand to lose their
virginities at the same moment, because I saw them nod to
each other and begin counting softly.  I placed my hands on
Tabitha's hips and Tony did the same with his twin sister.

"One!"

"TWO!"

"THREEEEEEEEEEEE!"  the two girls shrieked as they lifted
themselves for the last time and plunged downward, assisted
by the downward force of our hands on their waists and our
hips bucking upward.  I felt the head of my shaft burst
through Tabitha's hymen with a tearing sensation and plunge
through the slickness of her previous orgasm and imbed itself
against the back wall of her ravaged pussy.  Her face screwed
up in pain as her cherry was torn asunder, as did her little
sister's as her twin burst through her hymen and thrust
himself fully into the depths of her center.

Tony and I held very still so as not to increase the pain
felt by our partners.  Rhonda knelt between us and gave each
of her daughters a shoulder on which to rest her head as she
recovered, crooning softly and stroking their hair.

"Oh my babies, I know it hurts, but it's over now and you are
women," she told them.  "Start moving as soon as you can and
it will help the pain go away.  Then you will be able to have
a cum so much better than you have ever had before, I
promise!"

Tabitha lifted her head and smiled bravely at her mom, the
trails of two tears streaking her face from the sting.  She
winced as she began moving her pussy in small circles on my
cock, but soon a look of wonder appeared on her face as the
pain faded.  "Mom's right, Tonya, it helps to move!"

Tonya brought her head up, tears still streaming from her
eyes.  Rhonda picked up one of the gowns and dried her face
and kissed her softly.  The little girl had trouble screwing
up her courage to move, so her mom put her hands on her hips
and rotated them gently.  Tonya bit her lower lip to keep
from crying out.

Tony was upset.  "Oh sis, I'm sorry it hurts you.  I'm sorry
we decided to do this.  I didn't want to hurt you!"  The
sensitive boy was almost in tears himself.

"Shhhhhh, it's getting better and it only hurts once," his
twin told him.  "It would have hurt the first time no matter
when we did it and I'm glad it's done."  With that, she
bravely lifted herself up so that his dick was almost out of
her, then dropped slowly back down.  "Hey!" she exclaimed "It
does make it better to move!"

Tabitha looked over at her little sister and took her hand in
hers.  "C'mon sis, let's show'em how to ride these studs!"
The two children timed their moves so that their strokes
coincided, bucking up and down on us.

"Oooooooooooo, Sam, this is so, so, so, so, gooooooooooood!"
Tabitha cried.

"Yeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssss!" Tonya added. "It's soooooooooo
gooooooooooooooooooooooooooood to be filled
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuppppppppppppppp!"

The girls put their hands on our chests and bent over,
driving their newly filled holes up and down on our cocks.              
For a while all that was heard in the room was the sound of
heavy breathing and moans from the four of us.  The trauma of
having their hymens penetrated and the work of riding our
dicks furiously had tired the girls and they started to slow
down, so I pulled Tabitha down to my chest and rolled over
with her.  Her arms stretched out above her head as she
relaxed her tuckered muscles and let me take over the work.

Tony tried to follow my lead, but didn't know that you have
to roll over in one smooth motion for it to work and got
stuck on his side.  Rhonda stood over her twins and helped
them get into position.  I pulled Tabitha's legs up and held
her by the heels as I drove my prick in and out of her slick
tunnel.  Tony was flat on his sister's chest and was kissing
her deeply as he bucked his hips, fucking her wildly.

Tonya broke the kiss with a high pitched squeal and
screamed, "OH GOD YES, I'M GONNA CUM, I CAN FEEL IT, IT'S SO
GOOD, SO GOOD, OH, OH, OH, OOOOOHHH YYYYYYEEEEEEESSSSSSS,
IIIIIIIIII'MMMMMMMMMM
CCCCCCUUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMIIIIINNNNNGGGGGGGGGG!"

"Oh yeah, sis, I can feel you cumming.  It's so hot, I can
feel it.  I'm gonna cum too... I'm gonna cum in your sweet
pussy.  Oh thank you sis, it's so good, oh, oh, OH, HERE IT
CUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMSSSSSSSSSSSSS!"  Tony thrust
himself into his twin's snatch even harder as his sperm
flooded into her pussy, draining all his little boy juice
from his balls.  He finally collapsed on his twin's chest,
exhausted.

Tabitha's eyes had rolled back in her head and she had a huge
grin glued to her face as I rammed my tool in and out of her.           
About every fourth stroke she would shriek and shiver as she
came, her cunt muscles squeezing me with each of her multiple
orgasms.  I finally could stand the super tight friction on
my cock no longer and felt the first jet of sperm shoot into
her.

She came back to life beneath me, her eyes looking into mine.           
"Oh Sam, I can feel your cum, it's so hot, so hot, yes, yes
fuck me, fill my pussy with your cum, cum on baby,
FUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKK MMMMMMEEEEEEEEEEEE!"

The darling child reached one last enormous orgasm and
clamped her muscles down on my dick.  I could feel her
vaginal muscles milking the juice from my balls as we came
together.

<Stay tuned for SEX-ED5.ZIP, cumming soon to a bbs near you!>
--
