Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





by:  Big Daddy



The Sandman * (The Sandman shows a father what he could be doing
with his daughter if he doesn't kill himself)

	"So you want to kill yourself?" The Sandman laughed.  "You
stupid, stupid bastard!"

"What do I have to live for?" Roger asked.  "My wife's dead, my
daughter ran away from home three days ago and I just lost my
job."

"What do you have to live for?" The Sandman grinned.  "Hmmm, let
me see.  Do you remember this?"

Suddenly Roger was in a trance, as if watching a movie.  It was
about 6 months ago, shortly after his wife had died.  He was
laying on his bed nude with a Club magazine in hand as he
stroked his erect rod and stared at a pretty young woman.  Roger
felt a bit embarrassed and stammered to defend himself, "I...I
was lonely.  Lot's of guys do it."

"OH  Yes," The Sandman agreed, "but did you know your daughter
was watching?"

"What??" Roger exploded.

"Look..."

Roger suddenly was watching the same scene from the hallway. 
His door was slightly open and he could see himself on the bed. 
In front of the door, his 14 year old daughter was on her hands
and knees staring in.

"Oh my god," he grimaced.  "I had no idea."

"Oh, but watch my friend," the Sandman corrected.

Roger watched as his daughter's hand slowly slid up between her
legs and started to rub her crotch.  She was wearing a pair of
shorts and Roger watched in shock as she pulled the shorts away
from her young pussy and began to play with herself while she
watched him.

"Young little thing, isn't she?" The Sandman elbowed him.  "And
there she is all hot and ready for you.  Too bad you didn't do
anything about it."

"I never knew!" Roger explained.  "How could I?"

"I guess your right," the Sandman sighed.  "How about this time?"

Suddenly the scene in his mind changed and Roger saw himself in
the shower.

"Daddy, I have to use the bathroom," he heard his daughter call
sweetly from the hall.

"Go ahead," he heard himself answer.

But then, Roger saw what she really was doing.  His daughter
entered the bathroom in just a halfshirt and nothing else.  In
her hand she held a large rubber dildo molded perfectly to look
like a cock.  Roger watched his daughter walk in as she stood
before the shower and spread her legs. Slowly she pushed the
dildo into her tight pussy as she started to slide it in and out
of herself.  He saw his daughter sneaking peeks around the
curtain to see him as she continued to fuck herself with the
fake dong.

"Holy shit!" Roger exclaimed.  "I can't believe it."

"Ya, well it gets much better.  Wanna see what will happen today
if you do as I tell you?"

"Yes," Roger nodded.  "Show me more."

Suddenly he saw his livingroom and there was his 14 year old
daughter fully nude, her knees on the couch as she laid over the
back of it.  Eagerly she moved her knees further apart and
shoved her hand between her legs to spread her young brown pussy.

"Fuck me again, daddy!" she said as she fingered herself and
spread her tight lips with her forefinger and middle fingers. 
"Fuck me hard on the couch and show me how much you love me!"

"Jesus!" Roger exclaimed.

"Well, not exactly," the Sandman corrected.  "How about 4 years
in the future?"

"Sure," Roger said excitedly.

There was his daughter again at age, what would it be, 18?  She
was pregnant, her swollen tummy hanging down as she was on her
hands and knees again.  There was a plate glass window behind
her and Roger could see that she was in the mother's room of
their church.  The congregation was visible through the one way
glass and his daughter ignored them as she huskily commanded.

"Fuck your pregnant daughter, daddy! Fuck her in church and make
her cum for god!"

"Wow," Roger exclaimed.  "We really went far didn't we?"

"No," the Sandman corrected, "but you WILL go far if you decide
not to kill yourself and go get your daughter."	

"Where is she??" Roger rushed to ask.

"Down at the train station about to leave for Portland. "

Roger started for the door.

"But she wont come back with you unless you tell her flat out
what you want to do to her!!"

The door slammed and Roger was gone.



Jennifer saw her father's car pull up too late to duck from view.

"Shit!" she mumbled to herself as he got out of the car and
headed toward her.

"What do YOU want?" she snarled as she checked the clock on the
wall to see how long it was going to be before her train arrived.

"I want you to come home," Roger offered.  "Please, I need you."

"Ya, right," Jennifer said sarcastically.  "I saw how much you
needed me.  You and your self pity party.  You don't need
anyone."

Tell her what you want to do to her, a voice said in his head.

Roger looked around.  The station was empty except for a bag
lady sleeping in the corner.

"I want to fuck you," Roger blurted out finally.

"What??" Jennifer asked in shock.  For a moment, Roger thought
he had made a crucial mistake, but the way she smiled suddenly
and blushed made him realize that it had worked.

"I want you to come home so I can fuck you like I should have
all this time," he said with confidence.

"Oh daddy," Jennifer giggled as she jumped up and threw her arms
around him.  "Do you mean it?"

"Yes," Roger said as he grabbed his daughters ass for the first
time and gave it a squeeze.  "Now let's hurry back home.  I
can't wait much longer."

"ANYTHING YOU SAY!!" Jennifer saluted him as she grabbed her
bags and hurried for the car.

Just then the bag lady in the corner turned to Roger and smiled,
"That a boy, Roger.  Fuck her hard!  We'll see you in a few
years."

If the tone of voice was meant to be foreboding, it succeeded. 
The queasy feeling in his stomach soon vanished though as his
daughter called from the car, "Come on, daddy! Let's go!"

Getting home was much quicker than the drive to the station. 
The whole way Jennifer giggled and laughed about what a
wonderful day this had turned out to be.

"My prayers have finally been answered," she once said.

When they arrived home, Jennifer left her bags in the car and
darted into the house.  Arriving a few moments behind her, Roger
closed the front door and stared at his young daughter as she
waited expectantly for him to say something.

"I'm not sure where to start," he breathed at last.  "I mean,
our first time and all."

 Jennifer smiled and said, "Just relax.  Look, why don't you go
get into your bathrobe.  I've always liked you in that.  And
I'll get into mine."

"Ok," Roger agreed as he headed for the bedroom.  

Soon he had changed and Jennifer entered the bedroom and laid on
the bed.

"Ok," she said.  "Just lay down on your back."

Roger carefully kept the robe pulled around him as he laid on
the bed.

Jennifer sat up as her father lay there and beckoned him, "Now
pull that robe apart a little so I can see that cock."

Slowly Roger opened his robe and pulled it to one side.  His
hard rod laying against his stomach, balls hanging between his
legs, he watched his daughter's reaction.

"Oh my god!!" she panted,  "yes!"

"You like daddy's big dick?" Roger asked.

"Oh daddy," Jennifer smiled.  "What a huge cock you have!  Are
you going go fuck me with it?"

"Yes, baby," Roger said as he reached over and pulled at his
daughters robe.

Falling open, Roger admired his daughters big tits and brown
pussy hair as she sat on the bed.

Jennifer pulled off her robe and got on her hands and knees, ass
in her fathers face.  Using her fingers, she spread her pink
pussy and talked like a little girl.  

"I've never had a big cock like yours in my little pussy," she
said.  "I don't know if I can get all of daddy's cock in my
pussy!"

Roger was stroking himself now as he watched his daughter play
with her young clit.

"I want my daddy's cock in my pussy!" Jennifer growled as she
wiggled her ass in the air.  "I want my daddy's thick hard cock
in his daughters tight pussy!"

Quickly Jennifer turned around and climbed on top of her father.
 "I'm going to sit on your big cock!" she told him.  "Do you
want your daughter to sit on your big hard cock?"

Grabbing his daughter's tits, Roger panted,  "Please!!  I want
to be inside you!"

"Oh my god, daddy!" Jennifer exclaimed as she grabbed her
father's cock and spread her pussy with her other hand.  "I'm
going to fuck you!!"

Slowly Jennifer pushed her fathers cock into her pussy and slid
down on it an inch.

"Fuck!!!" she yelled.  "You're big cock is in my pussy daddy!! 
Do you feel your cock in my pussy?"

"Oh baby," Roger growled.  "Take it!!  Come on, take daddy's
cock!!"

Pushing herself down another inch Jennifer groaned, "Oh my god
daddy!!  I feel my pussy stretching around your big hard fucking
cock!!  I don't think I can take it all, daddy!!"

"You can do it," Roger encouraged her as he tried to pull her
down onto him.  "Be a good girl and take it all!"

"I'll be a good girl!" Jennifer said as she forced another inch
inside her, making her scream.  "I'll be a good girl and take
all of daddy's big cock!!!!"

Roger was nearly halfway inside her now, "That's it baby. 
You're doing it.  Just a bit more!!"

Jennifer suddenly shoved herself down on him hard, impaling
herself.

"OH JESUS CHRIST!!!" She screamed. "You're all the way in me!!! 
I've got your big beautiful cock up my hot pussy!!!"

Roger grabbed his daughters ass and began to pump his shaft up
and down into her.

"Oh fuck me, daddy!! " Jennifer screamed.  "I want your big cock
in my pussy!!  Pound my little pussy!!! Fuck your daughter!!!!!"

"I'm gonna fuck you so hard!!!" Roger growled as she continued
to slam up into her.

"Yes!!!" she screamed.  "I want my daddy to fuck the shit out of
me!!!  Teach me how to make you cum daddy!!!  I wanna make you
cum for your little girl!!!"

Flipping his daughter over on her back and not slipping out,
Roger spread her legs and began to thrust in and out of her
quickly.

"Cum on my tummy, daddy!!!" Jennifer begged him.  "Cum on your
little girl!  Just cover your little girl in your sticky hot
cum.  I love to watch you cum!!!"

As if on command, Roger pulled out and groaned as he jerked
thick white sperm onto his daughter.  A large glob shot up and
hit her in the face as the rest covered her tits and stomach.

"There you go," Roger laughed as he stood erect on his knees and
jerked the last bit of jizz out of his rod.  "You look so pretty
in daddy's cum."

"Now see?" Jennifer said as she rubbed her father's cum all over
her body.  "Wasn't that easy?"

Roger sat back and admired his daughter as she rubbed his slimy
sex all over.  "Ya, that was much easier than I imagined."

"Come out to the livingroom," Jennifer urged as she got off the
bed and walked out of the room.  

Roger followed her and watched as she opened the curtains to the
livingroom and then climbed up on the couch.  Spreading her
legs, her back to him, she smiled

 "Fuck me again, daddy!" she said as she fingered herself and
spread her tight lips with her forefinger and middle fingers. 
"Fuck me hard on the couch and show me how much you love me!"

"Why are the curtains open?" Roger asked.

"I want the neighbors to see your cock in your daughter's tight
pussy!!" she exclaimed.

Standing behind her, Roger grabbed his cock and shoved it into
his daughters tight hole.

"Oh my fucking god!!!" Jennifer exploded.  "My daddy's cock is
so big!!"

"I love my big cock inside you," Roger growled.

"Yes," Jennifer gasped as she grabbed the back of the couch and
shoved herself onto her father repeatedly.  "And I'm going to
CRAM that BIG....HARD.... COCK...up my HOT...TIGHT....PUSSY!!!"

"Oh god!!!" Roger growled some more.  "It feels so good!!"

"Does it?" Jennifer asked.  "Does it feel good to have your cock
in my young pussy?"

"Oh Jesus yes!  It feels so good to be inside you!"

"I love you daddy!!" Jennifer moaned as she grabbed the couch
tighter.  "Ram that cock in my pussy!"

Forcefully her father grabbed her hips and pounded harder.

"I want to fuck your young pussy!" Roger barked.  "I wanna stuff
your young tight pussy everyday!!"

Jennifer reached behind her back and spread her ass to let her
father see better as he pounded her.

"This pussy is for you!" she said.  "Anytime you want your big
cock inside it you just tell me!!  I want to see your thick cock
in my pussy!"

"I'm going to cum!" Roger told her.  "Oh sweet Jesus, I'm going
to cum again!"

"I want to make my daddy cum!!" Jennifer bounced as her father
continued to slam her.  "

"ARRRGH!!!!" Roger exclaimed as he pulled out his cock and shot
his load onto his daughter's back.  "OOHHHH GOD!!!!"

Jerking himself off, Roger drizzled his cum into his daughters
ass crack and watched it run down over her young pussy.  "Ya!!!"
Roger grunted.  "Take that cum!!!  Take daddy's cum!!!"

"Your so good to me," Jennifer smiled as she watched her father
squeeze out the last remaining drops onto her ass.

"I can't believe this is happening," Roger said as he collapsed
onto the couch beside her.

"Neither can I," Jennifer whispered as she cuddled up to him and
fell asleep.



"So," the Sandman smiled.  "How do you like things so far?"

Roger noticed he was standing alone in darkness. 

"They're incredible," he said.  "What more can I ask for? 
What's going to happen next?  Where did she learn these things?"

"Whooa!! Hold on there partner," the Sandman laughed.  "One
thing at a time.  Now, which do you want to see first?  How she
learned these things or what's going to happen next?"

"Show me how she learned to be so damn good," Roger choose.

"You sure you want to know?"

"Yes, please show me."

Suddenly Roger was looking into the livingroom of a house.  It
was his twin brother's house, he could tell right away.  There
was Steve sitting on the couch with Jennifer when she was, what
would she be? 12?  They were watching a porno movie together.

"Bet you wish you had a dick as big as him," Jennifer laughed as
they watched the movie on the screen.

"Are you kidding?" Steve laughed back.  "I've got a bigger dick
already."

"Oh ya, right!" Jennifer teased him.  "You guys always brag."

"No, I'm not kidding!" Steve protested.  "Mine's bigger."

"Oh ya?" Jennifer teased more.  "Prove it!"

"Fine, " Steve stated, "but if I show you, you have to show me
your tits."

"How embarrassing!" Jennifer blushed.  "I don't have nothing to
look at."

"Oh bullshit!" Steve corrected her quickly.  "You've got bigger
tits then a lot of  the girls on this movie and your only 12!"

"Ok, fine," Jennifer said, "but you first."

Slowly Steve unbuttoned his jeans, reached in and grabbed his
cock. Pulling it out, Steve watched Jennifer's eyes widen.

"Holy cow!" Jennifer marveled.  "That is bigger!  It's huge!"

Roger mentally compared himself to his brother.  He still had a
bit more than Steve, but Steve definitely had something to brag
about.

Roger watched as Jennifer unbuttoned her blouse and pulled open
her shirt.  As she undid her bra, Steve stoked his hard rod and
smiled.

"Very nice," he told her as she took her bra off and showed him
her full breasts.  "Very, very nice!"



	"Or how about a little later," the Sandman interrupted.  

Suddenly Roger was seeing Steve's bedroom.  Steve was laying
naked on the bed with Jennifer laying naked beside him. 
Jennifer was noisily sucking Steve's cock as she jerked him off.

"He still hasn't fucked her at this point," the Sandman said as
Steve grabbed the headboard behind him.

"OH God, I'm gonna cum!!!" Steve exclaimed.  

Roger watched as Jennifer jerked him off and visibly swallowed
every spurt of Steve's wad as it went down her throat.



	"Or how about her first time," the Sandman said as the scene
changed.

Jennifer was in his livingroom this time.  She was on her knees
bending over the coffee table.  Her hands were handcuffed in
front of her and her mouth was stuffed full of a white rag as a
gag.  She was naked except for her panties which were pulled
down to mid thigh hastily.  Steve was naked and kneeling behind
her as he unceremoniously shoved his cock into Jennifer's virgin
pussy.

Roger could tell she was screaming in pain but the gag kept it
muffled.  Tears streamed down her face smearing her mascara as
Steve began to pound her over and over.

"Don't worry," the Sandman interjected,  "She loved it! 
Jennifer likes it when Steve rapes her, but we'll talk about
that more later."

"All right, all right, I get the point.  What happens next?"



Suddenly Roger was looking into a forest. There were evergreens
and ferns growing as far as the eye could see.  Jennifer was
standing by a tree in a half shirt that did not cover her
breasts entirely and a pair of cut off Levi's that were so short
they rode up the crack of her ass.

Quickly Jennifer tore off her shirt to reveal her naked breasts
and began unbuttoning her Jean-shorts.

Roger saw himself getting undressed as he watched his daughter
pull her jeans off.

Standing naked together in the forest, Jennifer dropped to her
knees and began to suck her father's cock.	

Roger could see himself arching his back to push his rod further
down his daughter's hungry throat as he groaned aloud.

"That's it!!!  Suck my cock!"

The scene flashed before him and Roger next saw his daughter on
her hands and knees as he was fucking her from behind in the
dense forest.  Jennifer's tits were bouncing heavily as he
slapped against her ass.

"OH MY GOD!!" Jennifer screamed just before the scene flashed
again. 

This time Roger saw himself sitting on a tree stump while his
daughter sat on his cock and bounced herself up and down on him.

"I'm cumming daddy!!!" Jennifer screamed at the top of her
lungs.  "You're making me cum!!!!"



"Wow!" Roger said as the scene passed away.  "When does this
happen?"

"As soon as you get in the car and get there," the Sandman
replied.



	Jennifer pulled off her cut-off jeans and flicked her hair over
her shoulder before she got to her knees.

"Daddy, I want to suck your cock!" Jennifer yelled loudly. 
"Will you let me suck your big cock?"

Roger grabbed his rod and shoved it in his daughter's face.  "Go
ahead, baby," he told her.  "Suck on it for me."

Quickly Jennifer plunged his rod into her mouth and began to
suck loudly.

"That's it, suck my cock!!" Roger groaned aloud.

"Do you like knowing that anyone could walk out here and see me
sucking your big cock?" Jennifer asked him as she slurped and
sucked.

"Ya," Roger growled.  "I like knowing someone could see my
daughter giving me head out here in the forest."

Just as Roger was experiencing a powerful blowjob, the Sandman
appeared.

"Oh buddy," he broke in.  "Hate to interrupt you, but look over
there to your left."

Roger looked down at his daughter who still had his cock stuffed
in her mouth and realized she could not see the Sandman. Roger
looked left and saw nothing.

"No, just beyond that big tree, see them?"

Suddenly Roger saw what the sandman was pointing at - a couple
of hunters standing there watching them through the trees.

"Tell her," the Sandman prodded.  "She likes an audience."

The sandman vanished and Roger pulled himself out of his
daughter's mouth with a loud slurp.

"Honey, look over there," he motioned.

Jennifer spotted the men right away, "Oh my god, they're
watching us."

"What do you want to do?" he asked.

Jennifer pressed herself against her tall father making a
striking comparison of the short young girl naked against her
older, taller father and yelled, "Fuck me daddy!!  I want you to
fuck me hard!"

Grabbing his daughter, Roger turned her around and forced her to
bend over and grab a tree for support.  Standing out in plain
view, Roger grabbed his cock and guided it into his daughter's
tight pussy.

"Oh God daddy!!!" Jennifer yelled louder.  "Your cock is so
big!!! Fucking pound my pussy!!!  Pound your little girl's
pussy!!!"

Roger grunted loudly as he pumped into his daughter's cunt.  He
could see the hunters in the corner of his eye sneaking up
closer for a better look.

"They're coming," Roger whispered to his daughter.  

"I love your huge cock, daddy!!!" Jennifer screamed.  "I love to
have your huge, thick cock in my tiny little pussy!!!!!"

"Make daddy cum!" Roger barked as he felt himself getting closer
to orgasm.

"OH YES!!!!" Jennifer screamed.  "Cum in me daddy!!!! Cum in my
little pussy!!!!"

"OH SHIT!!!!" Roger yelled as he grabbed his daughter's ass and
shot his cum inside her.  "OH god!!! Oh Jesus!!! "

"Cum! Cum!! CUM!!!!" Jennifer screamed.  "I love my daddy's hot
cum inside my belly!!!"

  Roger pulled out his cock as it still drizzled and leaned back
on a tree.  Finding a stump to sit on, he sat down and watched
Jennifer spin around and face him.

"I can feel your cum inside me," Jennifer smiled and giggled.

"Good girl," Roger huffed.

Jennifer glanced at the hunters who were much closer now and
climbed up on her father.  Grabbing his big pulsing rod she
pushed the head into her pink pussy once more and let the
hunters get a good look at her ass as her father's cock slid
back into her cunt.

"I love you daddy," Jennifer said as she spread her ass with
both hands for the hunter's to see better.  "I love you for
stretching my young pussy!!!"

The hunters watched Roger's thick shaft sliding in and out of
the young 14 year old's cunt and quickly they both began to
unbutton their pants.  Pulling out their own shafts, both men
began to stroke themselves as they watched Jennifer.










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....