Archive-name: Amazon/sandtoy.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Sandy's Toy Boy


     A widowed mother and her 17 year old daughter, Sandy, ran an
oceanside resort on the East Coast and hired a large number of
college students each summer.  Both were avid physical culture
enthusiasts, and Sandy, an unusually beautiful high school senior
with long, wavy blonde hair, had been lifting weights, running
and swimming almost from the day she could walk, and during her
formative years had teken special hormones to increase her
growth.  As a result, by her 17th birthday she was 6'5" tall and
still growing, and had developed an incredibly powerful and
muscular body, with broad shoulders and back tapering to a
narrow, rock hard waist that was ribbed with muscle, and massive-
ly muscled arms and legs.  She was also her school's best ath-
lete, starring in basketball and track.
     On the first day of the summer season she spied Jerry, a    
slender, handsome, 5'7", 24 year old graduate student in account-
ing with black curly hair applying for a job at the resort, was
immediately taken with him and convinced her mother to hire him. 
She found out his assigned room and left a note for him telling
him that she would like to meet him at 11:00p.m. at the resort's
indoor pool.  Since the pool was closed to guests at 9:00 and to
employees after 10:30, they were assured of being alone.
     Sandy arrived early, donned a bikini and bathing cap and was
in the water when he arrived.  He was immediately smitten with
her lovely face and at her invitation joined her in the pool. 
They swam to the shallow end where the water was about hip deep
on Jerry and he stood up and turned to face her, only to have his
jaw drop in amazement as she rose majestically out of the water
to tower a good 10" above him.  The top of his head was about
level with her chin and his eyes with the cleft of her breasts. 
His eyes bulged as, smiling down at him, she reached up to remove
her bathing cap and let her long blonde hair cascade over her
wide shoulders, revealing the massive "V" of her upper body and
her bulging biceps.
     When he commented on her height and muscularity, she told
him of her interest in athletics, weightlifting and bodybuilding
and asked him if he would like to see a demonstration of her
lifting ability.  Without thinking, he assented and before he
could react she bent down and placed her big hands around his
waist, her long, powerful fingers almost completely encircling
his waist, and straightened, lifting him easily out of the water
and then continued to lift him until she was holding him high in
the air, almost at arms length above her head, but tilted forward
so that she could have a full view of his little body.  He was
gasping for breath and struggling helplessly in her grasp, but
she was more interested in another reaction of his body; the
telltale bulge in his trunks of a throbbing erection.
     She laughed and said, "You must like being picked up by
girls," and, as he reddened with embarrassment, playfully tilted
him forward and down so that she could plant a light kiss on the
tip of his nose.  Then, holding him at arm's length again, she
said, "I wonder if you're ticklish.  Most little fellas are.  I
adore little men who are ticklish--they're such fun to play
with."
     He started to protest, but she was already shifting her grip
so that she could reach the sensitive areas of his ribs with her
fore and middle fingers.  As she began to tickle him, his body
reacted with violent spasms of screaming laughter and giggling
and he thrashed wildly about, ineffectually tearing at the
probing fingers which were administering such delicious torture
to his sensitive ribs.  She laughed delightedly and continued to
tickle him unmercifully, noticing, as she did so, that his
erection was throbbing more than ever.  Finally she stopped and
examined him as he hung, limp from exhaustion, in her hands.
     "Dollbaby," she told him, "you're perfect!  I'm going to
just love playing with your little body!" 
     She lowered him until his eyes were just below her own and,
bringing him to her, slid one big hand down his back to cup  both
his buttocks and mash his pulsating erection firmly against her
hard, flat stomach.  Her other hand reached up behind his back
and grasped the back of his head.  He gasped, "What...what are
you doing?"
     She chuckled. "Can't you guess?" she asked.
     "N-no!" he cried, and strained backward with all his might,
struggling to move his head back away from her advancing mouth,
but was unable to overcome her powerful, immobilizing grip on his
head.  He placed his hands against her shoulders and tried to
push himself away from her, but the pressure of her forearm      
against his back was irresistible as she slowly and inexorably
pressed him against her.  In desperation he closed his mouth
tightly, but a painful squeeze of his buttocks made him cry out
and her lips captured his open mouth in a crushing french kiss. 
Although he continued to struggle, his feet thrashing about
helplessly in the water almost a foot off the bottom of the pool,
she slowly increased the pressure of her forearm against his back
until he was barely able to breathe, while her tongue hungrily
probed his mouth.  Finally he went limp in her arms, and she
relaxed the pressure on his back and permitted his head to fall
back away from her lips.  He was conscious, and his mouth was
open as he desperately gulped air into his tortured lungs.
     Waiting until he had recovered his breath, she slid the hand
holding his buttocks between his legs until his entire crotch was
imprisoned in the firm grip of her big hand, her long, powerful
fingers reaching out to capture and bend his throbbing erection,
bringing a gasp of surprise and humiliation from his lips. 
Lifting him until his shoulder was securely tucked under her
armpit she carried him out of the pool and into the adjoining
weight room.  Although she was carrying his entire weight in the
palm of a single hand, she showed no sign of any real effort. 
Grinning down at him, she murmured, "I find most men get real
docile when I carry them around like this."  A gentle squeeze of
his testicles conveyed her meaning, and immediately quelled any
thoughts of resistance in his mind.
     In the weight room, she seated herself on a stool and placed 
him on her lap.  He was openmouthed but speechless at this
further demonstration of her incredible strength.  He looked up
at her--even sitting on her lap his eyes were still slightly
below hers--his face a silent question.  She chuckled and kisses
him lightly on the nose.  "Before we get serious," she told him,
"Sandy's going to show her little doll baby a few more tricks. 
But first, in case he's thinking about trying to run away,
Sandy's going to take off his panties--I don't think he'll want
to go traipsing around in public stark naked.  Besides," she
added, "it's about time we freed up that little dingus of yours." 
     He was still too exhausted to offer more than a verbal
protest as she lifted him off her lap with one arm and with her
other hand slid his swimming trunks down over his knees and off,
exposing a penis that, although respectable in size, was now
completely limp.  "Hmmm," Sandy murmured.  "Well, at least you're
big enough in the right places.  I guess I must have been a
little too rough on you in the pool.  Not to worry, though.  I
know how to bring your little dingus back to attention when I'm
ready for it."  She continued to hold him on her lap, cradling
him in her arms and playfully nuzzling him and fondling him, but
being careful to permit him to rest until he had recovered his   
strength.  She then set him on his feet and rose to her full
height to tower over him.  Red with embarrassment, he tried to
cover his crotch with his hands, but Sandy bent down, gripped him
firmly by his buttocks with one big hand and turned him away from
her, pointing him to a large barbell with four large weights on a
short bar about a foot in length which was sitting on a mat
several feet away.  Indicating the barbell with her other hand,
she asked, "Think little lover cookie can bring that barbell over
to Sandy?"
     He looked up at her in surprise, but responded to her gentle
pressure on his buttocks and walked over to the barbell.  Strad-
dling the barbell with his feet, he reached down and tried to 
lift it, but was unable to budge it.  With a puzzled look on his
face, he tried again, this time straining with all his strength,
with no more success than before.  Finally he examined the
weights and a look of frustration came over his face.  "My God,"
he blurted, "what are you trying to do to me?  This thing weighs
two hundred pounds!  I can't lift half that much!"
     Sandy feigned amused surprise. "You can't lift that little
thing?  And here I thought men were supposed to be the stronger
sex!  Why, half the girls I know wouldn't have any trouble at all
getting that off the ground."
     Jerry gave her a disgusted look.  "Don't be ridiculous!" he
snapped.  "I don't know what you're trying to prove, but there
isn't one girl in a million who could lift that much weight."     
     She laughed, walked casually over to him and eased him    
to one side.  "Well, then," she told him, "I guess I'm that one
girl in a million."  Smiling down at him, she reached down and
grasped the barbell in the center with a single hand and with a
mighty heave lifted it straight up above her head, the massive
muscles of her arm and stomach tensed and bulging from the
effort.  Slowly she lowered the barbell to her shoulder and then
heaved it up over her head again, repeating the maneuver several
times.  Then she lowered it to the mat, stepped over it and
repeated  the exercise with her other arm.  "I like to equalize
my workouts," she explained.  "I don't want one arm too much
stronger than the other."
     Jerry was aghast and, for the first time, really frightened,
and his face showed it.  "My God," he thought, "this girl can
lift more than twice as much with one hand as I can with two! 
She's 4-5 times stronger than I am!  She could crush me by
accident without even meaning to!  I've got to get out of here
before she kills me!"  His small frame started to tremble and,
forgetting his nakedness, he put his hands up defensively and
backed away from  her.
     Sandy saw his sudden fear with satisfaction--that was ex-  
actly the reaction she had been seeking--contorted her lovely
face into an animalistic snarl, hunched and bulged her massive
shoulder muscles, flexed her mighty biceps and, rising to her
toes, her huge thighs and calves, and tensed her stomach muscles
so they stood out in bold relief.  The effect was awesome; she
was a towering mass of incredible muscularity.  The effect on
Jerry was equally devastating; he cowered in abject terror,
stumbling backward as she slowly advanced toward him.  Small
growling sounds came from her throat as she moved forward.  Jerry
desperately looked around for a way out, but she slowly maneuver-
ed him into a corner of the room.  He spied a large, heavy indian
club at his feet, reached down and gripping it with both hands
tried to lift it.  It was almost too heavy for him, but with a
strength borne of desperation and terror he finally managed to
get it off the floor and swing it clumsily at her.  She caught it
easily with one hand and, with a casual twist of her wrist, tore
it from his grasp, flipping it up end over end and catching it
expertly and then contemptuously tossing it aside.  She resumed
her advance on Jerry, who was now hopelessly trapped in a corner. 
Stopping directly in front of him and standing on her toes, she
loomed over a foot above him.
     Desperation generated bravado, and Jerry put up two small
fists and stammered," G-get away from me!  Get away from me or
I-I'll hit you!"
     Sandy relaxed her menacing pose and almost laughed outright. 
Looking down at him with unconcealed amusement, she said, "Go
ahead, little man.  Give it your best shot.  I won't stop you.  I
could very easily, but I won't."  She even stooped slightly so
that he could reach her chin more easily.
     Instead, he brought his fist back and smashed it with all
his strength into her midriff, just below her navel.  It was like
hitting hard rubber; his small fist didn't so much as dent her
rock hard stomach muscles, nor did it have any apparent effect on
her as she continued to smile down at him.  His face disinte-
grated into hopeless terror as he realized that he was incapable
of hurting her.  Tiny mewing and whining sounds came from his
throat as she slowly and deliberately bent down and put out a
huge hand, palm up, toward his groin.  Realizing what she was    
about to do, he grabbed her wrist with both hands, but was unable
to so much as slow her advance as again she captured his crotch
in her hand, her long fingers curling up almost to his buttocks,
her thumb hooked securely around his limp penis, his testicles
again securely encased in her palm.
     "D-don't...p-please don't" he begged her, but she was
already lifting him effortlessly off the floor, her free hand
holding the back of his neck for balance as she tilted him
backward and slowly brought his open mouth up to hers for ano-
ther, crushing French kiss.  To Jerry, the sensation of being
held in midair in the palm of this beautiful teenage giantess
while her hungry mouth relentlessly sucked his dry was too much. 
It was as though a screw was being turned in his loins, changing
him forever into something different than he was before.  He
suddenly realized that he LIKED what she was doing to him. 
Without realizing it, his body went lax in her hands, his back
arching to the pressure of her kiss, his arms rising to slip
around her neck as he unconsciously surrendered himself to her.
     His reaction did not go unnoticed.  With a low, triumphant
chuckle, her lips released his, and, still holding his weight in
the palm of one hand which firmly encased his crotch--and his now
throbbing penis which was straining against the restraint of her
hand to come erect--she carried him to a heavy mat in the middle
of the weight room.  "One might say,lover, that I have you well
in hand," she laughed. "And if you think you like this, wait 
until you see what I'm going to do to you next!  But first,      
I think I'm going to have to teach you a little lesson for trying
to hit me with that club."
     She set him on his feet and then proceeded to put him
through a series of wrestling holds, beginning with a bear hug
lift off the floor with just enough pressure to show him how
easily she could crush his chest, followed by a headlock and then
a full nelson, after which she lifted him onto her broad shoul-
ders for a dizzying airplane spin.  He was as helpless as a rag
doll in her hands and he knew it.  He offered no resistance as
she slid him off her shoulders and, holding him upside down with
his face held tightly against her, down her body until his face
was buried in her crotch, held securely in place by the pressure
of her thighs.  Holding him there for only a few seconds, she
told him, "This is one way you can give me a thrill, lover, but
I've got lots of others, and you're going to learn them all!" 
She took him down to the mat, shifting her thighs into a head
scissors and then working her legs down to his waist to encase
him in a body scissors, applying just enough pressure to demon-
strate the futility of resistance.  Finally, when she had him
completely exhausted, she put him on his back, encased both his
wrists in the powerful grip of her right hand and, holding his
arms fully extended above his head, settled down on one hip
beside him, trapping his legs between the massive muscularity of
her mighty thighs.  Held in this way, he was unable to do more
than wiggle helplessly in her grip, while her left hand was free
to explore his naked body at will.  She chuckled as, after a few
momentary struggles, he relaxed.  Cupping his chin with her left
hand, she forced him to look up at her.  "That's right, lover,"
she said approvingly, "you're finally learning how silly it is to
try to resist me, that I can do anything I want to with your soft
little body.  Now you're about to learn something else--namely,
that I can make your soft little body do just about anything I
want it to."
     He looked up at her, frightened, and then began to buck and
squirm, laughing and giggling uncontrollably as her free hand
began to travel over his body, her fingers lightly tickling his
armpit and then running deliciously down his side and over to his
stomach.  For what seemed an eternity she toyed with him, first
tickling him, then subjecting him to mild discomfort by squeezing
a buttock or a nipple on his chest and then arousing him by
fondling him intimately, gently massaging his testicles and his
inner thighs and finally his penis itself, only to resume tick-
ling and carry him through cycle once again.  His body was her
personal playground, reacting exactly as she wished to the
delicious torture she was inflicting on him.  Finally, she leaned
down to engulf his mouth with her own in a crushing french kiss,
as she whispered, "Time to get down to business, lover."
     His eyes widened with horror as she took his penis firmly in
her free hand and began to masterbate him, and he gasped, "N--no,
please, not that!"  But she gave a low chuckle and continued to
massage him, and his whining protests became moans of ecstacy as
she brought him to the brink of orgasm before gripping his penis
tightly and pressing her thumb down over its tip to prevent him
from climaxing.  The desire ebbed from his loins, his penis went
limp in her hand, and his moans became a sob of disappointment,
and then a gasp of amazement as she resumed massaging him to
bring the pangs of desire flooding back through his body.
     "Wha--what are you doing to me?" he sobbed.
     She leaned over him and began to nibble on his ear and neck
as she continued to work his penis with her free hand, murmuring,
"Can't you guess?  But don't worry, baby, when I finally do let
you come, it'll be the best you've ever had."
     Her words hit him like a blow to his stomach.  When she let
him come...She was not only getting ready to rape him, but she
was showing him how easily she could control his body in the
process.  And then his mind was submerged in desire as she again
brought him to the brink of ecstacy only to shut him down again. 
By this time the tears were running down his cheeks and he was
crying like a baby, "N--no, please!  Don't do this to me!"  But
she was already mastubating him again, this time bringing him
quickly to full arousal before slipping out of her lower bikini
and settling over him, the soft folds of her womanhood enveloping
his penis as she took him inside her.
     By all rights he should have exploded in her then and there,
but somehow she manipulated his body to prevent him from climax-
ing.  Now it was her turn to writhe in ecstacy as her body worked
up and down on him, reaching one plateau of pleasure and then
another as step by step she approached the pinnacle of passion. 
Then she climaxed, the folds of her womanhood convulsing over his
penis as she took him with her, carrying him to heights of
ecstasy that flooded his entire body with an intensity that he
had never known before and held him there for what seemed for-
ever.  He was dimly aware of her gasping cries above him that
were all but drowned in his own, and then it was over, and he was
lying supinely beneath her, enveloped in her body as she milked
the last drop of pleasure from his body.
     Finally she was finished, and, looking down at him and
taking his head in both hands to kiss him warmly, she whispered,
"That was great, baby!  I think I may just keep you, after all. 
How was it for you?"
     He could barely talk.  "Sandy, I..."
     She cut him off with a crushing french kiss, and he felt her
hand slide between his thighs to again cup his crotch firmly in
her palm.  "Never mind, baby," she whispered.  "All I have to do
is look at you to know how it was for you and that you belong to
me, now."  
     "W--what?"
     She chuckled.  "You heard me.  You're mine, now.  I've taken
your little body and made it a part of mine.  You belong to me,
my little playtoy, for as long as I want you, which, if you keep
performing the way you did just now, may be for a very long
time."  A slight tightening of her fingers around his testicles
emphasized the point, and then she stood up, put her lower bikini
back on, and reached down to gather him up in her arms, holding
his small body against her tightly.  "I'm taking you home with
me.  From now on you'll work in the office as my assistant--we
can use some bookkeeping help, and you'd be perfect for that. 
And we'll have a place set up in the back so that you'll be
instantly available to me whenever I want your little body.  Who
knows?  I might even decide to keep you permanently."
     He squirmed helplessly against her.  "Sandy, please, I..."
     She gave a low laugh and, pressing him against her with
enough force to take his breath away, raised his lips to engulf
them with her own, while her hands gently caressed him until his
budding erection told her that he was, indeed, hers.  Looking
down into his eyes as he lay cradled in her powerful arms, she
said, "Put your arms around my neck."
     Almost without thinking, he did so.  It was his final
gesture of surrender, and, with a triumphant laugh, she carried
him out of the weight room, past the pool, and across the desert-
ed grounds to the house.

--
