
             Several  years ago, when I was a young Naval Officer  on  my
        first ship, we put into port in San Juan, Puerto Rico, for a  few 
        days  of  liberty.  Of course, a few of us went off  to  see  the 
        sights  and  eventually wound up at one of the  casinos  for  the 
        evening. Later in the evening, when my companions had gone off to 
        other  areas, I found myself at a table with two  very  beautiful 
        girls from New York who had come for a short vacation.  They were 
        sisters,  and this was their first time away from parental  guid-
        ance for an extended vacation.
             Dara  was  the youngest, a junior in college, and  a  pretty 
        blonde  with  a small but well-proportioned figure.   Her  sister 
        Penny  was about two years older (about my age) and worked  as  a 
        secretary for a law office in Manhattan.  She had short  brunette 
        hair, was taller than Dara and had large but firm braless breasts 
        (I  could  tell that from the frequent glances I  made  down  the 
        front of her loose and low-cut dress).
             My major thought at this time was how to get Penny away from 
        her sister for some more extended fun and games, and although  we 
        were  making out all right, she didn't seem to want to leave  her 
        sister.  I  was  also trying to figure out where to  go,  as  the 
        stateroom  on my ship was out of the question (at least  until  I 
        became  more  senior).  I was sure she was willing to  have  some 
        fun,  as  by now she was rubbing my leg and we  had  shared  some 
        deep-probing kisses, to which Dara expressed some sense of  jeal-
        ousy. So that Dara was not left out, i turned to her and gave her 
        a more-or-less friendly kiss, to which she wrapped her arms about 
        my  neck and sent her tongue snaking deep into my mouth.   I  was 
        rather taken aback by this, when Penny whispered in my ear "Let's 
        all go up to our room and continue this in more private surround-
        ings".  Needless to say, I was in agreement.
             As  soon as we were in the room, Dara once again  threw  her 
        arms around me and gave me a deep, long French kiss. The softness 
        of  her lips, and the hardness with which she kissed  started  my 
        own hardness within seconds.  I slowly started my hands up  along 
        her  sides  under her blouse until they were  touching  her  bare 
        breasts.  The  firmness of her tits were only  surpassed  by  the 
        extreme  hardness  of her small nipples, and she moaned  into  my 
        mouth and I could feel her knees go weak as I touched them.
             Suddenly I felt hands unfastening my belt, and I looked down 
        to see Penny pulling down my pants and shorts.  She had them down 
        to  my ankles in a second, and she looked up at me with her  eyes 
        as  my hard cock disappeared into the warm wetness of her  mouth. 
        Her  mouth  felt so good and so tight that I  almost  came  right 
        then, especially as she took long slow strokes on my cock as  her 
        tongue swirled around the head.
             By this time, Dara had broken loose and was now lying on the 
        bed, stark naked, with her legs spread in my direction and strok-
        ing her blonde pussy.  As I watched her rub her clit, she brought 
        one hand to her breast to rub her hard nipple, and with the other 
        slowly inserted a finger into her cunt. Penny slowly let loose of 
        my cock with a "plop", ran her tongue over my balls, and suggest-
        ed we join her sister on the bed.
             I  lay  down with Dara while Penny took off  her  dress  and 
        panties,  and  kissed first one breast and then  another.   As  I 
        sucked  her hard nipples, my hand traveled down her  stomach  and 
        through her blond pubis to feel the wetness of her pussy lips. As 
        I stroked her clit, she started rubbing herself against my  hand, 
        and  I  slowly  put first one then two fingers into  one  of  the 
        tightest pussies I've ever felt.
             By  now, Penny was on the other side of me, so I  turned  to 
        kiss  her  and run my hands over her large breasts.  Her  nipples 
        were large, sticking out almost three-quarters of an inch, and  I 
        fastened  on one, first nibbling it with my teeth,  then  sucking 
        the  entire nipple into my mouth as hard as I could.  As my  hand 
        found  it's way into her pussy, I was amazed by the  wetness  and 
        the  amount of curly brown hair around it.  I was also amazed  by 
        the  size  of her clit, which was fully as big and  hard  as  her 
        nipples.
             At  this  point, as I sucked Penny's tits  and  stroked  her 
        pussy  (which  was looser than Dara's, but still  pretty  tight), 
        Dara worked her way down to my crotch and started to play with my 
        cock  and balls.  first she licked her way down the  shaft,  then 
        licked  my  balls, finally taking one into her  mouth,  then  the 
        other.  Then she swallowed my whole cock, taking it into the very 
        back  of her throat.  She was very good at it, as I  later  found 
        out most of the boys in her school knew!
             My  cock was aching and about to burst, and I thought  about 
        coming  in  Dara's mouth, knowing that she  would  swallow  every 
        drop, but really wanting to feel one of those pussies around it - 
        not  knowing which one to pick.  Then Penny whispered in  my  ear 
        "Fuck Dara, I want to watch."  This was all I needed, as I pulled 
        Dara  up  onto the bed and moved on top of her.  She  spread  her 
        legs as far as they would go as I slowly stuffed my cock into her 
        tight  hole,  inching it in a bit at a time in  rhythm  with  her 
        moans,  until  our  pubic hair was joined.  She  threw  her  legs 
        around  my  ass,  trying to draw me in even  further.   Her  hard 
        nipples poked into my chest as I started slowly stroking my  cock 
        in and out of her pussy.  Soon my balls were banging against  her 
        ass as we really got into it, and Dara was squealing loud  enough 
        to bring the manager.  As I glanced over at Penny, she was watch-
        ing intently as her sister was getting fucked, with three fingers 
        of  one  hand up her cunt and one finger of another in  her  ass. 
        This was enough to send me over the brink, and I shot what seemed 
        like  never-ending  streams of cum into Dara's cunt,  which  sent 
        Dara  into  long  shudders as she came along with me.  As  I  lay 
        exhausted  on top of Dara, Penny's fingers in her pussy  and  ass 
        were now a blur as she stroked faster and faster, finally  coming 
        in a series of long convulsions.
             As  we  lay exhausted on the bed, kissing both  sisters  and 
        softly stroking their breasts, I whispered to Penny that I wanted 
        to  fuck  her  too, but didn't have anything left in  me  at  the 
        minute.   She kissed me back and said, "Don't worry, we have  all 
        night, and I'm sure Dara and I can think up something to get  you 
        hard  again".  With that, Dara laughed and suggested we  all  get 
        into the shower together, which was a great idea, especially as I 
        love letting my hands roam over soapy tits and asses.
             After the shower, as we came back to the bed, Penny suggest-
        ed  that I sit in the chair and let her and Dara share  the  bed.  
        In  anticipation  of what could happen, and hoping very  much  it 
        would, I readily agreed.  The two girls layed down together,  and 
        soon  Penny  was taking the lead, as she  started  caressing  her 
        sister, and soon the two girls were running their tongues in  and 
        out  of  each  others mouths, as their  hands  were  feeling  and 
        squeezing each others tits.  Penny's mouth moved down to suck her 
        sister's  tits, and her hand continued down to rub  Dara's  tummy 
        and then to stroke her pussy through her blond hair.  This motion 
        was  soon followed by Penny's mouth, as she kissed her  way  down 
        her  Dara's body until she was licking the pink lips and clit  of 
        her sister. Penny's tongue seemed to have a will of it's own, and 
        Dara was more aroused than ever before (and needless to say I was 
        starting to get aroused again too). 
             When  it seemed that Dara was going to cum before long,  she 
        swiveled  around so that the two girls were in a 69 position  and 
        dove  for  Penny's pussy. I had to move around the  bed  at  that 
        point to get a good look as Dara''s tongue snaked into her  older 
        sister's  dark  snatch. Penny's pussy hair was  matted  with  her 
        juices and Dara's saliva, and Dara fastened her mouth on  Penny's 
        long  clit  and began to suck like crazy, driving  Penny  into  a 
        frenzy.   By  this time, I was stroking my hard cock,  which  was 
        really throbbing and looking forward to discovering if Penny  was 
        as  good to fuck as her sister. Penny turned Dara over  onto  her 
        back,  and moved down until she was kneeling on the  bed,  eating 
        her sister while Dara's hands caressed Penny's large tits. As she 
        got  into position, Penny lifted her wet mouth from Dara,  turned 
        to me and said, "Fuck me from behind, Hard!".
             I needed no urging, as I moved behind her, spread the cheeks 
        of her ass, and slammed my cock into her sopping pussy. While not 
        as tight as her sister, Penny's cunt had a good grip on my  cock, 
        which  she tightened by moving her ass and working her cunt  mus-
        cles.   As  I thrust into her hole, it felt like she had  a  hand 
        inside  her cunt which was jacking me off at the same  time.  The 
        more  I  slammed my cock into her, the more she moaned  into  her 
        sister's  pussy,  still licking and sucking her  clit.  My  hands 
        reached  in  front  of her to grab and squeeze  her  tits,  which 
        caused her to push her ass farther back on my cock. By now I  was 
        about  to cum, and I grabbed her hips to allow me to fully  slide 
        my  cock the full length into her box, once again  spreading  her 
        ass  checks  wide.  Her asshole winked up at me, so  pretty  with 
        traces of pubic hair following up her crack, that I wet my  thumb 
        in  her juices and slowly inserted it into her ass, which  really 
        sent  her into ecstasy. With both her holes plugged,  she  really 
        went wild and started bucking like crazy - it was almost hard  to 
        hold on, except for the hardness and length of my cock which kept 
        her impaled.
             Dara  was  also getting off in a big way, and  she  was  the 
        first to reach her climax.  As she came, she grabbed Penny's head 
        and  ground it into her pussy, while throwing her legs  into  the 
        air  and almost knocking her sister and me off the bed.  I  could 
        feel  Penny also starting to cum, and drove my cock as deep  into 
        her as I could as I let loose with streams of cum in her pussy.
             Later,  as  the three of us lay exhausted on the  bed,  Dara 
        tenderly licked my cum from her sister's pussy, and as we  kissed 
        I  could taste my cum on both their tongues. While I fucked  each 
        of  them again that night, and had the delightful  experience  of 
        both of them sucking my cock at the same time, nothing was a wild 
        as those first few hours.
             In  the  morning as I left for the ship, Penny asked  me  to 
        meet  them again that night, and this time to bring a few  of  my 
        friends.   Also,  she confided in me that she would  like  to  be 
        fucked  in her ass (something I had never tried, but was soon  to 
        experience).   In addition, she was curious how it would feel  to 
        be fucked by three guys at the same time......but the  adventures 
        of the next night are another story.


