                         SANTA'S HELPER

     'Twas the night before Christmas, and all through the
house, not a creature was stirring, not even my spouse...

     My lover was back east to be with his parents for
Christmas, and I decided to stay here to be with mine.
Coming home from the office Christmas party to an empty
house, I was so tired I just ripped off my clothes, flopped
onto the bed and fell asleep.

     I awakened in the middle of the night, thinking I heard
a sound on the roof. I laughed out loud, it's probably Santa,
I kidded to myself. But then I heard it again. It wasn't a
scraping noise, like a tree would make, it was, well, sort of
a clomping. No, couldn't be! Those bells I think I hear are
the wind! Then I heard more noises, but now they sounded
like they were coming from downstairs, in the living room.
I threw on my robe, grabbed the baseball bat that I leave
right under the bed for just such an occasion, and quietly
crept out of the bedroom and down the stairs.

     My eyes were adjusted to the dim light as I ap-
proached the living room. I couldn't see anyone. But the
sounds were coming from the corner of the room where the
chimney was. Lucky burglar, normally a fire would be
blazing, but tonight I was alone and too tired. I just stood
there and watched as his feet appeared. This guy had to be
kidding. He had on boots and red pants. He was wearing
a Santa Suit! But he was tall and thin. As he emerged from
the fire place and turned around, I snapped on the light
switch and yelled, "Freeze!"

     He looked truly surprised, and dropped the big red bag
he was carrying. "No, don't hurt me! Please!" he said.

     Taking a good look at him, he was beautiful. About
6'2", blond mustache (he was wearing a Santa hat),
beautiful movie star face, trim well proportioned body.
"What are you doing in my house?"

     "Well, I know you're not going to believe this, but I'm
Sean Claus, Santa's nephew. He got sick, and I'm filling in."

     "Yeah," I said, "and I'm Bugs Bunny!"

     "No you're not," he said. "You're Dave."

     "How do you know my name?"

     "Oh, Santa told me all about you. Don't believe me,
huh? Let's see. What did you got for Christmas when you
were a kid. Name a year."

     "OK. I can go along with a gag. I remember. When I
was 10 years old, 1965," I said.

     He took out a small worn book from his back pocket
and said, "Hmm. Let's see. 1965. Oh yeah, here it is. You
got a toy sailboat and Charley McCarthy Ventriloquism
doll."

     "Yeah, that's right. How does HE know?"

     "You see," he said. "This is HIS book. I'm telling the
truth. Now, let me leave the presents and then I have to
go."

     I still couldn't believe it, but there was no other possibil-
ity. He had to be who he said he was. I suddenly felt real
dumb and embarrassed that I had threatened him. "Hey
look, I'm sorry for scaring you," I said.

     He looked in my eyes, and smiled. I almost fell back-
wards from the impact. He came over to me, and still
looking in my eyes, said softly, "Well, it was partially my
fault. You're not supposed to wake up. I think Rudolph's not
too sure about me yet, I made a poor landing on your roof."

     Then he brushed my face lightly with his hand. I
brought mine up to his. He reached behind me, pulled me
to him, and we kissed. Gently at first, then harder, full open
mouth and tongues. We kissed and held each other tight
for a long time. When we finally broke the kiss, he said,
"Oh God, it's so cold and lonely up at the North Pole." He
started to pull me toward the sofa.

     I said, "What about the presents? The children?"

     "Don't worry," he said. "I have as much time as I need
to deliver all the Christmas presents, and when I'm finished
then it'll be Christmas morning. You don't think Santa goes
straight through without resting, do you?"

     We moved over to the couch, and he started to pull off
his Santa suit. He took off his bright red heavy woolen
longjohns, and exposed to me one of the most beautiful
bodies I had ever seen. Big heavy chest, covered with light
blonde hair, firm washboard stomach, beautiful thick uncut
cock and low hanging balls. His cock got hard as he
watched me open my robe, and throw it on the floor. Then
we fell back onto the big sofa and kissed and hugged
again.

     Our cocks were hard between our stomachs. He
started kissing my face, then moved down to my neck, and
my chest, and took my nipple in his mouth and sucked and
softly bit, all the time exploring the rest of my body with his
hands. He worked his way down to my crotch, and took my
hard 7 inches down in one gulp. Then he moved around
and placed himself over me, so we could 69.

     He started to play with my asshole with his finger, and
when he did, I would buck up onto him. "Your Christmas
present list for this year doesn't say anything about a cock
in your ass, but Santa didn't tell me I wasn't allowed to
improvise," he said, as he moved around behind me, and
raised my legs in the air.

     He spit in his hand, rubbed it on his cock, and plunged
right in all the way. Fireworks were exploding in my eyes,
and I felt like I was one of the reindeer and he was riding
me through the clouds. All of a sudden, he started to fuck
real fast and hard, and bellowed "HO HO HO!" and I felt my
ass being filled with his hot cum. At the same time, my
cock sprayed cum all over his chest.

     We rested for a few minutes, and then he said he
really had to get back to work. He put on his suit. I helped
him on with his boots. He took two gift-wrapped presents
out of his bag and put them below the tree. Then, almost
as an afterthought, he pulled out another small green box,
and put it under the tree, too.

     "From me," he said, and smiled.

     He started to get back into the chimney, and just
before he ascended, he said, "Thanks! All Santa ever gets
is milk and cookies!" And then he disappeared up the
chimney.

     I ran over to the window, and I saw the sleigh and the
reindeer flying up and away. I was beat, and went back
upstairs and fell asleep again.

     I woke up at dawn, feeling great. Then I remembered
what happened, and realized it must have all been a
dream. I went downstairs to fix myself a cup of coffee,
laughing all the way, until I noticed the small green present
under the tree. The card said, "Merry Christmas. Sean."


       This is the sequel to "SANTA", also written by FOXX


                    Santa's Helper Revisited

     'Twas the night before the night before Christmas and
all through the house not a creature was stirring...

     Except me, that is. Laying in bed, tossing and turning,
it felt like I was never going to get to sleep. And there was
only one reason. The same reason that had kept me
sleepless around this time of year for the past three years!

     Sean Claus, Santa's nephew!

     It felt like I was going bonkers! I could never tell
anybody what happened! They'd think I was crazy. I would
too, but all I have to do is look at the ID bracelet around my
wrist that he left for me in that little green box under the
Christmas Tree four years ago. It had his first name, Sean,
inscribed on it. I haven't taken it off since.

     He never came back, although I stayed awake every
Christmas Eve waiting for him. I even went so far as to
send him a letter, a few months ago, addressed to Sean
Claus, c/o Santa Claus, North Pole. But he hadn't an-
swered. I bet some postal worker got a real laugh out of
that one.

     Am I going to stay up again this year? Is he going to
come back? I couldn't get him out of my mind as I contin-
ued to toss and turn in bed.

     I think I had finally started to drift off to sleep when I
awakened all of a sudden, not knowing why. Darn, I said to
myself, I was almost asleep! Then I heard it. Someone was
knocking on my door. That's why I was awake! I squinted
at the clock. 1:30! Who would knock at my door so late? I
heard it again. He's pounding now, it must be important. I
grabbed my robe as I got out of bed, and headed out the
bedroom and down the hall to the front door.

     Angrily, I opened the door and was ready to yell at
whoever had woke me up, but instead, my jaw just dropped
and I couldn't say a word. It was him!

     "I didn't know what to do. You don't have a chimney
any more!" he said, then he smiled that electric smile and
my knees got so weak I felt like I was going to collapse. He
came in and we hugged for about two or three days. Well,
I guess it just felt like three days. We finally broke the
embrace, and he took off his winter coat as we went over
to the couch to talk.

     "Wait a minute!" I realized all of a sudden. "You're
early! Christmas Eve's tomorrow!"

     "I know," he said, his face getting serious. "Dave, we
have a problem. You're practically the only person who
knows about me, so you were the only person I could think
of to help."

     "My god, there's nothing wrong with Santa, is there?"
I said.

     "Oh no, it's nothing like that," he said. I relaxed a bit.
"We need you to come up to the North Pole. It's urgent!
Only, it's kind of like against tradition to ask an outsider to
work for us, especially at this time of year, so that's why I
feel a little funny about asking you, but it's really important!"

     "Well, gee," I said, "Why do you need ME?"

     "You're into computers, right?"

     "Well, you should know! Santa got me a really great
new one last year! What does that have to do with this?"

     "Well," Sean went on to explain, "you see we've been
computerized up at the North Pole for a couple of years,
now. The elves really took to it. But this morning, all of a
sudden, we can't access the Christmas Present List
Database and nobody can figure out what's wrong! If you
can't come with me to the North Pole and fix it, none of the
kids will get any presents this year!"

     "But what about your back-up?"

     "Back-up?" Sean replied with an empty look on his
face.

     "Never mind. What if I can't fix it?"

     "I believe you can! You HAVE to!"

     "OK, I'll be packed in 15 minutes!"

     "No, we don't have time! Throw some clothes on, grab
a heavy coat, and let's go!" Sean said as he started to get
up and walk me to the bedroom.

     He watched as started to pull on my 501s. My cock got
rock hard. He came over and stroked it through my jeans.

     "Mmmmm," he said, "but there'll be plenty of time for
that later. We really gotta go!" I threw on a shirt, jumped
into my boots, grabbed my briefcase/tool kit and we headed
for the door.

     I looked around as I was locking my front door but
couldn't see the sleigh anywhere. "Where's the reindeer,
Sean?" I asked.

     "What? OH! Sorry," and he pointed to the street where
a cab was waiting. "That magic only works on Christmas
Eve. We have to do this the regular way!"

     And so we were off in the taxi. "Back to LAX," Sean
told the cab driver.

     We were both pretty quiet all the way to the airport. I
guess I was a little disappointed we weren't going on the
sleigh. But as Sean and I were walking through the Airport,
my feelings started to pick up. I was going to be up at the
North Pole with Sean! A quick check of the flight status
board showed we only had a few minutes and we had to
run to make the plane. We almost missed it!

     I think I fell asleep on the flight up to Nome. All I
remember was my head leaning on Sean's strong shoulder.
Then it was a small propeller plane from there to the North
Pole. It was snowing and I didn't think they flew in weather
like that, but Sean whispered to me not to worry, that the
magic wouldn't let us down.

     Mrs. Claus and a few elves met us at the North Pole
airport. We hurried up to Santa's workshop in their Jeep
Cherokee. The place was a mad-house, bustling with
activity. Many more elves came over to greet us.

     "Where's Santa?" I asked.

     "He's inside trying to redo the lists from memory," Mrs.
Claus said, and one of the elves butted in, "But even he
doesn't think he can do it in time!"

     We went in and Santa looked really worried, but came
over to me and thanked me for coming all the way up to
help. Then we all went into Santa's office and looked at the
computer. It was a 386 compatible with an 80 meg hard
drive and a VGA monitor. His database program was intact,
but the data file was just gone. Norton Utilities Quick
Unerase didn't work, but with closer examination with
Norton Utilities' main program, I found that the data was still
on the disk, and with Santa and the head elf's help, we
slowly but surely reconstructed the data file. It took hours
but by morning it was all done and working. The last thing
I remember was backing it up a second time onto floppies.

     I woke up under a heavy comforter with Sean's arms
wrapped tightly around me. I could see out a big picture
window the workshop over on the other side of the yard. All
was quiet.

     "Where is everybody?" I asked.

     "All is done!" the hunk in bed next to me said. "You
slept all day! It's Christmas Eve and Santa's out on his
rounds! And now it's just you and me." I brought my head
back down next to his chest and snuggled closer.

     "Santa said you really deserve something special this
year for Christmas. Do you have anything in mind?"

     "Oh, I don't know," I kidded back, and we both dove
under the covers.

     Merry Christmas Everybody!
