			       SAPPHO
			  -by Sarah Jahn 

I looked at her studying on my bed, from my place at my desk. Every 
week she came over, sometimes more often. I thought it was a ruse 
to get to flirt but I wasn't going to bring it out into the open. It 
was more enjoyable to just enjoy her company and conversation as she 
gave it. We had been friends for over two years. This past year we had 
gotten much closer, each of us telling the other things we had never 
told friends before. Since a few months ago, the teasing we often used 
with each other had become more and more sexual. I wasn't sure what 
to think, as she smiled and touched my arm while she flirted. It was 
always in front of others, in public, so it was safe for her.  

Watching her bent over her book, reading so intently she didn't notice 
me staring, I wondered how she really felt. I had been having dreams 
lately that I woke from disturbed and excited...

Just last night I had dreamed I was dancing with a woman, dressed in 
heels, skirt, blouse, and surreally, a black feather boa. We had circled 
each other, gradually moving closer, then she was pulling me to her. I 
pressed my hips against hers, as she pushed me back upon the couch behind 
me. I sat abruptly, and she moved between my legs, rubbing against me, 
still kissing me deeply. Dazed, I moved my left leg behind her, difficult 
because of the skirt I wore. It slipped up my thighs and she ran her hands 
up to my bare hips, grinding herself against me. I felt myself getting wet,
warmth flowing inside me. Our mouths opened further, I moaned as she 
slipped her hand into me, her tongue sliding into my mouth as sensually 
as her fingers touched me. Then I was awake, confused and more than a little
alarmed. I remembered her dark curly long hair, piled on top of her head,
soft spiralled curls floating down over her ears, and blushed lips.


I whispered, gay? Me? At the least, the thought of sex with a woman excited 
me, or my subconscious. The more I thought about it, sitting in that dimly lit
room, with the Christmas lights glowing at the steamy window, I realized I 
relished the idea.

I got up, throwing the sheets aside, and went to the window. 
I leaned my forehead against the window, watching my breath condense on 
the icy glass. Looking at the white birches far below, I shivered. They 
swayed back and forth like dancers to a beat I couldn't hear, 
beckoning to me. I opened the window, letting in the freezing air. The 
breeze carried in the scent of wet earth and snow and old leaves, whipping 
the papers scattered on my desk around. The hills were almost black in 
the distance, distinquished from the sky that was full of brilliant 
stars shining above. I stared out the window, losing myself in the cold 
breeze that blew over my flushed skin. After becoming aware that I was 
shivering, I leaned out and drew the window handle to me, shutting it.

Getting back into bed, I felt a wetness between my thighs, and reached 
down to see what it was. My hand came back glistening clearly in the soft 
colored light. I lifted one finger to my lips and tasted it. With the 
residue of salt on my lips, I leaned back and shut my eyes. What would 
another woman taste like? I wondered. I imagined putting my hands on soft 
breasts, nipples asking to be mouthed, then stroking down along a rounded 
stomach, beside the dimple of the navel... Into the curve between strong 
thighs, my fingers surrounded by curling dark hair, into a familiar yet 
strange wetness and warmth, a body breathing and arching under my gestures.
As my mind drew me into this imaginary experience, I let my own hand pull 
up my nightgown, bunching up the fabric above my breasts to reveal my 
arousement. 

The coolness of my searching fingers made my nipples darker, harder. I 
felt the echo of the swelling I summoned deeper inside and drew in a 
small shallow breath. In my mind, I moved down further on the bed, my lips 
tracing the curves of the anonymous woman beneath me. I didn't see her 
face, only the light breaking over her body, the shadows as mysterious as 
her sex. I caressed her body, feeling the ladder of ribs under her taut 
fair skin, their rising and falling increasing with my attention. I bent 
my mouth to the intersection of her, my hands smoothing over her thighs, 
lowering to taste her as she let her thighs drift apart. I looked 
surreptiously at the rose-colored folds and the glistening hair above them,
sliding her open further with my hands, to see the wetness gathered there. 

Her scent reminded me of musk and vaguely of the sea. I tasted it on 
my tongue, feeling my own body respond to her low moans. I brought her 
smooth calves above my shoulders, and let her responses guide my movements. 
Under my lips, I felt her fervered skin tremble, her legs shudder in my 
arms. Her head was thrown back, her breath coming in gasps. She had
thrown her arms back behind her, and was grasping the bedframe, quivering up 
and crying out more and more. I savored her movements and taste, each moan 
bringing me intense enjoyment. In my own bed, I bit down on my bottom lip
to choke back my loud groan of release, corresponding to her orgasm in 
my imagination. My eyes squeezed closed, then I opened them with a sigh, 
relaxing again into the warmth of the covers. Sleep came quickly, and 
I dreamed of things and people that disappeared from my mind as I woke
the next morning, but left me with a sense of unfulfilled desire. I didn't 
remember any more scenes with the dark-haired woman. 

I went through classes as usual, but in the back of my mind was a new 
undercurrent that rose up every so often to remind me of my leanings. I 
passed women on the way to lecture halls who returned my gaze, and in 
their eyes I saw they knew it was not out of friendliness that I looked 
at them, and that the curiousity was returned. Walking around campus was 
now filled with sly glances and blushes, not all mine. I smiled thinking 
about it, pretending I was listening to a lecture about linguistics. The 
professor misinterpreted my small smile and half closed eyes, and 
looked at me bewildered but with his own smile. This amused me more. My 
smile got bigger. Classes went on and on, and now I was looking at my 
study partner in my room. 

She flipped a page in her thick hardcover book, mulling over the literature 
of the 1800's. I reached behind my stereo to pull out a cassette, and 
inserted it into the machine. Pressing "Play", I knew the music would 
disturb her and knew also that was why I was doing it. I wanted to talk. 
As the first notes started up, she looked up from reading questioningly. I 
smiled and asked "Do you mind taking a study break for a few minutes? My 
notes are starting to look like secret code." 

"No, no I don't mind at all. You have any soda left? My throat is killing 
me from that cigerrette." 

"Yeah, coke or ginger ale. Which do you like?" I bent to open the fridge, 
waiting for her reply. 

"Ginger ale." 

I picked out the plastic bottle and poured some into a mug. The foam crept
over the side, I dipped my finger to it and wiped it off, and absentmindedly
sucked the liquid off my finger. I looked up to see her looking at me oddly. 
Actually oddly was not quite the right word. It seemed more like a realization
surfacing. Of what I wasn't sure. I got up from the chair and handed the
cup to her, turning it so she could grab the handle. Instead of taking it 
that way though, she let her hand slip over mine. I stood there by the 
bed, holding this cup, unsure of what exactly to do next. I smiled nervously, 
my tongue moistening my lips. She let her hand linger a moment longer, enough
so I was now painfully aware of her body heat and the subtle softness of her 
fingertips pressing into my hand. She took the mug and took a sip, keeping 
her eyes on my face. I didn't sit back down immediately but paused, watching
her. As her tongue darted out and licked the rim, curving around the edge, 
I realized the rather unpleasant sensation of my heart racing, and my 
palms getting moist. Oh God, I was so unsure. Maybe it was just my deranged 
mind that was misinterpreting her actions, I didn't want to make an 
absolute fool of myself and lose her friendship. She held my eye, and 
licked her lips, mimicking me. She stretched her arm out and put the cup 
down on my desk, then rearranged her body on the bed, so she was sitting 
there cross-legged, hands under her chin. 

"Why don't you sit on the bed? Standing there doesn't look too comfortable." 

Unthinking, I climbed up on my own bed, and sat next to her. She kept her 
body angled away, then reached out again, this time to grab her book and 
open it back up to where she had stopped. Her hair fell forward, hiding 
her profile. I looked at her sitting there, at her bright hair flowing over 
her shoulders, revealing the pale skin at the back of her neck, and the 
hem of her shirt, that curved down closely over her torso. Before I could
think about what I was doing, I had leaned forward and reached up to turn 
her face to mine and was kissing her deeply. Inwardly shocked at myself, 
I reached down and pushed her book away. She didn't protest, but instead 
pulled me closer. Her mouth, tongue, smell, hair, breasts, were all I 
knew. My hands were under her shirt, pulling it up, over her head, tousling 
her glossy hair. She lifted her arms to the ceiling as I unclasped her bra, 
stroking the topography of her back as I did so. The lace and nylon bit
was thrown to the floor along with her shirt, and soon the rest of her clothes
were there too. 

Her lips turned up into a secretive smile, looking at me, sitting on the
blanket casually, her legs open. 

"So, do you like what you see?" she whispered, then leaned to me.

The next time I opened my eyes, I was naked too. She embraced me, and 
lowered me to the bed. We lay side by side, feeling the warmth of each 
other's bodies down the edges of our hips and ribs. My hand trailed over 
her ribs, into the valley of her waist, then up over her hip, down her
thigh. At my touch, she turned to face me and opened her legs, letting one 
dangle over the edge of the mattress.

She was as excited as I was, I soon discovered. I held my breath 
as I touched her, gingerly pushing a finger into her, letting the heat and 
moisture take me in. I put in another, and stroked her rhythmically, 
watching her rock back and forth against my hand. Something was warming in 
me, I felt myself loosening up. I bent over her prostrate body to take 
in a nipple. I took it into my mouth, sucking it gently then harder, 
increasing the pressure to a light bite that she shivered at, letting out 
a quiet drawn out "yes". I sucked at her like a baby, feeling her getting 
harder between my lips. I moved my hand out, slick with her wetness, 
caressing her lips, up to her center, then down again, then up, liberally 
covering her. I let my fingers slide to the top of the folds, and frigged 
the nub lightly.

She shuddered hard and pushed down towards me. She had spread herself out 
fully on the bed, her mouth opening to draw in breath then close into a 
tight line to suppress moans. Her cheeks were flushed pink, heightening the 
whiteness of the rest of her face. I pushed myself lower over her, then 
pulled her legs apart, holding a calf in each hand, feeling the muscles in 
them tense as I sucked her. She had abandoned all pretense at modesty, and 
was now moaning openly. I loved the sound. She pushed herself up against me, 
trying to get me to give in to her demand for instant sastifaction. I felt 
myself sliding down towards the end of the bed, along with the quilt and 
blanket. Regaining my position, I forced her back up, and paused to smile 
at her. Frustrated, she growled and said sternly "I wouldn't start a job 
then leave it unfinished if I were you." 

I laughed, and responded by nipping her. She squealed, then quieted
again as I resumed. The slickness on my lips had spread to my chin, bringing 
up disjointed memories of Thanksgiving turkey dinner. I pushed these away, 
concentrating on the sounds filling the tiny dorm room. As I did, I felt 
a sympathetic wetness between my thighs, as I moved closer to her. My skin 
dragged on itself, pulling the sensitive folds back and forth. I gasped, 
tightening my grasp on her legs. I closed my eyes and forced myself to 
concentrate on her alone. She was now moving regularly to meet me, the 
movement of her and taste was increasing to a climatic point. Her shriek did 
not go unnoticed, by me, or I'm sure, by my suitemates.

Her orgasm was glorious, matching her expression. She quivered, then relaxed,
drawing herself up, to take me into her arms and hold me. I kissed her 
lightly on the mouth, letting her taste herself. She licked my lips and 
smiled, drawing me down with her to the bed. I closed my eyes, and let myself 
go to her attentions....

The End
