Archive-name: Bestial/sarahvet.txt
Archive-author: NecroPet
Archive-title: Sarah the Vet


It was late in the afternoon at Timberville Veterinary Surgery.  Sarah
Matthews was the head veterinary nurse at the surgery and was tidying
away the freshly cleaned instruments in the operating room.  She was
alone for the first time in months, all the other surgery staff had gone
home as she had 'casually' said that she would finish up.  Sarah was a
pretty young woman of 24 with long blonde hair who could have had many
boyfriends but she wasn't interested in men.  She closed the instrument
drawer and leaned back upon the operating bench, anticipation twinkling
in her large brown eyes.  She thought of the animals brought in through
the course of the day and it made her flush just thinking about some of
them.  She could not resist the surge of her lust through her veins any
more.  She unpopped her white tunic and bundled it untidily on the
work-basin.  Knowing what she wanted, she slid her hands under the hem
of her knee length skirt and tugged at the elastic of her knickers.  She
slid them off relishing the sensation of cool air against her warm
vagina.  Sarah noticed the slight wetness to the cotton of her
underwear, due to the shuddering excitement that wracked her body.  She
wasn't an animal lover, she was an animal fucker and the more perverse
the sex, the better.

Sarah opened the door to the kennels, were dogs in for observation were
kept.  She walked slowly up the aisle of cages, looking for a handsome
beast to satiate her lust for canine sex.  She found the ideal animal, a
proud and muscular greyhound.  She opened the gate to the cage and
raised her skirt up around her waist, gently offering her moist vagina
to the animal, to see if it was interested.  The greyhound moved forward
and sniffed tentatively.  It must have liked the smell of female heat
for it immediately licked, probing between the slightly parted lips of
Sarahs evenly thatched pussy.  The sensation made Sarah involuntarily
gasp, contracting the muscles in her abdomen.  She coaxed the dog out by
backing away slowly so it had to keep stepping forward in order to keep
licking her faintly aromatic love-juice.  Once it was right out of the
cage, Sarah unzipped her skirt and let it fall away.  She ran her hands
over the dog's flanks and she craned her head over to see it's penis,
which was extending it's swollen redness out into the air.  Almost
smiling with glee, she fell to the floor and ran her forefinger along
it's heated length.  Each time, the dog's prick shuddered and hardened.
It had stopped attempting to lick her and merely stood, almost
stoically, quietly savouring her touch.  She moved her head under the
dog's belly and extended her tongue, gently touching the tip of it's
prick.  She always loved the rich, briny taste of a dog's preseminal
fluid and within moments she encompassed the hot cock in her mouth,
gently but firmly sucking it.  The dog, in a state of heightened
arousal, matched the movement of her head with a jerky but slight
motion.  She wanted it inside her so she turned over onto her hands and
knees and moved in front of the dog, displaying her glistening cunt.
The dog immediately jumped onto her back, frantically trying to
penetrate her vagina.  It missed and connected with her anus but, being
moistened with Sarahs saliva, it slid in without much difficulty.  The
warmth of the anal penetration nearly had Sarah coming on the spot but
she held out, relishing the delicious friction of the dogs cock fucking
her ass.

Within half a minute, the dog came.  Sarah felt the sudden spasm and
squeezed the muscles of her rectum around it's cock, the gorgeous
feeling of warm spunk jetting into her butt.  The dog withdrew but Sarah
was not satisfied, she wanted more!  She wanted to be dirtier!  She
moved to another cage and quickly opened the gate.  Out came a poodle,
in for diarrhoea treatment.  She grasped it around the belly and stroked
it, kneading it's little penis into life.  Suddenly, the poodle started
to whimper and Sarah knew what was coming.  She raised her head, moved
it's docked tail aside with her left hand and licked the poodle around
it's anus.  The poodle started to defecate it's sloppy diarrhoea.  Sarah
pressed her mouth around the spurting anus and sucked as the dog's
partially-viscous excrement filled her mouth.  She gasped for breath as
she orgasmed, dribbling diarrhoea down her chin.  She pulled away from
the poodle, breathing hard but not yet satiated.  She half ran back into
the surgery, the foul smell of dog shit eminating from her face.  She
swallowed what shit was in her mouth whilst she opened the "Animal
Mortuary".  Now she could really satisfy her lust for obscene sex.  She
opened the first, small locker.  Inside was a rat, cold and stiff after
having been put down earlier that day.  She grabbed it and pressed it
against her vagina, rotating it like a cob of corn in butter.  Although
chilled, it's fur absorbed the juices.  She turned the rat in her hand
and grasped it around the back by it's rear legs.  She manoevered it's
cold snout up against her anus and slid it in, squealing in delight at
the strange sensation caused by it's ears through her anal sphincter.
Her orgasm thundered through her body; left hand rubbing her clitoris
and her right hand thrusting the rat into her butt.

Sarah Matthews slept well that night.  Another day at work tomorrow.

------------------------------
PART THREE - Sarah On The Farm
------------------------------

An cool evening mist settled across the rolling fields of Timberville
Farm.  The gentle crooning of the cattle returning home drifted through
the closing dusk.  There was a Landrover bumping up the dirty track to
the old style flint-brick farmhouse.  The gravel in the yard crunched as
the tyre bit in under the force of the brakes and the Landrover creaked
to a halt.  The drivers door opened and out stepped Sarah Matthews, head
vetinary nurse for the Timberville district.  She had tied her blonde
hair back and, shouldering her bag, walked over to the front door of the
farmhouse, pausing only to look across the darkening hills, savoring the
cool evening air.  She grasped the iron door-knocker's knurled hammer
and banged on the door.  The farmer's wife, Martha, opened the door.
The warm, moist air from the inside causing a light condensation on
Sarah's driving glasses.

"Hello, dear" said Martha cheerily, "Frank's out back in the barn.  Go
straight round" she continued, indicating to the out-house and barns
with her thumb.

"Sure" answered Sarah.  She trudged over to the barns and headed for the
only light showing.  She approached the door and pushed on it, surprised
at the weight of it.  The door creaked open and Sarah stepped inside.
It was pleasantly warm and fairly well lit.  The farmer, Frank, was
standing in a well-strawed area, stroking a pregnant mare down it's
neck.  He turned at the sound of the door.

"Hello Sarah" he said "Got a problem with this mare." Sarah nodded.

"Due to foal today?" she asked.

"Yeah, due to foal since Monday" answered Frank, concern lining his
words.

"Don't worry" smiled Sarah, "I'll take care of her." She dropped her bag
to the floor and opened it.  She removed a large thermometer and a
stethoscope.  Clipping the stethoscope around her neck she moved
toward's the mare.

"Easy girl, easy" she whispered reassuringly.  She felt along the
underside of it's flank, secretly enjoying the pregnant warmth radiating
through what is surprisingly soft under-belly fur.  She raised the
stethoscope to it's side and popped the earpieces into her ears.

"Feel's like an alignment complication" she explained, "The foal should
have moved round into position but it's got stuck"

"That's bad isn't it?" asked Frank, even though he knew it was.  Sarah
nodded grimly.

"'Fraid so." she answered, still listening to the mare's belly.  "If
we're lucky, the foal's head won't have caught the umbilical cord and we
can save it".

"If it has?" asked Frank.

"Well, if it has there's a risk of accidental strangulation if we try to
birth her".  Frank looked down at his grubby boots.

"We've got to try" he said.

"Yes.  Hang on" Sarah went back to her bag and removed a jar of
sterilised lubricant.  "I'm going to have to try and re-align the foal
so she can give birth properly.  We'll need that cord" she pointed to a
length of rope in her bag with her ungreased left hand.  Frank took it
out.

"What are you going to do with that?" he asked.

"Simply loop it around the foal's legs and use it to help apply a bit of
force to the birth.  The mare's weakened, you see." she explained "You'd
better steady her, she's not going to enjoy this.  I'm going in"

Frank patted the mare on the side of the neck, speaking calmly to it.
Sarah moved around to the rear of the mare, gathered up the tail and
looped it with an elastic band to keep it out of the way, and ever so
gently inserted her well-lubed hand into the horses red and partially
distended vagina.  The mare fidgeted, feeling a little discomfort.
Sarah was inwardly enjoying the incredible warmth around her forearm
although had little time to conciously enjoy it.  More pressing things
required her full attention.  She reached inside and found the small but
firm hoof of the foal.

"I've got a leg, hang on" she felt up the shank to the knee of the foal
"it's okay, it's the rear leg.  We can do it, pass me the cord".  Frank
took the cord from the bag and placed it into Sarah's left hand.  She
partially withdrew her right arm upto the wrist and fed the end of the
cord into her right palm.  Then, with the cord held gently in her hand,
she moved in again, located the foal's rear legs and carefully tied the
cord around them.  Once the cord was in place, she slowly removed her
arm which was smeared with maternal blood.

"The amneotic sac's been burst for a while, we must get the foal out now
before it suffocates"...

                    -----------
ONE SUCCESSFUL INDUCED BIRTH LATER...(Get on with it, I hear you cry)
                    -----------

Sarah stood proudly watching the foal stagger around it's mother.  Frank
rested a hand on her shoulder.

"Well done" he said, "I'm very grateful"

"If it's alright with you, I'll stay the night to keep an eye on them
both"

"No problem, I'll make up the spare room" answered Frank.

"No, I'll stay in here.  I can't see from inside" said Sarah.  Frank
nodded.

"Ok, no problem.  If you need anything..."

"I've got all I need in the landrover" finished Sarah, "Goodnight!"

"Ok, see you in the morning" Frank left her and went back to the
farmhouse.  Sarah settled down in a clump of hay and watched the newborn
foal try to suckle.

----

It was just gone 1 a.m.  when Sarah awoke to the sound of a horses
whinney.  She was slightly disorientated at first but soon gathered
herself.  She stood up and moved to the door of the barn, avoiding the
heaving bodies of the sleeping mother and foal.  Across the path was a
small set of stables, three in all.  She couldn't see very well because
of the dark blue colors of night throwing a blanket of shadows
everywhere.  She pulled on her boots and sweater and walked across to
the stables.  All but one were empty.  In the middle one stood a large
and proud stallion; a palomino.  Sarah felt a familiar tingle surge
through her body, the horse stared at her, it's handsome feature's
offset by warm affectionate brown eyes, almost bovine in character.
Sarah opened the half-door to the stable and entered, closing it behind
her.

"Hello boy" she crooned, running her hand down it's back.  The firmness
of it's body excited her terribly and she felt her vagina lubricating
like butter melting on a hot baked-potato.  The stallion nudged her
gently with his nose, sniffing her odour.  Sarah continued to run her
hand down and over it's flank.  Round onto it's rump where she drew back
slightly to trace a fine forefinger down to the stallion's pubic bone,
between the anus and scrotal area.  The horse moved gently, as if to
encourage her.  Crouching down, she brought her hand forward along the
side of it's sheath.  Through the flesh she could feel the gentle pump
of blood swelling it's penis within the sheath.  She started to massage
the sheath, gingerly at first but firmer as it responded.  Soon the
horse's penis extended dramatically protuding from the sheath,
thickening and swelling with each stroke.

The horse shifted from one side to another, subtly pushing it's now huge
cock through Sarah's cupped hands, so she didn't even need to stroke.
She was aware of the cool night air so she moved under the horse and
leant towards it.  She extended her tongue and licked around the
circumference of it's swollen prick, tracing the line of it's phrendulum
(the tissue between the helmet and the shaft) with her tongue.  The
taste was pleasantly piquant, the sign of an often cleaned horse.  The
stallion was now highly aroused and was trembling slightly as Sarah took
as much of it's length in her mouth as possible.  She sucked and slurped
on it's cock but stopped when she got the sudden briney taste of
preseminal fluid.

"I want to fuck you" she whispered hoarsly.  She yanked down her jeans,
which gathered around the tops of her ankle-boots, she never wore
knickers anyway.

She rolloed onto hands and knees and pressed up so her back was against
the horses underbelly.  Then, she shuffled backwards until she felt the
hot tip of it's cock against her buttocks.  Reaching back with one hand,
she guided the tip into her drooling cunt and pushed herself onto the
stallions cock barely keeping from moaning out loud as it's hot
penetration swelled still further, stretching her pussy almost to it's
limit.  The horse, fortunately aware of Sarah's size, stood shuddering
in the night, almost tenderly fucking Sarah, letting her do the moves.

Sarah's cervix burned with pleasure.  She'd finger her clit if she
wasn't using her arms for support.  She felt the pulsing of the horses
loins, it was about to come but she wanted it elsewhere.  She slid off
it's cock, letting the cold air restrain it's ejaculation.  She wiped
her pussy with her hand and daubed her anus with her own lubrication.
Then, back in position she guided the horses cock into her ass, the
penetration almost orgasmically painful in a way.  The horse, further
thrilled by this tighter orifice, started to come.  Sarah squealed as
she felt the thick load sluice around her rectum.  She climaxed as the
horses pulses subsided and almost fell off it`s cock onto the straw.
She lay there panting as the stallion's seed trickled out her slowly
contracting anus.  She was a horse lover, definitely.  She redressed
herself, pulling her jeans back into place, hoping that the small flow
of horse-spunk would not make a damp patch on her ass.  Sarah patted the
horse, kissed it on the nose and went back to her barn until morning.

Enjoy my friends,
--
