Sarah by Craver


     Ever notice how sometimes something can
happen to change a person's life forever?  Sometimes
the most seemingly insignificant events can trigger a
change in a person that lasts a lifetime.  At least that's
what happened to me.  It all started one Saturday.  My
folks were out of town for the weekend, and I was
home alone.  I was also bored, and decided to snoop
around my parents room.  I didn't know what I was
looking for, but boy, did I know it when I found it.  What
was it?  In the back corner of my dad's closet, under
some old shirts, I discovered this big stack of porno
magazines and videos.  Some of the photos were so
gross it made my stomach tingle just from looking at
them.  It also made my cunt so wet I wondered for a
moment if I'd peed in my panties.
     I'd never seen anything like what the girls in
these magazines were doing.  Clearly my father had a
fixation on girls who liked to eat cum, or have their
faces splashed with the stuff.  Page after page showed
women kneeling in front of guys' cocks, or laying on
their backs with men shooting jism on their faces, and in
a few cases, even on their outstretched tongues. 
Remarkably, the pictures made me want to do the
same thing, and before I realized it, I was masturbating
as I turned the pages.
     Looking at the dirty pictures made me so horny I
wanted to do outrageously nasty things to my body, so
I took the magazines to my bedroom, along with the
videos.  On the way I stopped off in the kitchen and
got a cucumber, which I peeled, and a container of
yogurt.  Then I went up to my room and undressed. 
When I was naked, I put one of the videos in my VCR,
turned on my TV, and lay back down in bed, on my
back, watching the video, ready for an afternoon of
nasty fun.
     The first film was called something like "1,000 oral
and facial cum shots," and it had short clips of girl after
girl getting splattered in the face with hot cum from
one or more cocks.  As I watched the film I dipped the
peeled cucumber into the yogurt and began sucking
on it as I masturbated.  Every now and then I'd plunge
the cucumber inside my pussy, and then suck it, but still
I wanted more.
     Pretty soon I was dipping the cucumber into the
yogurt and letting it drip off the end and onto my face,
like the films were doing.  I pretended it was a cock,
and finally I got so hot I just dumped the entire fucking
container of the yogurt all over my face, letting it drip
down my neck, pretending it was hot cum from a gang
of men who'd just all shot off on my face.  It was at
that point where I came so hard I actually did piss a
little in my bed.  When I felt the hot pee running down
my ass cheeks, something inside me snapped, and I just
let go, sending an entire stream of piss all over my
mattress.
     "Oh fuck, this is so hot," I cried out, and suddenly
raised my legs as far above my head as I could so the
pee would splash down onto my body, all over my
face and neck and tits.  I even opened my mouth and
lapped up a few mouthfuls, pretending it was coming
from a group of men.  My orgasm continued racking
my body, with wave after wave of incredible pleasure
filling me to the brim.  My fingers were flying across my
swollen clitty, splashing the piss all over me, and when I
stuck them inside my cunt it made this nasty gurgling
sound, turning me on even more.  It was something
else, and I can tell you, I'd sure never come anywhere
close to having an orgasm that intense before.  
     I loved it, loved the nastiness of what I'd done,
and wondered if from then on I would be destined to
go through life sucking cocks, eating cum, and even
drinking piss if that's what men wanted from me.  Little
did I know how accurate my premonitions regarding
my future life were.
     When my parents came home I started looking
at my stepfather differently.  Actually, Jim's not really
my stepfather.  He's my mother's new husband, but he
never adopted me, so although he sometimes acts like
a dad to me, since I'm already 18 and he's only 35
he's actually more like an older buddy then a real dad. 
My mom's a real swinger, and she's always been hot
for younger guys, so I wasn't surprised when she
married Jim, even though he's ten years younger than
she is.
     Anyway, as I was saying, after discovering what
kind of magazines and videos Jim liked, I started
looking at him more as a stud than anything else.  Then
one day when he and Mom were drinking and fucking
around, I told them I'd found the porno stuff.
     "Did you look at it?" Mom asked, a strange grin
on her face.  I told her I had, and she asked me if I liked
it.  I said I loved it, and she looked at Jim and said
maybe we'd finally found something we could all
enjoy together.
     "Would you like to see our latest video?" she
asked.  I said I would, and we all went into the family
room together.  Jim put in the video, turned on the TV,
and started the film.  I sat on the couch between him
and Mom, and as the movie began I wondered where
all this was going.
     In the film a young girl was seduced by an older
couple.  The guy fucked her, and came all over her
while the woman watched, masturbating.  Then she
picked up the phone and called someone, and in a
few minutes five or six guys appeared at the door.  The
young girl was still naked, with cum dripping out of her
pussy, and when she saw all these new guys she
started masturbating, telling them to fuck her or jerk off
on her.  She was really hot, and watching the video
made me really hot, too.
     Apparently it turned on Mom and Jim, too,
because before I knew it Jim had his cock out and was
playing with it, while Mom moved down onto the floor
in front of him and started sucking him off.  I couldn't
take it any more, so I reached up under my skirt and
started playing with myself, letting Mom and Jim see
my little nylon panties as I rubbed my pussy through
them.
     "Oh Sarah," Jim moaned, looking at me.  "You're
legs are beautiful."
     "Take your clothes off and show him the rest of
your body, baby," Mom said.  I noticed she was
unbuttoning the blouse she had on, too, and before
you could count to ten we were all naked.  Jim's cock
was real hard, and my cunt was so wet I was dripping
cooze all down the insides of my thighs and legs.
     "Oh baby, I can smell you," Mom sighed, inhaling
deeply, playing with herself.  "You're hot, aren't you,
baby.  As hot as your old mom, aren't you."
     "Yes!" I hissed, spreading my naked legs, letting
her, and Jim, see how wet my cunt was as I rubbed it
for them, and myself.
     "Would you like to taste this?" Mom asked,
holding Jim's dick, pointing it toward my face.  "Would
you like to eat his cum, baby, like your mother loves to
do?"
     "Yes!" I hissed again, my mouth watering.  God
how I wanted that cock in my mouth.  I wanted to feel
it shooting jism all over my face, and onto my tongue,
and I wanted to eat Jim's cum.
     "Then do it, baby.  Suck his cock.  It's okay.  Do
it," Mom encouraged.  I didn't need to be asked twice. 
Moving onto the floor next to her, when Mom offered
Jim's cock to me, I took it, letting it slide between my
lips, sucking it, softly, lovingly, until moments later when
he started coming in my mouth.
     "Oh Jim, yeah, baby, do it, fill my little girl's
mouth with that hot, sticky cum.  Splash it all over her
face, Jim.  Cum on her lips, and cheeks.  Oh yeah, like
that, just like thatttttt...." Mom screamed.  She was
coming, and so were Jim and I.  When I felt the first
spurt from Jim's dick hitting the back of my throat my
orgasm started building, but when he took his dick out
of my mouth and started shooting off all over my face I
really had an orgasm.
     "UHHHHH HMMM OH FUCK, FUCK ME, COME ON
ME, SHOOT YOUR HOT, JUICY CUM ALL OVER MY FACE!"
I begged, gasping and grunting like a crazy woman,
riding the big wave of lust up, up, up, and over, until I
felt myself come rushing down, slamming into the
bottom of some gigantic dark hole, floating, sinking,
feeling the cum hot on my cheeks and face, loving it,
wanting more, holding my breath for that one last jolt
of pleasurable sensation before I blacked out.
     When I awoke I was in my bed, and I could hear
voices coming from the living room.  I got up and
pulled on a thin robe, then walked down the hall to
the living room.  Six or seven guys were there, with Mom
and Jim, and everyone was naked.  Mom was on the
floor, taking turns sucking off the men, her face
covered with cum.

     She looked up when she heard me moan, saw
me, and smiled, wiping a long strand of cum from her
cheek, then sucking if off her fingers.  

     "Boys, meet my daughter," she said.  All eyes in
the room turned toward me, and as though I were
being drawn into the room against my will, I found my
shaking legs carrying me toward the naked men.

     "You know what I think would really be hot,"
Mom said.  "I'd like to lie on the floor next to Sarah and
have you guys take turns fucking us."  Mom looked at
me and here eyes were glazed over with lust.  Then she
held out her arms for me, and I got down on the floor
next to her, letting my thin robe fall open, exposing my
tits and wet pussy.

     "You haven't really ever been fucked until
you've been gang-fucked, Sarah," Mom said, hugging
me, pulling me close to her sweating, hot flesh.  "Wait
until you feel it, baby.  It's... it's soooo hot.  One cock
after another, coming in your pussy, filling you with
nasty cum.  Afterward, if you want, I'll eat it out of you,
or Jim will.  OHHHHH," she cried out, and I looked as
one of the men lay down on top of her and began
fucking her.

     Then it was my turn.  I tore my eyes away from
Mom, and looked up.  The man standing there over
me, playing with his hard cock, was none other than
Jim, my "dad."  

     "I get to fuck her first," he said in a husky voice as
he lowered his naked body down to mine.  "She's
family."

     I felt him probing around trying to find the
entrance to my pussy, so I reached down and spread
my cunt lips open as wide as I could, helping him guide
the hard, thick cock up inside me.  

     "UHHHHH!" I gasped as he filled my wet cunt with
his dick.  God, it felt wonderful.  This man who I'd known
and loved as a father for a long time was now fucking
me, as my Mom lay there next to me getting dicked
herself.  I can't ever remember even imagining a
fantasy as hot as this, yet here I was, lying here in real
life, and it was happening to me.

     It was all too much for me.  I simply lost it, big
time.  I started screaming and digging Jim's back with
my nails, raising up off the floor as high as I could to
capture more of his hot rod in my cunt, wrapping my
legs around him, feeling him grabbing my ass to pull
me even tighter against his body, forcing his dick so far
up inside my cunt it kept hitting the back walls of my
vagina.  

     When it exploded it was the most awesome
experience of my life.  I screamed as loud as I could,
and the orgasm that jolted me was so powerful I
began drooling out of the side of my mouth.  My eyes
rolled up into the top of my head, and every fiber of
my body shook and twitched and jerked as I spasmed
around on the floor, feeling Jim's pulsating cock
exploding inside my cunt.

     "Oh oh oh oh oh," I kept moaning, over and
over, squealing like a pig, unable to comprehend
anything this hot.  Then I felt someone coming on my
face, and I turned to look up at another exploding
cock as cum rained down on my cheeks and lips.  I
lapped it up as though it were ice cream, while my
Mom kept egging me on, telling me to eat it, to
swallow the cum, and to get ready for another cock in
my pussy.

     Before I was even through coming, Jim pulled
out and another man took his place, fucking me as fast
as he could for about twenty seconds.  Then he, too,
was coming in my cunt.  He pulled out, and another
man fucked me, then another, and another....

     I lost count of how many times I got fucked that
day, but Mom was right.  You've never been fucked
until you'll pulled a train of cock like that.  It was
fucking unbelievable, and I can't wait for it to happen
again....
