I am the middle child, with sisters, one older and one younger.  Both my
parents are still married.  My story happened 5 years ago when I was 15.  My
older sister, Susan, was 18 and my younger sister, Sara, was 14.  At the time,
both my sisters were good looking.  (They are knock outs now)  My oldest had
nice tits, long legs, and a nice round ass.  My youngest sister had started
blooming at 12, and had pretty nice sized tits, for her age.

I used to come home from school and sneak into my parents room a get one of my
dad's dirty magazines, then go back to my room and look at the pictures.  I
would get rock hard.  One day I started to play with my hard shaft and found
how good it felt.  I used to beat off about 3 times a week.  My whole family
was close and we all talked about everything.  Everything except sex.  I
"learned" about sex and from school and my dad's magazines.  I started getting
curious about women, and wanted to see naked women.  I started becoming a
pervert I guess. (which I still am.)

I started peeking at my mom and sisters when ever I could get a chance.  I
would open the door to my sister's room and watch them get dressed, or watch my
mom through her bedroom window.  Watching my mom was the easiest, My parents
room, my room, and a room we made into a den were on the second floor of our
house.  my sister's rooms were on the first floor.  Since my mom and dad were
on the second floor, they rarely closed the drapes.  I would climb out my
bedroom window and watch my mom through her's.  If I got caught, I was "getting
the ball [basket ball] down off the roof".

I got my first good view of my mom one day when I accidentally walked into the
bathroom when mom was getting out of the shower.  There she was, standing in
full view.  My mom is a very pretty women, even five years later, she is hot.
She works out and eats good food.  Her measurements are 38-28-36.  My dad is
one lucky guy.  Well, I just stood there and stared for a few seconds, and then
turned to leave. "Hold on", she said.  I turned back around.  She asked me if I
would mow the lawn this afternoon, and wash her car.  I said yes, and asked if
there was anything else I could do.  I was stalling to get a good look.  She
said no, the whole time she stood there without a stitch of clothing, she never
even wrapped the towel around her.  I closed the door behind me, went to my
room and whacked off.

The following weekend, my parents were out of town, I think they went to Las
Vegas.  My oldest sister went to stay the weekend at grandma's house.  I had t
stay home because Sara was there.  I had made up my mind, after seeing my mom,
to get the same look at my two sisters. Sara went next door to her friends
house and I went up town for a while.  I told Sara that I would be home before
dark, that she could stay at Monica's until 7:30 pm (it got dark about 7:00).

My sister got home about 7:15 and I told her to go take a shower and I would
make something for dinner.  So Sara got her night gown and went in to take a
shower, while she was in the shower, I checked to door to see if it was locked.
She left it open, I went in a took the towel she had out.  When I heard the
water shut off I knocked on the door and asked her if she wanted corn or green
beans with dinner, she said she didn't care, and asked me to get a towel.  I
did, and walked into the bathroom.  I could see her through the lightly fogged
glass door. I just stood there, she ask me to throw the towel to her.  I told
her to come and get it.  Like I said, we were all close.  She opened the door
and said, "give it here."  I had done it, there she was standing there totally
naked.  I thought to myself, two down one to go.  I Stared as she walked up t
me, took the towel and started drying off. I left and went up to my bedroom,
pulled out the pud and started whacking.  I was startled to hear, "What we were
having for diner?  What are you doing?"  I was embarrassed, standing there,
shorts around my ankles, and cock in my hand.

Seeing the look of surprise, and seeing Sara staring at my rod, I asked her if
she had ever seen a dick before.  She said "No, "I have heard my girl friends
talk about them but never saw one."  "Well", I said, "this is a dick."  I told
her to promise not to tell anyone that she saw my dick.  She said she wouldn't.
I told her that I would show her something else, but she had to promise not to
tell anyone what happens in this room.  She told me she wouldn't.  I got out
one of dad's fuck magazines.  This is one that actually shows insertion. This
magazine has straight pictures, threesomes, orgies, lezs and gays.  (I still
have it)  I opened it up and showed my sister some of the pictures.  I told her
that since I had no clothes on she should drop the towel.  And she did.

As we sat there, flipping through pages, I had a raging hardon.  I asked Sara
how she felt, she said that she felt weird.  I told her not to be scared, I
won't hurt you.  I bent over and kissed her tit, and put my hand on the other
and rubbed a minute.  I the asked her if she would like to touch my dick.  She
said yes.  I leaned back and she gently began to handle my hard cock.  I told
her to stroke it.  I put her hand around it and showed her how.  She caught on
quickly, and began stroking it up and down.  I told her that if she kept it up
she will make me cum.  She looked at me funny, I said, you'll see.  It didn't
take long and I squirted my cum all over the bed.  We looked at some pictures,
she saw one with a women sucking a man's dick.  She looked at me and asked if
anyone had ever done that to me.  I told her no.  She asked me if she coul
try.  I said yes.  She took in the head of my cock into her mouth.  What a
sight, I still love the sight of a mouth over my cock.  My sisters cheeks were
bulging as she sucked my dick.  I was about ready to cum when she stopped, and
said her mouth was tired.  I said okay.  I asked her to make me cum again, and
she stroke my dick until I shot another load.  I asked her if she had a good
time, she said she did, and asked if she could take the magazine to her room. I
said she could and off she went.

I started plotting on a way to see Susan nude.  I knew it wouldn't be eas
because of her age.  She wouldn't let me just barge in on her in the shower.
But it did finally happen.  And boy was it a dilly. About a month after my
seeing Sara, Susan had over a friend of hers, Kelly.  Kelly was one fine babe.
She was a cheerleader, and every guy's wet dream.  It was Friday night, we all
ate, then watched some TV.  My parents went up to bed about 10:00 pm.  Sara was
gone away to a friends.  Susan and Kelly went to Susan's room to watch a movie.
Susan had saved her money and bought a TV and VCR for her room.  I decided to
see if I could get a peek at them through Susan's window. I quietly went
outside and around the side of the house to Susan's bedroom window.  I couldn't
believe my luck, earlier I had opened the drapes a little, and they were still
open.  It was very dark outside, and the space between the curtains was wide
enough that I did not have to get that close to the window.

Well, I had a very good view, Kelly was getting
undressedand Susan was loading the VCR.  Kelly took off all her clothes except
her undies, then put on a night shirt.  After loading the VCR, my sister did
the same.  Then she went to the door and locked it.  They both hopped onto the
bed as the movie started.  I couldn't believe my eyes, the movie was a porno
flick. The first scene was a guy and two women going at it.  The man was
fucking the one women while the other was sitting on her face.  I had a
instant hardon. About 15 minutes into the movie I realized why I was outside, I
looked over onto the bed and my sister had her head buried between Kelly's
legs.  Kelly had removed her clothes and was rubbing her tits while my sister
ate her out.  I could here them moaning and talking.  Kelly was telling Susan
to eat her, she was telling her how good it felt.  Kelly told Susan to turn
around so that she could play with play with her cunt.  There it was, almost
staring me in the face, my sister's cunt, spread open by another girl's
fingers.  I had to stroke myself and I came all over myself.

A couple weeks later, I told Susan what I had saw.  She was surprised, she
wanted to know what I was doing outside her window.  I told her about having a
secrete mission of seeing all the women in the family totally nude.  I asked
her if she would get nude for me so that I could complete my mission.  She

aid, "I thought you said you saw use the other night."  I said I did, but I
wanted to see her again, alone. She agreed.  But if I waited until this weekend
when mom and dad were gone, she would make it better.

Well, the weekend came, mom and dad left to Vegas again, and Sara got to go t
Grandma's house, per Susan talking her into it.  Saturday night came around
finally.  I was excited.  I was going to finally see Susan nude.  Little did I
know, Susan had also made plans.

Susan had closed all the drapes and locked all the doors.  She then called me
into the living room.  She was really decked up, white bra, panties, hose and
garters, the whole works.  She asked me how she looked, I said she looked
great.  She told me to take off my clothes first.  I did that in a second.  She
then told me to sit on the couch, which I did.  She took off her bra and let
her nice tits free.  She walked up to me and asked if I would like to touch
them.  I said yes, and reached up and played with them.  She leaned over and I
kissed one.  She looked at my cock and asked if I would like for her to suck
it.  She said, Sara said you liked it.  "Don't be surprised", she said, when
you told me about you mission, I went and asked Sara if she knew.  She told me
everything."  I answered her question yes.  She dropped to her knees and began
licking my cock.  Just as she was sucking, I saw Kelly enter the room.  She was
wearing the same thing Susan was, except hers was black.  She walked into the
room and took off her bra.  I couldn't believe my eyes.  Kelly asked, "did you
like our show the other night?"  I of course said yes.  She told me to get on
my knees, and taste her cunt.  I did, and my sister moved behind me.  I started
to use my hands, but was told to put them behind my back.  I started to slide
my tongue into her panties, put I couldn't get a good lick.  I tried to use my
hands again, my sister told me again to keep my hands behind my back.  I did,
and she put handcuffs on my wrists.  She then said, "that should keep your
hands still." She then walked over to Kelly, and helped her out of her panties.
And the Kelly took Susan's off.  I watched as they kissed each other and played
with each others cunts.  Susan then layed down on the floor, Kelly told me to
eat Susan's cunt.  She sucked you, now it is your turn.  I did, and she taste
great.  As I was on the floor eating my sister's cunt Kelly took one of her
panties hose and started rubbing up and down my legs.  The next thing I knew,
she had my legs tied up with them.  My sister got up and her and Kelly helped
me to my feet and then to Susan's room.  As we entered, laying on Susan's bed
was Jim, Kelly's boy friend.  Of course a jock.  He played on the football
team, was about 6'2", 190 lbs, and had about a eight inch boner sticking
straight.  He said, "about time you guys got here."  The told me to get on the
bed, and Jim told Kelly to suck my dick, while Susan sucked his.  I was abou
ready to cum and she quit sucking.  She could tell I was about to explode.  Jim
pulled Susan's mouth off of Jim's cock.  All three positioned me against the
headboard, sitting up.  Jim said that Susan had done a good job on his pole,
but he didn't cum. Somehow, I knew what was going to happen next, so I said,
"would you like me to finish you off."  With that, Jim put his cock into my
face and I started to suck.  He held my head and began fucking my mouth. Deep
strokes until he came in my mouth.  I swallowed must of it.  What I didn't, the
two girls did.

Jim made Susan kiss and then the ultimate.  Jim released me and told me to fuck
Susan.  She was laying on the bed so I mounted her and fucked her silly.  I
came like I never did before.  Jim was fucking Kelly, and she was moaning like
crazy.  Jim told the girls to lick each other clean and positioned them into a
69.  Then grabbed my dick, knelled down and blow me until I came again.  He
swallowed all of it.

Since that night, I have been to parties with Susan.  She makes me suck her
boyfriends and girl friends.  Also, when Sara turned 17, we included her in our
little family affairs.


About a year and a half after my "family experience", I had developed
quite well in the personal area. My cock had grown to its full extent.
8 and 1/2 inches. I was very proud. So was Susan. She would "show" me to
her friends and we would all have a good time. Whenever we could arrange
to get the parents and Sara out of the house, we would have a little
party. Most of the time, alone.  But every once in a while, Kelly or one
of Susan's other friend would join us.  I never had another gay
experience. (To date, I have only had 2 gay experiences since that first
time with Jim.)
   
   Anyway, it was Summer, I was swimming in the pool, my father was away
on business, Sara and Susan had gone to spend the week at Grandma's.
They often went to help grandma with the yard work.  Mom had come home
from shopping and put all the things away.  She had put on her bathin
suit and came out to swim.  It was a one piece suit with french cut legs
and a zipper up the front. Her long legs looked great in the suit, and
she had the zipper partly down so that there was plenty of cleavage. At
40, she sure had one fine figure.   Well, we were sitting in the pool
chatting about the week, she said she missed dad. I asked her if she
bought any thing for him while she was out. She said she bought some
sexy things to greet him with. I asked if I could see what she got
later. She said, "Sure, when we get out and I shower, I will try it on
and model it for you. You're a man now, you can tell me if you think
your father will like it."    I couldn't wait, being the pervert that I
have become, the chance of seeing mom in some sexy clothes made me
hard.  Well, the time came, mom said she was going to take a shower, and
she would call me when she was ready to model her new outfit. I went in,
took a quick shower, played with myself for a few minutes, but I didn't
want to cum yet.  I figured that after seeing mom, I would have a bigger
load.  I was wearing only my underwear, that's all I usually wore around
the house when we didn't have company. Mom called from up stairs.  I ran
up the stairs, the door was closed, so I knocked, she told me to cum in
and sit on thebed. When I did, she walked out of the bathroom. She was
wearing a lacy black and red bra and panties.  Black nylons with garters
and black spiked heels. The bra pushed her tits together to form a nice
cleavage. As she stood there, posing, I couldn't help but stare, and get
hard. She asked me how I liked it.  I mumbled a bit and told her she
looked great. I told her that I was sure dad would approve.  She was
admiring herself in the mirror when I decided to tell her about wanting
to see her nude last year.  told her that she was the first nude woman I
had ever seen and that she is still one of the best looking. She turned
to me and asked me if I still liked to see her. I said "Yes, I watch you
all the time through the window." I also told her that I watch Sara and
Susan. (I held back the rest of the story). She said, "Well then son,
since you have seen me nude, let me see you. I haven't seen you without
clothes on since you were 12."  With that, I removed my underwear, my
cock standing straight out in front of me. She said, "Boy, have you
grown! It looks great. I bet you make the girls happy." I smiled and
said yes. She asked me if I masturbate after looking at her, I told her
I did. She said, "I haven't quite shown you all of this outfit." She put
one leg up on the bed to show me her shaven cunt through her crotchless
panties. She took her finger, and gently spread her cunt lips apart.
Her cunt glistened with her juices.  She said, "I don't know about you,
but I am horny."  She started to play with her clit. I stood up and went
to her, unfastened her bra, and grabbed her tits. She sat on the bed,
legs spread and worked on her cunt, inserting her fingers then licking
them clean. I started sucking my mom's boobs like I did as a child. She
started moaning.  She shook when she came. I then stood in front of her,
cock near her mouth. She said, "Son, I know what you want, but please
don't." I said, "If Sara and Susan can suck it, so can you!" I took her
head and pushed her mouth onto my shaft. I could tell she wanted to do
it because there was no hesitation. She sucked me and it wasn't long
before I came, and she took it all.  I help her out of the rest of her
clothes, bent between her legs and ate her cunt. She moaned, and begged
for me to make her cum. Then, before she came, I got on the bed, had her
mount me and while she fucked me, I played with her ass. Using our
juices from her cunt, I lubed up her bung hole, and soon had a finger up
it. She was riding me and cumming. When she climbed off, she got on her
hands and knees, used her hands to spread her ass cheeks, and led my
cock to that tight brown hole. I came in no time up her ass. We fell
asleep. I woke the next morning with mom's mouth around my hard dick. I
came twice in her mouth.
