Archive-name: Family/saraint.txt
Archive-author: Oz, Inc.
Archive-title: Sarah's Introduction (part I & II)


READER ADVISORY:  The following story contains graphic descriptions of
                  sexual acts, including, but not limited to, incest,
                  female homosexualism, 'kinda' non-consensual sex, and
                  sex involving a minor.  If you are offended by any
                  of the above mentioned activities, DO NOT READ THIS
                  ARTICLE!

                           "SARAH'S INTRODUCTION"

   Ever since the age of about 16, I've had an affinity for young girls.
Now that I've reached the ripe old age of 24, nothing's changed.  My current
girlfriend has recently reached her seventeenth birthday, and I plucked her
from a local high school when she was 15.  She had already had sex by the
time we met, but nothing like the sex that we have now.  I've taught her
many things, and have had a few things taught to me in return.  I've coaxed
her into many 'bizarre' sexual scenes by the dropping of a subtle hint or
two to point her in the right direction.  About two months ago I started
pressing her on the idea of adding another woman to our sexual escapades,
and she was quite receptive to say the least.  Jennie placed the burden of
finding an acceptable participant on me, and I started spewing out
suggestions almost immediately.  I had several ex-girlfriends that had
expressed a desire to experience a threesome, but Jennie refused to do
anything with a girl I had a relationship with.  Jokingly I made reference
to her her 8 year old sister, who had begun to develop rather nicely for her
age.  I was taken aback when the response was "I bet she would, if we got
her drunk..."  This particular scenario both excited me and frightened me at
the same time.  Jennie's parents had three or four cows over OUR
relationship, but if they ever found out I did something with Sarah it's be
off to jail for me.  When Jennie began expressing a real interest in
seducing and stealing the innocence from her young sister, my hormones
started speaking louder than my common sense.  I was practically guaranteed
complete secrecy and safety, so we agreed to start working her over.  Sarah
was always asking Jennie about our relationship, and wanted to know what
exactly it was that we did until so late at night.  Until we began
conspiring, Jennie's responses were restricted to the typical "You'll know
when your old enough", or "It's none of your business.", but now she began
slipping in little details about our sex life.  Sarah's curiosity began
increasing, and Jennie's explanations started to get more and more detailed.
As the frequency of these little chat sessions increased, Jennie started
getting physical with her younger sister.  She brushed her hair, rubbed her
back, and did other various 'innocent' things that allowed her to get close
to Sarah.  About the time that these 'sisterly attentions' had started
leaning toward the sexual end of the spectrum Jennie and Sarah's parents
were going on a month-long Summer vacation in France.  They wanted to spend
the time away from the family because of marital problems, so they
practically begged Jennie to take care of her sister while they were away.
She agreed, and I even offered to make sure everything was taken care of
while they were away.  Even though I had taken Jennie at such an early age,
they knew me to be a very responsible and trustworthy person.  Without much
further ado, the day arrived when we had to cart them down to the airport
and see them off for a whole month.  Sarah actually shed a tear or two at
the terminal, but me and Jennie could barely contain our happiness enough to
look the least bit sad.  The plane took off, and we rushed to the car so we
could get home early enough to enjoy the house without the watchful eyes of
worried parents.  Sarah had been out of school for the Summer for about two
weeks, but she still had a 9:00 bedtime.  The first words out of her mouth
when we returned home were "Can I stay up late and watch T.V. with you two?"
Her smile ran ear to ear when we said she could stay up as long as she
wanted when we were in charge of the house.  As usual, she went out and
played with her friends in the neighborhood, so me and Jennie used the time
to discuss exactly what we planned on doing.  We both agreed that it would
be a mistake to rush into anything, so we decided it would be best to
continue with the innocent caresses, but to have me be present.  Sarah came
running in at about 7:00 to eat supper, and when she was done Jennie made
her take a bath to wash off the filth that she had acquired playing outside
with her friends.  When she was done with the bath, Jennie pulled her into
her bedroom and sat her down.  Jennie took on a very serious air and told
her sister that it was about time she started dressing more like a girl than
a boy.  Jennie had often caught Sarah trying on her clothes, and she seemed
very interested in the more 'intimate' apparel and the more 'slutty' outfits
that her sister had.  Sarah was kind of a tom boy, and the only clothes she
had were jeans, a couple pairs of shorts, tee shirts, maybe a sweater or
two, and other clothes that wouldn't strike up much interest in a member of
the opposite sex.  Earlier that week, Jennie and I took it upon ourselves to
buy Sarah a small wardrobe of her own clothes, more for us than for her.  We
concentrated on the lingerie, which was remarkably easy to find in her size.
While she was only 8 years old, she had the body of a 12 or 13 year old.
Her tits were developing nicely, and she fit nicely in Jennie's old 32-B
bras.  We dropped about $150 at the local Frederick's, and got quite a
selection of nice things.  When Jennie layed out what she wanted her sister
to wear, Sarah smiled, and eagerly agreed to 'play dress-up'.  Jennie wanted
to take it easy the first night, so she picked a lacy black bra and a pair
of black bikini panties for starters.  Sarah only had cotton underwear until
that day, and she got a kick out of finally having some 'older girl'
clothes.  A baggy sweater and a tight skirt that Jennie donated completed
the outfit.  Sarah asked if Jennie would help her put on some make-up, and
she was met with an instant and eager "Yes!"  They spent about 45 minutes in
the bathroom, and when they came out they asked me to close my eyes.  At the
count of three I opened them to see a very attractive young woman.  I
complimented her lavishly, and her face blushed many shades of red.  We
rented a copy of 9 1/2 Weeks to watch that night, and the three of us
retired to the living room.  I sat on the end of the couch with Jennie
between me and Sarah.  We started the movie, and cracked open a couple
beers.  Sarah meekly asked if she could have a sip, and Jennie offered her a
whole one, as long as she would promise not to say a word to anyone.  She
agreed.  Three beers later we could tell that Sarah was a bit buzzed.
Jennie had been casually moving closer to her sister and had managed to get
an arm around her.  Sarah shocked us both when she layed her head on
Jennie's chest.  The oppurtunity was seized, and Jennie  began lightly
stroking her sisters head.  We noticed with a smile that Sarah's breathing
was getting getting heavier, and she was constantly adjusting the position
of her legs.  Jennie finally took a chance and started rubbing Sarah's upper
chest.  "That feels good..." was Sarah's response in a somewhat husky voice.
I knew she was getting off on these new sensations, and my cock starting
pushing hard against my flimsy jogging pants.  Jennie couldn't restrain
herself anymore, and she soon found her hand venturing under Sarah's
sweater.  There was an 'evil' look in Jennie's eyes, and I could tell she
was getting hot feeling up her little sister.  A small gasp escaped Sarah's
lips as Jennie applied a slight pinching pressure to the developing
nipples.  I'm not sure if it was the beer or her sex drive speaking, but
Jennie asked "Would you like to see what me and Rick do when we're alone
togehter?"  "You know I do!" was the reply from the almost drunk little
girl.  Sarah reclined in the couch as Jennie stood up and slowly removed her
clothes.  I could see up Sarah's skirt out of the corner of my eye, and I
noticed a small wet spot on the crotch of Sarah's panties.  We were in.  I
knew it.  Jennie knew it.  When she was totally naked, she took off my shirt
and started kissing my upper body.  I was on the verge of losing my load
right there, so I asked to be excused to go to the bathroom.  It took about
two strokes and I got off.  There was no way I wanted to come right away
when I had swx THIS night.  I returned to Jennie's attentions, and she
smiled a knowing smile at me.  She tugged my sweat pants down enough to
expose the still glistening head of my cock and licked a drop of my cum off
the tip.  Jennie looked over at her little sister and caught her with her
hand rubbing the wet spot that had formed between her legs.  "Have you ever
seen one of these?" Jennie asked, exposing more of my semi-hard cock.  "Only
once, when I peeked in the bathroom and saw Dad's..." was Sarah's reply.
"I'll let you touch it later, if you want.  Would you like that?" asked
Jennie.  A smile and a nod was all Sarah could manage.  I could feel my cock
expanding again, and Jennie's attentions were soon returned to me.  She
finished taking off my sweats, and started lightly kissing my throbbing
shaft.  We were pleasantly interrupted from time to time by light moans
coming from Sarah, who was quite busy stroking her wet crotch.  "Wouldn't
you be more comfortable out of those clothes like us, Sarah?", I asked.  She
didn't say a word, but after a nod from Jennie, she eagerly began to
disrobe.  Her body was dreamy, even though it was so young.  Her tits were
small, but they were nice and firm, with small budding nipples.  She
hesitated at her panties, but another gesture from Jennie was all it took
for her to drop them to the floor.  There it was!  Amazingly, she had not
started to get pubic hair yet and it was as smooth as a baby's butt.  My
eyes were fixed on her hairless cunt as she returned to her position on the
couch.  Jennie apllied a squeezing pressure to my cock to remind me that I
was HERS.  She started licking my balls as her hand was slowly and
deliberately stroking my swollen member.  We were startled as Sarah let out
a louder-than-normal moan that almost bordered on a scream.  She was in
seventh heaven as she enjoyed her very first orgasm.  Jennie smiled and
returned to pleasuring me, this time by giving me and honest to goodness
blow-job.  I could feel the urge to cum and let Jennie know with a slight
tug of her hair.  She paused and looked at Sarah, "Watch this!  This is what
you get when you're a good girl..."  She pumped my dick hard about 5 more
times and I shot my load.  She caught most of it in her mouth, and eagerly
lapped up what she didn't.  Sarah was amazed, to say the least.  We took a
break and switched the tape in the VCR.  We thought it was safe to bring out
the hardcore stuff, so we put in an all girl movie, Sex Kittens.  After
another beer or two, and the sight of two naked women next to me (especially
the 8 year old that would soon be mine) my cock started growing again.  "Can
I help?" Jennie asked, as she watched her little sister stroke her little
juicy twat.  "Yes, please!" was her answer.  I couldn't believe this girl!
She was as bad as her sister!  Jennie wasted no time and found her place
between Sarah's legs.  The moans and cries flowed freely from the young
girls mouth as her sister started lapping the juices that were flowing
between her legs for the first time.  Sarah's eyes were closed, so I took
the oppurtunity to move in between her luscious thighs and have a taste for
myself.  She felt my touch and jumped back alittle, but Jennie calmed her
down and she again leaned back and enjoyed the feeling.  Without a word,
Jennie stood up and positioned cunt near Sarah's face.  Sarah could smell
the wetness that was so close to her nose, and she opened her eyes.  She
knew what Jennie wanted, and without a single word she began licking the
glistening slit.  Jennie manuevered herself so she was squatting over
Sarah's head, and she rode the little girl's face like she rode mine.  Sarah
was excellent at giving head and she gave Jennie at least 10 orgasms in as
many minutes.  The sight of the two sisters making getting it on and the
smooth pussy that I had been munching on was too much.  I had to get my dick
in that tight little box.  I gave the tight little hole a thick coat of
saliva and stroked some of it on my dick.  I positioned the head of my cock
against her tiny opening and began applying pressure.  She gasped, and
Jennie opened her eyes and smiled at me.  The pain could be seen on the
little girl's face as I continued forcing the head of my cock through her
virgin door.  Tears were rolling down her eyes, but there was no way I was
going to stop then.  With the head of my dick totally encased in her box, I
planted a deep kiss on the sobbing girl's lips.  I could feel the vibrations
of her screams of pain and pleasure in the back of my throat.  At that
instant I felt a 'pop' sensation in her little cunt, and my cock started
sliding in alittle easier.  I did it!  I popped that little bitches cherry!
Her screams turned to moans, and her hips started bucking at me feverishly.
I managed to force three quarters of my shaft into her hole when I felt
myself bottom out.  Jennie had returned to a kneeling position beside her
sister and was stroking Sarah's little clit as I pumped my meat into her
reddening cunt.  I was on the verge of orgasm and my strokes started pushing
deeper into the young girl, despite the resistance.  I was pushed over the
edge as I heard her have another orgasm, and I dumped my entire load into
her virgin pussy.  It felt like I was cumming forever, and I didn't think it
would stop.  When it finally did, I kissed her again and winked at Jennie as
I pulled my tool out of the little girls snatch.  My cum dripped out of her
little red cunt and ran down along the crack of her ass, and a small amount
collected in her asshole.  I seen that and I knew it was just the start of a
very interesting relationship.  We spent the night together with Sarah on
the couch, and she layed contentedly in my arms with a smile on her face
that lasted through the night.  Our introduction was nice, but that night marked
only marked the first of many nights that we have enjoyed since then.  The
things Jennie and I have done to her little sister since the first night
we made love to her would make a good hard core porn movie, if not, worse.
The best thing about it is that she's still only 8 years old and she's still
begging for more!  We'll give it to her, one way or another...

--
Part II


Rick, 24 years old.
Jennie, 17 years old, Rick's girlfriend.
Sarah, 8 years old, Jennie's sister.

   Situation:  The girls parents are vacationing in France for a month.
               It's the day after they departed, and the day after Rick and
               Jennie have introduced Sarah to the joys of sex.

Enough BS... The saga continues...

                       Sarah's Introduction (part II)


   The three of us woke the next morning at about 10:00, and we were still
more or less in the same positions as we had been when we drifted off to
sleep the night before.  Jennie looked over to her baby sister and asked how
she was feeling.  With a blush and a somewhat sheepish smile she said "I
feel great!  Last night was the most fun I've had in all my life!  Do you
think maybe we could do it again sometime?"  Jennie and I broke out laughing
in perfect unison.  "Of course!  Sooner than you think, sweetie.  Now go
wash up for breakfast.", was Jennie's reply.  With all the grace the little
girl could muster, she picked up her clothes and dashed off to the bathroom.

   While Sarah was off in the bath, me and Jennie had a short discussion
about what was next in store for our new-found sex partner.  Various nasty
ideas were tossed around, and we were having a hard time deciding.  "How
'bout I invite a friend or two over?", I asked.  "Not yet!  She's probably
still sore from last night!", was Jennie's reply.  "Maybe it's time we
finally try that piss fantasy you've always had...", was Jennie's
suggestion.  "That's an idea, but that's really not what I'm in the mood for
tonight...  I've got it!", and with that I began stroking Jennie's still
naked ass.  As I brushed a finger across her asshole a couple times, she
smiled and gave me a nod.  We were in agreement, so we shuffled upstairs to
take a shower.

   It was Jennie that first asked me to give it to her in her 'other hole'.
That's something I've always enjoyed.  She was a quick learner, and her ass
was incredibly tight.  Like everything else sexual, she immediately enjoyed
the sensation of being reamed, and ended up fucking ME harder than I was
fucking HER.  She attacked every new situation with gusto, and was, without
a doubt, the best piece of ass I ever had.  The whole time in the shower my
thoughts were of her sister, though.  It was hard enough convincing myself
that I had actually fucked an eight year old girl, but the thought of
sticking my dick in yet another of her virgin holes was absolutely
ludicrous!  I tried my best to convince Jennie that the hard-on I was
sporting in the shower was due to her beautiful body.  I think she knew the
truth, but she didn't let on, and didn't seem to mind.  The girl is
absolutely incredible.

   Once everyone was clean and dressed, we met at the kitchen table for a
nice breakfast I whipped out.  One and all attacked the food as if starved,
which was understandable after the previous night.  We finished, cleaned up,
and had a nice little chat.  Sarah said she was going to spend the greater
part of the day at her friend Shannon's house.  We called Shannon's mother,
and she said they had planned to take the kids to a movie and out to eat.
We agreed to let Sarah go, and we were promised that she would be home no
later than 8:00.

   "Remember to keep our secret, Sarah!", Jennie cautioned her sister as she
was leaving the house.  "Duh.  I'm not stupid, ya' know!", was Sarah's
somewhat defiant reply as she disappeared out the door, leaving the two of
us alone.  "Are you sure we should keep this up, Jen?", I asked.  Maybe my
common sense returned for a moment, I don't know.  "You better believe it!
You saw how much she enjoyed last night.  It would be a crime to deprive her
NOW..."  I nodded in agreement with a slightly shaky smile, and we retired
to the living room to discuss our plans for the night.

   We agreed it was probably still best to juice Sarah up alittle bit to get
her in the mood, so we'd have to go out and get another case of beer.
Jennie assured me that she had an ample supply of Vaseline (tm) in the
house, so we were set in that department.  We both thought that a movie with
a heavy anal theme would be best to get things rolling, and since we had
seen all the movies in our collection umpteen times, we decided to make a
trip to the video store to pick out something new.  With all the plans set
in stone, we left to run our errands and do some visiting with friends to
kill some time.

   We got back home around 6:30 or so, and Jennie disappeared into the
bathroom because she 'had a surprise' for me.  She was in there for about 20
minutes, and finally emerged with a huge smile on her face.  "Where's my
surprise?", I asked, somewhat disappointedly, as I didn't see anything
different.  She skipped over to me, grabbed my hand, and plunged it down her
spandex shorts.  To my delight, she had completely shaved her pussy bare!
She had always kept it nicely cropped, but was never brave enough to shave
it bald.  "Do you think Sarah will like this?", she asked.  I immediately
nodded in the affirmitive with a big, shit-eating grin on my face.  "You
better not like the young stuff TOO much!", she warned in her high and
mighty, dominating aire.  "You know you're the only one I love, honey!", I
said in my defence.  A sarcastic "Yeah, right." was all she said as she made
her way to her bedroom to get dressed.

   About 45 minutes later, Jennie emerged from her room in an outfit that
would make a dead man's dick hard.  She was wearing a leather teddy I had
bought her a couple weeks ago, with black seamed fishnet stockings attached
to the garter straps.  The 6 inch spiked heels she wore brought her eye to
eye with me, and she had her hair teased in a way that would have made her
perfectly at home with the sluttiest hooker in town.  She rarely wore any
make-up, but on this particular night she did.  Alot.  If I seen her on the
street, without knowing her, I would've thought she was trampiest, nastiest
creature to ever walk the face of the earth.  In other words, she was
absolutely GORGEOUS.  "You better be hard, or I'll kick your ass!", she said
in a playfully threatening tone.  I just smiled and pulled down my shorts.
She grabbed hold of my dick and gave it a slight squeeze as she planted a
deep kiss on my lips.  "I'm gonna wear a bathrobe over this until Sarah gets
home and has a couple brews.", she said.  I aggreed, and we retired to the
living room to wait for her little sister's return.

   Sarah finally got home at around 8:30, and the waiting had been driving
me and Jennie up the wall.  "Sorry I'm late!  Please don't be mad!", Sarah
pleaded with us.  "That's okay, sweets.  Ready to get dressed?", Jennie
asked Sarah.  "Really!?  We get to play again tonight!?", Sarah answered,
her joy and excitement barely containable.  I smiled, Jennie nodded, and
took her sister by the hand and led her upstairs to get ready.  I was told
to wait in the living room, so I did, popping open a beer and putting the
tape in the VCR.  We rented Caught from Behind Vols. 567 & 568, or whatever
damn number they're up to.  I was going insane waiting for the two girls to
return, but I knew if I started the tape without them I'd get bitched at
severely, so I waited, far from patiently.

   Finally, the two girls made their appearance about a half hour later.
Sarah and Jennie were wearing identical robes covering the treasures they
had in store for me.  Sarah looked almost exactly like her sister, as Jennie
had done her up exactly as she did herself earlier.  I caught a glimpse of
black heels under Sarah's robe, and I knew I was in for quite a treat.
"Close your eyes, Rick!", Sarah exclaimed.  Jennie looked surprised that her
sister was actually taking the initiative.  If I didn't know better, I
thought I saw a flash of jealousy in Jennie's eyes.  So, like a good boy I
obeyed the little girl's command and closed my eyes, covering them with my
hands just for good measure.  After about two or three minutes of giggles,
heel clicking, and the occasional "Don't peek!" from one or the other of the
girls, I was told to open my eyes, this time receiving my orders from
Jennie.  I did, and what stood before me would have surely knocked me off my
seat, if it didn't have a back.

   There they stood, my girlfriend and her sister, dressed EXACTLY alike.
They could have passed as twins if Sarah wasn't so much smaller.  "Do you
like it?  I got her the same outfit as mine today while you were over at
John's house.", Jennie said, seemingly very proud of herself.  I was at a
loss for words, and my mouth was hanging practically to the floor.  Jennie
giggled and said "He likes it alot, sweetheart.", to her blushing sister.
When I finally regained my senses, I complimented Sarah non-stop for about
10 minutes.  Jennie stood by, appreciatively, as if Sarah was a work of art
she had toiled on for a long time.  "So, ready to watch a good movie,
girls?", I asked, with a devilish look in my eyes.  They both smiled,
nodded, and sat down newt to me on the couch, this time Sarah seperating me
and Jennie.  I passed out the beers and started the tape.

   About a half hour into the movie, and about 3 or 4 beers later, Sarah was
obviously getting 'hot around the collar'.  She seemed to be totally amazed
by the act of anal intercourse, and she had absent mindedly been rubbing her
crotch off on through all the scenes.  "Doesn't that hurt?", she asked
Jennie with a look of innocence on her young face.  "It's never hurt me,
honey.  Think maybe you'd like to find out for yourself?", Jennie asked with
a naughty smile.  Sarah slammed the rest of her beer and looked at the bulge
between my legs.  "I love trying new things with you two!", she replied,
cracking open another beer.  "Can we do what we did last night first,
Jennie?  That felt so good and I'm getting an itchy feeling between my legs
again."  I couldn't believe this girl was only 8 years old!  Almost in
unison, me and Jennie answered her with resounding "Of course!"

   "Why don't you slide off your panties, Sarah?".  I said it more than
asked.  "You too, Jen.", I added for good measure.  The two girls stood up
in front of me and slowly dropped their shiny black panties to the floor.
"Hey!  You're pussy's bald like mine!", Sarah exclaimed.  She was picking up
the language as well as the motions.  Jennie smiled at her little sister.
"Do you like it, sweetie?", Jennie asked her sister.  "Yeah! I like it alot!
Can I, maybe, lick it again?", she asked, a bit sheepishly.  "You better
lick it again!  You do it so good!", Jennie replied with a playful,
threatening tone.  I just sat back and watched the two girls admire each
other, but my hand had slipped under my shorts and I had started stroking
what was, perhaps, the hardest hard-on I've ever had in my entire life.
Jennie glanced at me and smiled as she returned to the couch, spreading her
legs.  "I'm ready when you are, Sarah.", she said as she casually rubbed her
clit back and forth.

   "Wow!  You're really wet, Jennie!", Sarah said, full of awe as she
assumed a kneeling postion in front of her big sister.  "That's because you
turn me on so much, Sarah.  All that juice is for you.", Jennie replied in
her husky, bedroom voice.  Obediently, Sarah's tongue started to caress the
outer lips of her sisters hairless pussy.  I was not far from orgasm, as I
slowly stroked my cock watching the little girl make her sister come.
Sarah's left hand never left her own crotch, and I could see a small drop of
fluid running down her leg.  Her right hand had finally joined her
tongue in pleasing her her older sister, and she was working three fingers
in and out of Jennie's cunt as her tongue continued it's assault on on her
clitoris.  I had to get in on some of the action so I laid on the floor under
Sarah's crotch and grabbed ahold of her ass cheeks.  She accomodated me by
lowering her juicy cunt right onto my mouth, and as my tongue penetrated her
she let out a muffled moan.  I started working two fingers in and out of the
little girl as I started licking her virgin asshole.  The sensation must
have put her over the edge because she stopped eating out her sister and let
out a scream.  As she orgasmed, she rammed her fingers especially hard into
Jennie's twat, and gave her another orgasm.  I got up, looked at the girls
who were freshly relieved of some of their sexual tension, and pointed at my
pulsing cock.  "My turn!", I said with a smile.

   I assumed a reclining position on the couch so half of my ass was hanging
over the edge.  The two girls, still dressed in their teddies, stockings,
and heels kneeled between my outstretched legs.  Sarah took me first, and
began stuffing what she could of my cock into her small mouth.  She sucked
dick almost as good as her sister, and her mouth was tight, too.  After
about ten deep strokes, Jennie practically ripped my cock out of her sisters
mouth and started sucking it with a vengence.  She buried the entire shaft
into her mouth, and I could hear the stifled gags that were escaping her
throat.  It was as if she was trying to out do her little sister.  Sarah,
right on cue, began licking my balls.  The feeling was absolutely
incredible.  She managed to get one of my nuts completely in her mouth and
she was softly sucking on it as her sister continued giving me a tremendous
blow job.  I was on the verge of coming, and signalled the two girls to get
ready.  "Open your mouth, Sarah!", Jennie commanded.  Sarah did as she was
told and opened her mouth as wide as she could.  Jennie aimed my cock
directly at her sister's waiting mouth and gave three final, rough strokes
with her hand.  I had an enormous orgasm, and the output of come was
incredible.  Every drop made it into Sarah's mouth, and Jennie quickly
french kissed the girl before she had a chance to swallow.  After sharing my
load, they each gave my semi-erect cock a final suck and returned to my side
on the couch.  Everyone was grinning from ear to ear as I changed the tape
in the VCR, and cracked open three more brews.

   "I wish mom and dad would never come back!", Sarah said, as she finished
another beer.  She looked so old, so trampy, and she was only 8!  "Don't
worry.  We still have three weeks of freedom!", Jennie reassured her little
sister.  A particularly harsh anal scene popped on the screen at that
moment.  A black guy with a huge prick was ravaging a skiny blonde's tight
little asshole.  Sarah looked me in the eyes, then slowly lowered her gaze
to my hardening prick.  "Are you ready to show me what that feels like?",
she asked with a smile.  I nodded, stood up, and instructed Sarah to kneel
down between Jennie's legs so she could please her sister while I did my
part.  She did as she was told, and attacked her sister's glitening cunt
with renewed vigor.  I got on my knees behind her and bent down to lick her
tender, young pussy before I entered it.  "First things first.", I said, as
I rubbed the head of my cock against her tight little hole.  Her pussy had
regained its tightness from the previous night, and was offering alot of
resistance to my insistent thrusts.  She let out a small scream as I finally
ploughed my shaft in as far as it would go.  Jennie was totally oblivious to
anything that was going on as her sister ate her cunt with reckless abandon.
I continued fucking the little girl for 15 minutes or so, and she was
bucking back against me wildly when I decided it was time to take the plunge
'where no man has gone before'.  I got the jar of Vaseline (tm) and told her
what was about to happen.

   Jennie hopped off the couch and came behind her sister where I was gently
rubbing the lubricant on Sarah's puckering asshole.  "I gotta see this!",
Jennie exclaimed with a big smile and an evil look in her eyes.  Sarah's hips
were rocking back and forth as I eased one finger into her ass.  She let out
a small yelp, but her hips were rocking faster so I knew she was liking it.
I worked in a second finger, and Sarah began moaning non stop.  Jennie
decided to get in on the action and started playing with her sister's pussy.
By the time I greased my dick up and guided it towards her waiting asshole,
she had already reached orgasm 2 or three times.  Jennie was all smiles as
she continuously told her little sister how good she was, and how good her
tight pussy felt wrapped around her fingers.  I carefully placed the head of
my shaft against the virgin hole and applied a slight pressure.  Sarah was
biting her lip as I increased the force of the pressure I was applying.  The
muscle was beginning to relax as the head of my cock finally penetrated its
tightness.  "Do it!  Stick it in hard!  Fuck me in my ass!", she screamed.
I couldn't believe my ears, but I wasn't about to let her down.  With a
final, powerful thrust, I buried hy shaft into her ass until it was
three-quarters of the way in.  She screamed at first, but then began
matching the rhythm of my thusts.  After about 10 minutes of pounding her
backdoor, she was bucking back at me harder than I was thrusting towards
her.  So much alike, her and her sister!  Jennie was in seventh heaven as
she alternated playing with her sister's cunt and her own.  I was ready to
come and Sarah knew it because of my harder than normal pumps.  "Come all
over my little asshole!", she screamed.  I couldn't hold back any longer.  I
quickly pulled my dick out of her ass, and shot my load right in the still
gaping hole.  The sticky fluid was rhythmically ejected from her ass as her
sphincter pulsated uncontrollably.  It was amazing!  All three of us
experienced our orgasm at the same time!  Everyone was completely spent.
Completely satisfied.  We collapsed right there on the floor and went to
sleep, Jennie in my right arm and Sarah in my left.  It had been the best
night of my life... The best night until the next night, of course.

                                               Copyright, 1993, 0z, Inc.
END OF "SARAH'S INTRODUCTION (PART II)"
--
