From the Forum section of PlayBeing Stardate 48184.6 
"I've always enjoyed reading your Forum stories, but I never believed I'd have
a story of my own to tell, until that unforgetable night on Vulcan. Our ship,
the USS Nancyboy, had stopped in geosyncrous orbit around Vulcan, and the crew
were being rotated to and from the planet's surface for 72 hours R&R. Whilst
the rest of the medical bay crew were enjoying shore leave, I had the task of
stocktaking the medical supplies. Suddenly, my intercom badge buzzed, and I was
ordered by Capt. Grogan to take my medical kit and proceed immediately to
transporter room 3 for a medical emergency on the planet.
 
I arrived to find the medical wing looking as if a team of Klingons had being
playing "toast the treble". A fleeing Bjornan orderly stopped me, telling me
that embassador Sarek had lost control of both his bladder and his latent
telekinetic powers. The orderly babbled something about the building not being
able to take it any more, but I knew I had to attend to Sarek's arse.
 
As I stepped into Sarek's room, the first thing I noticed was the sheer,
backless surgical gown he was wearing. It was emerald green, and showed his
tightly clenched buns off perfectly. Now, I'm normally a strict homo-species,
but those gorgous, firm, round, lustmuffins caused me to give in to my dark
hetero-species desires. I unzipped my uniform in three seconds flat, applied
a generous amount of KY to my PleasureProbe, and advanced upon Sarek. As I
strapped him down, he appeared to regain lucidity. "Spock, I <gasp> must speak
with Spock" he cried. Then he saw my pulsating Meat-O-Man. "It's not <gasp>
logical. It does not fulfil any procreational <gasp> purpo...AAGHHH." I plunged
my PleasureProbe deep into his Chocolate Starfish. Backwards and forwards, I 
pumped into Sarek's now non-virginal arse. His groans and moans started getting 
more and more gutteral, and I had to dig my fingernails into my own arse to 
stop myself from cuming. I felt Sarek marshal his remaining strength as he 
attempted to use his mind powers to force me from his body. A few sharp blows 
to the back of his head convinced him that this was not a good idea.I noticed 
that Sarek's breathing was getting faster and more ragged, and so I stepped up 
my pace to match it. Suddenly, I felt his anal muscles start to spasm, and I 
knew his end (pardon the pun) was near. I started to thrust into Sarek just 
like Lt. Worf and I had thrust into Ensign Wesley, back when I served on the 
Enterprise. As I reached the point of no return, Sarek screamed, and I felt the 
earth move under my feet as he released all his remaining telekinetic energy 
into the room. It was too intense for me, and I blew my load there and then, 
producing more HomoSapiensSpooge than I had ever done before. As I withdrew my 
choad from his abused and battered arse, Sarek emitted his death rattle. As I 
moved to close his eyes, I couldn't help but notice the smile on his lips.
