
Some time ago, I bought satin sheets (not real satin - some sort of acryllic).
I quite like the texture, but they are a bit cold, and very slippery.

Do you like satin sheets? Or do you have another favorite? What about bear skin
rugs? Let me know what you like to lie on.

:: Peter ::



Talk about dissapointments.  I was given a set of satin sheets as a gift some
time ago.  THe feeling was rather sensual at first ....BUU
...BUT.....I couldn't get any traction at all which turned out to be quite a
handicap for lovemaking.  Furthermore, my partner and I found them impossible
for sleeping...we wound up getting up and changing them in the middle of the
night.  Damn pillows kept slipping away!!
    Seems satin sheets were better as a fantasy.


              jSteve



Dear Peter,

I've slept on satin sheets once, and decided that they were *much* better to
look at than to lie upon.  I"ll stick to wearing the satin, thank you! <smile>

I have a flannel comforter on my bed that I'm rather fond of.  I know that
flannel is a rather homely fabric, but the texture is lovely and it is soft and
warm.


...Rebecca



Dear Rebecca

I wonder why satin sheets have such a sensuous image? Nobody has yet come out
in support of them.

Are there any textures other than flannel that you like?

:: Peter ::



Dear Peter,

I'm still rather undecided about satin sheets.  Sometimes they feel quite good
to lie down on, especially after a long, hard day.

They're rather interesting to make love on, seems one's...ummm... mobility (?)
is increased due to less friction underfoot (or under-whatever).

On the other hand, I find them difficult to sleep on.  They alternately seem
hot and sticky, or cold and clammy.  The covers keep sliding off the bed, as do
the pillows!

Like you, I've only tried the "artificial" kind.  I wonder if the real thing
would be any better?

(regardless...they *are* pretty!)

    ....paula



Dear Steve,

<grin>

I love it!  I left my message *before* reading yours!

One of the most disconcerting experiences I've ever had was my "satin" encased
pillow creeping slowly off the bed in the middle of the night!  I nearly got up
for a safety pin to attach it to the sheet!!!

Maybe what's needed is one bed for sleeping and another for lovemaking?   Kind
of a satin covered "passion pit?"

Oh, but you didn't like the lack of "traction," I forgot. Personally, I kind of
liked that "slithery" sensation!

       ....paula



Dear Rebecca,

have you ever tried flannel sheets?

I have a friend who swears by them, but they just don't appeal to me.  But
then, I've never tried them.  I did have a satin and down comforter once.  I
*loved* that with a passion. The satin was on the *outside*.  Looked gorgeous,
and felt nice under my chin and under my fingers, but didn't slide off the bed!
(see previous message about the sheets!) <grin>

Anyway...what about those flannel sheets?



Peter,

I think one thing about satin sheets is that the very idea of sleeping on
*satin* is soooooooo decadent!  I mean, this is a LUXURY fabric!  Not really
used for such fundamental purposes as bed linen, for heaven's sakes! <smile>

Seriously, don't you think it has that same decadent, impractical appeal as
does a champagne bubble bath?

    ....paula



Hmmm....textures to lie upon....

Well, I've once slept on *real* linen sheets, and those were wonderful. They
were crisp and heavy--- I'll be really tacky and say that they felt expensive,
and that was the kick  <smile>.

Fur has never done a lot for me, although I don't think I've ever lain on any,
come to think of it.

Part of the charm of the comforter is that it folds around one, whether you are
under it or on top of it.  You can literally snuggle into it, which I like.

hugs!!


...Rebecca


I've never tried flannel sheets, although I have looked at them. I sort of
enjoy the contrast between the crisp percale I sleep on now, and the soft
comforter.  They contrast in textures, and the colors underline that:  cool
blue sheets, and a warm pink comforter.

*Very* nice!

Rebecca

Dear Paula,


     Well, the lack of traction depends on what you are doing, ahem!!! From
time to time I found it difficult to maintain my position!!  This led to some
rather hilarious situations.  I wonder if Newton had Satin sheets in mind when
he put forth his third law?


                  Regards,  Steve



Well then, how about *silk* sheets? That would be even more decadent!

Actually, I think silk sheets might be most *interesting*!
Yes, I like comforters. The only problem is that when they are shared it is
very easy for one person to steal them! They are not anchored down at either
side. All it takes is for one person to turn over while holding the comforter,
and the other person is suddenly left exposed! And twin comforters do not seem
very romantic.

I rather favor, for two people,  a bed scattered with lots of pillows and
covers--- also including many textures, too.  That way if one cover goes off
with the other, there's still plenty "around"!  And pillows are *wonderful*.




Flannel sheets are gret for cold winter nights when the primary objective is to
keep warm. You can turn down the thermostat and save heating bills. They are,
as you can see, prosaic, not romantic.


Perhaps I'm missing something important here....

Why do you feel silk sheets would be...ummm, what did you call
it...interesting?  Or was that *interesting*!?

   ....paula


Dear Robert,

But doesn't the turning down of the thermostat also lead to more cuddling?

(Sometimes being practical can be romantic too, don't you think?)

a-romantic-at-heart,

       ...paula


Yes, a variety of textures would be a good idea.

Incidentally, the name "comforter" is interesting. I wonder how it got that
name? In England they are referred to as "continental quilts" or "duvets".

The first time I experienced such a thing was in Russia in 1965. It consisted
of two sheets, sewn together all round the edges. One of the sheets had a hole
in the middle, through which a blanket was inserted and then stretched out so
as to lie between the sheets.




I think silk sheets would be such a nice texture! Smooth without being slippery
and/or clammy. Don't you agree?



Talking about hilarious situations reminds me of something I was told by a
Welsh woman.

Apparently there is (or was) a tradition in Wales known as "bundling". It seems
engaged couples were allowed to go to bed together provided that each remained
wrapped up in an individual sheet.

Perhaps they should have used satin sheets; I doubt whether they'd have
remained wrapped up for long!

Scandinavian name is "dyne",rhymes with Tina.



In colonial Massachusetts,it was done with a wooden plank down the middle of
the bed.


Well, the Pennsylvania Dutch just west of here, have a tradition known by the
same name.  THe way this one works is that a young man and woman who are
interested in each other can sleep together in a "bundling bed".  THis is an
otherwise normal bed with a board set vertically down the center to maintain
the proprieties.   And that folks is your trivia for today!!!


                  <grin>     Steve



I've heard "duvet", but never "continental quilts".

Interesting---- my great grandmother used to make a lot of quilts out of worn
blankets...she'd put them between two sheets, and then quilt them together with
tiny little stitches.  They were warm, if not particularly fussy looking.

I don't like the really stiff down quilts and comforters....they are too stiff
to fold close around me, so I wind up feeling cold anyhow. <hehehe>  I like the
cheaper kind, which I guesss is lucky for me.

Another texture I'm particularly fond of is an alpaca shawl I have.... shawl
doesn't really do it justice; it's an enormous fringed cape of soft, soft,
alpaca wool.  One side is nubby and the other is like kitten's fur.  It is
*particularly* nice against bare skin.  <smile>


..R



Interesting idea!

Funny, I've never seen silk sheets, have you?

Wonder if there's a reason no one has made them.  They *can't* be any less
practical than satin can they??



A plank down the middle of the bed? Sounds interesting. I wonder how high the
plank was? And who was there to check who climbed over it?




So that's what "bed and board" means!

It seems to me that they could just climb over, but perhaps the bed was too
narrow.



No, I've never seen silk sheets. I imagine they would be very expensive. And
presumably would have to be dry-cleaned at enormous expense!


Hi Paula: I rather like cuddling beneath flannel sheets when its cold outside.
Never having tries satin, I'm no expert but it would appear to be more exciting
than flanel.

And just as soon as you start having fun, these expensive silk sheets will rip
to shreds.  If you're the one who paid for them, the mood is quickly going to
go downhill ...


