"Satisfying Customers"

I'll bet if you were to take a survey of door-to-door salespeople, the majority
would say they hate their jobs. But if you were to ask me, I would definitely
fall into the minority. Most of the door-to-door hoofers are doing it for the
money, and I can tell you, its really rough out there. Its hard enough to get
someone to answer the door, let alone get into the house to make a sales pitch.
Bit I'm not in it for the money. I'm in it for the action. I'm a hard-core lesbian
and find many opportunities to seduce lonely housewives who are bored with
their daily routines and aren't afraid to try something different. Now, I do
admit its easier for me to get into the house that it is for my male
counterparts - women are just naturally more trusting of women. But sometimes I
end up being the one seduced instead of the seductress. I was banging doors on
the east side of Chicago not too long ago when I was invited into the home of a
wealthy young widow. I hadn't gotten halfway through showing the jewelry
collection I was peddling when she came on to me like a freight train. She was
admiring the pieces laid out on the coffee table when I notice that her pert,
well rounded melons nearly fell out of her low-cut blouse every time she bent
over. She never made a move to hide them, and I quickly realized she was
teasing me on purpose.  "I want you!" she said, looking deeply into my eyes, at
the same time pulling her tits from the blouse and imprudently tweaking her
pert nipples until they were taut and erect. Without saying another word, she
leaned over the table and brushed her lips against my lips, and she kissed me
hotly. I was like putty in her hands, and we were soon naked, slithering
against each other on the plush, carpeted floor. Untangling herself from my
tentacle embrace, she stood, legs spread wide over my face. Slowly lowering
herself, her cunt lips splitting open as she squatted, she mounted me. Her
sweating, fat cunt settled onto my nose and lips. As she ground her luscious
meaty folds into my face, I let my tongue dart wildly against her budding clit.
her perfect pussy jerked and spasmed, spilling little rivulets of chalk-white
juice onto my taste buds. Lifting her gash from my face, she ran her long
fingers over her small, firm buttocks. "God, I'm so hot," she moaned. "Cool it
off for me - I don't want to come too soon." Doing as she wished, I blew softly
into the damp hairs of her cunt path, watching them part to show me the
vermillion interior of her hole. Running my finger into her crack, I felt her
sopping wetness. There was a thick and sudden gush of juice as her pussy walls
closed tightly around my finger, and I heard her whimper that she was coming. I
quickly pulled out my probing digit and pinched her clit between my thumb and
forefinger, squeezing harshly on the swollen bud. A growl emerged from the pit
of her stomach as another rush of fluid flooded my hand. She couldn't take any
more and violently smashed her pumping twat against my face. I gulped at her
fever-soaked hole and sighed, tasting the flowing cream of her pulsating
sex-slot. We traded positions, and it was now my turn to ride her face. She
sucked my throbbing clit until I felt sensations I can describe only as pure
ecstasy. All the while, she massaged my ass cheeks and played with my tight,
horny asshole. She was obviously an experienced cunt-sucker, and I came quickly
and violently, flooding her face and chin. We ended up in a slippery, warm
cat-fuck with me on top, grinding my aching cunt lips against her silky bush.
After a quick, soapy shower - and a fairly sizeable sale - I was on my way,
ready for more business. All my action isn't as easy to come by as this. There
was one woman - a thin, shapely blonde with the cutest little tits you ever saw
- who took several months to win over. True, I sold a lot of jewelry, but the
frustration of slowly creating the right atmosphere and ensuring the perfect
timing nearly drove me crazy. There were many nights when I would lie in my bed
and masturbate through several shattering orgasms just thinking about sucking
her tiny tits or screwing my tongue past her juicy cunt lips. But persistence
and pure lust finally won her over. She turned out to be a natural, never
failing to bring me to mind-shattering orgasms. She can flood my cunt by just
sucking on my tongue. I don't sell her much jewelry anymore - her husband was
getting a little suspicious - but we still see each other often. Most of the
time my contact is with women because they're usually home during the day. When
a man answers the door, I very seldom bother to make a sales pitch. If the
woman of the house isn't home, I'm usually sent on my way. But one time a good
looking middle-aged man wanted to see my stock - he was looking for a present
for his wife. His description of her, and the way he talked about how beautiful
and loving she was, got my juices flowing. Now, I never wear panties because
its easier when all I want is a quickie. So I started flashing my bush at him,
enjoying watching him squirm in the chair across from me. After he showed me
some pictures of his wife, I knew I would make it a point to come back when he
wasn't home. And because he was so nice and bought some really expensive
pieces, I let him suck my gooey hole before I left. He was actually pretty
good, and brought me to a good come in only a few minutes. I never did let him
get undressed - his cock would have done nothing for me and would have
definitely ruined the mood - but I can imagine he had it out and was beating
his meat the minute I left. I haven't had a chance to get back to see the wife,
but she's certainly on my list. Like I said earlier, I'm not in this for the
money. I manage to make enough to get by and live a fairly comfortable life.
The many varied sexual experiences more than make up for the difference in
fact, I'm the most satisfied cuntlapper in Chicago!
