Archive-name: Bondage/satnite2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: An Interesting Saturday Night - Part 2 of 5


    It didn't take that long before it sounded like a car
pulling up outside.  She heard it also and went to the door
to meet her guests.  I heard them come in and they started
talking.  One of the women that came asked if I was there
yet, and the Mistress of the House said I was. That same woman
asked if I was ready for what they had planned, and the Mistress
of the House responded,  "Why I'm not sure, but I think we can
check for ourselves to make sure."  By now, they congregated and
walked into the large living room and I saw that there were
two other couples.  That made six people in all and I knew
then it was not going to be one of my better nights.

    The two men went over and sat down and started talking
with the owner of the house.  Now the three women were all
around me looking me over like they were going to touch me
or something.  One of the women looked at the others.

    "Are we ready to start?", she asked.

    Both of them replied, "Yes!, Get the Slut ready!"

    "Okay", she said, "Let's get her in the den and get
busy, we have three horny men to make happy!"

    As best as I could, I followed one of the women to the den
with the other two close behind me.  When we entered the den
they closed the door behind them.

    By now I had a chance to look around the room to see
what was there.  It looked pretty much like any other den,
with a desk and a few chairs along with a bar in one corner.
The only thing out of place was a narrow table in the middle of
the room, but I knew that it was just where they wanted it and
that it was going to be well used... that I was sure of.
One of the women grabbed the O-Ring on my belt and dragged me
over toward the table.

    "Are you ready Slut?", she asked.

    "What do you mean?", I responded, unsure if I was
supposed to answer her question.

    "Did you get yourself cleaned out real good before you
left home?" she asked.

    "I had my last enema about two hours ago now", I replied.

    She looked over at the other two women and said, "Well,
ladies, you know what we have to do so let's get with it."

    I was standing next to the table when the Mistress of the
House came in front of me with the key to the handcuffs. She
reached down and took them off both of my wrists and then she
unfastened the belt around me and took it off.  She told me to
hop up on the table and lay on my stomach.  I did just as
she said!  She told me to slide down to where my ass was just
going off the bottom end.  As I was doing what she asked she
helped adjust me just where she wanted me to be.  I was in
position when I noticed a woman on each side of the table
with a leather wrist cuff each.  They each took an arm and
placed the heavy leather cuff on my wrists.  When they
pulled my arms down and fastened them to something on or
near the floor.  As this was taking place the third woman
was placing a belt around me at my waist.  She slipped it into
a buckle and drew it up very tight.  There I was fastened to the
table face down from the waist up.  And I mean fastened, as I
tried to raise up but could only move around about an inch or so.

    At this point I wasn't sure what they had planned, but what
did it matter as I was in no position to object.  The Mistress of
the House walked over to a drawer and got out a ball-gag with a
dildo on the back of the ball.  She set in placed around my head
with a set of straps on it.  She tossed it to the woman nearest me
and told her to put it on me.  She said with a sarcastic raspy
tone in her voice, "We don't want to disturb the men do we?".
So she slipped the trainer gag in my mouth as I opened up for
her, and fastened the buckle behind my head. She roughly slipped
the phallus deep in my throat setting the ball tightly against my
teeth.  Luckily, the ball gag had holes in it for me to breathe.

    They all stood there for a few seconds, and "Mmmmed" as if
they were all admiring their handy work.  That's when the
Mistress of the House spoke up and said "You know what we
planned so, let's get to it".  She looked at one of the women
and said, "You go out in the garage and get that bag of items
sitting near the door."  Looking at the other woman she said,
"Let's get these other cuffs on her ankles so we can get her legs
spread wider apart."  At that point I felt her down at my ankles
removing the set of metal cuffs and the chain.  I also felt a
set of wide leather cuffs being strapped on each of my ankles.
By now the woman that went for the bag was back and it had a
lot of ropes and cable in it.  There was also a medium-sized
cloth bag on the top of it, and I had no idea what it was.
She carried the bag over and sat it down on the floor next
to my outstretched legs.

    I could hear one of them going through the 'toy' bag
pulling things out of it.  I tried to look around, but due
to the position I was in that wasn't too easy.  Nevertheless,
this didn't matter either, as I soon felt something being
fastened to a O-Ring on each of my ankle cuffs.  Then each
woman walked away from me toward the walls on each side of
the room.  They placed whatever they had in their hands
into hooks that were on each wall.  The Mistress of the House
was still behind me, and asked if they were ready - they were.

    "Oh!", she said, "Let's get her cunt opened up...wide!"
I could feel my legs being drawn into the air and out to each
side now.  Soon they were almost straight out to each side and
fairly wide apart.  The woman behind me told the others to
keep pulling my legs until she said to stop which they did.
Pretty soon my legs were pulled straight out to each side and
starting to hurt from the pressure.  She reached out and
touched my hips and told them that was just fine.

    The two women came back behind me and started talking some
more.  The Mistress of the House was doing most of the talking
and believe me I was really listening.

    "I'm going to give her a high colonic, and I'll use about a
gallon of water", she told the others.

    "How are you going to do that without making a mess
to clean up?", one of the other women asked. Just then I heard
the zipper on that 'toy' bag being opened.

    Taking something out of the bag and showing it to all the
other women, she replied, "This will take care of that problem,
with this Slut!"

    "How are you going to get that into her?", one of the other
women asked.

    She responded sarcastically, "That's what the gag is for.
I'm going to push it into her, no matter what it takes!  Besides,
her bum will open up and take it, even is it doesn't want to!"

    The other woman, who had not been saying much spoke up then.
"Oh! I'm glad it's her and not me! I would die if something that
big was shoved in my ass!"

    To say that I was getting concerned at that point would be
an understatement. but, I was ready, so I thought to myself,
"I hope they get this over with!"

    The Mistress of the House told the other two to pull the petals
of my rosebud open so she could start it in.  I felt their fingers
poke inside me and pull me open more.  That hurt some by itself.
Then I felt something being pushed and turned in an effort to
make it enter me.  I could tell that it was big and she told
them to pull harder until it started in.  It felt like they
were tearing me apart, but just then whatever it was started
in. It was some relief when they got their fingers out, but
whatever she had in her hand started up into me.  I could feel
it stretching me every inch of the way!  I tried to pull away
from her, but she knew she had me where she wanted me and
that I was going to get this in me no matter what.  She kept
pushing until I could not stand it any more and started to
cry out with the pain.  With the gag in, all it amounted to
was funny sounds even as loud as I tried to make it.  She kept
pushing and pushing for what seemed an eternity.  When all of a
sudden the air that was inside me came out in a low burping
sound.  At that point she pushed just one more time and stopped.

    "There", I heard her say, "She now has a one-and-a-quarter
holes up her ass.  "Hey - one of you get the pail out from the
garage and the other get the wheel tray with the water bottle on
it out of the closet."

    In just a moment they were all behind me again.  She took
the pail and placed it on the floor directly below me.

    "Plug this in", she said to one of the other women.

    "Plug what in?", I thought to myself!

    "Hand me that", she said, "We're ready to give her the
cleaning of her life now!  Now, turn the Angstrom pump on!"

    And - I knew what she meant then, and it didn't take
but a second before I felt the tip of the colonic tube pass the
other tube that was keeping my rosebud held open.

    She slowly pushed it forward and then back, working it in
a little at a time until I could feel the colonic tube deeply
inside me.  All this time the water kept running in and out of
me with complete ease.  She kept moving the colonic tube in and
out of my asshole until all the water was gone.

    "Wow!, that's what I call clean", she said, smiling.

    Walking over to the door, the Mistress of the House called
for her husband to come in.  He entered asking what she wanted.

    "Honey, I want you to fasten this to that hook up there in
the ceiling, so we can raise this Slut up and let her drip-dry",
she replied.

    "My love - what every you need!", he said, fastening it as
she had requested. "Is that all you needed?", he asked.

    "No wait a minute," she said, "I may need you to help get
her hung."

    The two other women released my arms from the lower part of
the table and fastened the cuffs together.  They did their best
to lift me, but with my legs so wide apart I was hard to lift.

    "Well, get over here and help us!", she said to her husband.

    "Where do I lift from?", he asked.

    "I don't care if you grab her by the titties!", she snapped,
"Just help us get her up!".  He pulled me by my breasts and my
nipples got hard.  My nubs grew as he roughly manhandled my tits.
"I think this Slut is getting very hot," as he tongued my left
nipple causing me to moan.  Then he started running his tongue all
around and over my breasts.  "She's got nice areolas too," he said,
as he squeezed each one of my nips with his forefinger and thumb.

    "Her tits are truly gorgeous," the Master said.

    "All right Honey, enough is enough!", the Mistress said
to him.

    Well they finally got me up high enough to fasten both
my arms to the cable that was now hanging from the ceiling.
At that point she told her husband to pull on it until I was
lifted up to the ceiling, and at the same time told the others
to move the table out of the way.  "Oh!", being moved with the
tube inside me was no joy, but I couldn't say anything at all
about it.  He lifted me as high as she wanted and fastened the
end off so I was suspended there.

    "Okay, now, let's all go in the living room and have a few
drinks", she said, "It's time for our break!"

    "How about her?", one of the other women asked.

    "Oh don't worry about the Slut she doesn't need a drink,
besides she has to drip dry for awhile yet", she replied.

    At that point they all went into the other room and they
closed the door behind them.  There I was, all alone and scared
to death!  I had no idea what was in store for me next!

-=> (Continued See SATNITE3)

