Archive-name: Bondage/satnite1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: An Interesting Saturday Night - Part 1 of 5


    My day began normally as a usual Saturday, but I knew that
I would be entertaining at least two other couples that evening.
So I went ahead and got the little tasks out of the way first,
preparing myself, and then took a couple hours off to relax.
About two-thirty I decided that it was nearly time as I started
getting ready for that night.

    The first thing that I knew I had to do was go into the
bathroom and started getting myself all cleaned out.  I usually
get started the night before or no later than breakfast by not
eating anything past that point.  Then I will take a light
laxative in the morning to help with what I have to do later
on in the day.  Everything so far had worked as planned and
I was feeling real empty by now, and even a bit hungry.  But
I knew that if I ate anything I would pay for it later, and I
put the hunger out of my mind.  Well, I filled my old bag up
to about a quart-and-a-half, and hung it on the side of the
shower.  The white tube and tip hung to the floor, so I got
myself over all on my side.   I reached around and got
the tip in my hand and slipped it inside me.  All I needed
to do was slide my hand up and release the clamp now.

    Once I did that I just laid back and relaxed while I felt
the warm water going inside me.  It really felt good to me as
I am accustomed to having enemas on a regular basis.  I made
the most of the feeling.  It doesn't take long for just a
quart-and-a-half to run out, and this time was no different.
Well after it was empty I took the tip out and laid it on a
towel beside me.  After that I just laid on my back and let
the water do it's thing. The feeling of the water moving
around inside me and going from place to place is something you
have to feel to understand.  As much as I enjoy it I have never
been able to explain just how it feels so others can understand.

    Well, time passed, and I knew that the water had done it's
thing and I needed to get up and go sit on the john.  I have
learned and taught myself to completely relax as that it makes
expelling the water much easier.  It was no different this
time because as I relaxed more and more, it all came out.
I noticed that it was not as clear as I needed it to be so I
knew that I would need at least one more.  I usually wait at
least thirty minutes between enemas as that has proven to be
A better method for cleaning myself out.  But when my husband
Jay does it for me he will give me one right after the other.
I get clean that way, but it's not as comfortable for me!

    About thirty minutes had passed and I went back and
repeated the process again.  It was getting close to 4pm in
the now and I had to try and be finished by five o'clock if
I could.  The place that I was going was just over 60 miles
away and I had to be there no later than 7 pm.  So, I had
rushed this one some and checked to make sure that it was
either clear or almost clear.  It was!!  I didn't bother
getting dressed yet and just walked into the living room
where my husband was watching wrestling on TV.  I told him
that I had cleaned myself out as best as I could and asked
if he wanted to check.  Hell, he told me to go and get two
Fleet enemas ready and bring them back.  He have always kept
several of those on hand as they are good to have for a
final cleansing.  I returned with them still in their green
and white boxes and handed them to my husband.  He told me
to get on my knees with my head down to the floor in front
of him.  Just as I did I felt the first tip go inside me and
the liquid run in.  Just a few seconds later I felt the
other tip inside me and the liquid from the other one was
inserted.  He told me to flip over on my back and he started
rubbing my stomach.  Damn, that always makes it harder to
hold, but it does make sure that there is nothing left in
me.  After I was really straining to hold it he told me to
go and expel it, but not to flush.  I was glad to obey him
and at this point I headed for the toilet.

    I got in there just in time, and I mean with out a second
to spare.  So I just relaxed and it didn't take long for it
to all come out.  This time it was only liquid and that does
make expulsion much faster.  When I was finished I called
my husband as I knew he wanted to be sure that I was as
clean as I could be at this point, and I might add...I was.
Well, after he was satisfied that the task was completed he
told me to take a quick shower and just slip on a dress (no
panties or bra, just a dress).

    I dried off and went to my room and picked out a loose
fitting dress and slipped it on.  When I walked out into the
living room where my husband was still watching wrestling.
He asked if I was ready and I said, "Yes!",  so he got up and
told me to slip on a pair of flats and we headed for the
van.  He had about an hour drive to the house where I naturally
was expected.  We talked on the way there and I asked what
he had planned.  He said that he was just going to drop me
off and pick me up in the morning around eight or so.
I asked why he wasn't staying this time, and he told me that
they wanted me alone.  That is when I asked what they had
planned.  He replied that he wasn't sure but that it was
going to last quite a while.  I had been with one of these
couples before so I really wasn't too worried about being
left alone. I didn't know exactly how many others were going
to be there, but knowing would not have made any real
difference, as a deal is a deal, and I agreed to going.

    Even though is was right at an hour we sure seemed to
get there fast.  He arrived about five minutes before seven,
and that made me right on time.  They had a big house, set
well back from the road.  As we drove up the driveway I
saw the porch light come on.  When we stopped the van, the
woman of the house was standing at the door waiting for us.
I got out and walked toward the door with my husband behind
me.  As we got inside the entrance-way my husband told me to
strip down and take off my shoes.  I slipped my dress off
and handed it to my husband and then he reached down and
picked up my shoes.

    At that point the woman of the house moved to my rear
slipping a leather belt around me with a big O-ring in the
center.  She went behind me and buckled it tightly around
my waist.  She came back around in front of me and told me to
stick out my right arm.  That's when she fastened a handcuff
to it, and pulled it down so she could slip the other cuff
through the O-ring.  When she reached for my left arm and
pushed it down where she could fasten the other cuff on my
wrist.  After that she walked into the next room and came
back with a pair of metal leg cuffs and short chain between
them.  She got down and fastened them securely on my ankles.
Once she had me well disabled from any sudden moves she told my
husband that if he wanted he could leave and come back in
the morning.  So he reached for the door knob and out he
went.  A few minutes later I was still standing in the
entrance-way and heard the van start and drive off.
At this point I was on my own, and I mean on my own.

    The woman told me to follow her, as we walked into the main
part of the house.  As I entered the next room only her husband
was there sitting reading the paper.  I asked if I was to be her
slave for the night, and she said that the rest of the guests would
arriving about seven-thirty.  When she told me that was to be my
only question and I was not to speak again, unless told explicitly
to do so.  So she lead me to a living room chair to sit and wait.
Then she applied some desensitizing ointment to my nipples and
left the room for few minutes.  Her husband never bothered to
look up at me.

    My nipples had readily absorbed the anesthetic and I couldn't
feel my nubs as the Lady of the House returned back to the room.
"That will take some of the sting out when I put the clamps on",
the woman said.  "It's only a topical anesthetic and last for only
a short while and you'll end up thanking me after I apply tighten
and apply some pressure".

    She reached down and began tying me up and binding me tightly
at my waist to the chair.  My hands were still handcuffed to the
belt in the O-ring.  Then she tied each of my legs to the bottom
of the chair.  She bent over me and rubbed my breasts, saying "What
a nice pair of titties I had".   She took some soft nylon rope and
started to make a rope bra as she wrapped my breasts encircling my
my globes so they projected outward.  Then she took out a pair of
nipple clamps.  The clamps were all lightweight steel with curved
fitter cups which slipped just under my nipples.  As she tightened
them firmly in place they burgeoned my nipples out as she screwed
them down tightly as they hung down holding my nipples in place.

     "Ohhh!, that hurts Mistress", I said as my head went up against
the back of the chair.  "Oh, now...now...only a few more minutes,"
the Mistress said.

     The pressure from the clamps oozed my nipples taunt until they
were all shiny and erect.  She bent her head over and ran her tongue
all over my nipples and my areolas which turned a reddish-blue color.
Hell, I was even starting to get a bit horny now and I bent my head
down to watched her. She continued with licking and sucking my breasts
with this enjoyment of hers for about ten minutes or so.
Again her husband never looked up from his paper.

    "My Dear," she said, "I just love to lick and suck a hot bound
woman's breasts, - It's so erotic and makes me totally horny!"
"But I don't want to leave any marks - so this session must be very
short lived", she added.  And as she said that she began to hurry
as she began to undo everything.

   She removed the clamps and untied me as she stood me helping me
out of the chair.  Now she told me move over into the center of the
room and stand there awaiting further orders until the others arrived.
I promptly did so, as I was in no position to make her upset with me.
I waited for their other guests to join us.

-=> (Continued - See SATNITE2)

