Archive-name: Bondage/satnite4.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: An Interesting Saturday Night - Part 4 of 5


    Hell, at an hour had gone by and then one of the women came
in looking for me.  She had her smart mouth in gear as she said,
"Well, I see you didn't leave."  Ha!..where was I going to go like
this?  She continued the one sided conversation with me as I still
didn't have permission to talk.  She was saying that it was the
Master's turn now, and that he had some rather strange fantasies,
and that she was glad it was me and not her going through them.
I felt like asking her what she meant, but I knew better.
Needless to say she was a windy one and kept right on talking
until the others showed up.  She did manage to tell me that the
Master likes to hear a woman scream and he knew exactly how to
make them do it.  Well, now they were all back in the room and
some of them were still carrying fresh drinks.

    When the men got to their seats and the women had me
back over by the table the Bitch asked the next man what his
wishes were.  He got up and came over to where we were with
this big shit-eating grin on his face.

    "Hell, baby", he asked, "How far can I go?"

    "Anything...short of permanent damage to her", the Bitch said,
looking up at him.

    "Well", he asked, "Can I make her wish almost wish that?"

    "Will it be exciting?", the Bitch asked.

    "Oh, for me it will!", he replied, smiling.

     "Hell, then I guess we can put her through it", she
replied.  "Just what's it you want done with her?", she asked.

     "I want her on the table with her ass near the bottom.
I want you three to open her legs so far that she feels like
her cunt is being torn apart.  I know she has a shaved pussy,
but I want one of you to look real close and any hairs that you
find I want you to pull them out one at a time with tweezers.
Are you still into nursing?", he asked the Bitch.

     "Yes, I am", she replied.

     "Well then I want to watch you take a catheter and pee her.
When I want you to flush out her bladder and last and most
pleasurable, I want you to take some distilled water and start
putting it in her bladder while she sucks my cock.  And you will
keep putting it in her until she makes me come."

     "Ohhh!!" was the only response the Bitch made!

     Well I heard everything that she was told to do, and I
didn't want any part of it.  But before I could move the
other two had me and I was sitting on the edge of the table.
They reached around me and snapped loose the chain between my
cuffs.  Then I was laid back and my arms were fastened under
the table.  They were fastening ropes to my cuffs that were
still on my ankles so they could pull my legs apart. When the
man got back up and came over to us.

    "Can I make a minor change?", he asked the Bitch.

    "What kind of change?", she asked.

    "Well, go ahead and just pee her and flush her out on the
table, but when you start filling her back up and she's sucking
me off... I was wondering if you could suspend her from those
hooks in the ceiling."

    "Well, yes, that can be arranged and it will make it easier
for me to get the water back into her bladder. "Oh!", She will
be screaming her head off like that!", the Bitch said.

    "Not with my cock in her mouth she won't.  But who the hell
cares anyway, I have wondered how loud she could cry out", he
replied.

     Now she fastened my legs apart and to the legs at the end
of the table.  She had one of the other women examine me and
damn if they didn't find a few hairs that I missed.  So with a
slow and constant motion she pulled each hair out one at a
time.  The first few didn't bother me, but the more she
found the more I started to jerk with each one.  Finally she
got up saying that I was bald and hairless again.

     "Oh", said the Bitch, "Now I will relieve her of her excess
water."

     She came over with a long plastic package in her hand and
a fairly large syringe.  She tore the package open and opened
a small square plastic box she also was carrying.  Inside the
box was some disinfectant and a small tube of K-Y jelly.
She took out a small piece of gauze out of the box and then
squirted the disinfectant on me and wiped off the excess
with the gauze.  She took the lubricating jelly and dabbed a
small amount on the end of the catheter.  She took her left hand
and reached just into me until she found the opening to my pee
hole.  At that point I could feel the end of the catheter
being inserted into me.  I have had them in me on several
occasions so I relaxed my ass as she slowly pushed it into my
bladder.  The second it went through I got wet until she inflated
the balloon on it with air from the syringe.  As many times as I
have had them in me I can say she was good at putting them in.
I mean she was in just far enough that when she inflated it I
didn't feel any extra pressure from not being in far enough.
When that happens it really hurts!

    Well, it was in me now and anything from this point on
had to go through that white tube. It only took a few seconds
and I was completely spent.  I saw her reach for a very large
syringe and fill it up with distilled water.  She pushed it on
the end of the catheter and slowly pushed it down so that the
water was being forced into my bladder.  I could feel my bladder
swelling up as she kept putting more and more water in.  At that
point I started to try and raise up off the table as it was really
beginning to hurt.  She looked down at me and said, "There's only
a little more left and if I could hold it."

    As soon as it was all in me she waited just a second or
two and took the syringe off the end of the catheter.  When
she lowered the end of it into a bottle or something the
pressure just rushed out of me.  Damn what a relief!
She waited a few minutes to be sure that I was fully drained
and I saw her filling the syringe again.  I thought to myself
(please not again), but about that time she fastened the
syringe to the end of the tube and I could feel the cool
water coming inside me again.  She didn't put it all in this
time instead she clamped it off and drew some more into
the syringe.  When she fastened it back to the tube and
removed the clamp.  Again I felt the cool water flowing and
building inside me.  When it hurt like the time before I
expected her to stop, but instead she just slowed down as
she continued to fill me more and more.  I felt a tear run
down my cheek and I know she saw it!  She looked at me and
said, "I know you can handle it and I want you to be a good
Slut and take every drop."  Hell!, what choice did I have?

    She finally got it all in me and then I was expecting her
to let it right back out.  She looked at the others and said,
"I am, going to leave this in her for a minute or two as that
will help expand her bladder for what will come next.  It's not
much but she can use all the advance help she can get."

    Well she then took the syringe off the end of the tube
and let the water rush out of me.  I have no control as to
how fast it comes out but I like to think that by the feel
that I do.  I was just glad that it was over, or so I thought.

    Just then this second man came over to us and told
the Bitch to get him a kitchen chair.  She sent one of the
other slaves for it and they brought it in.  He sat down on it
and said to the Bitch that he wanted my head right there.  Well
right there meant between his legs while he was sitting on
the chair.  So she said with a glow in her eyes, "Master,
your wish is our command."

    She asked the Master to come over and put a rope and
some sort of pulleys in two of the hooks that were in the
ceiling.  While he was doing this they were getting me loose
from the table.  As soon as he had the ropes in place they
spun me around so the my legs were right under the hooks.
The hooks were quite a ways apart so I knew that I was going
to be spread while they had me there.  I felt them fasten the
ends of the ropes which had a snap on them to the O-rings on
my ankle cuffs.  As soon as they did that I felt myself
being lifted into the air.  As the small of my back was leaving
the table my neck was being bent to the point that it hurt.

    One of the others saw that and lifted me some more as she
allowed me to finish being lifted without crimping my neck.
Soon I was hoisted just off the table when I heard one of them
sliding it out of the way.  As soon as it was off some place
else a chair was put just in front of me.  The second man
came over now with his pants off and sat in it.  He placed a
leg on each side of the chair so that all I could see was
the hardon that he had.  I was just a bit high for him so he
had them lower me down just to the point that my mouth was a
straight shot to his dick.  He reached behind my head with one
hand and pulled me toward his cock.  He told me to open my
mouth and try it for size, and I obeyed.  At that point he let
me swing back to just hanging straight down.  He told the
Bitch to put just over half the syringe of water in me and
hand it over me to him.  She did and I felt really funny as
I had never had water put in me in this position before.
Just as she was going to hand it to him he told her to fill
it back up (full).  She clamped me off and did as he had
said, then reconnected it and handed it to him.

    The tube on the syringe was not that long so it hung
down and laid between the cleavage on my tits.  He reached back
behind my head with his right hand and pulled me toward his
cock.  With his left hand he raised his cock so that I was
able to get my mouth on it.  I knew what he wanted so I
immediately started working on it as he moved me in and out
by holding my hair.  I had been doing him for a few minutes
when I saw his left hand reach for the syringe.  Just then I
felt a rush of water come in me.  I stopped for a second as
I let myself adjust to the new amount of water.  He told me
that if I stopped again he would put the rest of it in me all
at once and I would still have to suck him off.  So from
time to time he would add some more into me and I knew to
not stop working on him.  It seemed like forever as he was a
slow comer and I was really hurting from the water he had
in me now.  But pretty soon I felt his cock getting warmer in
my mouth and I knew that I was getting close to him going
off.  I was right, I felt him sit back and out he shot!

    That's when he pressed the syringe all the way emptying it
into me and pulled my mouth right up to his balls as he shot
a huge wad in me.  He told me to swallow it, but have you ever
tried to swallow cum upside-down?  It's damn hard to say the
least!  But he held me there until I guess he felt my throat
moving and I managed to swallow all his cum.

    When he was finished he pushed me off of him and slid
the chair back out of the way.  I could see his cock real
good and darn if he wasn't still hard or at least almost
hard.  The Bitch then walked over to me and started to take
the syringe off the catheter when he told her to just clamp it
and let me down.  It didn't take long for them to start
letting me down to the floor.  He told the Bitch to get me up
and bring me to him.  He was back sitting in the chair again
and he told me to get on my knees and do him again or he
would not take the water out of me.  At this point now being
right side up the water hurt even more.  I could hardly move
as the pressure was so great, but I managed on my own to get
on my knees in front of him.  He grabbed my hair and pulled
me on his cock again all the time working me on and off it.
I didn't take him as long to cum again and I was sure glad
of that.  He didn't even have much left to shoot, so I got
off easy.  He told me to get up and asked if it was good. At
that point I was allowed to answer and I said, "Please!"

    He snapped, "What?"

    "Please!", I said again.

    "Bitch, you need to learn some manners!", he said, and
reached down and pulled on the catheter.  I let out a loud
moan and sunk down a little trying to follow it.  He asked me
again if it was good, and again I answered, "Yes."

    "Well I see you are a slow learner!", he said to me, and
then turning to the Bitch, told her to wet down a large dildo.
She lubed one up and he had his wish...it was large.  I was
still standing in front of him as he took his foot and kicked
my legs apart so that it was hard to balance.

    "Has it been good, Bitch?", he asked again.

    I didn't know what to say, but I replied, "Please!",
once more.

    Suddenly,  I felt the dildo touch the opening to my asshole
and he jammed it deep inside me!  "Ow! I let out a scream and I
didn't even try to hold it back.

    "Now Bitch, was it good??", he asked again.

    I was almost in tears and I stuttered some as I was really
in pain. "Please Sir - Stop!", I said.

    He pulled the dildo out of me with one motion and shoved
it right back in and harder then the first time.  But this time he
moved it from side to side and I could not hold back any more,
I started screaming crying and begging all at the same time.

    "Has it been good??", he asked again.

    It took me a second to get my answer out and I could only
think of one thing to say. "Please...Please...Please...!"

    "Now then, that's what I wanted to hear!", he said, and got up
and left.  Looking back over his shoulder, he told the Bitch to do
what she had to and to give me my break, as he felt I had earned it.
Boy, so did I!

-=> (Continued See SATNITE5)

