Archive-name: Bondage/satnite3.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: An Interesting Saturday Night - Part 3 of 5


    I guess I hung there for over half-an-hour and now that
tube they had left in me was still hurting like hell.  It was
getting to the point that every breath I took made it hurt, so
I was doing my best to take short shallow breaths.  I was just
wishing that someone would come in to check on me for any
reason, just come in so I could see another face.

    Finally, the door opened and everyone came in that was in
the house.  The women came over to me and the men sat down in
chairs around the room.  The Bitch whose home it was did the
talking at this point, and what she had to say I didn't like
one bit.  She began by saying how she felt about her sweet
husband and that she wanted to do every thing she could to
show how much she loved him.  She said she felt real horny now
and that the others felt as she did. She said that in order to
to prove it they were going to put on a little show for them.
She told the others to just sit back and relax awhile while the
the others would demonstrate all their fantasies out on me.
She wanted them to fully savor every moment that was next on
the agenda, and at the same time see what their fantasies looked
like being lived out.

    "Ready girls?", she asked, looking at the other women.

    They both nodded, and all three of them began stripping out
of their clothes.  When they had removed their outer garments they
were all dressed in black lace bras and satin garter belts and hose.
The women walked back and forth amongst themselves and their own
breasts rubbed up against each others backs, causing each of their
own nipples to harden.  One of the women reached up and squeezed
her own tit and she let out a "Oh!".  I knew this woman was already
aroused.  They were already wearing their black five-inch spiked
heels, and they all looked like three She-Devils to me!

    "Oh - first off let's get that tube out of her and get her
down from there", she instructed.

    She walked up behind me and I could feel her grab the end
of the tube.  I felt it turn and then she pulled with one firm
solid jerk.  But it came and it felt like part of me did also!
I tried hard to scream, but it turned out to be just another
muffled groan because of the gag.  She told the other two bitches
to let my legs loose and one of them to get the spreader bar
that was leaning in the corner.  When my legs were loose she got
the one with the spreader to help her fasten it with straps up
between my knees.  It was about thirty inches or so wide, and
it was enough to keep my legs spread wide apart.  At that point,
she untied the rope and lowered me to the floor.  Hell, it felt
good to have both my feet touch the floor again!  She didn't let
my arms completely hang down, just enough for me to be on the
floor.  But after hanging there for that long I appreciated even
that little bit of rest for my weary body.

    Looking over at her husband, the Mistress of the House asked,
"Honey, would you like to see anything in particular?"

    "Yes", he said, "I've always wondered what it would be like
if I had you like that with a thin belt in my hand whipping your
bum until you begged for me to stop."

    "Whatever you want, Honey", she said, "After all, this is
your party."  The Mistress of the House the said, "And you Slut,
call him Master from now on!"

    She reached up to the back of my head and unfastened the
strap that held my gag.  She walked over to her husband and took
the belt he had removed and walked back to me.

    Looking me straight in the face, she said, "You'd better
make this good for the Master!"

    Stepping behind me, she started to whip me with his belt.
It was thin and every stroke she made felt like it was cutting
into me.  She kept it up, hitting me a bit harder each time.

    Finally I had to ask her to please stop, but she kept on hitting
me on my bum and whipping me until I knew what she wanted.  I again
begged her to stop!  When I finally agreed to what I knew she wanted
she finally stopped.  She laid the belt down and drew her finger
through her vulva as she fingered herself at bit.

    She inched over closer to me and stuck her pussy in my face
for me to service.  I could smell the musk of her slit as to moved
in front of me and pressed her clitoris to my mouth.  Her clitty
was hard as I moved my tongue up and down the length of her entire
hairy pussy.  She began undulating her hips as she shoved her vulva
up harder against my mouth, almost choking me in her bid for a
climax.  Then, she reached down and started rubbing my titties as she
squeezed my nipples roughly.  My breasts hurt after all the rough
treatment she had given me.  The descenitizing gel she used earlier
had long since worn off and my breasts were really starting to hurt.
I could tell that she was getting ready to climax by the way she was
pulling my hair was pushing her clit into my face.  I kept running
my tongue and flicking her clit until she couldn't stand it anymore
and as she climaxed her orgasm.  I tongued her more until I saw her
juices running down the length of her thighs as she stepped back.
Then she moved over to her husband. She began by sucking his hairy
balls running her tongue all over as she sucked them one at a time
in her mouth.  She grabbed his ramrod and held it back as she placed
her hand beneath his balls.  Taking one ball at a time while squeezing
his sac and fully to mouthed each one with a zest.  As her sucking
continued her hand began to massage his cock until she he got an
erection.  Now his cock was totally hard as she let go and got up.

    "Anything else, Honey?", she asked her husband, as she wiped off
her lips with her hand.  "Yes, just call me Master from now on," he
said.

    "Yes Mistress", he replied, "Now that you've been serviced, may
I also get my cock sucked a bit more from the Slut?"

    "By all means, Love!", she answered, and began letting the rope
down all the way.  My hands were still bound together as she walked
me over by my ropes over to the Master.

    Standing, he said, "No, not like this.  I want her over there,
where everyone can watch!"

    "Where Master", his wife asked.

    "Move the table out in the middle of the room where it was this
afternoon, and I'll show you what I mean", he said.  The other two
women helped slide over the table.

    "Now what Master", his wife asked.

    "I saw this in a X-rated movie once", he said. "Put her on the
table on her back, with her head hanging off this end."

    They lead me over and got me up on the table with my head leaning
and jutting backwards off the edge so it was hanging down.

    "Now, tie her hands to the bottom of the table legs, and pull
her head and shoulders down as far as they'll go", he instructed.

    They did just as he said and I was now on the table with my
head bent down as looking up at the ceiling.  He walked over to me
with his erection high up in the air bringing holding his huge cock.
He stood there and glanced down at me!  As I looked up at him,
past that monster of a dick he had, he said in a deep soft voice,

    "Bitch, I am going to Fuck your tonsils out of your ass."

    That's when he told me to open my mouth wide and he started to
shove that huge thing in past my lips.  My head was bent so he was
actually pushing his shaft down and into my throat and I couldn't
get away from it.  I had to take every motion that he made as I held
it between my lips.  I started to choke and I couldn't breathe.
Rhythmically, he kept pumping his cock in and out of my mouth until
I felt his strokes starting to get longer and faster.  He kept it up
until he started cumming.  He pulled his cock out and started jerking
himself off by hand and was going to pop off right in the air when one
of the other bitches yelled out.

    "Not on the floor, it will stain, that's what the Slut is for!"
So he stuck his cock back in my mouth and with his finger tips he
milked his cock head back and forth until every last drop of his hot
jism spurted forth in my mouth.  He kept his cock head just inside
my lips until I swallowed every last drop he erupted.  Damn, I hated
the taste of his cum, but he knew I had to swallowed it or not even
breathe at all.  I finished him off by cleaning off the tip of his
penis with my tongue as I savored all his cum.

    He walked back to his chair with his dick soft now, muttering
to himself that I had just given him the best head he ever had.

    His wife, or "The Bitch", as I will call her from now on, asked
the other two men if they wanted some good head.  One of them said,
"I would like to try it with her upside down," and the other woman
said, "Sure, why not?"

    So the other one came over with his zipper down, cock in
hand and I went through it one more time.  Sucked him off and I
swallowed every drop before he would let me breathe.  After he
went back to his chair the Bitch said to me that so far I was
doing just fine, but the good stuff was yet to come.  I didn't
know what she meant, and really didn't want to, but I knew that
I was quickly going to find out.

    Hell, the Bitch popped off and said, "On with the show",
then the Master got up and came over to her.  He said, "Hey
why not wait about an hour or so...I mean let her loose and
let her roam around to sort of loosen up.  After all we have
her all night and there is only the three of us."

    "Well my Dear", she said, "If that's what you want - but I want
her hands fastened behind her at the least."

    "O.k", he replied, "But she needs some sort of a break or we'll
quickly burn her out."

    At that point she looked over at the other two women and
told them to fasten my hands behind me and let me loose and put
me down.  When I was standing on the floor I looked over at the
Master never saying a word, but trying to thank him with my eyes.
I didn't feel so bad about giving him head now after what he just
did for me.  Maybe he wasn't that bad of a guy!

-=> (Continued See SATNITE4)

