Archive-name: 3plus/sauna.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Sauna

     The can slid from my hands and fell to the floor with an awakening
crash.	I had momentarily dozed off while drinking a beer.  The day had been
a grueling one and I needed to relax.  I grabbed a towel, a couple of beers,
and headed to the clubhouse for a sauna.  No one was around as I set the timer
and entered the sauna.	The heat felt great as it penetrated my muscles, slowly
relaxing them.	Sipping my beer, my mind began to wander.  A stirring in my
loins turned my daydream towards sex, as it often does.  Beautiful women from
work began filling my thoughts.  Ooooh there are some foxy bitches in that
office.  Jamie is a young fox in her early twenties.  Long browm hair, slender,
almost muscular legs, high firm ass that sways rythymically when she walks.
Ample firm breasts, with nipple that protrude through her blouse.  Lips, so
lucious and full, that I envision them wrapped tightly around my cock
everytime I see her.  And the most enticing, beautiful big brown eyes.

     My awakening cock stirred as my thoughts drifted.	I unwrapped the towel
from my waist, drank my beer, and indulged in my fantasy of making love to this
magnificent woman.  Drifting into a relaxing slumber, visions of passionate
lust unfolded in my minds eye.	Slowly undressing her, carressing every inch
of her body.  Savoring every glimpse of flesh.	As my tongue slides down her
neck, I hear her gasp.	She moans as my hands cup her breasts, gently
messaging them.  My loins ache with a tremendious hard-on.  She turns and
kneels before me.  Gazing into my eyes, my cock throbs with excitement and
anticipation of those lucious lips about to engulf me.	She sensuously licks
her lips and I can feel her hot breath on my cock.  Her glistening lips
part and slowly slide over my cock.  Her mouth is hot as her tongue dances
around the head of my cock.  So warm and wet.  I stirred a moment, then in a
startling rush, awoke from my dream.

     There before my startled eyes was a blonde headed woman gliding her lips
up and down my cock.  The feelings from my dream were indeed real.  A red
headed woman next to her said they couldn't resist my hard cock, and said if
I didn't mind, they would like to engage in a little play.  Dumbfounded and
shocked, I tried to calmly say "Of course I don't mind".  I'm not sure what I
said, or how it sounded, but she lowered her head to my cock.  They both
flicked their tongues over every inch of my engorged shaft alternatingly
sucking the head into their mouths.  It felt so wonderful having two hot,
sensuous, mouths on my dick.  I began caressing "Blondies" breasts, back,
and her thighs.  She moved so I could get at her pussy.  Stroking her, she
became hotter.	My fingers felt the wetness of her as I gently inserted a
finger inside her.  She began girating against my hand, my finger probing her
depths.  She arose from the lower bench and climbed up to me.  Stratling my
face, she lowered herself onto my awaiting tongue.  I inserted
my tongue as far as I could, flicking and twirling.  Her hips girated as she
ground her hot pussy into my face.  Her wetness spilling over my cheeks.  I
could feel "Red" gliding down my cock.  "My God, she sitting on my cock".
My dick was embedded deep within her velvet vice.  She fondled my balls with
her hands and worked on my cock with her "muscles".  And what muscles she had.
I furiously licked Blondies clit as Red messaged my cock within her.  Blondie
came with a shattering orgasm with my tongue buried deep in her.  She
dismounted and I pushed Red onto her hands and knees, and mounted up behind
her.

     She wiggled and squirmed as I rammed my cock into her.  Long, smooth,
hard strokes.  Blondie crawled between my legs and began licking and sucking
Red's pussy.  I could feel her hot tongue flick across my shaft as she worked
on us both.  Red was really messaging my cock, her pussy getting tighter and
hotter.  Blondie slid a finger into my ass and squeezed my balls.  I fucked
Red as fast and hard as I could while Blondies tongue was going wild on us both.
She arched back and plunged onto my cock in convulsions as she came.

     I withdrew my cock and Blondie eagerly engulfed it, licking and sucking
hard, excited by what had just occured.  Sliding back, I placed my dick
between her breasts, which she pressed together to imprison me.  Fucking her
tits, she licked the head of my swollen member with each stroke.  Red lowered
her head to my cock and I was sandwiched into a deep french kiss.  Red was
kissing Blondie and fondling her breasts, so I slid down to Blondies pussy.
I rubbed the head of my cock all over her moist love nest.  Slowly, I inserted
myself into her.  She wasn't as tight as Red, but every bit as hot.  She was
definitely wetter as her juices flowed down her legs.  I probed deep into her,
then teased her with only the head of my cock, ocassionaly withdrawing to rub
my cock on her clit.  Red kissed her way down to Blondies pussy and began
sucking her clit as I rammed my hard cock deep into her.  Blondies pussy was
sucking and slurping at my cock, her juices flowing like a river as Red was
lapping up as much as she could.  Blondie tensed and screamed in an earth
shattering orgasm.  Her pussy quivering and contracting around me.

     Red pulled my cock from Blondies wet gaping cunt and said "Now its your
turn".  She stroked my cock as she suck the head of it, the veins protruding
immensely as I was so engorged.  She pulled me ontop of her, rubbing my
ready member over her still hot pussy.	I told her what fantastic muscle
control she had, and with that, she slowly sucked my cock into her.  She held
me motionless as she girated her hips and messaged my cock with her hot pussy.
Blondie fondled my balls from behind as she probed my ass with her finger.
She found my prostate gland and it seemed to make my cock even bigger and
harder.  Blondie said she wanted to suck my cock when I came, and Red said she
also wanted it.  They where both working the hell out of me as I felt my climax
building.  My loins where on fire, my cock throbbing.  I reached the point of
no return and pulled my cock from Red with an auditable pop from the suction.
Blondie stroked my cock as they both simultaneously sucked me.	I erupted into
their mouths, each sucking and licking furiously.

     They licked every drop of semen from cock and from each others chins.
Red sucked every last drop from me.  She said this was the best sauna they
had ever had.  I agreed.

     They wrapped themselves in their towels and left.	I sat for a moment,
reflecting and recovering from what had just transpired.  Realizing just how
lucky I had been.  I went home, had a few more beers, and when to bed.

--
