                   SAVANNAH SUBMITS
                   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
 
****This story contains dominance & submission, bondage,
    pain, love, fucking, and power.  What else is there?
 
                        -------------
 
   The note she finds reads:
 
       Savannah my love,
 
          Tonight is the night.  You will come to me as
    I desire, my beautiful slut, and you will obey
    without question.  Get dressed in all of the items
    I've laid out on the bed.  Be on your knees for me at
    the door when I arrive at 7 p.m..
 
          Your Master
 
 
     Savannah trembles as she reads the note.  She loves
this man as no other, and he has been patiently working
her up toward this moment.  He has correctly identified
the true submissiveness of her soul, and has spent a
great deal of time with her talking of his desires and
his requirement that she will submit to him completely,
that she will be owned by him, and exist to serve only
him.
 
     She walks into the bedroom and gasps at what she
sees.  He has laid all of the items out in order for her,
and there is no mistaking what she is to do.  She checks
the clock, and realizes she only has 45 minutes to get
prepared for her Master.  The first item is a beautiful
pair of nipple clamps connected by a delicate silver
chain.  She blushes at the thought of putting these on
herself.  She decides to sit in front of her vanity
mirror and watch as she does, always wondering if she can
truly submit as he requires.  Her nipples are hard at the
thought of what is to come, and she grasps her left
nipple with one hand, opening the silver clamp with the
other hand.  She gently lets it close around her large
nipple, and moans slightly as it does, feeling the light
pain, and feeling the sensation run directly from her
nipple to her cunt.  She pauses, and then clamps her
right nipple.  She gazes at herself in the mirror,
brushing her long hair back to better see the beautiful
chain draped between her breasts.  She thinks her Master
will be quite pleased with how slutty she looks, and she
realizes the clamps are just tight enough that she will
be able to bear the intensity for quite some time.
 
    Rising from her chair, she slips on the sheer white
stockings he has chosen for her.  They rise up high on
her long slim legs, staying in place at the top of her
thighs, so close to her dripping wet pussy.  She slides
on the white heels, glimpsing herself in the mirror in
nothing but nipple clamps and stockings and heels.  He
will approve. She bears no resemblance to the respectable
businesswoman she was an hour ago.  She runs her hands down
over her shapely hips, caressing the inside of her thighs,
desperately needing to be touched and controlled.  But she
peeks at the clock again - 20 minutes to go.  She picks up
the tiny white leather sheath dress he has picked out for her,
and wonders if it will even fit.  But it slips perfectly over
her body, and as she zips it up, the pressure of the
leather on the nipple clamps is almost unbearable.  The
white leather barely covers the top of her stockings,
making her feel completely bare and exposed.
 
     Her Master arrives promptly at 7 p.m. to find
Savannah posed and breathless for him just inside the
door, kneeling submissively on the soft carpeting.  He
can feel her excitement, but he can also feel her fear.
He caresses her dark hair, patting her softly for her
perfection in her preparation.
 
   "Spread your legs, Savannah,"
 
    She obeys immediately, feeling her wetness starting
to drip down her thighs, feeling her nipples afire from
the clamps.  He reaches inside the leather dress and
pulls out the silver chain, draping it over the front of
the dress, making it completely accessible to him.  He
brushes her hair back off of her shoulders, and takes
from his pocket a beautiful white woven collar.  He
fastens it around her slender neck, just tight enough so
that she will always feel it.
 
    "You are now my property, my slut, and you will
obey," he commands her softly.  He attaches a short
leather leash to the collar.  She is both humiliated and
impassioned at the same time by this act.   He stands
over her kneeling form, and offers her the single white
rose he has brought to her, trailing it softly down over
her lovely face, then tucking it into her thick dark
hair.
 
     He leads her into the living room by her leash,
pouring himself a glass of red wine.  He feeds her the
wine from his mouth, with a deep soulful kiss.  As he
sits in the armchair, she kneels perfectly by his side,
shaking, starting to chatter out of nervousness.
 
   "No, Savannah, not another word out of you unless you
are spoken to.  Do you understand?"
 
    "Yes, Master," is all she can murmur.
 
     He reaches down and pulls on the chain to her
clamps, savoring the moan this elicits from her as her
nipples are stretched against the leather.
 
     "Lift your skirt up over your hips, slut."
 
     Savannah slides the tight leather up to her waist,
and gasps as he roughly forces a finger deep into her
cunt without warning.
 
     "You are such a slut, Savannah, you are soaking wet.
You are so perfect for this position."
 
     He slides his finger into her mouth for her to clean
off, and she licks and sucks on it greedily, cleaning
every drop of her wetness from it.
 
     "Lie back and place your feet on either side of my
legs," he says from above her.  "I want to watch you
finger-fuck yourself."
 
     She hesitates out of shyness, and he pulls on her
leash sharply.  "NOW, Savannah.  Do as I tell you."
 
     "Yes, Master," she replies properly, lying back and
spreading her legs widely, propping her heels up on
either side of his chair.  He sits back with his drink
and watches his slut run her finger hesitantly down over
her cunt, finding her clit, stroking gently.
 
     "More, my slut, show me what you've done so many
times in your life when nobody's watching."
 
     She closes her eyes and tries to forget he's
watching.  Two fingers grasp her clit firmly, stroking in
rhythm for her pleasure.  She slides her fingers down to
her cunt, keeping her thumb on her clit.  "Shove your
fingers in, slut," he commands, and she does, feeling her
hips start to buck and gyrate, heading toward the release
of orgasm.
 
     "Don't even think of coming without my permission,
Savannah.  You will never come again in your life without
asking me first."
 
     He strokes her ankles and stockinged calves while
she fingers herself, finally whispering to him, "May I
please come for you, my Master?"
 
     "Yes, baby, you may,"  He watches as she writhes to
her first orgasm of the night, and he pulls her legs
closer to him as she comes, giving him a perfect view of
his slut in ecstasy at his feet.
 
    After she relaxes for a minute, he removes her heels,
and orders her to roll over on her stomach.
 
     "Spread your legs wide for me, slut."
 
     She rolls over, crying out at the pain of the nipple
clamps pressed into the floor.  He adds his weight on top
of her back, running his hands through her hair, toying
with her collar and leash, and then pulls her hands
roughly over her head, tying them together with her
leash.  He moves down over her beautiful legs, tying each
ankle to a chair leg.  She's immobile, and she's suddenly
scared again.  His voice and his actions are so different
tonight, so rough and so powerful.  He lays his still
clothed body back down on top of her, pressing the clamps
into the rug.
 
     "Savannah," he whispers in her ear, "You are mine.
Your body exists for my pleasure.  I will love you or
caress you or hurt you as I desire.  You only have to
obey.  Do you belong to me, my slut?"
 
     "Yes, Master," she whispers in return, trying to
turn her head to see into his eyes.  She feels safer with
him on top of her, and hopes he will stay right there and
protect her.
 
     "I want you to lie here and feel these sensations
for a while, Savannah, feel your submission, feel the
pressure of the clamps, let yourself go completely to
where you belong, under my power."
 
     He stands up and strides from the room, leaving her
gasping for him on the floor.
                    ----------------------------------
 
 
 
 
     When he finally returns, she is in another space, no
longer in control of anything, desiring only to have him
back with her, to feel his touch upon her.  "Oh god,
Master..." she starts to moan, and he promptly smacks her
ass with his hand.  "Don't speak unless you're spoken to,
slut."
 
     He kneels over her back, caressing her, reassuring
her.  He pulls her hips up into the air, and reaches
underneath her to pinch the nipple clamps, listening to
her rising moans.  He asks her if she'd like him to
remove them.
 
     "Oh god, yes, Master," she whispers.
 
     He quickly pulls them off both nipples before she is
ready, and she screams loudly at the release and the
intense pain.
 
     "Baby, I love the sound of you screaming," he tells
her, smiling.
 
     He takes one of the clamps and inserts it into her
pussy, clamping the other end of the chain to her labia.
Each time she moves she can feel the clamp inside of her
moving also.
 
     "Keep your ass in the air, slut, your ass needs to
be ready for me."
 
     He spreads her cheeks, and lubricates a large
plug.  He starts slowly, inserting the tip as she writhes
and loosens up bit by bit, and then he inserts it further
into her tight ass.  "Take a deep breath slut," he tell
her, and he shoves the large plug in to the hilt, leaving
only the base flush against her cheeks.  She squirms with
pain and with pleasure.
 
     "Lay back down flat again," he says, pushing her
down.  She lays with her ass plugged and her labia
clamped and her hands leashed and her stockinged legs
spread, and she now knows she is completely under her
Master's control.  This is total submission, which has
always been both her desire and her fear.
 
     She hears the zipper of her dress come down, and
it's off, and she is now bare for him.  He stops and
feeds her more wine from his mouth, and then runs his
mouth down her neck and her back, licking and kissing and
biting.
 
     "Savannah, ask me to use the riding crop on you.
You need to be marked for your Master."
 
     "Oh god, no," she groans.
 
     He rotates the plug in her ass and pulls on her
leash.
 
     "Slut, do you belong to me?"
 
     "Yes, Master," she groans, whimpering from the
sensations.
 
     "Then ask.  NOW."
 
     "Oh god, oh god.....Master....will you please use
the riding crop on me?" she barely whispers.
 
     "Oh yes, baby, I will.  I will do whatever I wish
with your beautiful body."
 
     She feels him removing her white stockings, baring
her legs to him.  The anticipation is unbearable, and her
mind starts to float away from her physical body, leaving
her only with the desire to submit to him completely.
Finally, she feels the leather from the black riding crop
run slowly down her back, teasing her, warning her.
 
     The first stroke is gentle across her ass, as he
stands over her with power and force.  The next stroke is
harder, and she moans, sure that he won't go very far
with this.  But he is on fire with his desire and
domination of her.  The strokes fall rapidly across her
ass, from side to side, and he always pauses between
strokes to hear her sighs and moans.  When she's sure her
ass can bear no more, he moves up to her back, and then
down to her thighs, covering her body from top to bottom
with his mark.  She bites her lip to try and not cry out,
but the pain is too intense, and her moans dissolve into
screams, and then her screams dissolve into tears and
crying, knowing this is what they both crave, her
complete submission to him.
 
     When her tears are flowing freely, he stops.  He
removes the plug, picks her up and spreads her tender red
cheeks and places the tip of his cock on her tight
asshole.  Leaning over her sore back, holding her hard by
her hair and by her leash, he whispers, "Savannah, you
belong to me.  I claim you as my slave, my love, my
submissive, my property."  His cock enters her ass, just
the tip, holding her hips in place.  "Fuck my cock, my
slut, let me feel you..." and she is out of control with
desire, pushing back against him, taking his cock fully
inside her ass, fucking him as he fucks her so hard,
fucking as though nothing exists but her Master and his
cock and her desire to serve him, fucking for his
complete power.  He collapses his weight on her tender
back, but she doesn't care, he's fully on top of her,
grinding her into the floor, owning her, loving her,
coming deep inside her ass and filling her with his cum.
 
     He holds her there under him for a very long time,
and when he releases all of her bonds and carries her
gently to the bed, she can only whisper, "Thank you,
Master", while he smiles at how surprised she'll be to
find out what he has in store for her in the morning.
 
            -------------------------------
 
 
 
 
 
 

