                        "Saved By The Hand-Story #1"

                                Scott Van Horn


        The bell rung to leave class and Zack, as usual, 
hurried as quickly as he could to leave the room.  Just as he 
got to the doorway, a hand stopped him from walking any farther.
        
        "Where do you think you're going, Zack?"  It was Mr. 
Belding.
        
        "Uh...  Right to detention, of course."  Zack flashed 
a "Zack Morris" smile at the principal and walked back to a 
back-row seat.
        
        Zack Morris was 18, and aching to get out of the 
school.  His cock was aching for release.  He had been 
studying for a final exam at Slater's house for the past few 
nights.  Slater was definately straight and wouldn't believe
in jacking off with Zack.  The preppie, as he was known around 
High School, eased his fingers through his blond hair, aching 
to get home.
        
        Mr. Belding paced around the front of the classroom, 
impatiently.  Finally, he spoke to Zack.
        
        "You know, tonight is my wife and my anniversary.  
And...  You don't mind if..."
        
        "If you let me out of detention?"  Zack finished for 
him, smiling excitedly.  Mr. Belding thought it over and 
finally nodded.  "Then, I'm outta here!"  The blond preppie 
grabbed his books and headed swiftly for the door.  Mr. 
Belding clasped his hand on Zack's shoulder just as he 
approached the door.
        
        "Thanks, kid.  This means a lot."  Zack couldn't stand 
the sentimatality.
        
        "Go home and have fun."  Zack winked, leaving a 
stunned Mr. Belding behind.  He couldn't have been talking 
about...  Nah...
        
        Before Zack could go home, he had to grab his sweaty 
athletic cloths in the gym room.  He loved to smell his own 
sweat while jacking his cock.  He rounded the corner, pushed 
the door open, and almost ran into a naked Slater.
        
        "What the hell...  Preppie, I thought you were in 
detention?"  Slater stood, towel around his neck, sporting a 
naked, tan, and hot body.  At least, so Zack thought as his 
cock began to push against his jeans.
        
        "He wanted to go fuck his wife.  It's their 
anniversary."  Slater nodded and began to laugh.

        "When I'm as old as him, I'll be letting anyone off 
work so I can work on the old woman back at home."  Zack 
laughed, patted his friend on the shoulder and began to walk 
past him.  Just then, Slater turned also, his cock brushing 
Zack's hand as he passed.  Not wanting to show that he felt 
anything, Zack continued on.  Slater flushed red, and walked 
out towards the showers.

        "See ya later, Preppie."
        
        Zack watched the hot athletic stud's buns as he moved 
down the hallway.  How he would like to touch his cock sometime.

        The blonde stud continued over to his locker, which 
happenned to be next to Slater's.  Inside, he could see a 
jock-strap, sweaty from a hard work out.  A sweaty shirt lay 
next to the strap.  Zack couldn't help but smell the aroma 
coming from the items.  He undid his lock and grabbed his 
sweaty clothing and stuffed it in his bag.  In the background 
he heard the showers turn on, and the moans of Slater being 
relaxed in the warm spray of water.

        Just as Zack locked his locker, he looked again at 
Slater's clothing.  He thought, Boy, those would smell good if 
I jacked off while getting a whiff of Slater.

        With that thought, he grabbed the jock-strap and 
shirt, and stuffed it in his gym bag.  He would say goodbye to 
Slater before he left.

        Morris walked down the hall towards the showers, and 
peered around the corner.  There stood the muscular Slater in 
a mist of warm steam, a hard cock in his hand.  He didn't 
notice Zack gazing in on his jacking off session, so he kept 
stroaking his at least seven inch cock.  Zack thought about 
how hot it looked, to see his good friend playing with 
himself.  After a moment or more of watching, he back around 
the corner and talked loudly.

        "Slater?  I'll see ya later, buddy!"  He looked around 
the corner, his eyes meeting with Slater's.  Slater had his 
hand around his cock, and was in mid-stroke.  He quickly 
turned away, hiding his cock from Zack's view.  "Woah, sorry 
to barge in on ya.  Enjoy yourself."  Zack winked at Slater, 
and headed back out of the locker room, adjusting his hardon.


        Immediately after Zack arrived home to an empty house, 
he ran upstairs, and unzipped his pants.  Finally, the rest he 
received.  His cock still stood hard from his encounter with 
Slater.  Although he would have wanted more to happen between 
the two, seeing Slater's hot cock gave him something to think 
about while jacking.

        With his left hand stroaking his seven incher, he 
opened his gym bag with his right hand pulled out his 
clothes.  He only had a shirt, shorts, and underwear because 
he wasn't on football, and thus he didn't need a jock-strap.

        Zack Morris breathed in his sweaty scent from his gym 
clothes.  They smelled sweaty, yet clean.  He felt dirty, and 
so he wanted to smell something dirty.  Zack reached in for 
Slater's still damp shirt and jock-strap.  As the aroma of 
Slater filled Zack's room, the preppie began to pump his hard 
cock even harder.

        He stuck his nose deep into the armpits of Slater's 
shirt, imagining the naked Slater, cock in hand, rubbing off 
in the showers.  How Zack wanted to be there, helping him.  He 
imagined running his fingers down Slater's hard chest to the 
thickly matted patch of black pubic hair.  After that, sliding 
his palm up and down his friend's cock.

        Zack pumped his own dick even more furious.  In his 
mind he could see the whole episode happenning.  Morris could 
feel Slater wrapping strong and rough hands around the 
preppie's cock, feeling it.

        Soon enough, the preppie came close to cumming all 
over his newly washed bedspread.  He slowed his stroakes and 
grabbed the jock-strap.  Inside were a few black pubic hairs 
from Slater's dick.  It was somewhat soaked with sweat from a 
tough football work out that Slater seemed to have enjoyed.

        With the jock-strap pressed against his nose, Morris 
smelled Slater and imagined his face being that close to the 
football star's prick.  It would be so wonderful, thought 
Zack.  He kept jacking with his left hand, feeling his cock 
all over.  Curious, he stuck his tongue out and licked the 
jock strap.  It tasted salty; not the taste of sweat though.  
Odd enough, Zack thought of the times he had slurped his own 
cum after jerking off.  It was!  Slater had came in his jock 
strap.

        After learning the news, Zack's hand moved furiously 
up and down his shaft.  He toyed momentarily with the head of 
his cock, intensely touching the soft skin on the far side of 
his dick.  Zack Morris felt so good!

        Laying back, he placed the sweaty jock strap on his 
face, occasionally poking his tongue to taste the sweet and 
bitter dried cum on it.  His left hand was moving up and down 
his shaft while his right hand played with his balls, moving 
them around gently in his scrotum.  Every now and then he 
moved it up to his patch of blondish pubic hair, running his 
fingers through the soft hair.  He moved his hand up under his 
shirt and toyed with his erect nipples.  Then, they moved back 
down to his balls, massaging them.

        Just then, Slater opened the door to Zack's room, 
talking.

        "No one answered so I thought I'd--"  Zack abruptly 
sat up straight, the jock-strap falling off the bed right to 
Slater's feet.  Casually, he bent down, picked it up, and 
tossed it in the corner.  Zack was so stunned at Slater's 
arrival that both hands still held on to his manhood.

        "Slater, I didn't expect you to--"

        "So that's where they went," said Slater pointing to 
the jock-strap and shirt.  "Do you need help continuing your 
fun?  I'd have wanted you to play with me in the showers, but 
after you winked I called for you, but you were gone."  Zack 
smiled, and pulled on Slater's shirt, bringing him closer.

        "If you'd like to have some fun, I'd love to."

        Zack moved his body closer to the far end of the bed, 
allowing Slater to lay down.  Then, Zack moved his hands to 
Slater's zipper, undid it and stuck his hand inside.


        The afternoon was just beginning for the two boys, 
thanks to Mr. Belding.  As Zack kissed Slater's lips he 
thought, "I guess sometimes it's good to be 'Saved by the 
Bell', in this case, a horny principal named Mr. Belding."
