Archive-name: Bestial/sbpepper.txt
Archive-author: Old Fox
Archive-title: Susan, Barbara and Pepper


     Your author only felt it fair for Barbara to visit and
     re-acquaint herself with her former pet, Pepper. I think
     reunions are fun and you should be able to share the
     enjoyment with me. This is the fourth in this series of
     stories and, if you have not read the previous, it would
     be helpful to get them for background for this one.

                                 Enjoy!
                                 Old Fox

Susan turned to the back of her book to check her last answer.
"Where did that negative sign come from? Oh, blast! It's in the
derivative of the cosine .... I should remember that, it cost me a
point on the last quiz." 

With a sigh, she closed her notebook and text and returned them to
her backpack for tomorrow's class. "Well, I got that done before
Barb got here." 

Checking her watch and sensing the emptiness in her tummy, she saw
it was time for lunch. Peanut butter and lettuce always tasted good
on a warm day so, today it was peanut butter and lettuce. Downing
the last bite, Susan heard a car pull up, stop and a door slam. She
got to the front door and opened it just as Barbara had her hand
raised to knock.

"Barb!"

"Susie!"

They hugged as old friends do with auntie-like kisses on the
cheeks.

"Well, what would you like to do for this twenty-four hours of
freedom from Chicago?"

"Where's Pepper? First, I want to see my buddy!" Susan pointed to
the kitchen door which Barbara quickly exited. She was greeted with
enthusiasm; Pepper's tail was wagging so hard it almost wagged his
whole body. He licked her neck as she bent to put her arms around
his neck and rub his back.

"Has he been good for you?" Barbara inquired.

"Oh yes!" Susan replied with certainty.

"Hey, this look like a good place to sun-bathe. I'd love to take in
some rays and just relax for a while."

"Sounds good to me, let's go in and get changed. Oh Barb, are you
still wearing that old one piece suit?"

"Yeah, I haven't had a chance to get anything else. Why? What about
you?"

"I'm wearing a bikini these days," Susan announced with pleasure
"and I've got an extra if you'd like to try one."

"Great! Let's do it!"

The went into Susan's bedroom to change. Once they had divested
themselves of street clothes, they once again compared bodies. They
had always been about the same height but Barbara had always been
a little heavier, but in nice places. While Susan had blonde hair,
Barbara's was a rich brown. Susan's bright blue eyes contrasted
with Barb's deep almond; Susan's pert breasts contrasted to Barb's
fuller, but upward-pointy, breasts. While Susan had tight, but
still nicely shaped buttocks, Barb's were a little more ample but
not so much as to cause alarm. Barb just plain had a little more
padding and where it was, it looked good.

Barb giggled. "What did you do?" She was looking, no- *staring* at
the freshly shaven pubic region. Since Susan had made it a regular
part of her shower ritual, she didn't really think of it as unusual
now.

"I shaved!"

"Ah ... but ... um .... oh.." was all that Barb could manage.
"Didn't it .. ah  ... hurt?"

"Nonono. I fact I rather enjoyed it. I really like the feeling. You
should try it! In fact, if you're going to wear a bikini, you
really should shave. I'll tell you what, *I'll* help."

Fun thoughts were running through Susan's mind. She wasn't going to
tell Barb what *else* the effect would be on her.

"Are you reeeeally sure it doesn't hurt?"

In response, Susan took her by the hand and lead her to the
bathroom; Barb followed with some reluctance. Susan sat her on the
stool, got out her scissors and trimmed the rich brown mat down
within a safe distance. She then got a hand towel and soaked it in
warm water to soften the remaining short hair. As she pressed the
towel to the mound, Barb inhaled---the attention to her pubis was
having an effect---she wondered if the swelling she was feeling was
visible. The warmth of the towel was wonderful! The towel came off
and the cooler air caused Barb to gasp and her nipples to become
taut. Now Susan's hand was gently rubbing the foam around the area.
It was all that Barb could do to keep from pushing up against the
gentle fingers. 

Susan knew darn well what was happening and was feeling aroused
herself; she *never* imagined that she would be aroused by touching
another female. The iffy part was coming as Susan began strokin the
razor through the foam. As she carefully removed the hair, her
pulling on the lips and accidental (HAH!) brushing of the clitoral
hood had Barbara raised to a fever pitch which she refused to
reveal to Susan; she couldn't allow her to know she was aroused by
another female's touches. She tried to act as cool as when she
shaved her armpits. The finishing touches and finally the warmed
towel to clean her off.

"Here, you'd better put some lotion on." Susan inwardly grinned as
she thought of the first time she had shaved and how the lotion
felt. Barbara took the offered lotion and carefully covered the
somewhat stinging area trying to hide the little tremors in her
body as she rubbed. She so badly wanted to slide her finger between
the pouty lips and rub hard to try to get a little relief.

Barbara had her bikini on first and left the bedroom ahead of
Susan. Susan watched as Barb's buttocks swayed and clenched more
than necessary for walking. 

On the back deck, Susan volunteered to adjust Barb's bikini for
maximal buttock tan. She gathered the material in the center and
gently pulled the firm globes apart to allow the material between.
She put some lotion on the palms of her hands and stoked Barb's
buttocks upward causing the bikini to put more pressure on the
shaven mound. Susan could see the effect by watching the twitches
in Barbara's back and the tightening of the band of muscles around
her middle.

Pepper noticed a pleasant aroma wafted to him by a gentile breeze.

---------

Susan finished washing the dishes and Barb put the last of them
away. The rest of the afternoon and early evening had been fun,
talking about parents, classmates, boys and classes. Barb hid well
(she thought) the fact that her crotch constantly demanded
attention and was constantly screaming at her to rub it. She tried
to placate it by occasional pressures with the heel of her hand,
squeezing her thighs, rubbing aginst the table, *anything*.

Bedtime came and Barb was (foolishly) sure that the lower demands
would subside in sleep. The two girls, and Pepper, climbed into
bed; Susan and Pepper nude as usual but Barb had short shift that
just covered the important parts. The girls kissed good-night, on
the lips, each one really wanting to do something more but denying
it to themselves; the kiss lasted a little longer than usual.

The light reflected by the moon gave a little illumination through
the window. The curtains gently parted with the waft of warm
evening air. Susan just lay there, tortured with *something*, some
desire deep inside. Even breathing signalled Barb's entrance to
sleep. Susan propped herself on one elbow and watched her friend
sleep. Barb shifted and stretched her arms above her head pulling
the shift up so that it no longer covered the shaved patch. Susan
could see Barb's thighs almost imperceptively squeeze and relax,
her pelvis almost imperceptively tilt and relax. Susan was feeling
her own movements matching Barb's. Barb's nipples were raising and
poking little tents up from the soft cotton fabric.

Susan's body jolted as the thought struck her. She was beginning to
have trouble controlling ragged breathing as the thought charged
her system. She could *not* act on the thought. She did. Susan
leaned over her sleeping friends abdomen and breathed most softly
on the bare mound. Barb's pelvis tilted upward in response, her
thighs drawn together. Another breath, another tilt. Susan's heart
was thudding within her chest.

Barbara sighed and shifted in her sleep. One hand rested on her
abdomen with one finger resting at the top of her pubic cleavage.
Her other hand cupped a breast, the tent over her nipple between
her thumb and forefinger. She had shifted a leg so that her legs
formed a *4* and her crotch was exposed. Her knee poked into
Pepper's side, which he didn't like, so he plopped down to the
floor to sleep; this was *not* his favorite sleeping spot.

Susan could see that with every breath Barb took, it caused her
finger to slide up and down, ever so slightly, on the cleavage.
This caused her to breathe more deeply and her finger to move even
more. Her finger began to twitch and press down, the muscles in her
arm became tense. Barb sighed again, pressed firmly and then
shifted once more, spreading her legs in a flat V and again
wrapping her arms above her head.

Susan could feel the muscles in her arm twitch in nervousness as
she again leaned over to blow softly on Barb's bare mons. With her
heart thudding so loudly that she was sure sure she would wake the
neighbors, Susan slowly and cautiously slid off the bed, went to
the foot of the bed and ever so slowly climbed between Barb's feet.
There was now open and easy access to her friend's inviting love
vee. Another gentle breath and Barb's knees bent outward. Another
and Barb tilted her pelvis upward, her buttocks alternating in
their pulses. Another breath and both buttocks tightened as Barb
tilted higher and her vulva brushed Susan's lips.

Electric shocks jangled Susan's system as the soft skin felt so
good against her lips and the delightful fragrance of Barb's crotch
etched its way to her brain. There was no stopping now. Her tongue
tentatively found its way to the top of the cleavage to encounter
flesh softer and tastier than any she had imagined in her wildest
dreams. Afraid that Barb would wake up and stop her, she still
couldn't leave without one more delectable touch. 

She felt a hand softly on her head, gently urging her toward her
desire. Barb had awakened and was so engulfed in arousal, and love
for Susan, that whatever fears and inner barriers she had felt were
gone. All she knew was that Susan was instinctively doing what Barb
felt the need for.

Susan extended her tongue and licked across the top of the
cleavage. The only sounds in the room were sighs as Susan's tongue
made soft circles with the center at the cleavage. With each pass
across Barb's outer lips, she'd twitch her knees further apart and
began to slide her feet up towards her lower body.

Susan was going wild. Her tongue was lavishing in pleasure as
Barb's crotch passed under it. It could taste erotic moisture as
the outer lips parted along with the parting knees. It could feel
delicate inner lips. It stopped there, between those lips. Barb
pulled with her hand and pushed with her pelvis and the tongue
parted the inner lips. Susan began moving it up and down the ever-
moistening crevice feeling tightening pulses as she reached the
apex, just under the clitoris. Susan then began flicking it from
side-to-side just under the tip. Barbara's pulling and pushing
became more urgent as the tongue flashed across the under-nerves.

Susan shifted her body up on her knees and brought her tongue up
across the straining tip elicting a spastic moan from Barbara.
Barb's pelvis was swaying, pushing, tensing and getting to the
point that it was difficult to maintain contact. Susan slid a hand
upward and inserted a finger between the slippery lips and began to
slide it in and out; another finger joined it easily and Barbara
was well on her way. Susan's other hand the first to steady it. She
could feel Barb's buttocks bouncing on the knuckle of her middle
finger. Moisture from her crotch had made the entire region
slippery and as Barb came down, her dark, tight nether hole began
to impale itself on Susan's knuckle. Susan pulled with her two
inner fingers in an attempt to hold Barb somewhat in place. What
she didn't know was that she was inadvertantly kneading Barb's G-
spot.

Suddenly, Barb pushed Susan's head away, her clitoris was too
sensitive at this instant. Susan continued to rub with her fingers
as Barbara suddenly bore down with a gigantic push as her first
*major* orgasm began to wrack her body. Susan had always wondered
what *she* looked like when she came. Now she was watching Barb's
head fling from side to side, her arms clutched to her sides and
her fingers clutching and clawing open space. Barb's vagina was
pushing and pulsing around her fingers and the knuckle became
inbedded in an oriface opened in the pushing process. Susan watched
and felt as Barb would breath deeply and push again, her tummy
pouched out and her knees drawn up in wave after wave of abandoned
release.

And, speaking of pooches, Pepper was now wide awake and watching
with avid attention the writhing bodies; Susan's body was now at a
fever pitch also.

The last shudders of pleasure exited Barb's body and she pulled
Susan up to her. Their breasts softly met and Barb's still-erect
nipples prodded at Susan's straining pink tips. Susan lowered
herself to Barb and lower bare flesh met lower bare flesh. It was
comforting for Barb but maddeningly erotic for Susan. Susan began
humping herself on Barb's pelvic bone. Without a word, Barb rolled
Susan over to her back and began kissing her way down the quivering
body. Barb parted Susan's legs and settled herself between to
return the favor. No teasing, Barb went to the center of attention,
that is, the center of *their* attention.

Pepper's attention was now on the new buttocks with the glistening
moisture. Placing his forepaws on the edge of the bed, he began to
taste. Barb started at the touch, but after all, this was only
Pepper, her old pet so, what the hell!! His tongue became more
insistent and found the quivering crevice. As Barb ministered to
Susan she found herself hunching her back in pleasure as Pepper's
tongue slid across her not-quite-sated clitoris. 

Barb plunged her tongue in Susan's vagina in rythmn to Pepper's
licks. Licking was fine, Pepper enjoyed the taste. But, that was
doing nothing for his penis now straining and dripping. Pepper
hopped up on the bed and placed his forelegs around Barb's indented
waist as he began to try to find something to encase his insistent
member. As it poked at the sensitive area between Barb's anus and
vigina, Barb placed her mouth over Susan's mound and snaked her
tongue to the edge of the clitoral hood. Barb, remembering how good
the three fingers had treated her, did the same for Susan. 

Susan's eyes flashed open as the finger slowly slid in her pulsing
anus. Barbara's eyes flashed open as Pepper's penis popped inside
her vaginal opening. Pepper's eyes were already open.

Pepper's penis was sliding just under the tip of Barb's clitoris
bringing her to the brink once more. Pepper's pounding on Barb's
buttocks caused her to involuntarily jerk her fingers and give
pulsing pressure on Susan's clitoris. Susan's cry of love and joy
escaped her drawn lips as the first wave of her encompassing orgasm
pummelled her pelvis. Barb exploded at the sound of Susan's voice,
the feel of her body and the pounding penis. Pepper squirted long
and hard as his penis impaled his former master's channel which had
now begun to milk him with its spasms. All three seemed to give a
final deep sigh simultaneously and finally collapse in a heap.

Barbara crawled up to be encased by Susan's still-trembling arms.
They hugged and gently kissed and tasted themselves on the other's
lips. They quietly fell asleep in their after-glow.

Pepper licked himself clean, settled in to sleep and dream his
doggy dreams.
 
--
