This is the one where the first pictures came from.

===========

Sometimes I would get a girl real easy, other times in took months.   In
this case I’m telling you about, I just took an opportunity and got a
real quickie.   Don’t know what happened to the girl, but it kinds of
shows how most of my conquests went.

I was watching driving along with one of my younger sons when I see this
girl young walking along.   Looked like she was coming back from the
store down the road.  It was summer and she was wearing cutoffs and one
of those short bikini tops.   She was average height, with medium brown
hair pulled back in ponytails.  I guessed she was 14 or 15 years old. 
Far as I could tell from the car, she had a real pretty innocent face.  
Her tits looked to be real small and hard, but her hips were already
like a woman’s, nice and curvy.   My cock began to throb the first time
I saw her.  It knew that no man had gotten into that mouth or those hips
yet, and it wanted to be the first.

I drove by her a few times, checking her out.  I liked the way her
ponytails bounced and her little pussy swayed as she walked along on her
little feet.   Guess she was enjoying summer vacation, before school
started in a few weeks..

I noticed a spot ahead of her where she had to walk over this small
creek.  There were lots of trees and bushes there.    A couple houses
were close and there was some traffic, which meant that this would be
kind of dangerous for me.   But I really wanted that girl, really wanted
a chance to put my black baby in her belly.  I decided the gamble was
worth it.  I’d just be extra quick about it.    I told my boy Kevin (he
was 8 back then) that I was going to have me a little fun, and that he
could be the lookout for me.   So I parked the car and we ran over to
the creek, hiding behind some bushes.   At the last moment I remembered
I had a camera;  I told my boy to bring it.    I had this notion for
some time that I should start taking pictures of my girls and what I
accomplished with them.   Figured I could sell quite a number of photos,
which did turn out to be the case.   

Anyway, I waited.  I was real nervous, because of the traffic and all. 
In fact, wasn’t even sure this girl would keep walking and end up over
here.   But sure enough, after a minute I see her coming.   I hid behind
a bush and waited, as she began to walk by.    As luck would have it, no
cars were coming by right then.  She was pretty all right, with nice
tanned legs and perky little tits.   Shit, I couldn’t wait to get to
her.   I timed my rush, and then leapt out and grabbed her from
behind.   I put one hand over her mouth and wrapped another arm around
her chest.   Then I quickly dragged her down into the bushes.

She was so surprised that first she only gave a surprised squeal.  As I
pulled her down the slope though she began to fight and began  to
scream.    I punched her and pulled out my knife.

"Don’t make a sound, you little bitch", I said, and threatened her with
my knife.   She had real big blue eyes, and they were just full of
fear.   She was trembling now, but stopped her screaming.    I looked
around, but didn’t see anyone could have heard us.   Still, those houses
were close and there was no telling who might have heard, or seen me
pull this young lady off the street.   The cops could be coming right
now.   So I decided to finish her real quick.

I liked the feeling of her soft young body squirming against mine.   I
could feel her curves and smell her perfume.  There is nothing like
holding a teenaged girl.   I rubbed my hungry throbbing cock against her
hips and ran my hand up her blouse.  Her tits were small and hard, and
her little nipples were erect.   Maybe I was turning her on a bit, I
know that lots of schoolgirls dream of getting nailed by a black man,
maybe I was this honey’s dream come true.  Anyway, I pawed and knead
them really good, feeling her virgin meat.

"Oh please, mister, don’t!", the girl whispered.   She was trembling and
scared to death, but knew better than to resist.

I took a good look at her face.  She was really cute all right, the way
lots of young girls are.   Had freckled cheeks and a full mouth with
nice red lips.   Looked she had used this lots of lipstick this morning,
trying to look grown-up and all.  I leaned down and kissed those lips
hard.   She shivered and squirmed in my arms, which made my cock just
about go wild.   Shit, I didn’t know just kissing a girl could be such a
turn on, but that’s the way it was with this one.   I ran my long thick
tongue into her mouth, and played around inside for a bit.   Her eyes
closed hard.  I knew she was disgusted by my tongue in her mouth, but
that was too bad.   In a minute she was going to have something else
even more disgusting in there.

I heard some clicks.   That was my boy taking pictures.   The sound
brought me back to reality.   I hated the idea I didn’t have more time
with this schoolgirl, she really turned me on more than most.  But time
was short - sure as well didn’t want to get caught porking some
teeny-bopper in this whitebread town.

With that thought I pushed her to her knees.   She began to cry but it
was clear by now that this one wasn’t a fighter.  Too young and too
scared.   Good thing too, since otherwise I might not have had time to
do her.
Anyway, I pulled my cock out.   It was just about fit to explode.    Her
eyes got real big when she saw my nigger prick erect in full glory,
thick and black and pulsing.   From the look in her eyes, I bet she had
never even seen a prick before, much less one as big and potent as
mine.   Well, time to give this baby an education.

"You do me little ho, and then I’ll let you go.  Just make sure you
swallow", I ordered her.   She didn’t respond but just looked at me with
big scared eyes.   I grabbed her head by the ponytails and began to push
her face down on my waiting organ.   Her head was tense and there was
some resistance, but slowly her head bowed into position.   Meanwhile,
my boy was busy taking pictures.  I told him to slow down and make sure
there was enough film for later on.   Only had one roll.

When my cocktip touched this full red lips, I almost came right there.  
Shit, that was a turn on, my meaty cock pressed against her mouth.   The
girl held her lips together firmly as I ran it against them.   Looked
like she didn’t want to do this for me.   I gave her ponytails a hard
hank and she squealed a bit.   Then her lips slowly parted.

"Ah yeh, little girl", I moaned, as my long black snake slithered into
her face.   I moved it inside her left cheek, and then the right.   It
made a big pulsing bulge there.  It looked great, her young freckled
face with a veined black cock stuck between her full red lips.   I could
feel her teeth and her sweet little tongue.    Her eyes were wide open,
staring helplessly at my thick black rod as I began to move it in and
out of her.  

I began to face fuck her, moving in and out.   The girl wasn’t much of a
cocksucker, she clearly didn’t have any experience in this area.  She
just sucked it like a straw and didn’t know how to use her tongue
right.  Still, the sight of a young white schoolgirl  sucking my manhood
made up for her lack of skill.   Maybe I’d come back some other time and
teach her have to given a black man a proper blowjob.  Meanwhile, this
would do for now.   For awhile there was no other sound other than her
crying and sucking, and the slap of my hairy balls against her face.   I
kept forcing my cock as far as possible into her head, and was able to
get quite a bit of it inside.   Shit, once or twice I thought it was
going to pop out the other side of her head, between her ponytails.

Meanwhile, my boy watched with a big smile on his face.   This was an
education for him too, I guess.

After a few seconds I could feel thick clumps of sperm well up from my
big balls.  I stopped stroking and  grabbed the girl’s head and held it
tight.    She knew what was coming.   Her whole body got tense and I
could see her make hands became little fists.    Then I exploded my
load.

"Mother fucker yeh!" I yelled as I fired my seed right into her brains. 
The girl groaned and gagged, and then began to retch.  She tried to pull
away, but I kept her head pinned to my sputtering organ.    She
shuddered and began to swallow as fast as she could.   I just kept
ejaculating like crazy, firing one creamy spurt after another.   Soon
sperm was dripping from her mouth even though she was trying to keep up
with the flow.  

Finally, I shot my last spurt and pulled.   The girl collapsed to the
ground sobbing, semen dripping out of her mouth and chin, staining her
blouse.  I noticed that there was a nice red ring around my cock shaft,
where her lips had wrapped.   I bet when she was putting on lipstick
this morning she never dreamed it would end up smeared on a black cock!

She looked so cute laying there, her sweet girlish thighs jiggling
slightly in those short cutoffs, that I decided I’d risk taking another
minute.  I just had to mate with her.   I knew it was dangerous, but I
just had to be the one who bred this little babe.

So I leaped on her and began to pull her shorts down.   The girl cried
but didn’t really fight me.   I had always found that girls rarely
resist after they’ve been forced to give a blowjob.   Don’t know why
this is, maybe all that sperm in their brains has that effect.  Anyway,
I pulled her cutoffs down.  She wore pink panties with little birds on
them.  Shit.   I hooked my fingers around the elastic and ripped these
off, too.   I threw them off into the bushes and settled on top of her.

Her young tight body felt great underneath me.  I could feel every curve
of her schoolgirl body, and still smelled her perfume, even though now
it was mixed with the smell of my semen.    She was trembling and
crying, but still made no effort to fight me off.    I inserted my
throbbing baby-maker between her thighs.   They were soft and warm,
ready for the taking.    I began to push into her virgin girlhood. 
Shit, this was really a tight one, and my cock was just massive. I kept
pushing and pushing, trying to pop her.  Finally, after one big thrust, 
she yelped and moaned.    I knew what this meant, as the flesh gave away
and I slowly penetrated.   Another white virgin bites the dust.   I
heard Kevin take more pictures like crazy.

My cock gnawed into her sweet young body, inch by inch.   The girl
panted and yelped as it chewed into her virginity, and her soft curved
hips moved and shuddered.  Shit, this felt great.   After a minute I had
my organ fully into her.   I leaned back and admired my work:  a
teenaged schoolgirl on her back, with my black rapist baby-maker nestled
within her hips, filling up her virgin body.   My cock throbbed inside
her as she squirmed and moaned, impaled and conquered.   Although she
was tight, she was pretty  moist inside.  I laughed, maybe her
white-girl mind didn’t want me, but her body sure did.   It liked the
idea of my strong and black potent seed inside her, using her for
reproduction.

I began to pork her with the old in-an-out.  With each thrust her small
hard tits would bounce and she’d yelp and squeal.   I had already take
way too much time, so I really went to work.  It felt great inside her,
nice and tight and moist.   Since this one was so obedient, I ordered
her to wrap her legs around me.  After a moment hesitation, I felt her
lift her legs and slowly coiled around me, and then the click as her
feet touched at the small of my back.   Man, I wish I could have taken
this babe home with me, she was such a natural turn-on. I just rode her,
thrusting and porking, while she moaned and squirmed under my breeding
rod.

So I balled my new girl hard for a couple minutes, until I felt my final
triumphant load travel down my cockshaft.   Her whole body tensed, as
she awaited her fate.  

And then I exploded and claimed her as my latest victim

Our bodies shook together as my seed flowed into her.   Her eyes were
wide open and staring at me with this vacant raped look.  I leaned down
and kissed her and stared back into her pretty blue eyes, as I ground
thick clumps of my life into her conquered body.   I spurted again and
again, until sperm dribbled down her thighs and into the ground.  
Finally, after seeming like forever, the girl unwrapped her legs.  I
pulled out and watched her roll over on her stomach, whimpering softly.

As for me, shit, I felt great.  What a way to start the week.  I put my
spent cock back into its cage and left the scene of the crime, taking
her panties as my trophy.

I never did see this girl again, so I don’t know if she had my kid or
not.   My boy claimed that he saw her some months later and she had a
real big belly, but I never did see for myself if this were true or
not.  Anyway, the pictures turned out great, especially the part where
she first started the blowjob and during the the first part of the
mating (he got a great picture of the look on that girl’s face when I
penetrated her).   I made quite a bit of money off those pictures, it
sure bought a lot of crack.

