
From ddaily@digiforest.com Thu Nov 28 19:17:45 1996
Path: azea.digiforest.com!cam-news-feed1.bbnplanet.com!delphi.com!news-feed.iguide.com!news-out.internetmci.com!pull-feed.internetmci.com!news.internetMCI.com!peerfeed.internetmci.com!howland.erols.net!www.nntp.primenet.com!nntp.primenet.com!news1.best.com!nntp1.best.com!usenet
From: Captain Swing <swing@xnowhere.com>
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Schoolgirl Rape #2
Date: Sun, 17 Nov 1996 11:04:37 -0800
Organization: swing
Lines: 269
Message-ID: <328F61C5.1B7B@xnowhere.com>
Reply-To: swing@xnowhere.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: minson.vip.best.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Mailer: Mozilla 3.0 (WinNT; I)

By request.  This was one of the three cases where it was verified
that the girls did have his baby.

==========

Sometimes the girls just walk into it, and sometimes it takes goddamn
forever.  Long time ago a highschool cheerleader had just walked right
into my arms, and I’d scored easy, leaving a healthy black baby in her
belly.   But other times it’s harder, like in this case I’m telling you
about.

She was a catholic schoolgirl.  I guess she was 15 or so.  She had long
blonde hair that she generally wore in a ponytail.  Her tits looked
small, but I bet they’d get pretty big in a couple years.   She was kind
of leggy though, which I really liked.   She wore one of those
uniforms.  White blouse, plaid skirt, knee-high socks.    She had a very
young face, real pretty and innocent, with big blue eyes and a button
nose.   I’d see her walking along on her way to school, tapping along on
her little feet, her girlish hips swaying in that short skirt,  and my
cock would just about explode.  Damn, I wanted that bitch. One way or
another, I was going to get to her.

I first saw her at a mall.  I’d followed her out to the parking lot,
looking for an easy one, but it was way too busy.  So I followed her and
learned where she lived, went to school, everything.   Day after day,
night after night, I watched.  Almost all the time she was with
somebody, safe and protected.    Her mother and father worked, but her
mother always got home early.   And she had this sister who was always
around too.  The sister was maybe a year older, but not as pretty as the
younger one.  

But finally I discovered that on Thursday afternoon she got home early,
and her parents and sister wouldn’t be there for another couple hours. 
It was a big house, set far from the street.  Just about right.

So the Thursday finally came. I hadn’t had a women for some weeks and
the pressure was getting unbearable.  But today I was going to make me
another white girlfriend.  The little ‘ho would be happy to take care of
my problem.

Those days I did some home theft on the side to add to the welfare
checks, so it was easy for me to break into the house.  Nice place.  And
it was easy for me to find her room.  It was all done in pink and white,
and there were little stuffed rabbits on the bed.  Well, I was going to
turn this little girl into a rabbit, I remembered thinking.  I checked
out her dresser and found her panty drawer.  So this is what is under
that skirt I laughed, as I ran my hands through her stuff.

I heard the front door open.  I backed into her closet and hid and
waited.

The wait went on forever.  I got real impatient.  Where was that bitch? 
I thought about going looking for her.  Maybe she was watching TV or
something.   But then I heard footsteps.  They were of my little girl 
all right, I could tell just by the sound.   The bedroom door opened and
she walked in.  I watched her through a crack in the door.

She was in her uniform and her hair was done back in her ponytail.  She
walked to her dresser.  I was breathing really hard and hoped the bitch
would undress for me.  Instead she just took out a pink comb.  Then she
walked right towards the closet.

Shit, showtime I thought, and got ready.   She opened the door and
reached her hand for a dress.  My big black face was just behind it.   I
saw her little hand grab the skirt, just inches from my arm.   My cock
was pounding and screaming for action.  I thought that enough was
enough, time to do this girl.  I took my knife out, and then reached out
and grabbed her hand.  

For a moment the girl was too shocked to do anything.  She just started
at my big black hairy paw wrapped around her arm.  Then he moved the
dress aside, and she saw me standing there, a big black rapist.

Her mouth worked, getting ready to scream.  I was ready for that and
pounced.  I grabbed her and threw her back into her bed and was on top
of her instantly.  She cried out, a shrill sound of terror.

"Don’t make a sound, you little cunt, or I’ll cut you up", I told her. 
I slapped her and showed her the knife.

She was breathing real hard, but didn’t make a noise or say a word.  She
was absolutely terrorized of me and didn’t know what to do.  I could see
she wasn’t going to be a fighter. Ok with me, I didn’t give a shit to
tell you the truth.  Though sometimes I like it when girls put up a
struggle,  all  I really cared about was getting into their bellies.  
And this one was going to be real good.    She was pretty all right,
maybe even beautiful.  Her little mouth was perfect and I liked the feel
of her fresh young body under mine.  She had good curves and was ripe
for the taking.

My cock was just pounding.  No time to waste.  I grabbed the bitch and
pushed her to her knees.  Then I went to my zipper.

"On please don’t hurt me, of please don’t….", the girl whispered.   She
was shaking like a leaf.

My nigger cock popped out, thick and black and throbbing.  Her big blue
eyes got even bigger, and tears came to them.  Shit, now she was crying
too.   I bet she’d never even seen a cock before, much less a big nigger
one.   She tried to get up but I pushed her down again.   It was a great
look, this little beauty on her knees,  staring at my hungry prick.

"Suck me, and make sure you swallow it", I ordered.  I pushed my cock
into her face, but the girl was so scared and shaking she couldn’t make
a move.  So I grabbed her by the ponytail and pushed her face down on
it.   I almost spurted when my prick touched those red lips, but then
she turned her ahead away.  I forced it back into place and pressed
against her lips again.  Slowly her mouth opened, and I began to slide
it in.

"Ah shit", I muttered.  My cock slid into her little mouth, inch by
inch.  It made this thick pulsing bulge in her left cheek. I shifted and
moved down her throat.  I could feel her milky teeth, and her rasping
tongue.  

Like most young white girls, she didn’t know how to give a good
blowjob.  She began to suck my cock like it was a straw.  Still, there
is nothing like a virgin schoolgirl cocksucker.  What they lack in
experience is made up by everything else. Man, the wait was worth it, I
decided.  I moved my cock in-an-out, face fucking her.  After all that
time,
watching this young untouchable girl, and now she was on her
knees sucking my manhood. Too good to be true.

I felt the first load of black seed coming up and got ready to fire it
into her.   But then she surprised me by pulling back at the last
second, and my precious sperm went flying into her face and hair.   I
was really pissed that she hadn’t swallowed.  

"My stuff ain’t good nuf’ for you, hey bitch?", I shouted.  I lost
control a bit and threw her back on the bed, 
slapping her a few times.  She begged me to stop.   I’d break this cunt
in.   I straddled her face and forced my
cock into her mouth again, this time forcing it way down her throat.  
Now she really struggled, but I was having none of it.   I pushed in
deeper, and my hairy black balls began to slap her pretty young face.  I
few deep strokes and I felt another load coming.  I held her tight and
fired this load right into her brains.   She gagged , but didn’t try
that last trick.  She just closed her eyes and swallowed as fast as she
could.   Yeh, that felt great, as I pumped my sperm into her.

I dismounted.  She just lay there, conquered, sperm dribbling out of her
mouth and sticking in her hair.  I ran my hand through that hair, it was
thick and silky.  I grabbed my cock and spurted some more into her face,
and then massage it into her hair and face.  Soon her entire head was
sticky with my seed.

I looked at her body, laying there and ready.  Her shapely white thighs
were slightly apart, and her plaid schoolgirl skirt was hoisted up
several inches.   Shit, I thought, I haven’t even deflowered her
yet.     Being a black stud I didn’t worry about my juice, but I did
worry about the time.    So I got to work.

I could tell my girl wasn’t going to resist anymore.   Her eyes were
closed and she was breathing hard, but was making no effort to escape.  
Good, I wasn’t interested in any more fighting. I unbuttoned her blouse
and popped her bra up.  There they were, two small girlish breasts, and
a cross  hung between them!  Guess she was a good Christian girl.  I
grabbed her tits and gave them a good feel.  They were nice and firm and
tight.  I sucked each one just to watch her nipples rise.  The girl got
tense when I did that and made a small effort to get up but I slapped
her down again.

I ran one hand under her skirt and hooked her panties.   I began to pull
them down.  

"Oh please, I’m a virgin ….", the girl said.  I laughed.  Did this ‘ho
think that would stop me?

"That’s why I’m here, bitch" I sneered.  

The girl put up another feeble struggle now.  Maybe she thought that
blowjob had saved her, and that I wouldn’t have the seed left to finish
her.  But now she knew she was going to get raped by a black man, and so
she made one last defense of her body.  I easily pushed her back and got
ready for the final conquest of her.

I pushed her down and hoisted her skirt, forcing my hungry organ between
her soft cool thighs.  Shit, that felt great.  She still struggled, but
the feel of this twisting hips and legs just made things better, my cock
longer and harder.  With one hard thrust my black prick penetrated her.

"Oh God no…"  the girl cried as I slid it in.  Inch by inch my black
cock snaked into her young virgin body.  In a few seconds I had her
completely impaled.   Man, there is nothing like the feel of young
schoolgirl pussy.  It was tight in there as I began the old in-and-out.

The girl went completely limp.  Occasionally she’d squeal when I boned
her extra hard, but beyond that she had given up.  So I just took my
time and had a great fuck.  I pushed her legs back and screwed her deep
into her own bed.  Her legs were now up in the air, sitting on my
shoulders.  She was still wearing her little black leather pumps and
socks, but now they were sitting wrapped around my neck, where they
belonged.  Her eyes were tightly closed and her sperm-encrusted ponytail
lay flowed across  the bed.  Her bed squeaked with each thrust. Her firm
little tits and the cross bounced as I porked her long and hard. 

Finally I couldn’t keep it in any longer.  I could feel a huge gob of
sperm rising from my balls.  My cock got longer and harder.  The girl’s
big blue eyes opened - she knew what was about to happen inside her.  I
guess she wanted to watch me as I claimed her.    And then I exploded my
load inside.

Man, that felt great, as I pumped my sperm into her body.   I just
spurted and spurted, as all that seed I’d stored finally found it’s
home.   Another virgin bites the dust, I thought, and another black baby
gets started.   I liked the fact that she was a catholic schoolgirl -
abortion wasn’t going to happen.  I think life is sacred and it pissed
me off that some of my girls had gotten rid of my babies that way. 
Wouldn’t happen with this one, I thought.  

Finally I was finished.  Damn, I felt great.  The girl just lay in her
bed, softly crying, my seed planted deep inside her.  I put my cock back
in its cage, took her panties as a trophy, and walked out.   

As I did, I heard the front door open.  I almost collided with the
sister as she walked in.  I was surprised, but less so than this girl. 
So I acted quickly.  I slammed the door shut and grabbed the girl.  She
shrieked and began to claw and fight.  Shit, I hadn’t planned on this. 
I dragged the girl back to the bedroom of her raped younger sister.

The younger sister hadn’t move.  Guess she was in shock.  At first I
just wanted to get away - my time was running out.  But fate had given
me a new virgin schoolgirl, who was struggling in my arms.   I could
smell her perfume and the soft girlish curves of her body.  I decided I
couldn’t pass up a quickie.

I pushed the girl onto a table, face down.  Then I pushed her plaid
skirt up and clawed for her panties.  Shit, this girl really was a
fighter, unlike her sister.   But finally I scared her a bit with my
knife, even though she still twisted and struggled.

I got her panties off and pushed her into position.   I thought my cock
was finished for the day, but all the excitement had made it hard
again.  I slid it between her soft shapely legs and began to push at her
gate.

"No! No! No!", the girl kept shouting.   I kept pushing trying to open
her, but she was really tight.  Finally, my cocktip nibbled into her a
bit and then I began the big push….

With one victorious thrust I penetrated her.   The girl shrieked as I
deflowered her, but  continued to fight.  But now it didn’t matter. 
Inch by inch, my black prick skewered her sweet body.   After a moment
my nigger baby-maker was secure inside this girl’s hips, doing what it
did best.   I rode her for maybe a half a minute, thrusting and porking
as fast as I could.  Then I felt the last black seed of the day travel
down my shaft to its destiny.   The girl’s body got real tense as she
felt this.  She knew she was about to end up like her younger sister,
and she fought like an alley cat, twisting and scratching.    That just
made it better, I like balling spirited girls.   I felt my load build
up, and then I let it loose…

The girl moaned as she felt my seed gush into her.   I stroked a few
more times, shooting my last creamy spurts  between her soft cool
thighs.   Finally, I dismounted.  The girl slid off her  raping table
and fell to the ground, crying and conquered.

I picked her up and laid her by her sister.  They made quite a pair, two
raped white schoolgirls, filled with potent black sperm.   Damn, I
remember wishing I had brought a camera.   Anyway, I had to go.  This
time I got out the front door with no problem.

As always, I checked into these girls about a year later.   As happened
a lot, I had succeeded in breeding both of them.  They had ended up at 
some kind of  place for unwed mothers, taking care of three black
babies  (the young one had fucking twins!).   The older sister had a
boy,  not sure about what the twins were, although I hope they were both
boys.

