			   A School Girl's Tale


Lisa was sitting on a black leather sofa.  The leather of the couch
made a peeling sound against her bare thighs as she shifted and
brushed her blond bangs out of her eyes.  She was wearing a dark green
and black plaid jumper with a short pleated skirt, a white long
sleeved blouse and a black necktie.  Her long legs were demurely
crossed over a pair of saddle shoes and white calf high sox.  Except
for the shortness of the skirt and the fullness of her breasts beneath
the blouse, she presented the classic picture of a school girl as
watched Miss Moore tidy up her desk as she got ready to leave for the
day.  She had been watching Miss Moore silently for the last fifteen
minutes as she went through her end of the day routine.  Dispite her
nervousness, Lisa was starting to get bored.  Miss Moore opened the
bottom desk drawer and removed her purse.  She reached over to the
intercom on the desk and pressed a button.

"If there is nothing else, John, I am leaving for the day"
 
A male voice answered from the intercom "Could you send Lisa in
now please.  And have a good evening."
 
She turned to Lisa.  "You can go in now, Miss."
 
Lisa's heart started beating faster.  "Thank you" she replyed in a
voice that she hoped did not sound too nervous.  She got up from the
sofa and walked toward the door behind the desk.  The door had a small
brass plaque on which was written "John Harrison".  Facing the door
when Lisa entered was a man in a grey suit, sitting behind a dark
polished wood desk.  He was tall and broad sholdered, with blond hair.
She shut the door and approached the desk.  The dark wood was bare
except for a file, which he was reading.  To her left was another
black leather sofa.  Lisa stood before the desk with her hands clasped
in front of her and waited for the man to look up from the file.
After what seemed like an eternity, Mr Harrison said "Lisa, we both
know that this is not the first time you have been in this office"
 
She looked down at her saddle shoes.  "Yes, Sir"
 
"In this note, your teacher, Mrs. Stone, tells me of some particularly
irresponsible behaviour".
 
In a little voice Lisa answered "Yes, Sir"
 
"Speak up, young lady"
 
Lisa cleared her throat, which seemed to have suddenly gone dry and
answered a little louder this time, "Yes, Sir"
 
Mr. Harrison paused for a moment, starring at the file, as if
thinking.  Lisa shifted nervously from one foot to the other.  Finally
Mr.  Harrison said "We expect much better behaviour from our young
ladies, especially in the senior form.  On the last two occasions you
have gotten off with no more than a stern lecture.  I am afraid that
this time it will be different.  Normally I would suspend you for a
week, but I know that if I did that, you would have a difficult time
with your exams and it is close to graduation.  So, I will give you a
choice, a week suspension or a spanking, although we usually don't
spank girls who are past their second year."
 
Lisa kept starring at her shoes.
 
"Well young lady, what is it to be?"
 
"I will take the spanking, Sir", Lisa answered, in a quavering voice.
 
"Very well then."
 
Mr. Harrison stood up and took a fifteen inch oak ruler out of the top
drawer of the desk and walked over to the black leather couch.  "Come
over here", he ordered, sternly.
 
Mr. Harrison sat down on the couch and ordered Lisa to lie across his
lap.  She did as she was told, her body forming a vee with her bottom
at its apex.  Mr. Harrison put the ruler down on the couch within easy
reach and raised the skirt of Lisa's jumper.  A pair of low cut white
cotton bikini panties covered the round swell of her botton.  He
brought his open palm down smartly, first on her right cheek, then on
the left.  The thin cotton panties provided little protection and each
slap evoked a small cry from Lisa.  She was on the edge of tears
before the spanking started and now she started to cry.  Mr.  Harrison
continued to spank her, the only sound in the room being Lisa's crying
and the slap of his hand on her bottom, only slightly muffled by her
panties.  After giving Lisa twenty slaps on each cheek, Mr. Harrison
stopped.
 
She felt his hand slide beneath the waist band of her panties and she
shifted her weight on his lap so he could pull them down to the middle
of her thighs.  Her bared cheeks were blushed pink.  She felt the cool
caress of smooth wood as the ruler moved over the bare skin of her
buttocks and inner thigh.  The caress disappeared for a moment and the
ruler landed hard on her right cheek, startling her with its sharp
sting and loud smack.  Mr.  Harrison held her firmly across his lap as
he spanked her with the ruler, alternating cheeks.  Lisa started
crying again, responding with a muffled "ow" each time the ruler came
down on a bare cheek.  Lisa squirmed as she was spanked, moving her
thighs apart, revealing honey blond hair and the lips of her vulva.
Each stroke of the ruler stung and left a red mark in its wake.  The
spanking seemed to go on forever.  Finally when she had received
thirty strokes on each cheek, it was over.  
 
Mr.  Harrison told Lisa to stand up and take off her jumper and her
blouse.  Still crying, Lisa mutely complied.  As she undressed, Mr.
Harrison crossed the room to a closet.  From the top shelf he took
down a polished maple rod, about two and a half feet long.  When he
returned to Lisa's side she was wearing only a white lace bra and her
panties, bunched around her thighs.
 
Mr. Harrison ordered Lisa to lie face down over the arm of the
sofa.  Lisa's buttocks were blushed crimson and she felt like here
bottom was on fire.  She flinched when Mr. Harrison lightly tapped her
across the cheeks with the rod.
 
"You are going to get twelve strokes with the rod to finish off your
punishment.  I want you to raise your bottom for each stroke."
 
Obediently Lisa raised her bottom, spreading her cheeks slightly and
making her vulva visible between her thighs.  Mr. Harrison raised the
rod and brought it whistling down on her buttocks.  The rod left a red
line across the already crimson checks.  It stung even more than the
ruler and she cried out, her cheeks contracting together, but she
obediently raised her bottom to receive the next stroke.  After the
first few strokes, she started to slip into the rhythm: the swish of
the rod as it cut the air, followed by its stinging bite, then a pause
as she waited, with her bottom raised, for the next stroke.  Mr.
Harrison seemed to time the strokes just right, so that she got the
next stroke as the sting from the last was starting to fade.
 
When her punishment was almost over she had burrowed into the couch
and did not offer bottom for the last stroke.  John brought the rod
down across her cheeks, which were clenched together.
 
"Come on love, only one more.  Now be a good girl and raise your
bottom"
 
Lisa raised her bottom.  The last stroke came whistling down, hard
across her buttocks, bringing one final cry.  Lisa lay across the arm
of the couch unmoving except for the slight shudder in her shoulders
as she cried.  She felt a hand caress her sore buttocks and then move
over her upper thighs, then between them, to the lips of her vulva,
which felt almost as swolen and hot as her bottom.  A finger moved
between the slick lips, circling between her clitoris and entering her
vagina.  She raised her bottom, as she had for the rod, but instead of
presenting her cheeks for punishment, she was opening herself to the
carressing fingers.  After a while,  the fingers moved away and she
heard the sound of pants being unzipped and the rustle of fabric.  She
inhaled sharply as John took her.  She streched out her arms on the
couch so she could push upward against his stokes.  Although she was
gasping with pleasure as he took her, each thrust also had a slight
edge of pain as he moved against her sore bottom.  She came twice
before she felt John gush inside her.
 
Ever since Lisa's first thoughts about sex started to emerge when she was
twelve, she had found spanking wildly exciting.  Her parents had not 
spanked since she was three, and even then it had been no more than a few
swats on the bottom, so she did not know where this strange
desire originated.  At first it was just a vague fantasy when she lay
in bed at night touching herself, bringing herself to orgasm.  But
that changed one summer day after Lisa went to her friend Ann's house.
 
Ann was Lisa's best friend in Junior High School.  That summer, Ann
was playing on a girl's softball team.  As Ann and Lisa were gossiping
about friends and classmates, Ann idly tossed a softball from hand to
hand.  Ann's mother walked by and told Ann to stop playing with the
softball in the house.  Ann ignored her and a few minutes later, lost
control of the softball, which went through a window.  Ann's mother
heard the crash of the breaking glass and came rushing into the room.
When she saw the broken window, she furiously grabbed Ann by the wrist
and pulled her across the room to a straight backed chair.  As she sat
down in the chair, she pulled Ann across her lap.  Lisa watched with
horrified fascination as Ann was angrily lecturing by her mother about
how she had been warned, had disobeyed and now was going to get a
sound spanking.  Ann's mother raised Ann's skirt, pulled her panties
down and started to spank her.
 
That night when Lisa lay in bed caressing herself, she imagined the
scene again, in vivid detail.  But this time it was not Ann's panties
that were pulled down, but hers.  As she moved her fingers between the
wet lips of her vulva she imagined that it was her bottom, not Ann's
that was being spanked until it blushed red.  As the fantasy spanking
climaxed, her bottom hot and sore under the hand of her imaginary
disiplinarian, Lisa reached orgasm.  After that, spanking was almost
always a part of her fantasies as she masturbated.  Over time, the
imaginary spankings got more elaborate.  She imagined being spanked
with a whip while tied over an ottoman, or caned on her bare bottom,
bent over the headmasters desk.  Other times she imagined that she was
whipped to redness with an elegant black leather ridding crop while
tied to the bannister of a regal dark wood staircase, her silk gown
thrown over her back and her satin panties pulled down around her
thighs.  Then, her disiplinarian, who she could not see, would ravish
her until she shuddered from orgasm.  Although sometimes she was
spanked by strong beautiful women, most of the time her spankings were
administered by faceless male lovers.  Sometimes Lisa imagined that
the spanking were well deserved punishments, but other times they were
a prelude to passionate lovemaking.
 
All through college and for several years after she graduated, Lisa
did not tell her lovers of her spanking fantasies.  She thought that
she must be crazy to be sexually excited by pain, for there was no
denying the fact that, in her fantasies, the spankings hurt and that
she wanted them to hurt.
 
She and John had been lovers for three months when they had been
playing in bed one day and he had given her bottom a playful slap.
Without thinking she raised her hips, offering herself for another
slap.  John smacked her again, a little harder this time.  Lisa kept
her bottom raised and she got her first spanking.  John only spanked
her lightly, enough to leave her pink, but when he stopped and started
to caress her, he found that she was very wet.  She pulled him on top
of her and guided him inside her without any futher foreplay.  That
night, after they made love, she started to tell John about her
fantasies.  He admitted that he found spanking her a incredible
turn-on and as time when on she found that she had an imaginative partner
who would play out the scenes that had haunted her fantasies since
childhood.
 
They started out with hand spankings mixed with the caresses and
licks of forepaly.  Sometimes she would wear sexy lace panties and
play the naughty girl.  John would pull her across his lap, raise her
skirt and scold her for wearing such sexy panties, before pulling them
down and spanking her with his hand until her bottom was red.
Once, when she was playing the role of a naughty girl, John spanked
her harder than he had before, goaded by her acting.  When she
started to cry, John stopped spanking her immediately, horrified that
he had actually hurt her.  As he held her, she explained that she was
fine and had not wanted him to stop at all.  The crying was not a
result of the pain but of intense emotion.
 
Like someone who starts eating spicy food and moves to hotter and
hotter dishes, Lisa sought more intensity in the spankings John gave
her.  One night before lying naked across John's lap, she handed him
an oak ruler.  After warming her bottom with his hand, he started
spanking her lightly with the ruler.  She moaned for him to spank her
harder until he held her firmly across his lap and the strokes of the
ruler fell loudly on her cheeks.  She came as she squirmed on his lap,
her thighs pressed together and the ruler making her bottom burn.
After that, hand spankings where only used to warm her bottom for
something with a harder sting.  On a lazy Sunday morning, after John
had lovingly brushed Lisa's hair, he just as lovingly applied the hair
brush to her bottom.  She bought a riding crop and called John at work
and asked him to meet her at home for lunch.  When he arrived she was
waiting in the bedroom, wearing only a pair of transparent black
bikini panties, the riding crop lying on the bed.  After he took her
panties down and spanked her, he bent her over the end of the bed and
used the whip.  When he finally took her, her orgasm was very intense.
Her bottom was sore for the rest of the day and every time she sat
down she thought of the sting of the whip on her bare cheeks and how
John felt insider her afterward.
 
They had talked about the school girl fantasy for a couple of weeks
before they finally acted it out.  The idea of being spanked soundly
and then taken by a handsome headmaster was a great turn on for Lisa.
She wanted everything to be as close to the fantasy as possible.
Lisa went shopping for the plaid jumper, knee sox and saddle shoes
and was slightly embarassed when she found herself getting wet trying
on the jumper at the store.  She had wanted to go shopping at one of the
local sex toy stores for a punishment cane, but John convinced her to
try the rod first, since it would not hurt quite as much and would
not leave as big a welt.  When she was waiting outside of John's
office, she worried briefly that enacting the fantasy would be a
disappointment.  But everthing had gone just as she imagined.  John
acted out the role of the stern headmaster wonderfully.  The spanking
had been the hardest she had received so far; the rod hurt even more
than the riding crop.  But by the time she had received the last
stroke of the rod, she was so turned on that all she could think about
was how much she wanted him inside her.  Lying in his arms afterward
she told John that they would have to go shopping for a proper school
punishment cane.  Lisa was sure that this would not be the last
time that she would be sent to the headmasters office.  As an
incouragible repeat offender, she would have to be spanked even more
soundly.  This would surely mean the cane across her bare bottom.

