Archive-name: School/scholdaz.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: School Daze


	I was a new freshman at college and of course I was a little 
nervous and shy.  I lived in a dorm where there were a lot of other
students.  A few weeks of school had gone by and I had met many new
people, including many new girls.  I had an eye on a few of them but I
didn't know if any would be interested in me.  There was this one girl 
named Jennifer who I really wanted to get to know better.  We 
seemed to be good friends.  She was in one of my classes so we often 
did homework together.  But I didn't know if she was just being 
friendly or if she too wanted to get to know me better.
	It was a Wednesday afternoon and Jennifer and I had just 
finished doing our homework.  She said that she had a class that 
night and that she was going to go to dinner and afterward get ready 
for class.  I wasn't very hungry so I told her to go ahead without me.  
We usually went to dinner together, along with a few other friends, 
but tonight I didn't feel like going.  I was up late enough the night 
before working on a paper that was due today and I was very tired 
and was probably going to take a nap.
	A couple of my other friends came by my room.  They 
weren't going to dinner either and they suggested that we watch a 
movie.  I had a VCR and TV in my room and because of this people 
would often come over to watch movies.  I told them that it was 
alright.  They left and came back a few minutes later with a porno.  I 
myself was a bit of a horny guy and didn't mind this too much.  
They inserted the movie into the VCR and we started to play it.  The 
first scene was great.  The camera opened up on a wet, shaven pussy.  
The camera drew back and showed a gorgeous girl with just the 
perfect sized tits lying on a king sized bed.  They weren't too small 
or too big, just right.  Then they showed a head going straight 
toward the pussy.  The ced licking the other's hole.  She stuck 
her tongue in and out of her mouth, just touching the lips of the wet 
pussy.  Her tongue moved like that of a snake's.  She then took her 
fingers and spread the pink lips to reveal a big, hard clit.  She 
wiggled her tongue around the clit and the other women gave a big 
moan.  Her orgasmic juices started flowing even more and it dripped 
onto the sheets of the bed.  I couldn't believe how much love juice 
there was.
	The woman whispered, "Ohhh, lick me baby... lick my slit you 
whore... ohhh, keep licking."  The other woman kept licking.  The 
first woman then yelled out, "Oh God, I'm going to come... Oh, oh, 
oh, I'm going to come."  The second women kept licking her clit and 
licked up her orgasmic juices around her cunt.  Boy, I still couldn't 
believe how juicy her pussy was.  "I'm coming, I'm coming," she 
screamed.  She screamed it so loud that it could be heard down the 
hall, so we turne
TV.  The TV was hooked 
up to my stereo, which had really big speakers, and it made it feel 
like the two women were right in the room.
	"Oh, no your not," the second women said.  "I'm going to 
make you suffer."  She stopped licking her pussy lips and clit.  She 
just lifted up her head and stared into the other women's eyes.
	"No, stop," the women on the bed yelled it.  "Don't make me 
suffer.  Keep licking me, please.  Let me come.  I want my 
throbbing cunt around your tongue."
	"What are you going to do about it, Stacy?"
	"Chris," yelled the women on the bed.  "Come over here and 
fuck Michelle up the ass."
	"No, don't do that.  It hurts too much.  Chris is too thick."
	"Well then get back to licking me."
	"No," Jane said as she kept her stare into the other woman's 
eyes.  But before she knew it, Chris was up her ass.  She stopped 
and started kissing the woman on the lips of her face instead 
of the lips of her pussy.  But Chris kept moving forward and left his 
thick, hard cock in her tight asshole.  He kept pushing and she kept 
kissing.  He pulled his cock out of her ass, and he put it into Stacy's 
love hole.  By this time Stacy was ready for some 
the side of the bed and kept kissing Jane while 
fondling her breasts.  Chris moved his cock in and out of Stacy's 
cunt with the speed of a jack rabbit and dumped his
 load all over her tits.  Michelle 
moved away from Stacy's lips and moved toward her tits so that she 
could lick up every drop of come.
	I must have fallen asleep because the next thing I knew I heard 
a knock at the door and there was nobody else in the room.  The TV 
was still on.  Some girl was sucking some guy's cock.  I turned the 
TV off and opened the door.
	"Hi Jennifer," I said.
	"Hi Peter," she answered.
	"Don't you have class soon?" I asked.
	"Yea".
She came into the 
room, and we sat down.  "How was dinner?" I asked.  It was a kind 
of stupid question, but it was something that would keep the 
conversation going.
	"Oh, it was fine.  You know, not home cooking, but alright.  I 
didn't eat too much.  Hey, what movie were you playing."
	I was wondering how she knew I was watching a movie, but 
then I looked and noticed that the tape light on the VCR was on.  "Oh 
nothing much,"  I didn't want her to know that I was watching a 
porno.  "A couple of guys were in here watching a movie while I 
was sleeping."
	"Oh," she replied.
	There was a pause in our conversation for a few seconds, and 
then the earth stated to shake slightly.  "Earthquake," I yelled out in 
a light voice.  But then it stopped seconds later.
	"Wow," Jennifer said, "I haven't felt an earthquake for a 
while."  Just as she finished her sentence, an aftershock hit.  But this 
time the jolt was stronger.
	"Here we go again," I said.  I quickly looked for something to 
get under.  The earthquake was still going and I looked across the 
room at my desk.  "Come on, let's get under the desk."  I grabbed 
Jennifer's hand and we quickly moved under the desk.  We sat facing 
each, with our knees up to our chest, and our hands covering our 
heads, the standard earthquake crouch that we are supposed to have 
learned instinctively in grammar school.  Then, a few seconds later, 
the lights went out.  The shades on the window were closed and it 
made it very dark.
	"I wonder if these means that class is canceled," Jennifer said.
	"Well, if the lights don't turn back on soon, then I wouldn't 
bother going," I replied.  By this time, the earth had stopped 
shaking, however, we both stayed under the desk.
	I then felt something touching my crotch.  I looked down to 
see that it was Jennifer's toes.  I wasn't sure if she had extended her 
foot by accident or not, but I looked up toward her face and could 
see that she had a pleasantly seductively expression.  Not being sure 
what I should do, I reached out and grabbed her knee, rubbing it 
slightly.  She then extended her hand toward mine and directed it 
toward her chest.  I fondled her breasts through her shirt.  Since it 
was still hot outside, people only wore minimal clothing.  I could 
feel that Jennifer was not wearing a bra, so I slid my hand up under 
her shirt to get a good feel of her breasts.  They weren't too big and 
they weren't too small; they were just right.  I took my finger and 
started rubbing her nipple and it started getting very hard.  She then 
started to massage my crotch era with her foot.
	"Can I pull it out?" she asked.
	"Sure, go ahead," I said very softly.  By this time, we had 
slowly slid ourselves out from under the desk and out into the open.
	She unzipped my shorts and pulled down my underwear.  My 
cock just sprung out and she said, "Well, I guess that wasn't a gun in 
your pocket."
	She then started stroking up and down, and I started 
 rubbing her nipples.  I put my 
hands behind my head and just let her do what she wanted.  She then 
moved herself in front of me and stared at my cock.
"It looks nice," she said as she kept stroking it up and down.  "Do you want 
me to suck it?"
	"If you'd like," I said very anxiously.  She put her mouth over 
my shaft and started sucking away.  Boy did it feel good.  She took 
her tongue and circled my cock in her mouth.
	My come about ready to start flowing, but she must have 
known this because she said, "Oh no you don't.  Not now.  I'm not 
ready for you yet."  She then crawled toward my face and started 
kissing me on the lips.  She took her tongue and stuck it deep in my 
mouth.  I thought it was kind of gross because her mouth was just all 
over my cock with my precum juice in her mouth, but it was 
Jennifer and I didn't mind it too much.
	She then rolled over on her back with me on top of her and 
grabbed my ass.  She started fondling it very nicely.  Boy could she 
fondle.  She then moved my body to the side of hers and grabbed my 
hand.  "Do what you'd like to with it," she said.  Well, with a request 
like that, I put my hand under her mini-skirt.  She spread her legs 
wide and let my hand in.  To my surprise, she seemed to know what I
was thinking because she opened her eyes wide and gave a seductive 
twitch of the eyebrows.  I felt her pussy and it was shaven, and quite 
damp by this point.  My finger slid into her hole very easily.  Her 
orgasmic juices were flowing very heavily.  I could feel it dripping 
out of her cunt, down toward her asshole, and onto the floor.  She 
sure was wet.  I kept sticking my finger deep into her love hole and 
back out to her lips, rubbing the outer parts.  Then back in, and out.  
My palm pressed against her clit and her legs were squirming.
	"Oh my God, it feels so good.  Oh, don't stop.  It feels so 
good."  She kept moaning, so
rted kissing it and 
licking my fingers.  I started kissing her nipples, biting them and 
lifting them up and letting them snap back down toward her soft 
breasts.  After a few minutes, when she was ready for another 
orgasm, I brought my head down to her cunt so that I could fuck her 
with my tongue.  She was relaxed again so I could give her pussy a 
good tongue bath for at least a few of minutes.  She was still very 
wet.  Her pussy was wetter t
er seen.  Her or-
gasmic juices flowed all over my tongue.  I couldn't believe that a 
girl could get that wet.  I licked all of her fluids up.  To my surprise, 
she actually tasted pretty good, and she didn't smell bad at all.  I 
stuck my tongue deep into her love hole while spreading her cunt 
lips with my fingers.  I licked her pink, hot, wet, cunt lips, and 
moved to her hard clit, and it was quite hard.  I wiggled it with my 
tongue and she gave out a big moan.  I kept alternating from sticking 
my tongue in her hole to licking her clit.
	"I'm going to come," she moaned.  I kept my tongue in her 
love hole and I could feel the tension of her c
 pussy 
contracted around my tongue and she kept dripping her orgasmic 
juices all over my tongue and down her cunt onto the floor.  I pulled 
my mouth away from her pussy and because it was shaven I didn't 
have any pubic hair to spit out.  I moved back up to her face and 
started kissing her again.
	"I want you inside of me," she said.
	"O.K.," I said.  "But I don't have any condoms."
	"Don't worry, I have some."  I took off my shorts and 
underwear.  I could feel that my cock was very hard.  Before I knew 
it she had reached into her pocket, took the condom out of the 
package, and put it on my rock hard cock.  I was amazed that she 
could do it with me on top of her.  I then proceeded to direct my 
cock toward her love hole and I slowly stuck it in.  Because she was 
so wet, it slid in very easily.  I pulled it out, then stuck it back in.  
Out and in.  And it felt great.  She then wrapped her legs around me 
and brought me closer.
	"Go deeper," she said.  So I stuck my cock in all the way.  She 
wasn't loose.  Her pussy surrounded my cock very tightly.  I just 
made little in and out movements making sure that my cock didn't go 
out too far.
	"Oh, I'm going to come soon," she whispered.
	"So am I," I said.  I finally spewed my load inside her with a 
great feeling of relief.  Then I heard her moan and I could feel her 
throbbing cunt around my softening penis.  I pulled my cock out and 
took off the condom.
	We both lay on the floor for a while.  Jennifer kept stroking 
my leg and my cock started getting harder again.  "Would you like 
to see me play with myself?" she asked.
	"Sure," I replied.  She then lay down on the floor and brought 
her hand toward her cunt.  She stuck a finger in her hole and gently 
moved it around.  She took her other hand and fondled her breasts.  
The finger in her hole kept going in and out and I could see that she 
was getting aroused.  I too was starting to get aroused because my 
limp friend started becoming hard again.  She noticed this too, so she 
started rubbing my cock, then she said, "I didn't eat enough at 
dinner.  I want to eat your come."
	I then obliged and sat down on her soft breasts.  She then 
pulled my cock toward her mouth and started sucking away.  She 
sure did a great job.  I stopped her and I rolled on my back.  She 
then got in front of my cock and started sucking again.  She brought 
her hand toward her pussy.  I thought that she was just going to play 
with her love hole by herself, but I would soon find out that she was 
just lubricating her finger with her orgasmic juices for a surprise.  
She fondled my balls with one hand and she fondled my asshole with 
the hand that was up her cunt.  I never had a girl do that to my 
asshole before and it felt kind of good.  She then gave me a surprise 
and stuck her finger up my hole.  Boy did that surprise me.  I 
squirmed around a bit, but I let her play penis with her finger in my 
asshole.
	She knew that I was about to come because she stopped sucking 
and said, "Let me eat all of it.  I want to swallow all of your come."  
She put her mouth back over my long, hard, rod, and started sucking 
again.  She kept her finger up my ass and kept sliding it in and out.  I 
then started to come.  I could see her mouth getting full.  I could feel 
a lot of my come spewing out of my cock,  considering it was the 
second time for me in about a half hour period.  But she kept her 
mouth over my geyser.  My fluids kept coming and her mouth kept 
getting fuller.  I could then see that she was swallowing my come.  
Her mouth stayed on my c
she kept swallowing.  She then 
took her finger out of my asshole, and slowly pulled her mouth up, 
off of my limping cock, but she kept her lips tightly wrapped around 
my shaft.  She then took her tongue and licked the shaft dry.  "Umm, 
that was better than dinner."
	At that instant, the lights came back on again.  Perfect timing, 
I thought to myself.  I put my underwear and shorts back on and we 
moved to the couch.  Jennifer pressed play on the VCR and 
continued the movie where I had turned it off.  The women was still 
giving the man a blowjob.  He then came in her mouth.  His c

must have fallen asleep because when I opened my eyes, Jennifer was 
gone.  The TV was still on.  The scene this time was of a women 
with a cock in both her cunt and asshole.  She was on top of one man 
who had his cock in her cunt and the other man was behind her with 
his cock in her asshole.  She was also giving a blowjob to a third 
man.  The man came in her mouth and his come was dripping down 
her chin onto the other man.  I then found that my shorts were a bit 
damp in the front and I realized that I too came.  Then I realized that 
ever
 then I heard a knock at the 
door.
	I opened it up and Jennifer was standing there.  "Hi Peter," she 
said.  "I just came back from class and I sure do need to relax."  She 
then walked over to the couch and sat down.  I followed her and sat 
next to her.  "Well, did you like the hand job I gave you?  I see 
that you're still wet from it."
	"What do you mean?" I asked with a puzzled expression on my 
face.
	"Well, after you fell asleep I started rubbing you through your 
shorts and you came sooner than I had expected.  I didn't want to 
wake you up, so I left you with wet shorts."  It was then that I 
realized that the evening wasn't a dream.  It really happened and I 
sure was glad that it did.
	"Oh," I said.  Then she leaned over and kissed me and brought 
her hand down my shorts.  She started stroking her hand up and 
down my hardening shaft.
	She then whispered in my ear, "Would you like me to suck 
you again?"
	"Sure," I said.  I lay down on the couch, she unzipped my 
shorts, and she started licking my cock.  My precum juices started 
flowing and she licked it all up.  I looked into her eyes and she gave 
me a very erotic rise of the eyebrows.  I then put my head down on 
the couch and let her do the rest.  I guess this freshman year at 
college won't be so bad after all.

--
