Copyright © 1997  Studs Manly.  ALL Rights Reserved.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.	





Southern Comfort
by:  Studs Manly

	Down South we love to fuck.  And we aren't particular about whether
we're fuckin' a relative or not.  If both the man and the gal want to
grub with each other, let 'em at it.  Me, if it's a woman, I'll plug her.
I don't care if she's black or white, rich or poor, pretty or ugly as
sin, a stranger or one of my sisters, my pecker don't care.  I guess I
wouldn't plug a squack that had some godawful disease, though.  And I
ain't never plugged no Yankee poon, neither.  Don't know that I'd want
to.
	I live in a real little place a long way from the city.  Not much to
do hear when it's hot and rainy except fuck.  Like the other day I was
just settin' on the porch when my older sister, Mae, come runnin' down
the road.  It was rainin' like hell and when she got on the porch her
dress was soaked.  She took it off and hung it inside near the stove and
poured herself some coffee.  She came outside with a mug and she was
dryin' her hair with a towel.  Her brown nips looked mighty tasty.
	"Son-of-a-bitch husband of mine took off and left me horny this
mornin'," she said, rubbin' her itchy squack.
	"Watch want me to do about?  Shoot his ass?"
	"Hell, no!  I want you to dick me!"
	Hell, Mae has always wanted a dick in her.  Cal always gets away when
he can 'cause Mae is always wantin' some dick.  When he wants to get away
for a spell, he knows she'll come get dick from me or from Daddy or from
any man with half a hard-on.  He just don't give a shit.
	"Mae, why do you need so much dick?  If you was whorin' down to the
city, you could get all the dick you want and make money too!"
	"I ain't no damn whore!" Mae yelled at me.  Now, are you gonna plug me
or do I gotta cross the creek?"  Across the creek is where the Coloreds
live and Mae truly loves takin' a big black dick and the biggest one
there belongs to a young buck named Joe Henry.  Damn dick is as long as
my forearm and thick as a beer bottle.  Ain't no squack can take all that
dick, not even Mae, and I figure she's got the biggest squack in these
parts.
	"Alright, I'll dick your squack," I said.  I stood up and pulled out
my pecker.  Mae grinned and stood up, turned around and grabbed the porch
rail.  She likes it that way 'cause she can watch the road and see who's
comin'.  She wouldn't stop, of course, she'd just invite whoever it was
to join in.
	Mae is a damn fine fuck, let me tell you.  I might sometimes bitch to
her about it, but my pecker always gets hard for her squack,  When a man
plugs Mae, her squack has a muscle or somethin' that tugs at the dickhead
and feels damn fine.
	I stuck her real good while she held on tight and hollered loud enough
so that anybody inside of a mile coulda heard her.
	"Hot damn, Buddy, use that dick harder!  Fuck, you fuck good!  My
squack needs some pecker puddin'!  Gimme your stuff!"  Well, when you're
puttin' it to Mae, you better not count on lastin' long.  That squack of
hers sucks a man's seed like somebody would suck the inside out of an
egg.
	"Here I go, Mae, it's squirtin'!  Yeah!  Hot damn!"  I slammed deep
and started shootin' my stuff and I heard somebody come up on the porch.
	"Well, hell's bells."  It was our Aunt Shelby, Daddy's sister.  She's
in her forties and, of course, she likes to fuck, too.  "I was hopin' to
get you to poke me this mornin', Buddy, but I guess Cal was too wore out
to give Mae her wake up fuck."  Aunt Shelby watched me pull out of Mae
and Mae's squack was leakin' like a sieve.  "Ooh, you sure left a big wad
o' stuff in your sister, Buddy.  Wish to hell you could have given it to
me."  Aunt Shelby took hold of my scummy pecker and started pulling on it
like she'd milk a one-teat cow.
	"Well, now, I just might could get it up again, Aunt Shelby," I said.
	"And what would I have to do to help? she asked, smilin' 'cause she
already knew.  I backed up and sat in the chair, my dick still in my
aunt's hand.  "Lick it, Aunt Shelby!  Eat my pecker!"
	"Why, Buddy!  What would the ladies in the quiltin' circle say if they
hear you say that?"  She was grinnin' 'cause she knew I had plugged most
all the ladies in the quiltin' circle, 'cept for ol' Granny Wright.
	"Hell, they'd prob'ly want some, too," I answered.
	"Prob'ly," she said.  She looked at my dick.  It was still slam.
	"Don't worry, Shelby," Mae said as she went inside, "I finished my
period a couple of days ago.  He's just got squack juice and cum on it."
Well, my Aunt Shelby licked her lips and then licked at my dick.  Ah,
damn, but that felt good!  Aunt Shelby loves to suck dick almost as much
as she loves to fuck.  She licked my balls and told me that they tasted
better than my Daddy's balls.  'Course since Daddy's her brother, she was
suckin' and lickin' his dick since before even Mae was born.
	Aunt Shelby sucked my pecker real good till it was poker stiff and
ready to poke her.  But Aunt Shelby didn't like gettin' dicked standin'
up like Mae does.  She likes to be rode hard.  We went inside and Mae was
drinkin' coffee.  Aunt Shelby just laid down on the bed and spread her
legs wide.  "C'mon, Buddy, plug me with that pecker!"  Mae came to the
bed and sat down.  She was friggin' off while she watched us get ready to
fuck.  I swear, that sister of mine just can't get enough!
	"Do her good, Buddy.  Shelby wants to get off on your dick."  Aunt
Shelby saw all the stuff I'd squirted in Mae oozin' out and she reached
between my sister's legs and stuck a couple of fingers inside Mae and
pulled 'em out.  They were drippin' with my stuff and Aunt Shelby stuck
'em in her mouth and made like she was lickin' chicken or somethin'.
	"Hmm, your spoot sure tastes good, Buddy.  Now, ride me hard!"  Aunt
Shelby has a tighter squack than  Mae, mainly 'cause she don't  fuck
every dick in the valley and she never tried ol' Joe Henry's log.  Aunt
Shelby has a tight, hot squack that hugs my dick real fine.  And wet?
God almighty damn, she has the wettest hole around.  She leaves puddles
everywhere.  And when ya' fuck her, she splashes and stuff just runs down
every which way, soakin' a man's balls like a flood.
	Mae rolled over and kneeled so that her squack was over Aunt Shelby's
face.  She groaned and strained and my seed started dripping from her
hole and Aunt Shelby caught it on her tongue.  Seein' that just bumped me
over the edge.  'Specially when Mae squatted all the way down and rubbed
off on Aunt Shelby's tongue.
	"I'm 'splodin'!" I hollered and shot my stuff into my aunt's  squack.
Mae grabbed hold of my shoulder to keep from fallin' and she was
squealin' like a pig while she got off good.  I even sucked on one of her
nipples that was pointin' right at my face.
	That was just an idea of what a rainy day starts out like here when
it's too wet to do any work in the field.  Shit, when there's more gals
than men around like around here, if he ain't plowin' and plantin' in the
fields, he's plowin' and plantin' in the squack here.
	Later on that same day, Missy Johnson, one of the Coloreds from the
other side of the creek, came in to clean the house and bring the wash.
Missy's just 20 or there abouts, but she dearly loves white pecker.  She
loves to suck but she also loves to take white dick in the ass.  She says
her husband and most black men are either too big  or too rough.
	"It don't feel good to be cornholed by no tree trunk," Missy said.
"But you fuck my butt real nice, Mr. Buddy."  Aunt Shelby likes to watch
me plug Missy's brown bunghole and she that afternoon she tried to talk
Missy into eating her pussy, but Missy refused.  "No'm, I don't eat
pussy, now how, now way!"  We even told her we'd give her five dollars
and when I showed her the money her eyes lit up, but she still said no.
	"Why, my Sam would whoop me good and prob'ly walk out on me if he
found out I ever did that."
	I jammed my dick deep in her butt and said, "Missy, Sam don't know I
plug your ass.  How would he know if you ate pussy?"
	"He'd know.  Besides, a woman pees from there."
	"Missy, I've watched you suck Buddy's dick, even after he takes a pee.
You suck his asshole, too.  Why not try some poon?"  Aunt Shelby was
friggin' her squack like crazy.  But Missy just shook her head no as her
ass milked my balls real good and I pumped a big load of stuff into her
fine black ass.  Next time maybe we'll offer her ten dollars to eat
pussy.  I bet she'd do it for ten dollars.
	My Aunt Bess goes to the city a lot and she brings back books and
stuff.  I finished 9th grade so I can read and write okay and I read your
books out loud after supper.  Everybody wanted me to write a letter about
our family, so here it is.  I hope you can fix it up and print it.  I've
got lots more stories I can tell, so maybe I will.

--

Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
