SCOTT
by Jamie
(c) 1988

----------
  A fantasy of my mind...... dedicated to one hot little fox.... FIREFOX!
----------

     Me?  Well, I'm Scott.  I just graduated from High School, last June
     and I'm just starting out as a freshman at U. Mass. at Amherst.

     In High School, I was on the gymnastics and swim teams and worked
     real hard to keep my body in top shape.  There's just something
     about having a tight, hard and well defined body that turns me on.
     Conceited, you ask?  No.  Though I'm not at all shy about showing
     off what I think I've got..... and I think it's HOT!  I look at that
     as sharing.  I'm now 18 years old; 5' 10" tall; long, dirty blonde,
     curly hair; deep silver/blue eyes that can pierce you at my will;
     and my best feature.......... tight, tiny buns with those little
     dimples that show up every time I tighten my butt!

     Conceited?  No.  Proud? You bet your hot, tight ass!

     I was brought up in a very open family.  Seeing my brothers naked
     around the house and the yard and pool was no rare occurrence.  I
     too, very seldom wore anything when it was warm enough to do without.
     Clothes just seem to get in the way of that free feeling of life
     and fitness.  I guess that's why I usually only put something on when
     I have to, and then it's usually as little (and as revealing) as
     is absolutely necessary.

     In High School, I used to love to watch the wrestling matches, and
     the wrestlers.  Yeh, I'm gay and pretty open about it.  I love to
     fantasize about being with a hot, sweaty wrestling stud, right after
     the match of his life.  The captain of our High School wrestling
     team was the man of my dreams..... without a doubt!  His name is
     Paul and he's one hell of my idea of the perfect man-boy!  Many
     a night I'd lay awake in my bed, naked and my cock hard as a rock,
     dreaming about being with Paul.

     Paul is about 5'8" tall; long dark brown, straight hair; deep, dark
     brown eyes that just cry for cuddling; a smooth, muscled body
     (no hair except where it counts!) and a pouty smile that made me
     ache for the chance to kiss him for hours.  It was just a bit
     embarrassing, because when I'd watch Paul wrestle, I'd get the
     hardon of my life and just couldn't seem to control it, no matter
     what I tried to think about.  I just couldn't get my mind off of
     the thoughts of wanting to be with him..... to hold him in my
     arms and to work my fingers and my tongue over every inch of
     his hot, rippling body.  I could only wish, though.  Paul was
     straight, or so I thought, and there was no way that I would
     ever be able to live out this fantasy except in my mind.

     Well, High School graduation came and went and so did Paul, and
     I figured that I'd never see him again.  We weren't really
     friends, even, in school though he knew who I was and I certainly
     knew who he was.  I had no idea what Paul would be doing after
     graduation and figured that all that I would have left would be
     my memories of watching his hot, tight, muscled body thrashing
     around with his opponent on the wrestling mat in the school
     gym.  BUT..... that, and many other things have had a way of
     changing.

     I had arrived two days early for check-in at the dorm..... and it
     had been pretty quite around campus.  I'd spent the day walking
     around, trying to get the feel for the grounds as well as the
     male portion of the freshman class.  The upper class men wouldn't
     be arriving for another two weeks, but what I'd seen of the
     freshman class was just pleasing enough for me..... especially
     the P.E. majors!  This was going to be a very promising year!

     It seemed as though I'd been walking for hours, and in fact I had
     been.  I headed back to the dorm room, wondering if my roommate had
     arrived yet and wondering what he'd be like.  When I got there
     the other half of the room was still empty and I decided to shower
     and take a short nap before dinner.  While showering, I started
     to think about Paul, as I lathered up my body with soap and started
     to get a raging hardon.  I closed my eyes and began to dream about
     what it would be like to spend the rest of my life with Paul, being
     forever under his control........ I "awoke" suddenly from my little
     fantasy world when I heard the dorm room door slam shut and someone
     yelled "Hello!".  I finished rinsing off, then stepped out of the
     shower and dried myself off..... realizing at that moment that I'd
     left all of my clothes out in the room and had nothing but a tiny
     towel to cover myself with, as I ventured out to meet my new
     roomie.  Oh well, I thought, might as well get him used to me right
     away.  With that, I dropped the towel and went out into the room
     to meet my roomie.  I rounded the corner from the bathroom and
     my mouth fell wide open..... and I think that my cock became
     instantly hard......  My new roomie was Paul!

     He stared at me, standing there in the doorway, naked as the day
     that I was born and I stared right back..... not knowing whether to
     run and hide or to jump out into the room and grab him into my
     arms!  I finally came to my senses and walked over to my dresser
     and pulled on a tight pair of white, nylon shorts.... leaving
     very little (still) to his imagination.  Then a flopped down
     on my bed and said "Hi Paul..... you're my new roommate?"  He
     was still staring at me and I wasn't quite sure what that meant.
     I started to feel very uncomfortable.  He just kept staring with
     a sharp, scary look in his eyes.  I began to think that my High
     School idol was about to tear me apart.  I was sure that he knew that
     I was gay.... and it sure seemed like he was as mad as hell that
     he'd ended up in the same college and, worse yet, in the same
     dorm room with me.

     Finally, Paul broke the silence and said, "Hi Scott, I can't believe
     that we ended up as roommates!"  "Now get up off that bed and come
     over here and show me that you're happy that I'm here!"

     I still wasn't sure what was going on in Paul's mind, though I had
     no doubt what was going on in mine.  Though I was pretty scared
     about what Paul might do to me, at the moment, I had one of my
     now "famous" hardons, which I managed to get every time I saw him.
     Cautiously, I got up off the bed, forgetting that my cock was now
     at full mast AND in full view..... and I walked over to Paul and
     put out my hand to shake his.  Very much to my surprise, when I got
     to him, he reached out and took me in his arms and bear-hugged me
     within an inch of my life!  He planted a hot, wet kiss on my neck and
     worked my buns with his hands, as he held me close and whispered to
     me, "Now we can be together.  I know that you've wanted this for
     a long time.  Now we can be together."

     For a moment, I melted.  I almost fell, losing control of my body
     and having mixed feelings of ecstasy as well as feelings of
     relief.  I hugged him, tightly, and then pushed back..... pushing
     him out to arms distance....... looking him straight in the eyes
     and asking...... "You knew?"  "You always knew?"  Then I blushed
     and pushed totally out of his arms and sat down on my bed.
     He walked towards me, sat down next to me, pushed me back on the
     bed and pinned me...... just like I'd seen him do so many times
     before, in the High School gym.... then he stared into my eyes,
     smiled and said "Do you think that it was any secret, in school,
     who my biggest fan was?!?  "How do you think that that could have
     been kept from me?"  "For the whole senior year, I knew what was
     going on, and how you felt about me.... I could see it in your
     eyes.... when you were watching me on the mat.... and when you
     looked at me in the halls!"  "Scott, that's the kind of feeling
     that you can't ever hide, especially when the other guy feels the
     same way and just doesn't know what to do about it!"  He leaned
     over, still holding me in a wrestling pin, and kissed me on the
     lips.  It seemed like it lasted for hours, yet I was hoping that
     it would never end.  Paul, worked his hands through my hair and down
     over my shoulders..... massaging me and working my body as it had
     never been worked before...... he was taking control... I had
     become his opponent on the mat!  He had me pinned, BUT I didn't want
     to even try to escape.  My High School fantasy was coming true and
     I didn't want it to end..... not now..... not ever!

     Suddenly, Paul jumped up off of me and said, "Come on, get some
     clothes on and help me to unload my stuff from my car.  There
     will be plenty of time to get to know each other better, later
     tonight."  I was shaking, as I pulled on a faded and torn pair of
     501's and a cut-off tank top and followed Paul to the door and down
     to his car.  I think that he had enough stuff to last for years to
     come.... suitcases, trunks, boxes, furniture.... it's amazing that
     even half of it fit into his little car!  But, finally, we got
     everything upstairs and into the room.  Both of us were soaked with
     sweat, and exhausted, by the time that we'd finished moving
     everything into the room..... And that just made me crave for
     holding Paul in my arms and to give his hot, sweaty body the
     hottest tongue bath that I'm sure he'd ever gotten.....  Still
     a little unsure about where his thoughts were, I just kept my
     distance and watched as he began to organize his belongings.  I laid
     back on my bed and watched his every move....  he turned to me
     and said that it was hot in this room..... as he pulled his soaking
     nylon tank top up over his rippling stomach and his throbbing
     pecs.  His sweaty torso just seemed to ripple and sparkle as he
     pulled the thin materials up, over and off of his tight, hairless
     body.  Damn, there it was again.... the "Paul Memorial Hardon"!
     I followed his lead and pulled off my tank top and undid the top
     two buttons on my jeans.... if for no other reason than to allow
     room!

     It seemed like an hour had passed, and all I'd been doing was
     watching this hot muscle-stud move around the room... getting his
     "stuff" in order.... what a "neat-nik", I thought to myself!
     Suddenly.... Paul stopped what he was doing... and took off his
     sneakers, socks and then his jeans!  As he slowly undid the button
     at his waist I found myself breathless.  He was stripping, right
     before me, as if he'd been a male stripper for years!  Slowly,
     he unzipped the Calvins, then turned as if walking on air as he
     slowly lowered them over his slender, muscular hips then peeling
     them down over his tight sinewy legs.... then he sat down on the
     top of his dresser and threw his legs into the air, grabbed the
     bottoms of the legs of the jeans and pulled them off, in one
     smooth motion and tossed them onto my bed... right at my feet.
     Paul, then, jumped off of the dresser and into the middle of
     the room in a move that would make the best of gymnasts gasp,
     and posed, in nothing but a tiny jockstrap that was hard pressed to
     cover anything.... Paul was huge!  Without a hardon.... the pouch
     of the jock was stretched to it's limits, and then some!  He looked
     right at me... with and evil sort of look and smiled.....
     Then he turned and ran his fingers along the straps of the jock
     and around to the front..... then he slid one hand down inside the
     jock and held onto his cock....... while his hips gyrated..... THEN,
     he slowly slid the other hand under the waist band of the jock and
     began to slide it down over those bronze hips, over his legs
     and finally off.  There he stood, naked and beautiful.... dripping
     in his own sweat holding his jock in one hand, stroking his cock
     with the other.  He took the pouch of the jock into his mouth and
     and pulled on the leg straps with his hand and walked towards me.
     Then he dropped onto the bed, on top of me, and began to rub the
     jock all over my body!  It felt so good!  Then Paul tossed the jock
     over to his bed, pulled me up, and kissed my with those lips....
     pulling me close to him, holding me tightly and forcing his tongue
     deep down into my throat....  He kissed me all over....lingering
     at my ear lobes and around the nap of my neck.... then he worked
     his tongue down to my nipples, now hard from the excitement....
     it felt so good to be in his arms and, best of all, in his control!
     He sat up, and pushed me back on the bed and began to run his
     hands all over my body.... I'd never felt this good before!  The
     muscles in my stomach tight and rippling, under his touch....
     I was in heaven!  Then he unbuttoned the rest of the buttons on
     my 501's and pulled them off.....lingering with his fingers over
     every inch of my thighs and legs.... leaving nothing untouched...
     leaving nothing but the best tingling sensation throughout my entire
     body..... I felt great!

     Once again, Paul just jumped up (he's very impulsive)... without a
     word, he pulled me to my feet, beside the bed, put his strong,
     muscular arms around me, holding me tightly against his sweaty
     and muscled body.... working his hands over my tight, dimpled
     butt.... he kissed me... long and hard.... then pushed lightly
     back and whispered..... I want to shower with you.... I want to
     wash you.... to lather your entire body up and then you can
     do me..... OK?  He sounded so hot!  So sincere!  So sensitive!
     He took my hand in his and led me to the bathroom.... and into
     the shower.... pushing me to one side, he turned on the water and
     made sure that it was absolutely right...... then he turned to me...
     took me in his arms.... pulled me into the shower and began to
     work my body.... under the steaming hot water.... he began to
     cover me with soap suds....lathering me up, from head to toe....
     leaving no crevasse untouched..... no hole unexplored....  He was
     exploring every inch of my body..... with his strong, smooth
     hands.....  then he looked up at me and said... OK, now it's your
     turn.... I'm yours, to do with as you wish.... I want you to use
     me to make you happy.... I've wanted to do this for so long....
     and, finally we have the chance....  I want you to have what I know
     that you've wanted for so long.... I want to make you happy!

     I took the soap from Paul and I began to lather him up, starting
     at his strong, muscled neck and working my way down over every
     muscle of that body that I'd come to know so well.... only from
     a distance... until now...  I worked my soapy hands down over his
     strong back... down to those hot buns... then I got down on my knees
     and took his now hard and throbbing cock into my mouth and began
     to suck on the man that I'd loved for years.... I wanted him to
     know that I loved him.... that I cared and that I wanted to make
     him a part of me.... now and forever....

     I took my cock in my hand and began to stroke it, with the same
     rhythm that I was sucking on his.  I was getting hotter by the
     minute ..... and just as I was about to cum... and I know that he
     was too.... Paul took my shoulders in his hands and pulled me
     to my feet, looked into my eyes and said.... "Not yet...."
     He took my hand.... made sure that we'd both rinsed off all of the
     soap... then he took me out of the shower.... toweled me dry...
     and led me over to my bed.... he laid me down on the bed....
     got on top of me.... put his arms around me and kissed me....
     He slid his hand down over my thigh and found my cock... hard and
     ready.... and he began to stroke... while he continued to kiss
     me and explore my hot mouth with his snake-like tongue...
     I reached down and did the same with his 10" steel rod.......
     stroking each other, as if ourselves.... we were both throbbing
     with excitement... muscles pulsing and rippling with excitement
     and expectation.... then..... he let out a loud moan and said "I'm
     cumming..... I'm cumming and I want you to cum with me... I want
     us to do this together.... Well!  That's all that I needed to hear
     and my balls began to tighten, my cock... in his hand... began
     to throb and I screamed.... "I'm cumming, Paul.... I'm cumming,
     for you!"  We covered each other with man juice.... I came forever...
     longer and more than I'd ever cum before.... we were covered in
     cum....

     Paul, took me in his arms, hugged me tightly, smiled and kissed me.
     He said that he wanted to be with me forever.... he loved me...
     and I loved him.....  He moved off of me.... to my side, laid down
     holding me in his arms and we fell asleep....

     When I woke up, Paul was nowhere to be seen.... I laid there,
     listening... and not a sound....  then I heard a key in the door.
     The door opened and it was Paul.... dressed only in MY white, nylon
     shorts..... and he had a brown paper bag in his hand.....

     he opened the bag, as he walked over to the bed.... and pulled
     out a single, red rose.... handed it to me,,,, and said....
     "I want you to have this.... like I want you to have me.... I
     want you to love me, as I love you.....forever....."

     With that, he handed me the rose, stripped off the shorts and
     climbed back into bed..... hugged me tightly and I fell asleep,
     in his arms.....
