Archive-name: 3plus/screwirs.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Screwing the IRS


       "Greta, it's a crying shame the way these tax people try
    to screw us.  Look at this notice my husband and I received
    the other day. It's an audit, I think."

       The petite, pretty blonde housewife  was obviously  very
    angry as she handed the notice  to her lovely,  dark-haired
    neighbor. Greta read it slowly, then looked up.

       "I agree with you, Mary.  But what can you do about it?"

       "I'll tell you what I'm going to do.   I'm going down to
    that IRS Office and talk to this man whose name is  on  the
    notice.  Let's see, it's a Mr. Ralph Whitcomb.  Do you want
    to come along with me?"

       Greta smiled.  "I like you when you're angry," she said.
    "You're something else,  Mary.   Do I want to come?   Why I
    wouldn't miss it for the world."

       So that afternoon, Mary Mason, her  tax  papers  in  her
    hand,  and with her beautiful neighbor, Greta,  beside her,
    drove downtown  and walked into  the huge Federal Building.
    They looked at the building directory  and  found that  the
    IRS Office was on the third floor.   They took the elevator
    to the third floor, got off and walked into the IRS office.
    They walked up to the receptionist  and demanded to see Mr.
    Ralph Whitcomb, the IRS man whose name was on the tax form.

       "I'm sorry," the receptionist said, "but Mr. Whitcomb is
    busy right now.  Do you have an appointment?"

       "Why should I have to make an appointment?" Mary barked.
    "He's the one who wants to see me.  Let him make the time!"

       The confused receptionist  was about  to protest  Mary's
    behavior when a tall, handsome,  balding  man in  his  mid-
    forties walked in and said, "I'm Mr. Whitcomb.   What can I
    do for you ladies?"

       "This!" Mary exclaimed, and she showed him the papers.

       He smiled. "Please step in my office," he said.  Then he
    turned to the receptionist and said,  "Miss Lane,  I'll  be
    busy for a few minutes with these ladies.   Please hold  my
    calls."

       "Yes, sir," she said, giving Mary a dirty look.

       He showed them into his office and then closed the door.
    "Please be seated, ladies," he said.  "I'll just look these
    forms over."   He glanced at the top line and looked up and
    said, "I take it you are Mrs. Mason?"

       Mary nodded. "Yes, and this is my friend, Greta."

       He started looking over the papers again.  After reading
    them,  he looked up and said,  "Ah, yes.  It seems that you
    and your husband took a deduction that was not allowed. I'm
    sorry, but the law states..."

       As he was talking,  Mary stood up and walked around  the
    desk and leaned over his shoulders, looking at the  papers.
    Her exotic perfume made him feel light and excited.  As she
    bent over, he could see the cleavage of her  tits  and  the
    smooth roundness of her large boobs.

       "I don't care what the law states," Mary began. "We took
    deductions for entertaining people.   They were clients  of
    my husband's, and that makes it a legal deduction."

       "Yes ma'am, but did you really spend $5000 entertaining.
    That  seems like an extraordinary amount of money  to spend
    for entertaining clients," he replied.

       "Certainly, that's what we spent!"  Mary  said,  as  she
    leaned over him even more.   Now one tit was almost rubbing
    his face.

        He started to get flustered,  then he  looked  back  in
    front of him.   The other woman,  they said  her  name  was
    Greta, was still sitting on the chair,  but she had shifted
    position and her legs were spread apart  and her skirt  had
    slid up her legs.   As he looked at her legs,  he  suddenly
    noticed, "My God, she isn't wearing any panties!"

       A wild and reckless thought occurred to him. Here he was
    in his own office,  his boss  in  the  next room,  and  his
    receptionist on the  other side  of the door - and  he  was
    actually thinking how wild it would be to fuck one  or both
    of these lovely females!

       "But that's insane," he said the himself.  "I would have
    to be mad!   My job!   My future!   Everything would be  at
    stake!"   But her closeness, her perfume,  and the sight of
    the dark-haired woman's lovely beaver was beginning to make
    him want to throw caution to the winds. Once in every man's
    life,  there should be a time  when he is called upon to do
    something reckless and dangerous.

       He turned around and gently bit Mary on the tit  through
    her blouse.  There were a few moments of silence as he felt
    his blood pounding wildly in his head.    He wanted to take
    one, or maybe even both, of them right now.

       He grinned and looked at Mary, then said,  "Maybe you're
    right.   Maybe these are legal deductions.  I'll see what I
    can do."

       As he said this, he put his hand on her leg and slid  it
    up under the back of her skirt  and grabbed hold of  Mary's
    smooth, round buttocks.   His fingers  told  him  that  she
    wasn't wearing panties either. He massaged the naked globes
    of her rear for a moment, then stood up  and  lifted Mary's
    skirt up over her waist and set her on his desk. Greta also
    stood up and slowly began walking toward them.

       "Then the audit is off?"  Mary  said  huskily,  reaching
    down to unzip his pants and pulling  his cock  out  of  his
    shorts.   He was already hard, and he just nodded an answer
    to Mary's question.  He felt almost dizzy with passion. And
    yet, there was also the element  of risk.   It made him all
    the hotter.  What if someone walked in and....

       He  fondled  Mary's big knockers,  feeling  her  nipples
    harden under his fingers. Then he unbuttoned her blouse and
    started sucking on her erect, pink nipples.  They responded
    by standing out oven more.

       "Lord, but you've got nice tits, lady,"  he whispered in
    a voice shaking with anxiety and lust.  "You've got a  very
    nice pussy, too."

       Greta lifted her skirt  and sat down on the desk next to
    Mary.   As Mary spread her slim, tanned legs,  the  IRS man
    slowly pushed his pecker forward into her steaming hot love
    tunnel.   Mary moaned  as she felt him  penetrate her.   He
    rubbed his cock forward and back  just inside her entrance.
    Her cunt was warm and moist.

       He penetrated her easily and was amazed to find that any
    woman as small as Mary could take his big shaft so  effort-
    lessly.   Only at the very end of his thrust could he  feel
    the tip of his cock come up against the  soft rear wall  of
    her cunt.  He began to fuck her with long, measured strokes
    that nearly drove Mary back onto the desk.   Meanwhile,  he
    began to finger-fuck the hairy slot  of  the  lovely  Greta
    sitting next to Mary. Her pussy was hot and wet too.

       "Oh, give it to me," Mary whispered.  "Fuck my hot hole!
    Shove it in hard!  Ahhhhyyeeessss! Oh, you fuck so gooood!"

       He continued to pump in and out of Mary's sublime  pussy
    for a few minutes,  then just as he was ready to come,  the
    door burst open and in came his silver-haired boss. "Mister
    Whitcomb!" was all he could manage to gasp.

       But before he could protest,  Greta was off the desk and
    in the older man's arms.   At first he protested,  but  her
    actions overwhelmed him.  She was soon down on  her  knees,
    unzipping him, then reaching in and bringing his  limp tool
    to life with her fingers.   His  head  spun.   He  couldn't
    believe this was really happening,  but he let this  lovely
    woman suck his cock until he was ready  to shoot his  load.
    He looked down and saw her fingers rubbing her naked, hairy
    pussy as she sucked.   He started thrusting his cock harder
    into her mouth.

       If Ralph Whitcomb was shocked at first, it didn't hinder
    his ardor. He now had Mary down on the desk, on top of  all
    his papers, and was passionately fucking her,  pounding his
    hard cock into her clutching pussy while she  moaned  words
    of passionate encouragement.

       Mary sobbed her  pleasure  and  Ralph  groaned with  the
    ecstatic feeling he was experiencing.    He shot  his  love
    juices deep into her, pumping her  again and again  as  the
    papers on his desk flew in all directions.  She was moaning
    and her pussy was spasming in her own climax as it squeezed
    the last drops of cum out of his cock.   The hot juices  of
    his passion flowed out of her well-filled cunt and down the
    lovely tanned legs  of the beautiful blonde housewife  onto
    the audit papers on his desk.

       He could hear his boss groan as he  reached  his  climax
    and squirted into the lovely dark-haired woman's mouth.  It
    had to be a dream, he thought.  But he definitely knew that
    the half naked blonde beauty he was fucking was real.

       Suddenly, the door opened again and Miss Lane walked in.
    Her face appeared shocked, but she didn't say anything, she
    just stared.   She  couldn't take her eyes  away  from  the
    action in front of her.   Ralph knew that he was too deeply
    involved already.  There was only one way to make sure that
    his receptionist would never give away their secret.

       Ralph was charged up.   He had just had an explosive cum
    in the blonde housewife's cunt, but his cock was fully hard
    and erect again.  He couldn't believe he could get it up so
    fast, but he did.   He went over to Miss Lane,  kissed  her
    passionately,  with his tongue invading her mouth.   As  he
    felt her start to hug him tightly,  he led her  to his desk
    where he bent her over,  lifted her skirt  and lowered  her
    pantyhose.   There he was,  bent over  his  prim and proper
    secretary,  shoving his hot cock,  still wet  with  another
    woman's pussy juice,  past the soft white mounds of her ass
    and  into her tight little twat.   She moaned as  his  cock
    separated her cunt lips,  then began panting excitingly  as
    he started to pump in and out of her.  It was a wild after-
    noon, one that none of them would ever forget.

    * * * * *

       "So the audit's off," her husband was saying to her that
    evening. "How did you ever talk them into it?"

       "Well...."  Mary said, "I guess that I just presented it
    in a way that they could understand."

       "That's great!   We got away with it.  For once, it's us
    screwing the tax man instead of them screwing us!"

       Mary shrugged, then mused, "Ah, well...in a way.   Let's
    just say that the screwing was pretty equal."

       "What?"

       "Oh, nothing, honey."

       "You know, Mary, I'd probably have gotten so mad at that
    IRS guy that I'd have told him off and we'd have had to pay
    a big penalty. I think from now on, I'll let you handle all
    our negotiating."

       "That's a  good  idea.   I get a...a real bang out of...
    ah...negotiating...with other people.   It really makes  me
    feel ful...filled."

       Ignoring Mary's comment, her husband pointed back to the
    papers. "Look, Mary, these audit papers are a mess. What in
    the world are these funny stains?"

       "Oh, ah...ah...we must have spilled something  on  them.
    Juice, I think.  Yes, it was juice.  I remember  now,"  she
    said as a sly smile came to her face.

--
