Archive-name: Family/se_cruz1.txt
Archive-author: Scrivener Eidolon
Archive-title: Cruise, The - 1


This part 1 of another erotic story  by  Scrivener  Eidolon.  It contains
several perversions including sex  with   minors   but   all  in a highly
erotic context.  If  you  have   any   compunction  concerning  this type
of material better leave it and delete - otherwise, enjoy.

NB. U$A Readers - in  the  UK,   where   this story originates, 'arse' is
used for 'ass'.   I  think  this  is  a   much   better  word.  It sounds
coarser!  The American word  reminds  me  of  mules!   Pants, in English,
means underpants and not trousers!  Please  feel  free to do a search and
replace if you  feel  you  really  must.   There  will  be  several other
spelling differences but remember we spoke  and  wrote  the language long
before you were even invented!
                                                                SE

The Cruise - 1

Bob and Debbie Jones had hired the sleek white cruiser for a week to take
themselves and their young daughter and her  friend for a trip round some
of the Irish coastline.   The  boat  was  32ft  long  and fitted out most
luxuriously.  They could afford  it;  he  was  director of a multi-branch
video rental business and she worked as  a beauty consultant.  They had a
boat of their own moored in Newhaven marina on the South coast but by the
time they brought it over to  Ireland  it  would  have been be time to go
home again.

The boat was driven by twin  Volvo  diesels  and the adults took turns to
sit at the wheel and steer  it.   They  had  enough fuel on board to take
them 200 miles without refuelling  and  Debbie  had  seen  to it that the
galley cupboards were full of food.

Bob had been down the coast  before  on  a  fishing trip with some of his
business acquaintances.  They had  discovered several beautiful sheltered
bays which he vowed to come back to and explore when the company was less
raucous and he had time to  relax.   His  descriptions of the scenery and
tranquillity had enthused his wife.  He told her of the blue waters where
they could swim naked off the back of  the boat and had her hooked.  They
both loved this pastime and often went  far  out to sea in their own boat
just to swim naked and fuck in the water.

He looked at her now  as  she  steered  the  boat  at speed over the calm
sparkling  water.   The  brilliant  sunshine  gave  the  scene  an  added
vitality.  He glanced around the  horizon:  not  another craft to be seen
anywhere.  The white frothy wake  curved  as hidden currents distorted it
from the straight line the boat was travelling.

His wife was beautiful and desirable as  she stood at the wheel, her face
radiant with the exhilaration  of  navigating  the powerful machine.  She
was slim, tall and blonde.   Her  hair  was  cropped short, her long bare
neck attracted him and he remembered how she loved him to nuzzle round it
and kiss her warmly under the  lobes  of  her  ears.  She was wearing the
most minute bikini two piece bathing  costume.  Her large pointed breasts
stood out firmly from her chest  thrusting  into the thin material of the
skimpy green and yellow top.  Her back  was bare except for the thin line
of cord holding the bra top  together.   His eyes travelled down past the
narrow waist to her backside.  From the  angle where he was seated in the
open cockpit at the back of the  boat, her buns appeared virtually naked.
He could just make out the start  of  the thin band dropping between them
marking the line of  the  matching  briefs.   She had wonderful buttocks,
straight, firm and narrow.  They  looked  almost  boyish,  not those of a
mother of two.  Come to think of  it,  no-one would guess she was thirty.
Her whole appearance was one of youthful vitality.

He continued his  pastime  of  admiring  her.   He  focused  on her legs.
Wonderful smooth thighs, so straight  and  brown.   He looked back to her
buttocks and felt his cock  stir.   Sometimes  when  she was in a highly-
sexed mood he could come up behind  her, push her shoulders down and fuck
her arse!  She loved it when he slipped  his large knob in slowly and she
could feel it stretching her.  She  liked  to feel her sphincter contract
round the rim of his helmet and grip him.  His knob became trapped by the
muscles of her tight arse and swelled even  more.  He liked to do it when
she was standing at the wash  basin  leaning  over to wash her face.  She
then walked around contracting her bum  and  pulling him after her by his
glans...  His cock was now swelling dangerously..

The problem with holidays like this was the kids.  Their presence cramped
their style especially when one of them wasn't their own.  Just when they
both felt so relaxed and horny, the close proximity of the children put a
damper on things.  Like last  night  when  they were fucking beautifully.
The boat must have been rolling  without  them noticing.  The door to the
girls' cabin opened and a sleepy  face  looked  in as Emma, their own 11y
old, wanted to know why the boat  was  rocking and waking her up.  Debbie
had managed to extract herself and stand  between him and his daughter so
she saw only her and not his large  erection wet with her juices.  It was
alright for women, others could look  at  them  and not know how sexually
turned on they were but, in the case of men...

They had always been as open as  possible with Emma right from the start.
She was used to seeing her father and mother in the nude as they showered
and bathed.  Debbie had once even suggested  they should let her see them
making love.  It would be  a  wonderful  way  of initiating her into sex.
Educate her in a family  environment  instead  of  letting her learn in a
dirty way from her peers or  from  pornography.   He  was not so sure; it
would be him that would  have  to  display  his  sexuality, not her.  She
always looked the same as she paraded  round  the house naked in front of
her daughter.  HE knew the  signs  of  her sexual arousal: the thickening
nipples, thrusting mound, careless spread of  legs and exposed slit.  She
shaved her sex and her mound.  It made  her look so young and carnal.  He
could not walk around naked when he was horny, it showed!

Emma took after her mother: beautiful  and  blonde.  In the two days they
had been in the boat their hair had been bleached almost white.  They had
not needed to take too much care  in  the sun as they had been sunbathing
in the garden at home and  were  now  really brown, all over.  The garden
was secluded and screened from the  neighbours  by a thick cypress hedge.
The whole family sunbathed nude.

Her friend, Jessica, was the same  age  but  her hair was jet black.  She
usually tied it back in  a  long  pony  tail  which  intrigued him as she
tossed her head from side to  side.   When  Emma first asked if she could
accompany them, he was  not  keen  on  the  idea.   They  hoped to find a
secluded cove and bathe  naked  in  the  sea,  a  recreation which always
seemed to turn Debbie on as  the  water  whooshed about between her legs.
He had pointed the nude bit out  to  Jess's parents, who they didn't know
very well.  They had been  very  reassuring  about  it.  Jess was used to
sunbathing nude too and often saw her  father and brother with no clothes
on.

He remembered yesterday when they had stopped  for a short while well out
at sea.  Debbie had encouraged the girls  to  swim nude and they had come
up the cabin steps giggling and  naked  and  plunged  off the back of the
boat.  He had a brief moment to study  their bodies - both girls were the
same height, tall and slim.   They  were  starting  to bud and the lovely
little breast mounds were just beginning  to  show.  Neither had any hair
on their small thrusting mounds.  He  felt  his cock lurch.  He had never
thought of his daughter as a sexual being but now she was with her friend
she seemed totally different....

The two girls he was thinking about came up the stairs from the cabin and
stood in the door.  Both were  naked!   He admired their bodies.  Jessica
stood with an air of brazenness.  She held onto the handle in the doorway
and balanced herself with her  legs  apart.   She  stared at him, totally
self assured and proud of  her  body  and  budding breasts.  They were no
larger than half a walnut but the  pink areolae and tiny nipples betrayed
their potential.  Her sex lips seemed  separated  and he thought he could
almost see her cunt.  She saw him looking at her and deliberately widened
her stance even more.  He looked away quickly.

Emma stood by her  side  in  the  doorway  but  was  quite unaware of her
sexuality.  Her little mound  was  just  as  prominent  but  her slit was
closed and almost invisible.

"Are we nearly there?"   asked  Emma  in  a  moany voice.  "We're getting
bored playing in the cabin."

"You can come out on  the  back  if  you  put your life-jackets on," said
Debbie smiling down at them.

"But Mum, they're horrible to wear with nothing on or even with a bathing
costume."

"That's the rule," said Debbie sternly.

"But Mum, you aren't wearing one!"

"That's because your mother is a  strong  swimmer  and  I am here to look
after her," he joined  in.   "Either  you  stay  down  there, or put your
jackets on and come up."

"How much further is it, Daddy?" asked Emma.  "We want to go swimming."

Debbie turned to him and raised her eyebrows quizzically.

He stood up from the bench  and  crossed  to stand behind her.  He leaned
over her shoulder to study the  chart.  He deliberately pressed his semi-
stiff cock into the crease of her buttocks.  She wiggled back against him
and turned to kiss his ear lobe.

"About another 15 minutes,"  he  said  scanning  the  coastline.  The two
youngsters disappeared.

"You're hard!"  Debbie  grinned.   "What  have  you  been thinking about?
Playing with young Jess I bet!  I saw the way you were watching her!"

"I've been studying your bum and thinking  what it feels like when I push
my cock into your arsehole and you  grip  it with your muscles."  He said
truthfully, ignoring the remark about Jess.

"Oh, Bob, yes, I love it."  She  pressed  back on him and moved her tight
buns from side to side.  In an instant his cock was absolutely rigid.

It had been agreed between  them  that  he  would have to wear boxer-type
bathing trunks on the trip.  She knew  he would get extra horny when they
were away: he always  did.   She  had  brought  them  herself.  They were
multi-coloured.  His genitals were held  in  an  elastic pouch with small
perforations in it to let the water  out.  She knew he wouldn't like them
much and brought him  a  sexy  pair  of  briefs  at  the same time.  They
matched hers, cut high on the leg and so  low in front that a line of his
pubic hair showed above them.  They had  tried  them on one night and she
had trimmed his hair back with  scissors.   She then caressed him to huge
dimensions so much so that his cock  had burst from under the confines of
the narrow band and reared up  to  his  navel.  She laughed and said that
was why he could not wear them in company.  She stripped him and made him
try the others.  His erection could still be seen tenting up the material
of the boxer shorts but he  could  easily  hide  it by bending over.  She
decided to `christen' the trunks  and  tossed  him off into them rapidly!
He remembered her ripping them off and sucking his spunk from them as she
masturbated herself through the material  of  her own costume...  At such
times she was insatiable.  The band  between  her legs had been dark with
her juices....

"Now I'm thinking of you tossing me  off into these trunks when you first
gave them to me," he said and licked the nape of her neck.

"Ooo, yes.  I got turned on by them didn't I?"  She grinned.

"We must get your mother to have Emma and come back here by ourselves one
day," he suggested.  "We could fuck and fuck all the time."

"You wouldn't have the energy," she chided him.

"I'd like to fuck you like this with the boat speeding over the waves."

"Come on then..." she urged him on  eagerly.  "Fuck me now.  You'll be OK
afterwards and when it's gone  down  you'll  be  able to come in swimming
with us in the  noddy."   She  thrust  her  buttocks  into his crotch and
leaned over the wheel.  "Fuck me  now  you  horny bastard, FUCK ME!"  She
reached back and moved the narrow band  between her legs to one side.  He
needed no further bidding.   He  reached  up  the  leg  of his trunks and
manoeuvred his stiff cock out of the  leg opening.  He slipped it between
her legs and it  immediately  entered  her  slick  cunt.  She gasped.  He
began to pump.

"Come on, darling, shoot quickly  before  the  girls come up again.  I'll
cum later," she encouraged  him.   "That's  right  do  it HARD.  Oh, your
cock's so big, I love it.  Do lots of cum 'cause I feel like squeezing it
out and drinking it!  Then I'll toss myself off for you - you'd like that
wouldn't you.  You like watching  me  frig  myself.  I'm going to squeeze
all your spunk out of me and  drink  it  while  I show you how I can make
myself cum really fast.  Ooo  yes,  I'm  going  to  split myself wide and
really jack off as you watch.  You'll be  able to see right into my CUNT;
I know you like it when I do that.  It will make you all sexy again won't
it?"

As intended, her dirty talk served to inflame them both all the more.  He
thrust into her repeatedly and  was  soon  rewarded  by feeling a massive
orgasm building up.  He thought of the girls coming up again and watching
his show of virility.  It was too much: it became inevitable.  He grunted
as the first massive gout jetted from his knob.  She felt him go off...

"Yes, that's it... Fill me with  it...  Lovely spunk... More..."  He shot
it out in repeated squirts.  He  could  feel her cunt distending with his
cum.  She  pulled  herself  off...  "Hold  the  wheel,  Bob,"  she  cried
urgently.

She crossed to the other side of the cockpit, grabbed an empty glass from
the shelf that ran behind the wheel  across  the door to the cabins below
and then sat on the edge of the other swivel chair and looked between her
legs.  His eyes were already there!   She  pulled the front of her bikini
aside, split herself open and brought  the  glass  to her cunt hole which
glistened darkly between her lovely bare  lips.  She strained visibly.  A
thick string of his white cum oozed  out and descended slowly towards the
waiting glass.  It lengthened and  broke,  dropping  into  the glass in a
sticky mess.  More stuff dripped from her, a mixture of her mucus and his
cum.  Looking into his eyes, she raised  the glass to her lips and tipped
the viscous mess into her mouth!  She showed him it resting on her tongue
then put the glass down  and  inserted  two  fingers deep into her gaping
cunt!  He loved her; she was so wonderfully lewd.  She jacked herself off
at speed, her eyes  rolling  up  and  then  she  swallowed their combined
juices.  Her body jerked in spasms and  she  almost fell off the chair as
the boat rolled.  He  watched  as  she  relaxed  visibly  and then smiled
weakly at him...

"That's better," she said, slightly out  of breath.  "That should last me
until this afternoon!"  He knew what  she meant.  Her obscene performance
had rekindled his desire already.  He could fuck her again NOW!


The Cruise -2

They all swam about naked in  the  warm  water.   The two girls were like
water babies, jumping in  off  the  shelf  at  the  rear  of the boat and
disappearing right under the water.   They  had  both been swimming since
they were tots and the water held no fears for them.  Emma climbed up the
short ladder which trailed into the  water  over the stern.  She stood on
the shelf, feet astride, balancing herself as the boat rose and fell.  He
looked right up into her slit!   She  jumped  and  curled her legs into a
ball as she did so.  A fountain of  water erupted as she hit the sea next
to her friend.  Not to be outdone, Jessie climbed up the ladder and stood
higher up on the gunwale; one foot  on  the  transom and the other on the
side.  Her legs were spread widely.   He  could  see her little cunt hole
like a tiny cave in the pink  fissure  of her slit!  She posed arrogantly
above him as he held onto a loop  of  the thick safety fender rope on the
side.  Debbie joined him, cuddled  his  waist  and  pressed her hard tits
into his back.  He was in danger again!ÿ

"Come on," shouted Emma.  Jessie  leapt  upwards  from her high perch and
gripped her legs behind the knees.   She did a complete somersault before
landing in the water bottom first.

"That girl knows about sex," whispered Debbie  in his ear.  "I'm sure she
has shown off like that before.   Shall  I  try and find out later?"  She
licked his ear lobe.

"If she keeps doing it and you  keep  doing  that, I'll have to get out,"
he whispered in panic.

"The girls might like to see it stiff,"  she teased.  "It's such a lovely
big juicy one."  She licked his ear  again.   He broke free and swam away
from the boat at speed, his white  buttocks skimming above the waves.  By
the time he got back, Debbie  was  standing in the cockpit drying herself
with a large bath towel.  The girls  were  playing round the prow.  As he
climbed out, Debbie deliberately  rubbed  herself  hard between her legs.
Her large breasts jutted towards him wobbling  as she did so.  She made a
licking motion towards his hanging cock as it appeared above the gunwale.

Later that evening, the boat  lay  at  anchor  and it's shadow lengthened
over the water.  The sea was absolutely calm.  The girls also seemed very
quiet so Debbie went to  see  what  they  were  doing.  They occupied the
pointed forward cabin.  Two bunks on either side ran together at the foot
end, each equipped with a specially  shaped mattress.  The girls slept in
sleeping bags one on each bunk.

Debbie opened the closed door quietly  and peeped round.  Both girls were
still naked but were totally engrossed.   Jessie  was sitting on her bunk
with her back against the side.  She  had  placed her feet on the edge of
the mattress almost together and then  flopped  her knees as wide as they
would go.  She looked down at her  own  finger as it penetrated her cunt!
Emma was sitting on the edge  of  the  opposite bunk, leaning forward and
watching her friend intently.  Jessie  began  to masturbate the finger in
and out rapidly.  She looked up  to  see  Emma's reaction and saw Debbie!
She whipped her hand away  and  dropped  both  feet  over the edge of the
bunk.  Emma looked  round  startled.   Jessie's  face  turned  red as she
looked up at Debbie in dismay.

"Don't mind me," said Debbie  grinning  at  her in reassurance.  "Rubbing
yourself like that is one of  the  best  pleasures  you can get.  Are you
showing Emma how to do it or  do  you do it yourself already, Emma?"  She
looked enquiringly at her daughter.

"I..  I.." stammered Emma.

"I don't mind at all if you do it, darling," soothed her mother.

"I have done it a little bit, Mummy," she managed.

Debbie turned to  Jessie.   "How  long  have  you  been  doing it, Jess?"
Jessie didn't know what to say but  just stared at her.  "Jessie, I don't
mind in the least if you masturbate.  I  was going to show Emma how to do
it soon anyway.  I didn't find out  about it until I was nearly thirteen.
Think of what a lot of pleasure  I  missed.  You are nearly twelve so you
will have much more time to enjoy it than I ever had."  She eased herself
into the small cabin, closed the door  behind her and sat on Emma's bunk.
She was wearing her ultra brief bikini  two piece.  The top contained her
breasts only with difficulty as she bent forward to share her secrets.

"I still do it often," she  continued to her incredulous audience.  "When
you're grown up and your breasts  are  big  like  mine, you can play with
them too.  They feel all  tingly  just  like  your  pussies.  How did you
learn to do it?"  She looked over at Jessie on the opposite bunk.

"An older girl showed me when  the  Brownies  went to Guides' camp,"  she
replied quietly.

"Did she show you properly  and  make  herself  cum?"  Jessie didn't know
what the question meant and shook her head with a perplexed expression.

"I had a  special  friend  when  I  was  young,"  continued  Debbie  in a
confidential tone.  "One of us used to do  it and let the other one watch
but sometimes we felt each other as well.  Do you do that?"

"I wanted Emma to feel  me  last  night  but  she  was too shy," admitted
Jessie.

"Would you like me to show you  how  to  do it properly and give you some
lessons?" asked Debbie earnestly.

"Oh, yes please, Mrs. Jones," blurted out Jessie.  Emma turned to look at
her mother in awe.

"Jessie, please call me Debbie," Debbie  instructed.  "I don't want it to
be like a teacher and pupil.  If I  show  you how to diddle, it is like a
friend and mother helping you to  enjoy  yourselves.  If I do it, Jessie,
what would your parents say if they found out?"

"I won't tell them, Mrs...  I mean, Debbie," said Jessie in alarm.

"Do they know you do it?"

"Yes.  Mum caught me just before I came away."

"And what did she do?"

"She just said it was natural...   like  you,  but  I  was not to tell my
Dad!"

"What about MY Dad?" asked Emma, her eyes wide.

"We'll tell him all  about  it,"  said  Debbie,  and when they registered
consternation.. "He will be very proud  to have such a grown-up daughter.
He won't mind a bit.  I might even  get  him to show you how we make love
if you like."  The girls' faces  were pictures of disbelief and curiosity
mixed together.  "Emma saw us  last  night  anyway.   I have told her all
about intercourse  and  babies.  Jessie,  have  your  parents  told you?"
Jessie nodded.  "Have you ever seen them making love?"

"Yes," answered Jessie huskily, "I saw them do it in the garden once when
they thought I'd gone out... but I  was  a long way away and couldn't see
much."  She stared at Debbie and  suddenly  blurted, "Bob's got a big one
hasn't he, Debbie.  It was nearly stiff in the water this-afternoon."

"That was because you were deliberately  letting him see your slit," said
Debbie.  "Did you enjoy showing off to him?"

"Oh, Debbie, I'm sorry,"  cried  Jessie,  looking  at  her contritely and
colouring up again.

"Girls have been teasing men  since  the  world began,"  Debbie reassured
her.  "Don't think there is anything  different about that.  He loved it.
I'm sure he would like  to  see  some  more."   Emma looked at her mother
askance.  "All men are like  that  Em."   Debbie  put  a hand on her warm
thigh.  "I wouldn't like it  if  your  father  wasn't  sexy; that's why I
married him!  We all like to see and feel each others bodies.  It doesn't
matter if we are your parents, we  still enjoy watching you....  Now I'll
go and get our supper.  Think what you  would like to do.  If you want me
to show you how to do it to  yourselves,  you mustn't  mind if I get sexy
too.  Bob will know if I get  like  that  and  he'll want to know what is
happening, so I'll have to tell him.  If  you want, he might show you how
a man does it!  What do you girls call it when you do it to yourselves?"

"Wanking," said Emma.

"Tossing too," said Jessie.

Debbie rose and left.  Her cunt felt very  wet as her tiny bikini rode up
into her slit.

=======================

The two adults held a  conference  as  Debbie  prepared the dinner in the
galley.  She told Bob all that had  happened.   "I told you that girl was
sexy," she looked at him seriously.   "Now  what  do you think?  They are
going to do it anyway so how  about  me  helping them?  You could join in
later if you want.   How  about  seeing  Jessie masturbating;  you'd like
that I know!"

"It seems OK but what  about  Emma?"   Although  it sounded great, he was
wary of the idea.

"She's just as sexy.  She's been doing it too.  If we teach them both all
about it from a practical point of  view  then you could have me when you
want without doing  it  surreptitiously,   they  will  get  a  proper sex
education and we will be  able  to  fuck  when  we  like.  Think how much
better it would have been in our teens if we knew then what we know now!"
He pondered.  She felt his cock through  the boxer shorts:  it was rigid.
"Your cock knows the answer," she giggled.

"OK," he agreed, "You start it  off  and  we'll see how it goes."  Debbie
squeezed his cock.

"Dinner's ready," she called towards the front cabin.  Both girls emerged
wearing shorts and T-shirts.  They crossed to the table and sat down next
to each other on the bench seat which doubled as part of Debbie and Bob's
bed.  Debbie thought they had decided against her idea.

"I've told Bob about our conversation just now so he knows about it," she
said, setting some plates before  the  girls  with steaming food on them.
"What have you decided?"  She  regarded  them  quizzically.  Bob sat down
opposite them.

"We've had a discussion," said  Emma  in  a  grown-up way,  "And we would
like it very much if you  would  teach  us, Mummy."  She looked at Debbie
seriously.  "Jessie thinks  so  too."   Jessie  nodded  her agreement and
grinned widely.

Debbie relaxed and felt her  cunt  contract,   "In  that case, I think we
should all have some wine.   You  should  have  some  too  as you are now
mature girls and making important decisions by yourselves."  She gestured
to Bob who crossed to the fridge and brought out a bottle.  He pulled the
cork as Debbie supplied them all with glasses.

"To Emma and Jessie and may  they  have  a  wonderful sex life," said Bob
grinning at them widely.

"Emma and Jessie" echoed Debbie.  They all drank.

"And we'd like you to  show  us  how  you  do  it  too, Bob," said Jessie
seriously and added as an  afterthought,   "If you wouldn't mind."  Bob's
prick elongated down the leg of his boxer shorts as the girls fell on the
food without another thought.


The Cruise - 3

After dinner Bob offered to clear the  table  and wash up while the women
retired to the front  cabin.   The  young  girls  left  quickly before he
changed his mind!  Debbie rose and  followed  them, blowing him a kiss as
she went.

In the cabin, Debbie suggested that  the  girls  sit on one side and left
the other to her.  They made themselves  comfortable and looked at her in
anticipation.  She sat facing them and began..

"There are two things to remember about sex: one is to feel good yourself
and the other is to make  your  partner,  or partners, feel good too.  If
you are doing it by yourself then you can forget about the second bit but
if you are with another person, you must think of their pleasure as well.
The aim is to have orgasms and to  make them have orgasms too.  Now let's
start at the beginning, do you know  what I mean by orgasms?"  Both girls
shook their heads.

"An orgasm is a feeling of  absolute  pleasure when nothing else matters.
It what we all try to get.   When  a  man  has  an orgasm he cums and his
sperm spurts out.  A  woman  just  feels  very  good  and satisfied.  Now
Jessie, when you rub your pussy what do you feel?"

"It feels very nice and I like doing it."

"Emma?"

"I like doing it too."

"Do you get the feeling  that  things  are  building  up  to a really big
feeling and then you  feel  extra  nice?"   Both  girls shook their heads
again.

"OK, let's start from there."  Debbie stood  up  as much as she was able.
The roof of the cabin sloped down to  the prow and the only way she could
stand almost upright was to put her  head into the skylight.  She checked
that Bob was watching.  He  was  lying  prone  on  the deck with his head
level with the skylight but on  the  same  side  as  the girls so if they
looked up they would not see  him.   She  slipped  off her bikini top and
then her panties.   She  sat  back  on  the  bunk  facing  the two girls,
completely naked.  They  both  sensed  her  carnality.   Her  body seemed
different than it had done before.  She was exposing herself to them!

"You can only toss off well if you  know  which bits of you give the most
feeling," she began.  "Now you both  have  tiny tits compared to mine but
I'm sure they will give you really  nice  feelings if you try.  Strip off
your tops."  Both  girls  removed  their  shirts.   "You  both have super
little buds."  She examined them with her  eyes.  "Grown up tits have big
nipples at the end which grow if  they get sexy - watch."  Debbie brought
her thumbs and fingers to each  of  her  nipples and started to pull them
out rhythmically.  "See how they're  getting  bigger."  Both girls gawped
spell-bound as Debbie's nipples elongated.  "They  can  get so big that I
can suck them myself."  She demonstrated, tipping up her breasts one at a
time and sucking the growing teats into her mouth.  "This gives me a nice
feeling in my cunt.  Do you  know  the  word `cunt'?"  Both girls nodded.
"When we are having sex, some words  seem  to make us feel sexier because
they are forbidden in polite conversation.  Cunt  is one of them.  When I
play with my nipples or suck them it  makes my CUNT feel nice and it gets
wet.  It gets wet so that if I let a  man put his cock in it, or FUCK me,
it slides in better.  It also feels nicer  if  I wank or put things up my
own cunt.  Lots of girls like  putting  things up their cunts and tossing
off with them."

Both girls were following her every word and action absolutely enthralled
with her demonstration.

"Pull at your own nipples a bit," suggested Debbie.  "See if you can make
them feel tingly and grow."   The  girls  did so.  Debbie watched.  "What
does that feel like?"

"They seem harder," said Jessie, rolling  her tiny nipples and pulling at
them.

"It's a nice feeling," said Emma.

"Feel mine," said Debbie leaning forward so that her breasts hung down in
front of them.  Each girl felt the corresponding nipple gingerly.

"No, you must pull at them  fairly  hard," said Debbie.  She demonstrated
on herself and then  let  them  try  again.   "That's better," she gasped
slightly.  "Now let me feel  yours,  Em."   Emma sat forwards towards her
mother.  Debbie felt both her nipples and rolled them.  "Lovely, they are
just like little peas.  Can you feel me doing it?"

"Oh, yes, Mum.  It feels really nice."

"Does it make you feel a bit funny between your legs?"

"Yes, it makes me feel as if I want to rub it."

"Now you, Jess."  Jessie thrust her breasts out at Debbie who rolled them
in her fingers.  Debbie felt  herself  turning  on.  She was getting sexy
just playing with a young girl's  tits!  Jessie's nipples felt harder and
more puckered than Em's.  She gasped as Debbie felt them.

"Feel each other's now and try to  do  to the other person what you would
like them to do to  you,"  advised  Debbie.   The  girls played with each
others tiny breasts and obviously enjoyed what they were doing.

"Now I want to show you my cunt so  you will know what yours will be like
when you're grown up," said  Debbie.   "Yours  are obviously much smaller
than mine and you may not be  able  to  poke  things up inside but if you
know how it will develop and what you  can do with it, that will help you
understand and get a lot of pleasure."  Debbie turned round lengthways on
the bunk and let the leg nearest  the  girls slide off the side.  She was
split wide and her cunt was freely accessible to her audience's gaze.

"Now it's very wet because I am getting sexy showing you how it works and
sucking my own tits.  This is my cunt itself between the sex lips.  It is
a hole that gets wet and sticky when  a woman gets sexy."  She opened her
lips.  They moved closer to watch.  "I  can  put my fingers inside or Bob
can put his cock in there.   Doing  either gives me great pleasure."  She
smiled at them and pushed three fingers  all the way in.  "Girls can jerk
off like this and have an orgasm."  She masturbated rapidly building up a
froth round the neck of her  vagina.   "See  how wet and slimy I've got."
She withdrew her hand.  "Would you like  to  have a feel?"  She looked at
one and then the other.  It was obvious  that both girls wanted to have a
go.

"Right, Emma first as she's nearest."   Emma  moved closer and extended a
hand to her mother's cunt.  She  felt  the outside gingerly.  "Feel right
inside, Emma.  It's very  slippery  and  you  will  be  able  to get your
fingers in easily."  Emma became more bold.   She put four fingers to her
mother's cunt and pushed them in and out  as her mother had done with her
own.  Debbie groaned.  Emma withdrew her  hand  in alarm thinking she had
hurt her mother.  Debbie was quick  to  reassure  her - "It's OK, darling
it's just such  a  nice  feeling  it  almost  made  Mummy  cum.  Now you,
Jessie."  The girls changed placed.  Debbie  gripped her hand and brought
it to her streaming cunt.  "Make a  pointed  hand and see if you can push
it right in.  If you can, you  will  feel  a hard rounded lump at the top
which is my cervix."

Jessie made a pointed hand and  Debbie  guided  it to her cunt.  She then
held her wrist and forced the  whole  of  the  young girl's hand into her
cunt.  It entered suddenly.  Debbie  gasped  again  and began a series of
violent jerks.

"Don't worry, Jessie," she managed to gasp,  "It's just that I'm having a
big cum."  The girls watched her in  the throes of orgasm.  A rash spread
round the root of her neck and down onto her tits.

"That was wonderful," she explained  as  the  feeling  passed.  "I got so
excited that I had an orgasm and  you  both  helped me to get it.  That's
what I was saying about helping  others  to  cum."  She paused for breath
and pulled Jessie's hand from her cunt.

"Now see how wet your hand is,  Jessie.  It's covered with my juice.  You
can tell how excited a woman is from the amount of juice she makes.  Some
people like to taste it  too.   I  like  the  taste  of  my own juice.  I
remember how sexy I was  and  it  makes  me  feel  like doing it all over
again."  She smiled at her and brought  the  girl's wet hand to her face.
She licked each finger in turn.  The girls looked on in wonder.  When she
let her hand go, Jessie examined it  closely and smelt it.  She licked at
it tentatively.

"Now before you have a go yourselves,  there is one very important bit of
you that you must know about.  Even  some older girls don't know about it
and it is one of  the  most  sensitive  spots  you  have - look!"  Debbie
brought both index fingers to her clitoral hood and skinned it back.  Her
clitoris stuck up  like  a  small  nipple.   "This  is  my  clit and it's
extremely sensitive.  Girls can cum with  just  a small touch on it.  The
best way to rub it is by putting two fingers down each side and squeezing
it between them  like  this."   She  demonstrated.   Her  clit  reared up
between her fingers, red and angry looking.  "You can rub it directly but
it might make you cum straightaway."   She  rubbed  the ball of her index
finger over her clitoral spire  a  few  times  and  convulsed on the bunk
again.  "Oh, God!"  This time both girls knew what was happening.

"Now its your turn," said Debbie weakly.  "Do  you want to do it one at a
time so we others can watch or both together?"

"I'd like to watch Jessie and then do it myself," said Emma.

"Is that OK with you, Jess?"  asked  Debbie.  Jessie nodded, stood up and
in a trice she had  pulled  off  her  shorts.  She was wonderfully naked.
Her legs looked straight and thin and her buttocks narrow.  She was aware
they were looking at her  and  brought  both  hands  to her tiny breasts.
Debbie sat on the bunk again and pulled on Emma's arm.  She guided her to
sit next to her leaving the bunk opposite free for Jessie.

Jessie did not lay down on it  but  sat with her back leaning against the
sloping side of the boat.  She lifted her heels onto the edge of the bunk
and then flopped her  thighs  outward  in  the  position  she was in when
Debbie had first interrupted them that afternoon.  They all looked at her
slit.  Transparent mucus had oozed out of  the lower part and was coating
her tiny lips.

"That's wonderful," breathed  Debbie,  leaning  forward  and  studying it
closely.  "See the sticky stuff you  have  made.   Now run your finger up
your slit and try and open it so we can see inside."  Jessie did so.  She
pulled her lips apart and showed  them  her  tiny piss bump and the small
wrinkly entrance to her cunt.  It  glistened  in the cabin light.  Debbie
felt her own cunt contract - the sexual atmosphere was almost palpable.

"What does it feel like?" she asked in a hushed voice.

"It feels wet and nice.  I feel as if I want to rub it with my finger."

"Go on then."  They both watched as Jessie brought an index finger to her
cunt and rubbed it round the  rim.   She  pushed it inside for one finger
joint depth and then began to frig herself hard.

"Can you stop a minute and  let  us  both  feel it, Jess?"  asked Debbie.
Jessie stopped with an  effort  of  will.   "Have  a  feel, Em," directed
Debbie.  "Make a pointed finger  and  run  it  up  her slit and then feel
right into her hole gently."   Emma  did  so.  She examined Jessie's lips
and then in between.  She  ran  the  ball  of  her  finger over the other
girl's pee hole.  Jessie moaned.

"That's where she pisses through,"  explained  Debbie.   Emma moved on to
the tiny cunt which was becoming  quite  flushed and red.  She pushed her
finger inside and felt  the  sticky  tube  grip  it.  She masturbated the
other girl, pushing it in and out rapidly.  Jessie groaned.

"That's enough!"  Debbie caught  her  daughter's  hand  and drew it away.
She substituted her own.  She pushed a  finger deep into the very core of
the young girl.  There  was  no  hymen!   "Have  you  put  things up here
before, Jessie?" she asked gently.

"Oh, Debbie, the girls in the  camp  pushed  a  candle  in me and made me
bleed.  It was horrible and hurt."  Tears started to fill her eyes.

Debbie leaned forwards and kissed her  on the mouth.  "Don't worry, Jess,
everything's alright.  It need never hurt again.  Does it hurt now?"  She
still had her finger deep in the almost virgin cunt.  She moved it in and
out.

"No, Debbie, it feels nice.  Your finger feels smooth and nice."

"That's because you are  ready  for  it,"  explained Debbie gently.  "You
have got all juicy and sexy.   See  what  a difference it makes.  Before,
you were not at all sexy but now we  have got you really in the mood.  Do
you want me to see if  I  can  make  you cum?"  Jessie nodded vigorously.
Debbie pushed her flat on the bunk  and  speeded up her finger fuck.  The
young girl responded immediately.  She looked  up at Debbie with her eyes
wide in wonderment.  Debbie felt  her  own  juices  running down her leg.
She realised that this young  girl  would  remember this moment for ever.
"Em, come here and suck her nipples."   Emma looked at her mother in awe.
"Do it, Em and she will love you for  ever."  Emma did as she was bid and
moved round Debbie's side.  She  bent  to  her friend's breast and sucked
one of her tiny nipples into  her  mouth.   Jessie gave a wailing cry and
bucked on the invading finger.  Debbie crooked  it  to rub on her clit as
well.  Within seconds Jessie shook in spasms  as she had her first proper
orgasm ever.  Her eyes rolled up  and  showed the whites.  Emma looked up
in alarm but was reassured  by  her  mother's  smiling face.  Debbie lent
forwards and kissed her on the mouth...  "Jessie's just had a big cum and
knows what its like.." she explained.  "Now  let's  see if you can do the
same."

They had to wait for Jessie to  recover  before she could move out of the
way.  Emma hopped up in  her  place.   Debbie  noted  she had removed her
shorts but could not remember when.  Emma lay flat with her legs drawn up
and spread wide and gazed expectantly  at  her mother.  Debbie extended a
finger and ran it back through  her  slit.   It was slimy with mucus; her
daughter was a normal turned-on little girl.  The thought was reassuring.
She probed her cunt.  A  little  way  inside  was  the  tight band of her
hymen.

"Because you have never had anything inside before, I can't get my finger
right in without  hurting  you,"  she  explained.   "We'll  talk about it
later."  Emma's face showed  disappointment.   "But  let's  see if we can
find your clit and make you  cum  anyway."  Debbie pulled the little lips
towards her daughter's mound and then pushed back the small fold of skin.
She was amazed to  see  the  small  but  distinct  deep  pink nubbin that
appeared.  She leaned down and  brought  her  tongue  to it.  Emma's eyes
dilated in absolute disbelief  and  then  mounting  pleasure.  Jessie had
recovered and was sitting  up  watching.   She  stared  at the lascivious
sight of a mother licking her  daughter's  clitoris and felt her own cunt
twitch and begin to  feel  sexy  again.   She  watched  as Debbie ran her
tongue down her friend's slit and  licked  round  the opening of her cunt
hole itself, and then  back  to  the  tiny  clitoris  which  seemed to be
swelling even more.  Emma felt  a  marvellous  feeling sweep over her and
her back arched up.  She shook  in  orgasm.  Debbie was overcome with joy
and lust and felt herself go  off  with  her daughter even though nothing
was touching her sex at all.  They lay still...

Debbie stood up shakily.  "There you  are  girls.   That's the end of the
first lesson.  I hope you learnt something  nice.  Now I'm tired.  I must
find Bob and go to bed."

Two pairs of eyes looked up at her in absolute veneration.

"Thanks, Debbie," said Jessie.  She stood and raised her face for a kiss.
Debbie kissed her hard on the lips.  French kissing would come later.

Emma stood too.  "I love you lots, Mum.  Thank you for being the best mum
a girl ever had."  Debbie kissed her goodnight.

"You have only just begun,"  she told them lovingly.  "I do hope you both
have lots more lovely cums.  Will  you  do  some  more tonight or are you
wacked out too?"  She grinned at them.

"Would you play with  me  tonight,  Em?"  asked  Jessie.  "Last night you
wouldn't."  She turned to Debbie  and  said  very quietly,  "Watching you
lick Emma like that has made my cunt feel very sexy again."

"Would you like me to try  and  lick  you  like  mum did me?" asked Emma.
Debbie came out and shut the door.  She became aware of the wind building
up outside and the noises of the boat fittings moving about.  She climbed
the steps into the  cockpit  and  peered  through the windscreen forward.
Bob was making his way back towards her.

"Wow, what a performance," he greeted  her  as he stepped round the side.
You should see them now!  As soon as you left, Emma pushed Jessie back on
the bunk and is licking her out like there's no tomorrow."

"They're young and sexy, darling.   They  were  waking  up to sex anyway,
I've just helped them a bit.  Do you think I did the right thing?"

"Of course I do.  They are really  enjoying themselves.  And I'm cold and
need warming up.  I've cum once in my shorts!"

"Let's put the cover up - it looks as  if it might rain, then I'll see if
I've got any energy left!"  She grinned at  him in the dim light from the
open cabin door.  He kissed her and  ran  his tongue down her throat.  In
spite of the cums she had already had, she felt herself respond.

By the time they had fixed  the  cover  on  the cockpit and converted the
cabin table into a double bed,  she  was  cold too.  She was still naked.
He had put his sea  jacket  on  before  going  on  deck but his legs were
freezing.  She climbed into the double  sleeping bag, made by zipping two
bags together, and watched him take off the  jacket and hang it on a hook
behind the door.  He removed his shorts  and stood before her naked.  His
cock was semi-erect and wet.  He showed  her the mess in his shorts where
he had cum.  She grinned  widely.   He  got  into  bed and turned off the
light.  They cuddled, lying on  their  sides.   She pressed her hardening
nipples into his chest and felt his  wet  cock on her stomach.  He kissed
her...

"I want a dirty one," she whispered.

"Up your arse?" he asked.  She  kissed  him.   She turned away and curled
her legs up.  He  felt  into  her  cunt  and  took  some  of the dripping
lubrication to her arse.  He repeated  the manoeuvre several times before
bringing his knob to the puckered  ring.   He  pressed it in gently.  She
felt herself being slowly dilated.   His  whole knob penetrated her.  She
felt invaded and revelled in it.   He  eased  his whole cock up her arse.
It was now fully erect and felt like  an  iron rod.  He began to fuck her
with it.  She felt her insides melting  for  him.  She longed to show the
girls how she could take  all  of  his  rampant  manhood up her arse.  He
reached round and slipped his fingers down  each side of her clitoris the
way she liked.  The feelings started to  overwhelm her.  She knew she was
going to cum again.  She felt the head  of  his cock swell and jerk as it
jetted his spendings into her rectum  time  after time.  She was going to
cum too...  oh yes...  She  almost  passed  out  with the enormity of it.
Her whole body shook.  He nuzzled into  the  nape of her neck and nibbled
at it tenderly.  He  slowly  withdrew  and  arranged  his shrinking prick
along the crease of  her  buttocks.   She  snuggled  back  on it and they
drifted off to sleep.  Just  before  losing consciousness she thought she
heard her daughter cry out in pleasure.

--
