Archive-name: Family/se_cruz2.txt
Archive-author: Scrivener Eidolon
Archive-title: Cruise, The - 2


This part 2 of another erotic story  by  Scrivener  Eidolon.  It contains
several perversions including sex  with   minors   but   all  in a highly
erotic context.  If  you  have   any   compunction  concerning  this type
of material better leave it and delete - otherwise, enjoy.
                                                              S.E.

The Cruise - 4

Next day Debbie was wakened by  Emma  shaking her shoulder.  She gazed up
at the eager face of her young daughter.

"Wake up, Mummy, it's nearly  nine  o'clock."  Debbie glanced sideways at
Bob's still sleeping form.  Sunlight  reflected  from the sea through the
porthole danced around the cabin roof.   "Mum, would you mind coming into
our cabin for a bit?  If you could  spare us a few moments we'll make the
breakfast for you and do all  the  clearing  up."   Bob nudged her in the
back secretly to tell her he was awake.

"Can't it wait 'til later?" she asked sleepily.

"PLEASE, Mum," Emma insisted.  Debbie slipped up the sleeping bag and out
of the top.  The air felt cool on  her naked body.  Bob opened an eye and
watched her large breasts bounce  as  she  manoeuvred  herself out of the
bed.  He switched his gaze  to  his  daughter.   She  was still naked and
presumably had been all night.  She had an air of carnality about her now
and a reassurance that he  had  not  noticed before.  Mother and daughter
crept into the front cabin and  shut  the  door.  Bob stroked his growing
erection thoughtfully.

Jessie was waiting for them also naked.

"Mum, we want to  ask  you  some  questions  about  sex," began Emma when
Debbie was seated as before.  Debbie cocked her head and waited.  "Jessie
says her mum has lots of hair on  her  bump here," she pointed to her own
mound, "but you haven't got any.."

"That's because I shave mine with a  razor  and put cream on it to remove
the hair: you've seen me doing it.  I  like it like that because it seems
much more naked and it shows my  slit  when  I move about."  She stood up
and demonstrated.  They could see the beginning  of her sex even when she
had her legs together.  "Other people can  see my slit and I like showing
it off.  Bob says it makes it  look  younger; like yours.  Some girls and
men like to see a lot of hair, it  takes all types to make a world.  Some
men like their girls not to shave under their arms either but I like mine
bare too,"  She showed them her armpits.

"Do you let other people besides  Bob  see  your cunt?" asked Jessie with
her eyes open wide.  Emma was very interested to hear the answer..

"Bob and I sometimes have sex with other people.  We think married people
should not just have sex with themselves.   It  is very exciting to do it
with others sometimes; like me with you  last night!  We always tell each
other what we are going to do.   Some married people would not agree with
it: it's up to each couple to decide what is best for them.

"Do most people think it is wrong for girls to lick and suck each other's
cunts?" asked Emma.

"What about boys doing it?" added Jessie.

"It is lovely to have a  girlfriend  who  wil  suck  your cunt.  A lot of
people think you should only do  it  with  the opposite sex but girls and
boys sometimes like to do it with each other.  Whoever you have sex with,
be careful only to let very  special  friends  do  it.  It would not be a
good thing to let any person do it - save it as a special treat for those
you really like a lot or think you want  to be with for a long time.  And
don't tell other people what you  are  doing  because a lot of them might
think it was wrong and put you  off.   Some people even think it is wrong
to toss yourself off!"

"How about sucking boys' things?" asked Jessie, colouring slightly.

"That's alright too," laughed  Debbie.   "Boys  love  to be sucked.  They
think girls who suck them off are  very sexy especially if they drink the
cum from their cocks."

"What does it taste like?" asked Emma.

"Usually a bit metallic, not very nice really, but the thrill of bringing
off a boy you like, makes up for it."

"Do you drink Bob's stuff?" asked Jessie.

"Of course," said Debbie, "I love doing it."

"Can we see?" asked both girls together.

"I'll have to ask Bob but I  don't  suppose he would mind.  You would see
his cock all big  and  stiff.   Would  that  worrry  you?"  She posed the
question already  knowing  the  answer.   Both  girls  shook  their heads
vigorously.

"We would like to see it very much."  Emma spoke for both of them.

"Shall I go and ask him then?" asked Debbie seriously.  The girls nodded.
Debbie opened the door into the main cabin and walked through, closing it
again behind her.  Bob was still  in  bed.   When he saw her, he arranged
his erect cock upright and tented the  sleeping  bag up on it.  It made a
mountain in the bed.  He grinned at her.

"Bob, the girls want to see your cock and how I suck it off.  What do you
think?"

"I feel like a blowjob," he  grinned.   "From  the way they were going on
last night I'd say they were  growing  into  a  really randy pair.  If WE
don't  teach them someone else  will  but  you'll  have to tell them that
some people would not think it was  a  good  thing to do and to keep very
quiet about it.  Do you want to do it?"

"Oh, Bob, just look at my cunt.   It's  so wet, it's dripping!"  She came
over to his head and split  her  legs.   Without  her opening the lips he
could see her transparent fuck  literally  running out.  Some had dripped
onto her smooth thigh and was running  down the flesh as a small rivulet.
"Does that answer your question?  Those girls turn me on so much."

"We'll do it," he affirmed.  Debbie crossed to the door and opened it..

"OK girls, you can come in."  The two naked girls crowded into the larger
cabin eagerly.  "Sit over there  and  you  can  lean  back on the sides,"
directed Debbie indicating the part of the  wide bunk where it joined the
side of the boat.  The girls climbed  up.   Debbie stood on the deck side
and unzipped the two sleeping bags nearest  her.  She threw the top cover
down.  Bob's upper body was revealed  but  not  his crotch.  He was brown
and muscular with just a wisp  of  fair  hair on his chest.  She unzipped
some more and pushed the top  down  further.   His large cock sprung into
view fully erect and vibrant.  Debbie  knelt  on the floor beside him and
took the thick shaft into her hands.   She glanced up at the girls.  They
were mesmerised by the sight.

"This is Bob's cock," explained  Debbie.   "You  have both seen it before
and I think you have even seen it  half up, I know Emma has."  She looked
up at her daughter and smiled.   "But  now  it  is fully erect and really
stiff."  She brought it away from his body and let it spring back against
his belly with a loud smack.  "Boy's cocks go stiff like this so they can
push them into girls' cunts.  It's easier for them to rub them too.  This
bit is called the knob and the slit in the end is where he pisses through
and where his spunk comes out...  Bob  has  a very big cock but any adult
woman would be able to get it all into her cunt.  Our cunts can stretch a
lot."  She grinned at the girls.

"This is the shaft here," she showed them his thick rod covered with blue
dilated veins.  "And these are his  balls.   That's where the spunk comes
from...  Can they feel you, Bob?"   She  raised her eyebrows at him.  Bob
nodded solemnly.

"Give us your hand," said Debbie to  Emma  who was nearest.  Emma held it
out eagerly.  Debbie took it  and  guided  it  to the rearing cock.  Emma
felt the warmth of her father's shaft  and then the smooth knob.  She ran
her hand up  and down the length and cupped his balls.  She was amazed at
the strength and rigidity  of  it.   She  had  always  thought cocks were
bendy.  She sat back totally stunned.

Jessie moved up the bed and  explored  his  organ with a small hand.  She
could not span the thick shaft.   Without  being told to, she brought her
other hand over and used both to rub  it up and down.  Her eyes were wide
with excitement.  Both Bob and Debbie  noticed;  they knew she would be a
very willing pupil.

"OK," said  Debbie.   Jessie  released  the  penis  reluctantly.   Debbie
continued the lesson..  "Boys like rubbing  their  own cocks too, just as
you like rubbing your cunts."  Bob  showed  them how he gripped his shaft
and masturbated it up and down a few times.

"I told you last night that when a boy has an orgasm stuff shoots out the
end," said Debbie.  "In a minute I'll make  Bob's shoot up in the air and
you'll be able to see what it looks like.  Just as a girl has to build up
to a cum, a man does the same and it takes a bit of time.  An experienced
man can hold it back and  only  cum  when  he  wants to, when the girl is
ready.  Once they've cum, they can't do it again for a bit afterwards and
sometimes don't feel sexy for quite a  while: not like sexy girls who can
sometimes do it one after the other."  She winked at the girls.  "Shall I
make him cum now and then we'll have  a  clear  up and a swim and do some
more later if you want."  The girls nodded eagerly.

Debbie held Bob's shaft upright and began  to stroke it gently.  "See how
I hold it just below the knob  and  move  the  loose skin up and down the
shaft.  Squeeze it gently.  If a boy has  felt sexy for some time you can
usually get some  stuff  out  the  end  before  he  cums  properly."  She
squeezed her hand from the root of  the massive shaft to the top, running
it over the knob.  A large bead of mucus appeared at the slit.

"See that?  You can use it to  lubricate  the  end if you want or you can
suck it off and  taste  it."   She  leant  over,  extended her tongue and
licked the bead into her mouth.  The girls stared at her with eyes wide.

"Now let's get him to cum,"  Debbie cried enthusiastically and speeded up
her frigging.  Her hand only reached  half  way round his thick shaft but
she could grip it sufficiently to stimulate it well.  Bob arched his back
and groaned.

"Watch closely, girls - he's going to  cum  in a minute.  You can feel it
first in the base of his cock where it joins his body.

"I'm cumming," warned Bob.  Debbie  pointed  his cock upright.  The girls
stared in awe as a jet of white  cum  spurted from his cock and reached a
good four feet in  height  before  falling  back on Debbie's masturbating
hand and coating it, and his knob,  in a sticky white mess.  The ferocity
of the ejaculation startled the young  girls  who  had not expected it to
erupt with such force.  A second jet  rose from the purple knob almost as
high as the first.  It  fell  back  on  his belly.  More spurts followed,
each a little smaller than the  last.   Debbie's hand and Bob's belly and
thighs became coated in thick viscous sperm.

"There you are, girls, did  you  like  that?   Your  first  view of a man
cumming," said Debbie proudly.  "Now if you  like, you can taste it too -
that's what you were talking about wasn't it?"  She extended a finger and
scooped some of the congealed jelly onto it.  She brought it to her mouth
observing the reaction  of  the  girls.   They  watched  enthralled.  She
licked the spunk into her mouth and  showed them how she liked to swallow
it.  She leant over  and  sucked  a  particularly  large  dollop from his
belly.

"You'll have to be quick or I'll drink  it all up myself," she told them.
Both girls used their fingers to collect some spunk from Bob's body.  The
two adults watched as they tasted it gingerly.

"It's not too bad," said Jessie.

"I like it," said Emma, not to be outdone and supporting the taste of her
own father's spunk.

This is making me feel so sexy,  I'll  have  to cum off myself now," said
Debbie standing up.  "Look at  my  cunt."   She  split  her legs wide and
opened the lips of her  sex.   They  all  craned forward.  The inside was
bright pink, almost red.  Thick strands  of  mucus  hung from the rim and
slowly extended to the floor.   She  plunged  three fingers deeply within
and masturbated ferociously.  "You girls do it  too if you want: I'm sure
Bob would like that.  See if  you  can  make yourselves cum properly like
you did last night.  Kneel up so he can see you."

Both girls knelt on the bed with  their  legs wide and began to rub their
tiny slits.  Bob watched.  Emma  knew  where  her  clit  was and used two
fingers down each side.  Jessie inserted a finger right into her cunt and
did it directly.  She stared  back  at  Bob,  her face contorted in lust.
She exhibited herself and knew he  desired  her.   She showed him how she
could pull out her nipples with her  other hand.  He gripped his slightly
deflated cock and rubbed it in time with her.  It rapidly hardened again.

Debbie pushed at Bob and moved him  over.   She lay down next to him, her
legs splayed wide.  She lifted  her  nearest  leg  over his.  All of them
worked to bring themselves off.

Debbie was first.  Her back  arched  and  she  cried out in ecstasy.  Her
pelvis thrust at her own fingers in a series of spasms.  They all watched
as she withdrew her dripping fingers and brought them to Bob's mouth.  He
licked them thirstily.

Jessie was overcome  by  the  enormity  of  it  all.   She  fell sideways
masturbating rapidly.  Her  little  body  shook  as  she  came.  Emma was
having difficulty..

"Come and sit on Mummy's mouth, Em.  Let me help you."  Debbie moved down
the bed to make room.  Bob  watched  as his daughter eagerly crawled over
and straddled his wife's head.  He could see his wife's tongue lapping at
her daughter's slit.  He reached up  and  pulled Emma's head down to his.
He slipped his tongue deep down her  throat.  Her eyes looked into his in
utter wonder and she  came.   He  speeded  up  his  masturbation and felt
himself cumming again.  This time it  was  not at all violent but somehow
more satisfying.  A  small  tongue  lapped  round  his  knob.  Jessie was
licking up his spunk as it dribbled out!


The Cruise - 5

After they had rested for a  bit,  Debbie  organised  them to tidy up the
boat.  The girls were much  more  enthusiastic than usual!  Bob converted
the main bunk into a table  and  Debbie busied herself getting breakfast.
Bob sat and contemplated her body.   It  didn't  matter  now if he got an
erection; he was going to enjoy the rest of this trip.

After breakfast it was time for  a  swim.   The  girls helped to take the
back cover off and stow it in  the  locker.  Bob gazed at the shore.  The
cove was deserted and the  tide  right  in.   He took the binoculars from
their hook and searched the cliff methodically from one end to the other.
It was very steep and high.  He doubted if there was an easy way to climb
down.  He swept the glasses along  the  top:  it was deserted.  He turned
seawards and scanned the horizon - nothing.  It was as if they were alone
in the whole world.  He was distracted  by two big splashes.    The girls
had jumped into the sea.   They  cavorted  about noisily.  Debbie came up
behind him and pressed her  naked  body  against  his.  He could feel her
hard pointed breasts drilling into his back.  She brought her hands round
his chest and fingered his nipples..

"That was OK, wasn't it, darling?" she murmured in his ear and licked it.
"How do you like having a harem of young girls?"

"Absolutely fantastic," he replied.

"I want to show them how  we  fuck  next,"  she said.  "Em's a virgin and
very tight.  I think we ought to break her in with something or she won't
be able to fuck herself  properly.   Jessie  has  had  a candle up her at
guide camp so she's alright.....  I wonder  if she could take your cock?"
she added wickedly.

In spite of the two cums he  already  had  that morning, he felt his cock
stir at the thought.  Jessie was a  real  cock teaser and deserved it but
she was jail bait too!  He would have to think about it.  Suppose he hurt
her and she needed treatment.  His  cock  was huge compared with her tiny
cunt.  He didn't answer but turned  and  kissed Debbie long on her mouth.
She moved a thigh and pressed it between his legs.  They broke for air.

"I'm going for a swim," he said.

"Me too, I must have a pee!"

"How about doing it on me?   Lets  show  the  girls."  A wave of lust and
desire swept over him -  "Darling,  I  want  to drink your piss," he told
her earnestly. He kissed her again and  this time explored her mouth with
his tongue.  His penis lengthened against her thigh.  She felt it.

"Oh, yes," she gasped,  "I love it when you do that.  You get so dirty at
times."

"Hark who's talking," he gazed at her.   "What about that time in the New
Forest when you got me to shit on your tits!"

"I was very turned on then,  I  wanted  it,"  she said quietly.  "I don't
often feel like that."  He broke away  and  dived over the side.  The sea
felt cold as he went deeper.  He  surfaced about 20 feet away.  The girls
saw him enter the water and swam over  to  meet him.  He led them back to
the boat.

They all hung onto the loops of  rope  round the side.  Debbie climbed up
on the edge of the boat and gripped  the cabin roof with one hand.  Water
dripped from her large breasts.   She  split  her  legs  wide and ran her
other hand through her slit.  The  girls stopped jabbering and watched to
see  what  she  was  going  to  do.   She  began  to  piss.   The  stream
strengthened and curved down  over  Bob's  shoulders.  He moved slightly,
opened his mouth and manoeuvred it onto his face.  Debbie managed to keep
it there.  Some of her piss  entered  his mouth.  He swallowed and caught
some more.  The swell moved the boat  and  most of the rest splashed into
the sea.  He managed to get a few drips more as she finished.

The girls couldn't believe  what  had  happened and stared incredulously,
first at him and then up  at  Debbie.   She grinned widely and then dived
over their heads into the sea.   She  swum  rapidly away using the crawl.
She was an  expert.   Her  body  skimmed  along  the  surface, her narrow
buttocks almost out of  the  water  and  her  feet  agitating rapidly but
causing hardly any disturbance in the  water.   Bob threw himself off the
side and raced after her.   His  style  was altogether different and more
clumsy.  The sea foamed around  him  as  he gradually overhauled her.  He
grabbed her legs and they both  disappeared under the surface.  When they
reappeared they were hugging each other  tightly.  Emma turned and smiled
at Jessie who grinned back.  Emma sidled  up  to her and pressed her body
against hers.  She rubbed her tiny breasts on the other girl's and kissed
her.  She raised her leg  and rubbed her thigh between her legs....


The Cruise -6

The two adults spent most of  the  day  sunbathing on deck.  The children
alternately swam and played  in  their  cabin.   Nothing  else was spoken
about sex until after supper.   Emma  was  helping Debbie dry dishes when
she raised a point that had obviously been worrying her all day...

"Mum, isn't pee dirty and full of germs and yet Daddy drank yours."

"No, Darling,  pee is very clean.  There  are  no germs in it at all.  It
only gets dirty if it's left  lying  about  and gets stale, like ordinary
water.  Some people  like  the  feel  of  warm  piss  from another person
flowing over their body.   It's  very  sexy  at  the  right time and very
intimate."

"What's intimate mean?"

"Something very private  and  personal  and  nice."   She  smiled  at her
daughter.

"Do you drink Bob's piss?" asked  Jessie  still sitting at the table next
to him.  They were all still naked.   The air outside had turned cold but
it was warm in the cabin  mainly  because  the stove had been on.  Debbie
took a glass that Emma had just  dried  and crossed to Bob.  She crouched
and held it under his flaccid knob.   Bob strained slightly and filled it
with piss.  Debbie stood and faced  Jessie.   She raised the glass to her
lips and drained it!

"Does that answer your question?"  she  smiled  at  her.  "And now I feel
very sexy again.  How would you like  to see Bob fuck me?"  Jessie nodded
vigorously.  Emma jumped up and down.  "Come  on then, let's clear up and
make the table into a bed again."  In no time the table was converted and
the mattresses hiked out of  the  lockers.   The  girls arranged them and
covered them with  the opened  out  sleeping  bags.  "Get the two fold-up
chairs and put them here," directed Debbie indicating the deck beside the
bed.  She hopped up on the bunk as the girls sat down expectantly.

Debbie lay on her back with her legs wide and knees bent, her cunt facing
the girls.  Bob stood by her  side gently massaging his lengthening cock.
He took over the task of teacher...

"Couples fuck in many ways,"  he  told  them.   "The position many use is
called the Missionary position.  It's  quite  good because the man's cock
can go into the girl deeply but you  won't see much.  I think a side fuck
is best for now.  You will be  able  to  see everything and Mummy can rub
herself too if she wants to."  Debbie turned on her side.  Bob climbed up
next to her and lay along her  back.  Debbie reached between her legs and
produced his erect cock between hers...

"Look, it seems as if I have  grown  a  cock," she joked at the girls and
wanked it realistically as if it  were  part  of her.  The girls grinned.
Bob eased off and brought his  knob  forward again.  Debbie pressed it up
into her slit.  The tip split her lips  open and entered the mouth of her
cunt.

"Can you see Bob's knob just ready  to  go into me?"  Debbie looked up at
the girls.  "It's  important  to  get  my  cunt  and  his  prick lined up
properly or it hurts.  Now Bob's  going  to  push it right in."  Bob took
the cue and eased his cock inside her already slippery sheath.

"Did you see  it  go  in?"  asked  Debbie.   Both  girls nodded, watching
intently.  "OK then, so now Bob can fuck me."  She grunted as Bob started
to thrust in and out.  "If I want, I can get my clit out and rub it while
he's doing it," she said  jerkily.   She  looked down between her breasts
and pulled the hood back.  Her clit reared up dark pink and erect.

"I can play with it too," said Bob and brought a finger to it.  He rubbed
the small protuberance gently.  Debbie  moaned  and her head lolled back.
"I can also play with her tits," Bob continued and brought his other hand
to one of Debbie's breasts which he  squeezed towards the nipple and then
rolled it between finger and thumb.   He  palmed her breast marvelling at
its weight in spite of  his  familiarity  with  it.   He raised the whole
breast towards her face.  She knew what he wanted and bent down to suckle
it, taking the whole  nipple  into  her  mouth.   "I  really love it when
Debbie sucks her own tits," he told  the girls.  He glanced over at them.
Both were fingering their slits almost absentmindedly and following every
move they made.  Bob fucked Debbie  harder  and faster.  Her head dropped
back and she let go of the nipple she had ben sucking.  It stuck up rigid
and glistening.  Bob stopped...

"Let's change position, Deb.  Let's show them  how we do it doggy style."
He withdrew his cock.   It  throbbed  visibly,  the  knob  shiny, wet and
purple.  The girls had eyes  for  nothing  else.   Debbie turned onto her
front and raised  her  lovely  narrow  buttocks  in  the  air.  Bob knelt
behind, opened her  slit  with  his  thumbs  and  plunged  his huge organ
directly to the root in her cunt.  He pistoned it in and out with force.

"Oooo, that's good,"  gasped  Debbie.   "I  can  feel  his  balls banging
against my clit. She tilted her  head  under her shoulders and sucked her
own breast again.  The girls watched  avidly.   Bob's cock plunged in and
out of her cunt at speed and  began  to squelch.  Debbie was getting near
to cumming.  She released the  swollen  teat  and moaned.  Bob rammed her
hard and she went  off.   "Oh,  God,  I'm  cumming."   Her whole body was
racked in spasms.  She fell  forward  and  off  his  prick which was left
naked, quivering and wet with her juices.

Debbie turned to the girls.. "Being  fucked  that  way is really good, it
goes in so deep.  It feels absolutely  fabulous."  She looked at Bob, "Oh
Bob, doing it in front of the girls turns  me on so much.  You too by the
look of it, I've never seen it so big."

Debbie sat up and licked Bob's  knob  gently  from  the rim over the tip.
She cleaned her sticky mess  from  the  satiny  skin.  "Would you like to
lick their little slits Bob?  Lick  them  right the way through and taste
their young girl  juice?   It  tastes  wonderful,  believe  me.  I expect
they've both done a lot 'cause they've been rubbing them all the time you
were fucking me!"

"Oh yes, Daddy, suck me, suck me,"  cried  Emma.  She bounced up from the
chair and thrust her pelvis out at him.  She stood with her legs wide and
tried to show him her cunt.  "It's  very  wet, Daddy, and I'd love you to
suck it... please..."    Jessie  grinned  at  her  friend's  antics.  She
remained seated but split her  legs  wide  to  reveal her little sex lips
gaping open and the  small  puckered  hole  of  her  cunt glistening with
mucus.

"Would you like to suck mine, Bob?   It's very wet and slimy, look!"  She
dipped a finger into it to demonstrate.

Bob lusted after Jessie but he didn't want to cause any jealousy.  Debbie
saw his predicament.  "Would you  like  to  suck  each  one in turn, Bob?
Turn over onto your back.   Emma,  come  here  and  kneel up over Daddy's
mouth.  Jessie, would you like  to  lick  his  cock while he's sucking Em
then we'll turn around."

Debbie arranged Emma straddling Bob's  mouth  and  facing his cock so she
could watch Jessie.  Bob began to  lick  his daughter's cunt.  Her little
lips were open and he ran the  point  of  his tongue back from her mound,
over her tiny clit and into the little wet cave of her cunt.  He thrilled
with lust as he tasted her  forbidden  juice.  She was surprisingly slimy
and responsive.  He felt her shudder  as  he  poked the tip of his tongue
right into her slick vagina.  She  squirmed  herself down on the invading
softness and tried to force it in.  More juice flowed into his mouth.  He
licked her arsehole.  She groaned and looked at her mother in wonder...

"Daddy's licking my bum!"

"Don't you like it, dear?  Relax and see if he can get his tongue in.  It
will feel lovely."  Bob worked at  the  little  arse and then back to her
cunt.  He was amazed at the  amount  of juice his daughter was producing.
Suddenly his feelings concentrated elsewhere as a small hand steadied his
cock and a warm wet tongue started to  lap directly at his slit.  He felt
a bead of pre-cum leak out and get  lapped up before it had the chance to
run down the side.  He licked  avidly  at  the  young cunt over his face.
Emma moaned.  He suddenly  knew  he  could  bring  her  off  and began an
onslaught on the tiny clitoral bud he  could feel with his tongue but not
see.  She moaned in ecstasy.  He kept  up  the attack and was rewarded by
feeling a tremor shoot through her body.  Her face must have betrayed her
climax as Debbie rose to cuddle her...

"Oh, Darling, did Daddy make you cum?" she cooed.  "Was it nice?  Did you
like it?"   She  helped  her  daughter  climb  off  his  face.   She  was
exhausted.  She laid her down  next  to  him.   In spite of her weakness,
Emma turned round and kissed Bob on his lips..

"That was lovely, Daddy, thank  you."   She  cuddled  him round his neck.
She realised the wetness on his face  was  her own juice and licked at it
tentatively."

"That's good, Emma," said Debbie, thrilling at her daughter's spontaneous
action.  "Clean Daddy's face.  That's  your  own  cunt juice.  Didn't you
make a lot?"  She smiled at her lovingly.

Bob moaned.  They turned to see what was happening.  Jessie was trying to
push her tongue into his slit!  Debbie rescued him.

"Come on Jessie, your turn now.   Let  Bob  see  if  he can bring you off
too."  Jessie stood up and walked up to the head of the bunk.  Emma moved
out of the way.  Jessie hopped  up  and settled herself down.  She mashed
her cunt down into Bob's face.  He  explored her with his tongue and then
poked it up directly into her cunt.   It slid in deeply.  Although small,
she was obviously a size larger than Emma.

Jessie slumped forwards and  supported  herself  on  her hands and knees.
She began to rub herself backwards and forwards on his face.  She managed
to fuck herself on his tongue  which  he  held rigid and pointed for her.
She was carnal.  She seemed to  know  what  to do without being told.  He
revelled in the young girl's  sexuality.   He  knew she would have licked
him in an instinctive 69 but she was too small to reach his cock.  Debbie
came to the rescue and  started  to  masturbate him vigorously.  He could
feel his cum building and was  powerless  to  stop  it.  He wanted to see
what Debbie intended to do with it  but  could not move from his position
under the young girl.   He  knew  she  would  not  waste  it.  He cried a
warning, muffled by the wet  cunt  pressing  down  on  his face.  He felt
Debbie aiming his cock sideways and then jetted out the first fountain of
cum - then another, and another.

Jessie watched him erupt.  She  was  very  close.  It was marvellous, she
had a grandstand view as the white strands  of spunk shot out of his cock
and covered the small breasts and chest of her friend, Emma, as she knelt
beside the bunk where Debbie had  placed  her.  She watched as the lovely
sticky mess oozed down towards Emma's little mound in slow streams like a
glacier.  She was suddenly aware of  the  tongue working away at her cunt
at speed.  Bob was  licking  her  faster  and  faster.   She was going to
cum....  Jessie was suddenly overwhelmed and collapsed on top of him.

"That was wonderful, you two," said  Debbie  lovingly.  "Bob, have a look
at your daughter."  Jessie moved off him and he raised his head to search
out Emma.  She was kneeling  on  the  floor,  her  front covered with his
spunk.  She was watching it as it slowly oozed down over her skin.

"Do you fancy some of this, Bob?"  asked Debbie, pulling Emma to her feet
and over to where she was sitting  on  the bed.  She lowered her head and
licked a long trail of the white spunk into her mouth.  She lapped at one
of her daughter's small breasts cleaning  it  free of his discharge.  Bob
sat up and moved to Emma's other  side.  He  licked his own spunk off her
other little tit.

"I want some too," cried Jessie.  She knelt on the deck and licked up the
spunk which had run down over her friend's little mound.

"Mummy, have we missed The Flintstones?" asked Emma.

--
