Archive-name: Bestial/se_kko-1.txt
Archive-author: Scrivener Eidolon
Archive-title: Keiko - 1


This is a part 1 of  a  story  by  Scrivener Eidolon.  It contains several
perversions including sex with  animals  and  minors  but  all in a highly
erotic context.  If  you  have  any  compunction  concerning  this type of
material better leave it and delete - otherwise, enjoy.

NB. U$A Readers - in the UK,  where  this story originates, 'arse' is used
for 'ass'.  I think this is a  much  better word.  It sounds coarser!  The
American word reminds me of mules!   Please  feel  free to do a search and
replace if you feel you really must.  There will be several other spelling
differences but remember we spoke and  wrote  the language long before you
were invented!
                                                                SE


I could sense the electricity  building  up  between the two girls;  their
conversation was becoming more intimate.  Keiko  oozed a sexuality which I
found more and  more  appealing.   Even  more  interesting  to  me was the
response of my girlfriend, Tina.  I  have  known her for almost five years
and I know her moods.  More especially I  know when she is turning on.  It
is not obvious, and to a bystander  nothing would appear to have happened,
but I know!  Her slit was  definitely  getting moist and the infinitesimal
movements of her thighs  were  squeezing  her  cunt  lips and sliding them
against each other.  The little Japanese  girl was getting her horny.  She
fancied her!  So did I!

Tina and I had come to Japan on  a  sort of holiday.  The real holiday had
been in Singapore and I had to fly on to Japan to meet my boss and help in
the negotiation of some  business  for  the  computer  firm  which paid my
salary.  Tina was an air  hostess  and  decided  to  accompany me to Tokyo
where she could catch a free flight  back home to her first schedule after
her holiday.  We had five days left.

The holiday in Singapore had been out of this world.  Tina and I were even
more in love than ever.  Her constant  sexuality amazed me.  We had fucked
in bed, on the sand, in the forest,  even  on  the back seat of a bus!  We
had got even browner than we  were  before.   Tina  was now brown all over
except for small paler part where  her  minute bikini panties had screened
the warm sun from her bare  mound.   Not  that  she  had worn them all the
time!  My cock twitched as I  remembered  the wonderful beach where we had
both lain naked and made love as the sea lapped round our feet.

Tina's body is superb.  She is slim  with  such long legs.  Her thighs are
so smooth and straight and her bottom wonderfully narrow.  Her breasts are
not overly large but are firm and solid.  They jut from her body and could
not sag even if they  tried.   Her  nipples  always  seem  to be stiff and
erect.  I could see them now as they moved beneath the low-cut white dress
she had been wearing  for  the  cocktail  party.  The whiteness contrasted
wonderfully with her  brown  skin  and  sunbleached  hair.   Her  face was
beautiful and made  up  to  perfection  with  a  pale  blue eyeshadow that
matched her dangling earrings and necklace.  Her lips were thick and often
developed a most alluring pout that sent my pulse bounding.  The decollete
of her dress was modestly low  and  revealed  just the upper slopes of her
breasts.

Keiko was petite.  She  was  wearing  a  tight  green  cocktail dress that
reached down just over her  knees  as  she  perched  on  the bar stool and
sipped her drink.  Her hair was jet black and gathered back on either side
by two intricately  decorated  clips.   It  shone  in  the  lights  with a
wonderful vitality.  Her features were obviously oriental but delicate and
beautiful.  She  possessed  a  most  impish  grin  that  seemed  to appear
whenever the conversation became  even  slightly  risque,  as it was doing
now.  Keiko worked for the institution my  boss  and I had been talking to
and had been delegated to be  my  hostess  and  look after me.  I wondered
what she might be doing to  accomplish  this  task  if I had not been with
Tina.  I studied her figure.  Her  breasts  seemed  to be firm and rounded
and quite well formed for  such  a  small  girl.   I  tried to discern the
nipples but the material of her dress was too thick.

After the party was over, our  bosses  went  off together in high spirits.
Keiko had ordered a taxi to take us back to the hotel.

"I 'spect they off for further  entertainment,"  smiled Keiko in the taxi.
"I 'spect your boss very happy in the morning."

"Do you mean they are going to  a  Geisha  place?" asked Tina never one to
beat about the bush.

"Of course," grinned Keiko.  "I 'spect  they  take  Mike  too if he not be
with you."

"Why couldn't I have gone too?" pouted Tina.

"These things are only for men," said Keiko adamantly.

"Why not women as well?" retorted  Tina.   "I would like to be entertained
too!  I'd love to see what the Geishas do."

"They very discreet," said Keiko.  "The  men  have  good time but they not
look after women too.  In Japan  women  not  reach status of women in your
country."

"Shame," said Tina, "I feel like some entertainment like that."

When we reached the hotel it was  still  quite  early and I wanted to hear
more about Japanese women.  I invited Keiko in for a drink and that is why
Tina and she were  now  perched  on  high  bar  stools  and I was standing
between them.   The  conversation  had  continued,  Tina  trying  to probe
Japanese womens' sexuality and Keiko's  in  particular.  She had found out
that Keiko was not married and lived  in  a flat which she shared with two
other girls not far from the hotel.

"Can you go out with men and do what you like?" asked Tina.

"Of course," smiled Keiko,  "But I be careful not to be thought of as, how
you say, street-girl.  I could not get on  in  firm if I was thought to be
easy woman."

"It's the same  in  England."  said  Tina.   "If  you  fuck  around, do it
discreetly."  Keiko took no notice of the four letter word.

"Do you have a regular boyfriend, Keiko?" I asked.

"No, I fuck around!"  She  laughed.   Her  face  was radiant.  Tina's eyes
widened.

"You can have a regular boyfriend  and  still fuck around," Tina told her.
"I love Mike but that would not  stop  me  fucking another boy if I really
wanted to."

"That's right," I agreed.  "I  love  Tina  specially  but I have had other
girls as well.

"Sometimes  we  have  them  together  don't  we,  darling?"  grinned  Tina
wickedly.  I remembered the time  in  Mexico  City  when  Tina and I had a
beautiful Mexican girl  together.   Tina  had  brought  her  back from the
airport to our hotel room and wakened  me as they did a particularly noisy
69 on the floor.  Tina was definitely bi-sexual!

"You fuck with girls too, Tina?" asked Keiko staring into her eyes..

"When you look at me  like  that  it  makes  my  cunt very wet," said Tina
quietly.  Her blatant remark caught me off guard but not so Keiko..

"I know," she said seriously.  "I know you want fuck with me.  I want too.
I never fuck English  girl  before!"   Her  candour  was startling.  Up to
tonight she had been so prim and proper, even subservient in her manner.

"Can I watch?" I asked eagerly.  Tina  winked at me, drained her glass and
stood up..

"We sleep in the same room, it would be difficult to stop you."

"OK you watch, Mike, if Tina say  OK," said Keiko.  "Maybe after, you like
fuck me?"

In the lift I stared at the girls.   In  a moment they were going to strip
naked in front of me and have girl  sex.   It had been so quick.  Hardly a
word had been spoken to arrive  at  this position!  Neither seemed to care
that I would see them doing it!   And  I  would see Keiko's CUNT!  My cock
grew.

I opened the door to the room  with  our  key, reached round for the light
switch and stood back to let  the  girls  in.  The hotel was sumptuous and
well appointed.  The bedroom was large  and spacious.  It was dominated by
a large double bed with padded  headboards and individual lights on either
side.  There were two fully upholstered armchairs facing a large TV screen
and two built-in wardrobes with  a  dressing  table between.  This too had
soft lighting which shone indirectly onto  a large mirror.  All the lights
were on and the  room  was  brightly  lit  but  not  garish.   There was a
portable control centre on one  of  the  side  tables beside the bed which
regulated, not only all the lighting, but the television as well.  When we
first arrived, Tina and I spent a long time finding out how it worked.  We
decided we would like to have a  similar  system in our own house, when we
had one!  Wide double-glazed French windows  led  out onto a small balcony
from which we could see into a park  below.  Now the outside was hidden by
the thick red velvet curtains  which  I  presume the room-maid had pulled.
She had also turned down the bed  and folded the counterpane.  In the wall
opposite the window, a door  led  into  a  magnificent bathroom.  Tina was
most impressed by it.  In her  job  she stayed at several top-class hotels
but thought this was  quite  extraordinary.   A  large triangular bath was
sunk into the floor and surrounded  with  a  low  tiled wall.  There was a
bidet and toilet and also a shower cubicle as well.  The whole bedroom and
bathroom were carpeted with a  deep  burgundy  pile carpet that bounced as
you walked on it with shoes on, and which felt wonderful between your toes
bare-footed.

I decided to keep a low  profile.   I  wanted  to watch these lovely girls
pleasure each other.  I knew Tina  had  bisexual tendencies but apart from
that time in Mexico, I had never seen her with another girl.  Not that she
would have minded; I was always getting  her  to  tell me what she and the
other air-hostesses got up to when they were away from home.  Some of them
were lesbian but most were bisexual and welcomed girl sex as a change from
males without the hassle that it sometimes  involved.  I turned one of the
armchairs to face inwards and pushed it into a corner.  I sunk into it and
relaxed.

The girls threw their bags onto  the  other  chair and turned to face each
other.  They embraced, kissing gently  and  running  their hands over each
others' backs.  Keiko was shorter than  Tina.  Tina's breasts pressed into
her neck.  To let their mouths meet, Tina had to bend her head forward and
Keiko had to tilt her's back.  As  they kissed, Keiko's hands fluttered up
and down Tina's back undoing the  buttons  of  her dress.  I could not see
how Keiko's dress was fastened.  Tina undid  the sash which was tied round
her waist.  They stood apart.  Tina  shrugged  her shoulders and her dress
slid to the  floor.   Her  brown  body  was  almost  fully  exposed to the
Japanese girl.  Her breasts thrust  out  naked  and appealing, the nipples
already erect.  All she had on  now  was  a  tiny pair of panties - really
just a container for her sex, a  white  suspender belt and a pair of sheer
stockings with a  motif  reaching  up  her  calf.   She  posed  for Keiko,
thrusting her chest out and standing with her legs immodestly wide.

Keiko sank to her knees in front of  Tina and raised her hands in the air.
Tina leant forward and helped her slide  her  dress off over her head.  It
was a tight fit.

"How do you get it off without help?" Tina smiled.

"I can't wear it unless I know someone  will be there when I take it off,"
grinned Keiko emerging  from  beneath  the  dress  with  her hair tousled.
"Usually one of my flat-mates help  me."   I wondered what games the three
of them got up to.  My cock was elongating down the leg of my trousers.  I
managed to manoeuvre it upright  without  them  seeing  me - they only had
eyes for each  other.   Keiko  was  almost  naked.   She  wore  no  bra or
stockings.  Her sex was covered only  by  a  tiny pair of turquoise tanga-
type panties the same colour  as  her  dress.   They  were cut high on her
thigh and plunged deeply just above  her  mound.  She posed still for Tina
to admire her body.  I studied  her  at  the  same time.  Her breasts were
surprisingly big for such a  small  girl.   They  had not looked nearly so
promising when she had her dress on.  They were wonderfully shaped, curved
and jutting with  tiny  areolae  and  puckered  nipples.   She widened her
stance showing us her sex bulging  into  the material.  The convex bump of
her mound looked almost indecent  as  she  thrust  it forwards beneath her
superbly flat stomach.  From where I was sitting Tina had her back towards
me and the little Japanese girl  was  facing  us.  I could easily make out
the shape of her slit where the  tight  panties  clung to her sex lips.  I
could also make out a darker  patch  in  the  material were her juices had
already made it wet!  My cock jerked uncontrollably.  Tina stretched out a
hand towards Keiko.

"No," said Keiko softly, "You are my  guest  and I will make love to you."
She leant down and  stripped  off  her  own  panties.   Her pubic hair was
sparse but dark and was trimmed to a small swathe that ran vertically over
her mound about an inch wide.  She  looked so young and desirable.  I felt
my knob swell and leak into my pants.

Keiko dropped to her knees  and  took  Tina's  panties down with her.  She
pushed them off her feet and  raised  her  head  to study Tina's sex, only
inches from her face.   Tina  parted  her  legs  even  wider  to allow her
access.  Keiko stared at the naked mound  and  hanging lips that I knew so
well but which she was seeing for  the  very  first time.  When she was in
college, Tina and a room mate  had  pierced  each others' inner labia with
some special ear-piercing gadgets.  Tina was  very  proud of the holes and
never ceased to tell me in  intimate  detail  how they did it one Saturday
and then spent the whole weekend trying  the effect of different rings and
studs.  They were very sore at first  but  that just added to the venture.
Both of them had had orgasms as  the piercer went through!  Now she always
wore discrete gold rings.  Sometimes if  she felt perverse she wore larger
ones and hung things  from  them,  stretching  her  lips  obscenely for my
perusal.  They had thought of piercing their nipples as well but they were
too thick to get into the piercer.   They  talked about using a needle but
decided against it as they  might  want  to  breast  feed a baby later and
wondered how it would affect where the milk went!

Keiko stared at the  long  pendulous  lips  with  their  gold rings.  Tina
reached down and  grasped  a  ring  in  each  thumb  and  forefinger.  She
stretched her lips sideways, pulling  them  out  into  a thin membrane and
opening her cleft wide.  Keiko would  be  able to see everything, her piss
bump and the dark cavern  of  her  cunt.   I  imagined  it all sticky with
mucus.  Suddenly Keiko leaned forwards and  extended her tongue.  She took
a long steady lick right along the wet slit almost from Tina's arsehole to
up over her clitoris and  onto  her  bare  mound.  She then reached up and
pushed Tina gently back against the bed.   When  Tina felt the edge of the
mattress against the back of her  knees,  she  fell backwards onto it, her
feet still on the floor.  I caught  a  glimpse of her open glistening cunt
before Keiko's head came in the way as she buried her tongue deep into her
hole.

Keiko was kneeling with her back  towards  me.  I found her naked buttocks
most attractive, neat, narrow and firm.  I  toyed with the idea of feeling
her up but decided that  it  was  their  show  and  I  had resolved not to
interfere.  Keiko must have been  reading  my  thoughts because she parted
her knees and treated me to a view  of  her open sex from the rear.  There
was no other explanation, she had thought of me and wanted to show herself
off.  I studied her neat little arsehole  and the wetness of her cunt that
I could just see.  Her lips were tiny  when compared to Tina's and did not
hang down at all.  A few  sparse  black  hairs covered her outer lips.  My
cock was painfully stiff and I decided  to relieve some of the pressure on
it.  I undid my flies and  got  it  out.   It  was already rearing up from
under the waistband of my pants.   I  stroked  the  shaft gently and ran a
finger over the top.

Meanwhile Tina sounded as if she was going  to cum.  She began to moan and
buck about.  Keiko's head stuck to  her  cunt like glue and followed every
movement.  Suddenly Tina let out a  cry  and  went limp.  Keiko raised her
body  between  Tina's  legs,  slumped   forward   and  kissed  her.   Tina
deliberately licked round Keiko's  mouth  letting  her  know she liked the
taste of her own juices.  This seemed to send Keiko into a frenzy.

"Oh yes, lick cream  from  face  -  it  taste  so  good.   You like more?"
Without waiting for an answer Keiko  returned to Tina's cunt and collected
some more of her abundant fuck mucus  on  her tongue.  She raised up again
and plunged it deeply into  Tina's  mouth.   I  could see Tina sucking the
invading tongue avidly.  Keiko stood  and  grasped Tina's feet.  She swung
them onto the bed turning Tina longways down it.

"I want FUCK you and rub my  cunt  on yours," cried Keiko.  In answer Tina
turned slightly sideways and raised her upper leg in the air.  She reached
down for her lips and pulled them  apart  by the rings.  She moved them up
and out, stretching the hood  back  from  her clitoris.  The swollen organ
stuck up in the air like a nipple  all suffused and red.  She looked up at
Keiko to see her reaction.  Keiko gave a cry..

"Tina, you have lovely big clit.   I  show  you mine."  She leant back and
parted her lips with  her  fingers.   She  placed  the  pulp  of her index
fingers either side of the  bump  of  her  clit  and peeled the skin back.
Her clitoris appeared like a large  pink  pea.   She ran a finger over the
tip, shuddered and then looked up at Tina.

"It's beautiful," said Tina hoarsely.   "You  have  a lovely clit, Keiko."
Keiko smiled at the praise and then jumped  on the bed with her back to me
and her head at the foot end of the bed.  She put a leg between Tina's and
then slid herself up  between  Tina's  legs  until  their cunts met.  Both
girls gasped.

"Lie still," directed Keiko.   She  arranged  herself  so that their clits
were touching and then proceeded to  rub  hers  on Tina's in slow circular
movements.

I had never seen this done except on  film.  I had always thought it to be
a wonderfully passionate thing for  girls  to  do.   Here  in the flesh, I
marvelled at the sensual way  Keiko  was stimulating my girl-friend.  Tina
felt it too and looked as if she was going to have another orgasm...

"I'm going to cum," she cried.  Come  with me, Keiko," she pleaded, gazing
into Keiko's eyes as she fucked her.  Keiko speeded up and pressed her sex
hard against Tina's.  "Oh yes, I'm  cumming again," cried Tina.  This time
she was joined by the Japanese girl  who  gave  a series of small cries as
she jerked and came too.   Both  girls  fell  back  on the bed, their legs
still intertwined.  I had to cum.  I  stood  up and moved over to the bed.
I masturbated my large cock and brought  the swollen knob to Keiko's face.
She sensed my presence and opened her eyes.  Her pupils dilated as she saw
my large purple helmet directly above her.   She opened her mouth.  I felt
the cum rising up the base of my cock.   I squeezed the shaft so as not to
shoot it  out  over  her  head.   Then  I  was  cumming.   Gouts  of spunk
fountained from my cock.  In spite  of  the pressure, the first jet missed
her face and landed on the  sheet.   I  squeezed harder and managed to dam
the rest back.  I then let it  flow  out  in a steady stream straight into
her waiting mouth.  It poured from  me.   Her mouth filled three times and
she swallowed each load, her eyes wide  and  staring up at me.  I finished
and withdrew.

"No Japanese man cum like that," said Keiko in awe.  "You cum like horse!"

I bent down and kissed her on the  mouth tasting my own sperm on her lips.
Keiko extracted herself from between Tina's  legs  and turned round to lay
alongside her.  Tina kissed her lazily, probing her mouth for any remnants
of my cum.  I stepped out  of  my  trousers,  walked round the bed and lay
down next to Tina.  I reached  out  for the remote controller and switched
off the main lights,  leaving  just  an  indirect  glow  from the dressing
table.  I pressed another button  and  they  dimmed  down to a glimmer.  I
replaced the controller and collapsed on the bed.  Both girls were already
asleep.

I woke to feel a tight slippery sheath sliding down my stiff early morning
erection.  Tina's face was next to mine and I could feel her body pressing
against me.  When she saw I was  awake  she  gave me a wonderful smile.  I
remembered the Japanese girl and looked  down.   She had straddled my legs
and was fucking herself on my cock!  She  was  so tight and my cock was so
stiff that I knew immediately that  there  was  no  way I could control my
cum.  She didn't want  me  too  and  fucked  fiercely  grinning  at me and
willing me to ejaculate.  I did so,  spurting my spunk high into her cunt.
She slowed down, eased herself off and skipped off to the bathroom.

"I want his spunk!" cried Tina.

"Come get it then,"  called  Keiko  disappearing  into the bathroom.  Tina
jumped off the bed  and  ran  after  her.   I  relaxed  and  stared at the
ceiling.  Life was good at the  moment  but  we only had the weekend left.
After a while I stripped naked and followed them into the bathroom.  I sat
on the wall round the bath and waited for Keiko to come out of the shower.
Tina was shitting on the toilet...  Keiko stepped from the shower...

"Where did you learn to fuck like that  and be so sexy?"  I asked, staring
at her naked dripping body.  She took  a  towel from the rail and began to
dry herself making  sure  I  could  see  that  she  was  paying particular
attention to her breasts and the bit between her legs.

"My father and my mother taught me," she replied skittishly.

"They taught you about sex like that?"  I was incredulous.

"Me and my brother and  sister.   We  fuck  each  other  and my father and
mother too.  My parents teach us how."

"Your own father fucked you?"

"He still does when I go  home."   Keiko  regarded me seriously.  "He owns
big farm.  I fuck with animals too.  That  how I know you cum like horse!"
She grinned.  "I fuck everything."  She  crossed to the open bathroom door
and straddled it, a leg either side.  "I fuck doors!"  She began to writhe
sinuously up and down the door, the  edge pressed hard into her cunt.  The
sight of this wonderfully  brazen  girl  fucking  a  door  gave me another
instant hard-on.

"What animals have you fucked?"  asked  Tina,  with  a catch in her voice.
She tore off some paper.

"I fuck dogs, horses and, I don't know the English for them, with horns."

"Cows?" I said without thinking.

"Oh, Keiko, you are so sexy, I love it," cried Tina wiping herself.  "I've
never fucked an animal but we have talked about it haven't we, Mike?  It's
one of my fantasies."  She looked at me, her eyes shining.

"I cum in minute," said Keiko.  "Even  door  make me cum.  I like you shit
when I here and not care."  Tina got  up from the toilet and moved over to
caress her breasts.  Keiko jerked against  the  edge  of the door and then
slid to the floor.  Tina crouched beside  her and kissed her on the mouth.
I could see her tongue sliding inside.

"Do all Japanese fathers fuck  their  children?"  I  asked when they broke
apart.

"No, I believe not," said  Keiko.   "Sometimes  it  forbidden by law but I
glad my parents do it.  I have good sex since I six years,  that why I cum
easy when I want, like just now.  I  very good at cumming.  I do not think
I would be so good if I  learn  from  books  or wait until I grown woman."
She sat up on the floor, her  legs  crossed.   I could see her small slit,
flushed red and glistening with moisture.

"How often do you cum, Keiko?" I asked.

"All time," she grinned.  "If I think I  not able have sex with someone, I
put balls in cunt or walk about with dildo in!"

"Do most Japanese girls do that?" asked Tina crossing to me and sitting on
my lap with her back to me,  facing  her.   My long cock slid into her wet
tunnel.  She began to fuck me slowly.  Keiko watched unconcerned.

"My  friends  do  often,"  she  replied.   "Especially  if  we  going  out
together."

"That's so sexy," said Tina slightly breathlessly.  "You can all have cums
and no-one knows anything about it."

"We'll all know about the one I'm going to do," I warned.

"Shoot spunk on me, Mike," said Keiko, shuffling herself over to us.  Tina
speeded up her fucking.  I let the delicious feeling build up.

"I'm cumming," I cried.  Tina  hopped  off  and  Keiko grabbed my cock and
pointed it down over her breasts.   I  started  to cum.  Even though I had
cum only a few minutes ago, I  still  managed  a fair amount. It jetted it
out over one of the Japanese  girl's  lovely  pointed tits.  She raised my
cock and let the last squirts  coat  her  face.  Tina squealed in glee and
dropped to her knees beside  the  incorrigible  girl.  She licked my spunk
from her tits and swallowed it.

"I want too," moaned Keiko.  Tina licked  a  dollop from her face and then
dribbled it out again.  It hung in  a long sticky thread which she brought
over Keiko's mouth.  The Japanese girl opened  wide and caught the mess as
it elongated and fell.  She showed it to me and then swallowed.

"Oh, Keiko, you are so sexy," cried Tina  and bent to kiss her again.  The
girls swapped tongues.  Keiko reached between Tina's legs and sunk several
fingers deep into her  cunt.   She  masturbated  her expertly, running the
ball of her thumb over her  erect  clit.   Tina groaned in heat.  Suddenly
Keiko pushed her back on the  carpet  and  plunged her face between Tina's
legs.  I watched as she quickly brought  her off.  Tina's hands thumped on
the floor as she came.  The familiar rash crept down her front and reached
the thrusting breasts.  I could easily see it despite the tan!

We sat eating breakfast that the  room  service waiter brought up.  He was
not in the least bit surprised to find there were three of us.

"Tell me about fucking animals,"  said  Tina leaning towards Keiko.  Keiko
was wearing the same dress as last  night  and looked lovely but it seemed
inappropriate for the time of day,  especially  when compared to Tina's T-
shirt and shorts.

"What you want know?" grinned Keiko.

"What does it feel like?  Do you feel really depraved?"

"I don't know what is depraved?  It feels very good, especially with dogs.
I like dogs best as  they  can  really  fuck  you  and get their cocks in.
Horses are too big but they  come  a  lot  and shower you with spunk, like
Mike."  She grinned at me.

"Depraved means dirty sex, disgusting." explained Tina.

"Yes, I like because other people think it disgusting," grinned Keiko.  "I
like do things which are  disgusting  especially  when I know other people
watch me."  She leant back and pulled  up  her dress.  She bent one of her
lovely thighs up and pulled her panties aside.  She pushed an index finger
deep into her arsehole!  She  searched  our  faces  for  a reaction as she
slowly withdrew it and then sucked it into her mouth.

"Do that again," I commanded.   She did  so.  As she withdrew the finger I
grabbed her wrist and sucked the  finger  into my own mouth.  Keiko stared
at me as I made a great show of enjoying the taste.

"And me," said Tina.  Keiko repeated  the  act and offered her the finger.
Without hesitation, Tina sucked it into her  mouth. Keiko beamed at us and
lowered her leg...

"You disgusting too," she grinned.  "I like disgusting friends!"

"Keiko, have you still  got  a  dog  that  could  fuck  ME?"  Tina put the
question she had been dying to ask.

"Only at home on father's farm," she replied.  Tina looked at me.

"Any chance of going there?" I asked.

"Oh, Keiko, I'd love to fuck a  dog  and maybe a horse too," babbled Tina,
her eyes shining.  "It's something  that  I've  wanted  to do for ages but
never had the opportunity."

"My father there," said Keiko.  "He  would  want  watch and maybe fuck you
himself."  Tina had not thought of this.

"What's he like?"

"He OK.  He good.  He strong,  taller  than  me.   His cock very thick.  I
expect my mother want see you do  it  too.   I don't know if my brother or
sister be there."

"Oh, I do want to do it,"  Tina turned to me.

"Would your father mind if we went there?"  I asked.

"Not if he fuck Tina," said Keiko,  grinning  again.  "I 'spect he be most
pleased!  I think he not ever  fuck  lovely  English girl before.  I phone
him and see what he say.  We have plenty time go there.   Mr. Yamoto say I
show you anything you ask."  She pulled  a loathsome face.  Mr. Yamoto was
her boss!  Tina looked at me and grinned.


2

We met Keiko at the  station  after  she  had  been  home  for a change of
clothing.  She told us she would get the tickets and we would travel first
class.  I was wearing jeans and Tina  a simple summer dress.  Keiko turned
up wearing just a T-shirt and  a  tight  skirt which reached only half way
down her naked thighs.  On her feet she wore just trainers and ankle socks
which seemed to be just as fashionable  in  Japan as they were in the rest
of the world.  She looked so much  younger than when dressed in her formal
cocktail dress and would pass for  a schoolgirl.  She smiled and indicated
the platform where the  train  was  already  waiting.   The carriages were
sumptuous with  individual  compartments  and  a  corridor,  like  the old
fashioned ones we used to have at home.

"This is ours," said Keiko looking at her ticket and comparing it with the
number on the door.  "I have  booked  it  all  so we have it to ourselves.
When she saw our consternation she  grinned  and  added,  "My boss pay for
it!"

We settled down as the  countryside  sped  past.   The seats were soft and
comfortable. I was interested in the  scenery  and gazed out of the window
at the towns we went  through  and  the  distant mountains which seemed to
stay the same distance away all the time.  Keiko told us the journey would
take most of the day.  We would  arrive  at about seven in the evening and
her father promised someone would be  waiting  to  fetch us.  I spotted an
odd shaped pavilion and  turned  to  Keiko  to  ask  her  about it.  I was
astounded at the sight.   The  girls  had  pulled  down  the blinds on the
corridor windows and Keiko was sitting with  both  feet on the edge of her
seat, legs wide apart.  She was wearing no panties at all and was watching
her own finger teasing her enlarging  clitoris!   Tina was kneeling on the
floor watching.  Neither noticed me.

"My clit is big for  Japanese  girl,"  said  Keiko,  pulling the hood back
further so that it stuck directly up.

"It's big for any girl," said  Tina  seriously.   "I think it's a beauty."
These girls were incorrigible!  I loved it!

"I think it big because I use pump  to  try help it.  I have big plastic -
how you say.."  She made a gesture of injecting herself.

"Syringe," said Tina.

"I have plastic syringe with tube  on.   I  put  over clit and suck - very
good!  Do you do same to yours, Tina?   It even bigger than mine.  I never
see girl with one like yours."

"I think I was just born with it,"  said Tina reaching under her dress and
removing her panties.  "I always pull  at  it  and stretch it every time I
have a pee.  I do that to my lips  as well.  I like my lips hanging down."
This was all interesting news  to  me.   I  turned  to look out the window
again but kept listening.  I could see  Keiko's bare legs reflected in the
window whenever we went past something dark.

"Yes, I think that good thing to do," said  Keiko.  "I do that and I do it
with my nipples as well.  I suppose  having  rings makes it easier to pull
lips out."  I heard Tina sit down.

"That's right, I can stretch  them  or  sometimes  I  hang weights on them
under my dress."

"That must feel good.  Do you ever use things inside you like me?"

"No, I did once have a pair  of  angel  balls but they fell in half.  They
were quite nice."  I knew nothing of that!

"I have rubber pants are quite  good.   They  very  tight and have hard in
them.  I sometimes wear them when  I  go  on  train  like now.  I put cock
right inside me and move about with  the train and come off without anyone
know about it.  I can wear it other  way round and fuck friends!  Oh, look
your  clit  now,  it  get  really   big."   I  was  not  surprised;   this
incorrigible girl was turning me on too.  I  had to look.  I turned to see
what Tina was doing.  She was sitting  on the opposite seat in exactly the
same position as Keiko, her legs  wide  and  her cunt fully exposed.  Both
girls were watching as she wanked her long clitoral stalk up and down like
I would my cock!  It was sticking straight  up and the end was swollen out
like a miniature knob.

"Sometimes I wrap a thread round  it  and  let  it swell with blood." said
Tina.  "It gets even larger then and feels very sensitive."

"Ooo, do it now," said  Keiko  enthusiastically.   "I  wonder if I able do
same."  She reached under the seat and  pulled  out a thread from the edge
of the material.  It was multicoloured  and strong.  "This OK?"  She leant
over and showed it to Tina.  Tina took it from her and examined it.

"Yes, that's fine,  just thick enough not  to  cut in and just thin enough
to wrap round."  She concentrated on  her  clit  pulling  it up by the tip
between her finger and thumb.  She trapped  the end of the thread with her
little finger of the same hand and began to wind it round the stalk of the
upright organ.  It immediately turned  a  deep  pink  and swelled up.  She
stopped winding and watched as her clit turned darker still.

"That feels good," she said looking  up  at Keiko to see her concentrating
on what she was doing.  "We sometimes  do  the same to Mike's prick."  She
glanced over to me and  saw  me  watching  her.   "You like watching me do
this, don't you, Mike?  You like watching  my clit get all distended?"  It
was a rhetorical question and did not  need an answer.  Someone knocked on
the carriage door and fumbled with the  latch.  The girls just had time to
flip their skirts down before the ticket  collector came in.  Keiko held a
rapid conversation with him in Japanese  and  he left after inspecting the
tickets.  Tina flipped up her skirt again  and looked at her clitoris.  It
was now a deep purple.

"It's getting a bit painful  now,"  she  muttered  and began to unwind the
thread.

"Let me feel first," said Keiko and leant right forward.  She ran a finger
over the swollen nubbin.

"Oo, isn't it hard?   It's  harder  than  a  cock!"   Tina convulsed.  She
collapsed sideways. One of  her  legs  fell  off  the  seat and she nearly
followed it onto the floor.  She  almost  screamed but managed to suppress
it.

"Oh, God.  No-one has ever rubbed  it  while  it's been like that.  I just
went off, that was fantastic.  She  fumbled  between her legs and tried to
find the end of the thread.  Keiko  came  to the rescue and located it for
her.  She unwound it and watched as  the  organ subside to its normal size
and changed to a paler colour.

"That was wonderful, Tina.  Do you do  often?   That why you have such big
one!"  Tina was now lying along the seat exhausted.

"I'm dribbling juice out all over my dress," she moaned.

"Lift your bottom up and I move it out way," said Keiko.  "Let it run onto
seat.  I expect some man  will  like  smell  later!"   She returned to her
seat.  She dangled the thread at me.

"Would you help me see if I  do  it,  Mike?"  She smiled sweetly.  She lay
back on the seat with her legs  bent  up and widely open.  She reached for
her clit and rubbed the head  gently.   It  was  not  as big as Tina's but
bigger than most girls I had  known.   I  took the thread.  She pulled the
hood right back and pressed down round  her clit.  It stuck up arrogantly,
looking even larger when the surrounding  tissue had been pulled aside.  I
held one end of the thread and took a few turns round the tiny knob.

"Not too tight or the blood will be cut off completely," advised Tina from
the adjoining seat.  I slackened it  off  slightly and was rewarded by the
sight of the small organ gradually swelling and turning a bluish colour.

"Oh, yes.  I can feel that," moaned Keiko.  "Now lick it, Mike."  I did as
I was told.  Her clit felt  absolutely  hard and engorged.  Two licks were
enough and off she went.  I was  quite  amazed.  Tying their clits up like
this obviously made them much more sensitive.  I unwrapped the thread.

"Now you," grinned Keiko and took  the  thread  from me.  She knelt on the
floor in front of me  and  undid  my  jeans.   She  extracted my cock with
difficulty as it was fiercely  erect.   She  wrapped  the thread round the
base.  The effect was immediate and   I  felt  the shaft swell.  The veins
stood out like thick cords.  My knob began to turn a dusky red.  She leant
forward and ran her tongue over it.  The feeling was divine.

"He won't be able to cum like  that  because the thread cuts off his spunk
tube as well," said Tina, propped  up  on  an elbow.  Keiko took no notice
and started to suck my swollen knob  with force.  She only just managed to
get it all into her mouth.  I felt my orgasm growing.  Still Keiko did not
release the thread.  She kept up  the  suction, her lovely head bobbing up
and down my cock.  It felt as  if  it  would  drop off.  I pushed her head
away and she unwound the thread by pulling it from above.  My cock wobbled
as it spun off.  The feeling was  quite  new  and I began to shoot.  Spunk
jetted out with such force  that  it  reached  the carriage wall opposite.
Some more went onto Tina's leg and  the rest onto the floor.  Keiko turned
and watched the first thick discharge slide slowly down the wall.

"Leave it there," she said.  "Someone might  like it.  I always look round
carriage when I get  in  and  see  what  I  find.   Sometime  I see spunk.
Sometime piss.  Sometime I find condom with  spunk in.  That very good.  I
don't know who done it.  I dream  of  hansom  boy  and rub it in my tits!"
She was absolutely irrepressible!  She  looked  under  the seats but there
was nothing there.

The girls lay out  on  either  seat  and  I  resumed  my  appraisal of the
countryside.  Tina and Keiko seemed to hit  it  off so well.  They were so
randy and abandoned together.   I  had  never  seen  Tina so unrestrained.
What would Keiko's father make of it all?  I worried slightly.

The train pulled into a  large  station.   The nameplates were in Japanese
characters but repeated  in  small  English  letters  underneath - HIMESI.
Keiko had felt the train slowing and was up beside me opening the window.

"We here," she cried gleefully.  Tina clambered  to her feet and the girls
grabbed the small bags they had brought with them.  I had bought a present
of three bottles of Champagne  for  Keiko's  father.   Keiko assured me he
would love them.

Outside the station, Keiko waved to a man sitting in the driving seat of a
pony and trap..

"That Hugo," she cried.  The man jumped  down  and bowed low to Keiko.  He
came upright and beamed from ear to  ear.   Keiko flung her arms round his
neck and babbled away in Japanese.  She  turned to us and introduced us to
him also in Japanese.  We caught our names as she did so.  He bowed low to
both of us.  I was not sure what to do so I extended my hand.  He shook it
warmly and with a firm grip.

"Hugo work for my father many  years,"  explained Keiko.  "He live on farm
with family.  His wife house-keeper.   He  look  after running farm.  They
have very hansom son.  He  about  fourteen  now."  She winked knowingly at
us.  Hugo was about  forty,  of  average  height  for  a Japanese but very
stocky and muscular.  He was wearing  ordinary western type trousers and a
collarless shirt unbuttoned at the neck.   He  helped us all into the trap
and hopped up into the driver's seat.

We trotted through  a  modern  looking  town  and  then  into the country.
Fields rolled by on either  side.   The  mountains looked nearer than they
had all day.

"Our land start here," said  Keiko  indicating  an  old stone wall snaking
away on either side of the road.   It  was  all open country as far as the
eye could see.  It  looked  much  like  England  with  copses of trees and
fields of cereals.  The pony trotted on.  There was no sign of habitation.
We seemed to have gone several  miles  when  we suddenly turned off into a
small lane  lined  with  trees.   We  swept  between  two  stone sentinels
standing on thick columns  of  rock.   They  were dressed in old-fashioned
uniforms and brandishing swords.

"I used to dream about them when I child," giggled Keiko.  "They had large
cocks and raped me."  I looked at  her.  Her beautiful legs were open wide
and her skirt all rucked up.  She saw me looking and pulled it up further.
I could see her cunt.  She grinned wickedly.

The drive wound on interminably.  I  began  to  appreciate the size of the
farm - it was more like a whole English county!  Every now and again lanes
ran off to distant houses that  we  could  glimpse through the trees.  All
were single storeyed.

"Does all this  belong  to  your  father?"  asked  Tina  softly, obviously
overawed.

"Yes, of course,"  grinned  Keiko.   "He  very  rich  employ many people."
Further conversation ceased as we  arrived  in  front  of a long low house
with a semicircular drive before it.  It was modern and built of brick.  A
curling upwards of the roof corners was the only indication of the country
we were in.

"This is not house I born in,"  explained  Keiko.  "My father built and we
move here about ten year ago.  Hugo live in old house now."  She waved her
hand towards the trees to the  left.   Hugo  turned  at the mention of his
name and grinned.  The trap stopped  before  a heavy looking studded front
door that was immediately flung open.   A wonderfully pretty Japanese lady
ran out towards us wearing a richly embroidered kimono.  Keiko jumped from
the trap and embraced her.  She turned to us...

"This my mother," she said unnecessarily, the liking was obvious.

Keiko's mother bowed to us spoke in Japanese.  Keiko translated..

"My mother say welcome  to  our  home  and  what  she  has is yours,"  she
grinned.  We bowed too and thanked her.   Keiko grabbed her bag out of the
trap and followed her  mother  into  the  house.   We did likewise.  Keiko
stopped in the hallway and slipped off  her shoes.  We copied her example.
Inside, the house was bright and well lit.  Japanese paintings hung on the
walls.  We followed Keiko and her mother  through a low passage and into a
small building beside the main one.

"This is guest house," explained Keiko.   This your room."  We were amazed
at the decor.  The  floor  was  of  polished  wood  and  the  bed laid out
directly on it without a frame.  A wash  stand stood on one side and a low
table on the other.  The bed was  covered with an elaborate blue bedspread
depicting a dragon in gold.  Keiko's  mother  spoke rapidly in a sing-song
voice.

"My mother says she hope you very happy  here and she has arranged maid to
look after you," she grinned at our discomfort.  "Don't worry, I come back
and explain in minute.  There is  shower  room  in there," she indicated a
sliding door.  "I expect maid put out kimonos for you.  You feel very free
and relaxed in them.  Much better  than western clothes.  My parent expect
you wear them for supper."  She  grinned  and followed her mother from the
room.

"Wow!"  Tina expressed how we both  felt.   "I thought we were just coming
to a farm not  a  bloody  great  ranch!"   We  explored  the  room and the
bathroom next to it.  It contained a  shower and sunken bath.  Two kimonos
were laid out across  a  seemingly  ancient  couch  along  the wall.  Tina
threw off her clothes and flung them  down beside the kimonos.  She turned
on the modern shower taps and  stepped  into the large cubicle.  There was
enough room for two  so  I  stripped  off  and  joined  her.  There was an
assortment of all kinds  of  oils  and  soaps  on  a  shelf behind us.  We
experimented, rubbing some on  each  other's  bodies.  I felt exhilarated.
My body tingled.  I stepped out  of  the  shower  to  face a young girl of
about twelve in a beige wrap tied round  the waist with a sash.  She bowed
low keeping  her  eyes  averted  from  my  enlarged  cock.   She  spoke in
Japanese.  Tina joined me and the girl bowed low again.

"I think she must be the maid,"  whispered Tina.  The girl grabbed a large
towel and began to rub me down with it.  She rubbed me all over, drying my
cock and balls as well.  I  developed  a  super hardon.  The girl dried it
carefully with her eyes wide.   Tina watched my discomfort with amusement.
I indicated I was dry and the  girl  turned to Tina.  She got another warm
towel out of the airing cupboard and  repeated the treatment for her.  She
caressed Tina's breasts through the towel  quite blatantly, pulling at her
nipples as she did so.

"I like this," murmured Tina in a husky voice.  The girl dried between her
legs, pushing them apart so as to  get  to  her cleft.  She dropped to her
knees to dry her legs.  Tina's cleft was immediately in front of her face.
She saw the rings and looked up in awe.  Tina stood with her legs wide and
thrust her sex forward.  She gestured  to  the  young girl to touch her if
she wanted.  The girl felt the  rings  gingerly.  Tina smiled down at her.
The outer door opened and the girl quickly bent to dry Tina's feet.  Keiko
appeared wearing a metallic  green  kimono  tied  loosely round her waist.
The upper part was open and revealed the inner slopes of her breasts.

"I see you meet Tailu," she said  grinning.  The girl bent her forehead to
the floor as Keiko came  into  the  room.   "She  your servant and will do
anything for you."  Tailu  stood  and  helped  us  into our kimonos.  Both
ended halfway up our shins and were in  matching red and yellow.  I had to
admit we looked a fancy couple.   Keiko  parted the front of Tina's kimono
to allow glimpses of her  tits.   Tina  looked  down  to  see how much was
exposed.  I didn't  think  it  was  enough!   We  followed  Keiko down the
corridor and into the main part of the house.  On the way she told us that
neither her brother or sister were at home.  She seemed disappointed.  She
led the way backwards through a maze  of passages and suddenly into a long
room with a low  ceiling.    It  must  have  been  at  least forty feet in
length.  The floor was of polished  wood  but with two rich looking square
carpets covering some of the  area.   Low  chairs were scattered along the
walls which seemed to be covered  in parchment panelling. The lighting was
indirect and shone onto the ceiling giving  the  room an air of warmth and
cosiness despite its size.

A Japanese man with thick black  hair  streaked  with white, and wearing a
green  kimono similar to  Keiko's,  approached  us  beaming  with his arms
outstretched.  We bowed and he grasped one of our hands in each of his.  I
noticed his eyes  flash  to  Tina's  cleavage  as  she  bowed.   Keiko had
arranged things well and I am sure  he  could see most of her breasts.  He
spoke animatedly and shook our hands warmly.

"My father welcome you and hope  he  will  be good host," said Keiko.  Her
father released our hands and  waved  us  to  the  chairs.  He clapped his
hands.  An older servant girl  appeared  wearing  the  same colour wrap as
Tailu.  She received orders from her Master and disappeared.  She returned
later bearing a tray loaded with  drinks.   She  offered the first to Tina
and then me.  Keiko's father was next and then Keiko herself.

"Drink it in sips," warned Keiko.  Her father spoke in Japanese and raised
a glass before his face.  "It is  toast to your happiness," said Keiko and
sipped her drink.  We did likewise.  It  tasted sweet and syrupy and had a
definite kick as it went down.  Her  father  spoke some more eying Tina as
he did so.  Keiko replied.

"My father wonder why  white  girl  so  brown,"  she  grinned.  Her father
nodded and grinned  as  his  words  were  translated.   "I  explain you go
Singapore first and get brown in sun."  Her father spoke again and laughed
evilly,  his face creasing into  a  thousand  wrinkles.  "He wonder if you
brown all over."  Tina stood and undid the sash round her waist.  She held
the kimono open and showed  him  her  naked  body keeping her legs crossed
demurely.  He could see the small white triangle at her pubes.  He pointed
at it and laughed again, slapping his  thigh.  Tina wrapped herself up and
sat down again.  I was proud of her action.  She knew we were here to fuck
and wanted to show him she was  no  prude.  Keiko smiled her pleasure too.
Her mother joined us and stood near the door.

"Supper is ready," said Keiko.   We  all  stood  and filed out through the
door.  I noticed Keiko's father guiding Tina  by a hand on her buttock.  I
knew he could feel the  firmness  of  her  tight  muscles through the thin
material.

We ate supper sitting cross-legged on the  floor  in front of a low table.
It was piled with food which we ate with chopsticks.  A dry white wine was
served with it.  Keiko told us it  too  was made on the farm.  The servant
girls, of which there were  now  two,  bustled  about and kept our glasses
filled.  We all began to feel merry.  Keiko's parents were wonderful hosts
and made sure we tried everything.   Keiko  explained  what it was we were
eating.  Sometimes I wished she hadn't!

Keiko's father suddenly clapped his hands  and the servant girls withdrew.
He raised an empty glass to Keiko and gestured to her.  She stood, slipped
off her Kimono and crossed to  him  naked.   She straddled the glass as he
held it to her sex and pissed  in  it!!   Tina and I were astounded by the
act.  She had perfect control and  stopped  when  the glass was brim full.
Her father sipped at  his  daughter's  piss  as  if  it was champagne.  He
offered it to me.

"You not have to drink if you not want to," whispered Keiko.  I wanted to.
The act had been so unexpected and  depraved, it turned me on!  Her father
watched as I took the glass,  raised  it  to  my  mouth and drank the warm
liquid.  It tasted tart after the  wine but cleared my palate wonderfully.
It seemed the most natural thing  to  do.   I wondered if Tina wanted some
and raised my eyebrows to her over  the  rim of the glass.  She nodded.  I
passed the glass to her and she sipped at the pale liquid.  Keiko's father
beamed at her as she drank.  She  passed  the glass back to him still with
some in it.  He passed it to  his  wife  who drained it!  I was absolutely
amazed.  This obviously high-class and respected  woman had just drunk her
daughter's piss and thought nothing of it!   She and her husband rose from
the table and walked to  the  door.   Keiko  followed,  still naked and we
brought up the rear.  We went back to the sitting room.  Her father lay on
a sort of chaise longue  with  his  wife  sitting  on  the floor beside it
cross-legged.  Keiko, Tina and  I  sat  on  the  other  chairs facing him.
Keiko made sure her legs were  open  wide  and her parents could see right
into her cunt!  Her  father  spoke  in  Japanese  and  Keiko replied.  The
conversation went to and fro.  Keiko turned to Tina.

"My father knows why I bring you here  but  does not want to offend you by
being too sexy in front of you.  I  tell  him of your wish to fuck dog and
he say if you want do it alone OK, but it be great honour if he and mother
able watch."

"I don't mind if they watch provided they do not expect me to be an expert
at it," grinned Tina.  "If they can  give  me good advice, I would welcome
it."

"I help and show you how,"  smiled  Keiko.   She  turned to her father and
spoke in Japanese.  He stood and bowed to Tina.

"My father say he honoured.  I tell them what we did on train and what big
clit you got."  Her mother spoke.   "My  Mother say she very interested in
clit and would like to see it."  Tina stood up and untied the kimono.  She
shrugged it off and approached the couple stark naked.  I was proud of her
body.  She stopped just in front of  them  and sank to the floor.  She lay
on her back and raised her legs  over  her body exposing her whole pudenda
to their gaze.  She reached between her  legs, felt for the rings and then
held them widely apart.  They would  be  able  to see right into her cunt.
Both Japanese talked  excitedly.   Keiko  came  to  stand  beside Tina and
translated.

"My parents very interested in rings, Tina.  They see rings in nipples but
not in cunt lips."   I wanted to see  what she was doing and rose to stand
on Tina's other side.  She moved  the  rings around twisting her lips into
spirals.   I looked on as she  then  eased  her clitoris out of its hiding
place and gently stimulated it.  I glanced at the older couple.  They were
fascinated and studying her actions closely.  Tina watched herself between
her legs as she teased her  clitoris  erect.   She ran her finger nails up
and down the tiny shaft.  Eventually she  seemed satisfied at the size and
took her hands away.  She posed for  them, her clit upright and quivering.
She gestured to Keiko's mother  who  stretched  out  her hand and felt the
swollen organ.   She  stroked  it  gently  feeling  the  consistency.  She
jabbered in Japanese.

"My mother say she think your clit very good.  She wishes hers was as big.
She like to feel it so hard,  like..   like..  "  She fumbled for the word
she wanted,  "like gristle."  She beamed with her achievement.

Keiko's mother turned and  spoke  to  her  husband.   He  sat forwards and
reached out gingerly towards Tina.  Tina took  his hand and made him point
his index finger.  She brought it to  the  knob  of her clit and rubbed it
over the  head.   She  began  to  masturbate  herself  blatantly  with it,
squirming passionately on  the  floor  in  front  of  him.   I thought how
exciting and abandoned she looked.  My cock was tenting up the front of my
kimono.

I felt a hand creep  up  my  thighs  under  the  Kimono.  I looked down as
Keiko's mother reached for  my  rigid  cock!   Her  hand fluttered over my
balls and then up the shaft to my  knob.   Her eyes were wide in wonder at
its length.  She rubbed the ball  of  a  finger  expertly over my slit and
collected a bead of moisture which she massaged into the smooth skin of my
glans.  Her touch was so light  but  so  stimulating.  She smiled up at me
radiantly.  She must have been the oldest  woman  ever to feel my cock.  I
felt proud of  it.   I  doubt  if  she  had  felt  many  bigger than mine.
Meanwhile Tina  was  going  to  cum.   She  screamed  out  in  ecstasy and
collapsed back on the floor.  Keiko's father  watched her in the throes of
orgasm.  He spoke rapidly to Keiko.

"My father say he very honoured  to  be  one  to make you have orgasm.  He
like it very much to feel  your  clit.   Could  he now taste juice?"  Tina
beckoned to him and spread  her  legs  wide.   He dropped between them and
stuck his tongue straight up into  her  cunt.   He lapped at her expertly.
Tina's thick sweet fuck poured into his mouth.  Before long he had brought
her off again!

Meanwhile Keiko had come to stand behind me and had undone my kimono.  She
knew her  mother  was  masturbating  me.   She  slipped  the  gown  off my
shoulders to the floor and  I  stood  naked,  my  cock rigid and the veins
dilated.  Keiko's mother said something in  Japanese and then knelt before
me.

"My mother say you have very  long  cock,"  grinned Keiko.  With that, the
older woman plunged her mouth down over  my  knob!  She took a deep breath
round the sides and then slid it down her throat until her chin was buried
in my pubic hair.  The sensation was fantastic.  Even Tina could not deep-
throat my cock like that.

"Shoot down throat," encouraged Keiko,  rubbing  her naked body against my
back.  I could feel her hard  tits  drilling  into me.  Her mother came up
for air and then plunged her  mouth  down  my shaft again.  Keiko rammed a
finger deep in my arse!  The  feeling  was  delightful and I came at once,
pumping my semen down her mother's throat.   She didn't need to swallow as
her throat was open with my  cock  anyway.  She clutched my buttocks close
and would not let me withdraw.  I wondered how long it would be before she
had to breathe but she  was  an  expert  and  waited  until her throat had
sucked the very last drop of cum from  me.   I knew I had shot a full load
but as I felt Keiko's body still  rubbing  on  mine I also knew that I was
not done for and could easily go another round.

Keiko's father sat back on the  Chaise-longe  and his wife returned to the
place she was occupying before.  He  spoke  to  her and then to Keiko.  He
turned to us and smiled widely  from  ear  to  ear.   Tina sat up her legs
still wide.

"My father say you both very, how  you  say, potent? and sexy.  He wish to
thank you both for giving them  your  juice.  He say Tina taste wonderful.
English girl juice  seem  more  and  thicker  than  Japanese!"  Her father
pointed to the floor in front  of  Tina  where  a small pool of juices had
leaked from her cunt.  He nodded at  Tina and grinned.  He spoke again and
her mother joined in.

"My father say my mother like Mike spunk  and think he has very nice cock.
She wish her son had cock  like  yours.   He  say you both very welcome to
stay as long as like.  You fuck  any  servant you desire!"  She grinned at
us.  He nodded vigorously in affirmation.

"Right now  I  need  a  pee,"  said  Tina,  getting  to  her  feet.  Keiko
translated.  Her father clapped his hands loudly and the two servant girls
reappeared as if by magic.  Neither seemed  the least bit surprised to see
the daughter of the house  and  her  guests  completely naked.  They stood
with their eyes cast down and  waited  for  orders.  Their master spoke to
them rapidly.  One crossed to me and the  other to Tina.  They took a hand
each and led us to the door.

"My father say you use them for toilet," said Keiko.  "He will be offended
if you not piss in mouths!"  The  girls  led us to a completely tiled room
with a floor sloping towards a single  grated  drain in the centre.  I was
to be first.  Without a word the girl  leading me slipped off her wrap and
squatted over the drain.  She must have  been no more than fifteen and was
beautiful with jet black hair swept back  in  a roll.  Her tits were small
but hard and firm.  Her tiny mound was decorated only by a band of trimmed
hair similar to Keiko's.   I  noticed  a  small  tattoo  motif on her left
shoulder.  She opened her mouth and waited.

"Go on," encouraged Tina,  "it's not often you'll get the offer to piss in
the mouth of such a lovely girl!"   I approached the girl and she steadied
herself with her hands resting on  the  tiles  behind.  This made her tits
stick out even more invitingly.

"Do you think it would be alright if  I  had  a quick feel of her tits?" I
grinned at Tina.

"He said we could do what we  liked  with  them."   I ran my hand over the
girl's breasts.  They were  absolutely  firm  and  solid, the nipples like
little cherry stones.  My cock was semi-stiff  and  I knew I would have to
piss before it got any harder.  I directed it at the girl's open mouth and
waited for the stream to start.   It  did  so  suddenly.  A stream of pale
piss entered her mouth and she  swallowed  rapidly, keeping her mouth open
for more.  I kept the flow  coming.   I  wanted  to see it splash over her
jutting tits and directed some down  onto  her body.  She cried in dismay.
The other girl started babbling in Japanese.

"I think you they are expected to keep  it in their mouths," said Tina.  I
redirected the rest back to the girl's mouth.  When I had finished I stood
back.  The girl looked  magnificent,  her  face  and  tits running with my
piss.  Some of it had run down  between  her legs in a rivulet.  She stood
up and the other girl took her  place.   She was even younger and had only
beginnings of breasts.  Her mound was  naked.   I  thought she could be no
more then twelve but my estimation  of  Japanese girls' ages always seemed
to be wrong.  Because they were  all  small  and petite, it made them look
younger than they really were.   Keiko  in  her  shorts and T-shirt on the
train had looked like a schoolgirl.   The  girl  gestured to Tina that she
was to straddle her mouth  and  piss  into  it  direct.  She made signs to
indicate that all of her piss was to be  drunk by her and not to let it go
onto her body.  Tina obliged, holding  her  lips  apart with the rings and
letting small spurts out at a time so the girl could drink it easily.  The
sight of her pissing into the young  girl's  mouth was highly erotic and I
wished I had a camera to record the event.

The girls left their wraps in the drain  room  and led us back to the main
lounge.  Keiko's parents were sitting  where  they  had been when we left.
Keiko was back sitting in a chair  opposite.   The  girls led us up to the
Master.  My girl spoke  softly,  her  eyes  downcast.   Keiko's father was
livid.  He stood and approached the girl  running his hands over her still
wet breasts and inspecting them.  He then  struck her hard across the face
and she dropped to the floor  kneeling  before him in supplication.  I was
mortified.

"If that is because she has piss on her tits, it's my fault," I cried.  "I
pissed on them deliberately."

"She should not have allowed it," said  Keiko.  "She was told to drink all
your piss and not miss a drop."

"But I didn't know that!" I protested.

"Sit down and leave it as  it  is,"  advised  Keiko quietly.  "She will be
punished anyway."  Her father jabbered at the girls and they left.  Within
minutes they returned carrying a  rolled  up  mattress between them.  They
undid it in the middle of the floor.   It was about twelve feet square and
an inch thick.

"This is for us to fuck  dogs  on," explained Keiko grinning.  The servant
girls returned with two more rolls which  they  piled on top of the first.
I caught glimpses of their slits as they bent to their task.  I was really
enjoying this stay apart from the pee  incident with the girl.  I tried to
catch her eye to say I was  sorry  but she kept them diverted and downcast
all the time.

"I fuck first dog," said Keiko.   "You  see  how  it done.  Dogs very well
trained but can scratch very easy.  Usually  servants do the fuck but I do
it tonight as I like it and my father  get very sexy if it is me.  He know
I could say no and not do it, not  like servant.  He like you do it, Tina.
You do it for love!"  The younger  servant  girl  returned with a dog on a
leash.

"Kasho," cried Keiko dropping to her knees.  The dog wagged it's long tail
and strained on the lead.  The girl released the clip on his collar and he
bounded over  to  Keiko.   The  girl  retired.   Keiko  and  the  dog were
obviously delighted to see each other.  Keiko  kissed him on the snout and
he licked her face all over.   He  was  a  large  dog, about the size of a
labrador but black and with a shaggy coat.  Keiko muttered words to him in
Japanese and he quietened down.  He sat facing her, his tail still wagging
furiously.  Keiko  gave  him  a  curt  command.   She  moved  over  to the
mattresses and arranged herself  on  her  back  with  her  cunt facing her
parents.  The dog stayed  put  and  followed  her  movements with its head
only.

Keiko's father spoke to us.

"He say bring chairs close so you  see  properly," she said.  We did as we
were bid and arranged our  chairs  round  the  mattresses.  Keiko bent her
legs up and let them  fall  outwards  exposing  her already dripping cunt.
She called gently to the dog.  He bounded over and dropped on his belly at
her feet.

"OK, Kasho," said Keiko.  The dog  slid  forwards on his belly and brought
his mouth to her cunt.  He started  to  lap at her in big swathes starting
at her arsehole and licking right through to her clit.  Keiko squealed...

"Nothing lick like dog," she cried.

The action was so obscene that I felt  my cock throb against my belly as I
leant forwards to  watch.   Her  parents  were  also  following the action
closely.  I glanced at Tina.  She was  squirming her cunt on the chair.  I
wondered what Keiko's father would say if she stained it!

"Now I suck you," said Keiko and spoke  to the dog in Japanese.  She knelt
up and pulled him over onto his  back.  Her mother leant forwards and held
Kasho by his collar.  She whispered  soothing words in his ear.  Meanwhile
Keiko fumbled in the fur of the  dog's  belly  and parted it to reveal his
cock.  The base was concealed by skin sparsely covered with hair.  The tip
of a red penis showed from under it.  Keiko massaged the skin back and the
dog's cock grew before our eyes.  She  gripped it between finger and thumb
and began to slide them up and down  wanking it slowly as she would a man.
The dog whimpered but her mother spoke  soothingly to him and he calmed at
once.  Keiko worked the cock up  to  a  size I thought was impossible.  It
compared favourably with most human ones.  The shaft was altogether redder
and the knob not so clearly defined.  Keiko bent over and took it into her
mouth!  She bobbed her head up and  down,  sucking the dog's prick.  I had
never seen anything so depraved  in  my  life  and  yet it was sensual and
arousing.  My cock leaked mucus.   Keiko's  father complained in Japanese.
Apparently he could not see the action!.  Keiko stopped and worked herself
round.  She and her mother turned  the  dog sideways to her father.  Keiko
recommenced sucking the animal's rampant tool.

"You can fuck with dog  like  this,"  said  Keiko  to Tina, abandoning the
quivering cock.  "It probably best way for  someone who dog not know.  You
not get scratched and it go right in  deep."  She swung a leg over the dog
and faced its rear.  She  worked  herself  forward  on her knees until her
cunt was touching the dog's cock.   She  opened  herself with one hand and
plunged her cunt down over the hard  redness.  The dog whimpered again and
struggled.  Keiko's mother held him firmly  by the collar.  Keiko began to
fuck him, her body upright  and  tits  jutting.   I  thought the sight was
quite the most arousing I had  ever  seen  and  again  wished that I had a
camera to record it for ever.

"You have sit down hard on him sometime  and  not let him get rhythm or he
cum," explained Keiko a bit  jerkily.   "I  might  cum too," she added and
giggled.  She climbed off.  Her mother let  the dog roll over and stand up
but retained a strong hold on his collar.  He shook himself.

"Now I try real fuck," said  Keiko.   She  knelt  on the mattress with her
lovely neat buttocks in  the  air  and  her  shoulders  right  down on the
surface.  "I catch his front paws  when  I  lie  like this and it stop him
holding my legs.  If he try to  hang  on  my  legs like other dog, it make
horrible, I don't know English word, like scratches with white lines."

"Weals," I said.

Keiko's mother moved the  dog  behind  her  daughter  and  let him go.  He
immediately mounted Keiko, standing on his back legs.  His cock stuck out,
huge and erect as he tried  to  find  her cunt.  Keiko quickly grabbed his
front feet and brought them into her  groins.  He collapsed with his chest
on her buttocks, still trying to locate something to fuck.  Keiko's mother
reached under and guided the rearing cock to her daughter's cunt!  The dog
felt its cock enter her sheath  and  began fucking furiously, panting with
the effort.  Its tongue hung out,  dripping  with saliva.  Keiko cried out
hoarsely in Japanese.  Her mother spoke rapidly to her.

"My mother say you probably like see dog shoot and not to let him do it in
me," she gasped.  "OK, OK."  She  looked  at  her  mother who stood up and
grabbed the dog by his collar  and  dragged  it  off.  She brought it back
over to the mattress and Keiko crawled  away.  The dog tried to follow but
her mother flipped it over on its back and they resumed the positions they
had before.  Keiko spoke to her and she nodded.

"I go toss him off and show you  his spunk," she said.  I marvelled at her
command of English and colloquial words.  There  were only a few words she
had difficulty over.  She pushed down  the  dog's fur and gripped the long
prick.  She masturbated him rapidly. The dog growled deeply.

"He going cum," said Keiko and held  her palm cupped under the dog's cock.
She was right.  Within seconds spunk  began  to  spurt from the knob.  She
caught most of it in her hand.   She  then abandoned the dog to her mother
and raised her palm to look at the semen.  Tina and I craned forward.  The
spunk was milky white like mine but much more runny and far less viscous.

"It taste like boy spunk but more thin," said Keiko.  She licked some from
her hand.  She was so lewd.  She  offered  her hand to Tina.  I was amazed
to see her bend down and suck  a  large  dollop  of the dog's cum into her
mouth.  We all watched her face as she  moved it round with her tongue and
then swallowed.

"Yes I agree," she said seriously  as  if  tasting a new wine,  "It's more
watery but it tastes sort if vinegary as well."  Keiko's father beamed and
clapped her shameless behaviour.  Tina grinned  when she realised what she
had done.  Keiko offered the rest of  the  dog  spunk to me but I shook my
head.  She shrugged and licked  the  remainder  off her palm herself.  Her
mother released the dog  who  curled  round  and  licked his own deflating
cock.  Keiko cuddled him round  the  scruff  of  his  neck.  He turned and
licked her face.


3

After the dog had been led out by the servants, Keiko's father insisted we
were all fortified  with  some  more  drink.   The  original  servant girl
brought them in but this time she was absolutely naked.  I thought she was
about twenty and had a more  plump  figure  than the others.  She also had
the mark on her left arm.  Her  breasts were large and slightly droopy but
the nipples were up-turned and  thick.   I  thought  she would probably be
able to suck them herself.  The thought  made my cock twitch.  It had gone
down somewhat since the excitement of the dog fuck.

Keiko's father clapped  his  hands  loudly  and  one  of  the  other girls
reappeared leading another dog.  I noticed  that  the girl I had pissed on
had not put in an appearance since.  The  dog was very much like the other
in appearance but not so  boisterous.   I  thought  it was probably older.
Keiko spoke to the girl and she released it.  It bounded over to Keiko and
licked her all over.  It tried to reach between her legs as she sat on the
chair but she held it off.   She  spoke  to  it soothingly and cuddled its
neck.

"This is Tadoki," she said.  "He  Kasho's  father.   He very good and does
everything he told.  He give you  good  fuck  for first one."  She grinned
over at Tina who stood up.  Keiko spoke more to the dog and led it over to
the mattresses.  She got it to lie  down  and roll over on its back.  Once
again Keiko's mother held its head and murmured to it gently.   Tina knelt
beside the dog.

"Feel cock and see if you  get  it  stiff," directed Keiko kneeling beside
her.  I moved closer to watch.  Tina  smoothed the fur away from the dog's
prick and began to stimulate  it  as  Keiko  had done previously.  She was
immediately rewarded by seeing the red  pole  erecting and rising into the
air.  She masturbated it and  pressed  the  covering  skin back.  The cock
assumed massive proportions.

"It feels so hard, just like  a  man's  but  the  skin  round it is not so
loose," said Tina concentrating on what she  was doing.  "It's not so easy
to toss it off."  Keiko's father wanted  to know what she had said,  Keiko
translated.

"Doing this is getting me really horny," said Tina.  "I want to feel it in
me."  Keiko translated again.   The  older  man  nodded  his agreement and
gestured to her to  carry  on.   Tina  lifted  her  leg  over  the dog and
straddled him.  She held his cock  and  lowered herself onto it like Keiko
had done before.  The red  dog  prick  slid  straight  into her cunt.  She
started to fuck up and down.

"Oh, fuck, yes!" cried Tina.  "It's  fantastic.   I feel so dirty, it's so
obscene.  I've never done anything  so  disgusting before...  Can you see,
Mike?  I'm really fucking him.  I'll  have  to  stop or I'll cum!"  With a
great effort of will she  ceased  moving  and  rested  with the dog's cock
still inside her.  She turned to Keiko, her eyes bright and shining...

"It's lovely, Keiko.  I understand  why  you  like it."  Keiko leaned over
and kissed her gently on the mouth.  She caressed her breasts.

"Do you want to see if he fuck you or do you want to cum like that?"

"I'd like to be fucked.  I came  a  long  way for this, I couldn't go home
without being fucked!"  Keiko helped her get off the dog.  Tina knelt down
and licked the dog's prick.  She made  sure  we could all see what she was
doing.

"I can taste myself on him,"  she  said.   Keiko translated and her father
clapped his hands in  glee.   He  was  obviously enjoying Tina's debauched
behaviour.  While she  was  doing  this  Keiko  ran  from  the  room.  She
reappeared moments later bearing two small bags...

"We put these on his paws  and  it  stop  him scratching you," she beamed.
She and her mother  tied  them  onto  the  dog's  front feet like mittens.
Keiko then arranged Tina on  all  fours.   She  took over the dog's collar
from her mother and led it round  Tina's rear.  She spoke words of command
to the dog and it promptly mounted Tina.  She was taken by surprise at the
suddenness of his attack and collapsed  forward.  Keiko pulled the dog off
and they started again.  This time Tina  was ready and held herself rigid.
The dog gripped her thighs with his  covered  paws and I could see why the
mittens were necessary.  The dog began  fucking movements but its cock was
not in Tina's cunt.  It rubbed against her buttocks.

"No, not OK," cried Keiko.  "If he  cum  on  leg he not able to do again."
She pulled the dog back by the  collar  and reached down for his cock.  As
she released the collar she  guided  the  rigid  penis into Tina's waiting
cunt.  This time  it  went  straight  in.   The  dog  fucked  her fast and
furiously.

"God Almighty," Tina  managed,  trying  to  keep  herself  from collapsing
again.  "He's a super fucker.   He  does  it  so  hard and fast."  The dog
panted and made a low moany noise.

"He cumming," said Keiko.  Tina grunted as  she felt the cock jerking deep
inside her.  She tried to move forward  away  from him but his cock seemed
swollen inside her.  After a few  moments,  the dog dismounted himself and
lay down a few feet away.   It  licked its deflating cock.  Keiko's father
spoke and laughed.

"Father say dog like your taste," grinned Keiko.

"I could've cum before, when I was on top, but when he fucked me he didn't
go on long enough for me to get off with him inside," moaned Tina, turning
over to sit on her  bottom.   She  looked  down  between her legs.  We all
followed her gaze and saw the dog spunk running out.  Keiko translated her
last remark.  With a roar her  father  stood  up and threw off his kimono.
He was naked!  He was  stockily  built  and muscular.  His stomach muscles
rippled as he posed with his cock just  inches from Tina's face and what a
cock!  I have seen many cocks but  his  was quite the thickest I have ever
seen.  It was not as long  as  mine  but  the  girth was enormous.  It was
fully erect and stuck up  at  an  angle  of forty-five degrees.  The veins
were blue and distinct, like ropes wound  round the shaft.  The helmet was
engorged with blood and  almost  purple.   The  skin  shone  as the lights
reflected from the stretched surface.  His balls were huge and oval.  They
hung below in a smooth scrotum with hardly any wrinkles.  He spoke harshly
in Japanese.

"My father say he do what dog  did  not,"  said Keiko.  Tina looked at the
huge weapon in awe.  I thought that  if his young daughters could take it,
she should be able to.  She was  probably thinking the same.  She suddenly
lay back on the mattress, opened her cunt  with the rings and looked up at
him defiantly.  He dropped to his knees  and placed the huge helmet at the
entrance to her cunt.  He leant  forwards  to support himself on his hands
and stretched his legs back.  He  looked  down,  raised his body onto just
hands and toes and pushed  his  cock  gently  inwards.  Tina gasped as the
enormous knob slowly stretched her.

"It's huge," she croaked.  Keiko translated.  Her father spoke.

"Father say all girl he fuck  know  it!"   He  grinned down at Tina as his
words were translated.

"Come on then," cried Tina  "Fuck  me  with  it!"   She lifted her body to
his.  No translation was  necessary.   He  plunged  downwards  to her very
core.  Her breath escaped in a  loud  gasp.   Then he started to fuck her.
No part of  him  touched  her  except  for  his  cock.   I  envied him his
athleticism.  He must be very  fit.   Tina's  face turned red.  She gulped
for air but he was relentless.  Her eyes rolled up and she screamed as she
came.  Her body shook uncontrollably and  still  he fucked her.  She cried
out again and opened her eyes in wonder  and then she came again!  He gave
a bellow, dropped to his  knees  and  then withdrew.  Without him touching
it, his cock erupted.  Jets  of  thick  spunk  sprayed  over her body.  It
reached up into her hair.  Dollops  of  the  stuff  landed on her face and
tits and then onto her flat belly, filling her navel.  She raised her head
and watched as it rained down  on  her.   She collected a thick coagulated
dollop on a finger and  brought  it  to  her  mouth.   She savoured it and
swallowed.

"Much nicer and thicker  than  dog  spunk,"  she  smiled  up  at him.  She
collected some more as Keiko translated.  He grinned at her and then knelt
over her body and licked up some  of  his  own cum.  He turned to his wife
who had been sitting cross-legged  all  this  time watching the fuck.  She
tilted her head back and he  dripped  the  thick  mess into her mouth in a
long sticky strand.  She swallowed  it.   He  returned  to Tina's body for
more.

"Fuck ME now, Mike," said Keiko standing up and pulling me up by my hands.
I stood and my cock  rubbed  against  her  belly  and felt wonderful.  She
briefly pressed her hard tits into my  chest  and  then led me over to the
mattress.  There was room for her to  lie  next  to Tina.  She drew up her
legs and I saw her cunt open and ooze mucus which glistened in the lights.
I decided not to attempt the same  fuck  as her father had done but simply
collapsed on top of her in  the  missionary  position.  I inserted my cock
and fucked her gently.  Her cunt  was  slick  but tight.  I felt Tina move
away.

"Turn over," said Keiko,  "I  want  top."   We  rolled  over into the warm
space left by Tina.  Keiko continued  the  fucking movements.  I looked up
straight into her mother's cunt!  She had  stripped off her kimono and was
absolutely naked.  She stood with her  legs  either side of my head facing
my feet.  Looking up, I could see her  face framed by her pointed tits and
their large teats.  They looked big.  Her  legs were smooth and her thighs
firm and taut. Her body was in good shape and her stomach completely flat.
No-one would ever guess she had had  any  children and the lie to this was
still fucking herself on my  prick.   Keiko's mother lowered herself above
my face and I saw the cunt descending.   I  knew I was expected to suck it
and I would enjoy doing so.  The  whole  of her gash was sopping wet.  Her
puckered cunt literally dripped  juice  onto  my  face.   I  could see her
clitoris fully exposed and erect.   Then  her  cunt  enveloped my face.  I
thrust my tongue up into it as far as  I could reach and was rewarded by a
muffled cry.  Thick slimy mucus rolled down over my tongue.  I revelled in
her lust.  I kept my tongue still  and  erect so she could fuck herself on
it.  All the time Keiko was working herself  up and down my cock.  I tried
to concentrate on her mother and not  the  rising orgasm that I could feel
building up below.  Suddenly the urgency passed  and  I knew I could go on
further.  I was enjoying myself!

"Change round," cried Keiko, lifting herself off my cock.  I felt the cold
air on it.  She spoke to  her  mother  in Japanese who then lifted herself
off my cock.  The cunt above my face rose.  Keiko's mother moved round and
squatted over my penis.  I watched  as  she  lowered herself onto it and I
felt her cunt enveloped me.  Once in  position,  she did not move her body
but used her cunt muscles to milk my cock.   It was just as if I was being
sucked off.  She stared at me as  she  did it.  Keiko knelt beside her and
caressed her tits, milking them towards the thick nipples.  Her mother was
a very attractive woman.  I glanced  round  the room.  Tina was sitting on
the couch and Keiko's father  was  sitting  beside  her fondling her tits.
Both were watching us closely.

The sensation in my prick  started  to  grow  again.   I warned them I was
going to cum.  Keiko's mother  began  to  move  slightly more and her cunt
muscles continued to squeeze  me.   She  pressed  her  clitoris down on my
pubic bone.  I could hold out no longer.  I cried out and began pumping my
pent up load into her  cunt.   She  pressed  herself  down  and gave a low
gurgle.  She convulsed and I  felt  her  cunt  contract round my cock.  It
seemed to grip it  as  if  in  a  vice.   The  squeezing muscles dammed my
remaining spunk back and I  could  feel  an  enormous pressure building up
inside my urethra.  The sensation  was  one  I  had  never felt before (or
since).  All at once she relaxed and I shot the rest out with a force that
startled me.  She leant forward and  kissed  me on the mouth genteelly and
without parting her lips.  She  then  stood  up, retrieved her kimono from
the floor and slipped it on.   She  resumed  her  place at the foot of the
chaise longue as if nothing had happened.

Keiko's father stood up, his cock  drooping  before  him.  A thin skein of
spunk hung down from the end.  He  motioned to Keiko who knelt before him.
She began to suck his cock taking  the  whole  of his knob into her mouth.
It grew rapidly and soon  reached  the original proportions.  He indicated
the mattress and spoke some words.

"My father say I not cum so he will do job," she explained.  She adopted a
position on all fours.  Tina and I sat on our original chairs and watched.
He dropped to his knees behind  her  and  took  his cock in his hands.  He
applied the tip  of  his  knob  to  her  crack  and  lunged forwards.  His
enormous helmet penetrated her arse!  Keiko gave not a squeak as he pushed
his cock deep.  He started to fuck her and reached under to feel her cunt.
I think he was stimulating her clit  directly as he fucked her arse.  This
time Keiko could not keep quiet,  she  began  a low moaning, almost like a
chant.  Her voice rose and  fell  as  she  was fucked brutally.  The chant
rose in pitch and became more  animated.   We could hear individual words.
I imagined she was calling  on  him  to  fuck  her harder.  Eventually her
voice rose  to  a  scream  as  she  orgasmed,  falling  forwards  onto her
shoulders.  He did not go with her  but  let  her arse slide off his cock.
As it became exposed, he  came,  shooting  wads  of cum over her buttocks.
His ejaculation was not  so  prolific  as  before  but many men, including
myself, would have been happy with  it  as  a first effort!  He leant over
her back and licked up his own semen.  This time he did not give it to his
wife!

Keiko's father returned to the couch, donned  his kimono and tied it round
his waist,  He helped his wife to her  feet and they bowed to us.  Without
another word they left the room.  Keiko turned over and sat up.

"I think they enjoy very much," she  grinned.  "Thank you for fucking with
them."

"It is us that should thank you," I replied.

"I agree," said Tina,  "That was  the  sexiest  night of my life!  I never
knew I could be so wild."

"You wonderful," said Keiko  getting  to  her  feet  and  cuddling her.  I
looked at my watch; it was one  in the morning!  We retrieved our kimonos.
Keiko had left her's in the dining room.  She darted out and returned with
it on.

"You know way to room?"  she  grinned,  knowing  full  well we didn't.  We
followed her down  the  corridors,  now  dimly  lit,  and  arrived  at our
quarters.  No sooner had we  entered  than  Tailu  appeared.  She spoke to
Keiko in Japanese.

"Tailu say is there anything you  want?"  she  laughed.  She turned to the
girl and gave an order.  Tailu  slipped  off  her servants' wrap and posed
naked.  She was delightful with tiny breast  buds and bare mound.  I could
just see the beginning of her  slit  between her legs.  Keiko spoke again.
The girl crossed to the bed and sat  on  it with her legs wide apart.  Her
cunt lips were almost nonexistent and we could see directly into her hole.
She pushed a finger right up inside and pouted at us.

"Sleep well," grinned Keiko and  was  gone.   We  stood  and looked at the
young girl.

"She's no more than a child," said  Tina   The girl pulled her finger from
her cunt and placed it at  the  rim.   She  brought  her other hand to the
opposite side and  stretched  herself  open!   Her  cunt  showed  pink and
glistened with moisture.  She smiled up  at  us in anticipation.  In spite
of my previous cums I felt my cock growing at the lascivious display.

"Do you fancy her, Mike?" asked Tina turning  to me and kissing me hard on
my mouth.  Her tongue searched for an  entry and slid down my throat.  She
moved her head back..

"Fuck her, Mike.  I want to  see  your  cock  slide into her little cunt!"
She reached for my cock and felt it through my kimono.  "You want to don't
you?"  She kissed me again and  rubbed  herself against my front.  "I want
to suck her first.  I've never sucked  a  small girl before but now I feel
so depraved I want to do  everything."   She  kissed me again and shrugged
her kimono off as she did so.  She stood back naked and ran her hands over
her breasts.

"Oh, Mike.  Will it ever be the  same  after all this?"  She pulled at her
nipples, squeezing them hard and  then  sliding  her fingers off the ends.
She was a picture of lust.  I loved  her.  She moved to the bed.  The girl
sat up expecting to be asked  to  suck  her cunt.  Instead Tina pushed her
onto her back, folded her legs  back  and  applied  her mouth to her slit.
She lay full length half on the floor and slurped at the tiny cunt.

"She tastes divine, Mike.   She's  really  wet  and  sticky.  I'm sure she
loves sex."  I undid my kimono and  threw  it in a corner.  I knelt beside
them my cock erect and swollen.  Tina raised her head.

"You fuck her and I'll see  if  she  will  suck  me at the same time."  We
arranged ourselves accordingly.  The  young  girl  knew  at  once what was
expected of her.   I eased my  cock  into  her tight hole and Tina lowered
her cunt over her face, holding the flaps open with her rings.

"She's so tight, I'm afraid of hurting her," I said.

"She's probably never had such a  long  cock  up  her," said Tina. "But if
Keiko's father has had her she should  be able to take anything!"  I eased
in further and the girl did not protest.  I started to fuck her.

"She knows how to lick cunt too," breathed Tina.  "I think she could bring
me off easily."

"Go on then," I encouraged.  "Have  another  cum.   Drown her in your FUCK
JUICE."

"Oh yes, my JUICE is pouring from my CUNT all into her mouth," cried Tina.
"Shoot your SPUNK up her little CUNT.   Lick my TITS."  She leaned forward
and raised them to my mouth with her  hands.  "Bite my nipples."  I did so
and she went off.

"I'm going to piss," she screamed.  "I can't help it, oh God!"  She raised
her sex and I could hear  her  piss  streaming  out over the little girl's
face.  Now I was cumming.  I shot wads of cum into the tight sheath.

"She's drinking it!" cried Tina.  "She's drinking my piss!"

After a few moments as we all lay still recovering, the little girl got up
and ran from the room.  Within minutes  she was back, dragging a whole new
set of bed  clothes  behind  her.   She  set  about  changing  the bed and
removing the piss soaked sheets that Tina had peed on.  Tina tried to help
but the young girl would have none of it.  Within minutes she had prepared
a clean bed.  Tina and I went  into  the bathroom.  Tina wanted to hold my
cock as I pissed into the toilet.  We sponged down rapidly.

"I'm shattered," said Tina.  She pecked me on the cheek.  I've never had a
day like it!  I've lost count of the number of cums I've had!"

"Probably never have a day  like  it  again."  I said philosophically.  We
returned to the bedroom.  Tailu had turned the sheets down ready,  We slid
in.  The young girl disappeared without turning the lights off.

"Where's the switch?" I asked looking  round.  Tailu returned with a small
bundle of bedding.  She rolled it  out  in  a  corner and skipped into the
bathroom.

"It looks as if she is going to sleep with us," Tina whispered.

"Oh, no, no privacy," I moaned.   "What  if  I  wanted  to fuck you in the
night?"  Tina kicked  my  shin.   Tailu  reappeared  and  the light dimmed
mysteriously to a faint  glow.   She  climbed  into  her  bed.  Tina and I
embraced and I felt her hard tits  against  my chest.  She slid her smooth
thigh between my legs.   My  cock  twitched  but  in  another minute I was
asleep!

--
