Archive-name: Bestial/se_kko-2.txt
Archive-author: Scrivener Eidolon
Archive-title: Keiko - 2


4

We both woke up together.   The  sun  was  streaming though the window.  I
looked at my watch, it was nine o'clock.  I remembered the girl and raised
my head to look at the corner where she had slept.  It was bare.  I turned
to Tina and ran my hand over her hard tits.

"What a night," she murmured.  "Did I  really  do all the things I think I
did or was it all a dream?"

"You were absolutely out of this world,"  I  said.  "I have never seen you
so turned on."

"I feel very satisfied.  I'm so  pleased  I  managed to fuck the dog, it's
something I have wanted  to  try  for  ages.   It  was  super.   I felt so
perverted  but  it  turned  me  on   even  more!"   Our  conversation  was
interrupted by the return of Tailu who  was  carrying a tray which she put
down on the table.  She was back in her regulation wrap.  She turned to us
and bowed solemnly.  She  left  again  and  was  back  within minutes with
another tray.  She poured tea into some small cups and indicated we should
get up and sit by the table.  We slid out of the bed and stood up.

"I must have a  pee  before  breakfast,"  said  Tina.   She crossed to the
bathroom closely followed by the young  girl.   I slipped my kimono on and
sat down on the floor by the  table.   Tailu  had brought a teapot and hot
water and some puffy pastries  rather  like  French croissants.  There was
also a bowl of fruit containing oranges, grapes and some oval green things
about the size of lemons.  I helped  myself to a croissant.  Tina returned
still naked.  She seemed to glow sex.

"The girl even wipes my  cunt  after  I've  peed," she said, quite amazed.
Tailu found Tina's kimono  and  held  it  while  she  slipped it on.  Tina
joined me and we tucked in.  The green  fruits turned out to be like large
gooseberries but much sweeter and juicier.  Tailu kept our teacups filled.
I refused any more after the third.

"I'll be pissing all morning," I said.

"I might like that," grinned Tina.  "Here  everybody seems to piss on each
other.  When we get back I shall  want  you  to  do it to me.  We've never
tried that before."  I  felt  my  cock  start  to  fill  with blood at the
thought.  This week-end was turning Tina into  a  nympho and me into a sex
maniac!

I wanted to shave.  I got my disposable razor out of my sponge bag.  Tailu
was horrified and grabbed it from me.   Then she was mortified by what she
had done and  dropped  to  the  floor  with  her  forehead  on  my toes in
supplication.  I helped her up.  She  looked  at me with pleading eyes and
then ran from the room.

"What's with her?" I asked Tina.

"She obviously doesn't want you  to  shave,"  she replied.  Tailu returned
with another tray.  On it was a steaming  jug, some bottles of fluid and a
large cut-throat razor.

"She wants to shave you herself!" said Tina.

"Not with that thing!" I protested.  Tailu pulled me into the bathroom and
made me sit on a chair.   She  expertly  threw  a  towel round my neck and
proceeded to make a lather in the  mug.   Tina came to watch.  Tailu began
to shave me.  Her touch was so  light  that I wondered if she was actually
achieving anything.  I looked at her young face.  She was concentrating so
hard, her brow furrowed into lines.   When  she  had finished she dried my
face in a warm towel and  then  sprinkled  some fluid from the bottle into
her hands.  She applied it to my  face.   It felt cool and stung slightly.
The smell was light and refreshing.  She  stood  back and beamed at me.  I
felt my skin.  It was  as  smooth  as  her  bottom.   I grinned at her and
thanked her.  She bowed low and  cleared  up  her things.  Tina rubbed her
face on my cheek and  put  her  thumb  up  to  Tailu.   It was a universal
language  and  she  understood  perfectly.   She  skipped  from  the  room
obviously pleased with our praise.

"I could go for that after-shave," said Tina.

"Perhaps you're supposed to," I grinned.   We  both had a shower and Tailu
came back and dried us both as before.  My cock lengthened at her touch.

Keiko bounced into the room.  She  was  wearing  a thin cotton T-shirt and
shorts.  Her lovely thighs were naked  and  she  wore nothing on her feet.
She was carrying a riding crop.  She looked quite superb.  Her tits thrust
onto the sheer material and I  could  easily  make out the dark circles of
her areolae and the peaks of her nipples.

"We're going riding," she cried.  She  looked at Tina  "Have you forgotten
you wanted to see the horses too!  I  feel like fucking the biggest one we
can find!"  She took a swipe at Tailu's buttocks with her crop.  The young
girl stifled a yell.

"I hope Tailu been looking after  you  properly," she giggled.  She turned
to me more seriously.  "My father want you punish girl who would not drink
your piss yesterday.  She get ten  strokes  with this."  She proffered the
crop.  "He say wronged person always be best one to punish wrongdoer."

"It was my fault, not hers," I  protested again.  I had hoped the incident
had been forgotten.

"Father say he not let her  go  without  punishment  or it bad for others.
You must do as he say or he very offended."

"What clothes shall we wear?" asked Tina.  "Can we wear the things we came
in yesterday?"

"Yes, they quite OK.  We mostly wear jeans and things except in evenings."
Tina looked about for her clothes.  Neither  hers or mine were anywhere to
be seen.

"Ask Tailu for them," said Keiko.   She  suddenly remembered that we could
not do so and spoke to  Tailu  herself.   The young girl scampered out and
returned with our clothes  in  a  small  pile.   They  had been washed and
ironed and smelt beautifully fresh.   Tailu  and  Keiko watched while Tina
and I dressed.

"Your cock even long when  it  down,"  said  Keiko.   As we left the room,
Tailu kneeled  and  bowed  to  the  ground.  We  followed  Keiko  down the
corridors again and came out in a large square room.  The roof was made of
straw mats fixed to a frame of bamboo poles.  The walls were made of light
vertical wood strips tied together with  raffia.  They were not as high as
the roof and bright light from the reflected sunlight streamed in over the
top.  A table had  been  propped  up  at  angle  and  the hapless girl was
splayed out on it naked face down, her wrists and ankles tied to the legs.
Her body was thin and her  buttocks  almost  boy-like.  Hugo stood next to
her and waited.  He bowed to me as  we entered.  I looked round, there was
no-one else in sight.  Hugo spoke.  Keiko translated.

"He say girl is ready to receive  your punishment.  His Master, my father,
say she get ten lashes but you  are  quite welcome to increase that if you
think she deserves it."  I opened my mouth to speak.  Tina knew what I was
going to say and kicked me on  the  ankle."  Instead I just nodded.  Keiko
gave me the crop.

"Hit her hard or she not respect you,"  she advised.  I raised my hand and
brought the crop hard down across  the  girl's buttocks  She made no sound
but a livid mark appeared.

Hugo counted in Japanese.  I hit her again.  She whimpered.  And again.  I
began to feel my cock erecting.  I was enjoying it!  The young girl looked
so helpless and  appealing.   I  hesitated.   She  turned  her  head in my
direction and stared at me defiantly.   I  hit her again.  Her eyes filled
with tears.  She began to  writhe  and  rub  herself  on the table.  I was
astounded, she seemed to be  turned  on  by  the  punishment too!  I moved
round to see  between  her  legs  and  into  her  cunt.   It  was  wet and
glistening!  I hit her again.  My cock was now fully erect and tenting out
my jeans.

"She likes it!" whispered Tina in awe.

"Hit her in cunt," cried  Keiko,  fingering  herself blatantly through her
shorts and taking no notice of Hugo's  interest.   I tried to but the crop
landed on the upper surface of her thigh.  I aligned myself straighter and
tried again.  The swishy cane came down   perfectly and hit the girl right
in her crack.  She screamed out in Japanese.

"She want more like that," said Keiko.

Hugo growled some words.

"He say she supposed to be receiving punishment," said Keiko.

I hit the girl again as before  but  with more vehemence.  The crop made a
dull thud as it landed right over her arsehole.  She screamed.

"Fuck her with handle,"  said  Keiko,  still  rubbing  herself between the
legs.  I took the handle and pushed  it into the girl's dripping cunt.  It
slid up the tight tube and  I  felt  it  reach  her cervix.  Before, I was
reluctant to hurt her, now I  wanted  to.   I  fucked  the crop in and out
mercilessly, slapping her buttocks hard with the  flat of my hand.  A deep
redness spread over them criss-crossed with  the  weals I had made before.
Suddenly the girl screamed  and  convulsed  wildly,  pulling at her bonds.
Hugo whipped out his cock  and  brought  it  to  the girl's mouth!  It was
huge.  I had never seen such  a  cock  before.   I was quite amazed at the
size of Keiko's father's but Hugo's was  in  a  class of its own.  For any
size of man it would be big  but  for  the small Japanese it was enormous.
Again it was the knob that was  large.   It was out of proportion with the
rest of his penis, as big as two ripe plumbs welded together and about the
same colour.  He started masturbating  the  shaft  moving the blood up and
down the thick purple veins as he did so.  The girl stared at it, her eyes
wide.

"That was very good," whispered  Keiko,  ignoring  Hugo.   "You hit her so
well it almost made me  cum too!"

"It certainly made me wet too," said  Tina,  watching Hugo try to fuck the
girl's mouth.

"So now you ready to fuck horse,"  grinned  Keiko  and ran out of the open
doorway at the end of the  building.   Tina  and  I followed.  As we left,
Hugo was covering the girl's face  with  torrents  of spunk.  I turned and
looked at the outside of the building.   The  sun was dazzling but I could
see the line of servant girls arranged  round  the outside of the wall and
looking over the top.  Those not tall  enough to see over were standing on
bales.  I caught  a  glimpse  of  Tailu.   Everything  had been witnessed!
Keiko turned and saw me staring.

"Others must watch punishment  or  they  not  learn,"  she said seriously.
"Come on."  She ran  off  down  a  path  bordered  with flowers and exotic
shrubs.  I had never seen anything like them before.  Long stems curved up
over the body of the plant and ended in a large flower hanging down almost
like a lantern.  I would have liked  to  examine them closer but Keiko was
running away from us.  I grabbed Tina's hand and we ran after her.

We  arrived  at  the  stables,  a  long  low  single-story  building  with
traditional stalls for the horses.  There were about twenty stalls in all,
some with the doors open and  the  occupants  out somewhere, some with the
bottom door shut and the horse looking out  at us over the top.  Some were
completely closed.  Keiko led the  way  past  them  all  and into a taller
building at the end.  It was a barn  with  bales of hay stacked to the low
roof.  A ladder went up through a hole in the ceiling to the floor above.

"My brother and me had good time  up there," giggled Keiko pointing to the
ceiling.  We were  joined  by  a  thin  wiry  man  looking  incongruous in
jodhpurs and a shirt unbuttoned at the  neck.  He fawned round Keiko.  She
gave him rapid orders in  Japanese.   He  almost  grovelled before her and
then withdrew backwards out of the door.

"I  tell  him,  'Clear  all  servants   from  stables  and  bring  in  two
stallions'," said Keiko.  We  could  hear  the  man  barking orders to the
stable lads.  "They all know what we gonna do but I not give them pleasure
to watch," she added harshly.  She  turned  as  two young girls led in the
horses by a bridle round their  necks.   Keiko  stood  up to each horse in
turn and held its head.  She  breathed  down  its nostrils and spoke to it
quietly in Japanese.   The  effect  on  the  horses  was  startling.  They
nuzzled round Keiko's  neck  and  face  almost  as  if  kissing  her.  She
gestured to the girls who dropped  the  halters and fled, closing the door
behind them.  Keiko stripped off her T-shirt  and pulled one of the horses
heads to her breasts.  It seemed to nibble  at her tits and then lick them
with its massive tongue.

"Oh, yes, Mirashami, I love you  and  you  love me don't you?" she purred.
The other horse tried to join in  and  nuzzled her other breast.  "And you
Hotoshami, I love you too.  I want you both meet friend of mine, this Tina
from England."  She turned their  heads  in  Tina's direction.  "Strip off
Tina," she ordered.  Tina  did  so,  taking  off  everything.  Leaving the
larger horse, Mirashami,  Keiko  led  the  other  over  to  where Tina was
standing.  "Breathe into his nostrils,  Tina."   Tina did as she suggested
and the horse whinnied.  Keiko pushed his head down to Tina's tits and the
horse nuzzled round them.  Tina stiffened.

"Don't be frightened, Tina," said Keiko.   "He expect you dominate him and
tell him what do."

"But he's so big and he's got great big teeth," grinned Tina.

"Watch me," said Keiko.  "There is no  danger.   The horse know I give him
pleasure so he not hurt me."  She  bent  down and stripped off her shorts.
She then climbed up on  a  bale  of  hay  and  spread  her legs wide.  She
masturbated herself rapidly with two fingers, spreading her juice onto her
mound and thighs.  "I really wet  after  watching you and girl," she said.
"The horses know smell of cunt and know it means they will soon cum."

She called Mirashami over  in  Japanese.   The  horse  trundled across and
stood before her sniffing the air.  Keiko spoke to it again and opened her
legs wide.  The horse bent  and  seemed  to  sniff  at her cunt.  Its cock
began to elongate rapidly!  From being hardly visible it grew to a massive
organ at least two feet long and  hung  down underneath in a gentle curve,
The shaft was as thick as  my  arm  and  variegated in colour.  Unlike the
dog's cocks, the knob was clearly defined  and bigger than my fist.  Keiko
hopped down from the bale and led him  over to a post holding up the roof.
She tied his halter to it.

"That stop him turning round,"  she  explained.   "Some people tie horses'
legs back when they fuck but I  have  never need do that.  They stay still
and let me do it 'cause  they  know  I'm  friend."  She moved round to the
horse's side and stroked his  flank  in  large  sweeps.  His cock remained
hanging down and huge.  Keiko  squatted  next  to  him and reached for it.
She brought it out to the side  and  rubbed  the massive knob on her tits.
She poked one of her thickening nipples right into the slit on the end!

"I love horse cock" she said.  "They so  big and long."  She brought it to
her mouth and licked it  repeatedly  like  a  large  lollipop.  She was so
obscene.  I had to adjust my cock.  Keiko saw me..

"Get it out, Mike," she said.   "I  want  to  watch you rub it.  Get naked
like us."  I threw off my clothes and stood naked, my cock superbly erect.
I jacked it up and down a few  times.  Tina watched, her hand busy between
her legs.

"That it," said Keiko.  "I turn you on suck horse cock?  Watch now.."  She
lifted the massive knob and poked her  tongue right into the large slit in
the end.  "See that?  I get tongue  right  in."  She did it again.  "I rub
it on cunt or arsehole but it too big to get right in.  My mother can take
horse cock!"  She let go of the large organ and pulled a bale of hay under
the horse.  She lay on it  on  her  back  and manoeuvred herself until her
body was right under the horse's belly.  She grabbed his shaft and brought
the enormous helmet between her legs then she rubbed it on her cunt!

"Now I feel it.  It soft and it rub on clit.  I think I cum."  She speeded
up the  rubbing.   "Oh  yes,  I  cum."   She  cried  out  in  Japanese and
convulsed, nearly falling off the bale.

"Oh, that big one," she grinned.  "It much better when friends watch."

"That was marvellous, Keiko,"  enthused  Tina,  still masturbating gently.
"Does the horse ever cum?"

"Of course he cum!  When he cum it like hose with milk.  Some girl who see
me do it before think horse piss!  I  make  him cum now then you have go."
She turned to the horse  again.   Its  erection  was  as big as ever.  She
pulled the bale of hay aside.

"I sit underneath and do  it,  that  way  you  see  best."  She sat on the
ground facing the horse's cock and started  to  rub both hands up and down
his shaft.  She couldn't circle  it  even  with  two  spans.  She made her
hands work together.  The horse moved its position and she had to readjust
hers.  She worked continuously on the  massive cock.  The horse started to
make odd breathing sounds.

"He cum soon,"  said  Keiko.   She  pointed  the  knob  directly  over her
forehead.  Suddenly, without any further warning, a stream of semen poured
from the horse all over her head and  face.  She directed it down over her
breasts and body.  I could see what  she  meant.  It looked just as if the
horse was pissing white.  It flowed over her face and tits and between her
legs forming a large puddle on the floor!

Keiko crawled out and stood up.  She  was  covered with spunk from head to
toe!  It dripped from her chin  and  the  tips of her breasts.  Her thighs
were white with slime.  She was exultant.

"What you think?" she cried.  "What I look like?"  She licked her lips and
took in some spunk that was about to drip from them."

"Positively obscene," I  said  grinning.   God,  why  didn't  I  bring the
camera.  What a picture she would  make.   She massaged the sperm all over
her body and tits.

"Come here and let  me  rub  some  on  you,"  she  said approaching me.  I
cuddled her to me feeling the warm  horse  spunk coating my body.  My cock
pressed up against her flat belly.   She raised her spunk-covered face for
a kiss.  I obliged, tasting the  salty  sperm  round her mouth.  Tina came
over and cuddled us both..

"How about me?  I want to do it now."

"Tina, of  course!   Forgive  me,  I  very  rude  and  think  just  of own
pleasure," cried Keiko.  "I  neglect  duties  as  hostess.   What would my
father say!"  She untied Mirashami  and  replaced  him with Hotoshami.  He
was not such a big horse but still formidable.

"Make love to him first and  let  him  smell your cunt," said Keiko.  Tina
nuzzled round the horse's neck and it responded, pressing its head against
her body.  Tina reached between her legs and collected some juice from her
dripping cunt.  She rubbed it  over  her  breasts  and the horse licked it
off!  His tongue was enormous!

"That good," encouraged Keiko.  "He like  it.   See his cock.  Tina leaned
sideways and looked under  the  horse.   Its  cock  was getting longer and
hanging down.

"That enough," said Keiko.   "Now  rub  his  cock.   Tina knelt beside the
horse and gingerly reached for the large prick.

"Get under, he quite safe.  He  not  stand  on you," said Keiko.  Tina was
obviously not so sure  about  that  but  eased  herself under slowly.  She
rubbed the horse's knob over her tits.

"Lick it, Tina!"   I  was  not  sure  if  I  had  really  said  it!  I was
encouraging my girl-friend to lick  the  horse's cock.  How perverse!  But
she did as I suggested!  She licked all  round the end of the massive knob
and grinned out at me totally shameless.   She crawled out.

"If you stand next him and bend over,  I  get his cock to reach you," said
Keiko.  She arranged  Tina  facing  forwards  standing  beside the horse's
flank with her buttocks  level  with  the  root  of  its cock.  She pushed
Tina's shoulders down and then squatted beside her.  She grabbed the horse
cock and brought the  large  helmet  sideways  and  then up between Tina's
legs.  Tina shuffled back slightly more.   I  changed positions so I could
see the large shaft pressing up against  Tina's  crack.  It looked as if a
giant was fucking her between  her  thighs.   She worked herself backwards
and forwards on it.

"I can feel that on my cunt,"  she  squealed.  "Try it against my arsehole
now," she directed  after  a  while.   She  leaned  forward slightly more.
Keiko adjusted the angle and Tina pressed back.

"Oh, God, Mike.  I can feel  it  on  my  arse.  Hold it still, Keiko.  I'm
going to try and fuck a  bit  on  it.   She strained backwards against the
massive knob.  "Its stretching my arse, but  I don't think I can take it."
The horse whinnied and shied back on his halter.

"OK, Hotoshami," said  Keiko  and  muttered  some  more  soothing words in
Japanese.  "Try again," she said to Tina.  Tina forced herself back again.
I had tried to fuck her arsehole on several occasions and although she had
taken all of me she did  not  seem  to  enjoy  it.  But here she was being
stretched beyond imagination and  doing  it  herself!  Keiko reached under
and began to masturbate her.

"I can feel it  rubbing  round  the  rim  of  my  arse,"  cried Tina.  Her
forehead was running in sweat.   Suddenly  she  jerked about in orgasm and
screamed.  Keiko rubbed the horse's  shaft  rapidly  and  he came too.  He
drenched the whole of Tina's rear  with  floods of cum like whitewash.  It
splashed all over Keiko who was  covered  with  horse's semen for a second
time!

Suddenly there was a loud thump in the  hay next to us and a startled face
looked up.  A young boy had fallen from the loft above.  He was completely
naked and his small cock stuck out  fully erect.  Keiko screamed at him in
rage.  He cowered down in fear  and  mumbled in Japanese.  I estimated him
to be no more than twelve.

"He say he alone up there  but  you  make  sure, Mike," Keiko directed.  I
shinned up the ladder.  The upper loft was empty except for some sacks.

"All clear, "I said conscious of my cock swaying as I climbed down.  Keiko
jabbered the the boy.  She lay  down  on  the  hay  and she made him kneel
beside her.

"I tell him if he want look, he  do  it close," she grinned.  "He lick all
horse spunk off me and then I think  what  I do with him."  The boy licked
Keiko's tits clean of all the white  sperm.  "Clean all over," said Keiko.
"And in here" she parted her legs  wide  and showed him her dripping cunt.
He licked it.

"Keiko, can I suggest what we could  do  to him to punish him," said Tina,
her eyes sparking and glancing at me.   Keiko  looked up at her.  "I think
Mike ought to fuck  him!   It's  one  thing  I've  never  seen  him do.  I
sometimes dream about it and cum in  my  sleep."  Keiko pushed the boy off
and sat up.

"I think that very good idea.  I  like  see him do that too."  They looked
at me.  What could I say?  They had just been so abandoned and entertained
me, I could hardly refuse them!  I  nodded.   Anyway I had not cum and the
boy was very attractive!  He was  slightly  built  and had a thick head of
jet black hair which fell over his  face  in a tousled mess.  Keiko barked
an order and he bent  forward  over  a  bale  with  his bottom in the air.
Keiko slapped him hard on the buttocks.

"You do it, Tina.  Let him see  it  wrong to spy on people."  Tina slapped
the boy with such ferocity that  she  left  an  imprint of her hand on his
buttock.  He whimpered but was trying  to  be brave.  Keiko beckoned to me
and I approached from the rear.   It  was  a combined effort: Keiko pulled
the boy's buttocks apart, Tina placed my  knob against his arsehole, and I
plunged it in.  The boy cried  out  but  I  was  sure he had been buggered
before.  I imagined Keiko's  father  forcing  his  great  knob up the tiny
arse.

"Push it right in," said Tina watching my cock sink in.  "FUCK  HIM, Mike.
Shoot your SPUNK up his lovely little  arse."   I got into a steady rhythm
and felt my juice start to rise.  "Come on, Mike," she encouraged me.  "Do
lots of it 'cause I'm gonna suck it out afterwards.  I want to suck it out
his arsehole and get all your thick cum in my mouth!"  Her filthy talk got
me off.  I shot deep into the  boy's  arse jetting my come out with force.
I felt elated, I was as depraved as the girls.

Tina laid on her back and Keiko arranged the boy squatting over her mouth.
She told him to strain.   Tina  opened  his  arse  with her fingers and my
spunk began to drip out.  Tina licked  at him and swallowed it noisily.  I
wondered if she tasted his shit  as  well.  Keiko reached round and wanked
the boy hard.  He tensed up  and  convulsed  but no spunk came out.  Keiko
sucked his cock...

"Now we go for swim,"  shouted  Keiko  suddenly.   She grabbed the pile of
clothes, opened the barn doors and ran naked through the trees and through
a gap in a  tall hedge.   Tina  and  I  followed equally naked.  We had no
choice as she had taken our  clothes!   We  entered a secluded part of the
garden.  A wall of the house with  a  patio and open doors formed one side
of the area and the tall  hedge  the  other three.  It overlapped where we
had come in giving total privacy from the paddock.  A modern swimming pool
occupied the centre and was surrounded on all sides by a wide well-trimmed
lawn.  Keiko dropped the clothes, ran to  the pool's edge and plunged into
the blue water.  We followed suit.

A man's voice  shouted  angrily  in  Japanese.   Keiko's  father  had been
sitting on a chair in the shade unnoticed  by us.  He crossed to the pool.
He was wearing only a shapeless white cloth between his legs rather like a
large baby's nappy.  He spoke again, obviously cross.

"My father say I bad to bring  you  across from the stable with no clothes
on.  The servants all see you  naked!"    Her  father stood on the edge of
the pool with  his  arms  crossed,  looking  stern.   His  hair  was taken
straight back and held in place  by  a  round  clip.  I opened my mouth to
speak but Keiko gestured me to keep  quiet.  She answered him in Japanese.
He suddenly grinned widely and asked a  question, his voice rising high at
the end of the sentence.

"My father say did we have  nice  fuck?"   said Keiko grinning and washing
the slime and dirt from her  body.   Her father suddenly dived neatly over
her head and into the pool.

"My father main exercise swimming," explained  Keiko as he swam powerfully
up and down.  We splashed away as her father maintained a steady pace.  We
had all climbed out and were sitting on the lawn drying off by the time he
got out and came over to us.  His loincloth was now almost transparent and
we could see the shape of his large  knob.  He stood above us and spoke to
Keiko.  She replied to each question.

"My father ask what we been doing.  He interested in Mike fucking boy.  He
very cross about boy spying on us.   Now  he ask if Mike like fuck animal.
Girls all fuck animal but not Mike.  He say fuck animal nice for men too!"

"Oh, that's a super idea," cried Tina.  "Why do we always think of animals
fucking us  and  not  men  fucking  them.   I'd  love  to  see  Mike  fuck
something."  Her eyes sparkled with interest.   I  was not so sure.  Keiko
translated.

We were interrupted by Hugo coming  across  the lawn.  He bowed to Keiko's
father and the two held a rapid conversation.  They looked at me.

"Hugo ask my father about  Nakatawi  -  she  the  girl you just whip.  She
plead to be your servant for the rest  of  the time you here.  She say she
very sorry for what she did.  She  say  you  do anything to her and it OK.
She want you shit on her as she  been so bad."  Keiko's father spoke again
and waved his had at Hugo in dismissal.  Hugo walked backward a few paces,
bowed and then slipped out through  the  gap  in the hedge.  A few minutes
later, Nakatawi appeared.   She  was  looking  beautiful  and  wearing the
regulation wrap.  She led a female  goat  by  a  rope round its neck.  She
nodded to Keiko's father  but  fell  to  her  knees  in  front  of me, her
forehead on the ground.  Her jet black hair shone in the sun.  I was still
sitting on the grass.  I looked at Keiko..

"How can I tell her to get up if I don't speak any Japanese?"

"You could pull her up by  hair  or  just  kick her over," suggested Keiko
sarcastically.  I was horrified.  "She  want  to  be your slave and expect
you to treat her badly.  She is  a  low  servant and only fit to be pissed
on.  She has to earn her, how you say when she get higher up in house?"

"Promotion?" suggested Tina.  Keiko nodded.  Her father spoke and the girl
cowered down.

"Father say he got goat for you  fuck,  Mike.   If you rather fuck girl he
understand and will have goat himself to show how it done."

"Please fuck it Mike," said Tina.  "I  want  to see you fuck it."  My cock
was droopy and I pointed it out.

"Get girl make you stiff, then fuck  goat," suggested Keiko.  She spoke to
the girl and then her father.   He  nodded and remained standing, his arms
folded.  The girl let go of the  goat which began cropping the grass.  She
stood and untied her  sash.   She  began  a  sensuous dance, caressing her
breasts through the material of her  wrap  and  running her hands over her
thighs.  She stopped, facing us, and  brought  her  hands up the inside of
her thighs pulling the hem of her wrap up with them.  Her legs were smooth
and appealing.  She showed us her sex  contained  in a pair of brief beige
panties the same colour as  the  wrap.   She  thrust  her mound out at me,
framing it with her hands.  She then let  her dress go and did a cartwheel
on the grass.  Again we  glimpsed  her  vulval  area  as the material fell
away.  She opened the top  of  the  wrap  and produced a wonderful teenage
breast.  She gazed at me as  she  caressed  it  and pulled the nipple out.
She let the wrap open further and showed  us the other one.  She raised it
and bent her head right down.  She  was  about an inch short of being able
to lick it but that  was  not  her  intention:  she  spat a long string of
saliva over it and then spread  it  over  the nipple and areola..  She now
looked even younger and I revised my opinion of her age.  She could not be
more then fourteen.  She  was  superbly  brazen  playing  with her tits in
front of us and my cock began to  respond.  She raised her head and looked
at me; at the same time she  shrugged  off  the garment and it fell to the
floor.  She was naked except for  her tiny regulation panties.  She thrust
her breasts out in my direction.   The  sunlight  glistened on the one she
had spat on.  They were really superb,  young and firm and with the areola
swollen as well.  I had thought how  beautiful they were when I first felt
them, and pissed on them,  but now,  in  the  open with the sun shining on
them, they were absolutely magnificent.  It  was  not so much the size but
their shape.  As she moved, the flesh did not distort but stayed solid and
firm.  She opened  her  legs  wide  and  stroked  her  hand  between them,
emphasising her crack.  She pouted at  me  and  licked her lips.  She bent
and removed her  panties.   Her  small,  provocatively  convex,  mound was
trimmed the same as Keiko's with a band of dark hair down the middle.  She
sat on the grass, pulled her legs back  beside her head and then eased her
shoulders through them.  Her whole sex  was tilted up and totally exposed.
She worked her armpits further  up  her  thighs  and formed herself into a
tight ball.  Her narrow buttocks rose off  the  surface of the lawn and we
could see the still livid stripes across them.  Keiko's father spoke.

"He say you hit her well.  Marks will be there long time."

The girl's arms were free to play  with  her sex.  She opened herself wide
with her fingers and showed  us  her  cunt.   It was oozing moisture.  She
stretched her arse open and we could see the pink interior.  She allowed a
finger to stray inside.  I was now  very stiff.  This young girl's display
was highly erotic.  She moved back to the top of her cunt and skinned back
the clitoral hood.  Her tiny clitoris  showed erect and red.  She strained
herself into an even tighter ball and brought her face over her slit.  She
opened her mouth.  I saw her stomach  muscles tighten and a small fountain
of piss rose into the air.  She  adjusted  her position so that it entered
her mouth!  She swallowed rapidly with  her  mouth held open.  I was quite
amazed at the sight.  It was another  new  amongst so many new things this
week-end. I glanced over at Keiko's father.  He was very interested in her
performance.  Tina had a hand between  her  legs covering her cunt but not
playing with it directly.

The girl finished pissing and pulled at her clitoris directly, managing to
get it to elongate into a tiny  pencil  shape.  She pushed herself into an
even tighter ball, extended her tongue fully and licked her own clitoris!!
Keiko's father roared his approval.  His cock was now erect and tenting up
the front of his garment.  The  material  was  tight over his knob and the
purple colour showed through.   I  was  equally  erect.   I had never seen
anything like this.  The girl must be double-jointed.  She looked up at us
and managed a smile.  I leapt  to  my  feet  my cock immense and waving in
front of me.  I knelt in  front  of  her  and  brought my knob to her open
arse.  I penetrated it deeply.   She  looked  at  me, her face only inches
from mine and still dripping with piss.  I licked it off her.

"You said you would fuck the  goat,"  moaned  Tina.  I pulled my cock from
the girl's arse, ran over to the goat  and lifted her tail.  She moved off
and away.  Nakatawi unfolded  herself  and  ran  after  it.   She held the
halter tight.  Keiko came over and  held  the  tail up while I located the
goat's cunt.  I rammed my cock inside.   It  felt very like a girl's cunt,
wet and tight.  I fucked her hard.  The goat didn't seem to care and still
tried to crop the lush grass.  Tina came close and watched.

"Oh that's so good," she  cried.   "I  can  see  why you like watching me.
Fuck her, Mike.  Do it hard."  She was now masturbating with three fingers
shoved up her twat.  I watched her  and felt my orgasm building.  I fucked
hard as Tina requested but when I knew I was going to cum I pulled out and
spewed out my hot my whole load over Nakatawi's face and breasts.  She was
overjoyed.   I knelt before her and licked  it all off again making sure I
ran my tongue over her  lovely  tits  and  hard  nipples.  She squirmed in
pleasure.  I pushed her onto her  back  and  raised my body over her.  She
helped me insert my slightly deflated  cock  into her quim.  I fucked her.
I was determined to bring her off  before  my cock went right down but the
combination of her tight  cunt  and  encouraging  moans  gave my prick new
life.  I felt it swelling again!  I  knew  I could fuck her for ever.  She
gasped with the ferocity of my attack.   She  was  building up to a cum; I
could feel it.  I fucked her hard, ramming my cock as deep as it would go.
The hardness of her cervix rubbed against my knob.  She suddenly went limp
and began a long drawn out moan  rather  like Keiko had the day before.  I
could feel her cunt repeatedly gripping my cock as she went off.  I kissed
her on the mouth and she kissed  me  back pressing her closed lips on mine
and ramming her cunt against my cock.  We rolled sideways on the ground.

We watched as Keiko's father suddenly  leapt into action.  He grabbed Tina
and threw her to the ground  on  her  face.   He  lifted her buttocks to a
kneeling position and spat a  long  string  of  viscous saliva between her
buttocks.  He produced his enormous thick  cock  from the leg of the nappy
garment and placed the knob against  her  arse.   He raised his voice to a
shriek.

"My father say do you want it?" said Keiko translating quickly and looking
on in awe.

"Yes," screamed Tina.  He  knew  the  word  and  plunged his enormous cock
forwards.  It split Tina's  bottom.   She  squealed  in  pain.  He took no
notice  but  rammed  himself  deep  within.    He  began  a  steady  fuck,
masturbating her cunt and clitoris at the  same time.  Tina cried out half
in pain and half in rut.   Keiko  knelt  beside  her and caressed her hard
tits.  They both worked to bring her  off.  Tina's face was contorted.  He
shouted at her.  She began to shake and then went rigid.

"Oh, God," she cried.

He  went  for  another,  and   again   she  responded,  her  body  jerking
uncontrollably.  He pulled out his  cock  dripping  with blood and juices.
Keiko knew what was wanted and placed  her head over Tina's buttocks.  She
opened her mouth and he shot his  sperm  straight into it in massive jets.
She swallowed and received some more  on  her lips.  She opened them again
and got another mouthful.  This time she held onto it and rolled Tina onto
her back.  She bent over her  and  kissed  her.  Tina wanted the spunk and
opened her mouth wide.  Keiko  let  her  father's  semen flow out down her
throat.  He stood and watched,  his  cock  dripping  a  long rope of thick
spunk.  Nakatawi crawled over to  him  and  caught  it  in her mouth.  She
squeezed his shaft up towards  his  knob  with  both hands and licked some
more as it oozed from his slit.  She  looked up and saw his scowling face.
She prostrated  herself  before  him  and  crawled  backwards.   He  spoke
rapidly.  She raised her face and gazed at him in awe.  Keiko looked up at
me.

"My father say he very pleased  with  Nakatawi.   He make her No.3 servant
girl."  Nakatawi crawled towards her master again and kissed his feet.  He
bent and raised her to a  standing  position.   He  turned her round in my
direction and slapped her gently on  her  bottom.   He spoke again and she
came to my side.  She dropped down next to me, sitting on her haunches and
waiting expectantly.

"My father tell her look after you until you leave."

Keiko's father turned his  attention  to  Tina.   He  knelt beside her and
turned her on her side.  He examined her arse and spoke again.

"Father say your arsehole torn slightly.  He  sorry but you did ask him to
do it."

"Tell him I accept it was my  fault  and  I loved it," replied Tina.  "The
pain was amazing, it made me have  a  bigger  cum than I ever had before."
Keiko translated.  Her father grinned,  grabbed  Tina  under her knees and
arms and lifted her effortlessly off the  ground.  He carried her into the
house.

"I think he ask doctor to see her and make sure she OK," said Keiko.  "She
looked at me.  "Nakatawi is good," she  said.   "I did  not know she could
lick own cunt.  She very lucky.  I wish I could do with mine."

I had to agree...  "I think she  is  wonderful.  That display was so horny
it certainly got me going again.  I've never  cum so much as I have in the
last two days."

Keiko spoke to Nakatawi.  She smiled  at  me  and even had the temerity to
put her tongue out at me  and  thrust  out  her tits.  They were still wet
with my spunk.  Even after all the sex I had recently, her reaction caused
my cock to twitch.  She was  so  young  and  desirable  and now I knew she
could lick her own cunt!

Keiko's mother called us to the  patio  table  which  had been laid with a
buffet meal.  She frowned at me and pointed at my cock.  Nakatawi ran over
to the pile of clothes and retrieved  my  jeans.   She held them for me to
step into and tucked my cock  into  them,  caressing the length as she did
so.  Her eyes sparkled as they  met  mine.  Keiko's mother barked an order
at her.  She scampered across the lawn,  retrieved her own wrap and put it
on hurriedly.  Keiko slipped into her own  clothes and joined us.  I think
she explained Nakatawi's elevation in status to her mother who then called
her over and set her to  work  pouring  out  the chilled wine.  We sat and
ate.

Tina came out and joined us, dressed in a short kimono.

"The doctor says I have split my arsehole," she giggled.  "He said no harm
has been done and when it  heals  I  will  be  able to take a horse cock."
Keiko translated and Keiko's mother laughed.  She gabbled away animatedly.

"Mother say he did same to her.  Now  she  easy take two cocks up her cunt
and a large fist in arse at the  same  time.  She can take horse up either
hole!  Most women cannot do it.  She say she very pleased she can have sex
like that."  Her  mother  nodded  and  grinned  as  Keiko  translated.  My
appreciation of Japanese sexuality increased  every time this woman spoke.
I could quite see why they brought up their children as they did.

"I have never seen my mother do  it,"  said Keiko.  "I wonder if she would
do it for us.  Shall  I  ask  her?"   Without  waiting for our opinion she
spoke to her mother.   Her  mother  was  obviously  reluctant and held her
hands up in horror.

Keiko's father returned his face wrinkled  in  smiles.  He spoke to Keiko.
Her face broke out in pleasure and she turned to us.

"My father sorry to hurt Tina so he  phone Tokyo and speak Mr. Yamoto.  He
tell him it very important stay here and Mike stay too for one more night.
He fly us back tomorrow by afternoon.  Mr.  Yamoto say OK and he tell Mike
boss.  Father say we have big feast."   We clapped at the news and Keiko's
father beamed round the table.  I was concerned about Tina.

"What about you, I asked her.  You  are  supposed  to be back in London by
tomorrow."  She shrugged.  Keiko translated.  Her father listened and then
thumped the table.  He spoke to Keiko.

"He say doctor give certificate to say she  unable to work for week if she
want - no problem.  Doctor able to write any language."  He beamed at Tina
as his words were explained  and  held  out  his  palms  to  her as a task
accomplished.  Tina grinned and relaxed.

"I like this place," she said.  Keiko  translated and her father stood and
bowed to Tina.  Tina opened  her  kimono  and  showed  him her naked body.
Keiko's mother held up her hands in mock horror.

We finished eating.  Keiko's father stood and spoke to us.

"He say we should rest now and he will prepare big feast.  Everyone should
save themselves for tonight!  Nakatawi  will  be  Mike's servant and Tailu
will be yours, Tina.  You can  do  what  you like with them."  Her parents
stood, left the table  and  retired  into  the  house.   The servant girls
including Nakatawi bowed low.

"Isn't it exciting," giggled Keiko.  "I  don't remember having a big feast
for ages.  I think it worry my  father  when  he see you bleed, Tina.  You
OK?"

"I don't think I shall want to go  to  the toilet for a bit," she grinned.
"The doctor said it was only a  small  crack  but I have to keep putting a
dildo in it to stop it healing tight.   He  said  if I do that, it will be
quite OK and should heal in a week and  I shall be able to take a big cock
without splitting!"

"My parents made sure my  arsehole  open  gradually," said Keiko.  "I have
things up it since I ten so I used to it now.  I can take my father's cock
OK but it still very big."

"Do you like arse sex, Keiko?" I asked.

"Yes very much.  I like in arse because  it  more sexy.  I like one man in
arse and one in cunt too, that very good."  I was astounded.

"I've not liked arse sex much because  it hurts unless I'm really sloshed,
said Tina.  "Mike and I have  tried  it haven't we, darling?  Sometimes it
works and other times it doesn't."

"Maybe now you've been stretched it will  be better," I said hopefully.  I
had often wanted  arse  sex  with  Tina  but  she  was  usually reluctant.
Occasionally she had really gone for it  and  we  had had a super time.  I
remembered one memorable night when we had used nearly the whole of a tube
of K-Y jelly and she had had no trouble at all.

"You be OK now," said Keiko seriously.  "You like it very much.  All girls
here taught to have  arse  sex.   Nakatawi  been  taught definitely."  She
turned to her.  Nakatawi was kneeling  on  the grass waiting for an order.
In response to the question from  Keiko  she  stood and took a banana from
the bowl of fruit on the table.   She  lay  on the grass and turned on her
side.  She showed us her neat little  arsehole  and brought the tip of the
banana to it.  She slid it in easily  and posed with it sticking out.  Why
had I not brought a camera?  She  would  do  anything I could think of and
let me take pictures.  I could take  one  of  her licking her own clit!  I
could take some really dirty ones and show the lads at home...

"Have you got a camera I could borrow?" I asked Keiko.

"This Japan - we have cameras everywhere!"  She got up.

"Make it an easy one," called  Tina.   "He's  no good with F'ing numbers."
She giggled at her own joke.

"Why didn't we think of it before?"  I  said.  "I could have taken some of
you with the horse and being fucked by Keiko's father."

"I think its just as well  you  didn't,"  said  Tina.  "You would not have
joined in and been so turned on.  OK, so take some of Nakatawi but I don't
think you should take any of  Keiko's  parents."   I  saw the sense in her
argument.  Keiko returned with a  camera.   It  was  a small 35mm one with
built-in flash.  It was ultra simple to work  and I tried it out by taking
a picture of Nakatawi with the banana still in her arse.

"Where could we go and take some pictures of Nakatawi being sexy?" I asked
Keiko.

"In the garden good.  There  is  pagoda  and  stream,"  she said.  "I show
you."  She led the way round the side  of the house and down a shady path.
Tina and  Nakatawi  followed  us.   The  path  led  into  a  large  garden
surrounded by trees.  It  was  just  like  the  scene  on a willow-pattern
plate.  A bridge crossed a gurgling stream  and led to an open pagoda with
wicker chairs.   The  flowers  were  beautiful  and  the  scent absolutely
wonderful.  Bees buzzed round the exotic  blooms.  It took my breath away.
Tina was overcome with delight...

"What a wonderful  place,"  she  declared.   Keiko  was  pleased  with our
appreciation.  She scampered across the  bridge  into the pavilion and sat
on one of the chairs.

"You take sexy photos here and  they  very good.  Sexy girls and beautiful
garden.  Do you want to take some  of  us  all or only Nakatawi?"  Now she
had offered how could I refuse?ÿ

"I would like some of everybody.  When I am alone in my little flat I will
get them out and wank over them."  Keiko laughed.

"So we make really sexy," said Keiko.  She raised her bottom off the chair
and pulled off her shorts.  She put her legs over the arms and beckoned to
Nakatawi.  The girl dropped to  her  knees  and began licking Keiko's slit
right through in long licks.

"Take one like this," said Keiko.   She  pulled her clitoral hood back and
spoke to Nakatawi.  The little organ stood  up stiff and pink and Nakatawi
posed with her tongue extended about  to  lick  it.   I took a picture.  I
moved forward until the tongue and  clit  filled  the whole frame and took
another.  Meanwhile Tina stripped.  She  approached  Keiko and sank to the
ground next to Nakatawi.  She gently  moved  her  aside and brought one of
her tits to Keiko's cunt.  She pulled out the nipple and when it was fully
erect, posed with the  tip  resting  on  Keiko'  clitoris.   She nodded to
Nakatawi who again leant forward  and  brought  her  tongue  to the two of
them.  I took a picture of all  tree girls involved together.  I wanted it
to be even more salacious.

"Put your nipple in her arsehole  and  get Nakatawi lick that," I directed
Tina.  She obliged, managing to  get  her  nipple  right into Keiko's tiny
hole.  I took a picture.

"If you want real dirty ones we  piss in stream?" asked Keiko.   "Nakatawi
used to being shit on - would  you  like  to see us shit on her?"  Keiko's
ideas always floored me.  I would never  have  thought of such a thing but
the image of her naked arse  with  a  large  turd  coming out of it as she
splashed in the stream was overpowering.   What  a  picture to have on the
mantelpiece!

"I don't want Nakatawi  to  think  she  is  still  a  slave,"  I said.  "I
understand she has been promoted and doesn't have to do that sort of thing
any more."

"I sure she love do it for you if  you want,"  said Keiko.  "If you like I
ask her."  I nodded.  Keiko explained the request to Nakatawi.  She jumped
up and down.  "Nakatawi say she do  anything make really dirty picture for
you take home," grinned Keiko.   She  stripped  off  her top and the three
naked girls made their way down to  the stream.  Keiko got Nakatawi to lie
in the stream.  I took a  picture  of  her  by herself as the water lapped
round her cunt.  The setting was  exotic  and  the naked girl made it even
more so.  She posed with her legs wide showing me her cunt and arsehole.

"Get her to suck her cunt," I  said,  longing  to  see her do it again and
capture it on film.  Keiko  and  Tina  stood  by as Nakatawi obliged.  She
grinned widely as she licked her own  cunt  and I took photos.  Ask her to
get her clit big and lick that too," I said, feeling my cock growing again
in my jeans.   Nakatawi  noticed  the  large  truncheon  shape and proudly
pointed it out to the others.

"Let's take a picture of you with your cock out," cried Tina.  "I want one
of you too.  Stand next to Nakatawi."   She  took the camera from me and I
posed standing behind Nakatawi with my cock hanging out of my flies as she
licked her own clit.  She turned to me and extended her tongue to my knob.
Tina took another picture.

"We've only got two pictures left," said Tina, looking at the camera.

"Lets do really dirty," said Keiko.  "I  want  do shit ones.  "Me and Tina
shit on Nakatawi and then Mike do more  with our shit still on her.  Maybe
she do own shit at same time curl  all  in ball."  I thought this last was
another superb idea.  Keiko arranged  Tina  above Nakatawi's tits and then
stood over her mound.  I made them  both  turn round so their bottoms were
toward me.  I asked Keiko to get Nakatawi  to look past them at the camera
and grin.  She did so showing she didn't care at all if the others shat on
her.

"OK," I said, all was ready.  Nakatawi looked beautiful and radiant as she
waited.  Tina and Keiko strained.   I  watched  their arseholes dilate.  I
had never seen a girl shit before,  let alone from this angle.  Tina began
to produce a large turd.   It  hung  half  out  of  her arse.  She held it
there.

"Are you ready?  Shall I let it go?" she asked.

"Wait for me," grunted Keiko.   She  strained  harder  and a piece of shit
began to appear at her arsehole.   Both  girls looked absolutely vulgar as
the shit pieces grew.  I took a picture  as they were about to drop.  Both
girls then let it fall onto Nakatawi.  She grinned and posed for me as the
other girls got off.  A piece of shit  lay between her tits and another on
the flat dimple of her stomach.  I wished we had more film.  She picked up
Tina's piece and  painted  her  tits  with  it,  smearing  them  brown and
watching the effect herself.  She  then  took  Keiko's  shit and pushed it
into her cunt!  I had never  seen  anything  so obscene.  She made it look
even more so as she was obviously enjoying doing it and showing off to us.
She beckoned to me and spoke to Keiko.

"Nakatawi say you shit in mouth.  I  take  picture as it comes out and she
suck it."  She took up  the  camera.   Nakatawi  grinned as I settled over
her.  She leaned back in the stream  resting on her elbows and brought her
mouth under my arse.  Her jutting  tits  were  covered with a film of shit
and looked superb.  I  started  to  strain.   I  pushed  out  a long turd.
Nakatawi placed her mouth on it  as  it  formed.  Keiko took a picture.  I
could now move off and let it  fall  in the stream but Nakatawi would have
none of it.  She grabbed me  round  the  ankles  and started to eat it!  I
pushed it right out and it dropped  into  her  mouth.  She showed it to me
and then swallowed it!  She  was  now  masturbating furiously, her fingers
covered  with Keiko's shit.  She  then  took  them  out  and ate that too!
Absolutely fantastic!  I wanted to kiss  her.   I couldn't have cared less
what she had been eating.  She cuddled  me  against her and my body became
covered with Tina's shit from her tits.  We locked our mouths together.  I
rested a hand between her legs and  jacked her off, my fingers directly on
her clit.  She went into paroxysms as  she  came and collapsed on her back
in the stream.  Tina and Keiko clapped her.   Tina and I had never seen or
done anything like it, ever.  Nakatawi  grinned  and posed and then washed
first me and then herself off in  the  stream.  Keiko and Tina were highly
turned on and fell onto each other  doing  a superb 69 on the grassy bank.
I thought I'd better not join in any  more  sex  as I would not be able to
take part that  evening.   Goodness  only  knew  what  Keiko's  father had
planned - I couldn't imagine.


5

We were once again attired in  our  kimonos.   Keiko  led us into the main
lounge.  Tables of cold food had been set out round the edges.  One of the
servant girls carried  in  a  tray  containing  glasses  of wine.  Keiko's
mother and father sat at a table in  the  middle of one of the short sides
of the room  which  was  covered  with  a  multi-coloured  cloth.  Several
beautiful ornamental vases were arranged  on it with flowers criss-crossed
on the cloth rather than placed in  the  vases!  A gold chalice stood on a
small ebony stand in the centre.  Keiko's father beamed when he saw us and
came from behind the table to greet us.  He was wearing a turquoise outfit
with high collar and a kind of bustle  on  the back.  We bowed low to him.
He spoke to us in Japanese.

"Father say you sit by fireplace and have good time.  He say he never know
how sexy English people are 'til he meet  you.  He think you very good but
Japanese farmers been sexy  for  long,  long  time  and  now we show you!"
Keiko's mother spoke but before Keiko  could translate we were interrupted
by some new arrivals.  Hugo  strode  into  the room accompanied by another
lady and a young boy of  about  sixteen.   The  woman was well made up and
wearing a superb wrap-a-round garment in red and gold.  Her hair was piled
up on her head and held  with  massive  wooden  combs.  Hugo was wearing a
similar outfit to Keiko's  father.   It  was  obviously  some kind of high
formal attire.  The newcomers bowed  first  to  Keiko's father and then to
us.  We bowed back.

"Lady, Hugo wife,"  explained  Keiko.   "Her  name  Soji.   Boy, Hugo son,
Tato."  She smiled at us remembering that she  had told us of her lust for
him.  She introduced Tina and me by  name and we all bowed again.  Keiko's
father returned behind the table and  this  time was joined by Hugo.  Soji
and Keiko's mother sat on smaller  chairs  at the side of their respective
spouses.  Tato came over to  us  and  sat  next  to Keiko.  They exchanged
shifty glances.  Keiko's father  clapped  his  hands  loudly and a servant
girl  appeared.   She  was  given   rapid  instructions  in  Japanese  and
disappeared.  She was back in a trice and led in a small band of musicians
all dressed in baggy clothes  with  a  red  sash round their waists.  Each
carried an instrument.   They  arranged  themselves  cross-legged  on some
cushions at the end of the room.   Keiko's  father nodded to them and they
began to play.  The music was rather toneless but had a definite rhythm to
it.  The room lights dimmed except  for  some  sunken in the ceiling which
cast a pool of light on  the  floor.   I  waited  to see what was going to
happen..

A beautiful Indian-looking girl appeared  and  stepped  into the circle of
light.  She was about twenty and  was  wearing  a short blue jacket like a
waistcoat.  It was held by a gold clasp across her breasts which stretched
it open and threatened to  burst  out.   The  garment  extended only a few
inches below them.  The  upper  slopes  of  her  breasts  were bare.  They
looked large.  Also bare was a  wide  area  of  waist  and I could see the
dimple of her belly-button filled  with  a  large blue sparkling stone.  A
band of gold sat low  over  her  hips and supported diaphanous see-through
trousers which were clipped into  further  gold  bands at her ankles.  Her
feet were bare and I noticed  her  toenails  were painted blue.  Her naked
thighs showed through the material of her trousers as she moved.  Her face
was beautiful and highly made up with blue eye shadow and purple lipstick.
Her jet black hair was taken  back  into  a  long plait that hung down her
back and reached below her buttocks.  She began to dance.

It was a sinuous  dance,  gradually  becoming  more  and more erotic.  The
music almost throbbed as she twisted  and  turned  in time with it, making
slow movements with her hands  and  arms.   She started to caress herself;
her hands fluttering  over  her  thrusting  breasts  and  up  and down her
thighs.  Every now and again, when she  moved with the light behind her, I
could glimpse between her legs.  I  could  make  out the definite shape of
her sex lips and was sure she was not wearing any panties.

She faced the top table, and eased  one  of  her breasts out of the top of
the garment.  It was magnificent and huge.  She offered it to the two men.
She looked down and raised it to  her  face.  The dusky nipple was already
erect.  She licked the upper surface and then the outstanding nipple.  She
took it into her mouth and stared  defiantly  at the men as she sucked it.
She took it out of her  mouth  and  squeezed it forward between her finger
and thumb.  It was now twice  the  size  it  had been before!  She let the
breast go and undid the clasp.   The  garment dropped apart and she thrust
both breasts forward, posing for a short while with them jutting out.  The
light glistened on the one she had  been licking...  Then she was off into
the dance again.   She  kept  wobbling  her  breasts  and  caressing them,
pulling at the nipples.  It was all  highly  sensual and I had an enormous
hardon.  I leaned forward slightly in my  chair and worked my knob into my
belly button.

The dancer removed her  top  entirely.   Her  tits  were really something.
They were so large that they  hung  down  over  her chest.  As she twirled
around they rose out in front of  her by centrifugal force.  She made them
move as if they had a mind  of  their  own.   She crouched down with a leg
bent and let them hang down.  She  moved  them  from side to side over her
leg.  She seemed to enjoy the contact and  took hold of one of her swollen
teats and rubbed it brazenly  on  her  thigh.   Her  expression was one of
absolute passion.  She  danced  again  her  fingers  probing  into her sex
through the thin material.

The music stopped suddenly, taking us  by  surprise,  but she had timed it
perfectly and froze with her  legs  wide  and  her  body curled back.  Her
breasts pointed to the  ceiling  and  rose  and  fell  as she regained her
breath.  Keiko's father and Hugo applauded and we all joined in.  The girl
bowed deeply and for the first time,  smiled.   She bent to each ankle and
unclipped the gold  circle.   She  did  the  same  at  her  waist  and her
pantaloons dropped to the floor.  She  was naked except for gold bracelets
round her arms and ankles.  She  held  her  arms above her head and slowly
rotated round so that we could all  admire  her body.  Her legs were long,
smooth and beautiful.  Her waist was tiny  and her buttocks neat and small
and quite out of proportion to  her  wonderful breasts.  The music started
up again.  She swung her head  round,  raised  an  arm and caught the long
plait of hair as it curled  round  her  bare armpit.  She undulated around
the floor very slowly but every now  and again slashed viciously at one of
her breasts with the plait!  I thought  the whole act was highly arousing.
She didn't do it lightly, but hit herself  as hard as she could.  In spite
of her dusky skin we could see  marks appearing on her flesh.  Her nipples
became huge and the areola round  them  almost black.  She faced away from
the top table, bent  right  forward  and  looked  between her legs.  Those
sitting there would have been able  to  see  all  of her sex.  I could see
nothing!  She whipped the plait between her  legs.  The end curled up into
her buttock crease.  She repeated the  act  again and again and harder and
harder, grunting with the effort.

She stood up and danced over to  our  group sitting by the fireplace.  She
repeated the whole  performance  for  our  benefit.   She  stood  with her
buttocks towards us and her legs  wide  apart displaying herself.  Her sex
was completely hairless and  glistened  with  moisture  as she whipped the
hard plait between her legs and into it.  She caught the end and pulled it
tight between her hanging lips.  By moving her hand and head backwards and
forwards together, she could stimulate her  cleft  with her hair!  She was
really enjoying it: she showed us  the plait glistening with moisture from
her cunt.  She then brought it  out  behind  her and licked the wet juices
from it!  She returned to the top table and repeated the act, showing them
the sodden plait glistening with mucus  before  sucking it into her mouth.
She offered it to Keiko's father.   He  sucked  it noisily.  She rubbed it
between her legs again and gave it to Hugo.  He looked her in the eyes and
sucked her juices from it.  She then  moved to Keiko's mother and repeated
the act.  I was amazed  to  see  her  take  the  plait and suck it without
hesitation. Then Soji did the same. I  was staggered that the women joined
in as well.  The dancer wound the wet plait round one of her heavy breasts
and raised it to her mouth by  pulling  on the hair.  She  suckled herself
again, feasting on her own enlarged teat.

Suddenly she broke off  the  display,  danced  over  to  the musicians and
collected a wicker basket.  She brought it  back to the centre of the room
and placed it on the  floor  opening  the  lid  as  she  did so.  The band
changed to a wailing tune that rose  and fell eerily.  The girl sat before
the basket cross-legged and waited, absolutely  still.  Very slowly a thin
mottled head rose out of the basket.  Beside me, Tina gasped.  The snake's
head rose higher until it was  about  three  feet above the rim.  The girl
and snake stared at each other and then she eased herself to her feet, her
eyes fixed on the snake.  She began  to sway slowly and sinuously, staying
on one spot in front of the  snake.   The snake moved too, its body waving
in time with hers.  They picked up the  beat of the music which had become
more rhythmic again.  The girl edged  closer  to  the snake and then, with
knees bent and feet on  either  side  of  the  basket, she passed over it,
seemingly rubbing her cunt on its  head  as  she did so!  The snake turned
right round and faced her again.  She  danced towards it.   The music rose
to a crescendo and stopped with  a  crash  as  she  fell to her knees just
inches from the basket.  She offered  herself  to the snake, her legs wide
and cunt thrust forward.  Her  naked  sex  was completely vulnerable.  The
snake stopped swaying and drew back  its  head  as if to strike.  The girl
and the snake glared at  each  other.   Suddenly the snake struck forwards
towards her cunt.  We gasped, but  with  the  speed of lightening the girl
was away and dancing again but  now  with  the  snake as a partner, firmly
gripped in her hands just behind  its  head.   The music throbbed again as
she gradually drew its body from the basket.

Stretched out, the snake must  have  been  about  twenty feet long and its
body about nine inches across at the widest.  It was mainly green but with
markings of yellow and black breaking its skin into irregular shapes.  Its
head was small compared to  the  size  of  its  body.   The girl danced in
circles, gradually wrapping the snake across  her shoulders and around her
body.  It coiled round her waist and  then  down a leg.  She held its head
in front of hers and  waved  it  from  side  to  side.  The snake's forked
tongue flickered at her.

The girl danced again, carrying  the  bulk  of  the snake around with her.
She moved to the upper table and  showed  the occupants how she could hold
the snake's head in front of a swollen nipple and make it flick at it with
its tongue.  Keiko's father exclaimed in  wonder.   She brought it over to
us and showed our group the same thing.   I noticed how long and stiff her
nipples were.  She smiled at me and thrust them forward.

She danced back to the centre pool  of  light and writhed her body against
the snake.  She took a coil of  its  body  between her legs and rubbed her
cunt  against  it  sexily,  almost  fucking  herself  on  its  back.   She
concentrated on arousing herself to fever pitch, crying out in desire, her
face contorted with lust.  She dropped to  her knees again and spread them
wide.  She  brought  the  animal's  head  down  to  her  sex.   Its tongue
flickered and touched the bud of  her  clitoris  but before it could do so
again she plunged its whole  head  deep  into  her  cunt!  She writhed and
fucked herself with the snake's head.   Its  body moved round hers coiling
itself tighter.  She threw her  head  back  and  thrust  her pelvis up and
down.  The music became loud  and  rhythmic.   Suddenly her body convulsed
and her eyes rolled up showing  the  whites.  She froze and then collapsed
forwards.  The music stopped...  There was  a  brief silence and then loud
applause.  Keiko's father was on his feet banging the table with his fist.
The girl slowly sat up and bowed her head to him.  He threw a jingling bag
of coins at her feet.  She extracted  the  snake's head from her cunt.  It
dripped with mucus.  I  thought  she  had  genuinely  had  an orgasm.  She
carried the snake over to the basket,  uncoiled it from her body and eased
it in, finally replacing the lid.  She  picked up the purse and bowed low,
first to the top table and then to  us.  She scampered from the room.  One
of the musicians retrieved the basket.

Keiko's father  beamed  round  the  company  and  spoke.   As  usual Keiko
translated.

"He say that very good show.   He  never seen girl before, she recommended
by friend.  He say we  all  have  food  now,  he  very  hungry - could eat
snake!"  Her father waited expectantly  as  his  words were translated and
then joined in our laughter.  He and  Hugo remained seated while the wives
served them with food and  drink.   We  helped  ourselves from the buffet.
The musicians remained and played in the  background as we ate.  Our group
conversed separately from the head table.

"Did you enjoy snake?" asked Keiko,  her  eyes bright and sparkling.  Tina
thought  it  was  highly  erotic.   So   did  I.   Tato  listened  to  the
conversation munching some food.

"Is your cunt wet?" Keiko  asked  Tina.   Tina  made  a show of feeling it
under her Kimono and when  she  withdrew  her hand, her fingers  glistened
with stringy mucus.  Tato looked at her with eyes wide.  Tina licked them.
My cock was rigid again.

"How you like girl, Mike?" asked Keiko.   "You like girl with big tits can
suck tits and fuck snake?"  My  mouth  was  full and I just nodded.  Keiko
slid her hand into my lap  and  felt  my  cock  through the material of my
kimono.  "He like her lots," she  giggled.   She  leaned the other way and
did the same to Tato.  He  stared  at  her  in  awe  as she felt his cock.
"Tato like too.  His cock grown lots since I last felt!"

We ate our fill.

Keiko's father banged the table and stood up.  The musicians filed out and
the servant girls followed.  He waited  until the door closed behind them.
He spoke grandly in Japanese.  Keiko  translated  in  a loud whisper as he
went on.

"He say this special occasion  as  we  have  guests here.  He very pleased
that they join in with sex and  hopes  he  has been good host and provided
good entertainment.  He very pleased Tina  fuck  with  him and he sorry to
hurt her."  Tina  grinned  sheepishly.   "He  want  her  to accept special
gift."  Keiko's mother passed him up a  bundle and he carried it round the
table to Tina.  He shook it  out.   It  was  a beautiful royal blue kimono
with a complicated motif weaved on  it  in  gold.   It was the same as the
servant girls' tattoo!  He stood before her and proffered it, beaming from
ear to ear.  Tina stood, undid the sash  of the kimono she was wearing and
shrugged it off her  shoulders.   She  crossed  to  him naked, her breasts
jutting.  He cast the garment round her shoulders and she slipped her arms
into it.  She kissed him,  pressing  herself  against his body, the kimono
open and wide.  He hugged her and then moved away jabbering some more.

"He say if he stay next to you  he  cum  all over the new kimono and spoil
it," giggled Keiko.  Her father smiled at her as he regained the table and
spoke again.

"He say my mother want to show Tina  that having big holes very good.  She
going to have big fuck.   She  not  often  do  it.   I have seen only once
before when my brother become man.  It very secret and no servants see."

Keiko's mother came from behind  the  table  and  into  the centre pool of
light.  Hugo's wife joined her  and  helped  her  to slowly disrobe.  Once
again I studied her figure as it was gradually revealed.  She was straight
and almost  statuesque.   Soji  stripped  her  completely  naked,  finally
removing a pair of  panties  sparkling  with  gold thread.  Keiko's mother
stood proudly upright conscious that her body  was one to be admired.  Her
breasts thrust forwards without a  hint  of  droop.   Her stomach was flat
except for the convex curve  of  her  mound.   No-one  would dream she had
produced three children.  Soji fetched a  long upholstered pouffe from the
side of the room and Keiko's mother  lay  on  it with her legs either side
and her sex thrusting towards the two  men  on the top table.  They craned
forward to watch.  Soji began to  strip  herself.   She slipped out of the
dress-like garment she had been wearing  and revealed herself clad in just
a sort of two piece costume.  The bottom part was made from a thick maroon
silk cord which was taken  once  round  her  narrow  waist and then looped
backwards and forwards between her legs.  It covered her sex which was not
visible.  Above it, her  prominent  breasts  were  contained in two maroon
silk pouches joined by a thin cord of the same colour.  The pouches fitted
her breasts tightly and made them look large and almost cylindrical.  They
were held in place by tight  drawstrings  round  the bases.  She too had a
figure that many western women would have envied at her age.

She knelt down beside the pouffe  and  pushed  the other woman's legs even
wider.  She then brought a clenched fist  to her now gaping cunt and eased
it in.  I knew from  last-night  how  tight  that  cunt  could be so I was
surprised to see Soji's  fist  enter  so  easily.   She  leant forward and
licked the rising spire of her clitoris.   Soji fucked her fist in and out
a few times and then turned and spoke to the men.

"She say my mother ready,"  whispered  Keiko.   The men stood and shrugged
off their clothes.  Each wore  a  black  leather  belt round their waists.
From this, thin thongs  went  between  their  legs  and  supported a small
leather pouch which  contained  their  balls.   I  suspected another thong
supported them from the back.  Both men  stopped in front of the women and
masturbated their cocks.  There was  little  to  choose between them. Both
were muscular and thick set.  Hugo was the slightly taller but their cocks
were both huge and about the same  size.   The girth of them was startling
and the knobs enormous.  They were throbbing and almost purple.  Both were
much larger than Soji's fist.  She  turned  and knelt between them, taking
over the stimulation with difficulty as  there  was  no way she could span
either of them with her hands.   She  brought  her tongue to first one and
then the other and licked off  beads  of  mucus that had appeared at their
slits.  Both men then lay on the  floor and scissored their legs together.
They slid towards each other just like  Tina  and Keiko had done when they
rubbed cunts.  The leather  ball-bags  touched  and  both  cocks reared up
alongside each  other.   Soji  knelt  over  them  and  rubbed  the  shafts
together.  Thick purple veins coursed  over  the  surface like ropes.  The
large purple mushrooms were exactly the  same height and bobbed round each
other as she manipulated them.  Light reflected from the swollen surfaces.
I wondered what was going to happen  and  glanced round at Keiko.  She had
her hand under Tato's kimono and looked  as if she was caressing his cock.
Both were staring at the scene before  them.  Tina was leaning forward her
eyes glued to the two cocks and  her  new  kimono still wide open down the
front.  I could see her naked body and open dripping cunt!  Movements from
the floor forced me to look back.   Keiko's  mother had got off the pouffe
and was approaching the two men.  She trod over them and squatted to bring
her cunt down towards the two cocks.   She  was going to fuck them both at
the same time!

Soji helped guide the two knobs to  the  descending maw.  I could see them
distort against each other as  she  forced  them together.  Keiko's mother
reached down and pulled her cunt wide  using her fingers.  She pushed down
hard against the massive helmets.  I could  not see how she could possibly
take them all.

Having made sure that the  tip  of  each  was  in the right place  Keiko's
mother began to use force.  She pressed  down  hard, easing the rim of her
distending cunt over the two cocks.   Sweat  broke  out on her brow.  Soji
began to caress her tits,  stroking  them  forward towards the nipples.  I
could see the effect as they swelled and grew dark.  Soji sucked one.  She
turned to us and spoke.

"She ask for me to help," said Keiko.  She stood up, undid the sash of her
kimono and threw it off.  Her  body   was  superb and shone in the lights.
She joined the trio on  the  floor  and  began  to suck her mother's other
nipple.  Tina shrugged off her kimono.   She  folded it carefully over the
back of her chair and  joined  the  others.   She  knelt  next to them and
reached between the  straining  woman's  buttocks.   Keiko's mother looked
over at her gratefully so I expect  she  managed  to ease in a bit of cock
that had been  stubborn.   Very  slowly  her  tight  cunt moved inexorably
downwards.  Suddenly the two knobs were  inside  and the pressure eased as
the stretched band moved to the narrower  shafts below.  I watched as they
were gradually absorbed.

"Ieeee," screamed Keiko's mother in  triumph  when  her pudenda hit Hugo's
pubic bone and she knew she had accomplished her task.  Keiko's father and
Hugo joined in the congratulations.  She began to fuck them.  I was amazed
at how much she could move but the  loose skin of their shafts slid up and
down over the hard  muscle  within.   She  leaned  forward  and fucked her
buttocks up and down.  Soji turned to me and spoke.

"She say you come here," said Keiko.  I slipped off my kimono and did as I
was bid.  Soji stared at my  cock  as  it  stuck  out in front of me fully
erect and throbbing.  She beckoned  me  to  stand  by her side.  She spoke
again.

"She say you have one of longest  cocks she seen except on horse." grinned
Keiko.  "She say she glad Hugo not  as  long  as you and thick too."  Soji
grinned up at me as  her  words  were  translated.   She then bent my cock
towards her mouth and  sucked  it  in.   Like  Keiko's  mother, she was an
expert.  I felt her throat muscles massaging  my  shaft just as if she had
been doing it with her fingers.  When  she  was  satisfied I was as big as
possible, she eased it out, took it in  her hand and pulled me over to the
fucking trio.  She pushed me down.  I suddenly realised what she wanted me
to do!  I squatted behind the rutting woman.  Her arsehole was dilated and
stretched open by the invading cocks in  the front.  Tina reached over and
pulled the rim  even  wider  with  her  fingers.   I  could  see  the pink
membranes inside!  She looked up at me and  smiled.  I eased the tip of my
cock into the glistening hole.  Keiko's  mother stopped fucking and waited
for me.  I  had  to  push  very  hard,  feeling  the  cocks within sliding
sideways to make room for mine.  I forced it deeper.  She gave a low moan.
The constriction of her rim almost hurt me as it stretched and slid to the
base of my prick.  I was in!  She started fucking all three of us!

Soji issued some more instructions and Tato appeared naked in front of me.
His boyish cock was fiercely erect.  It was almost as long as his father's
but not nearly so thick.  Even so, the  swollen helmet was one to be proud
of for such a young lad.   It  reared  up  mauve and distended.  His pubic
hair was wiry and confined to a  small  patch  above the root of his cock.
His balls were contained in a tight hairless scrotum, their shape oval and
obvious.  His legs were smooth and also hairless.  He brought his penis to
Keiko's mother and she immediately swallowed  it.  Then she began to shake
uncontrollably.  I felt the muscles of  her  insides spasming and the grip
on my cock grew even tighter.  My own orgasm became inevitable.  Tina knew
what was happening and moved round  behind  me.  She leant forward, parted
my own cheeks and licked right up  into  my arsehole!  That did it; I shot
my load deep into the rectum beneath me.  I felt each spurt as it overcame
the pressure of the tight  ring  of  her  arse  rim.   It was like red hot
needles.  The other men felt me go  off  and started to ejaculate as well.
I could feel their cocks throbbing and  sperm pumping along the two shafts
almost in contact with mine.  Hugo cried out  as he came and was joined by
Keiko's father in an  exultant  howl.   Her  mother  went  limp and seemed
almost lifeless.  Tato's cock slipped  from  her  mouth.  He must have cum
too as a long string of spunk hung  from his knob.  I watched Keiko crouch
to lick it off and gaze up lovingly into his eyes.

Soji issued instructions.

"She say you get off first," said Keiko.  "Pull out very carefully and not
let any spunk get out."  I did  as  I  was bid.  Pulling out was almost as
hard as getting in but I managed  it  eventually and stood upright with my
cock now limp and curving towards the floor.   Keiko was on it in a flash,
licking it clean and then sucking it into her throat.  Soji helped Keiko's
mother ease herself off the other two  cocks.   It was a bit easier now as
both had gone down a bit and were  not  turgid.  Soji spoke to her son and
he ran over to the table.  In a moment he was back with the chalice.  Soji
took it from him and  brought  it  to  the  other  woman's lips.  She spat
Tato's creamy spunk into it.  Soji then  placed it on the floor and helped
Keiko's mother to move sideways and over  it.  She held her cunt lips wide
and combined semen and her fuck juices ran out into the chalice.  At first
they came out in a steady stream, white and runny and then  Keiko's mother
strained down and they became more viscous and lumpy.

While this was happening, the  two  men  were trying to extract themselves
from underneath.  They  managed  to  do  it  without  upsetting  the spunk
gathering process.

Eventually Soji was happy that all the men's juices had been collected and
then got Keiko's mother to  squat  over  the  chalice  to expel mine.  She
strained and my spunk and some of her  own bowel juices joined the mess in
the vessel.  It was almost half full.  Keiko helped her mother back to her
chair.  We all sat down  still  naked  and  looked at each other.  Keiko's
father rose and spoke.

"He say we collect juice from all of us except Soji, Tina and me.  He want
us to make, how you say..."  She  formed her thumbs and index fingers into
a shape and looked at us.

"Triangle," I cried.

"Triangle," she grinned.  "We  make  each  other  cum  and collect juices.
Tina was on her feet in a flash.  She crossed to the centre and lay on the
floor.  Soji and  Keiko  joined  her.   Soji  was  still  wearing the rope
between her legs.  She undid it and  fucked herself gently with it between
her legs before throwing it to one side.  Her tits were still contained in
their bags and looked unusually erotic.   She  wanted to suck Tina so Tina
sucked Keiko and  Keiko  sucked  Soji.   The  three  worked  on each other
pushing their tongues into each  others  cunts  as  high as they would go.
Each girl also rubbed the clit  of  the  girl they were sucking.  Soji was
fascinated by Tina's  rings  and  kept  pulling  at  them.   The sight was
magnificent and I felt my cock enlarging  once again.  It didn't take long
for them to  cum.   Keiko  was  first  followed  by  Soji  and Tina almost
together.  Keiko's father gave advice.  One  of the participants could not
understand but it was obvious  what  she  was  expected  to do.  Each girl
sucked as much juice from the other  as  possible  and then held it in her
mouth. They then went  up  to  the  top  table  and  dribbled  it into the
chalice.

We all gathered round.  Keiko's father took hold of the chalice and raised
it before him.  Even  his  wife  struggled  to  her  feet.   He spoke in a
triumphant tone.

"My father say everyone who take part in ceremony remain sex colleague all
life.  If one has trouble in world they call other and they help with fuck
or money or whatever.  Now we  all  drink toast..."  Her father raised the
chalice higher, gave a cry, took a large swig and swallowed it.

"He say `Fuck'" she grinned.  The chalice  was passed round the circle and
we all drank.   The  contents  were  still  warm  and  slightly congealed.
Everyone embraced everyone else.  Keiko's father spoke again.

"He say we go now and he  let  servants  in,  clear up.  He say goodbye in
morning."  We all donned our clothes.  We bowed to the elders and left.

"I take you back  your  room,"  said  Keiko.   Tato  accompanied  us as we
followed her to the guest house.   Tailu  and Nakatawi were with us within
seconds.  They were both wearing their beige servant attire.  They came in
and prostrated themselves.

"I take Tato and fuck him," said Keiko grinning.  "I not fuck yet tonight.
When I go away Tato only 9.  We used  go  in barn and he suck my cunt.  He
had little cock then but it stick  up  stiff  and I suck.  I see him since
but not able fuck.  Now he  much  bigger  and fuck properly."  She grabbed
his hand and they were gone.  I  thought  it might have been nice to watch
and said so to Tina.

"I'm glad you still feel sexy too," she said.  "These girls really turn me
on.  Fancy having two young slaves like this that will do anything I want.
I wish we could take them  home  and  they  could  do the washing up!"  We
giggled.  The two  girls  knelt  looking  at  us,  wondering  what we were
saying.

"Its nice to talk about them without  them  knowing what we are saying," I
said.  "Don't you think Nakatawi is  beautiful.  She is so uninhibited.  I
love the way she sucks her own cunt."

"You'd like to fuck her wouldn't you, Mike?"  Tina smiled at me knowingly.
She undid her new kimono  and  posed  for  me naked.  "Wouldn't you rather
stick your big prick up  here?"   She  giggled,  spread  her legs wide and
stuck two fingers up her cunt.  She  masturbated blatantly in front of the
two girls who watched with  interest,  still  kneeling on the floor... "Or
would you like a young  adolescent  fuck  like  this?"  She crossed behind
Nakatawi and crouched behind  her.   Reaching  round she parted Nakatawi's
wrap below the sash and revealed  her  legs.  She nudged them and Nakatawi
at once opened them wide.  She  was  wearing the regulation beige panties.
Tina pulled the gusset to one  side  and  plunged  two fingers deep in the
girl's cunt.  Nakatawi gasped.  Tina  masturbated  her  for a few moments.
Just as Nakatawi got the  rhythm  she  withdrew  her fingers and turned to
Tailu.  She did the same to her,  forcing her fingers, now lubricated with
Nakatawi's juice, right up her small  cunt...  "Or would you rather fuck a
young girl cunt like this?" she asked.

"I think I'm  very  lucky  to  be  here,"  I  said  earnestly, dodging the
question and feeling my  cock  grow  to  full  erection.   "You are all so
beautiful and I want to have all of you."

"It seems a waste having me.  We can do that any time," said Tina, voicing
my own thoughts.  "I want us both to have sex with them while we can."

"What do you want to do?" I asked.

"You suggest things," she said.  "Make  them  really depraved.  Make me do
really dirty things.  I want them to  do  dirty things to me.  Pretend you
have three slaves and not just  two!"   The idea was appealing.  I watched
Tailu squirm as Tina continued to masturbate her.

"OK," I said.  "Get Nakatawi to strip and lie down on the bed."  Tina made
sign language to Nakatawi.  She stripped off  her  wrap and lay on the bed
looking over at me expectantly.

"Get her to lift  up  her  bum  in  the  air  and  hold  it  with her arms
underneath."  Tina did so.  "Open  her  cunt  wide  so I can see inside...
Now Tailu, come here."  I beckoned to  the young girl.  I removed her sash
and wrap.  I knelt before her  and  pushed  her knickers down.  She lifted
first one leg and then the other  as  I removed them.   She posed with her
legs wide showing me her sex.  I  could  not resist a tongue swipe through
her small hairless cleft.

"Stand here like this," I brought  Tailu  over  the open cunt of the other
girl.  "Now piss in Nakatawi's  cunt,"  I  ordered.  Tina showed Tailu her
piss hole and made  a  motion  of  pee  coming  from  it.   She pointed to
Nakatawi's cunt and held it  open  herself.  Tailu understood.  She parted
her own lips with fingers and  thumb  and  brought her slit over the other
girl's.  She strained and produced a  thin  stream  of piss.  I sat on the
chair and watched.  She directed it into  Nakatawi's cunt and filled it to
the brim.  Some spilled over onto Tina's fingers.  Tailu stopped.

"Now drink it, Tina," I said sternly.   Tina eased Tailu aside and bent to
Nakatawi's cunt.  She sucked out the  piss  uncurling the girl and tipping
her cunt down for more.  She looked over at me and licked her lips.  I got
my cock out from the folds  of  my  kimono  and showed her what effect her
performance had on it.  It was rigid and throbbing.  My knob was shiny and
dusky red.  I milked up the  shaft  and produced some pre-cum which welled
out of the slit.  All three girls  watched  as  I collected it on a finger
and took it to my mouth.  I sucked it off.

"You wouldn't have done that before this weekend," observed Tina.  "I love
it when you do things like that to yourself."

"Before this week-end you wouldn't have drunk piss!" I replied, smiling at
her seriously.  I turned to the girls.

"Now Nakatawi piss in Tailu's cunt and Tina, you suck that out as well," I
ordered, gently stroking my shaft.  Tina  arranged the girls.  It was easy
as they realised at once what they had to do.  Nakatawi pissed beautifully
into Tailu's open cunt.  She indicated she couldn't stop.

"Do it over her face and tits,"  I instructed.  Tina gestured and Nakatawi
flooded Tailu's face and body with  more  warm piss.  Tailu rubbed it over
her own tiny breasts.

"Now Nakatawi will drink her  OWN  piss  from  Tailu as punishment for not
being able to hold onto it."  Tina explained and without any hesitation at
all, Nakatawi knelt on all fours  and  slurped at Tailu's cunt.  She drank
her own piss without reservation.   The  scene  was  one I would remember.
Nakatawi's breasts pointed down beautifully as  she bent to the task.  Her
buttocks were neat and narrow and  her  arsehole looked so inviting.  Tina
thought so too and brought a finger to it.  She wormed it inside.

"Could you piss up her arse like an  enema?" asked Tina, looking up at me,
her eyes shining in anticipation.  "She could  then bring it back all over
the other one!"

"That's a super idea," I agreed,  "but  I  don't  think I can piss through
this!"  I waved my stiff rod at her.

"Oh do try, Mike.  Bugger her anyway!"   I had already had Nakatawi's arse
so I decided to feel  what  her  cunt  was  like  first.  I slipped off my
kimono and dropped to the floor behind the beautiful teenager.  She knew I
was about to invade her and widened  her  legs for me.  I inserted my knob
into her slick cunt.  It was sopping with  a mixture of juice and piss.  I
pushed in deep.  She felt wonderful.  Her tight tube gripped the length of
my shaft.  She could not take quite all of it.  Tina watched closely.

"You've been wanting to  fuck  her  cunt  ever  since  you  first saw her,
haven't you Mike?  What does it feel like?  Does it feel good?"

"Wonderful," I managed.

"Do you want to cum in her?  I won't  mind.  Then you will be able to piss
up her arse.  I'm feeling so horny.   I  want both girls to suck me.  They
can get me off, Mike.  You can watch and maybe get another hardon."

"There's no way I'll be able to cum again after all this," I said, humping
into the girl and caressing her lovely  hard  tits at the same time.  "I'm
going to do a big one...  Oooh,  yes  she feels good!"  Nakatawi was still
licking Tailu's cunt but now more to stimulate her than just drink.  Tailu
moaned as Nakatawi's tongue flicked at her tiny clitoris.

"Come on then, Mike.  Shoot all that thick FUCK into her."  Tina cupped my
balls.  "Do it lover.  Fill her up  with  your cum then PISS UP HER ARSE!"
I felt my orgasm approaching.  The spunk  rose up my cock and blasted into
the young girl's cunt.  I was amazed  by  the  force of it.  Moments ago I
had just had one of the most  fiercest  orgasms  of my life and here I was
going off again!

"SHOOT IT INTO HER, MIKE," sang  Tina.   "Give  her all you've got, that's
right."  I withdrew my cock and  plunged  it straight up Nakatawi's lovely
arsehole.  It slid in  easily,  lubricated  by  my  cum and Nakatawi's own
juices.  I waited for  all  the  sensations  to  die  down.   Tina bent to
Nakatawi's face and motioned her  to  keep  still.   For  a moment my cock
stayed hard, gripped by the  tight  sphincter,  but  then  I could feel it
relaxing slowly.  I tried to piss.  It  seemed to well up and then recede.
I tried again.  It rose up my cock and passed through my knob feeling like
scalding water but I managed to keep  it flowing.  I pissed pints into the
young girl's rectum.  When had  I  last  been?   Not since before the orgy
with Keiko's parents.

Nakatawi felt her bowels  distend  and  realised  what  I was doing.  Tina
tried to make her understand that  she  wanted  her  to  hold onto it as I
withdrew my cock.  She nodded.  I slowly moved back and eased out.  I felt
Nakatawi contract her bum  muscles  round  my  knob  as  it slid out.  She
stayed bent over and waited.  Not a drop leaked!

"I want it on me," cried Tina.   "It's  a  waste to do it on Tailu, she'll
not appreciate it.  I want your spunk  to  drip into my mouth and Nakatawi
to let your piss go all over my  tits.   Tailu can suck me off at the same
time."  I marvelled at her new found depravity.

I moved round to Nakatawi's head  and  made  gestures  what she was to do.
She seemed to understand.  Tina lay on  her back and eased herself forward
under Nakatawi's body until  her  mouth  was  directly  under her cunt.  I
pulled Tailu to her feet and  took  her  round to Tina's cunt.  I motioned
her to lie on her front and lick  her.  Tina parted her legs wide to allow
her access.  I watched the young girl as she held Tina's lips apart by the
rings and snaked  her  tongue  into  Tina's  wet  maw.   Tina's whole body
shuddered.  Nakatawi turned to watch what was happening.

"Now!"  I motioned to her.  She  relaxed and strained.  Piss squirted from
her arse with force.   It  arced  over  Tailu's  head  and  onto her back.
Nakatawi raised her shoulders slightly and  the stream flowed over Tailu's
hair.  It reached Tina's mound  and  flooded  round  it over Tailu's face.
She continued licking Tina's cunt  as  if  her  life  depended on it.  The
cascade stopped for a second as  Nakatawi took another breath and strained
again.  More piss spurted out of  her  arse.   I looked underneath and saw
Tina slurping at Nakatawi's  cunt.   Even  as  I  watched  a large mass of
congealed spunk dropped into her  mouth.   Suddenly  Nakatawi farted and a
small turd dropped out  directly  onto  the  inner  slope  of Tina's right
breast.  She felt it..

"God, she's shitting on me,"  she  squealed.   "I'm going off!"  Her whole
body shook repeatedly.  Tailu worked  directly  on her clitoris.  "I can't
stop cumming," Tina cried breathlessly.  Nakatawi  lifted her leg over her
prostrate body.  She turned round and  clamped  her mouth over Tina's teat
just above the smear of shit.  She sucked it avidly and then began to lick
the brown slime from Tina's  breast.   Tina  managed  to raise her head to
watch,  Nakatawi licked up her own shit!

"God Almighty, Mike, she's eating her own shit!  She dropped her head back
and surrendered to another cum."   Nakatawi  cleaned  Tina's tits with her
tongue.

"Tell Tailu to stop or I'll die," shrieked Tina.  I pulled the youngster's
hair and raised her head.  I made  signs  for her to stop.  She grinned in
triumph.

"Oh, God, that's the first time I've ever  had several big cums in a row,"
gasped Tina.  She smiled at Nakatawi  and  gave  a small bow.  "Thank you,
Nakatawi, that was  lovely."   Nakatawi  grinned  widely.   Tina turned to
Tailu, "And you, Tailu, thank you too."  Both girls knew what was said and
grinned happily.  If you want to cum  off  yourselves, please do it and we
would like to watch," she added.   The girls didn't understand.  Tina made
masturbating movements at her own  cunt  and  then  pointed to the girls'.
They looked at  each  other  and  spoke  in  Japanese.   Nakatawi took two
fingers to her cunt,  rubbed  them  through  her  slit  and looked at Tina
enquiringly.  Tina nodded in encouragement.  Nakatawi pointed to Tailu and
then herself backwards  and  forwards  and  cocked  her  head  sideways in
question.

"I think they  want  to  do  it  to  each  other,"  she  said.  She nodded
vigorously and pointed to both  girls  and  then the spare mattress.  They
skipped over to it.   Tailu  lay  on  her  back  with legs wide.  Nakatawi
straddled her head facing her feet and brought her cunt down to her mouth.
Tailu immediately began  to  lick  it.   Nakatawi  flopped  forward and by
cricking up her neck she managed to bring her tongue to the smaller girl's
cunt.  I sat down on  the  other  bed  beside  Tina  and cuddled her as we
watched a superb 69.

"Look at them go," grinned Tina.   "I  think  they've done it before!"  We
laughed.  The girls did not  spare  each  other.   Nakatawi went off first
pausing only briefly  before  renewing  her  attack  on  the smaller girl.
Tailu's small body arched in  orgasm.   Neither girl stopped!  Before long
Nakatawi went off again closely followed  by  Tailu, and still they didn't
stop!  After a third cum  Nakatawi  fell  off  sideways  and they both lay
panting on their backs.  Tina and I clapped them but they were too weak to
even acknowledge us.

"I see now why Keiko can cum  just  fucking a door," remarked Tina.  "They
are taught sex from so young.  They  are absolute experts by the time they
can cum."

I nodded in agreement, "And they've certainly  taught us a thing or two as
well  haven't they?  I think we shall be much less reserved after all this
lot."  I turned and kissed her on the mouth.

We had a shower and returned to  the  bedroom.  Both girls had gone!  They
returned with clean sheets and remade  our  bed.  Nakatawi motioned to the
corner and pointed to herself and Tailu.  Tina nodded.

"They want to sleep in here with us,"  she said.  The girls rushed out and
returned with some more bedding which  they  put down in the corner.  They
disappeared into the bathroom and we heard the shower running.  Tina and I
climbed into our bed and cuddled.  The girls returned and knelt beside us.
They both bowed low with their foreheads on the floor.

"Stop that," I said slightly irritated.

"Come here," motioned Tina.  She made the girls crawl to her and then gave
each a big kiss.  They were  astounded.   Apparently such things were done
only in passion at the height  of  sex.    This  was a show of affection -
which was, of course, what Tina  intended.   I motioned them to come round
my side and kissed each in turn,  sliding my tongue down their throats and
caressing their young  tits.   Then  Tina  and  I  kissed  each  other and
snuggled down in the bed.  Both girls watched and then got into their bed.
The lights dimmed mysteriously.

"I must ask Keiko about the  lights,"  I  said  to  Tina but her eyes were
closed and she did not respond.

Next morning the girls were servants again, attending to our ablutions and
shaving me.  They prepared  our  breakfast.   We  got  dressed  in our own
clothes which once again had been washed and ironed ready for us.

Keiko bounced in just as we were ready.

"OK you two.  We say  goodbye  to  parents  and  Hugo take us to airport."
Nakatawi and Tailu fell to their knees  as we prepared to leave.  I raised
Nakatawi's face and saw tears streaming down.

"Tell Nakatawi that I hope to see  her  again  one day and I will think of
her for ever," I asked Keiko.   She  raised her eyebrows but translated my
words.  I pulled Nakatawi to her  feet  and  kissed her on the mouth.  Her
tears wetted my cheeks.

"And tell Tailu that I think she is  a very lovely girl and will grow into
a beautiful woman."  Keiko translated and  I  pulled Tailu to her feet and
kissed her too.  Tears began to well up in her eyes as well.

"Say to both that I have  had  a  lovely  time  and thank them for looking
after us so well," said Tina.  She kissed both in turn and gave them a big
hug.

And we were gone.

"Not good to kiss servants like that," scolded Keiko as she led the way to
the front door.  It was open and  Hugo was waiting with the trap.  Keiko's
father and mother were there too.  We embraced them.  They were all smiles
as we thanked them most profusely  for their hospitality and the wonderful
time we had had.

"My father say you not  forget  special  bond.   You welcome any time come
back."  He nodded vigorously in confirmation as his words were translated.
We got into the trap and  Hugo  cracked  the  whip.  The horse started off
with a jerk and we departed.

Suddenly Keiko's father shouted and beckoned  us back.  Hugo took the trap
round the drive in a circle  and  back  to the front door.  Keiko's father
had disappeared inside the house.  He  returned  in a few seconds waving a
piece of paper and his face creased in a wide grin.  He spoke rapidly.

"He say he forgot give you doctor certificate," grinned Keiko.  Her father
handed it up to Tina who thanked him  and grinned back.  Then the trap was
off again and we waved back to the couple until they were hidden by trees.
Tina inspected the certificate and then looked at me quizzically.

"It says I've got proctitis," she said.  "What's that?

--
