My Secret Girlfriend

by Steve Jensen




Jeremy's first encounter with his sister Jennifer began when she
was 12 and he was 14 years old.  They were home alone and both
bored. The storm that was going on had knocked out the cable TV
so Jeremy went to his room and started glancing through a porno
magazine that he had borrowed from a friend at school.  He was
sure this magazine was illegal because the models in it were his
age, some appeared even younger.  All of the writing was in
German but he liked to fantasize about some of the girls being
from his own school.

One of his favorites was a full page color picture of a young
girl about his sister's age spread obscenely on the bed with two
boys standing over her masturbating.  The next page showed her
smiling broadly with jism covering her face, in her pretty blonde
hair and dripping off her chin. Every time he saw this picture he
got a strong urge to masturbate

Usually he waited until after he had gone to bed but tonigh
there was nothing else to do and there was no one home but his
sister and he wanted to look at the picture while he jacked off.
He got up and locked his bedroom door and stripped down to this
jockey shorts.  Carefully, he proped the magazine up beneath the
lamp beside his bed and stacked a couple of pillows beneath his
head so that he could easily see his favorite picture.  He peeled
his tight shorts over his hips and began to slowly stroke his
rigid teenage cock.  As he his hand moved up and down his rigid
shaft, his total concentration was on the picture of the girl in
the magazine, her hairless pussy spread wide in front of the two
boys seeming to enjoy being the center of attention.

Jennifer, meanwhile, had also went to her room.  She changed into
her pajamas and went into the bathroom that separated her room
from Jeremy's to take the ponytails out of her hair.  She stood
in front of the mirror with her pajama tops pulled up and looked
at her tennis-ball-sized developing breasts.  She wished to
herself that they would grow faster.  Some of the other girls in
her 7th grade class had much bigger ones.

As Jennifer studied her breast, she heard the bedsprings
squeaking in Jeremy's room.  Wondering what her brother was
doing, she opened the bathroom door to his room.  There he lay,
naked except for the undershorts around his thighs, his total
concentration on a picture of a naked girl.  He was so much into
what he was doing with his cock that he didn't even see her.  She
stood in the partially open doorway and watched.

She had never seen a boy do that before.  She had seen he
brother naked a long time ago but never like this.  She felt a
tingling between her legs and a strong need to touch herself
there.   Before she realized it, she had a finger deep into her
hole, and another over her little bud rubbing it in a circular
motion.  Then Jeremy turned and saw her.

"What are you doing?" he asked, quickly pulling his shorts over
his swollen cock.

"I should ask you that, Jeremy!"  she returned, quickly pulling
her hand out of her pajama bottoms.  She was relieved that he
hadn't seen her doing that since she was partially behind the
bathroom door.  This gave her the upper hand.  "I wanna see your
book." she said to her brother, and, noticing a look of
reluctance on his face in addition to the obvious embarassment of
having been caught playing with himself, added "Or I'll tell."

Jeremy realized that there wasn't a lot he could do now that she
had seen him.  Hell, it might even prove to be interesting
watching her react to the pictures.  "Okay, but you have to look
at it here in my room."

Jennifer lay streched out on her stomach on her brother's bed,
the book on a pillow in front of her.  The German title
"Kindersex!" was headlined in red above a waist-up picture of
several naked kids smiling broadly.  "Wow, I have seen Playboys
and stuff with adults in it but never anything with kids naked
like this!" Jenny exclaimed.  She turned the first page to see a
full page picture of a young girl, her hands holding the lips of
her hairless cunt open wide while a boy about her age fingered
her hole.

As she turned through the book, she saw all sorts of various
scenes and positions; indoors, outdoors, kids with kids, kids
with adults, girls with girls, boys with boys.  She stopped on
one page that had a picture of an adult man laying on his back, a
girl that look about her age straddeling him, his cock about
three-quarters of the way up her hairless cunt.  Her head was
thrown back and her eyes closed.  A look of ecstacy covered her
face.  "Wow, he's so big.  How does she get him in there?"  Jenny
asked in amazement.

"Well, I think it like streches and lubricates when the girl gets
excited." Jeremy told his sister, staring at the shape of her
cute, round ass beneath her pajamas.  He had never thought of his
sister in a sexual way before, but having her lay there and look
at his sex book, interested in what she was seeing just like he
was, excited him greatly.  He was noticing that his sister was
kind of cute.  Her body was starting to take shape and she wasn't
the skinny kid that he remembered growing up with.

His sisters legs were slightly apart and bent up at the knees.
She was wearing the short  baby-doll type flanned pajamas and he
could see the smooth white of her inner thighs.   He placed his hand
on the inside of her thigh and softly squeezed.  She she didn't
pull away or tell him to stop -- he felt electricity  flow
through his body as he had never been this close to any girl in this way
before.

Jenny felt the electricity too.  She wasn't sure what to do
because she was so excited by the book and her brother so she
just acted as if nothing was happening.  She turned to the page
where the girl had the jism all over her face and instantly
responded with an "Oh, gross!   I could never do anything like
that!"  She turned to the next page where a boy was doing it
doggie style with a girl about her age. In the photo across from
it, the boy had gotten off, spewing cum all over the girls
smooth, white butt.   "Now that isn't so bad.", she said, staring at the
picture longer that any of the others.

Jeremy had intensified the motion of his hand as he rubbed his
sister's thigh.  His hand had inched it's way up so that he was
now feeling her crack.  His fingers slid beneath her pajama
bottoms and inside the leg band of her cotton panties.  He could
feel the moistness of her crack as his finger explored her slit.

"Mmmm... That feels good!"  she said softly as she continued
through the book.  Encouraged by this, Jeremy started to pull
down his sister's pajama bottoms.  She pulled away.  "But they're
just in the way!" he protested.

"I am not ready to do it... like you know... all the way yet Jeremy,
especially with my brother.  And anyway, you will probably laugh
when you see my body."

"We don't have to do it all the way, Jen.  Just tell me when to
stop if you don't like something.  Looking at this book has
really made me hot and feeling you up made it even worse.  Your
body looks fine -- better than some of the girls my age!"

"Uh, well, I liked what you were doing before, you know, when you were
feeling me down there,"  Jennifer admitted to her brother.

"I liked that too but it would be better if we were naked,"
Jeremy replied.

"Okay, but you first,"  she agreed.

"Allright, hell, I'm half naked already anyway!" said Jeremy as
he slipped the jockey shorts off, throwing them on the floor.  He
had a buldging hard on that pointed straight up as he sat back on
the bed.  Jenny looked intently at her brother's tool, stopping
just short of grabbing it.  "Now it's your turn,"  he reminded
her.

"Let me do it under the cover and then you can pull the cover
back," she asked her brother.  Realizing that it was going to
take a little time for his sister to completely get over her
modesty, he agreed noting that he was still making tremendous
progress as it was.  When she said okay, he pulled back the
comforter.  Jennifer had pulled off her Pajama bottoms and
panties but left her top on.  She was on her stomach and once
again went back to browsing through the book.

Jeremy decided not to press the issue of her pajama top yet, but
instead placed his hand back up into her crack.  As he moved his
finger in and out, he watched the movement of her bare butt.  It
looked so beautiful, perfectly round and white.  As his finger
fucking got more intense he watched his sister react by starting
to move her ass up and down in a fucking motion.  She was well
lubed and he was up to two fingers inside her.

Jennifer had placed a hand behind her and was now exploring her
brother's balls and throbbing cock.  "Have you ever done it with
a girl before?" she asked her brother.

"No.  None of my girlfriends would ever let me get past the
feeling stages," he replied.  "You know, Jen, if you weren't my
sister, I'd want you to be my girlfriend.   I think you're really
cute!"

"Oh, you're just saying that." she said in rebuttal

"No, I mean it."  he said as he lay down next to his sister, put
his hand softly on the side of her face  and kissed her.  The
kiss became more passionate and soon their tongues were exploring
each other's mouths.  Jeremy's hard cock rubbed against his
sister's bare slit and as it touched, both kids felt tingles of
electricity shoot through their whole body.

Both kids had resumed fondeling each others genitals and
Jeremy now had his first view of his sister's mound from the
front.  There was but an almost invisible patch of soft, blonde
pubic hair starting to grow just above her crack.  Jenny's
modesty was totally gone now as her  pajama top had slipped above
her budding breasts but she hadn't bothered to pull it down.
Her brother put his mouth over one of her tits and took the wole
thing in his mouth, teasing the nipple with his tongue.  And as
he continued his fingering of her cunt, his little sister
shuddered into her very first orgasm.

She moaned loudly and thrust her hips up and down causing her
brothers fingers to go very deep into her cunt.  Jeremy knew
instinctively that this was the time and placed his rigid cock
on the opening of her hole.  Her continued thrusting caused her
virgin cunt to swallow his cock, and not until it was half way in
did she realize that she was actually fucking her brother.

"Oh, Jeremy, we're not supposed to be doing this.  But it feels
so great and I love you so much."

"I love you to, Jen, you will always be my secret girlfriend."

Hearing her brother's words, Jenny once again went into a spasmic
orgasm. Her legs were now obscenely spread, her feet straight up
in the air and her ass pumping in response to her brother's cock.
Jeremy drove his tool all the way home now feeling his balls
slapping against his sister's bare ass.  This caused the boiling
in his balls to reach the point of eruption and his hot sticky
sperm spewed into Jennifer's cunt.

Jennifer knew that she was being sprayed because she felt wad
after wad of hot cum filling her hole.  As her brother continued
to pump, she felt the hot, sticky goo run down the crack of her
ass.  Jeremy churned it to a white foam that circled the opening
to her cunt with his continued pumping.  Falling into a final
orgasm,  Jenny wrapped her legs firmly around her brother's waist
and shook until she was totally exhausted

Both kids lay there, arm in arm, for some time before either
spoke.  "I guess we'll have no secrets from now on, will we?"
his sister asked.

"No, we won't.   You're the best sister - and girlfriend - a guy
could ever have!" her brother returned.

And from then on, Jeremy and Jennifer had a very loving and close
relationship.


// You may communicate with the author of this story by leaving a
private message to Steve Jensen on Rusty & Edies BBS, (216) 726-
2620.  I look forward to hearing from you.

