ST:Voyager "The Secret"
Written by:Michael Dotson (MDDOTSON@DELPHI.COM)
Based on the series made by Paramount Studios

It was a quiet time on board the lone star ship Voyager, and the Captain has
decided to use this time for the crew to perform overdue maintenance on the
ship's key systems.

In engineering, Lt. Torres making some upgrades to the computer's memory core
when something went wrong.  "Dammit!!" screamed the half Klingon.  At that time
Commander Chakotay was observing operations in engineering and walk over to
flashing console that B'Elanna was sitting behind.

"Is there a problem Ms. Torres?" softly asked the Commander.  "Yes! I was doing
a routine weed of the computer core to purge all non-essential data and I
accidentally wipe out the ship's security protocol file." Torres explained.

Chakotay took a deep breath and asked, "So B'Elanna, what kind of trouble are
we in?"  "Well without that file all security aboard the ship is gone.
Everything from secret classified information to security locks on crew
quarters is there for anyone to get into." said Torres.

"OK, we are the only two people who are aware of this problem.  I'll inform the
Captain and you keep this real hush, hush.  We don't need any curious crewman
looking through someone's personal logs.  In the meantime can you fix the
security problem?"  said Chakotay.

"Yes, but it will take me a couple of hours to reconstruct the file..... Oh my
God! Commander, if there is someone using the holodeck they could be in grave
danger!" said Torres.

"Explain..." responded Chakotay.  "The holodeck's safety routines are routed
through the security protocol file.  The holodeck can become a death trap."
said B'Elanna.

Chakotay quickly tap his communicator.  "Computer is there anyone presently
using any of the holodecks?" asked the Commander.  "Captain Janeway is
currently using holodeck two." said the computer.

Chakotay tap his communicator again.  "Chakotay to Janeway, can you hear me
Captain?" he said with urgency in his voice.  There was nothing but silence.
"I'm going down there the Captain could be hurt.  You stay here and get the
security protocols back up."  ordered Chakotay.

After a light jog Chakotay was standing at the holodeck doors and began to
walk towards them when the computer came alive.  "The user of this holodeck has
requested private use, security override is required......  Security protocol
file has been disabled...... Opening holodeck doors....."

The doors opened......   The Commander was stunned.  The Captain was in bed
with a computer generated man having sex.  That wasn't what stunned Chakotay,
the couple were doing it doggy style and Kathy was doing the fucking!!!  A nine
inch throbbing dick was sliding in and out of the guy and it was attached to
the Captain!!!

Chakotay mind was blown!!!  After all these months of knowing the Captain he
had no ideal she was a he.  He was completely fooled like so many other times
in the past.  He did his best to fix the situation.

"I'm sorry Captain!! I'm leaving right now." said Chakotay. "COMMANDER!!! Don't
you know how to knock!!! screamed Janeway while jumping off the bed and
grabbing her clothes.

"Captain I can explain.  Lt. Torres lost the ship's security protocol file.  It
turned off all security for all systems including the holodeck safety routines
I wanted to make sure no one was using them.  When I approached the holodeck
doors I encountered your privacy lock-out but the computer let me in anyway
because of the missing security protocol file." said the Commander.

Chakotay glanced at the Captain to see if she was fully dressed, he got a
glimpse of her breast.  They were large with plump pink nipples.  Quickly he
turned away.

"Commander you acted properly I apologize for yelling at you... Dismissed."
order Janeway.

Chakotay left the holodeck dazed and bewildered.  Suddenly he got a call over
his com badge.  "Torres to Chekotay."  The first officer tap his communicator
in response, "You have news for me Lieutenant?"

"Yes good news.  I was able to download a copy of the security protocol file
from the protected archive.  Security is back in place."  she said.  "Well done
B'Elanna.  The Captain is fine. It's the end of my duty shift, I'll be in my
quarters if you need me.  Chekotay out." said the Commander.

Once in his quarters, Chekotay tried putting that shocking experience out of
his mind.  He showered changed out of his uniform into a more native outfit.
He lay in bed while the image of a naked and well hung Captain Janeway went
through his mind.

Chekotay began to experience something he thought he never would.  He was
becoming aroused by his thoughts.  He began to feel a burning curiosity would
it would be like to make love to his dear Captain.  She was all woman and all
man in the package.  His own manhood began to rise and swell.  It throbbed and
pulsated as it poke through his loose fitting garments.  Suddenly, he heard his
door chime sound.  "Thank goodness B'Elanna got security back on line." he
thought as he went to answer the door.

The door slid open, it was Captain Janeway fully dressed in uniform as she
should be.  "Captain......" said Chekotay.  "I didn't mean to disturb you
Commander.  I just came by to apologize for yelling at you.  I understand the
set of unexpected circumstances that caused you to come to the holodeck."

Chekotay stood there a second then invited the Captain in.  Janeway looked very
uncomfortable as she sat down in a chair that he brought for her.  "Captain, I
am sorry that I walk in on you when you were in a very private and intimate
moment.  And I must admit, I wasn't quite expecting what I did see.  But I give
you my word know one will ever know but you and I." he explained.

The Captain looked relieved.  "Thank you Chekotay, only you and the doctor know
my secret.  I have been this way since I was a young adult.  I was going to
have a full sex change but I really was content being half and half.  I found
myself attracting both sexes and it felt wonderful.  Your my first officer and
your opinion is very important to me.  Please don't judge me too harshly.  I
must go now I'll see you in the morning for duty Commander." said Janeway.

As the Captain made her way out the door Chakotay stopped her.  "Captain wait,
there is something I need to tell with you.  After our encounter in the
holodeck, I found myself thinking about it in a way I didn't expect.  I do not
judge you at all.  I am quite turn on by you and wish to share an inanimate
moment with you."

The Captain stopped in her tracks and quickly sat back down.  "Chekotay what
are you saying?" asked Janeway.  "I want to make love to you Captain, I always
have but learning your secret has intensified that desire." he responded.

"And I shocked you Commander?  Your shocking the hell out of me right about
now.  I had no earthly ideal that you was even interested.  It is very
flattering but I think that is inappropriate.  Don't get me wrong your a very
attractive first officer but your still my first officer."  said the Captain.

Chakotay was silent but was not about to take no for an answer. He grab the
Captain and gave her a long passionate kiss.  She struggled at first but she
was overwhelmed by the heat of the moment.  Soon enough they both were in bed
stripped of all clothing.  Janeway began to take her first officer's throbbing
cock into her warm mouth.  He tensed a second then relaxed.

She gave long deep strokes.  Chakotay bucked wildly from the intense pleasure
his Captain was giving him.  His head was spinning and he couldn't not believe he
was get blown by Kathryn Janeway.  Half man, half woman.  Suddenly the
Commander felt a mind blowing orgasm coming. "Oh Captain, I'm going to cum."
said Chakotay in intense pleasure.

The Captain kept sucking long and hard.  Suddenly the first officer's cum
flooded his Captain's throat.  She greedily drank every drop.  After every drop
of cum was drained from him she went to the replicator.  "Computer, a tube of
KY jelly."  she said with a devilish smirk on her face.

She walked to the bed swinging the tube of jelly in her hand at Chakotay.  "I
think it time we recreate the events of the holodeck incident.  It could
provide valuable insight to your fascination with me." she said.

The Commander understood perfectly.  Without hesitation he got in the same
doggy position he seen the holographic image in.   Janeway got behind he and
carefully inserted her tool.  Chakotay moaned softly.  As she began pumping,
the Commander's brief moment of pain turned into extreme pleasure.

The Captain wanted this to be a moment he never forget so she concentrated on
his prostate gland.  She knew if he never experienced a deep anal orgasm that
he was in for a real treat.  The Commander experienced feelings he didn't
realize he had.  Suddenly he had a strange sensation coming over him.  How
could this be possible, he was approaching an orgasm with no stimulation of his
penis at all.

Chakotay was not prepared for the intense nature of anal orgasms.  He
collapsed, screaming like a horny slut.  Another thing was apparent, as long
as the Captain continued to fuck him, the orgasm intensified and wouldn't
stop.  He had lost all control at this point.  The punishment of intense
multiple orgasms have over taken him.  Tears began to stream down his face.

Before long the Captain was beginning to shoot her mighty load.  Semen flooded
the Commander's asshole, making him feel warm on the inside.   They both
collapsed in bed.  They lay there kissing and looking into each other eyes.

"I guess I better be going Commander.  I hope this brought some insight so you
about what you saw." said the Captain.  "Yes it did.....  Can we do it again?"
asked the first officer.

"Let's take it one day at a time, Commander.  If tonight don't affect our
professional relationship......  who knows I just might come knocking at your
door in the middle of th night......." said Janeway.

Not saying anything else, the Captain left Chakotay's quarters.  Chakotay lay
in bed second and began to say  "First officer's personal log.........
Computer fuck it.  I'll keep this one to myself."



THE END
