Archive-name: Amazon/secretar.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Secretary, The


       I had finally gotten a position that allowed me to hire my own
secretary. I was so excited, and I was determined to be very careful and
painstaking about whom I hired. I had interviewed about two dozen
applicants and had the list narrowed down to several possible candidates
when Sally showed up for her interview. When she walked into my office I
was hooked on her. She was pretty; but, more than that she had an air of
confidence about her. Physically she was about 6' tall, being dressed in 
a pant suit I couldn't tell much about her figure, except that it was
definitely all woman.

        The interview began as most of them do with questions about typing
& short hand skills; she was among the top there; previous jobs, etc.. I
asked Sally what her hobbies were and she said, "I like anything athletic.
I keep in shape all the time.  I also like to read and I love photography."
We talked for a while longer and I ended the interview by saying that I was
going to see three more applicants the following day and then I would make
a decision.  Sally thanked me for my time and said, "If you decide to hire
me, I can guarantee you that you won't be sorry.  I hope that you will think
about this as well as my secretarial skills, I'm 6' tall and I'm in great
shape so I can be a real asset as a bodyguard as well; think about it." 

        I did.  All night long.

        I interviewed the three the next day, but Sally was my point of
comparison, and all the other applicants came up short.  I called Sally 
to tell her.  She sounded excited and asked me to come on over to her 
place for a celebration/get to know each other better dinner. I felt that 
it would be a good chance to be informal and get our working relationship 
off on the right foot.  I went over and Sally had prepared a wonderful 
roast with all the trimmings.  After dinner we went into the family room 
and began to talk.

        After a short time Sally asked me, "Now, tell the truth, Tim.  
What made you choose me over the other women?"  

        I decided to be honest with her, and I told her that I had always 
liked athletic women, and that I hoped in time we could develop a working 
relationship as well as a competitive one; however, we would have to keep 
in mind who the boss was.

       Sally began to smile and said, "That sounds great, why don't we
start right now with a wrestling match to see who will be "boss" for the
night.  I'll go change while you take off your coat and stuff."  She 
jumped up and off she went.  I took off my shirt and stuff and Sally 
came back in a robe.  She made a big deal of walking up close to me and 
looking down into my up turned face.  She was 6'3" with her heels on and 
I was definitely intimidated; just the reaction she wanted. She said, "Now,
let's get this clear first.  I want you to try your hardest.  I know you
won't beat me, but try anyway, and this session tonight will be the first 
of many.  Are you ready to see what you're up against?" 

       I had only seen Sally in a pant suit up to this point; when she
untied her robe she let it fall open and then drop to the floor.  My breath
caught as I looked at her in the two piece bathing suit.

        "Not a bad bod, huh, boss?  Want some figures?  Biceps - 16 1/2",
chest - 40C, waist - 28, hips - 36, thighs - 28, and calves - 16 1/2.
Would you like to feel my arms?"

        With that, she lifted both arms up and her arm muscles exploded.  
They were hard as stone, and I knew I was totally out classed.

       Sally wrapped her arms around my neck, squeezed suddenly and I
immediately began to submit.  She let go and with a laugh said, "Wow, 
this is really going to be fun.  I don't think you're going to last very 
long if that little squeeze was too much for you.  I think I'll put you 
out cold with my arms first and then we'll move on to the real power,
 my legs."  

Sally backed away from me, then motioned me over with a crooked finger.
I hesitated and she really laughed and repeated the motion.  I was
hesitant as I approached her; before I knew what happened she stepped
forward and put me into a bear hug.  Her arms began to crush me like a 
Boa Constrictor and I was getting light headed as I begged for her to 
stop.  Before I went out she dropped me and I fell in a heap at her feet.  
Sally lifted me back up by my hair and then she gently placed my hand on 
her arm as she flexed her bicep.  Without a word she put me into another 
headlock and squeezed me until I passed out.

       I came to with her straddling me looking down at my spent body; 
she had a beautiful smile on her face as she put her leg on my chest and 
did a double bicep pose.  Then she said, "Well, boss, I guess you know 
now you don't what it takes to compete with me.  You think my arms are 
strong, wait till you feel these long legs work on you.  Reach up here 
and feel this calf muscle."  I reached up and ran my hand across her 
solid leg; I could see and feel the diamond shape of her beautiful, and 
well defined calf.  "Now feel my thigh.  You'll need both hands for these 
babies.  I think I'll knock you out first with a standing neck scissors 
using my calves, then finish you off with my thighs.  By the time I'm 
through with you tonight, you'll be so addle brained that you'll have
trouble remembering your name; but, I'll bet you will do whatever I tell 
you to do without thinking about it."

       I reached up and put both hands on her thigh as she flexed.  The
muscles were hard as stone and I knew that I was not even close to her
class in strength. Sally reached down and controlled my head as she placed
my neck between her calves.  She counted to three and then slowly raised up
on her toes and with one sudden tensing of her legs she had me begging for
mercy.  "You give?  You give what?  You can't have had enough already; I'm
not squeezing that hard am I?"

       Sally was laughing as I thrashed around moaning and hitting on her
legs to try and ease the pain.  "I'm not through with this hold yet, little
man; I want to watch your face as I increase and decrease the pressure. 
Wonder what colors I can make your face turn?  It's sort of pink now; lets
increase the pressure some.  Look, it's turning red.  Are you choking?  Now 
a little more pressure.  Wow, your face is turning white; I must be cutting
off the blood supply to your brain.  Guess what happens now?  Yep, I'm gonna
knock you out!"  And she did.  I came to about five minutes later and Sally
was standing over my body slapping my head from side to side with her foot
trying to "wake me."  As I did she leaned over, I thought her boobs were 
going to fall out onto my face, and said, "That was only round one of the
calf treatment.  Here comes round two."

       Sally stepped up to my head and once again raised my neck up to her
calves. She stood up on her toes and flexed her legs and I was out again.
This time when I came to she repeated the same thing. After regaining
consciousness this time Sally raised me to my feet and then caught me in a
bear hug. I thought she was going to put me out again with the incredible
strength of her arms; but just before I went out she released me. She had
to hold me up as she crossed her arms around my waist and lifted me up,
swinging my legs up in the air above her head. Then she swung my head
toward her thighs. She flexed them as my head hit against them. She
repeated this several times; then she opened her legs and slammed my head
between her thighs. "Ok, wimpy, now for some real power.  I'm going to
knock you out with my thighs several times before I end the evening session."
Crush went the thighs, and I went out again.  I came to still being held 
upside down.  Crush went the thighs, and I went out again.  She did this 
about four times.

       When I came around Sally came over to me and said, "If you don't
want me to work you over anymore tonight, then I want you to give me a 
pay raise."  I readily agreed.  Then she said, "I also want you to strip
down to your birthday suit and put on a 'muscle show' with your weak 
little male muscles."  As I posed for her she would feel my muscle, then 
feel her muscle and laugh at me for being so weak.  At about 11 PM, Sally 
said, "Go home and get some rest boss.  Tomorrow we'll work on our office 
routine."

       The next day at the office Sally came in and shut my office door. 
"How's your head feel this morning boss?"  Then she walked over to my chair,
put her foot in between my legs, flexed her calf muscle and gently placed
my hand on it.  Immediately my mind went reeling, my breath caught and I 
was trembling.  "Very good, little one, you do remember what these babies 
did to you, don't you?  Don't worry, I won't make you give me a raise every 
day; but I am going to knock you out at least once each day.  I won't tell 
you how or when until it's time.  There's one thing.  I want you to hire 
me a secretary.  He'll do the secretarial stuff for both of us and I can 
devote my full time to bodyguard work and the physical things.  I'll come  
and go as I please."  To emphasize this, Sally placed my hand on her bicep 
and flexed.  "Are there any objections?"  I said of course not.  Then Sally
grabbed a handful of hair, walked me out to the center of my office and
slammed my face into her boobs as her strong arms squeezed my head like a
grape.  I went under the black sea of unconsciousness.

       When I came to there was a note from Sally that said, "Strip and
wait for me.  If you don't, you'll be sorry when I get back."  I did not 
sit in my chair naked waiting for her to return.  I thought enough of this; 
what if someone were to come in and see me like this.

       When Sally returned she came into the office and when she saw that
I was still dressed a big smile crossed her face. She closed and locked my
door and began to remove her clothes.  My attempts to stop her from doing
this were to no avail.  Sally obviously expected this to happen as she was
wearing a very skimpy bikini.  "I knew you would still offer some resistance 
to that note.  But, after this training session, you'll do what I tell you
to do.  Just look at these muscles and think about what I could have done
to you last night.  Today, we're gonna go into the advanced course."  

        She walked over to me and lifted me out of my chair by my tie.  Then 
she began to take off my coat; I tried to resist her until she put me into a 
headlock and crushed my neck until I began to see stars.  Sally let up and 
ordered me to strip.  This time I complied.  As I stood before her naked she 
walked up to me and began to rub her body over mine.  I responded.  Then she 
grabbed my manhood in her hand and slowly began to squeeze.  Just as I began 
to complain, she gave one solid crush and I couldn't talk.  The pressure 
continued and I could taste the bile in my throat.  I was crying in pain 
as Sally began to taunt me with, "I can crush an apple to pulp with my 
hands; feel this arm or I'll do the same thing to you.  I'm going to turn
you into a jerk off man.  When you come to, the only way to relieve the 
pain will be to masturbate and I want to watch you do it."

       Sally took me to the edge of passing out several times, and lifted
my ass up off the floor by pulling up on my dick before she finally squeezed 
me so hard that I passed out from the pain.  She was laughing at me the whole 
time she tortured me.  When I came to, Sally walked over and straddled my 
totally spent body and said, "Now, peewee, when I tell you to do something 
do you think you can obey me?  If not, we'll do this as often as it takes
to make a believer out of you.  I'm gonna work you over every day anyway;
but, the amount of pain you suffer will depend upon how quickly and
efficiently you obey my commands.  Now unless you want to wrestle with 
me some more, I want to see you play with your little wennie.  You won't 
be much good at anything but some tongue action for awhile.  I've made you
a 'jerk off man' just as I told you I would.  Now, pound that pud!"

        And I did.  In fact I had to masturbate several times; Sally had 
told me to call her each time so she could watch the result of her handy 
work.  As I would beat off she would sit and flex her arm or leg muscles 
and feel them; laughing at how she had so easily reduced me to a scared 
little boy.  After I cum, she would let me feel and kiss her pumped up 
muscles.  

        What a secretary!
--
