THE SECRETARY
-------------

You thought that you would always be a homemaker. When you got
married it looked great and then it seemed routine and then, it
was five years later and you thought that that was it. Now, here
you are, back as a secretary in a new job. You have been working
for a full week now and you are beginning to settle in. You found
that your fingers remembered how to type even when you thought
that you had forgotten. Your supervisor is a svelte looking woman
who has a particularly stern manner. Your boss is one of the most
attractive men you know. He is tall, strong, dark haired with the
sexiest voice you have ever heard. His name is Mr. Rusko and he
and your supervisor, Miss Branck have made every effort to start
you off in the new job. They told you that you would have a one
week trial period and that you had that time to get yourself back
up to speed. They were very generous in telling you that any
mistakes made during the trial period would be forgiven. Miss
Branck was very pleasant as she pointed out the errors that you
had made and by the end of the week, she had almost none to show you.

You were pleased that both she and Mr. Rusko complimented you on
your work. You noticed, however, that some of the other girls who
have been with the company a while did not get the same treatment
over their mistakes. Just before you left the office on Friday,
you remember seeing Jeannie, the girl in the desk next to yours,
called by Miss Branck. Jeannie looked nervous as she went over to
talk to her. You saw that Miss Branck looked very strict while
she talked to her. Jeannie wasn't very talkative when she came
back to her desk and when you invited her out for an after work
drink, she told you that she had to stay late to speak to Mr.
Rusko and Miss Branck. She looked awfully nervous and you wonder
why. Surely they wouldn't fire her for some typing mistakes, you
think to yourself.

Now, as you enter the office, you see that Jeannie is already at
her desk looking as chipper as ever. "Good Morning Jeannie.", you
say to her pleasantly. "Hi there.", she replies. "How did your
Friday meeting go with the gruesome twosome?", you joke. Jeannie
immediately blushes red and she avoids your look. "It was O.K.",
she stammers. This has you even more curious. "Did you get into
trouble?", you ask. She nods her head. "How come you're so
nervous about it.", you ask her. She looks over at you coyly.
"You'll find out.", she says. Now you are really curious. What
does she mean? "Tell me.", you say. Jeannie blushes again. "I
can't.", she whispers. You insist and finally she relents.
"O.K.", she says, "but you can't tell anyone I told you." You
promise. "Well, sometimes, when I've made a lot of mistakes, Miss
Branck and Mr. Rusko make me stay after work is over and then
they punish me for my mistakes."

Your eyes open wide in disbelief as a shiver runs down your
spine. "What do you mean?", you say. "It's not just me.", says
Jeannie, "most of the younger girls get punished that way. When I
first got told to stay late, I was brought up to Mr. Rusko's
office and they made me sit down and then they told me about all
of my mistakes. There weren't a lot but they made a big deal
about it. They finally gave me a choice. They said that they knew
that I was capable of good work and that I could either leave the
company or choose to be punished by them. Anyway, I didn't want
to leave, so I let them punish me." Your face is flushed at this
story and you notice that your pussy is already soaking wet at
the story.

"How did they punish you?", you ask. Jeannie hesitates a long
time before she answers, "They spanked me just like a little
girl." You are really in an uproar now. Jeannie turns back to
your work and you start on your own but your mind is in a
turmoil. The image of young Jeannie being turned over Mr. Rusko's
knee turns you on like crazy. Dominance and submission games are
your favorite thing anyway and you imagine that Jeannie is lying
across your knee and that you are lifting her skirt and lowering
her panties. You look over at her and pretend that her thighs and
buttocks are slowly becoming revealed. Your thoughts drift in and
out of the exciting thoughts all morning and by the time lunch
rolls around, you take a break in the washroom to masturbate. You
have to bite your tongue while your fingers bring your wet pussy
to a shattering orgasm in only a few strokes. You are a little
calmer after lunch, but every time you look at Jeannie, you get
turned on all over again.

Miss Branck calls you over in the late afternoon. "The work you
did last week was actually very high in quality.", she tells you,
"But I see that there are a number of rather simple mistakes in
today's effort. This is really not acceptable. I will expect an
immediate improvement or I'll have to take some kind of action."
You are embarrassed at the scolding and you resolve yourself to
improve your work. You continue on with your day and your work
does improve. At home that night, your thoughts turn again to the
'punishments' of Miss Branck and Mr. Rusko. You wonder what it
would be like to be submissive to the two of them at once. The
thought is at once exciting and disconcerting. Our lovemaking
that night is the best it has been in ages and you surrender
yourself totally to it. You ask me to tie your hands together and
you love the feeling of being helpless while being brought to an
orgasm.

The next morning, you arrive to work with a glow on your face and
it doesn't go unnoticed by Jeannie. "Great night last night?",
she teases. You blush as you tell her about your lovemaking. Her
eyes open wide. "You really let him tie you up?", she asks. You
nod your head. "I could tell you a lot of stuff I've done," you
tell her, "but I'd better do it after work." Jeannie looks so
interested that maybe you'll actually tell her some of the things
you have done. You promise to go out with her after work and
exchange girl-talk. She would probably be turned on about finding
out what it would be like to submit herself to someone else
totally. Work continues as per usual but again today you are
distracted by the thoughts of your own sexuality.

Just before the end of the day, Miss Branck calls you over to her
desk. "Your work still contains a number of mistakes.", she says,
"I am really quite surprised. I think that your quality was
better last week than today. In any case, Mr. Rusko and I would
like to speak to you about it today right after work. Please wait
for me and we'll go up to his office together." Your heart skips
a beat. Your mind goes into overdrive and you head back to your
desk as though you are in a daze. You wonder if they plan to
punish you just like Jeannie. What would that be like you think.
You hope that they don't and you hope that they do. Jeannie looks
at you curiously as you sit down. "Are you O.K.?", she asks. You
nod your head. "I have to stay late tonight.", you tell her,
"Maybe we could meet later instead." Her eyes open wide. "Oh...",
she says. She writes her address down on a piece of paper. It is
not far from the office.

A few short minutes later, you and Miss Branck are alone in the
office. "Come with me.", she says. You follow her to the elevator
and up to the fourth floor. You notice that your hands are
perspiring and that you are really nervous. You enter Mr. Rusko's
office and sit down as instructed. Miss Branck sits next to you.
"Well, young lady", says Mr. Rusko, "It seems that our
congratulations were premature. Now, I know that you are capable
of quality work so the only conclusion I can come to is that you
simply aren't paying attention. Let me tell you the way that we
handle slovenly work here. We give the girls a choice. We tell
them that they can go and work for a company that is interested
in low quality work or they can choose to be punished here by
Miss Branck and myself. I can assure you that you will not find
the punishment comfortable. However, we have noticed that those
employees who have been punished are generally, happier and much
more productive. Now you also have that choice. Which will it
be?" Your heart is racing at a mile a minute. You really don't
want to be punished but the thought of it is a turn on and
besides, you really don't want to leave the company. "I'll be
punished by you.", you say in a whisper. Mr. Rusko smiles. "Miss
Branck will prepare you then.", he says.

Miss Branck stands up and takes you into the next room. Her look
is quite severe. You bow your head submissively and wait for her
instructions. "Remove all of your clothing.", she says. Your
hands are trembling as you reach for the buttons on your dress.
It soon falls to the floor and is soon followed by your, slip,
stockings and panties. Soon your are wearing nothing but your
jewelry. You wait patiently while you look at the floor. Miss
Branck stands back to admire your trim form. Her eyes linger on
your shaved pussy and you see her smile. "Very pretty.", she
says. She hands you a standard hospital gown that opens in the
back. It is short and comes down to just below your buttocks but
it does cover you. She turns you around and does up the one tie
in the back at the top. She turns you around again and looks to
make sure that you are ready. You are mortified that your nipples
have become quite hard and that your pussy is soaking wet. She
takes you by the arm and brings you back into Mr. Rusko's office.
The gown opens with every step you take and you know that in a
moment it will be completely exposed.

Miss Branck moves to the middle of the room and sits down in a
straight-backed chair. "Lie over my lap.", she says to you.
Hesitantly you do so, feeling the strange feeling of her nylons
against your bare skin. The gown falls naturally to the sides to
expose your buttocks to their gaze. You feel her cool hands touch
you for the first time. Her left hand is in the small of your
back and holds you firmly in the proper position. Her other hand
rests gently on your smooth bottom. The spanking starts suddenly
and you feel her sharp stinging slaps strike first one cheek then
the other. The spanking goes on for some time and the heat rises
slowly from your bottom as it continues. The heat travels
directly to your pussy as the erotic punishment continues. You
know that you are soaking wet and you hope they don't find out.
The whole event seems to happen in a daze as though to someone
else. Miss Branck stands you up and you feel your bottom is hot.
You think that this it is over and you wait for her to bring you
back to your clothes. Instead she brings you over to the corner
of the room. "You'll stand her 'on display' until we tell you,"
she says.

She places you facing the corner just like a five-year-old who
has just been chastised. Your face turns red at the embarrassing
position. You feel her hands at your neck and suddenly the gown
is untied and she lets it fall to the floor. You are now
completely naked in the corner of the office and they have you
stand there for perhaps five minutes displaying your red bottom.
The heat in your bottom gradually diminishes until the warmest
thing about you is wet slit. The spanking by this woman has
turned you on and you have no idea what is to come next. The five
minutes seem to go on forever and you can sense Mr. Rusko and
Miss Branck looking at your helpless body. Finally you hear Mr.
Rusko's voice, "All right, then I'll complete your punishment
now. Come here." You hesitate for a moment. You know that as you
turn around, you will be exposing your entire body to him and you
are embarrassed to do that. Blushing yet again, you finally turn
around and with your eyes downcast submissively, you shuffle over
to him. He has you stand beside his chair for a moment as he
looks at you. Your hands have naturally covered yourself and he
instructs you to lower them. You do so and he looks directly at
your firm breasts and their hard nipples and your shaven slit.
You know that your hot juices are easily visible on your bare
pussy lips thus betraying your turned on condition.

He makes you stand there for a moment while he opens his drawer
and takes out a black leather strap and lays it on his desk. His
large, strong hands reach out to take your wrists and pull you
over his lap. He lays the cold leather strap on your buttocks and
you shiver as you imagine the sensation of the spanking to come.
His strokes start a moment later and your bottom is given a good
paddling. When he stands you up again, your bottom is hot and
there are a couple of tears on your cheeks. You stand before them
submissively, no longer attempting to cover yourself as they tell
you that they expect to see better work from you in the future.
You dress hurriedly and leave the building a few minutes later.

You are walking in a kind of daze as you find yourself at
Jeannie's apartment. She lets you in right away. Her look is
concerned as you walk in. "Are you O.K.?", she asks. You nod your
head. "Did they.... spank you?" Again you nod your head. "Well,
maybe I could put some lotion on for you or something. Would that
help?" She leads you into her bedroom and helps take off your
dress. You lie on your stomach, naked again in front of a strange
woman as she begins gently rubbing lotion into your hot bottom.
Her fingers stroke you gently and you feel yourself becoming more
and more turned on. You hear her start to breath deeply and
without saying anything, you spread your legs slowly apart. Her
hands naturally slide lower and lower until her fingers discover
your wetness. You turn over and pull her face into your shaven
pussy. Her long, hot tongue slides right into you and the licking
of your pussy juices is soon followed up by the roving tongue
finding your hard clit. Jeannie's hands move up your body to
pinch your nipples hard and you let out a loud moan. Your orgasm
seems to start deep in your body and spread outward right to your
fingertips. It goes on for a long time and you cry out at the
pleasure. Afterwards, you and Jeannie lie together, "I know what
it's like.", she tells you, "I'm always so turned on after it
happens." You rest for awhile before making love again. This time
it is you who brings her to a climax. By the time you get home,
it is late but it is a warm, smiling, satisfied woman who comes
home to recount the hottest story she can remember happening in a
long time.

THE END

