Secretary
by deirdre

Your stories are perverted.  Now you may think I'm a prude, but I'm 
not: in fact, I enjoy reading stories about sex.  Sex is a part of life 
and is good.  But you print these stories about things like 
sadomasochism and lesbianism!  Sick!  Normal people stay as far 
away from them as possible!  For example, my husband, Matt went 
out of town on business recently and he decided I would get lonely 
spending all those evenings alone.  So he arranged with his 
secretary, Joan, to have dinner with me one night.  She said she liked 
to cook and suggested we have dinner at her apartment.

I arrived and discovered Joan had gone all out: she was dressed in an 
absolutely stunning black cocktail dress and was gorgeous.  You 
might think I was jealous of Matt for having a secretary like Joan, 
but in fact, I'm very careful not to bother him about her: if a man is 
nagged about being unfaithful, he gets the idea that he might as well 
earn the nagging.

Well Joan sat me down at her dining table which was lit by candle 
light and was absolutely perfect.  After trying her duck l'orange and 
her wine, and watching her across the table from me smiling and 
talking, I sat there thinking that if she ever treated Matt like this, it 
would be impossible for him to resist her.  I mentally made a note to 
prevent him from visiting Joan for dinner at all costs.  I wondered 
whether my *no jealousy* policy really was appropriate.

The desert was a cherry cheesecake and it was perfect too.  
Afterwards, we sat in the living room drinking wine and talking and 
somehow Joan came to mention how lucky I was to have a man like 
Matt.  I was immediately alert, trying to figure out what her plans 
were in that area.  She went on to say that I had everything: I was 
attractive, I had money, and I had a great husband.  I countered that 
she certainly was attractive and was fantastic at entertaining.

Well, she asked if I *really* thought she was attractive.  Her words 
made me assume she was fishing for a compliment, but I watched 
her closely and she seemed like she really doubted it.  And she 
wanted to know if I thought she was sexy.  I told her she was sexy 
beyond belief.  Then she opened a drawer in an end table next to the 
couch and pulled out a *ping-pong paddle*.  Then in what seemed like 
one motion, she drew the dress up over her body and head and she 
was completely nude!  And before I knew what happened, she was 
laying face down over my lap and handing me the paddle!

I couldn't believe it--nothing had prepared me for the shock!  I 
looked down at her smooth, curved body and looked at the paddle in 
my hand.  Believe me, it was tempting to use that paddle on that 
perfectly formed rear end, which she wriggled invitingly, and teach 
her a lesson about being so dangerous.  I sat there pondering the idea 
as I slowly rubbed the edge of the paddle across her rear cheeks.  I 
was ready to do it.

But I knew that one thing would lead to another, and soon I would be 
offering her *my* rear to paddle.  I came to my senses, slipped out 
from underneath her, grabbed my coat and purse, and left as quickly 
as I could.  So you see, normal people are not into such things.  I'd 
like to see more stories with good, clean hetro sex.
