Archive-name: School/secthoug.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Second Thoughts


	Margi opened her eyes and let them adjust to the dim room. As
the shadows became forms over the next minutes, she knew it was not her
room. A glance to her left revealed the form sleeping beside her. A few
moments of delving into the hazy fog of the evening before informed her
that her companion was 'Garry' from Omega Chi. She remembered the sex
and the brief snuggle before he turned to fall asleep.
	She carefully lifted the warm sheet from her naked body and got
out of the bed. 'Garry' rolled into the center and sprawled out. His
soft snoring didn't miss a beat. Margi spent painstaking minutes trying
to find all of her clothes in the dim light from the window. She
succeeded in finding everything except her panties which she gave up on
after several frustrating minutes. She slipped into the bathroom and
cleaned up.
	She heard his door lock automatically when she shut it on her
way out. It was 4am and Margi had not felt so low in her life. 'Garry' 
was sexy and had even tried to push her buttons in bed for a few
minutes before commencing to fuck her. But she did not come, nor get
that excited. As always, she faked it to cover herself. Why bring him
down, she thought.
	As she walked home through the warm breezy June night, she
looked at all the campus buildings, so full of people and life in the
daytime, so quiet at night. Something had to change.

	Her roommate was asleep when Margi slipped in their apartment. 
She undressed and slipped into a pair of warm pajamas. She felt close
to home in them, and the world was not such a scary place. Her bed gave
her a few hours of sleep before classes in the morning.

	Sitting in her first class at 8:55am, Margi couldn't really
shake the depression she'd felt last night. She'd seen two guys on the
way to class that she'd gone to bed with. They didn't even meet her
gaze. Not the way to start a day.
	The class filled up with people sluggish from another summer
semester night of partying. There were a few people who looked eager
and refreshed, but she had never talked to them much.
	As the class got started, Margi noticed one of the awake people
kept taking off-hand glances her way. She took a quick check of herself
to make sure nothing embarrasing was out of place or open. She tried to
catch his eye, but he always turned away. She dismissed it and returned
to listening to the lecture.

	Later that day, she walked to the campus Cafeteria/Restaurant. 
Having gotten herself a light lunch she looked around for places to
sit. She saw him motion for her to join him. 'Why not.' she asked, not
feeling like sitting alone.
	He stood when she got there. 'Strange'.
	His name was Adam, and yes he was in her 9am Math class. He
seemed unsure of himself and she found herself lapsing into silence
over her food.
	After a few minutes, he spoke.
	"How are you doing in Martin's class?" She looked up at him. 
Her pause was awkward and she shook it off as a burp in the digestive
tract of life.
	"OK, I guess. I'm still having trouble with the formulas in
chapter 17. I 'spect I'll work it out soon."
	"I didn't have too much trouble working out 17. If you want, I
could meet you sometime and go over it with you."
	Margi saw it all as plain as day. A study session and bite to
eat afterwards, couple of dates, one hot night and the cold shoulder. 
She couldn't bring herself to do it.
	"I think I can handle it. Thanks for the offer." She regretted
it as soon as she'd said it. He looked crushed. She realized that his
ego was far more fragile than your average fraternity man or jock.
	"Maybe we could study for the next mid-term though." she
asked. He seemed brightened a little, but he'd taken it deeply.
	"OK, whenever you're free." His lunch was finished, and he took
the opportunity for a convienent exit after polite goodbyes.
	'Great. That helped a lot.' thought Margi. She wrote off the
day and went back to her apartment for some studying.

	The next day, Margi was surprised when Adam sat next to her in
class and started up some gentle conversation. She looked for all the
signs of lines or strategies to get her, but she couldn't figure him
out. The class went well, and he did help her with one problem that she
missed with the lecturer. As the rest of the students got up to leave, 
he asked her to hang back.
	"I was wondering what you were doing Friday night." he seemed
hesitant but sincere. 'Doing anything to avoid the bars and men', she
thought to herself.
	"I hadn't really made up my mind, but I was thinking of renting
some videos and kicking back at my apartment with my roommate, Shelly. 
Why?"
	"I don't know if I could compete with that," they smiled," but
I was thinking of going to a movie theater and catching something up
for an Oscar. So I could say I saw it when the pollsters come around." 
Margi dropped all her soul-wrenching confusion, or at least put it on
hold.
	"I've got a better offer. Two movies for $3 and all the popcorn
you can eat. 105 East Main Apt #7. Deal?" He looked really pleased.
	"Sounds great, what time?" She gathered her stuff into her
backpack as she worked the numbers.
	"Say 7 o'clock?" 
	"Perfect. See you then." He rushed off to his next class across
campus.
	Margi headed home wondering what movies she wanted to see.

	Shelly had left a note on the door of the refrigerator. "Gone
home to visit folks. Back late Sunday. Eat popcorn for me."
	"What have I gotten myself into?"

--
