Educated to Serve
by Carolyn

******
 
Robert was an ideal candidate,  of medium height,  not heavily boned, 
fair skin and with fine features and large blue eyes. His guardian 
step-mother was allied to a most unusual plan,  to develop boys in 
Robert's position to  the  peak  of femininity  for service in an 
exclusive club.  The finished product commanded a great deal of money.  
    The boy was first introduced to his panties by way of punishment, 
but later as his protestations abated,  he  became  acclimated  with  
other  inducements, including  increased  allowances.  His step-mother 
was very convincing when she told him she had always wanted a daughter 
and would he,  for her sake,  try  to please her from time to time.  She 
could be very sweet,  kind and generous when he did so and "wasn't it 
quite harmless?" 
    However, Robert discovered he could not just pretend he was not 
wearing his "training" panties because by careful and ingenious design  
they  simply  could not be ignored.  They were of satin and lace trim 
always of the finest quality, fitted  perfectly  to  his  measurements.  
But  they were also made of a double fabric that smoothly pulled and slid 
over his posterior  with  every  movement. They  could not be ignored and 
so the voluptuous feeling,  constantly imparted, slowly changed the boy's 
psyche.  Later, on occasion,  he was introduced to the complimentary 
feelings engendered by petticoats, skirts and nylons.  The timing was  
so  measured  that  he  failed  to realize how irreversible was the change
taking place,  except to  question  his  manhood.  Robert  was  to  
meet  other boy/girls  programmed  the  same  way,  all  luxurious,  
talented and expensive commodities.  
    But  first  one  more  important  step  had  to  be taken.  It was 
to be an operation if he agreed to his  step-mother's  offer,  involving  
a  substantial trust fund.  He would then agree to live as a daughter for 
five years.  Not too bad,  he  thought,  I am only 19.  However he 
insisted on keeping his essential man-hood.  You see,  he was still 
rationalizing that what was and had been done to him he could, if he 
desired, reverse.  By placating this last vestige of the male  ego  he 
felt less ashamed.  The operation proceded,  Robert secure in the belief 
that this would mean breast  implants  and  minor  facial  surgery.  The
step-mother  directed  otherwise  and  "Bobbie" the girl he was to 
become,  was given a vagina as well.  To keep  her  promise,  the  
step-mother  had  a  very special  device  made for her new daughter that 
would provide her with a penis, so fulfilling her side of the bargain!  
The device was  a  fully  erect  double ended  rubber  penis,  one  end  
of  which  was  designed to fit the new vagina perfectly and held in 
place by a close fitting smooth rubber disc  mated  to  a latex panty 
harness.  
    When  Bobbie emerged from the operation she protested bitterly,  as 
she was constantly reminded that the terms had been met adequately.  
Strict discipline, hormones,  and training now followed until Bobbie's 
resistance melted  and  the change  was  accepted.  She  noticed  now  
the  smooth  fit  of her panties and thrilled at the feel and sight of 
her new breasts.  The stage was set  for  the final chapter.  
    Bobbie gasped as the fitted gag was removed following a silent 
introduction to  her  sponsors.  She  would  remain  silent.  She  has  
been presented fully altered as required and was wearing her rubber 
penis, a true boy/girl with just a touch of boyishness,  again as 
required.  There were others like herself  and all dressed as she was 
exactly,  short bouffant skirts, nipped waists, tailored blouses reveling 
perfectly formed implanted breasts,  dark nylons and 4" heels. All had 
the same hair style,  a page boy.  Could this really be true?  She felt
an immediate attachment and friendship,  a mutual understanding as  
their  eyes met.  She  was in an expensively decorated spacious room,  
the lights were very low, there were several beautiful real girl maids in 
attendance and a number of young men.  Seeing the men seemed to  
concentrate  her  attention  on  her  own rubber penis and how she 
related to the girls there,  not as a man and severely conscious of the 
loss of her manhood was only accented by her substitute penis.
    A cool shiver went up her spine as she felt a hand  on  her  waist.  
Bobbie found herself pulled onto a man's lap and then felt one hand 
holding her breast while  the  other pulled on her penis,  sending 
electric feeling throughout her body.  She had never been handled by a 
man and she  felt  acutely  her  passive position.  The  feeling  was as 
thrilling as it was frightening,  especially as she noticed the nipples 
of her breasts standing erect.  Bobbie was reacting  as she  had  been  
programmed  to do,  as a young girl would be expected to react. Bobbie 
now felt her face flush red and body tremble when she  observed  one  of
the other boy/girls on her knees preparing to receive a cock in her mouth.  
    "No,  I  will  not submit to that," she exclaimed and tried to stand 
up but found she was restrained by the hand holding her rubber penis.  
They, they were all being controlled by this method.  She felt helpless 
as she tried to imagine what her fate would be like. One of the maids 
came up behind her and fastened a bib around her neck.  The suggestion 
was not lost on Bobbie and again she tried to leave his lap as she felt 
her face flush again.  The maid whispered  in  her ear  that she would 
know when it was her turn,  "When I am instructed to fasten your hair 
behind your head with a ribbon." Soon the man nodded,  and  the  maid
again  approched  to  tie  her  hair  back  out of the way with a large 
taffeta ribbon.  Bobbie was now ready as she was lowered onto  her  
knees  by  her  new master.  
    Now Bobbie did not perceive herself to be homosexual,  but was that 
now the case?  Her mind was whirling and her nipples felt tight and  
strained.  "Surely this is how a girl must feel.  I cannot deny my 
feelings," she mused.  The cock came  out,  it  looked so huge that it 
made her feel delicate as a flower.  His hand was gently stroking the 
shaft as it continued to grow.  Then her head  was suddenly  pulled  back 
as they quickly applied a scented creamy lipstick.  
    "Now  you are ready my dear," just as Bobbie pleaded with her master 
to put on a rubber.  Her voice was interrupted  as  with  a  gentle  
thrust  the  cock entered her mouth.  As her lips closed around the head 
she was at once aware of the  perfect  fit  and  how  completely  it  
filled her mouth and satisfied the strange yearning to be dominated which 
she had felt since she met this man. Her jaws were stretched,  but not 
painfully so,  and she could see the shaft as she looked  down.  Her  
finger  instinctively  circled  its base.  She felt utterly helpless but 
compelled by feminine inclinations to please.  Following  four  or five  
minutes  of  gentle  movement  to condition her mouth and create a proper
receptive attitude and just as she was warming to the helpless feeling  
surging through her body, the cock was removed.  
    "Bobbie,  you are going to be very good,  you suck quite naturally, 
as well as a girl would be expected to do. Here have a glass of wine." 
    During this interlude Bobbie talked to the young man who had so  
completely dominated her.  But the talk was of experiences, geographical, 
background, just as two strangers might. They were both about age 21, 
both had boyhoods, and for a  moment it was on a one-for-one basis.  
Bobbie was brought back to reality as she noticed him stroking his cock 
in preparation for further penetration.  This time Bobbie felt a cold 
chill of  anticipation.  She  could  faintly  hear  the sucking noises, 
tiny gasps and sighs in the background.  She lowered herself to her knees 
on the pillow provided.  Again she was facing the huge cock, but this
time with a certain eagerness.  Now her head was moving down,  guided by 
a hand on the back of her neck.  
    "Don't be afraid to swallow,  Bobbie,  you won't choke if you do,  
and  the ejaculate is known to firm the breasts." 
    Bobbie had not bargained for this and tried to pull away,  but the 
cock was forced into her mouth as her head was held firmly.  At last 
Bobbie prepared  to take  it,  concentrating on the many strange female 
feelings flooding over her. Soon she was moving her head along the shaft  
in  full  cooperation.  Her  hand dropped  to  her rubber penis and as 
she pulled at its length she felt the cock inside, felt she really 
belonged where she was, aware of her bib, her tied-back hair,  the scent 
of the perfumed lipstick,  the pull of her panties  under  her flaired  
skirt,  and painted fingernails as she looked at her hand circling the
base of the shaft before her eyes. Yes, the beating of her heart.  
    It was almost as though the  cock  was  a  thing  by  itself  and  
she  was controlling it with her movements.  After what seemed like a 
long time, perhaps 30 minutes, Bobbie was startled to hear a man's voice.  
    "You're  doing fine,  baby." The voice brought everything  back into  
perspective. She was having her first affair with a man, and she was 
going all  the way.  She thought, "I must swallow fast and hard," because 
by now she was  determined not to choke so that the cock  would  not 
have to be pulled out.  She was going to  do  it right to please her 
man.  As she was thinking these  thoughts  she felt his hand return to 
her neck.  At the same time the thrusting began. He was in control of the 
motion now and she felt only as a receptacle.  Like  a  steam  piston it 
moved.  At one  point  the strokes  became  too long and the cock popped 
out,  but  just  as quickly inserted again to resume at the same pace.  
    Bobbie's  mind was now filled with anticipation of what it would be 
like to know the ultimate female experience.  Then she felt a vital  
throbbing  of  the head  and she knew it was now.  Warm pulsing spurts 
impacted on the back of her throat and she started the cycle of 
swallowing compulsively and with a thorough determination.   At  last  
the  thrusting  slowed  and  then  stopped.   Bobbie continued  a  slow 
sucking motion and was very pleased with herself because she had taken 
all he could give.  She was thrilled when she  heard  him  compliment 
her  as  he  removed  her  head  from  the cock.  Bobbie felt an inner 
glow and satisfaction like she had never known.  When she spoke at last  
her  voice  was softer and of a higher pitch, her movements more 
naturally fluid.  She had been given  the  final  indoctrination and 
there were no secrets left that she could not share with any girl.  
    When Bobbie joined the other boy/girls she felt a common  bond,  
they  were sisters,  sharing  a  common  experience.  Each had applied 
new make-up but the blush in their cheeks and  erect  nipples  testified  
to  their  recent  sexual arousal.  Each  carried the ejaculate of the 
men who had mastered them in their tummies.  They had been conditioned by 
experts who knew the art.  Their masters had  been  gentle but firm.  
They were never repulsed by what was being done to them because the 
technique had been applied gently,  with caring and kind  soft words  of  
encouragement.  The result was total involvment in each case leading
to rapid  and  forceful  movement  of  the  cock  and  complete  
surrender  and acceptance of the ejaculate.  They all had been won over 
to their new roles and that night,  because of the set taken by their 
mouths muscles,  they  felt  the cock  still  in their mouths as they 
began to dream of a next time.  Bobbie was to become expert, a willing 
receptacle for the men who took her.  Whatever male identity was there 
was totally surrendered with time if it had not already.  
    Everyone was pleased with the work the step-mother  had done and 
Bobbie's quick acceptance of the role she would play.

FIN
