     It had been an enjoyable evening with Donna and Kevin.  Adrian and
Kelley didn't get to see them very often, as they lived on the west
coast, so when their old friends could stop by Connecticut, they wre
more than happy to have them over for an evening or two.  

     Donna and Kelley were out in the kitchen chatting while Adrian and
Kevin were catching the end of the baseball game out in the living room.
While they were chatting, they were finishing up the pitcher of whiskey
sours that remained from before dinner.  Since Donna didn't really care
much for whisky, Kelley was doing most of the drinking.  Kelley was
quickly becoming more careless in her speech and a lot bolder in her
statements.  She started telling Donna lots of intimate details about
her sex life with Adrian, and Donna was listening politely.  She knew
her friend had had more than enough to drink, and was grateful that
that was the end of the pitcher.  She hoped Kelley wasn't planning on
making another.  

     In the living room, Adrian and Kevin were on the edge of their seats
watching the final inning intently.

     "Do you know what, Donna?  I think our husssbands are ignoring
ussss!"

     "Kelley, they're watching the game, that's all.  When the game's
over, we all can get together and talk some more."

     "When the game's over, when the game's over.  The game's over now!"

     And with that, Kelley walked into the living room before Donna could
stop her and shut off the television set.

     "Hey!"  Kevin shouted.

     "Kelley Lynn, you turn that set on again this instant!"  Adrian
hissed.  

     "No, you're being rude to our guests!  You can read about the game
tomorrow!"

     Adrian grabbed the remote control and turned it on again.  Kelley
moved in front of the screen.  

     "Kelley!  Move away from the screen!"

     "NO!  I will not play second fiddle to a baseball game!  And neither
will Donna!  Tonight, I strike a blow for womankind!"

     "Kelley, if you don't move away from that screen a few blows will
be struck all right...more than a few actually...."

     Adrian walked over to Kelley, as he was walking he heard, "And that's
the game...what a play!"  Kevin swore under his breath.  Adrian calmly
took Kelley by the arm, shut off the television set, and stood her in 
front of him.  Drunk or not, Kelley recognized the look in Adrian's eyes
and knew that she was really in for it now...

    "Adrian, I'm sorry!  Really, I am!  I was only kidding, i didn't
think the game would end while I....i'm sorry!"

    Adrian didn't say a word as he brought Kelley over to the sofa.  
Donna started to say something about it getting late and maybe Kevin
and she should head upstairs to bed now...

   "Donna, Kelley had offended both you and Kevin with her actions this
evening.  It's no secret that she's going to be spanked quite severely
for this.  I'm sorry if it makes you uncomfortable, and please go 
upstairs if you don't feel as though you can watch this.  But if you
would like the satisfaction of witnessing her punishment, please feel
free to stay and watch."

   "Adrriiiannnn!  Not noooowwwww....plleeeeaaassseeeee!!"  Kelley begged.

   "That's enough out of you, young lady!"  

   Kelley started to try and squirm out of Adrian's grasp, but he
pulled her quickly over his knee and pinned her down.  Kevin looked
immensely satisfied.

    "Honey, why don't I meet you upstairs?"  Kevin asked.  "I really
wanted to see this game tonight, and I would enjoy the satisfaction
of seeing Kelley punished for this..."

    "Kevin!"  Donna exclaimed.  "This is personal business between Kelley
and Adrian!"

    "Donna, if I really thought that it was too personal, I would wait
until tomorrow night to deal with it.  But since Kelley didn't seem
embarrassed about making a spectacle of herself in front of everyoen
this evening, then it shouldn't bother her to be made a spectacle of
right now.  I'm sorry about this.  Please, accept our apologies."

    And with that, Adrian pulled Kelley's skirt up and tugged her hose
and panties down.  Kevin stared with fascination.  Donna wanted to go
upstairs, but couldn't convince her legs to do anything but walk to
the nearest chair and sit down and watch her friend's ordeal...

    "Adrian!  Please!  I'm soooorrrrryyyyyyy!"

    "Not nearly as sorry as you will be..."  Adrian replied calmly as
he raised his right hand and brought it down hard on Kelley's 
unprotected bottom.

    "OOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!"  Kelley shrieked.

    Adrian continued the spanking, quickly reddening Kelley's bottom
Kevin was pleased with the sight.  Such a comeuppance!  How he longed
to do the same with Donna every once in a while.  Kelley struggled
over Adrian's lap, and every time the struggling became too intense,
Adrian would quiet it with a few hard slaps to Kelley's thighs.  She'd
scream, Adrian would warn her to keep still, and she would for a while...
then struggle again...and the process would repeat itself.  Donna
stared horrified at first...but then something stirred inside of her...
She looked at Kevin across the room and remembered the many times she
had wanted to feel helpless at his hands...to feel as powerless as a
little girl...to give up control and authority over to him and bend
to his will...Kelley was fighting right now, but it was only a child's
fight.  A struggle against what was happening to her at the present moment, 
instead of her overall situation.  Kelley and Adrian loved each other more 
intensly than any other couple she knew.  And was this the chemistry that 
held them together?  Kelley was crying right now and Donna noticed that 
Adrian wasn't spanking as hard as he originally was.  And now his left hand 
wandered from her waist to her hair.  He stroked it lovingly as he concluded 
her spanking.  

    Adrian moved his arm back to her waist and held her down for three
more sharp spanks and then let her up.  He guided her to his lap and
she cried in his shoulder, apologizing for her behavior as he held and
rocked her, stroking her hair.  Donna was mesmorized by the sight.
How she envied Kelley at that moment!  

    
    Kevin stood up and shifted uncomfortably.  Adrian guided Kelley off 
of his lap and told her to pull her skirt down and take her nylons
and panties off, as it was time to get ready for bed anyway.  And to
go upstairs and wait for him.  Kelley quivered.  She had a feeling that
there would be more to her punishment than a simple handspanking.  
She walked past Kevin and Donna.  She couldn't make eye-contact, so she 
mumbled something about how she didn't feel well and that she was sorry...her 
face was scarlet as she hurredly climbed the stairs to the bedroom.

    Adrian apologized to the guests one last time and Kevin told him
it was fine, and that Donna and him were going to turn in as well.  Donna
and Kevin ascended the stairs.  Donna couldn't help but wonder what
was going to happen to Kelley now.  She paused by Adrian's and Kelley's
bedroom door and Kevin couldn't help but notice his wife's interest
in the proceedings.  He put his hands on her shoulders and whispered
to her that it was impolite to stick her nose where it didn't belong
and perhaps she needed a little of the same treatment.  He held his 
breath, as he wasn't sure what Donna's reaction would be.  Donna blushed,
but the look in her eyes told him all he needed to know.  Kevin guided
Donna into their bedroom and Donna's first spanking began...

    
    Adrian walked up the stairs to the bedroom.  When he opened the
door, Kelley was dressed in her short white Victoria's Secret Canterbury
night-dress.  Sitting on the bed, she regarded Adrian woefully as
he approached her.

    Adrian stood in front of her and gently lifted her chin with her
hand, forcing her to meet his eyes...

    "I-I-I'm sorry, Adrian......please...please, no more tonight!"

    "I wish I could believe that you really are sorry, Kelley Lynn, but
it hasn't been my experience that simple handspankings do much to 
improve your behavior."

    "Ooooooohhhh....but it wasn't a simple handspanking!  It was in front
of Kevin and Donna...."

    "Are you arguing with me about your punishment, Kelley?"

    Kelley tried to move her face away from his hand, as she couldn't
bear to look in his eyes, but finding that she could not, she closed
her eyes instead and said, "No, sir."

    "Look at me, Kelley."

    Reluctantly, Kelley did so.

    Adrian dug into his pocket with his free hand and produced a small
pen-knife.  Kelley's eyes went wide and she started to protest, but
Adrian put a finger to her lips.

    "You know what this is for.  Take it and cut me a few switches.

    "But my night-dress...."

    "It's the middle of the night, Kelley, no one is going to see you.
Now do as you're told before you make things much worse on yourself..."

    Kelley slowly stood up and walked out of the room and down the
stairs.  Her legs trembled as she approached the back door.  She heard
Adrian's footsteps behind her.

    "Kelley, the longer you keep me waiting, the more severe your 
punishment will be.  We don't have all night."

    Kelley took a deep breath and walked outside.  The night air was
heavy, it being a hot, humid evening in July.  The mosquitos started 
feasting on her from the moment she approached the birch trees.  God, 
how she hated cutting her own switches!  She looked back, and saw Adrian's 
dark figure in the kitchen, watching her.  She sighed.  The wet grass
as least cooled her bare feet, but her nervousness, along with the
humidity in the hair, made her night-dress cling to her body.  As
she reached up to cut her switches, the night-dress, never leaving
her flesh, ascended with her arms to expose the very bottom part of
her red buttocks.  Simple handspanking, indeed!  Adrian spanked very
hard with his hand, hard enough to make her cry on occassion, such as
tonight.

    Kelley cut her switches and walked back to the house.  Adrian 
greeted her at the door, taking the switches from her and kissing
her on the forehead.  

    "Now, go upstairs and wait for me, while I prepare these.  And
I think you know what position I expect to find you in."


      Kelley trudged up the stairs slowly.  She could hear Adrian entering
the downstairs bathroom to prepare the freshly cut switches.  Kelley
cringed as she heard the water running in the bathtub.

      She entered the bedroom and looked at their four poster, king sized
bed with despair.  She approached it slowly, as if it might attack her
itself.

      Walking to the head of the bed, she moved the pillows to the middle, 
where she piled them.  Then, with a sigh, she removed her nightdress and 
placed herself over the pillows, making sure that her bottom was as high as
possible.
She so much wanted to please Adrian by her preparations.

      But Adrian expected nothing less than perfection from her in her
preparations.  And they had been through the routine so many times before 
that he shouldn't have had to accept anything less.  So Adrian did not 
comment when he found Kelley exactly as he expected to find her.  He gently 
patted her bottom as he walked by in a small gesture of approval.  Kelley 
tensed as he did this.  How she hated switchings!  One could never mentally 
prepare oneself for a switching.  The pain was simply too intense and very 
much unlike any other implement.  There wasn't a steady rhythm to a birching,
as you could find in a paddle, hand, cane...or virtually any other implement
you could think of.  The uneven bundle of switches...each one having a 
different intensity, each switch falling in a different place.  Some would
fall almost in-between her cheeks, others would fall at the very bottom of
her bottom, and still others would strike dead center on a left or right
buttock.  

      But the impossibility of the task of bracing oneself for such an
ordeal did not stop Kelley from trying, and so deep was she in the process 
that she jumped when Adrian's voice broke the silence.

     "We're going to have to do something with those hands and feet, my
dear."

     "Huh?"

     Adrian didn't say a word.  He didn't have to, as Kelley saw the rope
out of the corner of her eye.

     "Oh, Adrian, I'll hold still!  I promise!"

     Adrian laughed.  "Hold still?  My Kelley Lynn, queen of impulsive 
behavior is promising to hold still?!"

     "Aaaaaaaaadriiiiiiaaannnn...I wiiiilllll.....i promise!"

     "I'll tell you what.  We'll make a little deal here.  I won't tie you
right now.  But if you move, *just once* during your switching, not only
will I start over and tie you for it, but you will receive twice the
original punishment.  So right now, you're about to receive 15 strokes.  Move 
once and it will be 30.  Deal?"

      Kelley pouted.  "Nooooooooooooo...."

      "Then I guess you weren't all that sincere about not moving, hmmmm? I
didn't think so.  As usual, Kelley will promise anything if you think it
might get you out of punishment...."

      Kelley buried her head in the mattress and started to cry quietly.  
Without a word, Adrian took hold of her wrists and tied them together. Then
Kelley heard him walk over to the closet.  What was he doing?


She soon found out as she felt her ankle being tied to....a broom handle...

      "Aaaaaadddrrrrrriiiiiannnnn!  Not my ankles too!"

      "Keep whining like that and I'll tie your wrists to your ankles."
Adrian replied sharply.  "I've had just about enough of this attitude 
tonight, Kelley Lynn.  For someone who was apologizing like a mad-woman a 
half an hour ago, you sure don't act as though you are very sorry."

      Adrian finished tying Kelley's ankles to the broom handle and picked
up the bundle of switches he had neatly prepared in the bathroom.  He
grazed the wet, flexible switches against Kelley's bottom.  Kelley tensed
and let out a little mew.  Adrian raised the switches...


... and brought them down sharply against Kelley's raised bottom.

      "AAAAIIIIIIEEEEEEEE!  NO! NO! NO!"  Kelley pounded her bound wrists
into the mattress.

      "Kelley Lynn, that's not the proper attitude to display if you want to
get away with just 14 more strokes."  Adrian stated calmly.

      "I-I-I'm soooorrrryyyy....."

      The pain was in several areas of Kelley's bottom all at once.  It
spread like fire and Kelley writhed a bit in futile attempts to aleviate the
pain somewhat.  Adrian always allowed thirty seconds to a minute between
strokes with the birch.  He raised the bundle again.

       "OOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHH!  I'm sorrrrryyyyy...nooooo moooorrreeeee!"

      "Yes, dear, I know it hurts.  It hurt a few months ago when you were
birched for being rude in front of guests, didn't it?  And you were so sorry
then.  So very sorry.  And it was never going to happen again, was it? You
swore, you promised, and I was so convinced, that I let you off with just
six strokes.  Obviously that was a mistake.  I was far too lenient.  I 
even waited until they left to punish you.  No, I'm not going to make
that mistake again..."

       
      
      "Oh, Adrian, I promise for real this time!"

      Adrian laughed.  "And all the other times you promise aren't 'for
real?"

      "oooooohhhhhhh..."

      Adrian raised the birch and brought it down once again.  Kelley
screamed and howled, and Adrian waited half a minute, then gave another 
stroke. 

      And so it went.  Kelley eventually stopped pleading, as it wasn't 
getting her anywhere.  And by the fifteenth stroke, Kelley was reduced to
heart-wrenching sobs.  Adrian untied her ankles as she cried.  He walked 
over to where Kelley's head was and kissed her tear-stained face as he untied 
her wrists.  

      "Shhhhhh.....it's all over, sweetheart.  All over.  You were so brave
for me towards the end.  Didn't try to squirm out of the way, or plead
or anything...."

      Adrian took her in his arms.  "I'm sorry, Adrian.  So very sorry..."  
Kelley managed between sobs.

     "It's okay, sweetie."  And Adrian rocked her as she cried.  As he
rubbed her bottom, Kelley started to grow more and more excited.  She 
squirmed and groaned, and then, in a feeling of genuine regret for her
actions this evening, combined with the growing excitement within her,
Kelley started working at unbuttoning Adrian's shirt.

     "If I'm stark naked, it's only fair that you are too...."  Kelley purred
coyly...

     "Can't argue with that logic..."  Adrian smiled.

     Kelley worked all of this clothes off, then, for a grande finale, 
brought her head down to his manhood and took it in her mouth.  Adrian 
groaned as he pushed her penis all the way into her mouth.  Kelley ran her 
tongue all around it and started to suck, bobbing her head back and forth 
as she did so.  Adrian moved his hips ever so slightly, and soon he was 
fucking her mouth.  Kelley continued sucking and licking, as she fondled his
balls.  Adrian's erection was at it's peak when he pushed Kelley away in
the heat of passion and whispered for her to get over the pillows 
immediately.  Kelley complied and Adrian grabbed the lubricant and entered
her slowly.

     Kelley groaned as his cock filled her asshole.  It always hurt at first
like this, as his cock stretched her and made itself at home in her. Kelley
grunted and pushed against it with determination until it filled her with
pleasure.  She began to move in time to the rhythm of his thrusting and the
tempo quickened.  Adrian struck her sore and welted bottom with his hand
on occasion and Kelley would yelp, which interspersed the music of their
bodies bonding together beautifully.  Kelley's asshole was gripping
Adrian's cock so tightly it was as if they were of one body, Adrian was part 
of Kelley and Kelley was part of Adrian.  Adrian's thrusting of his body 
against Kelley's bottom, along with the occasional slaps to her bottom, 
drove her into ecstacy.  Adrian held back until Kelley reached her frenzied
climax, and Adrian joined her.  Exhausted, the two sunk over the pillows 
into tthe mattress.  

      Kelley moved the pillows to the head of the bed and the two collapsed
in each other's arms.  Snuggling with each other, soaked in each other's 
sweat and love juices, they fell quickly into a very deep and peaceful sleep.
At the very brink of losing consciousness, Kelley could hear the steady
slapping sound coming from the guest room and knew she wouldn't be the only
woman squirming in her chair tomorrow at breakfast!  
