Archive-name: Changes/sewed-in.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Sewed In


One Saturday afternoon, my girlfriend Marcia called and asked 
me to come over to her apartment and help her out.  "Sure," I 
said, little knowing that this would change my life.  We had 
tickets to a play and dinner reservations, and I hoped she 
was too horny to wait until afterward to make love.  When I 
got there, it turned out she had something else in mind. 

She had her sewing stuff scattered all over the bed and was 
busy fixing up her wardrobe.  The help she needed was for me 
to put on one of her dresses and stand there while she pinned 
the hem.  I felt kind of stupid standing there in a dress, 
and then she said, "Darn. It doesn't hang right.  You need 
some tits."  She had me put on one of her bras, and filled 
some stockings with rice and tied them off to make falsies. 
Then she decided that to get the length right, I should wear 
high heels too, and of course that meant stockings, so I 
could get my feet into the shoes, and a garter belt, to hold 
the stockings up.  When she slipped a pair of panties and a 
slip on me, my growing hard-on showed that I was enjoying 
myself. 

She tried one of her wigs on me and had me look at myself in 
the mirror.  "Wish I looked as sexy as I feel," I said.  
"Makeup will fix that," she said, and proceeded to apply 
base, blush, eye makeup, and lipstick.  It was fantastic.  
Neither of us could believe how pretty I looked. 

"One more dress," said Marcia, and handed me a black cocktail 
dress I'd always admired on her.  She zipped it up in back 
and went to work with needle and thread while I admired 
myself in the mirror.  I stroked my hard cock through the 
dress and said, "Why don't I take this dress off so we can 
have some fun?"  Marcia said, "I've sewed you into the dress.  
You can't take it off until I cut the threads." 

"How long do I have to wear it?" I asked. 

"I might let you out tomorrow night." 

Wow!  My dick was instantly hard. It felt like an iron bar.  
I was hoarse and trembling as I asked, "What about our date 
tonight?" "Well, you'll have to wear a girdle, I think," said 
Marcia, stroking my hardon through the dress.  I couldn't 
conceal my delight. 

Marcia had me take off the panties, garter belt, and 
stockings so she could shave my legs and paint my toenails, 
and then put a tight girdle on me with the stockings.  She 
did my fingernails too, and outfitted me with jewelry and a 
purse.  I spent the rest of the afternoon practicing walking, 
sitting, and smoking, while Marcia teased me about how sexy I 
looked.  I begged her to at least suck my cock, but she said 
it was much more fun to make me wait. 

We went to a swanky restaurant with lots of mirrors, and 
nobody guessed I was a guy.  The head waiter held my chair 
and lit my cigarette, and I blushed and ordered in a low 
voice, and batted my eyelashes.  Marcia nearly choked with 
laughter.  At the play afterward, I felt very sexy as several 
guys gave us the once-over, but we pretended not to notice.  
The feeling of my stockinged legs brushing together, the 
rustle of my slip and dress, and the sight of my "tits" in my 
dress was very erotic.  I had to hold my purse in my lap to 
cover my hard-on. 

When we got back to Marcia's apartment, we were both really 
hot.  She had me sit on the couch and sip a drink while she 
stroked my nylon-clad legs and slid her hand up to my crotch 
while she felt my tits with the other.  It was wonderful and 
strange to be seduced, and we were both so excited we were 
shaking.  Marcia lifted up my skirt and freed my cock from 
the girdle.  As she bent to take it in her mouth, I slipped 
my hand inside her panties and found that she was dripping 
wet.  I fingered her to a screaming climax while she sucked 
frantically on my dick, and came as I'd never come before a 
few seconds later. 

Marcia said she'd cut the threads and let me take the dress 
off, if I promised to dress up the next day; but I had to 
sleep in the underwear.  We didn't get much sleep though, 
because we'd make love, rest and snuggle a while, and then 
we'd be horny again.  We talked about how much fun it was to 
dress me up, and I promised to wear her clothes whenever I 
could. 

Sunday morning, we both woke up early and feeling sexy.  I 
shaved and Marcia redid my makeup and gave me a different 
outfit to wear, a silky flowered dress that looked really 
good on me.  We could have been sisters.  I said, "Aren't you 
forgetting something?  You didn't sew me in."  Marcia said 
that she didn't want to sew the dress, but that she'd sew me 
into the bra if I wanted.  I said, "Please do," and my 
already rigid cock got even harder. 

She got dressed herself, and got out white gloves and hats 
for both of us. Then she said, "Come on," with a grin, and 
led the way out of the apartment.  We walked a block or so, 
and she started up the steps of a church.  I followed, 
unwillingly, joining a crowd of others and catching up to 
Marcia.  There were too many people around to argue, so I 
ended up taking a seat next to Marcia in a pew.  The service 
seemed to last forever. I felt excited and scared sitting 
there; it was tempting to sing bass during the hymns, but I 
just pretended to sing, and winked at Marcia. 

After the service, Marcia introduced me to several people as 
"my friend, Lucy, from out of town," and we all went out to 
breakfast at a nearby restaurant.  My heart was really 
pounding as we sat at the table, but nobody noticed, and 
nobody guessed my real identity. After breakfast, Marcia and 
I went shopping for dresses.  I spent the whole Sunday 
dressed as a girl.  When we finally got back to Marcia's 
apartment, we were hornier than ever, and barely managed to 
get the apartment door closed before we had each other's 
skirts up and panties down.  

Since that day, I've worn women's underwear every day, and 
spent as much time in dresses as I can.  We've been to all 
kinds of events dressed as two girls, from ballets to cowboy 
bars.  We both love fooling people, but the part that still 
turns me on the most is when Marcia sews me into something 
sexy. 

--
