Junior Sex Club 1 - Introduction to the Dance 
	The story below relates a tremendous change in life styles for 
me...one involving a sudden jump into the wild, wonderful world of 
juvenile sex and incest. It all started one bright sunny Monday morning 
in July. I was home from work taking a couple of comp days and enjoying 
just being lazy.
	My thoughts were very much on the events of yesterday. My wife, 
Sue, had astounded me some weeks earlier when she announced that she 
wanted us all to visit a nudist resort near here. She claimed that she'd 
heard a lot of good things about it from her friends and felt that at 
least it would give us all a chance to develop great all-over tans.
	Hardly a prude, I still had to give it a bit of thought before 
agreeing. The idea of being naked among a bunch of adults was not too 
upsetting...as my wife and I had often been part of a swing group in 
college and we had attended a few dandy naked orgies in the woods. It 
was the prospect of being naked with my kids.
	We ran a pretty loose household and I'd often enough caught 
glimpses of them naked, but Mindy was now eleven and just starting to 
develop sexually. What would she think of such a visit? Seven year old 
Polly and four year old Suzy wouldn't g ive it a thought, I suspected.
	Sue brought it up over breakfast and much to my surprise, the 
girls all agreed to give it a try. That was on a Friday and the 
following morning we were all in the car and driving under a warm, 
cloudless sky to the resort. When we got there the gate was opened by a 
tall, statuesque naked woman with a bushy brown pussy mat and large 
well-shaped breasts. She welcomed us, signed us in, and told us where to 
find our campsite.
	As we parked and unloaded the camping gear, a party of twenty or 
so naked girls and boys ran down the road. The girls old enough to have 
tits wiggled them wildly as they ran and the effect gave me an immediate 
erection which I tried vainly to hide as I unwrapped the tent.
	"Dirty old man," Sue whispered to me as she helped me, "I saw 
that boner. What are you going to do when you're naked?"
	"Damned if I know," I muttered, "maybe this wasn't such a good 
idea after all."
	"Nonsense...the magazines at Adele's house say that men's 
erections hardly ever happen once the man is naked...and the hidden 
aspect is gone," she laughed. "Let's test it...come on girls...let's get 
naked."
	Hardly had she said that when little Suzy peeled off her shorts 
and panties...and stood there naked below the waist struggling with her 
shirt. Hardly an erotic sight, she was appealingly cute with her little 
fat belly, her bulging mons and the deep slit that ran back between her 
legs. Another instant and she was successfully naked under the bright 
sun.
	Polly was almost as quick to strip and I have to admit that I 
felt a twinge in the old prick as I watched her slender, sleek body 
emerge from beneath her clothing. On the verge of puberty at nine, her 
body displayed emerging hips, a smooth chest and a more defined pussy 
mound...the latter showing the edge of her prepuce wedge between the 
protruding hairless lips. She turned and half squatted to pick up her 
clothing, revealing the entirety of her naked pussy lips between the 
slender thighs. As she bent over, her lips parted to give me just the 
merest glimpse of the brighter pinkness of her inner slit.
	'Get a grip, boy,' I told myself as I stood beside Sue and 
pulled off my shirt. Sue already was topless and was in the process of 
unzipping her jeans. A few paces away from us Mindy had stripped to her 
panties. I glanced her way as I dropped my shorts and gasped to see her 
slip her panties to her ankles and stand erect. She was innocently 
lovely as she stood there in the bright sunlight. Naked, Mindy 
stretched, arching her body and further accenting her long slender legs, 
her narrow hips, her flat belly with that full swell of a pussy mound. 
Her graceful motions flattened her belly even more and drew attention to 
her deep cunt slit with the slightly protruding cunt lips and prepuce, 
and her body's sleekly flat child's nudity. 'Shit!' I said to myself as 
I peeled off my undershorts and fought my cock's need to erect. I turned 
away from Mindy and found myself looking at my naked wife. With a 
powerful inner struggle, I managed to defeat the demon in my loins and 
regained control. At Sue's suggestion, the girls ran off to investigate 
the swimming pool and the two of us were alone with the unruly tent.
	"Well...what do you think?" she said with a wicked grin.
	"Think...about what?"
	"Your pretty little girls...in the nude?" she replied with a 
giggle.
	"They're growing up fast."
	"They certainly are...and it's pretty evident, but right now I 
think we'd better get this tent up."
	The remainder of the day went by without incident, except for 
the the abundance of fine pussy of all ages around me and my continuing 
urge to rise to all my rampant glory. With sunset and the cool of the 
night, the naked flesh around us grad ually disappeared under clothing 
again.
	Night fell and at last the girls showed signs of wanting to go 
to sleep, so we all turned in. There was just one tent for us to share. 
Sue and I were on one side in a double sleeping bag, while Suzy slept 
next to us. On the other side, perhaps five feet away, Mindy and Polly 
shared another double sleeping bag. The thick canvas filtered the light 
till there was just the merest illumination when the flaps were dropped.
	There were yawns all around as I watched the girls strip to 
nakedness again and slip into their sleeping bags. Sue and I did the 
same moments later.
	"Goodnight, girls," Sue said, snuggling up tight against me, her 
hands dropping to my soft cock. Startled by her sudden boldness, I felt 
my prick leap to the hardness that had been denied it all day long!
	"Watch it, " I whispered, my hands rising to cup her small 
breasts, "little eyes might be watching."
	"Too dark," she responded hoarsely, stroking me to rock 
hardness, "and anyway I'm too horny to care...fuck me!"
	I didn't reply, but my hands answered for me as they roved over 
the smoothness of her nude body, caressing her breasts, strolling her 
belly...and accepting the invitation to probe the open wet valley 
between her widespread legs. My fingers slipped into the wet heat of 
her genitals, rubbed and kneaded her hard clit, stabbed deep inside the 
tunnel of her clasping vagina and stroked the raised doughnut shaped 
ring of her anus.
	"Yessssss!" she urgently whispered in my ear, "dear god, 
yesssss! Fuck me...now!"
	Forgetting the girls so close beside us, I moved above Sue's 
sweaty body and settled in between her slender legs. My heavy cock 
dropped down to the precise angle needed to penetrate her, and pressed 
between her pussy lips in search of that hot hole.
	 'God, she's so wet,' I remember telling myself as my cock tip 
nestled into the mouth of her vagina.
	"Now...now...fuck me," Sue whispered hoarsely into my ear and 
hunched her pelvis at me. My cock slipped inside her belly perhaps an 
inch...and I forgot the girls. Thrusting hard between her cunt lips, my 
prick sank all the way and I thrilled to the warmth of her clasping 
tunnel and the soft caress of her pussy hair as I bottomed out. I began 
fucking her with long powerful strokes...savoring the familiar pleasures 
of her cunt sucking and clasping at my cock, plus the thrill of doing it 
outside in unfamiliar surroundings.
	As I pounded Sue harder and harder the cover of the sleeping bag 
slipped down till it dropped off my naked ass. The light was very dim, 
but I my eyes had adjusted so that I could see Sue's nude form under me. 
Her nipples were hard and erect ...her eyes closed in ecstasy.
	A movement off to the side caught my attention and I half 
glanced over to see Mindy resting on her elbow...watching intently. Her 
sleeping bag was partly open, too, and I could see her slim bare body 
exposed nearly to her waist. Startled, I stopped fucking Sue and just 
lay there with my prick buried in her to the hilt, wondering what I was 
going to do.
	"Don't stop now, you bastard," Sue whispered, "I was almost 
there."
	"Mindy's awake...and watching us," I whispered back.
	"Who cares. It's time she knew about screwing," a giggling Sue 
answered, startling me with her reply, "fuck me now...I mean it!"
	Unsure of what to do, yet wanting to finish this episode of 
lovemaking, I slowly renewed my thrusting. I could see Mindy quite 
clearly out of the corner of my eye. Her free arm was moving 
rhythmically and I could see that it was thrust under the sleeping bag 
cover. There could be little doubt that her hand was in her crotch...and 
that she was masturbating, her hand moving in time to the pistoning of 
my cock into her mother's cunt.
	That thought was oddly exciting and I felt my prick swell to 
even harder readiness as I plunged it in and out of that dark wet hole. 
On and on we rutted...for by then it had gotten beyond lovemaking and 
had become pure animal sex. Finally I felt Sue shuddering and moaning 
under me. Her vaginal sheath gripped my penis tightly...began pulsing 
about it like a soft warm hand as she orgasmed...and I lost it, too.
	Spurt after spurt of liquid heat jetted from me to fill Sue's 
tunnel to overflowing and I collapsed onto her sweaty body. My face was 
turned toward the spot where Mindy had been watching and I could see her 
lying now on her back, her knees up making a tent of the sleeping bag. 
Both her arms were under the bag and there was movement near her belly. 
I watched as her hips lifted from the floor of the tent...heard a small 
soft cry...and realized that she, too, had just experienced an orgasm.
	We all fell asleep soon after, me still atop Sue. In the morning 
when we rose with first light nothing was said of the watching 
event...and the day proceeded in apparent normalcy. 

2 - Fun and Games 
	That had been five weeks ago, and since each weekend since then 
had been perfect weather, the family had returned to the resort. Twice 
since then we fucked in the tent...and each time I knew that Mindy 
watched us. One of those times had been like the first...but the other 
had been with a naked Sue on top, straddling me as she fucked me with 
abandon...her little tits bobbing as she rose and fell.
	I woke later that night with a full bladder and slipped out of 
the sleeping bag to take a piss. I glanced over to where the girls were 
sleeping and caught my breath when I saw Mindy sleeping on top of the 
bag. She was naked, lying on her back and the moonlight spilling into 
the tent flap lay across her belly like a spotlight. The harsh blue 
light gave her naked mound an aura of unreality...and the deep slit 
between her legs was blacker than any black I'd ever seen. My penis 
filled and lifted...stiff and hard it aimed at the stars as I stared 
down on my naked daughter. Her legs were parted just enough to let me 
see all of her slender, rounded outer lips in that odd moonlight.
	I stared and stared...and then made an insane decision. My hand 
lifted and trembled when it moved. As though with a life of its own, I 
slipped my hand toward the sleeping Mindy, lowered it to cover and cup 
that juvenile pussy. The softness was indescribable...and the warm moist 
heat that flowed from the virginal cleft brought a gasp to my lips. 
Afraid of being caught, I forced myself to lift my hand from her crotch 
and leave the tent.
	Standing outside...my cock still as hard as it had ever been...I 
thought of what I'd just seen and done. Pissing was impossible for 
several minutes...my erection was so powerful that it couldn't be 
overcome. All I could think of was that incredible cunt! At last I 
calmed down enough and was able to empty my bladder. Returning to the 
tent I lay down beside my sleeping naked wife and finally drifted off to 
a confused sleep.
	We had spoken several time about Mindy's watching our 
lovemaking, but Sue seemed to be unconcerned and refused to make an 
issue of it. The only really odd thing that I noticed was the fact that 
Mindy grew very rapidly less inhibited at the resort as the weeks 
passed. On nearly a dozen occasions I surprised her pissing...half 
squatting, always with her rump thrust out in my direction as her yellow 
stream spurted from that delicious little hairless slit. It happened so 
often that I quickly doubted how accidental it was to see her pissing so 
often.
	The other thing she did more and more had to do with her 
sunbathing. Like most of the other women and girls, she often lay on her 
back...and like them, her legs were generally together. A number of time 
when I walked up to where she and Sue lay, Mindy appeared to absent-
mindedly raise her knees, spread them apart and let them drop back so 
that she was lying with her legs spread widely. Her fat hairless cunt 
lips were entirely exposed all the way back to her anus...and her inner 
slit was open half an inch of so, exposing her wide inner pussy lips 
and giving me a slight glimpse of her inner darker pink pussy floor.
	There seemed little doubt that she was giving me a special 
view...and I wondered whether she was somehow competing with her mother. 
The bolder behavior continued at home also, and I found her bedroom or 
bathroom doors ajar often with her doing something inside...in the 
nude. 
	Things sort of came to a head yesterday at the resort. The place 
was built in a wide expanse of woodlands with a series of small lakes. 
The girls were playing at the pool when Sue and I took a walk in the 
woods. We went further than we usu ally did and Sue was behaving like a 
silly girl...laughing and teasing sexually. Finally we found ourselves 
in a little grassy clearing beside a small pond. We were quite a long 
ways from all the paths and Sue turned abruptly to me, spread her feet 
apart and rested her hands on her hips. Her belly has so little hair 
that I could clearly see her slit.
	"I feel super horny...and I want you to do something about it 
right now," she said with a broad grin.
	"This is hardly the right place," I protested.
	"I said...right now!" Sue half growled, a lewd smile playing 
over her lips as she stepped up to me and grabbed my flaccid penis with 
both hands. I wasn't in much of a mood to protest, but she gave me no 
time before dropping to her knees and slurping my penis into her mouth. 
It didn't stay flaccid very long. In just seconds I was as hard and 
stiff as I ever got and she was giving me a great blowjob! I protested 
weakly for a moment of two...then just gave up and enjoyed what her 
mouth was doing to me.
	"OK...enough," Sue suddenly said, letting my prick slip from her 
mouth and jerk toward the sky, "now it's your turn...fuck me, stud!" I 
stared down at her as Sue turned and dropped to her hands and knees. Her 
fine ass was aimed at me, her knees wide apart, and her nearly hairless 
cunt area between her thighs open to my eyes...and visibly wet.
	Not thinking too clearly, I moved between her legs and dropped 
to my knees. I spread her soft buttocks apart to expose that 
delightfully raised little pink-brown anal doughnut and opened her cunt 
slit. Sue has narrow inner lips and it didn't take too much spreading 
to leave her entire bright pink cunt floor open to my view...from her 
large, protruding clit down under her belly to her slightly gaping 
vaginal entrance.
	I moved up closer and pressed my cock tip into the depression at 
the mouth of her hole...nestled it in tight...and thrust hard. She was 
ready and my prick slipped smoothly inside her...all the way inside with 
one movement. It felt great and I began fucking her with the longest 
strokes possible...just barely keeping the tip of my cock inside her on 
the outstroke. My fingertips played first with her clit, reaching around 
her belly, then I toyed with her firm little tits...and finally I rubbed 
and probed the pucker of her anus.
	"Yesssss...yesssss...yesssss..." Sue gasped with each powerful 
stroke...and then squealed with delight as I pressed my fingertip into 
the center of her anal bud. I knew she liked me to play with her shit 
hole...but I seldom did so because of the mess...but today I thrust my 
finger inside that tight hole to the hilt. As I fucked her vagina with 
my cock...I fucked her ass hole with my finger.
	Sue had just come once under me and we were riding toward her 
second orgasm when I thought I heard something. Looking around in 
surprise, I spotted Mindy standing in the shadows of the trees to my 
left. Knowing that she'd seen us fucking before...and too far gone to 
stop now anyway...I kept right on pounding Sue.
	The naked little girl in the shadows seemed oblivious to the 
fact that I was staring at her. One of her hands was rubbing the nipples 
of her titless chest...and the other hand was between her legs. It was 
very obvious that Mindy was masturbating as she watched us...and it 
looked very much like she was fingering her own vagina in time to the 
thrusts of my cock into Sue's tight hole. Confused...disturbed...and 
definitely excited...I came to my own orgasm. I remember crying out as I 
felt myself soar over the top...and felt the semen ripping from my 
prick.
	Suddenly it was over and Sue and I slumped to the grass, pulling 
apart and laughing as we enjoyed the after fuck glow. I looked over to 
where Mindy had been standing...but she was gone. Somehow it didn't seem 
to matter any more and I just lay there happily enjoying Sue's hands as 
they stroked the softening semen covered tube of my spent cock.
	We left the resort about six in the evening and headed back to 
the city. We had played hard all weekend and the others slept while I 
drove. Sue was nestled against my side and the two younger girls were in 
the back of the station wagon. Mindy was lying on the back seat and I 
could just see her in the rear view mirror. We had been on the road only 
twenty minutes when I glanced in the mirror. Mindy had slipped on a 
simple shift dress at the resort for the rise home, and she was now 
lying there on her back with one knee up and resting against the back 
seat cushions. The other knee had fallen to the side so that her legs 
were widely parted.
	The thing that had caught my attention, however, was the fact 
that the shift dress had ridden upward. Mindy wasn't wearing panties! 
Her body was bare almost to her waist and I had a perfect view of her 
brown belly and her exposed pussy moun d with that exciting slit. For 
some ten miles or so I just took lots of peeks into the mirror and 
enjoyed the sight...but then I saw Mindy's hand move to her belly. I 
craned my head just a bit and saw in the mirror that her eyes were still 
closed and her mouth was slackly open. If she wasn't asleep, she was 
doing a great job of faking it.
	Hardly daring to breath...and struggling to watch the road...I 
stared as much as possible into that damned mirror and watched my eleven 
year old daughter's fingers stroking her slit as she slept! Within 
minutes Mindy's index finger was pressed deep between her soft pussy 
lips, spreading the thin inner lips and was obviously stroking her 
hidden clitoris! For nearly ten more minutes she rubbed herself and then 
just as suddenly as she had begun masturbating...she stopped. Seconds 
later, she rolled over on her side and the view was gone! Dusk was far 
advanced by that time and the light was fast fading anyhow.
	My cock was like iron! I had nearly come in my pants watching 
that incredible scene in the back seat. I hadn't known that Mindy was 
without her panties, but I did know that Sue wasn't wearing any. I 
dropped my hand to my wife's lap and slowly pulled her dress hem higher 
till it barely covered her cunt. She seemed to be still sleeping as I 
moved my hand between her legs and cupped her warm pussy mound. Finding 
no resistance, I pressed my fingertip into her damp slit and began 
kneading her clit. A few seconds later she woke...muzzy...and giggled 
to find me playing with her.
	"I thought I was the horny one," she whispered, pulling my hand 
from her crotch, "are the girls asleep?"
	"I think so," I answered, and felt her slip my already stiff and 
hard cock under the leg band of my shorts.
	"Well, they better stay asleep for a little while yet," she said 
softly and moved down to kneel on the floor of the front seat. Even 
though I suspected what she was going to do, it caught me by surprise. 
Sue slipped her warm lips over my prick and began gently and slowly 
sucking me off!
	"You're insane!" I whispered urgently.
	"I know," she answered in a muffled, mouth-full voice...never 
stopping her sucking. On and on she worked my cock and it was all I 
could do to keep enough attention on the road to drive safely.
	A little movement in the back seat told me what I was half 
afraid was going to happen...a glance in the rear view mirror showed me 
that Mindy was awake and sitting up. Seconds later I knew that she was 
quietly watching over the back seat. The dashboard lights were more 
than enough to let someone watching see Sue giving me a blowjob...to see 
the thick wet length of my bare cock as it slipped in and out of her 
mouth. The fact that the watcher was my virgin young daughter made the 
event even more erotic...and after only another minute or two I came 
massively into Sue's mouth!
	Sue cleaned my cock with her lips and sat up, pleased with her. 
I had already seen Mindy lie down again and feign sleep...resuming the 
role of innocent. A giggling, happy Sue nestled in tightly under my arm 
and played with my still erect cock as we drove on through the night.
	What was happening to me? I spent the remainder of the drive 
worrying about the changes over the past few weeks in myself and my 
family. Before then I had never even considered that my daughters might 
be sexually appealing. It had never oc curred to me that I might want to 
fuck a girl that small...and now I seemed to be becoming obsessed with 
learning more about Mindy's body...about her cunt. Was I becoming some 
sort of pedophile monster like the ones the papers always seemed to be 
ta lking about?
	Home at last, I parked the car and unloaded the camping gear as 
the others went inside and got ready for bed. I was hardly surprised 
when I walked down the upstairs hallway and found the door widely ajar 
to the girl's bathroom. Mindy was standing at the sink, stark naked, 
one foot resting on the toilet lid as she washed her cunt with a wet 
washcloth. Her eyes were closed and she was just standing there, rubbing 
and rubbing and rubbing. 

3 - Awakening 
	My wife left early to take our eleven year old daughter, Mindy, 
to a soccer game. They took Polly, our seven year old and Suzy, the four 
year old with them...so I was able to sleep in a little...until about 
9:30. I got up, ate a little breakfast and took a shower.
	I was just finishing drying off when I heard the doorbell ring. 
I tossed the towel onto the bed and went to the front door, still naked. 
I opened it just a crack, not enough to let anybody see that I had no 
clothes on, and peeked out to see a slender young blonde girl about 
eleven or twelve years old was standing on the porch. She was wearing a 
cute little summer dress, tennies and white gym sox.
	She said "Hello, Mr. Williams, our school is putting on a summer 
play. Since Mindy is in the play, would you please buy some tickets from 
me?" Well she looked like such a cute young lady, how could I turn her 
down?
	"I don't have any money on me," I truthfully said to her, 
standing their stark naked.
	"I can take a check," she explained, "I do hope you'll help us 
out, because it will mean a lot to Mindy, and to the rest of us too. 
Here's a copy of the playbill." She handed me a small poster and I could 
see that it had an order blank at the bottom for me to fill out. I'm 
always a patsy for the kid's stuff, so I caved in.
	The door was still only open just enough for her to hand me the 
poster, so I said, "O.K. just a minute. I'll fill this out and write you 
a check." I carried the poster a few feet into the den, put it down on 
the desk, filled out the order blank and began writing the check.
	Suddenly I felt a draft and I glanced over to the door and with 
a feeling of horror, I saw that it had apparently blown wide open and 
the little girl could see me sitting there naked. Then I didn't know 
what to do, jump up and run over and shut the door or what. She didn't 
look very surprised or shocked so I decided to act natural and pretend 
nothing was wrong. I didn't say anything to her and continued filling 
out the check.
	When I finished, I looked up at her again and was shocked to see 
that she was standing just a few feet away...and that she was staring at 
my cock with a little smile on her face. Well, I've always thought that 
child molesting was very sick and it was completely against my 
principles, but now that I was sitting there totally nude with this 
beautiful child staring at me was more then I could stand. Against my 
will, my nine inches of thick cock started to get very hard. I really 
didn't know what to do as it quickly got longer and began to lift its 
thick head toward the ceiling.
	She was just standing there staring at my big hard on. My 
startled eyes watched her drop a hand till it was pressed down over her 
hidden pussy mound and realized to my confusion that she was rubbing the 
spot where her cunt slit would be nestled between her thighs. Almost 
without conscious thought, my hand started stroking my long stiff cock.
	She didn't say a word as I continued to masturbate in front of 
her, but just stepped over to my side. "Did you finish with the form?" 
she asked and again I nodded my head.
	She then astounded me by reaching out and stroking the head of 
my dick. As she pulled her fingers back, she said, "It's very pretty and 
a lot bigger then my brother's." Obviously there was some incest going 
on in her family and the thought of such things made my prick jerk up 
even stiffer.
	"Can I touch it some more?" she asked, and didn't wait for an 
answer before closing her small hand around my cock just under the head.
	"You can touch me, too, if you'd like...I always let my brother 
Stevie and my daddy touch me whenever they want." I was still trying to 
deal with her last statement when she abruptly lifted her short skirt 
and pulled a pair of very brief pink panties down those long slender 
legs. I caught a brief glimpse of her beautiful bald pussy mound with 
its deep inviting slit and started jacking off faster.
	Without waiting for an invitation, she spread her legs and sat 
down straddling my right leg. I could feel the delicious warmth and 
wetness of her open slit as it pressed against my leg. She was staring 
at my cock...now as hard and erect as it was ever going to be...and 
began sliding her already wet and leaking bare pussy back and forth 
along my leg.
	I was so hot I was ready to come any second, so I took her hand 
off my prick and said, "Just rub my balls for a minute. I'm naked and 
you're still mostly dressed. Let's take your clothes off, too, so I can 
see you."
	She giggled, "I wondered when you'd ask," and helped me as I 
eagerly pulled her dress off over her head.
	It was the only garment she was wearing at this point, since 
she'd already removed her panties earlier. Now this fabulously pretty 
little preteen was sitting there on my thigh completely naked except 
for her white sox and her shoes, and her deep slit was gaping widely, 
exposing the hood of her bright pink prepuce. I could admire that sleek, 
slender, naked body in all its glory.
	Her flat chest had just the barest beginnings of nubbly breasts 
with pretty pink nipples and I started rubbing them, watching the 
nipples erect into stiff spikes. Gasping in delight, she took one of her 
hands off my balls, stuck the fingers into her wide open hairless cunt 
slit and started rubbing the hidden clit.
	Glancing down at her belly, I stared in delight as I saw her 
little pink pussy lips splayed out against my leg as she crushed her 
genitals against me. There was a slick wet stripe along the top of my 
thigh where she had been rubbing her cunt, her pussy juices leaving a 
trail in the hair of my leg like that of a snail.
	"Just a second," I said, "I have a better idea." I rose, picked 
her slender naked body up and carried her into the bedroom. She looked 
up with curious eyes as I laid her on her back atop the rumpled sheets.
	"What are you doing?" she asked apprehensively.
	"Don't worry, you'll love this," I said, pulling her unresisting 
slender legs apart and moving my face down between her soft thighs. 
Placing my thumbs along the edges of her hairless slit, I pressed the 
lips to either side, opening her deep pink cleft. All her youthful 
treasures were displayed there -- her little bright pink clitoral hood, 
her perky clit, her tiny piss hole and, most erotic of all, the wide 
open entrance to her juvenile vagina. No hymen in here!
	Pushing my face deep between her legs, I started eating her 
rubbery hairless pussy. It tasted wonderful as I licked her, stabbing my 
tongue deep into the tight entrance of her fuck tunnel and I soon had 
her squirming all over the bed. Before long she came, squealing in 
delight, flopping and hunching her hips against my mouth. Breathless 
once it was over, she pulled away, rising to her knees as she pushed me 
over on my back.
	Straddling my head, she faced my feet and abruptly threw a knee 
over my face and squatted. I had only a brief glimpse of her open slit 
above my eyes before she was grinding her wet cunt against my nose and 
mouth. I could hardly breathe; my nose was almost pushed up her asshole 
and her wet gash was grinding into my mouth. I licked and sucked and 
wormed my tongue right up inside that wonderfully warm fuck tunnel.
	Then I felt the most wonderful thing of all: My cock sliding 
into the warm cavern of her mouth. She struggled, but couldn't get my 
thick shaft in very deep because her mouth was pretty small and my cock 
is pretty good sized. Soon her head was bobbing up and down rapidly as 
she sucked the last three inches of my prick. I must have been in deep 
enough because I came after only a few moments! She tried, in vain, to 
swallow all my come, which surprised me from a girl that young.
	Rolling off me after she had finished sucking up my semen and 
licking my cock clean, she still had a little of my come dripping down 
her chin as she lay there laughing...her legs remained wide apart as she 
rubbed her little clitty. This incredible naked nymph looked amazingly 
sexy...and my cock never softened the least little bit.
	"Fuck me," she demanded, wiping my semen off her lips with her 
sweaty hand.
	I was into this juvenile sex scene so far now that I decided I 
had little more to lose. She opened her slim legs farther than I would 
have thought possible as I lifted myself over her supine form. Her 
fingers slipped into her cunt and pulled the soft pussy lips apart as I 
nestled the tip of my rock hard prick against her wide open crack. I was 
ready and eager to fuck her, but I wasn't too sure about the mechanics 
of all this, though.
	"I'm pretty big," I said, poking the thick cock tip against the 
slippery wet entrance to her womb.
	"It's not so much bigger than my daddy's," she giggled, reaching 
down between her legs to grab my prick to help seat it against her hole, 
"and we fuck all the time, I'm sure I can get it inside me."
	That mental image of this sweet young thing taking her father's 
cock in her tight little hole was all I needed! Thrusting inward, I 
forced an inch of my cock inside that hot, tight channel...and I nearly 
came again from the incredibly tight feel of her hole.
	"Yes...yes...yes..." she gasped each time I thrust inward a 
little more. I watched the thick ruddy brown shaft of my cock slowly 
disappear between those pink hairless cunt lips till she had finally 
accepted six inches of hard prick. I could actually feel the smooth cap 
of her young cervix at the end of her hole and knew that she had taken 
all that she could.
	She lay there with her eyes closed and said nothing more as I 
began to stroke my eager cock in and out of her belly. Her vaginal 
tissues were so tightly stretched around my plundering cock that they 
clung to my shaft on the out stroke like the collar of a turtle neck 
sweater and then sank deeply inward on the down stroke. I leaned down 
and sucked her tiny tits as I fucked her, coaxing out squeals of joy as 
I filled her hole over and over. After four or five minutes of inspired 
fucking, she came and came and came under me, till at last I knew I was 
about there, too.
	A few more hard quick thrusts and it happened! Almost without 
warning, my balls emptied themselves entirely, sending jet after jet of 
thick hot whiteness into her tight fuck channel. On and on I spurted, 
watching her open cunt slit till my semen finally overfilled her 
vagina and oozed out of her around the thick plug of my cock.
	Gasping for breath, I slowly pulled my still-erect prick from 
her friction reddened vaginal entrance, watching the tightly clinging 
vaginal collar gripping my cock and hearing the soft liquid "plop" it 
made when I finally withdrew all the way. I just sat there on my heels a 
few moments between her still wide-open legs, catching my breath and 
watching the thick dribbles of white semen trickle from her narrow cunt 
channel to run slowly down her slit and across her bright pink anal puc 
ker.
	"That was neat," she said at last, sitting up and kissing the 
head of my still half-hard prick, "you're even better at fucking than 
daddy...or either one of my brothers."
	By this time we were both pretty sweaty and she had semen on her 
face and smeared all through her cunt, so I suggested a shower. She 
slipped off her shoes and sox and padded after me, stark naked now. I 
started the water running in the sho wer and looked over at her as she 
plopped her little ass down onto the toilet seat. Grinning lewdly, she 
opened her thighs widely and scooted backwards on the oval seat. I could 
see her semen smeared pussy lips gaping widely as she leaned back...and 
then felt a new surge of stiffening in my cock as I realized what she 
was about to do!
	"Daddy likes to watch me pee," she said as she bore down, 
giggling, and jetted a thick yellow stream into the bowl beneath her 
cunt, "we have lots of fun playing pee games." I watched till the stream 
turned to an irregular trickle...and then stepped up to her with my cock 
in my hand.
	"Oh...are you going to...?" she began.
	I was...and I did! Aiming my penis, I jetted my own golden 
contribution at her slender naked form...playing the stream over her 
nearly titless chest and into her open cunt. She laughed wildly, leaning 
forward into the stream...finally taking a mouthful of my hot piss just 
before the stream failed.
	The water was hot and ready by then and we slipped into the 
shower stall together. We washed each other all over and while I was 
rubbing her soapy slit with my eager hands, she reached between my legs. 
To my astonishment, she wormed her finger into my asshole for a few 
seconds and I was instantly erect again. I leaned back against the 
shower stall wall, wondering where this little vixen had learned all she 
seemed to know about sex as I thrilled to her giving me a second blow 
job. After I had come into her mouth again and we ended our shower, we 
dried off. She told me that she'd like to stay and play with me some 
more, but that she had to go sell some more tickets. Still completely 
naked, we reluctantly went back out to the front room where she 
suddenly turned and asked me an odd question.
	"Do you have a Polaroid camera?" she grinned.
	"Uh...yeah," I answered, confused.
	"Get it, please," she said, posing there naked in the bright 
sunlit hallway, her hand on her hip. I stepped into the den and took the 
camera from a shelf in the closet.
	"Take a couple of pictures," she said, smiling broadly, "they 
can be a souvenir of our fun together today."
	"Are you sure about this?" I asked, my cock betraying me again.
	"Sure am," she said, sitting down on the coffee table, moving 
her feet apart, resting on her elbows and leaning back to push her 
hairless belly out obscenely. Her entire open cunt slit was visible and 
there were still some little streaks of leaking semen oozing from deep 
inside her vagina. My hands were shaking as I framed the scene, but I 
snapped a quick photo. As the film was slipping from the slot I looked 
up to see her turning away from me.
	"Take another one," she laughed, her feet spread wide as she was 
bending over at the waist to rest her hands on her knees. I raised the 
camera and snapped a shot of her grinning face looking back over her 
shoulder, past her naked ass and exposed cunt, with her finger wormed 
up into the exposed vaginal area.
	I was still standing there gawking at the incredible photos 
developing their images in my hands as she got dressed and picked up her 
clipboard.
	She walked over to the door and said, "my daddy and his friends 
often have parties at our house on Saturday nights. They all bring their 
daughters with them and we play games there just like the ones we just 
played.
	"Your daughter Mindy and I've talked a lot about sex games 
lately. She told me she'd seen you and your wife fucking and wanted to 
try it herself. When I told her about my family and the parties, she 
decided that she'd like to come to one of them...and that she wants to 
come with you," the little vixen said, grinning. "Mindy told me how sexy 
you looked naked. She says she thinks a lot about fucking and 
sucking...with you."
	Mindy...my little innocent Mindy...interested in fucking and 
sucking? We ran a very loose household here and every since she was born 
I'd always managed to find reasons to help Mindy in the bath or to get 
dressed. I loved the sight and touch of her naked body...and the recent 
events at the nudist resort had sharpened that interest. My mind raced 
back to the sight of her slender nude titless body with its full 
hairless pussy swell and the slightly protruding wedge of her prepuce 
head peeping from between her soft pussy lips.
	The thought of my little Mindy being willing...and eager...to 
display herself naked before me and other men like me was a thunderbolt. 
The further possibility that she might want to have sex with me was 
almost more than I could handle! ""Maybe you and Mindy can discuss the 
parties between now and next Saturday," the little girl laughed, 
stepping up to me and stroking my stiff half-hard cock. "There'll be 
another party then. Why don't the two of you come on over," she coaxed 
in a sexy voice. "My name is Cindy Pelham...and I live at 300 Cedar 
Circle. The party starts at 5:30...sharp. Bring Mindy with you...and 
don't worry about wearing any underwear...either of you."
	"See you," and then she was gone!
	After I closed the door, I stood there with another hard on as I 
imagined watching her and Mindy naked...and me with them ready for sex. 
I almost came all over the carpet! 

4 - Cherry Picking Time 
	I got dressed and tried to do some work in my home office...but 
I kept pulling the Polaroid shots out of their hiding place and staring 
at the lewdly naked Cindy. Without those photos I might have thought I'd 
just imagined the morning's sex games.
	Hearing the car drive into the garage, I hid the photos and 
tried to will my hard erection away before Sue and the girls got inside. 
I was only half successful.
	Chatter about the successful soccer game, preparations for lunch 
and the meal itself took some of the edge off things, but every time I 
looked at Mindy I found myself mentally stripping her...comparing her 
undeveloped girl's body with her mother's and with Cindy's. My wife Sue 
is a very pretty woman in her own right...tall and slender, narrow 
hipped and with smallish firm breasts that I loved to handle. What would 
she think if she knew I intended to try and fuck our daughter in just a 
few days? What had happened to me in those few short hours?
	"I've got to go to the grocery store," my wife announced as we 
cleared away the lunch dishes. "I have a few other errands, too, so I 
probably won't be back till supper time. Mindy has some homework to 
finish up, but I'll take the other two. "
	"No problem. We'll be just fine," I heard myself saying...my 
mind racing ahead to what the afternoon might bring. A few moments later 
Sue's care was headed back down the driveway and I was alone in the 
house with Mindy.
	Taking a deep breath, I walked down the hallway to my daughter's 
bedroom and tapped on the door.
	"Come in," came Mindy's voice and I opened the door. My pretty 
daughter was standing across the room talking on the telephone. I stood 
there, waiting, and looked her over with a different perspective than 
ever before. She was dressed in short shorts and a tube top...and was 
standing with her back to me. She was slender, like her mother, and her 
narrow buttocks were suddenly very enticing to me.
	"OK, Cindy...talk to you later," I was startled when I heard 
Mindy say that name. Surely it wasn't the same Cindy, I thought.
	"Hi, daddy," she said, putting the phone down and turning to 
look at me. "What's up?"
	"I heard you say Cindy," I said in a voice that I suspected of 
quivering. Taking a deep breath, I asked the fatal question, "Do you 
know a girl named Cindy Pelham?"
	"I sure do," Mindy giggled, "that was her. Are we going to the 
party next Saturday?"
	I was stunned! There it was...everything out in the open and a 
world of insane possibilities before me. What the hell was I to do about 
it?
	"Mindy," I spoke slowly, trying to control my voice, "do you 
know what sort of party this is supposed to be?"
	"Yeah...I think so," she said, smiling shyly, "Cindy says it'll 
be one of the naked ones...and that there will be lots of sex stuff. 
I've been talking to Cindy and some of the other girls who'll be 
there...and I want to go."
	I was speechless. I was totally unable to respond to this 
astounding statement by my daughter.
	"You've seen me lots of times without my clothes, daddy," Mindy 
said, her hands moving to her belt buckle, "and I've seen you without 
yours at the resort...and you know I've seen you and mom having sex 
together...but we've never really looked at each other's bodies up 
close. Cindy says that she thinks we ought to get used to each other 
naked a little bit before we go to one of their parties." She was 
unbuckling the belt and unzipping her fly as she spoke. Before I could 
think of anyt hing to do or say, she slipped her shorts and panties to 
her ankles...and stepped out of them to stand there before me naked 
below the waist.
	"Cindy suggested that I take my clothes off and let you really 
look me over...really close," his daughter said, pulling her tank top 
off and tossing it aside to look coyly at him in her now compete nudity, 
"and she said that you ought to do t he same for me."
	She was absolutely beautiful as she stood waiting for my move. I 
stared hungrily at her...seeing her like it was the first time...her 
long slender legs, her narrow sexy hips, her flat belly with that full 
swell of a pussy mound, her deep cunt slit with the slightly protruding 
cunt lips and prepuce, and her body's sleekly flat child's nudity.
	I was lost! Without even thinking about it, I knew that my hands 
were removing my own clothing...peeling off my T-shirt, kicking off my 
sandals...and then dropping my own shorts and underwear.
	"Daddy! You're so beautiful," Mindy squealed in delight as I 
stood there naked before my daughter...nine inches of cock gristle fully 
erect and aiming toward the sky above my heavy, hairy balls.
	"Last chance, Mindy," I said hoarsely, as I stepped close to 
her. I stopped with the tip of my cock just inches from her smooth 
belly. "Are you sure that this is what you want?"
	"Yes, daddy, I'm very sure," my sexy naked daughter giggled, and 
reached out with both hands to grasp the hardness of my erect prick, 
"and I'm pretty sure it's what you want, too."
	"Let's lie down...on the bed," I managed to say as she began 
smoothly stroking my throbbing prick. She smiled shyly and nodded her 
assent. Still holding onto my penis with one hand, she walked beside me 
to her bed and we laid ourselves down side by side...head to feet.
	"You're very lovely," I said, moving my hands to her thighs.
	"Thank you," Mindy replied, starting to stroke my cock and balls 
again. She opened her legs widely at my first touch, revealing the 
entire expanse of her juvenile cunt area. Her pussy mound and lips were 
entirely without the slightest hair and as she lay there before me, her 
slit opened up to reveal the inner lips and her prepuce. Unlike her 
mother, Mindy's inner lips were broad, thin leaf-like blades that 
protruded evidently even when she was standing normally. Her prepuce was 
a thick, prominent wedge of pink brown that hooded the large gleaming 
pink clit that emerged into the light as my trembling fingers pushed the 
prepuce flaps aside.
	Further back along the deep pink slit there was a slight 
prominence and as I fingered her softness I could see the little mini-
slit that marked her piss hole. I wondered if she'd learn to play piss 
games like those he'd enjoyed with Cindy? Behind the urethra was the 
shallow depression that marked the location of her vagina, just in front 
of the doughnut ring of her pink-brown anus...an anus just like her 
mother's.
	"I've been giving you lots of chances at the resort to see 
between my legs," she giggled, "and Cindy told me that men like to watch 
girls when they pee...so I've been doing that a lot too. Do you like to 
see me that way?"
	"I...yes...yes, I really do," I answered awkwardly, caught off 
guard by her boldness and candor. I gently fingered the entrance to her 
vagina, pressing the tissues aside in search of a hymen...but what I 
found was an opening ringed by little tattered fingers and strips of 
tissues. Her maidenhead was clearly gone...and recently!
	"Mindy?" I asked gently, "have you ever had sex with a boy?"
	"No...well, sort of..." she said, hesitantly. "Cindy and I play 
finger games with her brothers, Stevie and Mike. We never fuck each 
other...but Cindy and Stevie finger fuck me...and I've sucked Mike off a 
bunch of times while he fingered my ...my hole."
	That explained it, I thought to myself, Mindy lost her cherry to 
one of their masturbation orgies. She was still technically a virgin.
	"Are we going to fuck, daddy?"
	Stunned by the matter of fact query, I was unable to answer at 
once. What was happening here?
	"Cindy said that she let her daddy have the first fuck with her 
when she was ten," Mindy said, stroking his cock faster...harder, "and 
since I'm eleven...maybe we can fuck...today...before Mom gets back."
	I couldn't trust myself to speak...but I was able to move! I 
lifted myself to my elbows and moved my face over that pretty naked 
pussy slit. Spreading her lips apart to reveal everything, I lowered my 
face to her cunt and gently licked the exposed clit.
	"Ohhhhhhh, Daddy...yesssssss..." Mindy squealed and humped her 
cunt up into my mouth. I needed no further encouragement. I began 
licking and suckling her seeping wet slit with the same skill and 
abandonment I used for making love to her mother. My tongue played 
along the deep slippery slit, stroking her clit, abrading her piss hole, 
slurping over her raised anus...and especially probing and exploring 
that tight little vaginal orifice!
	As I got into eating out my daughter's delightful cunt, I felt 
her soft warm lips slipping over the tip of my cock. Hardly thinking 
now, just letting the animal passions rule me, I lifted my knee and 
moved above Mindy's slender body...settling down so that I was resting 
on my elbows and knees...my cock aimed straight down at her eager mouth.
	Happy to please, Mindy slurped the tip of my thick shaft into 
her mouth again and began to suck me with eagerness and surprising 
skill. I looked down the length of her body under my own and saw my cock 
filling her mouth to the max! Her lips were stretched around my cock as 
she worked on it for me. Not to disappoint her, I returned to her slit.
	Sucking and licking as before, I pressed a fingertip inward 
above the tightness that marked her vagina. Wriggling the digit, I was 
able to use her seeping slippery fluids to slip past the entrance muscle 
ring and savor the hot tightness of her virgin sheath. In and in went 
my finger till I had penetrated her as far as I could...and I began to 
slowly finger fuck her.
	"Oooommmmphhhh..." came a strangled moan from Mindy as she 
sucked harder on my prick...and I felt her vagina clamp down hard on my 
finger. On and on we worked on each other's genitals. I had to struggle 
to avoid coming into that greedy mouth as I worked on Mindy...wriggling 
in one more...then a third probing finger as I pumped her tight channel.
	And then I got my first reward.
	"Ahhhhhh....ohhhhhh, godddddddd..." Mindy wailed, releasing my 
cock as her slender form arched upwards from the bed and she rapidly 
dry-humped her pussy into my face as she came violently.
	I pulled my leg back and lay beside her as I watched her come 
down from a powerful high...my fingers still inside her hole, enjoying 
the rapid fire spasms that marked her subsiding orgasms. Her aureoles 
had darkened noticeably and her nipples were elongated...stiff and 
aimed out from her flat chest like hard little fingers. A rosy flush 
played across her upper chest.
	"Ohhhhh, daddyyyyyy..." she gasped as I moved again, this time 
slipping between her legs and positioning myself up close to her 
obscenely splayed naked lower body. Gleaming wetness showed everywhere 
in her slit and over the surfaces of her o uter lips. She was 
ready...and so was I!
	"I love you, daddy," she whispered as she looked down her bare 
titless body at my hands where they were spreading her hairless slit as 
widely as possible, "that was so wonderful! Are we going to...?"
	"Yes, baby," I grinned at her, pressing forward till the hot tip 
of my aching cock was resting against the garishly exposed entrance to 
her vagina, "unless you change your mind and tell me to stop right 
now...we are going to fuck each other." 
	"Oh, noooo...you can't stop now...please, daddy," she said 
feverishly, reaching down to grasp my cock and pull me closer.
	"I have no intention of stopping now, Mindy," I answered, 
pressing inwards a bit and feeling the resistance of her tight hole, 
"tell me if it hurts too much. The first time may be a less pleasant 
one...but all the times after that will be wonderful.
	"Hang on...here we go!"
	I hunched my hips and stabbed inward just a bit...and gasped to 
feel the tightness as her slippery vagina accepted the thick head of my 
cock. My cock was inside my daughter's cunt over an inch! Again and 
again I pressed inward...using the same caution I'd employed earlier 
that morning when I'd fucked Cindy. My cock was so large relative to 
Mindy's cunt that it pressed her hairless lips widely to either side as 
I worked it deeper and deeper into her virgin belly. 
	"It....it's...wonderful..." she gasped when I had five of my 
nine inches inside her hot sheath, "more...more..."
	Worried about accidentally hurting her, I slipped my arms around 
Mindy's sides and holding her tight, I rolled over till I was lying on 
my back and she was atop me...still impaled on my quivering cock.
	"I want you to run things, darling," I said, humping up at the 
surprised girl's crotch again. "You fuck me...and that way if it's too 
tight or I put it in too deep, you can stop."
	She grinned down at me and her slender naked body with its cunt 
slit suspended over my crotch was so erotic that I nearly came right 
then...but I was able to hold on a bit longer. Now that she understood 
what I was telling her, Mindy took charge and began eagerly working my 
cock into her belly...wriggling her hips, hunching her pelvis...pressing 
her body down till at last I felt the hard smoothness of her cervix.
	"Ohhhh...I...I don't think I can go any further," she said in 
alarm, looking down comically between her legs at the thick shaft that 
was penetrating her body and forcing her slender cunt lips so widely 
apart, "it feels so huge...like there's a great big log up inside 
me...".
	"Don't try to push it in any deeper, sweetheart...you're in to 
the bottom of the hole," I groaned.
	"But...but there's still some of you outside," she said, 
confused, her hand between her legs as she grasped the exposed part of 
my now iron-hard cock.
	"You've taken almost seven inches, Mindy...that's pretty good 
for the little girl you still are," I said, gritting my teeth to keep 
from spurting inside her tightness, "when you get tits and pussy hair 
your hole gets deeper and you'll be able to handle all nine inches."
	"Are we...are we going to fuck, now," she said in a small voice.
	"You're in the driver's seat, babe, do you know what to do?"
	"Oh, yes...I've seen some fucking videos over at Cindy's place," 
she giggled, "and I've watched Cindy fuck Steve and Mike...shall I 
start?"
	"God, yes...before I lose control and come inside you right 
now!" I urged. Grinning, she began to lift and drop her slender nude 
form, allowing my thick cock to slip and and out of view for a length of 
perhaps five inches. She quickly acquired the feel of it...catching the 
right rhythm...learning to keep from losing the tip on the outstroke. In 
minutes she was fucking me like a trooper...with long powerful strokes.
	"Ohhhh, daddy...it's wonderfullllll...." she cried. I looked to 
my crotch and gaped in delight to see her fat hairless little lips 
spread widely as her vagina accepted the two inch-plus thick shaft of my 
cock. Her secretions were wetting my prick and it gleamed slickly every 
time it reappeared from within her body. Her slender nude form quickly 
became coated with sweat as she worked and I knew I couldn't hold my 
come much longer.
	Suddenly she froze with my cock halfway out of her, her body 
arched backward with her little cleft pussy mound pushed out toward 
me...and she seemed to hang there suspended, her eyes closed and her 
fists clenched tight against her titless chest.
	"Ohhhhhhhh..." she hissed, and I felt her vagina pulsing 
rhythmically against my cock. Her hidden sheath was pumping, sucking, 
feeling as I thought a milking machine would feel...and I lost it!
	Thick jet after jet of semen pumped out of me to fill and 
overfill her tight channel. As I stared at her naked crotch and my cock, 
her pussy mound and lips contracted with each pulse of her vagina and 
each tight clamping against my cock forced some of my semen from her 
tightly stretched vaginal orifice, white driblets oozing out to fall on 
my hairy belly.
	Her climax seemed to go on forever...but at last she relaxed the 
tautness of her body and slowly fell forward to lie atop me and nestle 
her face into my shoulder. I slipped my arms about her and hugged her 
tightly. She was sprawled out with her legs widely open and my cock was 
still up inside her spasming hole.
	"Daddy, daddy, daddy, daddy..." she crooned over and over, her 
body trembling.
	"If I didn't know better," I said softly, slipping my hand down 
her sweaty back and over her firm buttocks to the openness of her 
crotch, "I'd think maybe you liked that." My fingers slipped down her 
ass crack and across her tight anus to stroke her narrow cunt lips, 
gathering my semen dribbles and spreading them back and forth on either 
side of my still half-hard cock. I dragged the wetness up and over the 
tight doughnut of her anal sphincter, toying with it. I found myself 
wondering how soon she'd be old enough to let me try to fuck her in that 
hole.
	"I never knew...how could I know...?" she said softly, squeezing 
my cock with her pussy, "is sex always that good, daddy?"
	"If you're lucky," I chuckled.
	"Can we do it again?" she asked in a half-whisper.
	"We can try," I answered and rolled over, holding her to me, so 
she ended up on her back and under me. She grinned in delight as I rose 
to my knees and elbows...and started to thrust my newly stiffened cock 
into her again.
	We rode together to a new climax and I somehow found more semen 
to fill her hole again. That was the fifth time in one day...three with 
Cindy and two with Mindy.
	Afterwards, Mindy wriggled cutely down to my belly and squeezed 
my cock, expelling one final driblet of semen. Licking it up and sucking 
the wetness from my cock.
	"Oh, daddy..." she said sitting up, suddenly serious, "we just 
have to go to that party next Saturday. This was the first time I've 
ever fucked...but it's not going to be the last. I want to go...please?"
	"If we can find a way to get there without your mother knowing, 
I'm game," was my response.
	"There's a PTA meeting that night...mom almost always goes to 
them."
	"Well, if she does...we'll go to the party," I said, sitting up 
and rising from the bed.
	"And speaking of your mother, little girl...you're a mess! There 
semen just running out of your pussy, you're all sweaty and look 
terrible...and so do I. We better get showered and dressed before she 
gets back, or there's going to be a lot of explaining to do. Let's 
shower together...OK?"
	"You bet...come on," she said laughing, and I looked on with 
admiring lust as I watched her slender sexy naked form scamper to the 
bathroom, her tight little buns twitching and the wetness of her inner 
thighs very evident. Smiling to myself, I followed her into the shower 
for a fun filled half hour of slippery soaping and groping games.
	When Sue and the girls returned an hour later we were both busy 
at odd tasks and nothing was evident to tell Sue what her beloved 
husband and daughter had been up to while she was away! 

5 - Pins and Needles 
	The week passed slowly...but not without incident! When I got 
home Tuesday after work, I found Mindy standing in the kitchen with a 
note in her hand. That was her only adornment, however...as she was 
completely naked!
	"Mom's gone to a meeting," she grinned, rubbing her deep slit 
with a fingertip, "and she took Polly and Suzy with her. She says we are 
to take care of ourselves for supper. I thought maybe you could eat my 
pussy and I could try to get my supper by sucking you."
	Needless to say, I lost my clothes in an instant and we ended up 
on the carpeted den floor in a classic "69" with Mindy on top. I sucked 
and fingered her to perhaps a dozen wild climaxes...and true to her 
word, she brought me off. Eagerly sucking and licking she took it all, 
not losing a drop as I came into her greedy mouth.
	That wasn't enough for her...or me...and she posed leaning 
against the back of the couch with her feet spread, presenting me her 
hairless pussy and quivering firm ass cheeks. The remaining semen 
trickling from the end of my cock plus her own wetness made it easy to 
impale her with one long thrust. Gripping her narrow hips tightly, I 
rode her to another wild climax for the two of us.
	Laughing and cuddling, we went off to a mutual shower again and 
then dressed for a trip to a burger place to have supper. Mindy wore a 
short skirt and on the way home, she skinned her panties off and spread 
her legs to allow me access to her slit. She reclined the seat, opened 
her legs and I fingerfucked her to a pair of orgasms during the ride.
	Carrying her panties in her hand as we walked back to the house, 
she suddenly grabbed me in a super affectionate hug and surprised me by 
kissing me full on the lips.
	"Saturday's going to be so much fun," she laughed, twisting away 
to head for her room and her homework. My cock was hard as a rock as I 
watched her scamper up the stairs...her naked ass cheeks and that fine 
tight slit visible beneath the hem of the skirt.
	Was I going to last till Saturday, I wondered? 
	We had a chance to fuck again on Thursday, but then there was no 
other opportunity till the weekend. Saturday dawned with bright, clear 
skies and warm...a perfect day for a party in the nude, I thought. I 
envisioned what the day might brin g as I showered...my cock fully erect 
at the memories of my daughter or Cindy naked and stuck on the end of my 
shaft.
	The morning passed painfully slowly, but the break came at 
lunchtime.
	"I have to be gone again tonight," Sue told me as she folded 
laundry, "Sandy Pelham called up yesterday and insists that I have to 
represent her at an emergency PTA meeting tonight. It promises to be a 
long one. Polly and Suzy are staying w ith mother for the night. You and 
Mindy will just have to take care of your own supper again."
	"Don't worry about us at all," I assured her, "maybe we'll go 
out for supper and take in a movie or something."
	"Sounds good, honey," she said, snuggling up to me and kissing 
me playfully. "I'm sorry to have been neglecting you so much 
lately...leaving you two on your own so much. Maybe tomorrow I can offer 
you a little token of my appreciation for yo ur understanding," she 
giggled, rubbing her pelvis against my cock.
	I wondered if I'd have enough stamina left to fuck her after a 
sex party with a bunch of oversexed girls. If the way Mindy went after a 
cock was any indication...heaven help me! 
	The clock seemed to be moving its hands through molasses that 
afternoon, but at last it was four o'clock and Sue came in to tell me 
she was leaving. I kissed her good-bye and she was off.
	"Is she gone?" I heard a voice behind me and saw Mindy standing 
in the doorway...naked.
	"Yeah...getting ready for the party?" I asked.
	"Well...sort of," she giggled, "but I thought maybe we could 
fuck once before we go."
	"Thanks a lot, silly...but a guy only has a few shots while a 
girl can fuck till she drops," I laughed, "I'm saving my shots for the 
party. By the way, what do you expect to happen when we get there?"
	"Well, Cindy told me that there'll be anywhere from ten to 
fifteen daddies and their girls there tonight," she said fingering her 
prepuce as she spoke, and everyone gets naked together. There'll be a 
swimming pool, maybe some games, lots to eat...and oh yeah, anybody can 
have sex with anyone else."
	"And that's really OK with you," I queried, "you aren't being 
forced into something you really would rather not do?"
	"Oh, golly, daddy," she said, grinning and spreading her legs so 
she could slip her hand between her thighs. She withdrew her hand with 
her fingers gleaming. "I've been so excited all week that my poor little 
pussy has been just flooding my panties...and today I've had to wipe 
myself over and over...and I had to change panties three times so far.
	"Since we first fucked I realized that I love it so much and I 
want to have a chance to fuck a lot of people," she said suddenly 
serious, "and you've been so good to me, I want you to have a chance to 
have fun with some of my girl friends, to o. There will be some very 
pretty girls there tonight...and some of them have been fucking for more 
than three years, so they're probably a lot better at it than I am."
	"OK, darling, as long as you aren't going to feel that this is 
sort of like child abuse," I added.
	"Child abuse! Silly...I might think that you've been guilty of 
child abuse because you've waited till now to start fucking me," she 
laughed, "Cindy's dad and brothers began with her when she was nine! My 
friend Melanie's dad started her on licking and sucking when she was 
six...and he first fucked her when she was ten. Thanks to you, I'm a 
social retard!"
	"OK...OK...you win," I laughed, stepping over to her and 
embracing her slender naked body, "no more trying to argue you out of 
this. Better get ready, though, because it's a quarter to five. We don't 
want to be late to our first party."
	She twisted away and was gone in an instant. I went to the 
master bedroom and stripped off, showered, shaved and splashed on a bit 
of cologne. 'Don't wear any underwear' Cindy had told me, so I pulled on 
a pair of soft cotton shorts over my half erect penis and slipped into 
an oxford cloth shirt. A pair of sandals completed my attire.
	Mindy was waiting in the kitchen for me. She was clad in a 
simple sun dress and was barefoot.
	"Ready?" I asked and she nodded her agreement. "Are you wearing 
any..."
	Anticipating my question, she flipped up the hem of her dress to 
flash me a glimpse of her bare belly and slit.
	"Let's go," she said, grabbing my hand and pulling me toward the 
door...her eyes sparkling with eagerness. I locked up the house, went to 
the car and after flashing Mindy a broad smile, put the car in gear and 
off we went. 

6 - Party time! 
	The Pelhams lived in a fine part of town, and their home turned 
out to be a large estate capping a low wooded hill. There were high 
brick walls all along the road and I turned off into the entrance road 
to be stopped before a solid gate. T here was a call box with a small TV 
screen built into the side of the wall by the gate. I pushed the call 
button and waited.
	"Hello," the TV screen lit up and a beautiful woman's face 
appeared, "can I help you?"
	"Hi...I'm Jack Danvers and I'm here with my daughter, Mindy. We 
were invited to a party tonight."
	"Oh, yes...Mindy's father," the woman said, smiling broadly, 
"just drive through the gates and follow the road till it forks. The 
right hand lane leads to the parking area and I'll meet you there." The 
screen went suddenly blank and the hig h gates opened smoothly.
	"Here goes, kiddo," I said, starting to drive through, "ready?"
	"Yeah...and just a little bit nervous," she said, grinning at 
me.
	"You'll be fine!" I looked ahead and marveled at the beauty of 
the grounds. Lush forest and underbrush grew densely near the edge of 
the property, making it impossible for anyone at the edge of the 
property to see in more than a few yards. This shrubbery soon gave way 
to open parkland dotted with groves of trees. The crown of the hill bore 
the roof angles of a very large house. Turning right at the fork in the 
road, I pulled to a stop in front of a long carriage house-like garage a 
nd parked next to one of the dozen cars already there.
	We stepped out, both of us uncertain of what to do next when we 
heard a voice behind us.
	"Hello Jack and Mindy...welcome to our home," I turned and was 
startled to see the woman from the TV monitor walking towards us...and 
was surprised to see that she was completely nude! Slender, small 
breasted and very pretty, she also had he r pubic hair removed and her 
prominent mons was cleft by a deep slit and protruding inner lips.
	"I'm Cindy's mother, Eloise," her hand was held out to me, so I 
shook it...trying hard to not stare at her very sexy body. My cock was 
stiffening and lifting inside my shorts...tenting out the front pretty 
obviously in the absence of underw ear to contain it.
	"Mindy...why don't you take your clothes off and leave them in 
the car. You can run along to join the other girls in the pool while I 
chat with your father." We both stood and watched as Mindy 
unhesitatingly peeled off her dress and scamper ed off naked.
	"She's a lovely girl," Eloise said, turning to me, "and so are 
the other girls you are going to get to fuck tonight. Why don't you get 
comfortable while I fill you in on the group here and tell you our 
rules." I stripped as she stood there watching me, and was more than a 
little bit self conscious for the first few seconds...but I suppressed 
those foolish feelings and was soon as naked as she. The difference was 
that she didn't have a nearly erect cock jutting from her belly!
	"We are a group of parents who believe that sex freely given 
between adults and children is not wrong...as long as the children are 
mature enough physically to be unharmed. If they are too little yet, we 
restrict the activities to things tha t don't involve penetration," she 
began. "Cindy told me about your large cock and I'm sure you understand 
that if it were improperly used on a girl who was too young, you could 
cause great pain and possibly injury.
	"There are twelve girls here tonight...the youngest is 
nine...the oldest is thirteen. A few of the older ones have some pubic 
hair and a couple of them have small breasts...but they even though they 
very much enjoy sexual activities, they are still little girls. With a 
cock as large as yours, I suggest you don't try and fuck the littlest 
ones. There will be plenty of pussies ready and able to take one that 
large...and I might want a chance to test you myself before the night is 
out," she laughed lightly.
	"Each of the girls was introduced to sex by her father and each 
of them has a very positive outlook," Eloise went on, "and all the 
fathers are gentle, caring men. Still we have to have a few rules. Break 
one of them and you're out...no seco nd chances...no exceptions. Still 
interested?"
	"Eloise, I enjoyed sex with your Cindy and I've been incredibly 
pleasured by Mindy...plus you're turning me on something awful," I told 
her, stroking my cock with new found boldness, "I suspect I'd agree to 
just about anything."
	"Well," she laughed again, "we may test that later, but here's 
the rule list.
	- No alcohol, drugs or smoking around the girls
	- No last names are used here unless someone wants you to
	- The girl is always in charge. You start and stop when she says 
so. Force a girl or hurt her and you're history
	- No anal sex. They're just too small yet
	- Never turn anyone down when asked for some sexual 
activity...and they have agreed to be equally responsive to anything you 
might ask them for
	- Kinky stuff like water sports is fine...but do it where you 
won't make a mess for everyone else. In other words, don't piss in a 
common area...do it on the grass
	- No photography without everyone's agreement
	- No private dates with someone else's daughter. What you and 
Mindy do on your own time is your business, and dates are permissible if 
the girl is with one or both of her parents while you have sex with 
their child
	- Never ever tell any outsider about the group. There is a 
nomination committee that handles that. You were nominated before Cindy 
approached you. A loose comment could get us all in jail.
	- Keep us posted on any possible sexually transmittable disease. 
We have doctors in the group, plus all the girls, including Mindy, are 
on birth control pills
	"Any questions?"
	"Well...you said I'd been nominated. By whom?"
	"You'll find that out later, "she laughed, "no personal 
questions are allowed for the first timers. By the way, you're a guest 
tonight, but future parties require every member to contribute fifty 
dollars for costs...agreed?"
	"Agreed."
	"One other questions...I can understand a father's wish to have 
sex with his daughter...and even understand sharing his daughter with 
other men in order to enjoy theirs. I would have suspected that a mother 
might feel differently. How come you're here offering me a chance to 
screw your little girl? What do you get out of it?"
	"Good question. I was raised in a very sexually active 
family...and my dad was one of the founders of this group. I started 
getting screwed in the home by my father when I was nine years old. I 
believe in this way of life...plus some of the members have teen-aged 
boys. Nobody fucks with the enthusiasm and staying power of male 
teenagers! I should know...since I have two teenage boys, one thirteen 
and one sixteen. They're insatiable and I wouldn't have it any other 
way. Enough said?"
	"Enough said!"
	"Fine...let's get back to the party. You two are the only first 
timers tonight. Relax and enjoy yourselves, and remember...pretty much 
anything goes. By the way...it's OK to stare. I can see that you're 
trying manfully not to stare at my cunt. Go right ahead! Have a blast!"
	"It's just that I've..." I faltered.
	"Never seen a bare pussy on an adult woman?" she grinned, "well, 
I discovered sex before I had any pussy fur and I decided that I liked 
myself that way. It was a disappointment when I started to look like a 
long-haired Angora cat between my legs. My dad was sympathetic, plus he 
liked the way my inner lips looked when we fucked...so he paid to have 
me permanently depilated when I was fifteen. I still think the little 
girl look is best...don't you?"
	"I think that your bald puss is one of the most erotic sights 
I've ever seen," I added, feeling my stiff cock throbbing.
	"Thanks for the compliment," she laughed, "I'd like to see how 
that fine long cock of yours feels...but tonight is for introducing you 
to the girls...and vice versa. Save yourself for them...you'll need all 
the strength you can muster. Come on...lets join the party."
	With that, she turned and walked away from me, her fine bare ass 
twitching and bobbling as she walked. Taking a deep breath, I followed.
	She led me along the front of the long garage and then turned to 
walk down a narrow hedge-walled curving pathway. I was just a pace 
behind her when all of a sudden we stepped out onto an open lawn before 
the main house. It was beautiful! F lower beds were everywhere, tasteful 
lawn furniture was scattered about, a large swimming pool graced the 
broad patio and beyond tall French doors opened into the mansion. But 
that was just the setting!
	A half circle of lawn chairs at the end of the pool held five 
naked men about my own age...athletic, hard bodied, good looking 
men...three other men were in the pool. Two young and very pretty nude 
women were with the five men...one of them looking like a fairly young 
teenager, with small, perky tits and just a haze of pale brown pussy 
hair.
	The young girl was fingering her slit.
	As I looked around, everyone I saw was nude.
	But what really grabbed my attention was what I saw on the far 
side of the pool. There I spotted seven nude young girls...Mindy among 
them...and all of them were like her, titless and with hairless pussies. 
They were standing around the edg e of one of the tables where another 
young girl lay with her knees up and her legs spread. They were all 
giggling, as one of their group worked a long bright day-glow pink dildo 
in and out of the reclining girl's garishly exposed gaping hairless pus 
sy.
	A slender girl standing beside Mindy was half squatting with 
another of the impossibly brightly tinted dildos in her hand...and was 
working it in and out of her own vagina as she stood there watching the 
sex play. The girl's back was to where I stood and since her legs were 
wide apart, I could see the brightly colored thing pressing her naked 
lips apart as she masturbated openly and unabashedly before the others.
	I could see that Mindy and two other girls were standing there 
rubbing their slits and toying with their clits as they watched the sex 
play.
	"Come on over here," Eloise said, breaking into my reverie, 
"I'll make some introductions to get you started...and then you're on 
your own." She led me to the group of men and women, and dropped down to 
rest on her knees beside a muscular bl onde man.
	"Jack's new here folks...his girl is Mindy...the pretty red-head 
across the pool there," she said, casually grabbing the long half-
flaccid cock of the man beside her.
	"Jack, this is Frank...my husband and your host tonight." I 
stepped over and shook hands, making the usual "hello...how are you" 
noises...but my attention was confused by the fact that Eloise was 
pumping her husband's cock to erection as she spoke.
	"Hi, I'm Andy," the next man said, extending a hand, and this is 
George," he indicated his neighbor. The other men were introduced as 
Stan and Allan. I learned that the men in the pool were Dave, Tom and 
Gene.
	"This is my wife, Belinda," George said, indicating the fine-
looking blonde sitting beside him. Full breasted, slender and pretty, 
the main thing I noticed was that her pussy was also hairless. Her 
parted legs showed me that she had been recently fucked...semen leaking 
from her gaping slit gleamed on her labia.
	"I'm Sandy," the thirteen year old teenaged girl said, stepping 
up to me and boldly grabbing my prick, "I'm Gene's daughter...and that 
is far and away the largest cock in this club...is that thing real?"
	"As nearly as I can tell, Sandy," I joked back at her, sensing 
that I was supposed to respond in kind, "are these?" With that I cupped 
her little rubbery tits in my hands and tweaked her nipples.
	"I have my fourteenth birthday next week," she said, grinning 
broadly as she pumped my cock to its maximum hardness and stiffness, 
"and then they toss me out of this kindergarten crowd...and I have to go 
with the older girls. Your cock is the biggest one I've ever seen 
here...and I want it for a birthday present.
	"What do you mean...toss you out of here?" I asked.
	Belinda spoke, "the club is structured for different age levels. 
You're here with your little girl because she'd between the ages of 
seven and fourteen. When she turns fourteen...she and you have to leave 
the juvenile group and move up to t he teenager's club...the girls there 
are fourteen to eighteen."
	"Everyone wants to fuck the little ones," Eloise said, "so we 
protect them a bit...just their dads and the other little girl's fathers 
get regular access to them sexually. The other men in the group can 
still fuck the little ones, though, in a special party we hold every 
other month."
	"This is my last party at this level," Sandy said, "and I want 
it to be the best ever. Please, fuck me...now!"
	I released one tit, reaching down to cup the fat bulge of her 
pussy mound, and she moved her feet apart as I did so, to give me some 
room. I slipped a pair of fingers up into her hot, damp slit and began 
rubbing her gently.
	"Given how wet you are, I guess you really do want to get laid," 
I chuckled, "the only questions I have for you are...where and in what 
position?"
	"Right here...on the grass," she said, smiling as she let go of 
my cock and plopped her ass down right in front of me, a leg on either 
side of mine, "and right now!" I gaped down as she laid back in the cool 
grass and lifted her knees, spreading her thighs and exposing her 
lightly haired pussy lips and open, ready cunt slit.
	"Is she serious?" I asked the assembled watching adults.
	"She's my daughter," the man introduced as Stan spoke up, "when 
she says she wants to be fucked, she means it..and she knows her stuff. 
Be my guest. Enjoy!"
	Before I could do anything else, I heard a child's voice.
	"Mommy, can I have a...oh, look at that big cock," I glanced to 
the side and saw a slender brunette girl, perhaps ten or eleven years 
old. She was naked like the others, and her cleft cunt mound was 
gleamingly wet. White seepage showed alon g her slit.
	"You're leaking again, Gretchen," Belinda said, reaching to her 
daughter's slit with a Kleenex and wiping the thick semen dribbles away, 
"I've told you and told you...clean yourself up when you finish."
	"Sorry, mommy...but Gene puts so much come in me every time," 
the girl took the tissue and half squatted to wipe herself. "Is Mindy's 
daddy going to fuck Sandy?"
	"Yes, he is," Belinda said, nonchalantly.
	"Can I fuck you, Frank, while we watch them," the little girl 
said, tossing the tissue in a waste container and stepping over to where 
Eloise was gently sucking the erect penis of her husband.
	"Sure, punkin'," Frank said as Eloise slipped her mouth off his 
cock and sat back, grinning as the little girl straddled Frank's legs. 
Gretchen's back was to me and she was facing Frank as she positioned 
herself above his cock. Eloise slipped her hands in under the little 
girl to pull apart her quivering buttocks and then held her husband's 
cock erect while the girl squatted.
	I was very distracted as I watched Gretchen wiggle her hips to 
settle Frank's cock against her tiny vaginal opening. She hunched her 
hips expertly a few times and his cock head abruptly disappeared. 
Giggling, she abruptly squatted, forcing the remainder of his cock 
smoothly up inside her belly. From where I stood, her hairless cunt lips 
were visible on either side of the fat prick and I thrilled to see her 
pussy alterantly engulfing and then releasing his erection. 

7 - Let the Games Begin! 
	"Hey, sport," I looked down at Sandy, "I've got a hot and wet 
hole, too."
	"Sorry...I'm kind of new here...and the scenery is pretty 
spectacular," I answered, kneeling between the girl's thighs and 
reaching out to finger her cunt...probing inward for her hidden vagina. 
"Well, sure enough...you do seem to have a hol e for me to play with," I 
bantered, thrusting a pair of fingers into the hot, tight, wet tube.
	"I sure do," she said reaching over her belly and grabbing my 
long hard cock, "and it needs more than fingers inside it. Come on...do 
me!"
	I was so turned on by this time that I suspected I'd come onto 
her belly in a moment. Withdrawing my fingers from her wet channel, I 
pulled her sparsely haired lips apart to expose the bright pinkness of 
her inner slit and the ready vaginal entrance.
	"Since you got him under control," I said, "why don't you stick 
him inside where he can do some good." She grinned up at me and and 
positioned my prick so that the head was against her entrance...and I 
shoved inward. "Ohhhhhh....gggoooddddd...." she gasped, her back arching 
off the ground and her little tits quivered, her nipples stiff and hard 
as pebbles. I felt her cunt muscles grab my penis like a pair of tight 
fists.
	"Too much...shall I stop?" I asked, concerned.
	"If you stop... I'll... I'll... never forgive... you..." she 
gasped, haltingly, "that's the biggest... biggest cock I've ever had... 
and it feels... wonderfullllll! Fuck me!"
	I could tell that she was coming almost from the first few 
thrust, her vagina squeezing my prick as it slipped in and out...milking 
me...teasing me as I did as she had asked. Her thin pussy lips gripped 
my invading cock like a pair of face l ips. I reached out to toy with 
the rubberiness of her tiny tits.
	"More hip thrusts, dear...put something into it for him," I 
looked up to see a slender woman standing beside the lawn chairs. She 
was stripped to the waist, her large, full breasts swaying seductively 
as she unzipped her jeans and pulled th em to her ankles.
	"I know how to do this, mother," the girl beneath me gasped, 
suddenly putting a lot more efforts into the hip thrusting and the 
experience got even better for me! I looked up to watch my partner's 
mother as the older woman skinned her panties down and off and walked 
over to us, scratching her shaven mons as she walked.
	"Good God...you are big!" the mother said as she squatted beside 
us. I glanced at her boldly exposed cunt and enjoyed the view of her 
thin inner lips hanging well beyond the limits of the outer ones.
	"Hi...I'm Helen," she said, "don't bother to stop."
	"Hello," I said, a little unsure of myself. Here I was screwing 
this incredibly pretty naked teenager while her beautiful nude mother 
squatted within an arm's reach, "I'm Mindy's dad."
	"Don't worry about Sandy," the man introduced as Andy said. I 
glanced over to see the man coming toward us. He stopped and squatted 
behind Helen. "She's in good hands, in a manner of speaking," he added 
and I saw his hand appear under Helen's pussy as Andy slipped a finger 
into the woman's vagina.
	"I never could resist sophisticated smooth talker like you," 
Helen said, laughing as she swiveled and dropped to her hands and knees. 
Her bare ass was more or less aimed at me and I had a great view of her 
hairless snatch. She had a deep cleft, but the inner lips were very 
long, extending outward like a pair of brownish-pink leaves under her 
puckered anus. Andy moved in behind her, spread her cunt lips to open 
the way to her gaping vagina...and stabbed himself inside the woman's 
hole to the hilt. In seconds they were fucking hard and hot and heavy.
	"Hi, daddy," I heard and looked to my other side to find myself 
staring at Mindy's hairless puss, "having fun?"
	"Hi, honey," I gasped, the exertion getting to me as I pounded 
my long prick into the tight wet sheath, "sure am...How about you?"
	"Well, nothing's happened to me...yet," she giggled.
	"That's about to change, sweetheart," there was a man behind 
Mindy...I looked up to see that it was George. His long, slender cock 
was hard and erect above heavy, hairy balls. "Want to play, Mindy?"
	"Is it all right, daddy?" Mindy asked as she stared at my 
gleaming shaft slipping in and out.
	"It's fine with me...if you want to," I managed to say.
	"OK," she murmured, and turned to face George. I could see up 
between Mindy's legs, and saw that her entire slit was already reddened 
by her finger play. She was clearly hot and ready to fuck.
	"Let's play," she said, shyly. He grinned at her and dropped to 
the grass, laying back and held his cock straight up.
	"You should be on top at first," he advised her, "that way you 
get to control how deep I might go and I won't be likely to hurt you any 
way."
	I was behind Mindy a little, still fucking, and watched my 
daughter straddle George's hips. She squatted down till her cunt gash 
met his prick, and then went a bit further till the bulbous head of his 
cock spread her soft lips enough to half disappear. Mindy moved slightly 
forward and backward a bit, rubbing his cock along the groove of her 
genitals...and then stopped with his cock pressing against her hole.
	"Ready?" she asked George. her voice soft...but eager.
	"Whenever you are, Mindy," he answered, stroking her sleek hips. 
She grunted and pressed downward...and George's prick began to slip up 
inside Mindy's belly. I felt mixed feelings...jealousy at seeing my pre-
teen daughter eagerly giving her naked body to another man's thrusting 
prick...and pride at seeing her enthusiastic willingness to help 
pleasure the man. I began pounding Sandy's hole faster...feeling my 
climax nearing. Looking back at Mindy, I grinned to see her now 
kneeling, George's cock entirely inside my little girl's body.
	Glancing around, I saw a scene that would have been beyond my 
wildest imagination a week ago. There I was fucking this little teeny 
bopper, a few feet away a pair of handsome adults were screwing, my 
daughter was humping a man I'd never met...and that was just the 
beginning! Frank and Gretchen were still at in the chair, Allen was 
kneeling behind another of the hairless little girls taking her doggy-
style, and Dave was on his back in the grass...one nude pre-teen sitting 
on his cock while another squatted on his face. Eloise straddled Tom's 
prick, humping him hard with her tits bouncing, while a pair of little 
naked girls sat in the grass beside them...offering their open cunts to 
Tom's thrusting fingers. The tableau was completed by the sight of Gene 
kneeling on the patio...one little titless naked girl lying between his 
legs and sucking his dangling cock as she fingered herself...and he 
pressed his face into the open cunt of another very young girl...the 
nine year old, I found out later. Behind them on the patio were two 
other men who had just come out of the house...one of them was fingering 
a girl while the other was fucking a girl from behind as she leaned on 
the edge of a table.
	"Yessss...yessss...oh, Christ...yesssssssss," I heard Helen wail 
suddenly...climaxing as Andy pounded into her open gash.
	"Ohhhh...shiiiitttt!" I heard Andy groan and darted a glance to 
the left where they were humping. I had looked just in time to see him 
jerk his pulsing prick from her tight twat...and gaped at the long jets 
of thick whiteness that spurted from his prick to lace across Helen's 
bare back.
	An instant later I lost it, too...spurting long jets of liquid 
heat up inside Sandy's tight sheath till I filled her to overflowing! 
She was moaning, thrusting her hips at me and lost in her own 
climax...that tight hole spasming against the intrusion of my rigid 
cock!
	When I was in control again, I rocked back to sit in the 
grass...slipping my arms about the sweaty naked form of this loving 
teenager and pulling her with me. We sat there, tightly embraced...my 
cock still inside her vagina as we regained our composure. I looked 
over Sandy's shoulder at Mindy, bouncing up and down the long thin cock 
happily fucking George...and bringing him off. I could see his heavy 
balls contract as he came...pumping Mindy full of his semen. She had 
already come and was gleefully milking him. She finished and 
breathlessly lifted herself...allowing his slippery cock to glide out of 
her belly and fall back to his abdomen. I was still looking into her 
exposed cunt from behind, and I saw what looked like two tablespoons 
full or more of thick whiteness trickle thickly from between Mindy's 
pussy lips as her vagina drained.
	Sandy and I shyly, quietly separated and she went off to find 
another temporary mate...as did I. I strolled across the lawn toward a 
pretty blonde naked child sitting on a chaise lounge chair.
	"Hi! Want to..." I began.
	"Sure!" was her instantaneous response, as she scooted her 
little butt off the chair. With no further urging, she was lying on her 
back with her legs open. I stared down into her fuck reddened, semen 
smeared slit...and knelt between those s lender thighs.
	"Ready?"
	"Yeah...do it," was her answer...and I did!
	When we were done...she having two or three orgasms and I coming 
inside her...we were just sitting together in the grass. She was 
snuggled up against me with my arm about her shoulders...and my other 
hand lightly toying with the sticky swell of her mons and the head of 
her reddened slit.
	"I have to tinkle," she said softly, "do you like water games?"
	"I'm not sure what you mean," I asked, playing dumb.
	"Silly...I mean where we pee on each other," she laughed, 
reaching over to give my cock a squeeze.
	"Sure...shall I go first," I asked, "or do you really have to 
go?"
	"Me first," she said rising, "I'm about to pop...lay down."
	I did as she asked, lying flat in the grass and looking up with 
a little uncertainty as she stepped over me and straddled my belly. 
White wetness thickly coated her uppermost thighs and her pussy lips as 
my semen trickled from within her bel ly.
	"Ready?" she giggled, slipping her fingers into her sticky gash 
and spreading her lips.
	"Ready!" I answered...and immediately a flattened stream of 
bright yellow shot from deep inside her cunt cleft to spatter down onto 
my hairy belly! Startled just a bit, I watched from a few seconds as she 
played the jet across my cock and ba lls...and then I reached up to slip 
my fingers into her slit. I felt her hot urine embrace my hand and arm, 
flowing thickly and sensuously down to spill over my chest. All too 
soon, she was empty and standing there giggling as she urged a few short 
trickles from her now depleted bladder. My cock was stiff again from the 
wild experience.
	Before I could make other plans, she squatted and pressed her 
vagina over the tip of my penis and I slid up inside her again.
	"Now it's your turn...inside me," she said, breathlessly.
	"I...I don't know if I can," I gasped, feeling the erection cut 
off the ready escape of urine.
	"Sure you can...just try," she urged...and I bore down, trying 
to overcome the urge to retain my piss. Finally there was a short squirt 
of heat from me that flooded her tight tunnel.
	"Yeah...that's it," she squeaked, "more!" I concentrated...and 
was rewarded with first a few thick squirts...and then a mighty flow!
	"Yes....yes....yessssssss...! she enthused and I looked down 
between her thighs to see my piss spurting and frothing from within her 
as I emptied my over-taut bladder.
	My flow depleted, I dropped back with my eyes closed...but just 
for a moment! New hot piss splashed onto me and I looked up in surprise 
to see another girl straddling my hips. The first girl was leaning back 
and the second one had her belly pressed against the chest on the one I 
still penetrated. The standing girl was now pissing against the first 
child's chest. The yellow flow cascaded down the girl's sleek body and 
spilled out onto mine.
	Laughing when the flow stopped, the two girls scampered away, 
leaving me exhausted, sweaty, sticky and urine soaked. What an 
introduction to this new way of life, I thought as I cleaned myself with 
the aid of a garden hose.
	The daylight faded to dark, but the yard lights illuminated the 
continuing orgy. Food and drink were produced...and I drank a lot of 
non- alcoholic beer in order to quickly refill my bladder. I paced 
myself...heeding the advice of one father when we were kneeling side by 
side fucking a pair of kneeling girls. He told me that I didn't need to 
come into a girl's body each time...just fuck her till I could bring her 
off and then move to the next. If I didn't pace myself, I'd be through 
and spent before the night was half gone! I slowly worked my way through 
the girls and by the time it was nearly 10:30 I allowed myself the 
luxury of coming again...into the overly slick lubricated vagina of a 
pert little oriental child. 

8 - Explanations 
	I must have dozed off just a bit after that, because I was 
abruptly aware that someone was above me...and that it was an adult 
woman. I could barely see anything, because her slippery cunt was hardly 
an inch from my lips. All that I could r eally tell was that her smooth 
labia were shaven and her slit was open. I was pretty sure that this was 
Eloise and I was determined to make her a good climax. I thrust my 
tongue up inside her, unbidden, and began to lick the slippery 
groove...probi ng my tongue into her tight vaginal opening. At the same 
instant she slipped her lips over the tip of my newly stiff prick and 
began an inspired blowjob.
	Though I was rapidly approaching the fourth ejaculation in just 
a few hours, her mouth was so skillful that I knew it was going to be a 
big one! She ground her cunt into my face as she came, over and 
over...but never stopped sucking till I s purted into her mouth. I heard 
her moan in ecstasy, grunting as she slurped up my semen...and then we 
both collapsed in happy exhaustion.
	"Having fun?" I heard and looked up, the woman lying atop me had 
slipped down just enough to allow me to peer up between her parted ass 
cheeks. I saw the slender nude form of Eloise standing there, her arms 
crossed under her tits as she look ed down with a smile.
	"Yeah...yeah...the time of my life," I managed to say.
	"How many of the girls did you have?" she asked.
	"I really don't know," I answered, my hand rising to stroke my 
partner's sweaty buttocks, "seven...maybe eight or so...I came three 
times."
	"Think you want to be a part of this group again?" she laughed.
	"Damn right," I responded eagerly.
	"Well...you'll have to bring your wife into the group," Eloise 
said, with a smile, "we can't have any cheating."
	"My wife!" I was startled. "I really doubt that she'd understand 
this sort of life style. I'll never get her here."
	"Don't be too sure," came a muffled voice from near my knees and 
my sex partner rolled off. She sat up...and I saw that it was Sue! My 
wife!
	"Sue! I don't...I don't understand!" I stammered as I struggled 
to a sitting position. "How...where...your pussy hair..."
	The women laughed together and filled me in.
	"We had to wait till Mindy was old enough before I could do 
this," Sue explained, holding my hand. "None of the girls can join the 
club till they are either nine years old...or until George, our club 
doctor says their sex organs are matured enough. Mindy was a late 
bloomer.
	"I've wanted to bring you into this for all of our married 
life," she said, smiling, "this club has been going on a long time...and 
my daddy first fucked me when we were on a vacation in Switzerland when 
I was nine...and he brought me here wh en I was ten. These people have 
given me a rich, full sexual life...and I've continued to be a member 
sporadically over the years. Daddy and I still come to the meetings once 
in a while...not the children's section any more, but the older adult 
sec tions."
	"But when...how," I asked, confused.
	"Thank goodness you've never liked Band Parents, PTA, or any of 
the other volunteer groups I told you I belonged to," Sue giggled. "I'm 
sorry I lied...but the club won't let a father in without a 
daughter...and Mindy wasn't old enough before .
	"George clipped her maidenhead in his office just a few weeks 
ago...and we waited so that Mindy could let you be the one to have her 
cherry. The club has a sort of "pre-school" for the new candidate girls, 
and Mindy's been going to group mee tings with the other newcomer girls 
for over a year now. They meet with the new young boys and learn to do 
oral sex, the advanced techniques of love-making, and learning to easily 
reach their orgasms.
	"Oh, darling...please say you really aren't angry with me," Sue 
pleaded, suddenly very earnest, "and that you'll join us so our whole 
family can be part of this wonderful group."
	"Our whole family?" I parroted stupidly.
	"Well, Polly will be ready for you to fuck her in three 
years...and Suzy will get her turn in perhaps six or seven...the way the 
girls are spaced out, you and I will be able to stay with the young 
group for a long time."
	My dazed brain struggled with what I was learning. My wife had 
been a member here since she was a titless, hairless pussy'd little 
girl...and now I was being offered not only a chance to fuck her and 
Mindy, but a chance to spend the next doz en or more years rutting among 
these fine hard bodied little nymphets. My mental images of my two 
younger girls from our last family skinny dipping adventure brought my 
cock to hardness again.
	"Even though you can't fuck Polly or Suzy for quite a while 
yet," Sue went on, " the club allows families to start preparing the 
girls a lot sooner. When Polly turns eight we can introduce her to oral 
sex so our little family orgies ought to be pretty interesting soon. 
What do you say to all this? I think your prick votes 'yes'," Eloise 
said, with a laugh.
	"Well...how could I refuse such an offer," I chuckled, pulling 
my wife's warm naked body to mine, "I add my "yes" vote to the one my 
cock's casting. Where do I sign up?" 
	We stayed overnight at the mansion that night. I slept in a huge 
bed cuddled up with Sue, Eloise, Mindy and two of the other naked little 
girls. We fucked till I fell asleep...and then resumed the games in the 
morning. I was a wreck by the time we got home Sunday evening...but I've 
never regretted the decision to become a member of the group.
	The local club is affiliated with a nationwide network of 
similar groups and all our vacations since that summer have been at 
juvenile sex resorts. The best trip was last year when Sue, Mindy and I 
went on a two week vacation to a club whose headquarters were on a small 
island in the Caribbean. The lovely grounds hosted about two hundred 
people...a hundred were husbands and wives and the other hundred were 
sixty little girls and forty little boys...all under fourteen years of 
age. The rules were simple...no one wore clothes at any time...and 
anyone could fuck anyone anywhere and anytime. We all had to crawl back 
onto the airplane at the end of that one.
	That was last year...and last Monday was Polly's tenth birthday. 
We celebrated with a nice dinner and a birthday cake...and then had a 
rather unusual party. Leaving Suzy with a sitter...one of the girls from 
the sex club, Sue, Mindy, Polly a nd myself went to a motel in a town 
some twenty miles away. There we got a pair of adjoining rooms. Sue and 
Mindy helped Polly ready herself...and then all three females got naked 
and came into the other room. I was naked, too, and waiting for them to 
join me on the king-sized bed.
	There her mother and sister assisted as I laid the giggling 
little girl down on the bed and lovingly took her maidenhead. The four 
of us fucked and sucked and fingered each other all night long. Each 
evening this week since then, Polly and I have fucked at least once 
more.
	That week of home sex came to a climax today, Saturday. This 
afternoon I personally drove Polly to the mansion, helped strip off her 
clothes, and escorted her to her first meeting of the club. She'd been 
taking the preparation classes and h ad been an enthusiastic oral 
partner to the home orgies for quite some time. Today she was trembling 
with eagerness as we walked hand-in-hand, naked, across the grassy lawn 
to introduce her to the club for her first orgy.
	There I held her hand as she squatted over Allen's belly and 
accepted his cock...the first penis to enter her recently virgin vagina 
after mine. With her nude mother watching on one side and her naked 
sister squatting on the other, she fucked Allen with great delight and 
became a full-fledged member of the club.
	I can hardly wait for the next few years to pass. This is 
Mindy's last year with the juniors and then since I have a girl in both 
sections, I will be able to pick sex partners from both the 9-14 year 
old girls and the 15-18 year olds in the upper teen group. In two more 
years, the four of us will introduce little Suzy to the home orgies and 
allow her to have oral sex with us. Two years after that, I'll finally 
be able to deflower her, too...and complete the cycle by bringing her 
into our loving circle of friends. 

========================================================================
Windy City Freedom Fortress (NixPix Net HQ)    
                                     708 564 1754
D-V-8 Freedom Fortress   (Deviate from the Norm)
                                     615-475-7064
NixPix Person-to-Person (for live, on-line CHATterboxes)
                                     708-223-4802
NixPix Denver (Inheritors of the mantle of the Original Nick)
                                     303 375 1263

Remember -- fun and communication is what we're all about!
==========================================================================
