
These sexual interludes were stolen from Interlude II, an old Apple ][
program. Originally you filled out a questionnaire and based on your mood
the computer would choose three of the following interludes. These
interludes were taken pretty much directly from the Interlude II data file,
so a few of the interludes (e.g. number 47) were used as responses for
situations when the computer could not determine anything fun for you to
do. A few will also appear to be repeated. These are actually variations to
adjust the response for the sex of the user. The rest of these can clearly
be used without the program, so just pick and choose.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. Light My Fire! -- Stroke her embers, and then watch out!
Spend a lot of time warming up your lady to give her the best orgasm she
has ever had!  Kiss the back of her neck, her hairline, her ears. Kiss her
eyes, her throat, her lips. Spend several minutes just kissing each other.
Vary the kisses -- light ones, then deep passionate ones. Run your tongue
over her lips and teeth, suck her lower lip. Then move down to her breasts,
kissing, sucking, nibbling, caressing them. Roll one nipple in your fingers
and flick the other with your tongue, sucking it, then flicking it. Spend
several minutes here. Then move down her body to her stomach, kissing,
touching, caressing. Then move to her inner thighs. Run your tongue close
to her pussy, but avoid touching it directly for several minutes. Raise her
bottom up and run your tongue over her buttocks, along her crack. Go back
to her inner thighs and slowly approach her pussy. When she is moaning with
desire, massage her labia with your fingers gently. Now spread the labia to
expose her clit. Flick it with your tongue the way she likes best. When she
comes, which should be quickly and intensely after this kind of foreplay,
let her rest for several moments while you caress and kiss her inner
thighs. Then proceed to your own pleasure...

2. Leather Fingers -- Let your fingers to the talking
Before you make love, put on leather gloves. Then, when you're kissing your
lover, caress his face with your leather-covered fingers and let him inhale
the fragrance of the leather. The sexy scent will carry you both to new
heights of ecstasy.

3. Moonlight Becomes You -- You heartbreaker, you!
Walk with your lady on a moonlight night. The beach is the best, with waves
crashing on the sand, but a walk along a lake or in the park will do
nicely. Hold hands and talk about the future. Kiss her gently and tell her
how beautiful she looks in the moonlight. This is a time for tenderness and
gentle touches. When you get home, make gentle sweet love with her.

4. Peek-a-Boob -- Watch out for this one!
Wear a strapless top when you go out to dinner, or a blouse that buttons
down the front, with no bra. In the car on the way home casually pull down
your top or unbutton your blouse to expose one breast. When he notices (he
will!), smile sexily and start caressing your breast. Wet your fingers and
massage your nipple lightly, rolling it between two fingers. Say nothing,
just continue caressing your breast with one hand and the back of his neck
and ear with the other. When you get home, he'll take care of the rest.

5. Nightwatch -- Star light, star bright, first star I see tonight...
You'll need a clear summer night for this Interlude, preferably away from
city lights. Lie in a hammock or on a blanket outdoors and watch the stars.
Talk of the worlds beyond our world. Point out the constellations, if you
know them, and make wishes on shooting stars. Stay till dawn and watch the
sun come up, then sleep till noon.

6. Teddy Bear -- Wouldn't you like to have a little old-fashioned fun?
Your lady wants to play today, so take her to the best of playgrounds, an
amusement park!  Ride the roller coaster and tilt-a-whirl. Chase each other
in bumper cars and view the playground from the top of the ferris wheel.
Buy her cotton candy and popcorn and win a teddy bear for her at one of the
booths. You're teenagers again, holding hands and stealing kisses!

7. Jello Pudding -- Cool... refreshing... tasty!
Here is a refreshing Interlude for a hot summer day. First, turn off the
air conditioning in your house before your lover comes home. Then, an hour
or two before he is due, fill the bathtub with cold water. Dissolve two
dozen boxes of Jello (your favorite flavor or multi flavors) in warm water,
then add to the bathtub. Add a bag of ice to thicken the mixture. Then
wait. When he arrives, tell him you have prepared a surprise for him and
ask him to shower with you in another bathroom (if possible). Now, lead him
to the bathtub of jello. Climb in with him for a savory, slippery
sensation. Afterwards, lick each other dry!

8. The Heart of Pleasure -- Disembodied pleasure...
Have your lover get undressed and lie on the bed. Turn off all the lights
so that the bedroom is as dark as possible. Slowly run your fingers and
tongue over his body, finally concentrating on his penis. Give it all your
attention, bringing him almost to orgasm and then retreating, then
repeating this again and again. When your think he can stand it no longer,
let him come in your mouth.

9. The Skater's Waltz -- Round and round you go, and where you stop...?
How long has it been since you've been roller (or ice) skating?  Rent
roller skates in the park, if your city has this, or go to a roller (or
ice) rink, and skate for hours. You may find that "The Skater's Waltz" has
been replaced by disco music, but get into the rhythm and enjoy it. (Watch
out for the little kids whizzing by!)

10. A Touch of Class -- Everyone needs a little!
Your lady needs a little romance in her life, so give it to her with a
touch of class. Take her to a restaurant which has strolling violinists, if
possible, and arrange for them to play "your" song at your table. If
violinists aren't available, try for a restaurant with a band or a pianist
and arrange for them to play your favorite tunes. Dance with her and tell
her how much you love her. Continue the romantic mood of the evening when
you get home with slow, sweet lovemaking.

11. Pillow Talk -- Pillows are for more than sleeping!
Remember pillow fights when you were a kid?  Start one with your lover
(goose down pillows are the best!) Heave a pillow at him when he comes out
of the bathroom ready for bed. He'll throw it back, of course, but it
becomes a pillow fight only when you both let go and start slugging it out
with pillows. With children, pillow fights end up with admonitions from a
parent. With adults, pillow fights can end up in uninhibited lovemaking!
You are an adult, aren't you?

12. The Way We Were -- Try to remember...
What did you do, where did you go, on your first date?  Recreate that
memorable experience for a wondrous Interlude. If possible, wear the same
clothes, do the same things. Afterwards, talk about what each of you felt
on that first date. His impressions of her, her impressions of him, whether
you were nervous, whether you realized at that time the significance of the
event. You may remember things you had forgotten, and it's a delightful way
to rekindle the spark of early passions.

13. Hi, Ho Silver, AWAY! -- Who was that masked man?
Buy a Lone Ranger mask from a costume shop and dress up like a cowboy. Then
seduce your lady while she is reading or watching TV. Whatever you do,
don't take off your mask.

14. Jewel of the Nile -- Rings on her fingers, bells on her toes!
While your lover takes a shower, dress up in all your jewelry -- rings on
every finger, bracelets, ropes of beads or chains around your neck,
breasts, waist, legs and nothing else. Now, light lots of candles and lie
in the middle of the bed and wait for him.

15. Sunday in the Park -- A special kind of intimacy
Pack a picnic lunch and blanket and bicycle to a park. Take a portable tape
player and your favorite tapes. After the picnic, lie back and talk. Really
talk!  You may find that kind of intimacy leads to a greater intimacy
during your lovemaking at home.

16. Cucumber Relish -- and you thought cucumbers were just for salads!
Ask your lady to take a warm bath and then wait for you on the sofa. Have a
drink ready for her when she emerges from her bath. Tell her to lie quietly
and fantasize while you prepare dinner. After a few minutes go into her and
blindfold her. Lift her knees to her head so that her pussy is accessible.
Ask her to hold her legs in this position. Now, take a large cucumber which
you've peeled and indented with ridges and warmed slightly in the oven.
Insert it slowly in her pussy. Then, slowly, remove it to its tip and begin
thrusting it gently while your own cock lies against her thighs. Tell her
to fantasize about two men making love to her. Continue to stroke her with
the cucumber, timing your strokes with her mounting passion.

17. Showtime! -- This is a real showstopper!
Release the performer in you and put on a show for your lover. Buy several
vibrators and dildos. Make a stage out of your bed by focusing several
lights on it, and give your lover a comfortable front-row seat in the
shadows. Arrange your "tools" on the bed and put on some sexy music. Now
start by stripping slowly and moving to the music on the bed. Insert one of
the vibrators in your pussy and stroke it slowly as you hold another one on
your clitoris. Let him hear your pleasure as you rise toward a soaring
climax. Don't stop now. Dip a dildo in a bowl of honey or whipped cream,
and then lick and suck it while you hold another vibrator deep inside you.
Get on your knees with your bottom toward your "audience". With one
vibrator still inside you, take another one and caress your nipples, then
your clit. Continue with as many variations and orgasms as your imagination
and strength allow.

18. Three's Company -- She won't believe her eyes!
If you're not the jealous type, hire a male stripper to dance for your lady
in private (with you there, of course!). Plan a dinner at home and arrange
for the dancer to act as the waiter for dinner. Ask him to dress in a
tuxedo and, at the end of dinner, to strip and dance to provocative music.
Photograph or Videotape the event for future enjoyment. How far he strips,
and how long he stays, is up to you.

19. Couch Dancing -- He'll be shocked... but thrilled.
If you're not the jealous type, hire a female stripper to dance for your
lover in private (with you there, of course!). Plan a dinner at home and
arrange for the dancer to arrive just after dinner. Have your lover sit on
the sofa while she dances sensuously for him. Photograph or videotape the
dance for future enjoyment. How far she strips and how long she stays is up
to you!

20. Boardwalk -- an old game with a new twist.
Play a favorite childhood game with an adult twist. Play Monopoly by the
original rules until all the properties are purchased, but limit each
player to three hotels to  be built on his or her chosen properties. Now,
when you land on a hotel of your opponent you must pay the amount owed in
monopoly money, as well as pay with your body. The person landing on the
property decides how to pay with his or her body, with the objective being
to make the other person come as quickly as possible. If the person being
paid comes, he or she loses the game; if the person being paid wishes to
hold out, he or she can tell the other to stop, and the game goes on...
until one or the other comes. The question is, do you want to win the game
-- or do you want an  orgasm?  Post-game play can take any form you wish!

21. A Taste of Honey -- From her Honey-pot
When you are making love with your lady, let her smell -- then taste -- her
own love juices. When she is really hot, dip your finger in her pussy, then
lift it to her nose while you are kissing her. Between kisses, lick your
finger, then put your finger into her mouth, slowly. Repeat this several
times, then enter her for a roaring climax.

22. American Graffiti -- We now pause for an important message.
Leave your lover a message on his bathroom mirror after a lovely night of
lovemaking, inviting him to your next Interlude, e.g., "I'm still throbbing
with pleasure. Meet me in the Jacuzzi at seven. I'll bring the bubbly."
Then, follow through! P.S. If you don't have a Jacuzzi, a swimming pool or
lawn chair in the back yard will do nicely!

23. Come fly with me -- Welcome to the Mile-High Club.
Yes, you can join the mile-high club without being arrested for indecency!
On your next flight, arrange to meet in the lavatory. Choose your time
carefully so you won't be observed entering an "occupied" lavatory. Once
inside, he can sit on the closed toilet seat while she lifts her skirt and
sits on his cock with her back to him. (She's prepared for this by removing
her panties earlier.)  Or try it standing up. Despite the small enclosure,
there's still enough room for a memorable experience!

24. Slippin' and Slidin' -- Peepin' and Hidin'!
Spread large towels on your bed. Take a bottle of body oil and lavish oil
over your lady's body till it glistens. Don't miss an inch, as you move
your slippery hands over her body, front and back. Then lie on top of her
and move your body across her glistening skin. By the time you finish
you'll both be covered with love oil.

25. Tongue Teaser -- Lily Lozenge Licked a lot of Lovely Lovers!
After a relaxing shower or bath, give your lover a tongue bath. Start at
his neck and ears and work your way down his back, licking him slowly and
caressing him with your fingertips. Spread his buttocks and slowly lick
your way to his anus. Tease him a bit by circling his secret spot slowly.
Then when he is moaning with pleasure, lick his anus directly with slow,
slightly pulsating motions. It's clean and fresh, and you'll give him new
erotic sensations. Now, turn him over and see the hard proof of your
efforts. Climb on and enjoy!

26. Up, Up, an Away! -- Above the maddening crowds.
Arrange for a hot air balloon ride with your lady (Hot air balloons may be
rented in most major cities for 100 dollars or less for an hour's ride).
Pack a picnic of finger foods and wine or champagne. Feed each other as you
soar above the countryside. Kiss and touch to your heart's content, but
save the grand finale until you land. Too much motion might upset the
balloon basket... not to mention the balloon pilot!

27. Romancing the Stone -- Chocolates and Diamonds
Romance is the spice of life. Choose this Interlude when you're giving your
lady a very special present, such as diamond jewelry. Arrange a candle lit
dinner at home or at a very intimate restaurant. Present her with a box of
chocolate truffles in which you've placed the jewelry in lieu of one of the
chocolates. Watch her joy when she opens the box.

28. Rest Stop -- Without the Rest
On your next auto trip, wear some easily removable clothes. After dark, ask
your lover to pull over at a roadside park. Then undress in the car while
he remains dressed. Caress yourself while he watches, and bring yourself to
a climax. Then unzip his pants and perform fellatio. Continue on your trip!

29. The Pleasure Tapes -- No 18 Minute gaps here!
If you have a video tape recorder, rent a video camera and make a videotape
of yourselves while you are making love (maybe during one of the more
exotic Interludes). Afterwards, watch your home movie... and get ready to
go again!

30. Flower power -- Say it with flowers!
While your lady's away, fill her bedroom with flowers. Order several dozens
of bouquets of all kinds from a florist, if you can afford it, or buy the
flowers and arrange the vases yourself. When she comes home, be in the
bedroom, lying naked on the bed with a rose in your teeth. She'll take it
from there.

31. Thriller -- This is something he'll never forget!
If you have a video tape recorder, rent a video camera to create a surprise
Interlude or your lover. Videotape yourself doing a striptease and
masturbating. (Set the camera on a tripod to focus on your setting). Give
the videotape to him giftwrapped. Then have him watch it alone while you
wait for him in bed...

32. Love Sounds -- Music to your ears!
Make an audio tape recording of your lovemaking. If you're inclined to
silence, try to be noisy. Express audibly all the pleasure you feel. Talk,
moan, groan, scream. Then, when you're in the mood for a special treat,
play the recording while you make love.

33. Inner Sanctum -- The thighs have it!
The next time you make love to your lady, spend some time on her inner
thighs... you can tease her to great heights this way. Kiss, lick and
nibble each of her inner thighs, approaching but not touching her pubic
area. Move in closer, kissing and tonguing the entire area, yet still
avoiding her vagina and clitoris. Caress her inner thighs lightly.
Intersperse the kissing and tonguing with gentle bites. Finally, turn your
full attention to the center of her sex and bring her to a climax.

34. Hair -- A sensuous experience
Brushing your lady's hair can be a sensuous experience for both of you.
Have her sit comfortably at your feet, her back to you. Start by massaging
her scalp with your fingertips. Then brush her hair with 100 slow, gentle
strokes. When you have finished, massage her temples with a firm circular
motion, then move around her hairline to the base of her shoulders to give
her a firm shoulder massage. Kiss the back of her neck at her hairline. Let
your kisses and her responses guide you through the rest of this interlude.

35. Double your Pleasure -- Double your Fun!
The next time you make love, try this to double your pleasure. When your
lover enters you, turn on your vibrator and place it on your clitoris so
that he can also feel its vibrations. Come together this way.

36. Who's the Boss? -- She calls the shots!
Create your own interlude!  Give your mate the instructions and tell him
the computer gave them to you.

37. A Gift of Love -- The Pleasure is in the giving!
Your lady is tired tonight. Express your love by holding -- just holding --
her in your arms as you both drift off to sleep. When morning comes, wake
her with light kisses and early morning cuddling. Kiss her face, neck, and
breasts. Make your way slowly down her body and bring her to full awakening
with cunnilingus. Take nothing for yourself, even if she offers to
reciprocate. This is a gift to her. While she is lying in the afterglow of
your love, serve her favorite morning beverage in bed.

38. The Chase -- Adventure and fantasy!
Remember how it was when you were unattached and saw an interesting face
across the bar?  You can recreate that experience with your own lover and
recapture all the excitement and adventure of the chase! Arrange to meet at
a singles' bar, preferably one where you will not run into people you know.
Arrive separately. Sit across the bar from each other. Pretend you don't
know each other, but flirt with each other across the bar. One of you
should ask the other to dance, but don't drop your charade even when alone
on the dance floor. Try to get acquainted with this "new" person. Proceed
at a pace you consider appropriate. Be outrageous, if you wish -- part of
the fun is fooling the people around you!  When it is time to leave, walk
out arms entwined... with the anticipation of what the evening has in
store!

39. Slow-Dancing! -- Do ya wanna dance?
Take your lady dancin' tonight... at home. Put some slow, sexy dance music
on the stereo, and ask her to dance with you. As you dance, kiss and touch
her. Let her feel your growing desire. Slowly strip off her clothes, piece
by piece, and let her do the same to you. Continue dancing in the nude.
When you're ready, enter her and continue dancing. (Pick her up and let her
wrap both legs around your back, or bend her over and enter her from
behind, matching your movements to the music.)

40. Look, Don't Touch! -- The eyes have it!
She may not be interested in active sex tonight, but watching is another
matter. Ask her to undress and wait for you in bed. Then, undress and sit
in a chair near the bed or on the corner of the bed. Arouse yourself by
fantasizing or looking at erotic photos. Pretend you are alone as you
stroke yourself to a climax.

41. The Sound of Music -- A whop-bob-a-loo-mop-alop-bam-boom!
Dress in loose robes and select your favorite music for the stereo. Begin
with champagne and kisses. As your passion grows, put on headphones (both
of you) and continue kissing -- just kissing -- and sipping champagne.
Slowly expand your activities to touching, caressing, and exploring each
other's bodies. Spend up to an hour kissing and touching as the music
heightens your desires. Make love to the sound of music. (You should
probably remove the headphones first!)

42. Rembrandt's Delight -- Release the artist in you!
One of the best ways to explore your lover's body is to touch every inch,
every crease, every crevice. What better way than body painting? Buy a box
of Body Paints for Lovers. Spread a sheet on the floor, strip off your
clothes and start painting your live canvas. Let your creativity soar as
you paint each other head to toe, front and back. Afterwards, admire your
handiwork. Then make love and shower together -- or shower together and
then make love. Whichever turns you on.

43. Let it be -- No performances necessary.
Your man doesn't feel like making love tonight. Show him he doesn't have to
perform to please you. When he is in bed, give him a shoulder and back
massage. Run your tongue lightly up and down his spine. Tell him you care.
Alternate brushing his back with your fingertips and lips. Then go to sleep
curled around his back. Let body warmth be enough.

44. Bottoms up! -- Cheers!
Give your lady a new sensation. When you're ready for intercourse, grasp
her ankles in each hand and raise her knees as close to her head as they
can comfortably go. (Be careful not to hurt her!)  Take her in this
position.

45. Foot Fetish -- A gift of Love.
When your lady is especially tired and tense, treat her to a foot massage.
Prepare her favorite drink and tell her to remove her shoes and relax.
Prepare a large basin of hot water. Add fragrant bath salts and place her
feet in the basin to soak for a few minutes. Get a towel, floor pillow, bar
of soap, and body lotion. Seat yourself on the floor pillow at her feet,
and wash each foot slowly, lovingly, massaging it gently. Dry her feet and
put the basin of water aside. Now take one of her feet in your lap and rub
the lotion into it. Massage the instep and sole of the foot deeply. Take
her ankle in both your hands and massage it in small, circular motions.
Attend to each toe individually. Kiss each foot as you finish and/or suck
her toes! Repeat this procedure with the other foot. When you have
finished, let your lady take the lead. She may be relaxed enough to fall
asleep -- or aroused enough to take on a different kind of Interlude.

46. To each his own -- You show me yours, I'll show you mine!
Try something a little different tonight when you make love. When you are
ready to climax, move away from your lover and prop yourselves against
pillows opposite each other. Begin to masturbate while watching each other.
Talk or communicate with sounds just as you would during intercourse. Try
to time it so that you climax together.

47. Strike 3 -- No Hits, No Runs, No Errors
Sorry, you struck out!  Take a cold shower and try again tomorrow night.

48. You Made Me Love You -- She didn't wanna do it! She didn't wanna do it!
Although she seems hardly interested, your lady really wants to be seduced
-- to be kissed, teased, aroused, and finally, taken. Start your seduction
with music. Put something sexy on the stereo, maybe some blues or jazz.
Then begin to touch her hair, ears, neck, shoulders, wherever she happens
to be, whatever she happens to be doing. If she doesn't respond at first,
make your actions speak a little louder. Kiss her nipples through her
shirt, or lift or unbutton it to kiss them directly. Run your hand up her
leg to her panties, and run your fingertip just inside the panty leg. By
now, you should have her complete attention. Carry on!

49. Hooky Nookie -- You never played Hooky like this as a kid!
Play hooky today... stay home from work, lock the doors, unplug the phone,
and lose yourself to each other. Start the day with a shower for two and
breakfast in the nude... and go from there. There's no reason to hurry --
you have all day. Now is your chance to say and do the things you always
put off because you were tired or in a hurry. This is a day to laugh and
play with each other -- a day for pillow fights and wrestling matches and
making love in every room in the house. Don't let anything divert your
attention from loving and playing with each other. Take a nap together,
relax by the pool, but always with the thought of the next loving
encounter. Take pleasure in each other on this slightly wicked, carefree
day of fun.

50. Rock with me baby! -- Rock'n Roll is here to stay!
You'll need a rocking chair for this Interlude, preferably one without
arms. Sit on the chair and let your lady straddle you face to face, with
you inside her. Let the rocking of the chair carry you to erotic heights.

51. Double Intendre -- Say What?
Make love your favorite way. Just before orgasm insert a moist finger into
your lover's anus.

52. Reflections -- Mirror Mirror, on the wall.
Mirrors expand and enhance the action that goes on in your bed. They can
satisfy both your exhibitionist and voyeuristic desires since you are
performer and viewer at once. Ideally, you would be surrounded with mirrors
-- on two walls and the ceiling -- but a full-length portable mirror and a
hand mirror will do. Place the full-length mirror on the bed against the
wall so that you can see yourself lying on the bed. Place the hand mirror
within reach. During intercourse watch yourselves in the mirror. Try
different positions. She may wish to hold the hand mirror near the
genitalia to watch her lover's movements in her. Remember, you are both
star and audience!

53. Water Babies -- Splish Splash!
Skinny dipping is easiest if you have your own swimming pool, but late
night cloaks even an apartment pool in privacy! So, if it's summertime,
take a moonlight swim in the nude. (If it's not summer, select another
Interlude!) Relish the air of the forbidden. Enjoy the feel of your lover's
body under water. If it is private, make love on a blanket under the stars
without drying off. If there's less privacy, do it in the pool or return to
your bedroom for the final act.

54. Overtime -- A real shocker... if you're caught!
Invite your lady to meet you at your office one night when you are working
late. When she arrives, lock the door if you have a private office; if not,
make sure everyone, including the cleaning people, are gone. (The later the
hour, the better, for this Interlude!)  Greet your lady with a long, deep
kiss to set the mood,  then expand your kisses to her neck, ears, and hair.
Unbutton her blouse and bra. Ignore her protests. Kiss her breasts and
nipples until she is fully aroused. (Stay as fully clothed as possible as
you may have to make a quick recovery!) Bend her over the desk so that her
elbows are resting on the desktop. Kneel behind her; lift her skirt and
ease her panties to her ankles. Touch her with your tongue and fingers
until she is ready for you. Then unzip your pants and enter her from
behind. The danger of discovery only increases the thrill. Afterwards, take
her out to dinner and talk about the experience. It might inspire you to
another Interlude when you get home!

55. The Wrestling Match -- And the winner is...
Spread a large mat or sheet on the floor. Strip to your bikini underwear
and rub each other with body oil or suntan oil. Now, wrestle! Instructions
to him: Don't overpower your lady so that there is no contest. The fun is
in the wrestling itself. When you're both highly aroused, you can use your
strength to "finish" the match. Instructions to her: Use all your
strength... you just might win!

56. Love on the Rocks -- What a twist of fun!
Sit on the floor at your lover's feet and perform fellatio. Occasionally,
take a sip of an iced drink and hold it in your mouth for a few seconds.
Swallow it and quickly take him into your chilled mouth. Continue as long
as he likes it.

57. Oh Baby Mine -- He wants to beg tonight!
He wants to be babied tonight. He wants to be smothered with your attention
without having to reciprocate. That's okay -- your turn will come! Light a
fire in the fireplace or light several candles, and turn out the lights.
Spread a blanket on the floor. Undress your lover. Now undress yourself
slowly by the light of the fire while he watches. Run your fingers lightly
over his body from head to toe, then perform fellatio until he is fully
erect. Bring him to orgasm any way you like and go to sleep in each other's
arms in front of the fireplace.

58. Swing-a-long -- It's swingsational!
If it's summer, proceed with this Interlude... if it's not, return to the
computer for a warmer Interlude. Making love in a swing can give your lady
unexpected and very pleasurable sensations. Your job is to find a swing
with some degree of privacy. A porch swing will do, but the best kind is
the single board on chains, such as you find on a playground. (Maybe you
could attach one to a tree in your back yard?) Sit in the swing and have
your lady straddle you face to face, with you in her. (Whether you do this
partially clothed or totally nude depends on the location of the swing and
your discretion!)  Begin to swing,  pumping with your feet, until you reach
as high as you can go. You may or may not be able to reach orgasm this way,
but chances are, she will!

59. The Magic Touch -- Guess who's got it?
Light a fire in the fireplace or light several candles, and turn out the
lights. Warm some scented body oil and spread a blanket on the floor. Now,
undress your lady and yourself, and have her lie on her stomach on the
blanket. You are going to give her a sensuous massage. Start at her neck
and scalp, massaging lightly with your fingertips. Using the scented oil,
massage each arm with gentle kneading, then long firm strokes. Massage each
hand and finger, then her shoulders, back, and buttocks, with firm
kneading. Linger with a gentle touch on the curve of her buttocks and inner
thighs, then massage each leg and foot. Pay special attention to her feet!
Turn her over and give her face a light fingertip massage. Continue down
her neck to her breasts. Linger at the nipples, rolling them lightly
between your fingertips. Continue to her stomach and pubic area, lightly
stroking the vulva. Then massage each leg and foot again. Now run your
fingertips very lightly over her entire body, and return to the pubic area.
You can give all your attention now to teasing and arousing her. Give her
as many orgasms as she wants, with your hand or tongue. Then take her
however you wish.

60. Musk Magic -- The Fragrance of Love
The next time you go to a party, dab some of your own perfume -- your love
juices -- behind each ear. Then dance with your lover or kiss him and let
him sniff the secret behind your ears. The musky fragrance will probably
cause an early exit as he rushes you home to bed. (Caution: Avoid other men
at the party or you may start a stampede!)

61. Win some, Lose some -- You can't please all the people, all the time!
Well, you can't win 'em all. Curl up with a good book and try again
tomorrow night.

62. From here to Ecstasy -- Relax and enjoy.
Tonight you will tease your man to the edge of ecstasy and beyond... The
only way to accomplish this is to bind him securely. Have him undress and
lie on the bed. Using velvet ropes, tie his ankles together and tie his
wrists behind his back. Blindfold him. Now strip to your panties and kneel
astride him. Give him your scent, your signature, by pressing your
underarms, your breasts, your covered pussy against his face. Now strip off
your panties and begin the warm-up. Brush your lips over his penis lightly,
then take it fully in your mouth to make it hard. During the initial stage
you should keep both his mouth and his penis occupied simultaneously:
Start with one hand stroking his penis and one hand, flavored with the
scent of your sex, over his mouth; alternate with one hand on his penis and
your pussy on his mouth. For the grand finale, straddle his chest and begin
mouth-work on his penis with slow strokes, about one per second. After
several seconds, switch to ten or so very quick strokes, then resume the
slow rhythm. Continue to alternate this pattern. If he nears ejaculation,
drop the tempo. Keep this up as long as he can stand it. Then bring him to
climax with your mouth or hand, or turn and ride him. After his orgasm,
untie him quickly so that you can rest in each other's arms.

63. Remote Control -- Reach out and touch someone.
The next time you are out of town, call your lady near bedtime. Ask her if
she is undressed and ready for bed. If not, ask her to undress and bring
her vibrator to bed with her. Tell her you want to make love. Ask her to
touch herself while you're talking. Ask her to tell you exactly what she is
doing and how it feels. Tell her specific things you would like her to do.
Encourage her with love talk. Ask her to turn on the vibrator and use it
for her pleasure. Increase your own stroking as she nears a climax. Share
your love sounds as you come together miles apart.

64. Licks, Nibbles, and Bytes -- A nipple nibble!
Your lady's nipples may be her most erogenous zone, so begin here. Suck,
nibble, or tongue one nipple while you roll the other between two moistened
fingers. Gently massage the entire breast -- vary the pressure to her
liking. Return to the nipples, going from one to the other. Use as much
pressure and/or teeth as she wishes. Maybe she would like to climax this
way?  If not, continue down her body and perform cunnilingus until she
comes again and again, while you keep one or both hands active on her
nipples and breasts.

65. Fantasy Island -- Your dreams come true!
Sharing fantasies can be a way to deeper intimacy. Tonight, share your
favorite sexual fantasy with your lover. Act it out if possible, or let it
stimulate greater creativity in your lovemaking.

66. Appointment for Love -- You'll wanna be on time for this appointment!
When you know your lady is at home, call her on the phone and tell her you
are coming home early. Suggest that she take a leisurely bath and wait for
you in bed. Tell her exactly what you plan to do to her when you arrive.
Now, hurry home!

67. Feelings -- A book of Revelations
Create a love diary for your lady. Buy a notebook or one of those bound
books with blank pages. Then for a week, a month, or longer, write in it
all your erotic thoughts about her, your fantasies, your feelings about an
experience you've shared. This is the place to reveal the things about her
that really turn you on, the things you'd like to do or say but cannot
bring yourself to voice. Write in the book daily or as often as possible.
Don't worry about style or grammar or spelling... just be honest. Give the
book to her for a special gift.

68. Whatever Lola Wants -- Lola gets!
Your man wants a lady in the parlor, a slut in the bedroom. He knows you're
the former -- show him you can be the latter as well. Dress up in dark
stockings, garter belt, and high heels. Put on a sexy, lacy, barely-there
bra. Then demand that he make love to you -- on your terms. Tell him what
you want him to do, where you want him to touch or kiss you. Make him
respond to your every need. Sweep away all your inhibitions... and he'll
sweep away his.

69. Inchworm -- On your way to where?
Lie on the floor on your sides facing each other, with your heads together
and your feet pointing in opposite directions. Begin by kissing each
other's lips in this position. Then ease your way down each other's bodies,
each going in opposite directions, arriving at the nipples simultaneously.
Go slowly; let the passion and tension build. Continue on to the navel, the
stomach, then on to your goal -- your lover's genitals. Crook one leg so
that your lover's head can rest on your thigh. Devote your full attention
to this area in its infinite variations. Climax together or separately, at
your own, leisurely pace.

70. The Drive-in Show -- Back seat Bingo!
How long has it been since you've necked in the back seat of a car at a
drive-in movie?  Take a leap back in time tonight and recapture that
deliciously forbidden feeling you had as a teenager. Take a six-pack (or
your favorite wine) and popcorn or snacks, and head for your nearest
drive-in movie. Who cares what's playing?  You and your love will provide
the main attraction in the back seat!  How "far" should you go?  How far
did you go as a teen?

71. A Hole-in-One -- Par for the course!
Your lover has indicated a special erogenous zone. Attend to it in a
special way during this Interlude. Before you start, get out your vibrator,
preferably a small battery-operated one. Spread vaseline over its tip.
During fellatio or intercourse, turn on the vibrator and very gently insert
the tip in his anus. The sensation, it is said, can be incredible!

72. Show me -- a hands on demonstration.
Did you ever wonder if you're touching your mate exactly the way he or she
likes?  No one can do it better than you can yourself, so give your lover a
close-up of how you like it. For this hands-on demonstration, lie in a
sixty-nine position with each partner's leg bent to make a "pillow" for the
other's head. Perform fellatio and cunnilingus until you're both near
climax. Then switch to masturbation for the climax. Because of your
position, he can watch exactly where and how she touches herself, and she
can see the rhythm and pace at which he strokes himself.

73. Peeping Tom -- For his eyes only.
There's a little voyeur in most men, so give full rein to your lover's
voyeuristic fantasies!  Send him outside to the patio or balcony. Tell him
to make himself comfortable while you prepare a surprise. Let him wait a
few minutes to build up his anticipation, then stand in front of the window
where he can see you and begin to undress slowly and seductively. Don't be
self-conscious; pretend you are an actress playing a sexy role!  Put on
your sexiest lingerie and recline in a chair in front of the window. Caress
your nipples, breasts, inner thighs. Go slowly so that he will have time to
enjoy your performance. Touch yourself in your favorite place, first with
your fingers, then with your vibrator if you wish. When you are ready, give
yourself over completely to orgasm. He will soon be in to claim you.

74. Macho Man -- Take her, she's yours!
One of the most common female fantasies is rape -- being taken by force
against her will. She doesn't really want to be raped, of course; she just
wants the feeling of helpless submission occasionally. Give your lady a
safe fulfillment of this fantasy by holding her down forcefully during
intercourse. Grasp her wrists and pin her hands over her head. Try to hold
her motionless as she struggles. Take her now... she is yours.

75. Just desserts -- an after-dinner mint!
Suggest to your lover that you go out to dinner. Wear a dress and no
panties or pantyhose. During dinner tell him you aren't wearing any panties
and watch his interest rise. If you can do so discretely, slip your hand
under your dress and stroke yourself during dinner from time to time. Let
him know what you are doing. On the way home in the car, guide his hand up
your dress and let him feel your wetness. Unzip his pants and stroke his
cock all the way home. When you get inside the house, kneel on the floor in
front of him and take him in your mouth. Bring him to orgasm right then and
there!

76. Kama Sutra -- Enie Meenie Miney Moe!
This is the night for experimentation. Get a copy of the Kama Sutra and
look through it together. Choose different positions you'd like to try. Try
them. Many of those shown have little to offer except novelty, but you may
find some you really like. Add those to your repertoire for future
lovemaking.

77. The Hungry Eye -- Needs an occasional feast!
Your lover likes to watch you without your knowing it. Tonight let him
watch you perform your after-bath ritual... as if you didn't know he was
watching. Ask him to wait for you in the bedroom while you bathe, making
sure that he is seated or lying in view of the bathroom door. After your
bath perform  your after-bath ritual with the door open, as seductively as
possible, knowing that each movement charms and entices him. As you dry
yourself, stretch and bend to rub every inch of your body. Be sure that you
are within sight of your lover, but pretend not to see him, to heighten the
voyeuristic aspect. Rub body lotion sensuously over your body, caressing
your breasts, stomach, buttocks, and legs as he watches. Now slip into
something silky and sexy and begin to brush your hair with long, slow
strokes, with your head back and your eyes closed. As you near 100 strokes
begin to count out loud, increasing your rhythm slightly. If your lover has
not approached you by the 100th stroke, go to him and show him how sexy you
feel!

78. Pleasure Chest -- A rare treat for a rare fetish!
Your lover's nipples may be more sensitive than your own. If they are, this
Interlude will delight him. Wet one nipple with your tongue, then flick it
with your finger tip while you lick and flick the other nipple with your
tongue. If his nipples are sensitive he will quickly get an erection. When
he does, you will have three areas to work: each nipple and his penis. Vary
your action. For example, suck him while you are flicking each nipple with
a moistened fingertip; then stroke him with one hand while your tongue and
the other hand massages and teases his nipples. Give him a climax this way.

79. Wasn't that a Party? -- How to turn a dull party into a memorable affair!
The next time you're at a big, dull party, grab a quickie with your lady in
your host's bathroom or secluded patio. Whisper to her to take off her
panties and meet you at the appointed spot. If it's a bathroom, lock the
door and seat her on the countertop -- she can wrap her legs around you
while you take her standing up. If it's a patio, find a ledge or lie on a
lounge chair and let her straddle you. Wherever the encounter, remember..
no noise!

80. Good Vibrations -- F.f.f.fan T.t.t.astic!
If your lover has never experienced a vibrator, he is in for a very
pleasant surprise. Show him how it feels by moving it across his shoulders
and chest. Run it over the insides of his thighs. Gently glide it along the
shaft of his penis. Give him the vibrator to caress your genital area and
thighs. Guide him in its use for your greatest pleasure. Let him bring you
to orgasm with it... then return the favor.

81. Bad Girl -- Shame on You!
During foreplay, turn your lady on her stomach and kiss her shoulders and
back. Slap her sharply on her buttocks with the flat palm of your hand. It
should sting a bit, but not really hurt. Do this repeatedly, taking care to
intersperse the spanking with kisses and caresses on her buttocks. During
intercourse, take her from behind and slap her buttocks again as she nears
a climax. This can be very pleasurable for many women, but be sure not to
cross the border into pain.

82. Black Magic -- you're under her spell!
Be a seductress tonight. . .in garterbelt, stockings, and high-heeled
shoes! Add a black lace bra and forget the panties. You won't need them.
Move around the room for your lover to excite him visually. Touch yourself
and offer him the scent of your love juices. While he is sitting on a sofa,
kneel over his face to "kiss" him with your vulva. Now slowly undress him
and perform fellatio while he nibbles and kisses your buttocks. Mount and
ride him so that he can watch you in your sexy garments. Lift your breasts
out of the bra and offer them to his lips. Move through different
positions, taking your time on each so that you both can savor its
fullness. Let the passion build slowly to the point of no return.

83. Afternoon Delight -- Happy Hour Special!
Have a hard day?  Forget the drink. Drink deeply of your love instead. Ease
away each other's tensions with kisses and caresses. Undress each other
leisurely. It's early -- no need to rush. Enjoy your lover fully right
where you are.

84. Candlelight Sanata -- Beethoven would have loved this one!
Give your lovemaking a romantic glow tonight. While your lover is getting
ready for bed, light one or more candles and turn out the bedroom lights.
The romantic glow of candlelight will set the mood for a lovely Interlude.

85. Take Five -- The Tension easer.
Take a quick tension break -- five minutes from start to finish. It's a
basic way to say "I always have time for your love."

86. Chains of Love -- This will tickle her fancy!
Tonight you will transport your lady to new heights. So that you will be in
complete control of her responses, you must bind her... with satin chains.
Undress her and use satin ribbons to tie her wrists and ankles to the
bedposts or frame. She should be in a spread-eagled position. Begin by
kissing and tonguing her from head to toe. Linger for a while at each
nipple. Caress her entire body, front and back, with a peacock or ostrich
feather. Perform cunnilingus, flicking her clitoris lightly with your
tongue while you brush her breasts with the feather. When she nears orgasm,
move away from the center of her excitement to keep her hanging on the
edge. Vary your activities among kissing, tonguing, and brushing with the
feather. Don't give her an orgasm for at least an hour -- then give her
several orally. After each one,kiss and caress her body as you build to the
next one. Finally, untie her legs and take her as you wish. Afterwards,
untie her wrists and hold her in your arms.

87. Sunday Brunch -- Guess who's coming for breakfast?
Make this morning very special for him... serve your lover breakfast in
bed. Let him sleep while you prepare breakfast; then wake him with a kiss
and champagne. When he finishes breakfast, offer yourself as dessert.

88. The Nooner -- A nooner to end all nooners!
Serve him a topless lunch. Call him at work and ask him to meet you at home
for lunch. Light candles and close drapes to make the dining area as dark
and sexy as possible. Fix a simple lunch. When he arrives, greet him clad
only in panties. Seat him at the table set with your best linen and china.
Serve him lunch. While he eats, put on music. Climb onto a table and dance
for him. After lunch...

89. Bon 'Apetit -- Undress for dinner, please.
Anyone who has seen the movie Tom Jones knows how sexy food can be. But you
can carry it one step further with an indoor picnic! Prepare a picnic of
cold finger foods (boiled shrimp, fried chicken, asparagus, cheese, fruit,
etc.) and your favorite beverage. Spread a blanket on the floor and arrange
the food on the blanket. Undress for dinner. As you eat, keep conversation
to a minimum. Let you eyes do the talking. Caress your food with your lips
and tongue, as if it were your lover. Afterwards, race each other to the
bedroom.

90. Word Power -- It pays to increase yours!
Your man would like to watch you masturbate, so make it extra erotic for
him. Put on a loose silky robe and get the sexiest books you have (Delta of
Venus, for example, or a  Forum magazine). Sit in a soft armchair opposite
him. Read aloud the erotic passages from the book or magazine. As you read,
part your robe to reveal your legs and pubic area. Throw one leg across the
arm of the chair and touch yourself as the words of the book arouse you.
Pretend that you are alone, or that a stranger is watching you from across
the way. Set your own pace, but let the words arouse your excitement.
Remember that your voice and your actions are equally exciting to him! When
you are sufficiently aroused, give yourself over completely to orgasm. Then
take care of him.

91. Let Me Entertain You -- Let me make you mine.
Approach your lover while he is reading or watching TV. Touch the inside of
his ear lightly, outlining it with your finger. Now trace the outline with
your tongue and flick it gently just above the earlobe. Let your finger
return to trace that ear while your tongue moves to his other ear. Now you
have his full attention! Softly kiss his eyelids, his cheeks,then his lips
while you caress his neck and shoulders. Now step away from him and entice
him with a slow, sensuous strip tease. No fast or fancy movements... just
remove each garment slowly and caress your body as you bare it for him. Do
it to music if you like. Once you are naked, spend a minute or two touching
yourself in your special places. Go to him now and begin to remove his
clothes. Caress his body with your fingers or lips as you remove each piece
of clothing. Enjoy each other fully, sensuously, without haste.

92. Midnight Romeo -- Auto suggestion helps here!
One of the greatest turn-ons to many women is the thought of creating
uncontrollable desire in their man. The next time you wake up in the middle
of the night with an erection, enter her without any preliminaries. (You
may need a lubricant as she will not have had a chance to create her own.)
As you begin to move, she will wake up to find you in her. This should be a
short, sweet encounter, not a sexual marathon, and the time not to try it
is when she has an early morning meeting! P.S. Some people can wake
themselves up at a specific time by autosuggestion just before going to
sleep!

93. King of the Hill -- Slave Driver!
You are master, she is slave. She will obey your every sexual whim. She is
eager to please her master. Speak to her... and enjoy! Instructions to her:
Submit!

94. Queen Bee -- Your wish is his command!
Tonight he is your adoring slave. Your wish is his command. But you must
command. Tell him what you want, how you want it, when you want it.
Exercise your power! Instructions to him: Do exactly what she says, slave!

95. Bare Essence -- A loaf of bread, a jug of wine...
Imagine the touch of a summer breeze on your bare skin as you prepare your
favorite picnic feast for this Interlude. Drive to a secluded picnic spot
in the woods or at the beach. Spread a soft blanket on the ground and take
off all your clothes. (It is secluded, isn't it?) Let the sun's rays and
the warm breeze caress your skin. Eat and drink and touch each other. The
forbidden atmosphere and the possibility of discovery should create an air
of intense excitement. Make love if you dare, but listen for footsteps! If
the temperature is below 72 degrees, better choose another Interlude!

96. The Sensuous Woman -- Woman, prepare to be ravaged!
Tell your lover you are going to give him the time of his life tonight and
that you must place him in bondage so that he can fully enjoy it. Bind his
ankles and wrists with velvet ropes and tie a gag over his mouth (Use a
knotted white handkerchief.)  Prop his head with pillows so that he is in a
half-sitting position. Now, slowly strip for him and start your one-woman
show. Don't be shy -- men love to watch their ladies be deliberately sexy!
Move around the room for him slowly. Touch your breasts, your nipples, and
your thighs. Give him a rear view as you caress the crease where your
buttocks join your thighs. Rub your hand between your legs to get the scent
of your love juices, then press that hand against his face. Now place
yourself in a comfortable position so that he can see you begin to
masturbate. His blood should reach the boiling point as he helplessly
watches you make love to yourself. Give yourself over to orgasm after
orgasm. Finally, untie him and prepare to be ravaged!

97. Passive Perfect -- He doesn't have to lift a finger!
Your lover is tired tonight. He has little interest in active sex... but
he'd still like it!  This is your opportunity to give. Send him to take a
shower. While he is showering, heat body oil for an oil rubdown. When he is
in bed, start with his shoulders and back, kneading his muscles firmly with
your oiled hands. Concentrate most of your attention here to ease away his
tiredness. Turn him over and begin on his arms and chest. Work your way
down his body to concentrate on handwork with his penis. The oil lubricates
it so that it is slippery and your hand moves quickly and easily. Bring him
to orgasm this way. Afterwards, cleanse him with a warm, wet cloth, and let
him drift off to sleep.

98. Patty-Cake, Patty-Cake -- Beat it!
During foreplay, lightly pat your lady between the legs directly on the
vagina with the flat palm of your hand. Increase the tempo and pressure
slightly if it seems to turn her on.

99. The Ultimate Experience -- Your love-life will never be the same!
Congratulations!  You have found the most secret, the most sought after
Interlude of all time... The Ultimate Experience. And that it is. After
this Interlude, your love life may never again be the same!

The Ultimate Experience takes place over FOUR nights! It calls for
patience and restraint -- and a great deal of both!  But the reward can be
one of the greatest sexual experiences of your life.

You are going to recreate your "very first time". You are going to build up
to a libido-shattering crescendo with all of the excitement of that very
first time, BUT with all the experience that you currently have. The closer
you follow each night's instructions, the more gratifying the experience
will be!

Night 1:  Remember when kissing was all that was allowed?  That's all you
can do tonight. Go out on a date or spend the evening at home. It doesn't
matter. But at the end of the evening, just kiss each other. In the car, on
the sofa, anywhere but on the bed. Stay fully clothed and spend an hour or
more just kissing. Explore all the nuances of kissing, but don't touch, not
even through your clothes! And DON'T make love tonight. Make a date for
tomorrow night and sleep in separate beds tonight!

Night 2: Tonight you've graduated to petting! After your date, repeat the
kissing of last night, but now you can touch each other's bodies through
and under your clothes -- but DON'T get undressed!  You can touch each
other in every wonderful place -- BUT DON'T GET UNDRESSED AND DON'T MAKE
LOVE!  At the end of the evening, make a date for tomorrow night -- and,
yes, sleep in separate beds tonight!

Night 3:  Tonight you'll go further than last night... but not all the way!
After your date, repeat the activities of Night 1 and Night 2. Spend a lot
of time kissing before you get to petting!  And spend a lot of time petting
before you UNDRESS each other!  Yes, tonight you will undress each other
and explore each other's bodies to your heart's content... but DON'T have
intercourse and don't give each other an orgasm!  At the end of the
evening, make a date for tomorrow night!  It's your choice whether you dare
sleep together in your excited condition!  It's probably best that you
sleep in separate beds one more night!

Night 4:  This is the night you've been waiting for!  The night you can
finally consummate your love for each other! After your date (surely you
can wait till after your date!), repeat the activities of Night 1, 2 and 3
-- s l o w l y!  Take your time as you explore every inch of each other's
bodies with your lips, hands, and tongue. Make it last as long as you can
and then release all the wonderful sexual tension that has built up over
the past three nights!  Make mad, passionate love all night long... and go
to sleep wrapped in each other's arms -- sated, happy, and completely
satisfied! The Ultimate Experience!

100. Garter-Starter -- This could be the start of something big!
The next time you go out to a public affair, dress in a special way for
your man. Wear a garterbelt and stockings (not pantyhose) under your dress.
While you're dressing keep this a secret from your mate, but just before
you go out let him "accidentally" glimpse your garters. Be sure that you
must be somewhere at a certain time or he may attack you on the spot!  The
objective is to tantalize him with the thought of you throughout the
evening. When you arrive home (early, perhaps?) you won't need any further
suggestions for an Interlude.

101. A Little Night-Music -- For the nature lover in you.
Take advantage of a warm summer night. A lawn chair, a pool float, a
hammock or a blanket on the grass... can be a perfect bed for your love
tonight. It's dark... no one can see you. Enjoy the night's music as you
come together in the dark. (If it's the dead of winter, select another
Interlude!)

102. The book of Love! -- Straight from the heart.
Give your man a book of love. Buy a notebook or a bound book with blank
pages. Write in it your thoughts about him, your fantasies, your feelings
about an experience you've shared. Quote lines of poetry that are
especially meaningful. Write a poem of your own!  Don't think you have to
be a published writer to do this. Grammar, punctuation, spelling are not
important. Honesty is. Be as creative as you like -- include drawings or
photographs if appropriate. Give the gift to your lover on a special
occasion... he will treasure it always.

103. Satin Dreams -- This will turn you into dream lovers.
Sexy undies and satin sheets can really get you going!  Buy satin sheets
and cases. Buy yourself the sexiest lingerie you can find. Buy him silky
shorts and a silk or satin robe. Have his presents wrapped. Before he
arrives, make the bed with the satin sheets. Greet him at the door in the
new outfit. Give him his gifts and tell him to put them on while you fix
drinks. Relax for a time over drinks. Tell him to wait for you in bed so he
can discover the sheets! Join him and start the foreplay. You take the
lead. Be creative and seductive. Afterwards, have champagne in bed.

104. Slap Happy -- Fuel the flames of love.
During passionate lovemaking, a bit of mock force or "abuse" can fuel the
flames and drive both partners to higher levels of ecstasy. Your lover has
indicated that he would enjoy a bit of "abuse" tonight, so... during
intercourse when he nears orgasm, sharply slap his buttocks with the palm
of your hand until he climaxes.

105. The Hidden Zone -- Find it!
You may have overlooked one of your lover's most erogenous zones: the back
of his neck and hair. During foreplay, concentrate on this area. Kiss the
back of his neck just where the hair starts to grow. Moisten it with your
tongue, then blow on it softly. Run your fingers through his hair next to
the scalp, gently massaging the scalp with your fingertips. Continue this
at length; then move on to other foreplay, then to intercourse. Throughout,
however, keep your fingers moving through his hair in this special erotic
place.

106. My way -- He's the boss!
Create your own interlude! Give your mate the instructions and tell her the
computer gave them to you.

107. The Light Touch -- Sensuous Sensations are in store!
Treat your lover to an erotic massage -- a feather-light touch all over the
body with your fingertips. Start on your lover's back, neck and shoulders
and continue down the body with your light, light touch. The fingers should
really not touch the skin at all but the hair on the skin. Now do the other
side, starting with the face and moving over the entire body. Remember,
keep it light. Finally, return to the genital area and switch to mouthwork.
Keep it teasing and gentle until passion dictates otherwise.

108. Shutter Bug -- Smile for the birdy!
Photograph your lady in all her many moods. Have her dress up for you in
her special sexy clothes: lingerie, garterbelt and stockings, hat, anything
that takes your fancy. Pose her in various seductive ways. (Use your erotic
photo collection for suggestions.)  Before each photograph kiss her, touch
her, indulge in a little foreplay -- if you want her to look sexy, make her
feel sexy!  Look at your array of her photos together, and let them inspire
you to erotic heights.

119. Champagne Cocktail -- Bring the bubbly
Chill a bottle of champagne and suggest that your lady take a long,
leisurely bubble bath. After she is in the tub, undress and take the
champagne and glasses to the bathroom. Pour champagne over her shoulders...
then join her in the tub. Toast her loveliness! Drink, kiss, touch, play,
relax in the steamy warmth. Help her from the tub and dry each other with a
Turkish towel. Bend her across the vanity, her buttocks toward you and take
her from behind while she watches in the bathroom mirror.

110. Lotus Love -- A mystical experience
Sex can be a mystical experience. To bring out this aspect, add a little
yoga to your love making. Light several candles and turn out the lights.
Spread a blanket on the floor or sit on floor pillows. Have your lover sit
in a modified lotus position (or Indian-like with ankles crossed). Run
fingers lightly over his skin, starting with his face, scalp, neck, and
genitals. Make him firmly erect by teasing his manhood with your tongue and
lips. Each touch should be light and teasing. Now, straddle him face to
face, with your weight on your knees, and guide him into you. As you
continue to touch and caress each other, tighten your vaginal muscles
around his penis. This should be the only movement in this area. Continue
tightening these muscles in a rhythmic way while you kiss and caress each
other. Contemplate the spiritual union of your bodies and souls. (With a
little practice, you may be able to bring you both to orgasm this way.)

111. Leather Lovers -- Turns you into the wild ones!
You'll need several long, soft leather belts. First, wrap a belt around
your lover's waist, under his balls, and tie it around his cock. Then wrap
a belt around your breasts, so that it cups each one; then tie it behind
your neck. Next, wrap a belt around your hips and thighs so that your pussy
is outlined in leather. Now, make love. Let the smell and feel of leather
add to the pleasures of your bodies.

112. Morning Glow -- Here comes the sun, too!
Your interview indicates that all you want tonight is a good-night kiss and
sleep. However, come the morning . . . Set the alarm a few minutes early.
Then wake each other with kisses. Enjoy each other simply and quickly. The
extra adrenaline can make your day!

113. Caveman Caper -- a Sexual symphony!
Tonight your lady wants to be dominated in a primitive way. Try a game of
bondage... she is bound and helpless while you are the ravager. Just
remember to whisper words of love throughout the bondage scene. Tell her to
undress and wait for you in bed. Get satin or velvet ribbons to bind and a
soft leather belt. Tie each of her wrists and ankles to the bedposts so
that she is in a spread-eagled position. Blindfold her with a scarf so that
she can't see what you are going to do next. Now, begin a symphony of
sexual assault, licking, nibbling, kissing her entire body. As she becomes
more and more aroused, tease her by entering her and withdrawing quickly.
Tease her mouth with your penis. Flick her very lightly (or harder, if she
asks for it) with the belt. The more she struggles, the more you tease.
Kiss her lips occasionally and whisper words of love. Finally, untie one
leg and retie it to her opposite arm so that her buttocks and genitals are
exposed to you. Enter her from this side/back position and "mock-rape" her
while lightly flicking her buttocks with the belt. Afterwards, untie her
quickly and let her come down to earth in your arms.

114. Love Odyssey -- You'll have time enough for love.
Kidnap your man for a trip. Make all the plans in secret. Even pack for
him. Find some excuse to get him to the airport, train, or car. Don't tell
him anything until the last possible minute. Once you arrive, take the lead
in planning your interludes for the trip.

115. Some Enchanted Evening -- Guaranteed to put the romance back in your life!
She wants romance. This is your chance to spend time showing your love. 1.
Spend time kissing and cuddling her before you get out of bed. 2. Send
flowers to her office or home. 3. Call her midday and say I love you. 4.
Plan dinner at a nice restaurant that has dancing. 5. Meet for drinks after
work. 6. Buy her a small 'special' gift. 7. At dinner give her the gift.
Talk about your feelings and plans. Tell her how you feel about her. Ask
her to dance and hold her close. 8. After dinner go to your favorite bar
for a nightcap. When you get home, make love by candlelight.

116. Blow Job -- Not what you would expect!
Give your lover a different kind of "blow-job". Keeping your mouth about
two inches above his skin, blow gently all over his body. This is
especially effective if you moisten his skin first with your tongue. As an
alternative, use your hand-held hair dryer on a low setting.

117. Quick Fix --  A Freebie for him!
Sometimes a man wants sex without having to perform or give in return.
Sometimes we all do! Tonight your lover feels this way. Satisfy his longing
for passivity and don't allow him to reciprocate in any way. Your turn will
come! Wait until he has gone to bed, then join him. Don't try to arouse his
interest with kisses or foreplay -- that implies reciprocation. Your intent
is to give him an orgasm quickly, surely, and swiftly. For a quick
erection, go down on him without preliminaries. Press the area between his
anus and his testicles. Tease him with your mouth until he grows rock-hard.
Then straddle him and ride him, slowly at first, then faster and faster
until he comes. Afterwards, kiss him lightly goodnight, and return to your
own activities.

118. Bow Tie -- A gift for your lady!
Tell your lady you have a gift for her. Then undress and place a cock ring
(which you can buy at a sex shop) around your erect cock. Tie a big red bow
around your cock. Now, wait for her to discover you in bed. The cock ring
should keep you hard for hours while you give her the rest of your gift.

119. Night-Rider -- Climb into the depths of her soul!
During intercourse in the missionary position, put your legs on the outside
of hers, resting your weight on your arms. Then, bend your knees and move
your legs, one at a time, as if you are riding a bicycle. Keep "riding" in
slow steady movements as you kiss her passionately. She will feel as if you
are climbing deep, deep into her. This has been known to make nonorgasmic
women multi-orgasmic!

120. The Flasher -- Surprise!
If your lover likes surprises, this should please and tease him. Slip out
of the house without his knowing it. Wear a trenchcoat and nothing else.
Then ring the front doorbell. When he answers the door, flash him. He'll be
caught off guard on two counts: Seeing you at the front door when he
thought you were in the house and seeing you naked beneath the coat!  The
next move is up to you... unless, of course, he takes it from there.

121. Upside-down Cake! -- Starling sensations.
Give your lady a different kind of sensation. Take her upside-down, sort
of. Sit on a low stool and have your lady straddle you, face-to-face. Then
have her lie back until her head is resting on a pillow which you've placed
on the floor. Grasp her thighs and move her back and forth on your penis.
This can intensify an orgasm.

122. Mash Note -- Live up to your promises.
Write your lover a "dirty" letter. Go into graphic detail about the plans
you have for the evening. Then plant the letter where you know that he --
and only he -- will see it. Put it in the car on the driver's seat or in
his briefcase. You want him to discover it in the morning and to think
about it all day long!  When he comes home, live up to your promises!

123. French vacation -- Tres' Magnifice!
When you're married to or living with someone, sex is always within reach.
Which makes us take it for granted. Change that. Create the tension of
abstinence, the excitement of anticipation. Deliberately abstain from sex
for two weeks. At the end of that period, plan a quiet evening at home and
make love all night. The French say it's tres magnifique!

124. Fancy Footwork -- This little piggy went to market!
When your lover arrives home from work very tired and tense, treat him to a
foot massage. Prepare his favorite drink and tell him to remove his shoes
and relax. Prepare a large basin of hot water. Add fragrant bath salts and
place your lover's feet in the basin to soak for a few minutes. Get a
towel, floor pillow, bar of soap, and body lotion. Seat yourself on the
floor pillow at your lover's feet. Wash each foot slowly, lovingly,
massaging it gently. Dry his feet and put the basin of water aside. Now
take one of his feet in your lap and rub the lotion into it. Massage the
instep and sole of the foot deeply. Take his ankle in both your hands and
massage it in small, circular motions. Attend to each toe individually.
Kiss each foot as you finish and/or suck his toes!  Repeat this procedure
with the other foot. When you have finished, let your lover take the lead.
He may be relaxed enough to fall asleep -- or aroused enough to start a
different kind of Interlude.

125. Cowgirl Caper -- Ride 'em Cowgirl!
Your lover likes to see you in sexy costumes. Surprise him by appearing in
cowboy boots, a cowboy hat, leather vest, and open-crotch panties. Put on
your favorite country-western music. Tell him you want to play cowgirl!
Undress him (horses don't wear clothes!) and tell him to get on his hands
and knees. Then ride him bareback around the room, flicking him lightly
with a velvet rope. This is playtime... so let your imagination run wild.
Finally, make him lie on his back and ride him to orgasm, still clothed in
your boots, vest, and panties.

126. A Point of View -- Bass Ackwards!
A different position can be fun and extra sexy. If you haven't tried this
one, you're in for a treat. Instructions to her: When your lover is hard,
straddle him, facing his feet, and ease him into you. Caress his testicles
and enjoy the different sensations as you ride him. Instructions to him:
Caress and lightly pinch her buttocks as she rides you. Lubricate a finger
and gently insert it in her anus. (be very gentle with this spot.. Enjoy
the sensations... and the view.

127. Photoplay -- A picture is worth a thousand words.
Do you like erotic photographs?  Maybe your lady will too. Buy a Playgirl
or gay magazine to go with your Playboy or Penthouse collection. Ask your
lady to look at them with you. As you leaf through the pages, point out the
photos that most turn you on. Ask her to do the same. It may give you some
ideas for the rest of this Interlude.

128. Powder Puff -- Soothing and sensuous.
It may have been a long hard day, but a tingling shower will invigorate
you. Take one together. Soap each other thoroughly, lovingly. Wash each
other's hair. When you have toweled each other off, take turns giving the
other a powder rub. Sprinkle baby powder on your lover and lightly smooth
it into the skin with a powder puff. Make love on fresh linens.

129. At the Movies -- A preview of coming attractions!
Rent an X-rated videotape and invite your lady to watch it with you. Dress
in loose robes and settle down to watch the movie. Let the action on the
screen unlock your inhibitions this evening.

130. The Look of Love -- Your guess is as good as mine!
Light several candles so that the bedroom glows with soft light. Stand nude
in front of a full-length mirror and rub oil into each other's skin. Watch
the color and texture of your skin in the flickering candlelight. Begin to
kiss and touch in earnest now as the passion builds. Continue to watch
yourselves in the mirror as you make love.

131. Triple-play -- All bases are covered!
During foreplay, give your lady a triple treat. Kiss her deeply, probing
her mouth with your tongue. Moisten your finger with saliva or vaginal
secretions and insert it gently in her anus while another finger explores
her vagina. The sensations for her are extraordinary.

132. Forgotten pleasure -- Rediscover and erogenous zone!
You may have overlooked one of your lady's most erogenous zones: the back
of her neck and hair. During foreplay, concentrate on this area. Kiss the
back of her neck and just where the hair starts to grow. Moisten it with
your tongue, then blow on it softly. Run your fingers through the hair next
to the scalp gently, massaging the scalp with your fingertips. Continue
this at length, then move on to other foreplay, then to intercourse.
Throughout, however, keep your fingers moving through her hair in this
special erotic place.

133. Rendezvous' for Lovers -- You're worth it!
Treat your lady to a rendezvous at a hotel this weekend. Make reservations
at one of your city's best hotels. (Many have special weekend packages for
couples.)  Check in on Friday night and spend the entire weekend in the
hotel... dining, dancing, making love. Swim at the hotel pool. Have drinks
in the cocktail lounge. Dine in its fanciest restaurant. If the hotel has
entertainment, be sure and catch the show. Have breakfast served in your
room at least one day. And, make love at every opportunity (there should be
plenty!) Return home Sunday night completely satiated and relaxed.

134. Sneak Preview -- No hints allowed!
On your way home from a party or an evening out, give your lover a preview
of coming attractions. Take his hand and massage it gently. Kiss the palm,
and run your tongue over and around each finger. Now take one finger in
your mouth and suck it. Roll it around your tongue. Repeat with the other
fingers. Move your attention to his ear. Circle it with your tongue, then
gently insert your tongue in the ear and move it in and out softly. Breathe
in against his wet ear (don't blow in it). Return to his fingers, then back
to his ear. Alternate this until you arrive home. He will most likely take
the lead from there.

135. The Kiss -- Like a virgin!
Your lady is tired tonight and not in the mood for complicated sex. This is
a great time to enjoy sex in its simplest form:  The Kiss. Tell her that
you don't want to make love, but that you just want to kiss and hold her.
Then do just that. Explore  all possibilities of the kiss. Alternate
gentle, no-tongue kisses with deep, probing French kisses. Run your tongue
over her lips and bite her lower lip gently. Kiss her eyelids, her cheeks,
her forehead, and return to her lips. Kissing is a pure way of saying: "I
love you and want you just as you are".

136. A bed of Roses -- an Orgy for the senses.
Say it with roses... but not in the usual way. Buy several dozen roses.
While your lady is in the bath, scatter the petals over the sheets. When
she comes from her bath, lay her down in the bed of roses and make love
amid the heady fragrance.

137. Creme de la Creme -- A beauty treatment!
During lovemaking, when you are close to orgasm, put your penis between her
breasts. Hold her breasts snugly around your penis as you thrust. Come on
her breasts, then massage your semen into her skin. (Semen is said to be
good for the skin!)

138. Hawaii 5-0 -- it's a ringer!
Tell your lover you have a surprise for him and send him to take a shower.
Then take the fresh pineapple, which you've cut into rings, with whipped
cream to the bedroom. When your lover comes out of the shower, have him lie
on his back and close his eyes. Perform fellatio to make him erect. Then
spread the whipped cream on his penis and slip the pineapple rings over it.
Now, eat your dessert.

139. Table for Two -- Somewhere, a place for us.
Make love on the dining room table. Start with her on top, then switch. The
cool surface on your back and buttocks will give you interesting new
sensations!

140. Culture Shock -- Expand your horizons.
What does your lady like that you don't particularly enjoy? The ballet?
The opera?  The symphony or theater? Punk rock? Surprise her with tickets
to a special performance. Get the best seats in the house. Make a date with
her for the evening but don't tell her where you're going until you get
there. Relax and try to enjoy it. Then take her for a late supper
afterwards.

141. The Sporting Life -- try it, you'll like it!
What does he like that you don't? Football? Baseball? Boxing? Surprise him
with tickets to a major event -- the Super Bowl, the World Series, a
championship boxing match, or perhaps just to watch his favorite teams.
Make arrangements for transportation and/or a tailgate picnic. Take a
couple of friends with you. If you don't actually enjoy the game, you'll
surely enjoy his pleasure from your gift.

142. Bi Bi Birdy -- You'll never believe what is in store for you.
No, of course he's not gay... but reading or fantasizing about gay sex
often turns on a man. Carry this idea one step further by introducing a
second "cock" for this Interlude. Put a rubber dildo under your pillow.
During foreplay, when you're kissing him passionately, produce the dildo
and pull back from him for a moment. Then start licking and sucking the
dildo, slowly, tantalizingly. Then, with the dildo still in your mouth,
bring your lips close to his so that he is kissing you while you're sucking
the dildo. Slowly, very slowly, move the dildo gradually from your mouth to
his. Let him lick it at first, along with you. Then, if he seems to be
getting into the action, let him take the whole thing in his mouth, as you
continue to kiss him and lick the dildo. Now, straddle him and ease his
hardness into you, as you both continue to suck the dildo and kiss each
other. If he gives himself over to the sensations, he'll come quite
quickly... and so will you.

143. The Popcorn Connection -- Here's lookin' at you, kid!
Rent a Bogart/Bacall movie. Pop some popcorn. Put on robes or pajamas and
curl up in bed to watch a classic. Have a box of tissues at hand if the
movie happens to be Casablanca!

144. Out to Lunch -- Guess!
Invite your lady to lunch. Have her meet you at your office or pick her up
at hers, after you've ordered sandwiches and wine from the deli! Take her
to the park and eat lunch on a park bench. Feed the pigeons. Go for a
leisurely stroll and feel the cares of the day drop away.

145. Strawberry Sundae -- MMMMMMmmmmm Good!
Tell your lover you're having dessert in bed tonight. You shower first, and
while he is showering, take a bowl of strawberries and a bowl of whipped
cream to the bedroom. Lie in the middle of your bed. Then spoon the whipped
cream over your breasts and navel. Arrange the strawberries in the cream
(you've destemmed and sliced the strawberries earlier so that they have a
flat side). Now wait for your lover to discover his strawberries and cream.
After he eats dessert, take the remaining whipped cream and spread it over
his penis. Eat one strawberry at a time, followed by a lick of his
creamcovered handle. When all the straw- berries are gone, finish off the
cream... and him!

146. Shower Power -- Standing Room Only!
Take a hot shower together. Soap each other thoroughly and wash each
other's hair. Now rinse off all the soap. With the shower still running,
she takes him in her mouth and performs fellatio until he is hard. Make
love standing under the running water. She can wrap her legs around his
waist, or you can do it standing up, depending on each other's height and
weight.

147. Shopping Spree -- The Pursuit of Happiness!
Most women won't go into a sex shop alone. But she'll probably go with you.
Take her into the nicest sex shop you can find and browse. Examine all the
sexual aids the store has to offer and buy those that interest you. Then,
go home and try them out.

148. Playmate Portfolio -- Candid Camera!
Create a portfolio of yourself for your lover. If you have a trusted
photographer friend, enlist his or her help. If not, set up a camera with a
selftimer on a tripod and take your own photograph. Take dozens of nude and
semi-nude shots in various sexy poses (use Playboy or Penthouse for a
guide). Choose a dozen or so of the best shots and have them enlarged.
Arrange the photos in a beautiful album. Try putting sexy or funny captions
on the photos, or following Playboy's or Penthouse's format, write cutlines
describing yourself and your attitudes about sex. Give it to your lover as
a special present.

149. HotLips -- The Lips of Love.
Your lady's labia are the lips of love. Give them special attention
tonight. Kiss her inner thighs and tease her labia with your tongue and
fingers. Then, paint her love lips with bright red lipstick. Show her your
handiwork with a hand-held mirror. As you enter her, watch her red-hot lips
close around you.

150. Madam's Menu -- May I take your order, please?
Prepare a "menu" of all the sexual pleasures you will offer your lover for
the evening, complete with prices. Dress up like a hooker -- garterbelt and
mesh hose (no panties), stiletto heels, short slit satin skirt, see-through
blouse with no bra. Put on lots of make-up and a wig. Then tell him that he
must order his evening's pleasures from the menu. (By all means, take the
money -- and use it for your next surprise Interlude!)

151. Fantasy Sandwich -- Where's the Beef?
Almost every man has a fantasy of making love to two women at once. Indulge
his by introducing an imaginary playmate the next time you make love.
Whisper to your lover all the things your playmate is doing to him (and to
you!). Let your imagination run wild, use your sexiest voice, and describe
everything in graphic detail. Do this only when you're ready for him to
climax because he won't last long with this kind of verbal stimulation.

152. Raindrops Keep Falling on My Head! -- and everywhere else!
Wait for a warm summer evening when it is just misting rain. Take an air
mattress to the backyard (assuming you have a high fence for privacy) and
seduce your lover in the rain.

153. Barbershop -- A shave and a haircut!
You'll need your lady's consent for this one, but if a bare, little-girl
pussy turns you on, ask her if you can shave her pubic area. Take a bath
together first, then clip her pubic hair very short with scissors. Next,
lather her pussy with shaving cream and shave her very, very carefully. Rub
her down with lotion or oil, including her newly shaved pussy. Then lick
her to orgasm before you enter her.

154. Jungle Fever -- You Tarzan, Me Jane!
Buy your lover a leopard jockstrap and yourself a leopard or leather sarong
(you can buy such things at most costume shops). Ask him to model it for
you while you change into your sarong. Then let jungle fever take you over
for the evening.

155. Strip Poker -- No Bluffing!
Get a deck of cards and play poker. With each hand the loser must take off
one piece of clothing and perform some minor sexual act of the winner's
choice. The first to lose all must do exactly as the winner orders!

156. Mata Hari -- Look for the lady in the trench coat!
The next time your lover comes home from a business trip, pick him up at
the airport in a rented limousine. Take a silver or crystal cooler filled
with ice and champagne. Take crystal champagne glasses (not plastic ones.
and maybe some caviar. Ask the driver to wait at the entrance for you and
to open the champagne when he sees you at the door. Wear a trenchcoat and
boots and nothing else. Sip champagne and "play" all the way home... and be
prepared to be ravaged when you get there.

157. Topsy-turvy -- He's head over heals!
Give your lover a different sensation tonight. Have him lie on his back on
the bed with his head and upper torso hanging over the edge of the bed. You
may want to place a floor pillow next to the bed for his head. Now mount
him and ride him to a roaring climax in this inverted position.

158. Calendar Boy -- Beefcake Bonanza!
Surprise your lady with a beefcake calendar... of YOU!  Take several dozens
of photographs of yourself in a variety of sexy poses -- nude or in sexy
costumes -- and have 12 of the best shots enlarged to fit a purchased photo
calendar. Glue your photos over the calendar's photos. Voila!  Your very
own beefcake calendar... a gift she'll treasure forever. (These
selfportraits can be made easily by mount- ing a camera on a tripod and
focusing it on your setting).

159. Morning Magic -- A great way to start the day!
Make this morning very special for your lady... serve her breakfast in bed.
Let her sleep while you prepare breakfast; then wake her with a kiss and a
glass of champagne. When she finishes breakfast, offer yourself as dessert.

160. A place in the country -- A Little R&R!
Wherever you live, there is probably a romantic country inn within driving
distance. (Refer to Country Inns of America by Peter Andrew for a
description of the best country inns in the U.S.)  Plan a week or a weekend
trip to one of them. Explore the town and countryside; dine at the Inn's
romantic restaurant, and enjoy the rest and relaxation that only the
country can give!

161. Treasure Hunt -- Everybody wins!
Send your lady on a treasure hunt. Buy several erotic gifts to hide
throughout the house -- vibrators, sexual toys, scented body oil, sexy
lingerie. Give her a written clue in a gift-wrapped box which directs her
to the first gift. The first gift should then have a written clue to direct
her to the second gift, and so on. The last gift should contain
instructions on what you have in mind for the evening, using all the gifts
she has found. It's your show!  (It is fun to also include a hint in each
gift of what the next gift is all about. Be creative -- and you'll both
enjoy the hunt!)

162. Baby-Doll -- She wants to be babied tonight.
Your lady wants to be babied tonight, without having to reciprocate. That's
okay -- your turn will come. Draw a bath for her and bring her favorite
drink to sip while she is relax- ing. Light candles in the bedroom and turn
down the bed. When she is finish- ed with her bath, dry her off and have
her lie down while you rub lotion on her body. Use her vibrator to give her
a quick but satisfying orgasm. Then, blow out the candles and let her sleep
like a baby.

163. Body Work -- She doesn't have to lift a finger!
Your lady is tired and has little interest in active sex... but she'd still
like it. This is your opportunity to give. You're going to treat her to a
total massage. While she is showering, heat some body oil and spread a
large towel on the bed to protect the linens. Then start the massage with
her shoulders and neck and back muscles, kneading them firmly with your
oiled hands. Spend most of your attention here, where tension and stress
gather. Then, turn her over and massage her arms, hands, legs and feet.
When she is almost asleep, gently massage her breasts and stomach, arousing
her slowly, as you make your way down to her pussy. Perform cunnilingus to
bring her to orgasm. Then let her drift off to sleep.

164. The Merge, a NUTO couple -- Share the happy, peaceful experience.
Many describe the intense phase of N2O as nearly orgasmic, so it is common
to want to share the experience. One rather romantic method is described as
follows. Obtain a few canisters of whipped cream charger. You will also
need a puncturing device, sold wherever Creamer Chargers are sold. Usually
you can find both at drug culture shops that sell pipes, bongs, Zig-Zag
papers and other paraphernalia. Take a canister and release it's contents
of N2O into a balloon. Now both he and she should exhale entirely, but not
so much that you fell like your lungs are going to collapse. She should
then inhale the entire contents of the balloon or as much as her lungs will
comfortably hold. He should then take her in an open mouthed kiss while she
holds the nuto in her lungs. When she grows tired of holding her breath she
should signal him by gently squeezing his shoulder. She then slowly
releases the nuto from her lungs while he inhales the nuto from her mouth.
The couple should then begin a normal breathing pattern with one exhaling
nuto while the other inhales it. You may need to refresh the nuto once in a
while. How long you keep passing the nuto back and forth is up to you, but
I suggest that you break for oxygen just often enough to prevent severe
brain damage. Also you might want to think twice if your partner has any
sort of respiratory infection.

165. LONG winter nights -- topical anaesthetics can make it last longer.
This is an easy and fun trick that reduces the sensitivity of mucous
membranes (This includes the penis and vaginal area). The result of this is
that what have been a disappointing five minute ride can be turned into a
passion filled marathon of sexual intensity that lasts the night. One of
the easiest topical anaesthetics to obtain is Benzocaine 5% USP. It is a
skin desensitizer used in female leg waxing kits (available at your
supermarket). It is also likely that your can ask your pharmacists for it
over the counter. Apply the topical cream liberally to yourself and to your
partner. It will also act as a lubricant. The initial effects may seem
noticeable yet weak. The loss of sensitivity will become more pronounced
after about five to ten minutes at which time the effects may even be
startling your first time. Not to worry, the effects are not permanent;
sensitivity will return faster than it left as soon as the Benzocaine is
washed off. Note, the security of condoms and other barrier contraceptive
devices has not been tested in contact with this product.
