Archive-name: 3plus/sexislnd.txt
Archive-author: Rexroad
Archive-title: Sex Island Mystery


ONE

The plane flew along at twenty-five thousand feet.  All four
passengers anxiously awaited their arrival at Bridgewell Island.
Jess Bridgewell and his good friends Ariel Kimberly, Dave  Rothman,
and Sandy Tarly were coming back to the island after a  two month
absence.

Business matters had kept Jess away and the other three  found then
was a good time to take care of their own affairs,  which had been
badly neglected during their prior visit to  Bridgewell Island.
Never-the-less, they usually returned  whenever Jess was there.

When the four traveled to the island it was usually after a  lengthy
stay on the mainland and they enjoyed the renewed  friendship
immensely.  The several hour flight always provided a  good time
for reacquaintances to be made and this time was no  exception.  

"Fuck me!"  she shouted as his thrusting cock sank deeply  into
her hot cunt, "Push that rod into me! Further! Fuck, you  bastard!
Fuck!"

Sandy was pumping her pelvis as hard as she could while Jess  was
doing everything he could to keep his throbbing cock from  breaking
as the pressure from the movement of the two bodies  slammed
through him.  His hands were grasped tightly onto her  breasts.
One in each grip, his fingers were squeezing so roughly  that he
knew he must be hurting her.  But she just kept pushing,  jumping,
fucking.  Fucking as he had never felt before.

"Slide it in", she moaned, "Harder, harder, I'm cumming.   Fuck me,
oh! Fuck me.  FUCK ME!"  she finally shouted at the top  of her
lungs.

Jess jabbed his dick into Sandy's pussy as far as it would  go.
Sandy took it all and just gasped as it bottomed out.  Her  screams
suddenly died to hoarse gasps while Jess kept the  pressure as
forceful as he could manage.

She then reached her hands down to the only area of their  bodies
worth feeling.  Her left hand worked their fingers over  her clit
as fast as her delirium would permit.  With the other  she clasped
Jess's balls and squeezed; rubbing them as lovingly  as she was
her own joy spot.

"I'm cumming too!"  breathed Jess as he shoved his cock ever  harder
into the dripping, hot, hole between Sandy's wiggling  fingers.

"Shoot in me, love.  Cum inside me.  Cream my pussy.  Let me  feel
it shoot into my cunt.  Oh, fuck me!"

"Squeeze harder.  Stroke my cock, babe.  I'm cumming."

He sprayed his wad deep into her as they made final attempts  to
add more pleasure to their lovemaking.  Jess slid his long wet
cock back and forth, into and out of Sandy's trembling pussy.
Her hands holding his balls as if they were precious gems; hard
enough to give, no, cause maximum pleasure while gently enough to
prevent harm.  She could cause no harm to the lovely vaults that
held all that sweet supply of cum.  Cum she loved to lick from
Jess's pumping shaft as he squirts what seems like gallons into
the air.  Splashing her face, her breasts, her cunt, and dripping
down his cock.

The two of them slowly fell to the floor of the plane.   Sandy face
down on the plush carpet, her cunt aching with joy,  with Jess on
top of her.  His cock, slowly receding, sperm still  dripping from
the end, came to rest across the opening of her  ass.  They were
still pumping, involuntarily and ever so slowly.   Doggie fashion
was one of their favorite positions because it  allowed for much
freedom of Jess's hands to do what they will.   With her shoulders
on the carpet, Sandy could also make much good  use of her hands.

"Very good show you two put on.  Lovely bit of fucking Just
lovely."

Dave had been handling his camera as Jess and Sandy were  going about
their impromptu love scene.  Dave always had a camera  grasped in
his hand, as Sandy usually had a cock in hers.

"Print it and show it tonight, Dave, I want to see that huge  cock
pound into me.  I don't get to see it from that angle very  often."
Sandy was turning over to look at Dave and Ariel as Jess  slid off
her body.

"As soon as we get to the house.  I promise."

"Right now I want a cock in me, Dave,"  said Ariel, 

"Watching those two go at it has made me just too horny!"
Before Dave could answer, Ariel was kneeling in front of him,  unzipping
his jeans. 
"I want that cock!"

Ariel pulled Dave's growing rod out and began flicking her  tongue
at the head.  She then wrapped her mouth around it and  sucked it
into the opening of her throat.  Much practice made her  quite expert
at Linda Lovelace's specialty.  Dave's cock got  harder and longer.
As it grew, Ariel sucked harder and harder,  never letting it retreat
from her grasp.  She breathed through  her nose as the growing
cock pushed farther down her throat.  Her  upper lip grew white
as she pressed it against his body, smashing  it with her teeth.
The head of Dave's cock went deeper into  Ariel's throat, pumping
frantically as it went.

"Suck it, baby.  Suck it!"  Dave moaned as Ariel swallowed  over
and over again, sending waves of pleasure through his body.

She forced her tongue out and licked his balls until his  cock was
at its absolute longest and hardest.  A few more  swallows and
she began to let it slip slowly out of her mouth.   Nine of his
ten inches had left her mouth when she reversed the  direction and
sucked it back into her.  A few inches later the  tip was pressing
against the opening of her throat again.  A gasp  of air through
her nose and a gentle push from Dave and the  pulsing shaft was
once again sliding into her throat.

Ariel repeated this action for several minutes as Jess and  Sandy
watched from the floor.  Jess's cock was regaining its  stature
and Sandy's pussy, although unseen, was beginning to drip  its
passionate juices.

"So we excite you too."  Dave had noticed the increasing  movement
just beyond Ariel's kneeling body.  "Go to it again.  We  don't
mind."

Without letting up from Dave's cock, Ariel made several  guttural
sounds that barely slipped by the shaft blocking her  windpipe.

"What is it, dear."  asked Dave as he slowly moved his hips  back
and forth in unison with her head.

With her right hand she pointed to her crotch and with her  left
hand she pulled up her knee-length skirt.  Jess got the  message
and knelt behind her.  Sandy, not to be left out of  anything,
rolled over onto her back and slid between first Jess's  legs and
then Ariel's.  She guided Jess's nine inches of stiff  rod into
Ariel's waiting cunt.

As Jess pumped in and out, Sandy proceeded to lick his  shaft.
When it slammed all the way into Ariel's body, Sandy  would
move her tongue up to the throbbing clit, gently nibbling  it.
Ariel kept sucking.  Jess kept fucking.  Sandy kept licking.
And Dave just moaned.

The four sensuous bodies moved as one orgasmic organ for  several
minutes.  Ariel's mouth taking Dave's giant prick deeply  into its
recesses, sucking for all she could get.  Again letting  it out
until the bulbous head was held in only by the gentle  pressure
of her teeth; her tongue lashing it repeatedly.  Then,  again,
pulling it down her throat with the aid of her lungs on  one
end and her grasping hands on the other.  In and out, the  wet,
slippery organ pumped, bringing Dave to the verge of  ejaculation,
only to be expertly halted by Ariel's movements.

Ariel herself was nearing an orgasm as Jess shoved his  lubricated
rod into her hungry cunt.  As Jess continued to pump,  Sandy sucked
the somewhat erect clitoris between her lips and  attacked it with
her tongue.  Jess's pumping became more active,  as did Sandy's
sucking, until Ariel was moaning with utmost  pleasure.  This moaning
vibration, of course, sent Dave into a  frenzy of ecstasy.  He had
a hard time just to keep from dropping  his movie camera.

Jess finally bent over and grabbed Ariel's breasts, pulling  her
blouse open as he did so, and began a fast rubbing motion,  sending
Ariel's moans into high gear and high pitch.  Sandy  caught on to
Jess's action and brought her hands up to join the  fondling.

"I'm there! Ariel! Suck! Swallow my cum!"  Ariel's highly  pitched,
vibrating throat brought Dave's cock to its last excited  throbs
before cumming.

Ariel thrust her face into Dave's pelvis, forcing his  bulging
ten inches all the way into her throat.  It pulsed wildly  as the
sperm shot through the tip, directly into Ariel's throat  causing
her to swallow involuntarily.  The swallowing action  heightened
Dave's pleasure and resulted in more spasms of cum  being shot
into the warm tube inside Ariel.  This cycle fed  itself for what
seemed like an eternity as Ariel let loose in her  fit of orgasm.
Sucking harder and swallowing as Dave's cock  began to pull out of
her by nature of its unwanted shrinking.

Jess continued to pump his cock in Ariel's other end as he  and
Sandy both fondled her breasts.  Her excitement climaxed as  the
still bulbous head of the massive cock withdrew from the  opening of
her throat.  With one last pump, Jess pulled his cock  out of her
cunt, whereby Sandy grabbed it in her mouth and sucked  as the cum
shot out for the second time in the last half hour.   She expertly
licked all traces of Jess' cum as well as the sweet  smelling
remains of Ariel's pussy juices from the long pumping  shaft.

"Ahhhh," was all that Jess could manage to say.

The four bodies found their way to the floor of the private  jet
as the pilot's voice sounded from the cabin speaker.

"We're approaching now, so please find a seat and buckle  up."

The exhausted group of people dragged themselves to the  plush seats
but no one bothered to fasten their seat belt.  Jess  and Sandy were
still naked, while Ariel buttoned her blouse which  had worked loose
during the encounter.  She kept her skirt hiked  up over her waist
and gently massaged her hot and still tingling  pussy. The jolt of
touchdown sent a wave of climactic pleasure  downward through her
thighs and upward into her breasts as her  finger bounced roughly
against her clit.  The she allowed herself  to sink into the seat
and rest.

Jess stood up first and went to the doorway.  "Your rooms  should
be already prepared, so why don't we all freshen up a bit  and meet
for supper at seven o'clock.  I'll make sure the chef  and staff
will be ready for us."

Jess then donned his clothing as did Sandy and the four of  them
deplaned and headed toward the mansion.

TWO

Bridgewell Island was located in the calm Caribbean Sea,  almost
two hundred miles east of the coast of Central America.   Jess
Bridgewell inherited the island which included a small  castle of
Scottish design.  Over the few years since he acquired  the island
and received the freedom to handle his own financial  affairs, he
has renovated the castle and added new modern  construction which
increased the size of the structure four-fold.

The island itself covers nearly eighteen square miles with a  little
less than 30 miles of beach circling the irregular land  mass.
Many coves dig into the wooded areas with cliffs and sandy  beaches.

The 3000 foot airstrip sits just behind the mansion/castle  which
is about 400 yards from the southern beach.

The travelers entered the mansion through a huge set of  double
oak doors which were opened by two maids.  Once inside,  Jess led
the maids through an archway toward the kitchen; they  were joined
along the way by a butler.  The three guests went the  other way and
climbed a long curved staircase to the second  floor.  Dave walked
between the girls and managed to keep his  left arm around Sandy
with his hand stroking her left tit while  his right hand massaged
Ariel's ass.

"More fucks later, Dave," said Ariel as they reached the  second
floor and she turned right to head down the hall.

Dave let his hand slip off her ass and trail down her  outstretched
arm as they parted.  He then turned and gave Sandy a  kiss.
She quickly slid her hand down the front of his jeans and  grabbed
his growing cock.  Her tongue shot into his mouth and  mingled with
his tongue as she pumped her hand up and down on the  ever larger
shaft confined within the tight jeans.

"I want that in my ass!"

"You'll get that and more as soon as I develop the film from  the
plane."  He turn to go to his room but Sandy held tightly to  his
cock and followed him.

"I want it now, Dave, please stick it in my ass.  Please!"
She pulled at the buttons on her blouse and had it off before  Dave
had opened the door.  Her lovely breasts were bouncing  gently
against Dave's arm as she purposely rubbed herself against  him.

"Ok, sweet kitten, you've got it."

Only then did she release his dick and slip her hand from  his pants.
Both hands then went to the bottom of her skirt and,  in one motion,
swiftly pulled it over her head and threw it  against the wall
where it dropped to the floor.

Dave removed his clothes, but because his huge cock was now  fully
extended, it was a slower process than Sandy wished for.   But before
too many seconds had slipped by, Sandy was standing  next to the
bed bent over it with her ass promptly displayed for  Dave to see.
Which he did see.

He finally removed all his clothes and knelt behind Sandy.
His hands were stroking her thighs and gently rubbing against
her  cunt and asshole in equal turns.  Dave's right hand tangled
through the hairs surrounding the dripping opening of her vagina
while the left hand massaged the area around her ass.

When Sandy was just about ready to scream 'stick it in me',  Dave
thrust his fingers into her pussy; first one, then two, then  four.
He slid them in and out to get them really juicy.  When  their
slickness satisfied him, he pulled them out and began  reaming
her asshole.  Gently sticking the first finger in,  pushing it as
far as it would go; then two, then three, then with  a measured
slowness -- four.

"Fuck me.  Fuck my ass now, Dave."  Sandy's voice was barely
more than a whisper as she lay with her face buried in the bed,
her knees bending and straightening, in turn, to enhance Dave's
pumping action.

In the meantime, Dave had stood up behind Sandy and while  leaving
his fingers in her ass, he thrust his long shaft into her  cunt.
By pumping in and out several times he was able to  lubricate it
enough for the journey into the depths of her ass.   He pulled
both his fingers and his cock out and slowly rubbed the  head of
his cock around the enlarged opening of her behind.

"Here it comes."  He started sliding it in with a slow but  steady
movement.

The head slipped by the tight outer ring of her ass with  almost no
force and Dave had to hold back as Sandy's ass  practically sucked
the huge rod in.  Quickly, four inches went  in; then two more almost
as fast.  The next three inches had to  be pushed  but they went
easily as Sandy moaned and bunched up  the bedspread in her hands.

Dave stopped pushing inward and slowly rotated his hips  stretching
Sandy's ass; first to one side, then to the top, then  the other
side, then to the bottom and back again.  As the limp  mass of
female body lay on the bed, Dave shoved the last inch  into the
pulsing rectum.  With very slow movements, he pulled his  cock out
a very small amount and pushed it back in.

As Sandy continued to moan louder and louder, he pumped  faster and
faster, and pulled out further and further.  Soon his  ten inch shaft
was moving very quickly as it buried itself deep  in the lovely
asshole and then pulled out until the head just  about surfaced.
The tight sphincter muscle clamped over the head  to help prevent
total withdrawal and consequently prevented  breaking the continuous
spell of pleasure Sandy was obviously  experiencing at the able
hands, and cock, of Dave.

A few minute eternity passed before Sandy could gain enough  control
to begin helping out in the sexual encounter.  She began  shoving
her ass up as Dave pushed inward, thus forcing the long,  hard rod
deeper still into the wonting hole.  Before too long she  was able
to slide her hand between the bed and her belly by  pushing off the
floor with her now almost worthless toes.  She  was able to reach her
cunt and began rubbing the stiff, almost  erect, bulb of flesh hidden
under the folds of her soft pussy  lips.  Her moans were growing into
gasps as she stroked her clit  in time with Dave thrusting cock.

"Fuck my ass, Dave, Fuck it."  Her voice was as high a pitch  as any
soprano would dream of and full of heart felt, exhausting  pleasure.
"Fuck.  Fuck!  FUCK ME!"

Dave smiled and added a little more sideways movement to his
thrusting.  Sandy forced two fingers into her pussy just to help
hold her hand in place as she masturbated under the weight of  Dave's
movements.  A few more minutes passed before Sandy began  screaming.

"I'm cumming, love.  I'm really cumming.  Keep fucking.   PLEASE!
keep fucking my ass.  FUCK my ass!  Fuck my ass!"  The  last few
words never really made it out of her mouth, but Dave  knew what
they were -- and so did Ariel, who had been standing  behind the
two for some time.

As Sandy began to go limp, Dave slowed his pumping and then
began the process of pulling his massive member from her asshole.
Ariel made herself known at this time by reaching out and  grabbing
the throbbing dick.

"Let me help with that."  She proceeded to jackoff the shaft  that
had rendered Sandy paralyzed.  "After what you did for my  best
friend, I can't let you go unsatisfied."  Ariel talked to  the cock
as she expertly pulled and pushed, rubbed and stroked,  until white
gobs of semen gushed out, splashing her face and  dripping onto
Sandy's back.

Dave climbed onto the bed beside Sandy and rolled over onto  his
back.  Ariel climbed on top of him and planted a long  luscious
kiss on his opened mouth.  Sandy rolled over and got her  mouth in
on the action.  The threesome laid there with their  three mouths
touching and their three tongues darting to and fro  until Sandy
fell back flat on the bed.

"I have never been butt fucked that well.  You must have  rammed
my ass for twenty minutes.  I don't think I can even take  it that
long when I'm drunk!"

"Well then, babe, let's get you drunk and find out."  Dave  and
Ariel got up from the bed, leaving Sandy to rest.

"Not so fast, stud.  I get the next fuck from that cock, so
you better give it a little rest."  Ariel pulled Dave away from
the bed.

"Ok, ok.  You get the next fuck."  Dave smiled and turned  toward
the connecting bathroom to wash up.

Ariel helped Sandy get up from the king size bed.  The two  girls
gathered up Sandy's clothing and left the room -- Sandy  never
bothered putting her clothes back on.  As they left a maid  came
in started to lay clean clothes on the bed for Dave.

When the clothes were all set she entered the bathroom where  Dave
was wiping himself down with a damp washcloth.

"Allow me, Mr. Rothman."  She took the washcloth from him  and
began wiping his naked body ever so gently.

As she came upon his dangling male organ, she pushed it  upward and
sucked it gently into her mouth.  She sucked it deep  and then let
it pull out while she continued to wipe with the  cloth.

"You're not getting very stiff, Mr. Rothman.  Could it be  that
you've had too much today?"

"Never too much, Sylvia, just too soon."

She let the large limp cock slip out of her mouth and gave  it one
last long wipe with the damp washcloth.  She stood up and  the two
entered the bedroom.

"If there's nothing else sir I'll go help Alfred with the  meal
and see you later."

"That's fine Sylvia.  I can manage from here.  Thank you."

As Sylvia left the room, one of the Jamaicans came in with  Dave's
baggage and photo equipment.  He set then on the bed and  left.
Dave picked up the film containers and the movie camera he  had been
using today and left also.  He was heading for the photo  lab which
consisted of the entire lower level of one of the newer  wings of
Bridgewell Castle.

THREE

"We've been waiting for you, Dave.  Dinner is about to be  served."

"Sorry to keep you, Jess, I started talking with Matt in the  lab
and you know how we get when we talk about film.  Anyway the  print
should be ready by the time we retire to the library after  dinner."

"Ooooohh yea!" exclaimed Sandy.  "Like I said before, I want  to
see Jess's big cock pounding into me."

"I'd like to see that again too.  But I'd much rather feel  it."
Ariel rubbed Jess' crotch as she spoke.

Just then the butler came in and announced that dinner was  served.

"Thanks, Carl.  Shall we dine?"

Amid three voices chiming in agreement, the group walked  toward
the large ornate dinning room -- though dinning hall is  probably
more descriptive.  Once there, the multicourse dinner  was served in
a fashion that rivaled the most elegant four star  restaurant; with
servants constantly walking around fussing with  plates and glasses.
They made sure everyone had exactly what  they wanted before they
asked for it.  It ran like clockwork.

Over dessert, Jess changed the topic of conversation to  business.
"The rest of the crew and the entire cast will be here  the day
after tomorrow."

"Who all is here now?"

"Well, Dave, other than the two Jamaican caretakers and us,  we have
three maids, a butler, and a cook, who all switch from my  personal
salary to the company payroll tomorrow.  Max and John,  the pilots,
have taken the plane back to Miami.  They will bring  the cast and
the remaining crew.  Right now Matt is here -- and  one of his
assistants, also.  The assistant comes out of Matt's  expenses,
not ours."

"It sure sounds as if things are off to a good start."

"All arrangements have been made for a comfortable three  month stay,
Sandy.  We should leave here with quite a few top  quality movies."

"Is everything ready for this first one?  Are the supplies  here?"

"Yes, Ariel.  The film has already been delivered -- it came
over last week.  I sent it from New York with Matt, personally.
We'll have no more Super Slut disasters."  Jess was referring to
the time when shooting of the X-rated take off of Supergirl had
to be held up for three days while film was being delivered.

The wholesaler promised the film would be at the Miami  Airport
where Jess's plane was waiting.  When it didn't show up,  Matt and
the director had to spend the next week in a Miami Beach  hotel
making phone calls and waiting for other promised shipments  that
never arrived.  They finally found a new source in Los  Angeles
that had the required amount in stock, and the next day  they were
on their way back to the island.  By this time, the  cast and film
crew had already been on the island for five days  and shooting was
supposed to have begun three days earlier; a  long time in the porn
film business.

"So fill us in, Jess.  I haven't seen this script and I know  that
Sandy and Ariel haven't seen it either."

"Oh, I have seen it, Dave.  I just finished reading it in  Jess's
room while you were in the lab.  It's marvelous."

"Ok, so Ariel has seen it.  What is the story line?"

"Well, Dave, this story takes place in Maine during the  summertime.
We'll use some shots of the eastern shore of the  island to give
the feeling of Maine cliffs.  A newlywed couple  moves to a deserted
shoreline area so the husband can have  privacy as he write his book.
She's a virgin when they marry so  everything she knows about sex
is from him and he's not very good  or imaginative.  She also finds
that she likes it a lot."

"Anyway, during his breaks from the typewriter, he fucks her  quite
often, and she grows use to it.  One day the book is  finished
and he has to go to New York to deliver it to the  publisher.
Since it's his first book and they are poor, she  can't go."

"A horny bitch with no cock."

"Almost, Sandy.  This consumes the first fifteen minutes and  we've
already seen quite a bit of screwing.  Anyway, he's gone  and she
gets desperate -- cucumbers, broom handles, and a few  other things.
Later three college boys on a sailing trip have to  put in at the
cove below her cottage and we get some pretty  erotic footage
of gang sex.  The lady who delivers food and mail  once a week
shows up during this and joins in.  After the husband  comes home
the wife begins taking long walks as he writes.  And  it just so
happens that the sailing college boys have decided to  moor within
a short walk of the cottage.  They also picked up a  college coed
who had planned on spending the summer hiking the  woods of Maine,
but changed her mind when she met the boys."

"Four guys and three girls.  Who did we get?

"Well, Ariel, the story hasn't got much of a plot as you  know
from reading it, but we have Greg 'Cum' Up, and John Waltson  as
two of the guys, along with Sindy, Beverly Bryson, and Tanya  I.
Tyson as the girls.  With this cast we should get great sex.
The two other guys are new but I'm told by Danvers, who will be
directing this, that they practically drag the ground as they  walk,
and their acting is suppose to be decent also."

"You have that butt fucking Danvers directing this?"

"Calm down, Dave.  We have a contract for two more movies  with
the little shit.  He agreed to do both of them this month so  we
have him for the first two.  That way we complete our end of  the
obligation and then the fart is on his own."

"Fuck it, Jess.  Couldn't we just buy him off?"  Dave  slammed his
fist down on the table.

"Dave's right.  That asshole has screwed us all -- and his  type
of screwing doesn't use a cock."

"I know, Ariel.  We've all had our problems with the  bastard,
but we can't buy him off.  Our lawyers have worked this  out and
it's the best we can get.  Besides, everything the  asshole's done
has been a box office smash.  The man has the  magic touch."

"Well don't leave me alone with him near the swimming pool  --
at least until the pictures are made.  I won't be responsible  for
my actions."

"We're stuck with this, Dave, so make the best of it.  Be as  nice
as you can be.  Try anyway."

"Ok, I'll be civilized, but it won't be easy.  So when does  Mr.
God arrive?"

"First thing tomorrow."

"Well at least Sindy will be here to help brighten the  place.
It's been over a year since she was here for a film.  I'd  love to
fuck her again."

"After the film is over, Dave."  Sandy reached over and  grabbed
his crotch and gave it a little squeeze.  "I guess I'll  have to
make sure you don't have enough energy to waste our  star's pussy."

"Who plays the wife, Jess?

"Tanya... a new sensation from the west coast... a real  fucker...
and a body that won't quit."

"But that seems to be the biggest role -- the most fucking  is what
I mean.  Shouldn't Sindy or Bev have that one?  They are  the bigger
boxoffice draws."

"And we're going to make Tanya a big boxoffice draw with  this
film, Dave.  Besides, Tanya was chosen to play the wife  because
she looks younger than the other two -- but don't tell  them I
said that."  They all chuckled.  "Danvers feels that she  will make
the more convincing virgin bride as she discovers sex.   He's used
her before in a similar role with success."

The conversation drifted to other business matters of  concern
to the film production company.  Jess gave a short  summary of
the financial position, which was great.  Ariel  discussed the
current state of the distribution side of the  business, which
included the present law suit in two major  midwestern cities over
the opening of Satin Sex which seemed to  have pushed the limits of
pornography in those two cities.  Sandy  presented a short review of
copyright talks that were going on  with a major cable TV company,
and Dave gave a general management  review of the entire operation.
When Dave had finished, Carl  came into the dining room and announced
that coffee and tea were  now in the library.

"Well, shall we adjourn to the library?"  Jess got up,  followed
by the other three, and left the room.

FOUR

"Thank you, Roger.  Thank you, Janice.  You two may be  excused
for the evening."

"Yes, sir," they said in unison.  They bowed toward Jess and  left
the room.

Roger had been busy rolling and stacking a small boxfull of  joints.
The  marijuana had been grown on the island from the  best Colombian
seeds Jess could find.  Roger, the head Jamaican,  had cultivated,
harvested, and cured the pot to perfection.  It  was said to
be the best ever smoked by almost every visitor to  the island.
Roger took great pride in supplying Jess and his  guests with a
lasting quantity of tight, evenly rolled joints.

Janice, another maid, had set out a fresh supply of ice and  made
sure the liquor cabinet was fully stocked.  Janice also  enjoyed
filling in as an extra in the films whenever a group  larger than
the regular cast was needed.  Her large fully shaped  breasts,
slender body, and true love of sex made her a natural,  but she
refused to act on a regular basis.

The four came into the library.  Dave and Ariel sat on a  love
seat in the center of the room. Jess and Sandy made  themselves
comfortable in adjoining chairs across from the love  seat.

"When does the show start?"

"Soon, Sandy.  Matt should have the film ready any minute."

"And ready it is, Dave."  Matt entered the library holding a  small
reel of 16mm film.  He exited through a narrow arch in the  rear of
the room and climb a short flight of stairs to the  projection booth.
Dave had taken this time to pour drinks for  everyone and sat down
next to Ariel again.

"Oh, my.  I can't wait."  Sandy started removing her  clothing and
Jess reached for one of the joints.

"Well, let's light up and enjoy this."  Jess lit the joint  with
the gold plated butane lighter sitting next to the box.  He  took
a deep drag and passed it to Sandy.

As Sandy sucked in the sweet smelling smoke, she softly  stroked her
pussy, which was now exposed for all to see and  admire.  Jess lit
another and passed it across to Dave.  Dave  drew in a large toke
and then placed the lit end in his mouth.   Moving very close to
Ariel, he forced smoke into her mouth as she  sucked very hard.

"What a shotgun," she said, trying not to let any of the  smoke out.

"Good grass, Jess.  Give my complements to your gardener."

As the two joints quickly burned down, the remaining three  managed
to wriggle out of their clothing.  By this time, Matt had  dimmed
the lights and started the projector.

"Look at Jess's cock.  It's hard as a rock, poking out from  his
jeans."  She pointed to the screen as the movie flickered on.

"Tell me about it, Ariel, that rod was in me you know."   Sandy
rubbed her clit harder as she watched Jess remove his pants  and
move toward her.

Jess's cock was also reacting to the scene on the screen.   As his
movie cock was sucked up by Sandy's mouth, his living cock  jumped
to and fro.  Her hand stroked up and down on the  glistening shaft
as it dove deep into her mouth and reappeared.   Soon, Sandy began
to mimic the movie as closely as she could  while still watching it.

Two more joints were smoked as the four gazed at the screen.
By the time the reel had ended, Sandy was sitting on Jess's lap
with her cunt wrapped snugly around his pumping dick.  Dave and
Ariel were not sitting still either.  Ariel had another joint in
her mouth and Dave's prick in her ass.  They were hopping around
on the love seat as it slowly bounced along the floor.

"God, shove that cock in my ass.  Ooooooh, that feels soooo  gooood.
Fuck my ass!  Harder!"  She screamed during the exhales  of the
pot smoke.

The ten inch cock rammed deeply into the hole and quickly  withdrew.
Ariel used her legs to speed the process as Dave just  guided and
swiveled.  In and out, up and down her ass would smack  against his
thighs as she would bottom out with the dick as far  as it would
go into her asshole.

"You said you wanted it and boy are you taking it.  Your ass  is
so relaxed and soft."

Ariel and Dave slowly slid onto the floor with Ariel on her  hands
and knees and Dave still pumping her ass from behind.  Jess  and
Sandy had gotten up and Sandy moved an ottoman from one of  the
chairs and placed it under Ariel's head.

"Thank you, sweets."

"It's not only for you, my dear.  It's for me too."  Sandy  sat on
it and leaned back so that her cunt was inches from  Ariel's mouth.

"Oh, I see, you little devil."  And she proceeded to lick  the
juicy pussy in front of her.

Jess then placed another ottoman under Sandy's back and  straddled
her so that his throbbing cock was near her mouth.  So  as Dave
rammed his shaft into Ariel, she attacked Sandy's pussy  and Sandy
gave Jess the best blowjob he had that day.  The  moaning became
very loud even though the two biggest moaners had  their mouth full
of sexual organs.  As Dave fucked her ass, Ariel  would get more
aggressive with Sandy's cunt;  sticking her tongue  deep into the
hole then lapping roughly at the lips with a final  lick all along
the area from the asshole to the clit and beyond.  

Sandy just sucked and sucked.  Jess's long dick would ram  against
the back of her throat and with a gentle push be  swallowed until
the whole nine inches passed her lips.  This is  where it was as
hot, white sperm shot from its tip.  The forcing  of this cum into
her throat caused Sandy to swallow  involuntarily, sending waves
of pleasure throughout Jess.

Before long Sandy had to pull her pussy away from Ariel's  active
mouth.  Her pleasure became too intense as Ariel began to  feel her
own orgasm coming on.  She had reached her hand down to  her pussy
and managed to bury four fingers into it, even with  Dave's large
cock taking up so much room from the other side of  the thin wall.

Dave began shooting off; squirting the warm goo into her as  she
nearly collapsed from the pleasure.  With several more pumps  to
enhance the feeling, he slowly withdrew his prick from her  ass.
He brought it out before it shrank too much so that Ariel  got the
maximum pleasure from the bulbous head slipping by her  sphincter
muscle.

When his cock was completely out of Ariel's ass, Dave went  over
to the bar sink and washed his cock with a wet towel.  He  then
came back to Ariel, who was still on all fours, and pushed  the
shaft into her cunt.  She gulped at the forceful rod  penetrating
her womanliness but soon recovered enough to swivel  her pelvis
in circles.  Dave placed his hand on her well worn ass  and
began reaming her asshole to help soothe the still pulsing  area.
Slowly he penetrated again with his fingers.  Ariel was  nearly
screaming with excited pleasure and enhanced her own  orgasm by
squeezing her breasts with one hand as she held herself  off the
ground with the other.  First one large tit, and then the  other.

Jess, in the mean time had gotten another drink and was  slowly
pouring, ever so gently into the opening of Sandy's pussy.   Sandy
held the lips apart as Jess poured the drink.  He then  lapped and
sucked the liquid out of the pink cavity, tasting the  sweet sex
juice that was mixing with the alcohol.  And following  Dave's lead,
he also had two fingers sliding around inside  Sandy's tight ass.

The whole glass was gone before Sandy could take it no  longer and
rammed three of her own fingers into the cavity which  was still wet
with a fruity alcohol.  Her hand battled with  Jess's tongue over
territorial rights to the cunt and clit.  The  tongue soon won out
with the help of extra movement by now three  fingers in her ass.
Sandy just stretched back on the two  ottomans and let the muscular
man have his way.  He now pushed  four fingers into her rear with
the thumb in her pussy, and of  course his tongue lapping away at
her clit.  She was ecstatic!

Meanwhile, Ariel had nearly collapsed under Dave, who  eventually
pulled his cock out of her.  As she lay in a near  faint, Dave
lit another joint, toked a few times and placed it in  her mouth.
She laid motionless on the floor sucking in the  pleasurable smoke
and slowly exhaling.

"Thanks," she whispered.

"For a fuck like that, you deserve everything, my love."

Dave's ten inches were still fully extended and wanting more  action.
He crawled over to Sandy and Jess and stood above her  mouth.
Just like the sex machine that she is, she sucked and  licked up
and down the long stiff rod.

"But I want more than this," she said.

"Anything, sweets.  Name it."

"Lay on your back, Dave."

Dave moved out into the open space in to room a little and  proceeded
to lay on his back.  Sandy pulled away from Jess's busy  hands and
walked on her hands and knees over to him.

"I'm going to fuck you.  Really fuck you."

On  her way over she picked up another joint and lit it.   When she
got to Dave's naked body, she licked his cock some more  and handed
the joint to him.  With her tongue out she worked her  way up his
torso and planted her tongue in his mouth.  He then  exhaled the
large lungful of pot smoke as she inhaled.

"Put your cock in me, Dave.  Fuck my cunt."

Dave did as he was told.  Then passed the joint to her.

"Ok, Jess, now my ass.  Put your dick in my ass.  Fuck my  asshole.
Fuck it like you love it."

"My pleasure.  I never turn down a big breasted woman who  asks
for a fuck."

"I'll bet you don't.  Fuck me!"  She handed him the joint as  he
knelt behind her.

With Dave's cock in her pussy, she spread her legs a little
more and pushed her ass as far as she could into the air.  Jess,
took a deep toke on the joint and then began to slide his nine
inch joint into her.  Dave stopped his pumping as Jess entered,
allowing their host to smoothly shove his cock in Sandy's ass.
When it bottomed out, he held it there giving Dave the  opportunity
to push his cock to the limits of her cunt.

"That's it.  Two cocks.  I love it.  Fucked by two cocks.
Stay still for awhile and let me do the fucking for a moment."

"Whatever you say."  Jess placed held the joint to her lips  and
she sucked in for what seemed like an eternity; finishing off  most
of the joint.

Ariel had finished her own joint at this time and was lying  on
her side watching the show.  "This is fantastic.  I love  seeing
both cocks in her."  She slowly rubbed her breasts with  one hand
and her pussy with the other.  "I want some too."

"Not until I'm completely through, Ariel.  Not till I'm  fucked
to death."

Sandy first rocked forward and back making both men slide in  and
out together.  Very slowly at first while her two holes  stretched
to match the size of the massive dicks.  Then she got  faster and
faster; pushing both cocks in and pulling them out at  the same time.
In and out.  In and out.  Fucking at its best.

Then she slowed the rocking motion and began pumping her  hips back
and forth.  This made the two pricks move in opposite  direction.
As Jess's cock would slide deep into her ass, Dave's  cock would be
sliding out of her pussy.  This too she started  slowly and then
built speed.  Then she started rocking and  pumping so that both
cocks were moving through her love holes  with incredible speed
and agility.

"Now start.  Start moving.  Start fucking me."  Sandy's eyes  were
rolling up as she felt the ecstasy.  "Jess.  Fuck my ass.   Dave.
Fuck my pussy.  Fuck me.  Both of you, fuck me.  Fuck me!   Oh!  Oh!
Oh! my, fuck me!  FUCK ME!"

The two guys began moving independently of the horny woman.
Screwing her with all the gusto they could muster.  Dave's cock
rammed into her cunt as Jess would be pulling out of her ass.
With a little pause on Jess's part, they would then slid into her
at the same time; filling her ass and cunt together.  Sandy could
only gasp with the word fuck being the only intelligible thing
coming from her mouth.

Ariel could stand looking on no more.  She got up and went  over to
the bar.  After downing another short drink, she opened a  drawer
near the sink and pulled out a twelve inch dildo.  She  squeezed it
against her voluptuous bare breasts as she steadied  herself from
the jolt of another drink.  When the immediate  wooziness passed
she walked over to the threesome, who were  nowhere near ending
their double pleasure.

She lit the last joint and and took turns blowing shotguns  into each
of the three dripping mouths; stopping only to take a  toke herself.
When the joint was gone, she laid down next to the  group and
fondled Sandy's melon shaped tits.  Sandy just  continued to moan.

Rolling over onto her back, she started licking the fake  cock and
deep throating it as far as she could.  Most of the  twelve inches
eventually was buried in her mouth.  Ariel then  brought the dildo
down to her own pussy and began rubbing it  against the lips of her
dripping vagina.  When the toy was slick  enough she slid it into
her cunt and pumped it in and out.  Being  longer and thicker than
either Jess or Dave, it gave her a  special pleasure.

"Fuck me, my plastic lover!"  Ariel pushed the fake cock  until
her fist, which was wrapped around a handle on the end,  pounded
into her clitorus.

The whole twelve inches was in her cunt!  She gasped and  rolled
around on the floor with the rubber giant buried in her;  filling
her to the very bottom reaches of her juicy tunnel.  For  several
minutes she continued to keep pressure on the dildo, not  letting it
back off of her inner walls even the slightest  fraction of an inch.
As Sandy lay on top of one large cock, with  a second deep in her
ass, Ariel had her own set of orgasms.  Her  moans and screams
matched Sandy's decibel for decibel.

Finally Sandy had enough of the nine inch shaft in her ass  and
grudgingly had Jess remove it.  He fell back after her  asshole
released its grip.  Landing on his own ass near the  coffee table,
he downed the rest of his drink.

"Mine now, Jess!"  Ariel's voice was a very high pitched  squeak.

Jess got up and scooted over to the writhing mass of  sexuality.
Ariel had rolled over to her knees, still keeping the  twelve inch
dildo in her cunt.  Jess sat behind her and sprawled  his legs to
either side of her.  She stood on her feet with her  knees staying
bent and gently sat back on Jess's lap.  With some  guidance from
Jess, she was able to position her ass just above  the hard rod.
Slowly she sat down, shoving the cock into her  ass; the rubber
cock still deep in her pussy.  When she had put  all of her weight
on Jess, she stretched her legs out beside his  keeping her knees
bent slightly.

"Ooooooh, I like the way you move, Ariel, my sweet cunt."

Ariel just sat on his cock rolled her butt around and  sliding the
dildo in and out of her dripping pussy.

"Just keep it hard for me, stud."

Sandy just about collapsed about this time so Dave pulled  his ten
incher out of her smooth and silky tunnel.  She  immediately fell
to the ground and rolled over on to her back  grinning the biggest
smile Dave had ever seen.  Her hand went  instinctively to her clit
and gently massaged it with her open  palm.

Not to be left unfulfilled, Dave stepped over to Ariel and  Jess and
stood in front of Ariel with his hard glistening cock,  dripping
with Sandy's juice, bobbing up and down and brushing her  face.
She took one hand off the dildo to give him a hand job and  then,
while still rhythmically fucking herself with the twelve  inch
rubber love machine, guided the cock into her mouth and  proceeded
with a blowjob.

"Let me handle this, Sweets."  Jess reached around her   slender
waist and started helping her with the dildo.  This  action
left both of her hands free for other things.

She first used them both to rub Dave's cock but then dropped  one
to her own breasts and massaged them delightfully.  She still
kept up the movement on Jess's lap which caused his cock to slide
pleasurably around in her asshole.  Several minutes later she was
deep in the most pleasant of orgasms.  Her soul was a million
miles away as the tingling sprouted from her asshole and cunt at
the same time.  The feeling was shooting up her belly into her
soft round breasts.  It was shooting down her thighs to her toes.
It went out her arms to her fingers causing them to give extra
energy to the breasts she was massaging and the cock she was  jacking
off and sucking.

Ariel was so far gone from the rest of the occupants of the  sex
chamber that she didn't even notice as Dave pulled his cock  from
her mouth and shot a wad of cum all over her face.  The  white sperm
dripped down her cheeks, from her right ear, off her  chin, and into
her mouth.  She just licked at it absent mindedly  and  guided the
dripping cock back into her mouth.  Her eyes  never opened once;
her hands never stopped moving, and her  pumping motion never
ceased from Jess's cock.  Likewise, Jess  never let the dildo's
movement subside.

Soon Jess too reached an orgasm and shot quite a load of cum  into
Ariel's ass.  He pulled his cock from the depths and shot  again,
up her back.  The semen splashed all the way to the back  of her
head, dripping gumlike from her hair.  She leaned forward  and fell
face down on the soft carpeted floor.  The dildo still  in her.

"Take it out slowly, Jess."

Jess did just that.  Ever so slowly he pulled the twelve  inch
shaft of rubber from her.  She screeched as it came out.   The four
just laid there.  Jess and Dave found places on the  floor also.
Dave lay with his head buried in Ariel crotch  lapping at her
pulsating clitorus.  Jess did likewise with Sandy.

Two maids entered the room and began cleaning around them.   They
removed the used glasses and ash trays and poured four fresh  drinks.
And without disturbing the orgy, cleaned any mess that  was caused
and left the room.

FIVE

Just after the break of dawn, a small Learjet touched down  on the
island's runway.  Charles 'Chuck Fuck' Danvers emerged  carrying
two suitcases and walked over to the line shack.  He  waved to
the Pilot, who then restarted the port engine, which was  the
only one he shut down, taxied back onto the runway and took  off.
Danvers dropped his luggage, pressed the buzzer near the  door
of the shack which let someone in the house know he was  there,
and then walked toward the castle.

Once there he headed for the room in the main studio which  he
knew was reserved for the director.  He took out a small vial
of white powder,  placed in under his left nostril and sniffed.
He repeated the process with the right nostril and then proceeded
to examine and markup a script he had with him.

Later in the morning, Jess and Dave were down for breakfast  and
then had left for the studio, located in one of the new wings
of the castle.  They had already been working on the last minute
changes and details of production with Danvers and Matt when,  they
heard a small plane come in for a landing on the airstrip  behind
the mansion.  They all went out to see who was paying them  a visit.

Taxiing down the runway was a single engine Cessna.  Two  people
were in the four seat airplane.  It turned toward the  hanger where
Jess and the other were standing.  When it rolled to  a stop, Jess
recognized Greg Up in the left hand seat but the  girl next to him
was partially hidden from view by the door  frame.  The plane came to
a stop, the engine shut down, and Greg  jumped out.  He was wearing a
pair of short cutoffs and no shirt.   The girl soon stepped out and
the four saw that she was  completely naked.  Her colossal bouncing
breasts caught their  eyes so that she was almost around the plane
and next to Greg  before they saw that it was Tanya Tyson; Tanya I.
Tyson, TIT for  short and for two very obvious reasons.

Greg reached his hand out to Tanya, gave her a big kiss and  they
walked toward the group on the tarmac.

"My God!  Have you ever fucked in one of these teeny  planes?" was
the first thing Tanya said as they reached the  group.  "Gregy had a
hard time keeping it level as I sat on him,  and those airpockets.
Wow!"  She grabbed her crotch and squeezed  with her legs held
tightly together.

"Hello, Jess, Dave.  And hello Mr. Danvers."

"Call me Chuck, Greg,"  said the director.  "And you, Tanya,  can
call me anything you want -- as you always do."

"Greg, Tanya, this is Matt Giesler.  He's the production  assistant
and he runs the film lab -- he's also the lead camera  and light
man."

The appropriate handshakes were made and the six then walked  back
to the studio.  Roger and his Jamaican helper were already  heading
toward the house with the luggage from the plane.  When  they reached
the studio, Jess picked up a short robe and handed  it to Tanya.

"Here, love, put this on.  You're making me too hot with  that
available bod.  If you don't cover it a bit I won't be able  to
get anymore work done until I fuck you."

"Anytime, Jess," she answered.

But she still put the robe on; it barely covered her pussy  and
her breasts were so large that the robe hung away from her  body,
giving everyone a great view with each slight movement of  her body.
She seemed to enjoy the effect and no one seemed to  mind.  Each one
knew that they would fuck her many times before  she left the island;
she knew it too.  She smiled.

"All pleasure aside, why are you two here so early?"

"The mainland got a little boring so Tanya and I decided to  hop
around the islands for a week or so.  We've been to the  Bahamas, the
Virgin Islands, and a few of the smaller ones.  We  found a really
neat resort for the more liberal minded among us.   It catered to
our every sexual fantasy.  It was fan-fucking-  tastic -- orgies on
the beach every afternoon, hot tubs and pools  in the evening, and
saunas afterwards.  You pay for the week and  every pleasure is free.
We only stayed for three days, but we'll  catch up on the way back.
Didn't want to wear ourselves out, you  know.  So we came here a
day early."

"As long as you're here, we might as well get started.  Here  are a
couple of scripts, we still have a few changes but  basically it's
going to shoot as is."

Jess handed a script to each of the newcomers.  They went  off to
a corner of the studio and began reading it.  The others  sat just
off stage in the chairs that were always there.  They  each had a
script and began discussing it.

Meanwhile back upstairs, Sandy had finally succumbed to the
sunlight, which was coming from a high angle in the sky, and
opened her eyes.  A quick look around told her where she was and
a smile grew on her face.  With a swift roll, she climbed off the
bed and went into the bathroom to freshen up.  Then, still nude,
she walked into hallway and across to Ariel's room.

Ariel had just awakened from the noise of the plane landing  and
rolled over to greet Sandy.  Sandy leaned over the bed and  gave
her a big kiss.  Ariel's tongue struck out at the luscious  mouth
and the two sexy ladies fell back onto the bed.  Ariel's  left hand
glided swiftly down Sandy's silky body, stopping long  enough to
kneed her breast until the nipple was very erect.  She  then let
her hand slide down the slender belly to the triangle of  hair
between the tender thighs.

Sandy helped by parting her legs and rolling over on her  back.
She then grabbed the hand and forced it to rub her  clitorus.

"Do it like only a woman can.  Please send me off."

Ariel pushed two fingers into Sandy's cunt, gently sliding  them
in and out.  Her mouth now relinquished the tongue she had  been
sucking, only to move to the nipple she had made hard.  She  sucked
on the nipple causing it to grow even harder as she put  three
fingers into the pussy.  In and out.  In and out,  the four  fingers
went, with a gasp from Sandy.

"Can I do it all, love?"

"Yes!, do it all.  Please go all the way."

"Beg me to do it."

"Do it.  Please do it."

"Beg.  What do you want me to do?"

"Stick it in me."

"Ask me, Sandy.  Beg me."

"Please stick your fist in me.  Fist fuck me, Ariel, my  love."

Ariel began working her thumb into the tight hole.

"Push your fist into me."

"And what do I get, love?"

"I'll lick your pussy for hours.  I'll lick your asshole for
hours."

"Ooooh, sounds fun.  And then what?

"I'll Stick my tongue in your ass and then I'll bite your  nipples."

Ariel gave a gentle shove and her hand disappeared into the  womanly
depths of Sandy's body.  Her pussy was wrapped tightly  around
Ariel's wrist.  Ariel began pushing in and out, going in a  little
farther each time.

"Oh, my God!  Fuck me!  Your fist!  Ariel!  Fuck!  Push it!"

Ariel pushed her fist in almost to her elbow and pulled out  to
her wrist.  Then she did it again, and again, and again.  Each  pump
was a little faster than before.

"Go!  Fist fuck me!"

Sandy rolled over onto her hands and knees and began helping
with the pumping.  She also fondled her breasts and took turns
with Ariel, rubbing her clit.  Soon she was buried deeply in a
wonderful orgasm.

"Slowly now.  Slow down and pull it out gently.  I want this  to
last awhile."

Ariel pulled her fist out of the other girl's pussy and  began
slowly licking the still pumping, swollen area covered with  hair.
Sandy rolled onto her back again to rest.

"Your turn," Sandy said with a smile.

"Do it to me!"

Ariel climbed over Sandy's shoulders and bent down to lick  her
pussy in the standard sixty-nine fashion.  Sandy then forced  her
arms over Ariel's legs, thus pushing Ariel more toward her  feet.
In this position, Sandy could lick her pussy as well as  her ass,
with no trouble at all.

Sandy then pulled down on Ariel's back, pushing her ass  closer to
Sandy's face.  Out went her tongue as the cheeks of  Ariel's ass made
contact with the cheeks of Sandy's face.   Sandy's tongue pushed
directly into the asshole, almost two  inches deep.  Ariel moaned
and did likewise to the pussy at her  mouth.  Sandy wiggled her
tongue as she pushed two fingers into  the pussy on the other side.

The two girls went at each other for quite a few minutes  before
a maid came into the room.

"Excuse me, Madams, but Mr.  Bridgewell said that I should  wake
you if you weren't down by noon.  It's just after noon now."

"Finish this pussy for me, Meg."  Ariel had bent upward  keeping
her ass in Sandy's face.

Meg, the maid, came over to the bed and climbed between  Sandy's
legs.  With a swift motion, she shoved a thumb into the  wide open
pussy and a finger in the asshole beneath it.  She then  placed
her mouth over the cunt hole and began moving thumb,  finger, and
tongue all at once.  Sandy's mouth went wild on  Ariel's ass as
she came again at the expert hands of the maid.   Ariel came too,
as her pussy dripped all over Sandy's chest and  down her breast.

When the ordeal was over, the two thanked Meg and got up to  clean
themselves before heading down to breakfast.  Meg  straightened
the bed and left.

"Good morning, Sandy," Ariel said as she brought her head up  from
the wash basin.

"Great morning, Ariel."

One more kiss, and the two went downstairs to breakfast.   And within
a half hour they had joined the others in the studio.   Soon the
talk was about the shooting schedule and other  arrangements of
the filming of Diary of a Horny Housewife.

"So tomorrow the rest of the cast will arrive and the next  day we
start shooting the fuck scenes and then every morning we  continue
with them.  In the afternoons we shoot the straight  scenes.
This will keep us from tiring out the stars too much."

"Ok, Chuck, but what about Tanya and Greg, since they're  here we
could go ahead and get their fuck scenes out of the way.   that
would put us more than a day ahead of schedule."

"Sounds good to me, Dave.  Let's ask them -- they might be a  little
beat after the plane flight, but we could start them  tomorrow at
the latest.  That's still ahead of schedule."

Jess looked over to where the two stars were and saw them  busily
engaged in acting out the stage directions from the  script; but
it wasn't their scene.  Greg had Tanya bent over a  folding chair;
the script actually called for a stuffed chair.   Her ass was high in
the air and Greg's enormous shaft was poking  straight out toward her
wonting pussy.  With a few brushes of her  clit with the head of his
cock, Greg teased her until the juice  was dripping noticeably from
her cunt.  He then slipped the shaft  into her and began fucking
her with all his might.  The cock  drove in deep and pulled out,
glistening with moisture.

Tanya rubbed her breasts and then moved her hands down to  the
rod protruding from her body.  She circled it with her hands  and
stroked it as it moved within her cunt.  She brushed his  balls as
he had brushed her clit.

Their voices couldn't be heard but it was obvious that they  were
enjoying themselves and had lost track of the script.  Jess  walked
over to them.

"If you two can't keep from acting out the story, how about  starting
the filming today?"

"I'd love it!" exclaimed Tanya.

"Ok by me," said Greg.

"Then don't wear yourselves out until we load up the  cameras.
Matt will need some time to set up equipment.  So stop  your
fucking, go get something to eat and meet back here in one  hour.
We'll start on page 23.  You two are alone there."

The two sex stars broke away and left without bothering to  put their
clothing on.  The rest of the group pitched in to set  up the stage.
The scene was to be outside on the beach near the  sailboat which
housed the college boys.  Greg was one of the  boys.

They loaded up three electric carts with equipment and  headed
over to the cliffs.  At the island's rocky edge they set  up for
the long shots, then moved the rest of the equipment down  to the
beach for the close ups.

SIX

The warm ocean breeze was rippling the water just at the  edge
of the shore.  It continued up the beach, blowing over the  two
embracing bodies.  The couple was rolling over and over on  the sand
of the beach just below the cliff.  They stopped with  the girl on
the bottom, her legs wrapped tightly around the boy.   His growing
cock dragging in the sand as it climbed toward a  ready pussy.

The girl rolled the guy off of her and continues onto her  knees.
The guy fell onto his back just as she bent over his  fully
outstretched dick.  Brushing the sand off with her hands,  she
licked the remaining grains off with her tongue.  As it  jumped
up and down, she gulped it into her mouth and sucked it  deep.
It reached the back of her mouth with a jolt.

Relaxing a bit, she slowly forced it into her throat.  The  long
slender rod slipped easily several inches into her throat.
She pulled back letting it slip from her throat and almost all  the
way out of her mouth.  A little chewing and licking on the  head
and she sucked down on it again.  Again it when into her  throat,
and again she pulled it out and chewed on the head.  Over  and over
this happened.

The cameras were almost unnoticed by the two actors making  love
on the beach.  As the blowjob got under way, they moved in  for
a closer shot,  By the time she deep-throated the stiff  prick,
the cameras were in for just a face and cock view of the  action.
For several long seconds on film you'd see the cock  disappearing
into the tiny mouth as it slipped, for what seems  like a long time,
down into the throat.

Greg pulled Tanya's head off his cock and began french  kissing her
as he rolled her over onto her back.  Once there he  moved his moist
cock to her juicy cunt and pushed it in.  It slid  into the pussy
just as easily as it went in her mouth.  In it  went, until it was
completely buried in the love nest.  Then out  it would come until
you'd swear it would fall out.  Then in.   Then out.  In.  Out.  In!
Out!  In!  Out!  In-out!  In-out-in-  out-in-out-in-out!  And the
white semen sprayed from the tip of  the pulsating cock, splashing
against the erect and quivering  clitorus.  A slight relaxing as it
reloaded, and another spray of  cum landed a little higher.  It hit
first on her belly and  spilled all the way to her massive breasts.
The third spray was  the biggest and shot up to her face, where she
stuck her tongue  out in order to catch some.  It landed mostly on
her right cheek  and a little in her mouth.  She managed to lick
the biggest part  of it and bring it into her mouth.

One more little spray and he shoved it back into the open  hole.
He fucked her for several more minutes before the director  yelled.

"Cut!  Beautiful.  Take a break."

The pair slowly got up from the sandy beach and helped brush  each
other off.  They embraced, kissed, and then walked up to the  picnic
tables which were set up with most of the supplies and  some drinks.
A few minutes later, Danvers came over to discuss  the next scene.

The afternoon continued in the same manner with Greg and  Tanya
fucking and sucking quite a few more times.  And much to  Danver's
satisfaction, Greg was able to squirt an impressive  amount of cum
into the air, and onto some part of Tanya, every  time; but that was
what made him a big name in the business.   Tanya was in top form
also, as she handled the cock sucking and  fucking as if she were,
indeed, a very horny, sex starved woman.   Nymphomania was named
for girls like her.

When the filming was over, Dave and Ariel were found on the  picnic
table fucking the daylights out of each other.  Ariel was  laying
on the table with her pussy at the edge and her legs  hanging down.
Dave was standing between her dangling legs with  his cock pumping
in and out of her cunt.  The two were ramming so  hard that Ariel
had to hold onto the table to keep from moving.   Dave placed
his hands on the upper part of her thighs, near her  waist.
By doing this he could pull her into him as he pushed  into her.
They enjoyed maximum penetration this way.

Sandy was also on the beach and had managed to pull Danvers'  dick
from his jeans as he gave last minute instructions to the  skeleton
crew they had rounded up.  She was able to make it hard  and was
busying herself giving Danvers and wonderful blowjob.   But not to
be left out, Jess pulled off his pants and stood next  to Danvers.
Sandy stroked his cock while she sucked Danvers.   Soon she traded
and began sucking Jess.  And every few strokes  she would switch,
until they both began to climax.  Danvers'  shaft was deep in her
mouth as it began shooting and Jess  splashed sperm all over her
hair as she sucked and rubbed harder  still.

Ariel had come by this time and Dave left a large supply of  white
cum in her cunt.  He pulled his reddened prick from the  dripping
pussy and helped Ariel to her feet.  The others had  already started
packing the gear onto the carts.  Soon the cast  and crew were
heading back to the mansion.

"Well, that footage should be usable for two of the scenes  we need."
Danvers discussed the remaining shots of Tanya and  Greg that could
be shot today.

"Then, Jess, we shoot the interior scene of Greg watching  Tanya
masturbate with her assorted vegetables, and then he comes  in
through the window and strips, keeping out of Tanya's view.
He makes himself very hard and then gets her attention.  She is
frightened at first, but her horniness overcomes her fright and
she must have that cock.  Without a word, she jumps up and kneels
at Greg's feet and sucks the huge prick into her mouth."

The talk resumed along those lines until they reached the  mansion.
Once there, the crew set up the cameras and lights on  one of the
many sound stages and proceeded to make the set look  like the
interior of a small cottage.  The others had gone to  various parts
of the mansion to eat, get some rest, and prepare  for more shots
as well as other things.  In an hour most of them  had returned.

When the crew was finished, Tanya came on to the set with  several
cucumbers, a banana, an ear of corn, carrots, and several  other
long and slender vegetables.  She had been warming them up  since
removing them from the refrigerator.  She laid them out on  the
coffee table and took off the shorts she had put on; she had
no top.  Using plenty of oil, she greased up all the articles and
proceeded to work each one into her cunt.  One after the other,
she forced the long shafts into her deep hole.  Back and forth --
in and out they went.  When she had properly lubricated  everything,
the director called for the action to begin.

The scene went as planned, with Greg and Tanya finally  fucking
each others brains out on the floor of the little  cottage.
The vegetables had been well used through out the  scene, and for
the closing shot, Greg, with his cock still in  Tanya, grabbed a
cucumber and shoved it up her ass.  She in turn,  grabbed an even
larger one and shoved it in his ass.  The pair  squirmed around the
room with the three shafts -- Greg's cock and  two cucumbers --
sliding in and out of three holes.  This lasted  until Greg was
about to cum.  Without removing the cucumbers from  either ass,
he pulled his cock out of her pussy and leaned over  her head so
that the semen squirted all over her face.  She  smiled and licked
it off all the places she could reach with her  tongue.

"Who are you?" asked the housewife.

"Just a student.  My friends and I are sailing up and down  the
coast of Maine for the summer and happened to pull into the  cove
here for the weekend.  I was going to look for someplace to  buy
food when I passed by your cabin.  I heard your moans of  pleasure
and felt compelled to take a look.  When I saw that you  were only
get off on fruit and vegetables, I decided that I must  fuck you."

"I really needed that.  You see, my husband is away for the  first
time since we were married and I just can't live without  sex.
Can you fuck me again?  My husband won't be home for a week  and
I need it badly."

"Anytime, lovely lady."

"You said you had some friends with you?"

"Yes, two other guys from college, we're spending the summer
together on my sail boat.  It's in the cove below the cliff."

"Two guys? and you? that would make three!  I've never had  three!
I've never had two!  Could you bring them along?  I need  all the
cock I can get.  Please, bring them along!"

"I've got a better idea.  Drive me to the store so I can
reprovision, and then I'll take you to the boat."

"I'm sorry, but I can't.  I have no car.  We get our  groceries
from the postmistress who also runs the store in town.   It's a
thirty mile walk from here.  I'll call her up and order  your food,
if you'll go and get your friends."

"It's a deal." Greg got up, dressed and climbed out the set  window.

"Cut!"

This was the last scene that could be shot with just Greg  and Tanya
so the crew shut down for the day and everyone else  cleaned up and
went into the main part of the mansion, where  dinner had already
been prepared.

"Three important scenes out of the way and official shooting  time
has not even started.  That's what I call a good day."

"I would too, Chuck, and actually, the beach scene could be  used
for several scenes, not to mention filler in some of our  other
films," said Jess.

A chorus of agreement rose among the four producers, two  actors, and
director.  Each one wanted to get back to the castle  for a little
food, some of Jess's good supply of drugs, and non-  scripted sex.
Little did any of them realize that today would  not end as happily
as it had started.

SEVEN

Matt and his assistant spent the evening in the lab,  developing the
day's film.  Carl and Sylvia prepared the den for  the evening's
sex games, for those that would be joining in the  festivities.
Janice and Meg stocked the bar in the library and  made sure each
room had a supply of booze, pot, and cocaine.   This was the standard
procedure anytime a movie was being made.   Since the plane would
be returning tomorrow with the cast and  crew of the first film,
tonight was when all the preparations had  to be made.

After the early dinner, everyone went their own way to  freshen
up or get some rest.  The servants were still involved in  the
preparations for tomorrow.

"Are those bottles full, Sylvia?" asked Carl the butler.

"Yes.  I filled each decanter from a fresh bottle.  The ice  machine
is running and there are plenty of cubes in the tray  now."

"Then I say it's time for a break."  Carl unzipped his  trousers
and let them fall to the floor.

"I like that idea."  Sylvia pulled up her short skirt  revealing
her pantyless crotch.

Carl stepped out of his pants and tore off his underwear.
As he moved closer to Sylvia, he removed his coat and shirt in
one continuous motion.  Bending to his knees, he moved his head
under Sylvia's lifted skirt and buried his face in her love nest.
The sweet smell of her pussy drove him crazy as he rubbed his  face
in the moist hair.

He slid his nose up her slit and circled her clitorus.   Sylvia's
knees began to weaken as he raised a little farther and  brought
his tongue into the act.  He thrust his wriggling muscle  into her
opening.  She gulped and let out a high pitched sigh as  he poked
it in and out with the rough top brushing her clit.  He  then gently
licked around the whole area with the smooth bottom  of his tongue.

While circling her cunt, he brought a finger up to his mouth  and
wet it.  Slowly he slid it into her pussy and moved it around  as
he continued to lick her bulbous joy spot.  Moving ever so  slowly,
he then slid the finger down from her pussy and under  until he was
bringing it up the crack between the cheeks of her  ass.  She moaned
and allowed her legs to buckle a little more as  Carl then pushed
the digit into her asshole.  In it went to the  first knuckle,
where he stopped and rubbed the muscular flesh as  it loosened up.

He then pushed to the second knuckle and continued the  loosening
process until, finally, it was all the way in.  His  thumb then
joined his tongue in exciting her cunt.  He licked and  moved his
hand around her whole crotch.  She would just moan and  lean on
him a little harder.

"Two fingers in my ass, love.  Shove two in... and don't  stop
there."  Sylvia moaned and stroked his hair as he ate her.

The second finger then slid up her hole using the same  technique
as the first.  Within a very short period of time, two  fingers
were buried deep in her ass.  A moment later they were  joined by a
third and then a fourth.  Carl had all four fingers  in her anus as
he continued to lap at her cunt juices without  missing a stroke.
Sylvia was practically sitting on his  shoulders trying to stay
erect.

"I'm cumming!  Carl, I'm cumming!"

Carl increased the motion of his hand in her ass and managed  to
bring the free hand up to her pussy.  Removing his thumb, he  began
the process of putting fingers in her cunt until he had  four fingers
in her lovely, dripping pussy.  Sylvia then let out  a continued
scream of pleasure and Carl picked her up with his  shoulders and
brought her over to one of the couches.  Only then,  and after her
cries subsided, did he pull the eight fingers from  the recesses
of her womanliness.

Sylvia took only a few seconds to recover before sitting up  and
grabbing for Carl's long erect shaft.  She rubbed and fondled  it
to make sure it was as long as it could get.  Then she wrapped  her
lips around it and sucked it to the back of her mouth.   Taking a
long breath through her nose, she then shoved it down  her throat.
Quite a few of his twelve inches were in her throat  before she
reversed the process and let it slip out.

With Carl pumping and Sylvia sucking, they managed to bury  his
cock as deep in her esophagus as it would go.  Her face was  flat
against his body and the head of his prick was in her chest,  a good
way toward her stomach.  It was the farthest they had ever  gone.
Carl never had anyone take his giant dick that far in  their
mouth before.

Sylvia was noticably excited at the accomplishment and  didn't want
to take it out.  She reached up and grabbed his balls  and began
squeezing them as Carl rocked his shaft forward and  backward.
Sylvia reached around with her other hand and began  pulling on
Carl's ass, forcing his cock deeper still.  She then  reached that
hand up toward Carl's face.  He took the hint.

"You want me to wet it don't you my little sex machine?"

Sylvia shook her head to indicate yes.  He then bent down  and
sucked several of her fingers into his mouth and licked them.
As she pulled her hand out, he let a large amount of saliva fall
around her fingers.  Quickly, she reached around to his butt  again
and began the same slow process of entering one finger at a  time
into his ass.

Within several long and sensuous moments, she had four of  her
fingers in his ass.  Moving this hand and the hand holding  his
balls, she was able to add the extra excitement needed to  bring
his cock to its full length and width.  The size was  obviously
gagging her but, the extreme satisfaction of knowing  she had the
whole thing in her mouth for the first time, helped  her to control
her gag reflexes.  Before long, Carl was ready to  climax.

As he began to moan, Sylvia increase the motion of both her  hands
as well as the swallowing action of her mouth and throat.

"I'm going to cum, Sylvia."

She just forced his body closer by pushing her hand harder  into
his ass.

"It's going to cum.  I'm cumming!  I'm cumming!  Ooooh!"

The cock was still buried deep in her throat as semen shot  out
of its end.  It was already halfway to her stomach so she  didn't
feel any of the normal gagging sensations that usually  caused her
pull his cock from her throat immediately after it  came for the
first time.

"That's good, babe, swallow."

The semen kept spraying out of his cock and Sylvia just kept
pushing harder in his ass.  Her other hand increased the  squeezing
pressure on his balls as if she were squirting the  sperm out of
a spray bottle.

When Carl's orgasm started to die down, Sylvia slowly pulled  her
fingers out of his asshole and then let the prick slide out  of
her mouth.  She played with the head in her mouth for another
minute before it dropped out completely.

"We have to show Meg and Janice.  I'll bet they can't match  it.
Roger and Juan probably won't think it is such a big deal  since
there cocks are several inches smaller.  We can take  their's
all the way in easily."  Sylvia sat back on the couch.   "My God,
that was fun."

"You're telling me it was fun.  But we should really get  dressed.
Some of the others will be wanting this room before  long."

"Let's go find Meg and Janice.  I want to tell them."

They dressed and left to find the two maids.  When they  reached
the second floor, it was not hard to hear where the maids  were.
Carl and Sylvia stayed outside and listened.

"Lick, Meg, Lick.  Ooooh!  I love it, Meg."  Janice was  lying on
her back on one of the beds in one of the guest bedrooms  as Meg
knelt at the foot of the bed.  Meg's tongue was lapping  noisily
at Janice's pussy.

"Eat me, sweets, I'm cumming."

Meg continued to lash the somewhat erect bulb of flesh above  the
vagina and as Janice began to show signs of her orgasm, Meg  sucked
the bulb between her lips and clamped down on it ever so  gently.
The well built maid was nude as she lay stretched on her  back with
her silky legs spread wide to reveal her wanton  womanliness.  Meg,
the other maid, was also naked.  Her well  formed breasts were not
nearly as large as Janice's but they were  grand in their own right.

The two lovely bodies then locked onto each other as Meg  slid
onto the bed on top of Janice.  There was a brief pause as  they
met lips and then Meg continue up until her dripping pussy  was
over the tantalizing lips of the other maid.  Janice then  began
returning the favor Meg had done for her.  The two bodies  changed
positions several times over the next few minutes as each  girl
had multiple orgasms.  They were just about ready to bring  each
other off together again, in a sixty-nine position, when  Carl and
Sylvia stepped into the room.

The two newcomers rushed over to the naked maids and started
fondling them.  This added stimulus brought Janice and Meg a  little
higher as they both started cumming.  The orgasms lasted  quite
some time before they each collapsed from exhaustion.
As they rested, Sylvia bragged about the blowjob she had given  Carl.
The girls were amazed and vowed to match her.  Carl was  all smiles. 
"I'm looking forward to the contest, but for now we have a  few
more things to do before we quit for the day.  Janice, you  come
with me and help serve some drinks to those who are about.   Meg,
you and Sylvia make a last check of the rooms.  Make sure  they
all have towels, et cetera, et cetera."

"Ok, Carl.  But remember, you and Roger promised to fuck me  in
the hot tub tonight."  Meg got up and brushed Carl's crotch.

"Sounds like fun, can we join you?"

"Only after I have enough orgasms, Sylvia.  Then you two and  Juan
can join us.

"There's enough for everybody.  But for now let's get back  to work."
Carl patted Meg's bare ass and squeezed her left cheek  soothingly
as he turned to leave the room.

Meg smiled.

Janice pulled her uniform down over her head and followed  Carl.
She walked through the doorway and several feet down the  hallway
before her uniform was pulled down far enough to cover  her pussy
and ass.  In the room, Sylvia helped Meg into her  uniform and the
two of them straightened the room and left.

EIGHT

"... and I never forgot what you did to me after we made  'Sex
Queen'.  You've got some nerve thinking you can just start  up
where we left off."

Carl and Sylvia overheard Sandy yelling at someone as they  continued
down the second floor hallway.  When they arrived  downstairs,
Jess, Dave, Tanya, and Ariel were already in the den  discussing
what would take place the next day.

"Ah, Carl.  Would you have the cook put together some hors
d'oeuvres.  We should have the munchies quite badly in a few
hours."

"Yes, Mr. Bridgewell."  Carl then gave a slight bow and left
the room.

"Sylvia, serve some drinks, will you?"

"Yes, sir."  Sylvia poured two martinis and one scotch and  soda
for those whose favorites she knew.  She then asked Tanya  what she
would have and proceeded to fix her a large screwdriver  -- it was
her favorite because it had the word screw in it and  anything that
reminded her of sex was tops on her list.

"That will be all for now, Sylvia.   But please have someone  check
on Matt in an hour or so and give us a progress report on  the
film development.  I'm anxious to see the results."

"I'll do that, sir."  She then bowed and left the room.

"Now, where were we?"  Jess set his drink down and walked  over
to a cabinet built in among a wall of bookshelves.  After  opening
the cabinet, he removed a large glass container with  several hoses
attached to it.

"It looks as if we're through talking business," said Tanya.

"Only if you're ready to fuck for pleasure, Tanya," answered  Dave.

"I only fuck for pleasure.  The fact that I'm paid a fortune  to
do it for the camera is just a pleasant bonus."

"Well then gang, I suggest we get stoned and fuck for  pleasure."
Jess brought the water pipe over to the bar and  filled it with
an entire fifth of Chevas Regal.  "I like this so  much better
than water."

Once filled, he put the stopper back in and carried it over  to the
center of the open space at one end of the large room.  He  filled
the bowl completely with some of Roger's potent marijuana.  and
stretched out the four hoses.

"There, one for each of us.  Bring some pillows from the  sofa and
let's get stoned."

The other three brought all of the pillows and scattered  them
around the water pipe.  They all sat and picked up the  hoses.
When they were set, Jess lit the bowl and they all  inhaled the
sweet smooth smoke.

"This is fantastic!" exclaimed Tanya who had never had any  of
Roger's pot.  "Where do you get this?"

"One of my Jamaicans, Roger... he's the gardener... grows it  for
me on the island," said Jess.

"Roger?  What kind of Jamaican name is that?"

"It's a nickname.  I couldn't pronounce his real name when  he got
here, so I called him Roger and it has stuck."

Two more bowls were smoked as the group's conversation  became
more and more incoherent.  The laughter level increased  though,
and that's all that mattered at the time.  All anyone  wanted was
to feel good, and drugs and sex were the two accepted  ways in
the industry.  Both together was fantastic.

Tanya seemed to be getting higher than the rest.  For one  thing,
she didn't stop sucking on the end of the hose as long as  Jess kept
the bowl filled.  For another, she was not used to  sucking on such
quality grass.  Soon, she was rubbing the nipples  of her massive
breasts.  The nipples began to poke through her  flimsy blouse as she
made them very hard.  Both hands were moving  quickly over her tits
as she continued to suck in the smoke and  bounce around gently.

Jess, who had been sitting across from the voluptuous porno  star,
watched her move up and down and decided to get in on the  action.
He stood up and removed his clothes and then sat down  next to her.
He filled the bowl again and puffed a few more  times on his hose.
He then moved around behind Tanya with his  legs to either side
of her.  He forced his hands under hers and  took over the task
of rubbing her breasts.  She dropped her hands  to her crotch and
pushed them inside the loose shorts she was  wearing.

Dave and Ariel watched as Tanya rubbed her pussy with the  same
energy she had used on her tits.  She then pushed up with  her
legs and in one swift motion, tore off her shorts leaving her  cunt
exposed to the view of those watching.  It also gave her  more room
to work.  She attacked her clit with more fervor than  ever as Jess
also quickened his pace on her breasts.  Tanya began  sticking her
finger into her cunt and moaning profusely.

Jess managed to tear off her blouse and the two sat there  writhing
with each other, completely naked.  This enhanced the  feeling for
both parties.  Jess then reached one hand down to  Tanya's pussy and
managed to cup enough of the dripping juice to  moisten his hand.
Then bringing it up to his mouth, he added  enough saliva to enable
him to lubricate his cock.  With help  from his legs, he lifted
Tanya off the ground and proceeded to  apply the lubrication to
his ever stiff rod.  Moving her over the  long prick, he slowly
let her down, forcing his cock up her  asshole.

She continued to massage her cunt as the cock buried itself  deep
into her ass.  She could only moan as he fucked her butt.

"You are one great fucker, Tanya.  Your ass is so loose that  my
cock slid right in with no problem at all."

"My ass was screaming for a cock, just like my pussy is  screaming
for a cock.  Dave, please fuck my cunt.  Ariel, please  let me have
Dave for a few minutes.  Please fuck me, Dave."

Dave got up and removed his clothing and moved toward the  writhing
pair.

"Not so fast, Dave."  Ariel stood up and removed her clothes  also.
"If she gets both of you first, then at least I get to  make
you hard."

Ariel dropped to her knees and sucked Dave's growing shaft  into
her mouth.  She let it slowly pull out and then slowly  sucked it
back in.  Using her hands she aided her mouth in  bringing the ten
inch mass of flesh and blood to its fullest.

"There, Tanya. He's ready for you now."

Jess laid back a little allowing Tanya to recline as Dave  got on
his knees between the two pairs of legs.  He expertly  place the
head of his cock at the opening of her pussy where she  took over
guiding it into the depths of the dripping hole.

"Fuck me!  Both of you move.  Fuck me!"

Without further prompting, the two guys fucked the lovely  sex
star.  Dave pumped his dick into her pussy as hard and fast  as the
positioning would permit, and Jess shoved his nine inches  up her ass
and then pulled it out as far as he could, given the  weight that
was on top of him.  Tanya relaxed totally, forcing  Jess to hold
all her weight.  She resumed massaging her breasts.   Ariel puffed
on what was left of the pot and watched.  Soon her  hand was
unconsciously rubbing her own pussy to a sensuous  climactic peak.

"You two are are good!" Tanya sighed as she was about to  explode
into an orgasm.  "Fuck my ass, Jess.  Fuck my cunt, Dave.   Ariel,
lick my breasts, please lick my breasts."

This request from the obviously experienced sex machine  brought
Ariel out of her own little mini-orgasm.  She obeyed the  command
and soon the three producers were bringing Tanya to a  wonderfully
ecstatic climax.  Ariel bit down on each nipple in  turn as Tanya
screamed in joy.

"Ooooh, I love it.  I'm cumming.  Fuck me.  Bite me.  Fuck!
I'm cumming."

The motion each guy was putting into the fucking was  increasing
with each gasp and moan that Tanya let out and soon  they too were
reaching toward orgasms.

"I'm cumming too," said Jess.

Dave didn't say anything but pulled his cock out of Tanya's  cunt.
Ariel saw what he did and grabbed it.  She began sucking  and jacking
it off until it was ready to shoot.  She let it out  of her mouth
and quickened the jacking motion as it squirted  white sticky sperm
all over Tanya's left breast.  Dave continued  to squirt several
more times.  Two went directly into Ariel's  mouth as she licked
his cock.  A couple splashed on Tanya's belly  and finally the last
little bit dripped into the nest of hair  surrounding the beautiful
pussy he had just pulled out of.

"Put it back in, Dave!"  Tanya was still in the throws of  her
orgasm.

Dave did put it back in and began pumping again.  Ariel  licked
the semen off Tanya's breasts and belly and continued  nibbling
her nipples.

As the action went on Jess had managed to hold back his  climax
until Dave was done with his and had resumed fucking  Tanya.  Then,
with the aid of Ariel, the three naked bodies  turned over so
that Dave was now on the bottom; his cock never  left her pussy.
Jess then pumped harder in her ass until he was  once again ready
to climax.  He pulled his throbbing shaft out of  her asshole and
began shooting his load of cum all over her back.   Ariel helped
him along with her hands as she had Dave.

When he was done, he also replaced his dick in Tanya.  The  three
writhing bodies then fucked for several more minutes, with  Ariel
joining in where she could.  Eventually she got around to  Jess's
ass and stuck two fingers in it.  Working her way under  the bodies
she managed to get two fingers of the other hand into  Dave's ass.
This kept up as Ariel finally got four fingers into  both asses.
This left all four holes, a pussy and three asses  full of something.
Jess and Dave got so much out of this that  they began to climax
again.  Ariel's expert manipulation was able  to move them along
together so that when they did cum, they shot  off together.
Dave creamed Tanya's pussy as Jess loaded her ass  with his sperm.
Both shots hit her at the same time sending her  into yet another in
a long series of orgasms.  Soon they fell  apart and lay exhausted
on the floor.

"Now what am I going to do?" complained Ariel.

"Never fear, love."

Ariel turned around to see Greg sitting in a stuffed chair  from
where he had been watching the action.

Ariel got to her feet, which was some accomplishment as  stoned as
she was, and staggered over to Greg.  "Fuck me Greg."

Greg got up and stripped.  He met Ariel halfway as she  dropped to
the floor and took his long prick in her mouth.   Within seconds it
was extended to its full length and width.   But, she kept sucking
until it was very firm.

"One more thing now," she said as she stood again.

She went over to the bar and pulled out a drawer that was  fill
with an enormous supply of sex toys.  She found a rather  long
double headed dildo and began lubricating both ends.  She  walked
back to Greg and pulled him over to the couch.  She tossed  the
cushions on the floor and laid down on them.

"Help me shove this in my ass, Greg."

She pushed her belly in the air allowing her ass to lift off  the
cushions.  Greg helped her guide the giant dildo as she slid  it
into her ass.  Slowly at first and then more energetically,  they
slid the artificial cock in and out of her asshole.

"Now fuck me!"

Greg crawled on top and easily pushed his real cock deep  into
her cunt.  In one easy motion it was buried as far as it  could go.

"Now put the other end in your ass."

Greg reached around and, with a little working and help from  Ariel,
pushed the unused end of the dildo into his own ass.  He  and Ariel
both pulled and pushed until the mass of rubber was in  both of
them as far as it could go.  To go any deeper into one it  would
have to pull out of the other.

"Now sit up."

Greg obeyed this command also.  Ariel wrapped her legs  around
his hips and held the dildo in place as he pulled up to  his knees
and the straightened his legs out and sat back on the  cushions.
The rubber dildo was now forced into their respective  asses by
the weight of their bodies.

"Fuck, now.  Fuck!"

They both rocked back and forth on the floor of the sex  chamber
as the other three naked bodies began to move again.  It  was now
their turn to do the watching, though Dave left to use  the restroom.
Greg and Ariel were very quick at reaching their  climax.  Ariel was
so turned on by watching Tanya get fucked by  the two guys that
she started cumming immediately.  Greg kept up  his motion until
Ariel's cries and moans had been reduced to just  a whimper.
He then laid her on her back while holding the dildo  in her ass.
He pulled his cock out of her pussy and the dildo  out of his
ass and began shooting cum all over her body.  All she  could do
was rub the sticky semen with her hands and then lick  her hands.
She had no strength for anything else.

Jess lit up a joint and passed it around the room.  They all  just
lay motionless on the floor, except for Dave, who had  returned and
crawled over to Tanya and was in the process of  eating her pussy.
Tanya just moaned and toked on the joint as it  was passed to her.
The mellow mood hung heavily over the room.

NINE

After a calm rest, the group got up and moved over to the  couch and
chairs.  Jess rang for Carl.  It was quite some time  since he had
asked for the hors d'oeuvres and Carl usually was  very responsive.
There was no answer to his ring. Again he  pressed the button that
rang a beeper carried by Carl.  Still no  response from either Carl
or one of the other servants.

Jess had gotten up to see what had happened when Carl burst  into
the room.  He was all flushed and out of breath.

"Mr. Bridgewell, something terrible has happened.  Mr.  Danvers is
dead."

The mellow high that was pervasive throughout the occupants  of the
room quickly faded as Carl told of the two maids, Janice  and Meg,
finding Danvers' body with a gag in his mouth and his  hands tied
behind his back.

"They had gone into one of the third floor rooms to check  the linen
and he was laying there on the bed."  Carl blurted out  the story.
"They didn't think much of it and were about to leave  when they
noticed the gag.  They walked up the the bed and saw  that he was
also tied so they shook him and he didn't move."

Carl sat down as the five others ran out of the room and up  two
flights of stairs to the third floor.  When they arrived at  Danvers'
room, they found the scene just as Carl described.   Danvers was
on the bed.  The two maids were sitting in chairs  near the wall
with Sylvia trying to calm them.  Sandy was there  and so was Roger.

"Drug overdose, Jess."

Jess examined the body and then saw that there was a vial, a  syringe
with a needle, and a small rubber hose lying on the night  stand.
He spent the next few minutes talking with the maids and  Carl,
who had come back up.  When he had finished talking to  everyone
he looked at the body again.

"Ok, everybody out of the room."  Jess motioned for everyone  to
leave and then followed.  They all went down to the dining  room.

Roger had gone to get Matt and his assistant.  Carl got the  cook
and Juan.  Soon everyone on the island was in the dining  room of
the large castle.  Jess then got up to speak.

"After looking at Danvers all tied up, it appears obvious  that he
was murdered.  It was probably suppose to look like an  unintentional
overdose.  But with the body tied up it can only  mean murder."

"Shouldn't we lock all the doors and call the police?" asked  Tanya.

"There are no police, Tanya.  We are like a separate country  with
our own laws. We are our own sovereign state.  We are our  own
police.  And as for the doors, who would we lock out?   Everyone on
the island is present in this room."

"Are you saying one of us killed Danvers?"

"It has to be that way, Greg.  There are no others on the  island.
So it is up to us to find out who did it.  But I  do  think we
should call the Coast Guard or Navy, after all Danvers  was a U.S.
citizen as most of us still are."

"And what can they do?  This must be out of their  jurisdiction?"
asked Dave.

"They can take the body and return it to whoever would claim  such
a person as Danvers.  And as for their jurisdiction, I hate  to
set a precedent, but if I say they can act here, then they do
have jurisdiction."

"So what are we to do?  There is still a killer among us."
Janice was white with fear.

"It seems quite obvious to me that almost everyone here had  a grudge
against Danvers so we don't have a good suspect from  motive alone.
I suggest that we don't walk around alone."

"But, Jess, do you think there is any real danger to the  rest
of us?  I mean, if Danvers was the only target, then the  rest of
us are safe."

"But what if the killer thinks someone saw him... or her.   It seems
as if Janice and Meg interrupted something or else the  gag and rope
would have been removed.  No, the killer wasn't  finished with his
project which means there are others in danger,  beginning with
Janice and Meg.  I suggest we call the Coast Guard  and see what
they have to say about the whole thing.  There is a  radioroom in
the east wing."

Dave went to the radio room, followed shortly by Jess.  They  both
stopped by the den to pick up their clothing first and then  to
the radioroom.  As Jess left the den, he met Tanya, Greg, and  Ariel
who were coming to get their own clothes.

When Jess arrived at the radio, he was in for a big  surprise.
Upon entering the east wing he heard a door slam.  He  broke into
a run, but didn't see anyone around when he got to the  room,
except Dave.  Dave was standing in the center of the room  with
amazement written all over his face.

"Look!" was all Dave could say as he motioned around the  room.

"My, God!"  Jess yelled.  "The whole fucking thing has been
destroyed!"

Dave and Jess stood dumbfoundedly in the room in the east  wing
which held the radio equipment.  The equipment had been  smashed
with a hammer that was still laying on a table.

"Well, it looks as if we aren't going to call anybody,  Jess."

"You're right, Dave.  All we can do is wait out the night  till
the plane arrives, tomorrow.  We can call someone from its  radio."

Sometime later Jess and Dave were back with everyone else in  the
dining room. They had relayed the condition of the radio and  were
trying to develop some plans.

"Ok, first let's find out where everybody was during the  murder.
Tanya, Ariel, Dave, and I were in the den since dinner.   Greg, let's
begin with you... where were you before you arrived  in the den?"

"I went to my room on the second floor of the west wing, I  unpacked
my bags and washed up, took a short rest and then  snorted some
coke and went to the den."

"Sandy, what about you?"

You can't think that I did anything to Chuck!"

"Relax love, we're just trying to trace the evening."

"All right.  I left the dining room with Chuck.  We went to  my room
and talked.  He left, I took a nap and then all the  commotion woke
me up."

"You were doing more than talking, Miss Tarly.  Sylvia and I  heard
you arguing."  Carl looked at Sylvia.

"Yes, that's right, Miss.  We heard you."

"Is that right, Sandy?"

"Yes, Jess.  Chuck wanted to fuck, but I said no.  We once  lived
together and he tried to use old sentiment to get me in  bed.
He dumped me and I vowed never to go back to him.  He would  not
take no for an answer so I grabbed a pair of scissors and  tried
to stab him.  I missed, but he left.  I never saw him again  until
he was found dead."

Jess just looked at the gorgeous woman as she bowed her  head.
"Ok," he said.  "Now, Matt, did either of you two leave  the lab?"

"Yes, we both left to use the the restroom at various times.   And we
each left to grab a snack, first myself and then Jerry.   We were
gone about fifteen minutes."  Matt looked at Jerry who  just nodded.

The cook was in the kitchen the whole evening, Roger and  Juan were
together working on the electric generator which had  been fading
all afternoon.  The servants were all over the house,  sometimes
in groups, sometimes alone.

"This doesn't look promising.  Only Tanya, Ariel, Dave, and  I have
witnesses to our whereabouts all evening.  And at least  half of
us have a real hatred for the man."

"Well then, Detective Jess, what's our next move?  Who did  it?"

"Don't get sarcastic, Dave.  It's getting late so I suggest  we all
get some sleep.  So go to your rooms, close the door and  lock it
if it makes you feel better."

"I'm not sleeping alone tonight."  Ariel said.

"But if you sleep with someone, Ariel, they may be the  murderer,"
said Sandy.

Then I'll sleep with two others," demanded Ariel.

The other girls agreed, so Ariel and Sylvia went with Greg  to his
room, Meg and Janice went with Carl, Tanya went with Dave  and
Matt to Dave's room.  The cook, Matt's assistant Jerry,  Roger,
and Juan said they weren't afraid and left for their own  rooms.
That left Sandy and Jess alone."

Well, Jess, if I can't trust you, I can't trust anyone."

So they went to Jess's bedroom.  When they arrived, Sandy  stripped
and then helped Jess out of his clothes.

"This danger makes me horny, Jess, I need your cock.  Will  you
fuck me?"

She dropped to her knees and kissed the long hanging tube  between
his legs.  It began growing and she sucked it into her  mouth,
pulling blood into it.  With a very slow motion, she  pulled her
head back and let the, now massive, cock slip out.  It  rose up to
brush her nose as it pointed skyward.  Sandy then  stroked it with
her hands and licked the head with her tongue.

When Jess's dick attained its full length, Sandy let one of  her
hands fall to her lovely well rounded breasts.  She rubbed  one tit
and then the other while continuing to suck Jess's hard  shaft.
She then dropped the other hand to her cunt, keeping the  cock
expertly in her mouth.  The dripping juices lubricated her  hand
as she massaged her clit.

"Tonight's occurrences has me a little horny too, love.  I'm  about
to cum already."

"Cum in my mouth!" gasped Sandy as she pulled her sucking  mouth
off the throbbing member long enough to talk.  "Cream my  throat!"

She kept her own orgasm going with her hands as Jess began  showing
definite signs of getting ready to cum.  His dick began  throbbing in
a quick rhythm and his knees seemed to grow weak.   Sandy was doing
all she could to keep her hands working on  herself and keep Jess's
cock moving in her mouth as she reached  the climax of orgasm.

"I'm cumming!" yelled Jess.

His cock made several large throbs and then ejected a glob  of hot
semen into the depths of the pretty mouth.  Sandy just  swallowed
and sucked harder.  More hot lava sprayed from the rock  hard shaft
and again was swallowed by Sandy.

Sandy then released the grip on herself and the cock and  rolled
back onto the soft carpet.  Jess let loose with another  shot of
cum which splashed Sandy's face and dripped to her left  breast.
She bent her head down and licked it off.  The last shot  of any
size went straight into her hair.  The remainder oozed out  and
hung from the head of his cock in a long string.  Sandy  reached
out and pulled the end up to her mouth.

"I love your cock, Jess.  You use it so well."

She then lapped the string of sperm into her mouth like a  strand
of spaghetti as she leaned toward Jess.  When she reached  the head
of his dangling shaft, she sucked it into her mouth and   chewed
and sucked until it began to grow again.

"In my cunt this time.  Fuck me."

Jess lifted her to her feet and walked her over to the bed.

"Turn around," he said softly as he bent down and licked her
breasts.

When she turned to face the bed, he gently pushed her over  the
bed so she was half laying on her stomach with her feet still  on
the carpet.  He used his feet to spread her legs and then  knelt
behind her.

"I'm going to eat you, my sweet little tart."

Jess bent his head over and stuck his tongue out to her  pussy.
At the same time he pushed a finger into her ass and  rubbed
it around.

"Fuck me Jess.  Fuck my pussy and my ass."

"One at a time dear, I only have one cock."

"My pussy first.  Fuck my cunt!"

Jess licked her opening as it dripped sweet juices into his  mouth
and onto his hands.  When she began to moan uncontrollably,  he stood
up and removed the finger from her asshole.  Carefully,  he placed
the head of his huge rod against the slit, he had just  lubricated
very well, and pushed it in.  The whole nine inches  slid in without
any hesitation at all.  He began pulling it out  and then reversing
and pushing it in again.  In and out.  In and  out.

"Yes!  Fuck!  Faster...Faster!   Fuck me!"

Jess  did fuck faster and faster.  He began ramming the  thick shaft
to the farthest depths it could reach.  Harder and  faster he went as
Sandy sank into the bed.  She had all of her  weight off her feet,
which lay lifeless on the floor of Jess's  suite.  Her pussy was
pulsating madly as the cock slammed into it  and pulled quickly out.
Almost to the tip it would come and then  push back in until his
thighs slapped her's with a mighty clap.

Sandy tried to move her ass around to heighten the pleasure  as
Jess continued to fuck the daylights out of her.  Very soon  she
was screaming with orgasmic pleasure, but, to Sandy's  delight,
Jess was a long way from stopping or even slowly his  pumping.

This sexual action went on for several more minutes when  Jess then
reached his hand between the two bodies and slid three  fingers into
her ass.  She just sank farther into the mattress.   Her orgasm
had reached new heights and the climaxes were coming  faster and
faster; each one greater than the one before.  Jess  just kept it
up in both her cunt and her ass.  Both his cock and  his hand were
moving in and out of their respective holes at  lightning speed.

Sandy's moan got louder and louder until, at some point, she
began to subside and grow limp.  Her hands had found their way
to  her breast nipples and clit and even they had stopped moving.
She just held tightly and squeezed.  This was Jess's cue that she
had reached saturation.  She had been fucked enough.

Jess finished off by shoving the last finger and his thumb  into
her ass and then forced his pounding, throbbing, pulsating  dick to
the very end of her vagina and stopped.  After several  seconds of
no motion he slowly pulled his hand and his cock from  her body.
With his hands guiding his aim, he pointed his cock  toward her
back and sprayed an impressive load of cum onto her  shoulders.
A second load went over her head and dripped down  into her hair.
A third shot fell shorter and puddled up in the  small of her back.
The remaining wads dripped down the crack of  her ass and then
eventually to the floor.

When the cum had stopped squirting from his shrinking meat,  he bent
over Sandy and rubbed the cum into her skin as a masseuse  would any
good body cream.  He started at the small of her back  and rubbed
up toward the shoulders.  He rubbed the cheeks of her  face and
she proceeded to lick the creaming white fluid from his  hands.
Then he moved down her back and squeezed the cheeks of  her ass;
rubbing her asshole gently.  He even reached under her  and, using
extreme caution, gently rubbed her clit and the  swollen lips of
her pussy.  A finger or two found their way into  each hole as he
continued his massage.

"Good night, Jess.  That was a wonderful fuck."

Sandy tried to crawl onto the bed, and, with Jess's help  finally
made it.  She was asleep in seconds.  Jess massaged a  while longer
and then turned out the lights and laid down beside  her.  He, too,
fell asleep quickly.

TEN

Tanya was on her knees with Dave's ten inch love muscle  sliding
within her pussy as she gave Matt a fantastic blowjob.   Dave let
out a small yell and let his cum gush out of his rod,  inside
the lovely sex star's cunt.  Matt also began shooting his  load,
but Tanya pulled her mouth off so the cream would spray her  face.
She then slid the shaft back into her mouth and sucked out  the
remaining cum.

"You guys are great.  You really know how to take a girl's  mind
off tonight's tragedy."

"You're damn good yourself, Tanya."  Dave was squeezing the  last
of his cum into her cunt, with his hand.

"Let's go to bed and get it on some more."

"Just what I was thinking, babe."  Dave pulled his cock from  her
sucking pussy and got to his feet.

"I'll be right there.  I need to grab a snack from the  kitchen.
Would either of you like something?"  Matt pulled on  his pants
and grabbed his shirt.

"You don't need those to walk around here," said Tanya with
a smile.

"Just staying out of the breezes," answered Matt.

"Well, bring back a bottle of cold wine.  There's plenty of  liquor
in the room but nothing cold."

"Wine it is, Tanya."

Matt put on his shoes and left.  "Start without me, I'll  catch up
when I return."

The two didn't even hear his last comment.  They were  already
entangled in each others arms.  Dave's cock was on a  rebound and
looking for action.

They fucked each other several more times and finally fell  asleep.
Dave's cock was still in Tanya's pussy as she lay on her  side
with her back to him.  They slept soundly.  Sometime later,  Dave's
relaxed rod slipped from her cunt.  She was too asleep to  know.

Suddenly, the noise of an airplane overhead caused the whole
household to awaken.  Jess and Sandy jumped out of bed.

"Who the fuck is that?" asked Jess as he ran toward the door  --
his dick flapping as he moved.

In the hallway he met Dave and Tanya as they came out of  Dave's
room.  Greg and Carl were running down the hallway toward  them
with the four girls following.

"Matt is gone.  He went to the kitchen for a snack and never
came back.  That was an hour ago," said Dave.

"Then it must be Matt in the plane.  Let's go see if Jerry  is
still here... and Greg's plane.  It must have been Greg's  plane."
Jess led the group downstairs.

There was no one else in the house.  The cook, Matt, Jerry,  and
the two Jamaicans were gone.

"That must be a tight fit.  My plane is only a four seater,"
Greg said.

"Why would they all take off like that?  They weren't even  in my
top group of suspects."

"You must have been wrong, Jess.  Why would they take off if  they
weren't guilty.  But all of them?  Even the cook... he  wasn't even
here when Danvers was here last.  What could he have  to do with
the man, or the rest of the group?"

"We may never find out the connection, Dave.  But when the  plane
arrives this morning we should be able to contact someone  and let
them worry about finding the answers.  Let's all get back  to bed.
It's several hours until daylight."  Jess headed up the  stairway.

Everyone seemed a little more relaxed since the murderer had
probably left the island.  They went back to their same sleeping
arrangements and slept.  The rest of the night passed without any
further occurrences.

ELEVEN

"Good morning."

Jess greeted Tanya as she entered the dining room.  Dave,  Jess,
and Greg were already there, as were Ariel, Sylvia, and  Sandy,
who had already come down to breakfast.  They were all  sitting at
the table.  Some were clothed, others were not.

"I'm afraid that all we have is scrambled eggs and bacon.   The cook
is gone so Sandy and I tried our best."  Jess passed her  a plateful
of food.

"Where are the rest of the servants?  It seems that they  should
be up by now?"

"Your right, Tanya.  Sylvia, when you've finished eating, go  up
and get the others."

"Yes, Mr. Bridgewell.  I'm finished now."  Sylvia got up and  left
-- her sensuous naked ass wiggled seductively as she walked  out
of the room.

Several minutes later the breakfast discussion was  interrupted by a
blood curdling scream.  Sylvia had found the  three servants in bed.
They were dead.  The three intertwined  naked bodies were pale white
with hideous blank expressions on  their faces.  Further analysis
showed that they died from  inhaling poisonous gas as they slept.
The empty canister was  still on the bed between two of the bodies.

"Our danger is not over," said Jess.

"But if the killer left the island last night, the danger is  over,"
Dave responded.

"You're forgetting, Dave, that these three were still alive  after
the plane left."

"My God!  You're right, Greg.  I was so out of it due to the
drowsiness and drugs, that I completely forgot about that."

"Then we're down to what I said earlier... one of us is the
murderer."  Jess turned to walk from the death room.

"But the 'us' is a smaller number now."

"Right, Sandy.  Let's go to the den and discuss this.  We  need to
see where we stand."  Jess left and the others followed,  quickly.

"Ok, guys.  There are seven of us here.  No one else is on  the
island so one, maybe more, of us is a killer.  Danvers' death  is
rather easy to explain... nobody like him anyway and most of  us
are better off with him dead.  My servants deaths are a little  bit
harder to explain unless they were all killed just to get at  Meg.
The killer may have thought that Meg saw something as she  entered
the room with Sylvia and found the body of Danvers."

"But if that is so, Mr. Bridgewell, then I'm going to be  killed
also."  Sylvia fell back in the chair she was sitting in  and began
eyeing everyone with fear.

"Relax, Sylvia, we won't let anything happen to you.  We  know his
game now."  Jess walked over to comfort her.

"All we have to do is not let anyone out of our sight until  the
plane arrives," said Greg.

"It sounds that simple to me, Greg," Jess agreed.  "It  should be
here within a few hours."

The group sat down to get comfortable and waited for the  plane.
Two hours went by before Ariel and Sandy left to get  something
to drink and eat.  They brought back two carts of food  from the
kitchen.  Several more hours passed.

"This is ridiculous!  That plane should be here by now."   Dave got
up and began pacing.

Another couple of hours passed.  Everyone had taken turns  pacing.
Everyone had left alone at some point to use the  restroom.
It was felt that if everyone else stayed in the den  watching each
other, then it was safe for the seventh person to  roam the house.
This went on until almost dark.

"This is crazy.  The plane must not be coming... not after  this long
of a delay.  Maybe the killer radioed to the pilot not  to come for
some reason before he busted the radio.  Maybe Matt  got to them
and warned them not to come.  In any case, they  aren't coming.
They've never been this late."

"I'm afraid, Dave, that you must be right.  I was thinking  the
same thing myself.  We're going to have to assume that they  aren't
coming and figure out what to do on our own.  The first of  which
is to check the generator and make sure it has enough fuel  in the
tank to last the night.  I'll do that.  Dave, why don't  you come
with me.  Tanya, you and Sylvia make us some dinner and  bring it
back to the den.  Ariel, Sandy, and Greg, how about  rounding up
some blankets and pillows.  We'll all sleep in here  tonight."

They all acknowledged the assignments and went off to do  them.
Jess and Dave left the house and entered the little shack  behind
the castle which held the diesel powered generator.  They  began
filling the day tank, which gravity-feeds the generator,  from the
main underground tank.  When the task was over they  checked the
oil and water and convinced themselves that  everything was all
right for the night.  When they started to  leave, Jess grabbed
Dave's arm and pulled him to the side of the  shack.  It had already
gotten quite dark and they were in the  shadows.

"Dave, I need to talk to you.  We are in real trouble and it  is up
to you and I to do something about it.  Greg has to be the  one who
committed the murders.  He has no alibi for Danvers'  death and...."

"But Jess, Sandy and Sylvia have no alibi either, and Sandy  even
had a fight with him."

"I saw something today that rules them out."

"What?"

"Carl's neck was broken.  I think that he may have regained
consciousness while the gas was being blown in their faces.
Being larger, it probably took longer to overcome him.  There  must
have been a struggle and the killer broke his neck."

"Fucking shit!  Then it had to have been a man."

"Right, Dave.  And that man is Greg Up."

"Then why did you let Ariel and Sandy go off with him?"   Dave turned
to run toward the mansion."

"Take it easy.  With both of them there, fully awake, and  with us
knowing who is where, nothing will happen."

"Ok, Jess.  But what are we going to do?"

"We need to stop him."

"How?  We can't prove he did it."

"We also can't let him commit another murder.  We have to  get
him first.  Let's confront him and see what happens.  I have  a
gun in my room.  It is the only weapon on the island unless  Greg
brought one with him in his plane."

"We can be sure he has not got anything with him, if we have  him
take off all of his clothes before we confront him."

"You're catching on, Dave.  Let's set our plan in motion."

Jess and Dave talk more as they walked back to the mansion.
The plan had been perfected by the time they joined the others in
the den.  Supper was ready when they entered.

They sat around the coffee table near one end of the large  room.
They all ate hungrily, though they watched each other with  a
careful eye.  When dinner was over, they all stood to walk over
to the other side of the room, where the couches offered a more
comfortable seat.

Just then the lights went out.  One of the girls let out a  muffled
yelp, but otherwise everyone remained calm.

"Ok.  let's all reach out and find a place to sit down.  If  anything
feels dangerous to you, scream.  Everyone else remain  quiet.
That way we can rush to the aid of anyone in trouble.   But if
everyone screams we won't know who to help.  Got it?"   Jess gave
the order and everyone sounded an agreement.

As they all felt for chairs, Tanya felt a warm, soft, hand  clasp
down on her right breast.  It was soon joined by a hand on  her left
breast.  A nibble at her ear kept her from panicking.   Gently the
pair of hands massaged her huge tits, turning her on  in the most
wonderful fashion.  One hand slid slowly down to her  crotch and
reached inside of her tight jeans.  She allowed the  hand to pop
the button and unzip her for better access.

From behind she felt the bulge of a stiff cock through a  pair
of jeans.  The hand then pulled out of her pants and undid  the
fastening on its own pants.  Soon the fat rod flung out and  swung
freely against her ass.  She pulled down her already  falling jeans
to reveal, to the touch anyway if not to the sight,  her beautiful
bare ass.  The hand on her left breast kept up its  motion as the
growing cock settled down between her legs.

With a slight forward bend from the waist, Tanya allowed the  dick
to slid up her thighs and enter her lovely cunt.  Slowly it  pushed
all the way in and she was able to straighten up and help  it move
in and out.  The hands then move freely about her body,  moving
especially up under her blouse.  Her own left hand joined  the
other two and her right hand found its way to her clit.  The  other
noises in the room were oblivious to Tanya as she was being  fucked
in the dark.  The danger had vanished for awhile as she  felt the
huge prick slide into her pussy.  She felt the rush of  many small
orgasms and nothing else.

Tanya used her hands well, and not only on herself.  She  gently
squeezed the balls which hung below the massive cock  inside her.
Soon she was in the stages of a masterful orgasm and  she could
feel by the tightening of the sack around the balls,  that whoever
it was fucking her was about to cum also.  Her  excitement rose
tremendously as the unknown cock pounded her  dripping hole.
All to soon, it pulled out allowing the head to  rest in her hand.
She kept rubbing it along with her clit.  It  then began shooting
its load of cum into her tiny hand.  She let  it puddle up and then
rubbed it into her clit and all over the  lips and hair surrounding
her wonderful cunt.

When the squirting stopped the cock slid slowly from her  hands and
between her legs.  She felt exhilarated but not quite  fulfilled
until it stopped at the crack of her ass and began  rubbing around
the rim of her asshole.  The cock which had been  lubricated in her
pussy and helped along with its own semen was  pushing itself into
her asshole.  Tanya's state of sexuality and  excitement made it very
easy for the prick to enter her behind.   Slowly it moved up until
it was as far as it could go inside the  tight hole of her ass.

The same process began again.  The hands massaged the body.
Her hands joined in and the cock slid into and out of her  asshole.
Faster and faster the butt fucking went.  In and out.   In and out.
In and out.  Tanya was again in heaven and her  fingers found their
way into her cunt.  She could feel the  movement of the cock with
her fingers through the thin lining  between her pussy and ass.
It turned her on even more and  eventually she could feel the
throbbing of the cock as it began  shooting wads of cum into her
asshole.

Her fingers could feel the tubular ridge running along the  length of
the cock as it forced the white cream to the end of the  long shaft.
She felt each pulse of cum as it flowed a little  farther to the head
and out into her ass.  Finally she felt the  cock begin to shrink.
She used her ass muscles and her fingers  from inside her cunt,
to try and revive the collapsing rod.  Just  then she was rudely
brought back into the calamity of the present  surroundings.

A loud scream had broken the shallow silence.  Everyone had  found
a seat and stayed quiet as they waited for the lights to  come
back on.  Jess had explained that it was probably a fuse and  the
automatic system would soon switch to a good circuit.  Then  there
was a scream.

The cock slid out of Tanya's ass with a speed that almost  hurt.
This was followed by the sound of a zipper closing.  Then  the
mystery fucker moved away.  Everyone was moving in the  direction
of the scream, not knowing what to expect.  As the  group almost
simultaneously arrived, the lights came back on.   Sylvia lay in
a stuffed chair -- dead.

"Well, now he got the last one," cried Tanya, whose jeans  were
still down around her ankles.

"The last one of the original threat, but now we're all  threats.
So, we're all still in danger."  Jess backed off from  the rest
of the crowd and pulled his gun out from under his  shirt.  "Ok,
nobody move while we sort out what has happened."

Everyone stared at Jess as he stood there.  Each one  wondering
what was going to happen.

"Dave, examine Sylvia, see what happened to her."

Dave did just that and found the she had been injected with
something.  The broken needle was still in her back.  A syringe
was on the ground near her.

"For the sake of safety, everyone take your clothes off.  I  don't
want any concealed weapons popping out while we find the  murderer."

With very little protest, everyone slowly removed their  clothing.
It was not a very big thing for them to be naked  together, so no one
minded anyway.  No guns or knives were among  the discarded garb.

"Ok, everyone move away from Greg."

"What?"  Greg was flabbergasted.

"Now, Greg, tell us why you killed Danvers and the rest!"

"But I didn't kill them."

"He...."  Tanya tried to say something but Jess cut her off.

"We can't have you running around here killing us all!"   Jess pulled
the trigger and let loose a loud shot.

Due to Jess's poor aim, the bullet whizzed passed Greg  without harm.
Greg, though, didn't hang around long enough for  Jess to try again.
Before the second shot, Greg was on his way  out the doorway of
the den.  Tanya tried to yell stop, but Jess  wouldn't listen.
By the time Jess emptied the gun, Greg was out  of the house and
running toward the other side of the island.

"It couldn't have been Greg.  I think he was fucking me  while
the lights were out."  Tanya was looking at Jess with  horror on
her face.

"What do you mean you think he was fucking you?"

"Someone was fucking me as we heard the scream.  His hands  were
rubbing my tits, so he couldn't have been sticking a needle  into
Sylvia.  And we were almost fifteen feet away.  It couldn't  have
been Greg."

"But you're not sure it was Greg?  How could you not know  who was
fucking you?"

"He just started fondling me and then fucked me.  We didn't  say
anything."

"Then how do you know it was Greg?"

"It felt like his cock.  He fucked my pussy and my asshole.
It felt like Greg's."

Jess looked at Tanya and then at Dave.  "It had to be either  you
or Greg."

Dave looked scared as Jess reloaded the gun.  "I fucked  Tanya."

"Are you sure it was Greg, Tanya?"

"I might have been mistaken, but I feel sure that it was  Greg."

"How did he fuck you?"

"He was behind me.  He started rubbing my breasts and then
slid his hands into my jeans.  When I was hot enough and his
cock  grew, I dropped my jeans to the floor and he unzipped his.
Then  he brought his cock up between my legs and fucked my cunt.
After  a few minutes like that, he pulled his prick out and pushed
it up  my ass.  Then the scream."

"Ok, Dave fuck her and let us see if she can tell if it was  you
or someone else."

Dave walked behind her began rubbing her breasts as she said  Greg
had done.  His cock soon became hard enough to enter her  pussy so
he slid it in and began fucking her.  She moaned loudly,  partly due
to the wonderful fucking that Dave was giving her, and  partly from
the excitement that she might be fucking a murderer.   She really
got into the action and tried to mimic her earlier  movements.
Dave pushed his rod deep into the tight but slick  cunt and rubbed
it around and around.  Slowly he pulled it out  again.  This went on
for several minutes before Dave pulled it  out and quickly shoved it
into her ass.  Roughly, but not  painfully, he forced his bulging
shaft into and out of the tight  asshole.  Tanya just gasped and
bent her knees, thus forcing the  cock deeper into her behind.

Dave fucked for several more minutes like this.  Tanya soon  realized
that, as good as this fucking was, and indeed it was  better that
she had gotten from Greg, this was not the person who  fucked her
in the blackout.  She felt a slight twinge of fear,  but could not
make it form into any action.  The sex she was now  enjoying was
too good.  How could she say that this man, whose  cock was buried
in her asshole, was not the man who fucked her,  knowing that it
would mean that he was the murderer.  But she  couldn't lie and
let Jess and the others think that Greg was the  murderer.  No,
Greg was definitely the one who fucked her; not  Dave.

The sex continued.  Dave soon pulled his pulsating rod from  the
dark hole and shot a load of cum into the air.  It landed on  Tanya's
back and slowly dripped down the crack of her ass.  The  hot liquid
felt cool to her still vibrating sphincter muscle.

"Ok, Tanya.  Was Dave the one who fucked you during the  blackout?"

Tanya looked at Dave and then at Jess.  She hated to lose a  sex
partner as good as Dave, but he must be the killer.

"Why does the killer have to be a man?"

"Well, Tanya, it seems that Carl's neck was broken and I  don't
think a girl could have done it."

Tanya thought about this for a few moments and finally said,  "No.
Greg was the one who fucked me.  It had to have been Greg.   Dave is
a better lover, but Greg is very unique.  Greg fucked  me."

"But Jess, I didn't kill anybody.  It wasn't me."

Jess pointed the gun at Dave and pulled the trigger.  His  aim was
a little better.

"Let's go and find Greg so I can apologize."  I feel like  such
a shit.  I nearly killed an innocent man.  We all have  gotten a
little jumpy.  But we're safe now."

Dave lay dead on the floor of the den.  His blood staining  the
Persian rug.

TWELVE

Greg ran from the house, still nude and without any idea  where he
would go.  Jess had gone mad.  Shooting at him with no  evidence...
how could he do that.  Greg leaped over the small  stone wall that
enclosed the patio leading from the dining room.   He ran passed
the shack with the generator and into the woods.

"I'm safe for a little while at least.  But how will I know  when
Jess and the others, if he has convinced them of my guilt,  have
realized that I am innocent?"  Greg spoke quietly to himself  as if
to give himself reassurance that they would find it was a  mistake.

Greg came to rest near the stump of what use to be a very  large
tree; possible the largest on the island.  He dared not sit  down
because he still had no clothing.  He was very aware of  sitting
on dirty things while naked after one of his costars came  down
with a very troublesome rash from not being careful.  He was  out
of work for several months after the rash was gone because of  fear
from the females he worked with.

Greg could see the surrounding area quite well in the bright
moonlight.  The large stump he stopped at was almost five feet
across and about four feet high.  He paced a bit around it and
then finally found a small area of grass covered ground to sit  on.

Just as he was getting comfortable, he heard another shot  ring out.

"That can't have been for me.  It was too far away.  It  sounded
like it was still in the house.  Maybe they found who  really
killed Sylvia.  Tanya must have told them that I was  fucking her
at the time.  What a great alibi."  He smiled.

Greg stood up.  He was quite excited.  He jumped up onto the  stump
to get a better view of the mansion just to see if he could  see
anything that might indicate that he was safe.  He walked  toward
the center of the stump, facing the castle.  He could see  the
lights of the first floor and decided to get closer.

Greg lifted his right foot to walk to the edge of the stump  when
the  top seemed to cave in.  He fell straight into the  stump, but,
as he fell the stump didn't topple in after him.  He  fell into
a wide vertical tunnel and down away from the top of  the stump.
He could see the moonlight through the top of the  stump, yet the
top did not cave in around him.  It was uncanny,  but the stump
was still intact.

As he fell farther, the tunnel opened up to an immense  cavern.  The
hole he came out of slowly disappeared above him as  he slowly fell.
The fall was unnaturally slow, but the bottom  was still unseen.

There was a weird iridescence that enabled him to see as if  he
were standing on the surface during the dawn.  The cavern  seemed
endless and the tranquillity drew Greg into a sense of  safety.
But he was falling; slowly, but still falling.

"What the fuck happened?" he asked himself out loud.

"You fell into our world, somehow.  We don't get you guys  down
here often."

Greg looked around.  He saw no one, yet he quite surely  heard
someone.

"What?" was all he could get out.

"I think you heard me quite well, actually.  You seem to be  just
like all of the other underbelievers."

"What?" he said again, and then added, "Who are you?"

"A much better question.  I am Orgazum of the Sexualites.  I  saw
you fall from one of the windows above.  It doesn't happen  often,
but sometimes the conditions are right and one of you  upperlanders
will enter our world."

"How do I get out? back to my own world... back through the  tree
stump?"

"Practice.  Most never make it."

"Why can't I see you?  Where are you?"

"You will when your eyes adjust to our light."

The voice was right.  As Greg fell, he began to see the man
coming into view.  The person he saw was about his size, naked,
and jacking off at an incredible rate.  Greg stared.

Orgazum noticed that Greg was still falling faster and  faster so
he said, "Jackoff or die."

"What?"

"You should not ask so many questions.  You should listen to  answers
a little more."  Orgazum slowed down the movement on his  long cock
and began to fall at Greg's rate.  He speeded up the  motion and
his falling slowed.

Greg got the idea, and began fondling his own cock.  As it  began
filling out to its full length and thickness, Greg began to  slow
down.  He jacked off as fast as Orgazum and slowed to his  rate.

"You're good.  Most of your people don't catch on fast  enough or
refuse to masterbate.  They usually hit the ground  pretty hard.
They think that we can stop them."

Greg experimented with the speed of his masterbation and  felt
himself slowing down or speeding up.  Soon the ground came  into
view and he could see the effect of his jacking off.

"I'm going to cum soon, Orgazum.  What will that do?"

"Try to hold off until you land or else you will drop like a  rock."

Greg held back as he well as he could, but the climax was  building
in him as he rubbed his prick at a speed that felt safe  for
falling.

"If your going to cum too soon, relax a bit and let the  speed build.
Then just before the ground, pump like mad and  flare out.  You may
make it."  He waved his free hand at the  crowd below on the ground.

Orgazum did stop jacking off, and speeded up quite a bit.   Greg
followed suit.  And just as he instructed Greg, Orgazum  pumped
his cock very hard and pulled up to a soft landing on his  feet.
At the moment of touchdown his long cock pumped a few  times on its
own and a large wad of white cum shot out of its  head.  Two girls
had managed to scramble to where he landed and  knelt just in time
to be sprayed with the hot liquid.  It was  such a large wad, and
shot out in such a large spray that it hit  both of them.  The semen
dripped down their faces and onto their  voluptuous nude bodies.

Greg came in for a landing and pumped his cock.  He speeded  up
the hand job until he slowed down, but the orgasm built in him
to the point that he let loose with his load of cum several feet
before the ground.  A very lovely girl with huge breasts was  under
his spray.  It wasn't nearly so large as Orgazum's but it  landed
in the cleavage between the two massive breasts.  The girl  wiped
it with her hands and rubbed it between her legs.  She  knelt down
and went into a rather violent orgasm.  Greg started  falling at
the normal rate of acceleration as defined by the laws  of physics.
He landed rather hard, but was unharmed.

When he got up the girl who caught his sperm was walking  over
to him.  "Hi."

Greg looked up at the gorgeous lass.  "Hi.  I'm terribly  sorry I
got you wet."

"Don't be ridiculous, my boy.  She tried to get in the way."
Orgazum came over and helped him to his feet.  "You're pretty  good.
We may be able to send you back to your own world, yet."

"What do you mean by 'may be able to'?" asked Greg, who was  rather
confused at the whole experience.

"It's not up to us.  We can help but you will have to do the  work
yourself.  So far no one has ever gone back, but you look as  if
you have a special talent for sex that may get you back."

"I need some more instruction, Orgazum."

"Later.  I'll tell you all you want to know.  But first, let  us
get some food and rest a bit.  That took quite a bit out of  me.
You just had to fall, but I had to climb up to you and then  come
down with you.  I'm tired."

Greg brushed himself off and looked around.

"I know from the others who have fallen here that you  probably
know next to nothing about us."

"Not next to nothing.  Absolutely nothing."

"Well then let me do some introductions and I'll try to  explain
about us."  Orgazum motioned to the girl with the giant  tits.
"This is my daughter, Orgasi.  She caught your cum as you  landed so
by tradition she gets the next fuck.  When you get more  experience
you can get several at a time like I did.  In big  crowds, it can
be the start of several days of orgies.  Now  naturally your being
an outsider, we won't force you to live by  our customs, so if you
would rather not fuck my daughter, just  say so."

Greg stood dumbfounded.  "I... I... I would be honored to  obey
your customs... when in Rome and all that."  Greg couldn't  think
of anything he would rather do than fuck that beautiful  chick.

"Your phrases are strange to me, and I don't know your name.
But I think we will get along just fine."

"My name is Greg.  Greg Up."

"Greg Up from up.  How prophetic.  This may have some  significance.
I'll have to check with  Adultrian, he's our  current seer and
religious counsel."

Orgazum grabbed Greg's arm and led him through the small  crowd with
had gathered around.  He made several introductions as  they walked.
Orgasi and the two girls who caught Orgazum's cum  followed them as
they headed through the crowd of onlookers.   Everyone was naked.
The entire population seemed to be stark  naked.  In fact several
were engaged in sexual acts as Greg and  Orgazum passed by.

THIRTEEN

They soon came upon a village, complete with houses, people,
activity, and....  The strange difference first noticed by Greg  was
that the houses had no roofs.  Orgazum explained that they  had a
constant temperature all the time.  Actually the word  temperature
had no meaning but was learned from another visitor  from above.
Since there was never a variance, there was never a  need to name
the change in heat.  Sex generated heat was the only  temperature
change anywhere in Sexualiti and it had its own  names.  The weather,
another word from above, never changed.  No  rain (water from the
sky?  sky?), no wind.  No reason to provide  the shelter of the
topside world.

"Our houses are only for minimal privacy... for added  excitement
of pretend secrecy. We have no personal property and  since most of
what you do behind closed doors is done in  community areas with
all present and participating, we have no  need for much privacy.
It is a quaint notion that we enjoy  toying with.  A little privacy
is very erotic and can be the  start of some great sexual games.
We're very big on sex games."

Greg noticed the busy village as they entered.  The streets  were
lined with naked people having sex.  To his left, Greg saw a  girl
being held by her thighs by two guys as a third  fucked her  from
behind.  She was hanging onto a fourth as she sucked his  cock.
Greg watched the girl go at it for some time.  When the  cock in
her mouth was ready to cum, she released it and let it  squirt
all over her face.  When it was finished shooting off, she  sucked
it back into her mouth.  The guy fucking her also shot off  about
that time.  His sperm covered her back in an enormous  quantity.
He then switched with one of the guys holding her as  the other one
switch places with the one who got the blowjob.   All this without
letting her touch the ground; completely  floating.

Greg then noticed that the guys who were currently engaging  in
sex were not touching the ground either.  As they got closer  to
an orgasm, they lifted farther from the ground.  Then as the  cum
sprayed from their cocks, they dropped like a rock.  Greg  noticed
that the girl was not being held up by the two guys, but  just
being steadied.  When everyone had cum, the guy who fucked  her
last bent down and stuck his face into the dripping crotch.

The girl raised farther from the ground as the mouth and  tongue
worked over her pussy.  She lifted so far that she had to  drop
the cock from her mouth.  Up she went.  The guy eating her  was on
his feet standing upright holding on to her with his arms  as she
raised them both from the ground.  He was several feet and  seemed
to hover.

A second girl was walking by  and noticed that the guy's  cock was
just about at her face level.  She came over and started  sucking
the growing rod.  She sucked it deeply into her mouth  until it
went passed the opening of her throat.  She let it out  again and
then grabbed onto the guy's waist as he went higher  into the air.
The second girl then lifted off the ground and one  of the other
guys pulled her pussy to his face and the oral sex  ladder went on.
Three more people joined before the total weight  overcame the
combined sexual power and the last person barely got  off the
ground.

Orgazum explained later that the upper participants got too  tired
to pull their own weight very high so they became a burden  on
the others.  This phenomenon eventually led to the total  weight
of the group being too much.  A great sport grew up around  this
sex game.  The record is forty-six people reaching a bottom  height
of one hundred and fifteen feet. More have gone up, but  not as high.
Rules have been enacted due to serious injury that  has been caused
from premature climaxes and other such mishaps.

The three continued down the street.  Orgazum explained  things
to Greg as they came upon them.  Orgasi walked beside them  and
added to the stories now and then.  Soon they entered one of  the
roofless houses.

Inside was a startling woman who appeared to be a slightly  older
version of Orgasi.  In fact, she turned out to be Orgasi's  mother.

"Please to meet you, Greg from Up."

"Just Greg, if you please."

"Sure, Greg.  Call me Climi.  It's short for Climaxiana."

Greg was shown to a doorless room just to the side of the  main room
of the house.  There were several very comfortable  looking beds.

"You can get some rest if you'd like, Greg.  It has been a
tremendous experience for you, I'm sure, and you probably need  some
rest after the long decent.  It's truly amazing that you  made it.
You'll be an inspiration to our young ones.  Anyone who  can free
fall from that height and jack his way to a safe landing  is someone
to be admired.  When you've rested we will have  something to eat
and discuss your plans here."

Greg walked over to one of the beds and laid down.  Within a  very
short time he was asleep.  His mind race directly to a  series of
strange dreams.  Each dream was stranger that the one  before it
and yet each one fell short of the strangeness of the  days events.
He went from an island haven, where he was staring  in a nice, fun,
safe, sex film, to a nightmare where he was being  shot at by the
producer of the film, to running for his life  through the woods,
to falling through a tree stump into another  world, to falling
through that world to his death, only to be  helped by a naked man
masterbating, and then he himself jacked  off to slow his fall.
And the day didn't seem to be over yet.

Greg's dreams eventually settled down to somewhat normal.
He began having the sex dreams he enjoyed so much in the past.
His cock got very hard and extended to its full ten inch length.
Soon he was in a normal state, dreaming that some shapely girls
were playing with his prick.  He slept for hours.

FOURTEEN

When he did finally wake, Greg opened his eyes to see Orgasi
kneeling on the bed between his legs.  Her mouth was wrapped  around
his hard shaft.  Her head was bobbing up and down as she  sucked
the rod in and then pulled it out.  She noticed Greg move  his head
for a better view.

"Hi.  I'm sorry if I woke you.  I looked in and saw how hard  your
cock was and I could not resist.  I am suppose to get the  next fuck
from you, you know.  You told Daddy you would follow  our customs."
She put her mouth back on the cock and continued  the blowjob.

"It's all right.  It was a wonderful way to wake up.  Please
continue."

Orgasi forced the cock into her mouth.  It rammed against  the back
of her throat and stopped for a second before she  relaxed her neck
and the shaft slid into the slender tube leading  to her stomach.
She sucked it as far down as it would go and  held it.  She reached
for his balls and gently massaged them as  she pulled the long,
thick rod out of her mouth.  As it  reappeared in the open air, she
stuck her tongue out and licked  the head.  She moved her tongue up
and down the long dick.  She  licked down to his balls and one by
one sucked each into her  mouth and played with it; rolling them
around with her tongue.   Then she started back up the throbbing
shaft until she reached  the head after ten inches of licking.

"Do you like that, Greg?'

"I love it.  Of course I love it."

"Your cock feels so different from the guys around here.  It  feel
more pliable, softer, and yet more solid, harder.  It is as  if
I could do anything I wanted with it... bend it, straighten  it,
shrink it, expand it.  It's a wonderful cock."

"Do what ever you want with it.  It feels so good."  Greg  just
laid back on the bed.

"Let's make you fly."

Orgasi took most of her body weight off Greg.  She used both  of her
hands to beat his cock.  The slippery saliva left from her  mouth,
made the prick very slick.  She jacked him off expertly.   then
she moved her lips back to the head of his dick and forced  it to
enter her mouth, giving a slight resistance by making the  shaft
force her mouth to open.  The tight hole excited Greg even  more.
She continued her blowjob and handjob, and Greg began to  feel
himself getting lighter.  His cock began to throb with a  force he
never knew before.  His whole body eventually lifted off  the bed
as he neared an orgasm.  Then he was about a foot off the  bed and
starting to cum.

"I'm cumming!  Suck it, Orgasi!  I'm cumming!"

"Cum in my face."  Orgasi pulled the cock out of her mouth.
"Shoot that load of sperm into my hair.  Lubricate my breasts
with it.  Cream me, Greg."

Greg shot an impressive amount of the white semen out the  end of his
cock.  It did splash Orgasi's face and dripped down to  his own cock.
Orgasi used it as extra lubrication to enable her  to rub harder.
As she pulled and pushed on Greg's cock, it  seemed to stretch.
Greg could swear it was fifteen inches long  as it shot out the
last wad, straight into Orgasi's open mouth.   Without closing
it, she brought it down on his cock.  She forced  it to the back
of her throat again and deep throated the larger  rod.  It went
all the way into her.  Her face was flat against  Greg's pelvis.
Then Greg felt the shaft begin to subside.  It  was shrinking.
He could feel it.  Then he pulled it out of the  lovely mouth.

When the head emerged, the cock still had its full ten inch  stature,
though it was still shrinking.  This phenomenon was  strange to him.

"You're amazing, Greg.  I've never seen a cock do that  before.
I must play with it again sometime."

Greg was too stunned to say anything.  He let it fall from  his mind.
After all he has seen many things that he did not  understand.
A stretching cock was just one more.  He would find  out even
more later.

When the experience was over, they got up and Orgasi took  Greg to
the wash room.  They both cleaned up and went to the  dining area
where Orgazum and Climi were already eating breakfast  or lunch,
or some meal.  Orgazum later explained that there was  no real
concept of time.  The light of their world was also  constant.
They rested when they were tired, not when some  artificial device
said it was time to sleep.  But catnaps after  sex was more usual
than a full several hour sleep.

"Any other questions on your first day in Sexualiti?"  Climi  asked.

"How do I get back to my world?"

"Well, Greg, it won't be easy.  Actually no one has ever  made it
back.  I, and one other from my world, have gone into  your world,
but never has one from your world returned.  You see,  in order to
return, you have to go back up and out one of the  windows at the
top of our world.  We know of six windows but it  is very hard to
get to them."

"But surely there must be a way.  How did you do it?"

"That was years ago, when I was in my prime.  Back when I  fathered
Orgasi.  I was a real stud back then.  I acquired most  of the
records in our annual sex game competitions, and they all  stand
today."  Orgazum stared up and a blank but smiling look  came to
his face.  "You have to generate enough lift to rise the  great
distance to the top.  Then you have to remain there while  you wait
for the right moment.  When the window pulses, you  thrust through
it and climb the rest of the way out."

"By 'generate enough lift' you mean that I have to  masterbate my
way to the window?"

"That's right.  Jack off."

"Only four people have ever reached the windows and only two  of us
could last long enough to wait for the pulsing.  I'm sad to  say
that those other two couldn't last to get back down.  They  spent
everything they had getting up and then ejaculated shortly  after
reaching the windows.  They were killed in the fall."

"Oh, Orgazum, it makes me horny just remembering the fuck I  got
when you returned.  You were gone quite some time and we  didn't
know what to think.  But then, as if by magic, you came  down
to us.  I remember your masterful landing.  You shot your  wad just
inches from the ground and I caught the whole thing.   The cum hit
me square in the face and dripped down my breasts.  I  carefully
licked off all I could.  I so desperately wanted to be  the first
to fuck you then."  Climi massaged her pussy and gave  herself a
mini-orgasm just by remembering.

"I and Cockcum, who was years before my time, made it  through.
We could rest in your world before our attempt to  return here.
When I got back, Climi agreed to mother my child  and we've been
together ever since.  I only tried once after that  and barely
made it back alive.  I got to the window just as it  pulsed shut
and I couldn't stay up long enough to wait for it to  pulse open.
I climaxed and began to fall.  Luckily, I was able  to get hard
enough to slow my acceleration a bit and then Climi  had risen to
meet me and we engaged in a sixty-nine position.   This brought my
cock around to its full thickness and we were  able to reposition
so I could put my cock in her pussy.  By  fucking each other, we
came to a very gentle landing.  I promised  her not to try again."

"So that is how you know so much about my world."

"My visit and the stories of the few who fell into here and  lived."

They spent the next few hours talking about both worlds.   Orgazum
did most of the talking and Greg did most of the  listening.
Climi and Orgasi were in and out of the room several  times as they
took care of other matters.

Orgazum explained that in Sexualiti, there is something just  the
opposite of a contraceptive.  It seems that it is impossible  for
a Sexualite to get pregnant without the aid of a cockle  implant.
Cockles are a tiny furry growth found near the shore of  lakes.
They must be implanted in the cunt before sex in order  for pregnancy
to occur.

This type of talk went on for some time when Orgazum got up  and
said, "I think it's time to see what you can do.  We need to  start
to build your sexual ability if you ever hope to get back  to your
own world.  Normally I would not even begin to encourage  you to try.
But you seem to have a natural ability.  You may  just make it."

"I want to try."  Greg got up and joined Orgazum, who walked  into
the larger main room.

"Let's start here and see what you can do.  Ok, get a hard  on."

Greg looked at Orgazum dumbfoundedly.

"Start jacking off or whatever you need to do to get a  boner.
You need a stiff cock first."

Greg slowly began rubbing his cock.  Orgazum did likewise  and had
a very stiff prick in no time.  Greg took a bit longer  but soon
had his ten inches pointing up manfully.

"Ok, now as you pump up and down you should feel yourself  become
lighter.  The deeper the sexual feeling the higher you'll  go.
Try it."

Greg wrapped his right hand around his thick shaft and began  pulling
and pushing.  Sure enough, as he lost his self  consciousness, he
began to get into it and started to rise.  He  pumped harder and
rose several feet off the ground.  By jacking  faster he rose high
enough to see over the walls of the house.   He could see even see
into the next house.  This stunned him.

Inside the next house he saw Climi sitting on a couch.  But  she
wasn't sitting on the couch... she was sitting on someone.
Greg could see a man on the couch behind her.  He had his cock in
her pussy.  "She was a beautiful lady," he thought.  She moved up
and down on the long dick as she fondled her breasts.  They were
huge -- about the size of Orgasi's lovely breasts.  She then  reached
down and rubbed her clit between her thumb and finger.   Soon she was
rising off the man, but he rose up to meet her and  they maneuvered
around enough to hold onto the furniture as they  fucked.

Greg became very excited watching the mother of Orgasi  fucking the
man.  He kept his masterbation going subconsciously  and still rose
higher yet.  The couple in the next house seemed  unaware that he
was watching.  The cock kept sliding in and out  with greater speed.
They were almost ready to climax as a third  person came into view.
It was Orgasi.  She grabbed hold of the  man's legs and pulled
him toward her.  She then pushed several  fingers into his ass and
squeezed his balls with her free hand.

Climi fucked faster and harder as Orgasi squeezed and poked  with
the same vigor.  Soon the man was at his climax.  Orgasi  pulled
him lower so he would be near the soft couch.  Then she  pulled his
cock out of Climi's pussy as Climi pushed away and  caught herself.
Orgasi moved her head up and place the prick in  her mouth, then
resumed the ball squeezing and ass poking.  It  was obvious when
the man started cumming.  His body twitched and  Orgasi tried her
best to keep the cock in her mouth.  Greg could  see her throat
moving rhythmically as she swallowed the semen.   She then slowed
the motion of her hands and allowed the man to  lower softly to
the couch.  She pulled her hands away and then  let the shrinking
dick slide from her mouth.

Only then did Greg realize that Orgazum was right beside him  at
about twenty feet elevation.  He was stroking his cock only  about
half as vigorously as Greg was.  He smiled at Greg.

"See why we think houses with no roofs are more erotic than  the
ones you live in?"  He looked back at his daughter and her  mother
and the other man.  "Hello," he yelled as he waved his  free hand.

"Hello, dear," yelled Climi as she looked up and waved.

"Hi Daddy, Hi Greg."  Orgasi wiped her lips with her hand  and
began rubbing between her legs.

With very little apparent effort, Orgasi lifted off the  ground
and moved slowly over to Greg and Orgazum.  When she  arrived,
she wrapped her legs around Greg and helped him slid his  cock into
her wet and hot pussy.  Greg could remove his hand  completely as
the dick entered her cunt.  He slowly fucked her  and stayed in
flight easily.

"See how easy it is when you have synergy?  Just warn me if  you're
going to cum so we can prepare to land."

"I'm told, Greg," Orgazum began to speak, "that my little  Orgasi
is even better at fucking than her mother was when she was  in her
prime.  And let me tell you, Climi was the best lay in  Sexualiti.
She is still one of the best and that includes those  girls half
her age.  Speaking of age, Orgasi would be comparable  to a girl
of nineteen or twenty in your world.  Her mother and I  would be
about forty or a little more.  But time here is vastly  different
from time in your world."

Greg was still a little uncomfortable with the things he  found here.
"Doesn't it bother you that I'm screwing your  daughter?  and what
about your wife?  we just saw her fucking  another man.?"

"You still have a lot to learn about us, Greg.  Sex isn't  the
private, taboo thing that your world has made it.  Sex is the  most
enjoyable pleasure we have.  We want to share it with  everyone.
Our children are taught the pleasures of sex at the  earliest
possible age.  They grow up with it.  The highest  complement that
can be paid to me is for someone to want to fuck  my daughter.
It shows me that they think I have produced  something very lovely.
And as for Climi, she is not my wife.  We  don't have marriage here.
We choose mates for the purpose of  creating offspring.  Each person
is allowed to have one child.   Any guy may choose any girl to mother
his child and that child  becomes his.  Any girl may choose any guy
to father her child and  that child becomes hers.  Some girls of
good stock, large tits,  well developed bodies, good sexual sense,
plus other attributes,  get to mother quite a few children for
different fathers and  every once in a while a girl who is rather
plain or sickly, will  have a friend mother her child by a father of
her choosing.  So  you see it is all quite a social thing with us."

"Let's get a little lower, Greg.  I'm about to cum."  Orgasi
interrupted the conversation.

They all began to descend and Orgazum continued.  "Climi and  I
had two together.  Orgasi was for me and then later, Cummore  was
born for her.  Cummore has moved to another village.  He  wants
to see our world before he settles down.  Having two  children by
the same parents is very unusual though but we were  so please
with the results of Orgasi that Climi wanted us to try  again.
We have actually parented two others for the ruling  houses of two
other villages.  After all, I am the reigning sex  champion and
Climi holds many records of her own."

As they lowered to the floor of the large room in Orgazum's  house,
Orgasi began to scream with pleasure.  She hopped up and  down on
Greg's cock.  Greg was ready to cum himself.

"I'm cumming too.  Get a good hold on the ground."

"Cum in me, Greg.  Cum inside my pussy!"

Greg began to shoot off in her sucking cunt.  She screamed  even
louder and hopped up and down with greater speed.  Greg  thrust
his cock back and forth as hard as he could.

"Fuck me!  Fuck!  Cum in me!  Cum!"

Several wads of sperm spurted from the head of Greg's dick  and into
the hot hole.  He began to feel his weight lowering onto  his feet.
Orgasi became heavier also as she relaxed and her  screams and
moans died down.  She stayed wrapped around him as  Greg lowered
to his knees.

"You are a fantastic fuck, Greg.  Daddy, he's better than  Spermite.
We could really get high,  Greg."  Orgasi lowered  herself to the
floor as Greg's cock slid out of her slippery  pussy.

"Spermite is one of the current sex champs.  He has come  very
close to some of the records I set in my youth.  If she says  you
are better than him, then that is quite a complement."

Just then Climi came into the room (walking), followed by  the man
she was fucking.

"Ah, Cockson.  Allow me to introduce, Greg Up, from the  world
above us.  Greg, this is my best friend, Cockson.  He and I   grew
up together.  We vied for the same records during our  heyday.
He still tries to keep up with me, but it gets a little  harder
for us both these days... the younger fellas are giving us  a run
for our money."

Greg shook Cockson's hand and they had a few moments of  conversation
before he had to leave.

"So, I'll see you at the orgy later," said Cockson.  "I want  to
fuck your ass, Climi.  I haven't done that in awhile."

"You've been gone on your travels so much recently, I never  get
to fuck you as much as I would like."  Climi kissed him  before he
turned to leave.  It was a very long french kiss.

"We'll gang-bang her tonight... get Greg involved, also."
Orgazum shook his hand and slapped his back as he left.

"Now, Greg, let's plan your training.  We have a lot of work  to
do if you are ever to return to your world."  They left the  girls
and headed out the door.

FIFTEEN

The two men spent the next few hours walking around  Orgazum's
village and discussing what it would take to send Greg  back to the
world from which he came.  Since the basic training  involved more
and more sex, Greg was extremely anxious to get  started.

"All that can wait.  Right now we should get over to Main  Arena.
The orgy should be starting soon.  It will be a real  experience for
you, I'm sure, to see one of our orgies.  I was at  one in your world
while I was there and it was boring compared to  ours.  Let's go."

Greg and Orgazum walked toward the center of the village.   When they
arrived, Greg could see that the arena was shaped much  like a very
small football stadium.  There was a square center  section at the
bottom of a bowl shaped hole in the ground.   Instead of seats,
there were terraces of soft padding reaching up  to ground level.

They saw Climi and Orgasi on the bottom terrace along with  Cockson
and a few other men and women.

"Cockson, Climi and I are able to get first level seats at  all
orgies because we were champions.  Anyone who breaks a record  or
is able to establish a record for something new, is given  special
treatment.  I and Cockson still hold most of the male  records, and
Climi holds several of the female records.  Climi  and I together
have several mixed records."

The two walked down to the others and Greg was introduced to  all.
Within a short period of time, the arena filled with people  and the
level of excitement rose dramatically.  Several younger  members
could not wait for the orgy to begin so they began  fucking right
away.  Before too long of a wait, several men and  women started
walking out onto the padding of the center section,  which had been
vacant until now.

Orgazum began to explain.  "Before we start the group orgy  we
will have competition among the best sexual athletes in the  land.
This game is special in that we have participants from all  over
Sexualiti.  This is the opening of a series of ten games  held
throughout the land.  Before they are over, we will have  seen the
best sex of our time.  Hopefully we'll see some new  records and
maybe even some ingenious new sex."

The group in the center consisted of about twenty who  started
fondling each other in one mass of naked bodies.

"They are warming up."  explained Orgasi.  She sat down and  pulled
Greg down beside her.

Soon everyone had taken a seat on the soft padding of the  bowl and
began to watch as the group in the center warmed up.   Several guys
were fucking the shit out of several girls as Greg  watched.  It was
not like anything he had seen before.  If an  orgy back home started
out this energetically, it wouldn't last  long.  Soon the group of
twenty stood up, holding hands in a  circle facing outward toward
the audience -- they bowed.  A roar  and the sound of clapping rose
from the bowl as the games began.

The circle remained as the girls bent over and spread their  legs.
The guys stood behind them and placed their cocks in the  waiting,
wanton pussies.  With a few rhythmic motions back and  forth, in
and out, the girls were able to lift their legs off the  ground and
wrap them around the guys' backs.  They reached up  with their arms
and wrapped them around the guy in front of them.   This allowed
them to stroke the girls in front of them also.   They each grabbed
a cock in one hand and massaged the shaft as it  pulled out and
pushed back into the cunt it was fucking.

With their other hand, the girls rubbed the clits of the  girls
being fucked.  The guys then began walking around the  circle,
faster and faster as they fucked faster and faster.   Before too
long, all but two of the guys lifted their legs off  the ground.
These two kept the circle revolving in a uniform  manner until it
had gained quite a bit of speed.  Then even they  lifted their legs.

The whole circle lifted about thirty feet off the ground.   This put
them about halfway up the arena bowl.  They continued to  fuck
and fondle as they spun in a very circular movement.  The  crowd
went wild as they watched.  The group stayed aloft for a  long
time before they began to climax.  One by one they would  break
away from the spinning circle and slowly descend to the  ground.
The guys would shoot a wad of cum at the others as they  broke off,
then jack off all the way to the ground in a slow  spinning motion.
The girls would stick several fingers in their  cunts with one hand
and several in their asses with the other and  then fall straight
down on their backs, only to be caught by a  guy on the ground.

The circle would close up as each person left.  The circular  spin
continued and the fucking went without missing a beat.  When  only
four participants were left, they began varying the movement  by
changing position.  The two girls released their grip on the  guy
in front and the other girl.  Then each couple quickly  shifted to
a sixty-nine position while the guys held each others  left hand
to keep spinning.

The guys then spun the girls around so they were able to eat  the
pussies with the girl straight up in the air.  They then  jacked
themselves off with their free hand.  The semen spraying  the group
of sixteen below.  Then as the descended, they licked  the girls'
clits hard enough to cause the girls to keep them from  falling very
fast.  The guys touched down and the girls landed  softly on their
shoulders.  The girls screamed in unison as they  both climaxed.

The whole group then took another bow and left.  The crowd  called
them back for several encores.  They split up into little  groups
and performed various sexual acts that delighted the  watchers.
When they finished, six more groups, large and small,  took to the
center of the arena to show their sex.

When the games were over, most of the arena was already  engaged
in their own sex.  Orgasi had her mouth wrapped around  Greg cock.
It replaced her hand which held his cock through most  of the
games.  She had his massive prick bulging at its full ten  inches.
Climi then scooted over and with Orgasi's aid, managed  to lift,
the now very light, Greg a foot or so off the padding of  the arena.
She laid down and positioned her head under his ass  and stuck
her tongue out, licking the  circular muscle around the  opening.
Greg was very excited by this and nearly screamed with  pleasure
when Climi pushed her tongue into his asshole.

Her tongue went a good two inches into his ass as his cock  went all
of ten inches into Orgasi's mouth.  This made him cum  very fast.
He shot off in Orgasi's mouth.  She just swallowed  and sucked
harder.  The two girls kept at him though and his cock  didn't
shrink a bit.  Actually, when Orgasi pulled her mouth off  of it,
his prick just kept sliding from her mouth.  Nearly twenty  inches
pulled from her throat.

"My, God!" yelled Greg.

"Great!" yelled Orgasi, who pulled and sucked and pushed and  sucked
and pulled and sucked some more.

Climi reached her hands around and fondled his balls as  Orgasi
made his cock stretch out to over thirty inches.  This  caught
the attention of several people nearby who came over to  join in.
Soon seven girls, besides Orgasi and her mother, were  playing with
Greg's long and massive cock.  Each one took turns  swallowing the
super shaft.  Each one tried to swallow more than  the one before.
Soon Orgasi was able to shove the entire thirty-  three inches into
her mouth.  Climi stopped licking his ass and  sat up to watch as
the others were.

Orgasi was moaning joyously as she tried to stretch it more.
Several minutes later as she knelt in front of Greg, who was
standing now, she gave a series of small shoves and the head
of  Greg's cock appeared at her pussy.  Greg was fucking her and
getting a blowjob at the same time.  He could not believe this.
It was not possible.  But that didn't keep him from enjoying it.

With more pulling from Orgasi, the cock grew longer and  longer.
Soon it was sticking almost a foot beyond her pussy and  she
was floating, along with Greg, several feet above the ground.
Climi began sucking the head of his cock.  It grew more and soon
she had swallowed several feet and it appeared at her cunt also.
Greg had now done something that no one in Sexualiti had done.
He was actually being sucked by two women at the same time and
each was being fucked by him.  Their clits were getting maximum
pleasure as the threesome floated above the crowd, who were not
fucking each other anymore, but watching Greg, Orgasi, and Climi.

One of the girls who joined Orgasi in sucking Greg's growing  cock,
rubbed her own clit and pussy until she was able to float  up and
join the threesome.  She began sucking the end that poked  out
of Climi.  They all stayed like this for a long time.  As  Orgasi
moved up and down on the giant cock, her pussy would ram  into
Climi, who would lick her clit and fondle her.  The same  thing
would happen as Climi move toward the end of the cock.  The  third
girl would get to meet with Climi's cunt.

Greg then said that he was ready to cum so the group floated  back
toward the ground.  A few feet above it, Greg's cock began  to
pump and throb like her never felt before.  Soon a massive  amount
of cum spouted from the head.  The third girl tried to  swallow
it all but after several tries she had to pull her mouth  away.
What seemed like gallons sprayed from the end.  Each pump  of semen
could be felt by Orgasi and Climi as it moved down their  throats
and out their pussies, into the next.

Greg touched down and the girls floated a few feet off the  ground.
They then began to slid off his cock.  Climi slid off as  the shaft
began to shrink and Orgasi did likewise.  Soon the dick  was near
its normal size and Greg fell to the ground, exhausted.

The crowd roared and by the close of the orgy, every girl  had taken
a turn at Greg, Though most got nothing more than a  chance to suck
his soft, limp, cock.  It was enough for them,  just to know what
the cock did earlier.

As they walked back to Orgazum's house, they talked over the
possibilities that could be with Greg's ability to make his cock
any size he wanted.  Back home, Greg would have given anything  for
just another inch or two, and here he was over seventy inches  long
and could probably go further with practice.

Orgazum continued to do most of the talking.  "So as I was  saying,
the reason that the floating orgies can get higher than  singles
masterbating is that synergy takes place.  There is more  sexual
energy between two people fucking together, than if you  could add
the energy of two people masterbating.  The problem is  that as you
get more and more people involved the added energy,  the marginal
energy, is reduced.  We call that the law of  diminishing returns.
I believe you have the same term in your  world, but for different
things.  Eventually, adding another  person actually reduces the
amount of total energy."

"So there is limit to the number that can float," said Greg.

"Not exactly," corrected Orgazum.  "The actual number  floating can
go on pretty much indefinitely, but the height they  can obtain is
reduced.  We call this 'ground effect' -- another  term I believe
you use for something else.  Now if you can fuck  two girls at
once, you can get the added lift of more than two  girls.  We are
able to do this now if we eat one and fuck the  other.  This is the
technique used for breaking the records.   Everyone in the group is
responsible for regular and oral sex.   The more motion the higher
the lift.  But with you stretching  your cock out, you can get oral
sex and fucking at the same  time."  Orgazum almost shouted at his
own excitement.

Climi picked up on the speech.  "By adding another girl, you  can
get almost the same lift as adding a girl and a guy.  But,  you've
added less than half the weight."

"Your lift to weight ratio is much greater than it could  ever
be otherwise."  Orgazum smiled and you could see his mind  racing
at the possibilities.

SIXTEEN

"A time equivalent of four of your weeks have past since you
arrived, though you won't notice it when you return, and I think  we
have done a fantastic job.  You and Orgasi have explored just  about
every way possible to have sex.  The two of you have  reached heights
that have been reached by very few couples and  only a handful of
individuals.  I think it is time you try to  reach the windows."
Orgazum was finishing a long speech to Greg.

"I've never fucked so much in my life.  I'm not so sure I  want
to go back.  Orgasi and the other girls I've fucked are the  best
lays I've ever had.  If the girls back home could suck a  cock or
even squeeze my dick the way your girls do, it would be a  much
better world."

Orgasi slid Greg's cock from her mouth long enough to say,  "thank
you," and then wrapped her lips back around the fat shaft  of
hard flesh.

"You have had the best we can offer, in Orgasi, her mother,  and
her friends.  Not every girl can handle a cock the way they  do.
Anyway, I want you to try for the top.  You and Orgasi  should make
it easily."

"Let's give it a try then, Orgazum."  Greg pulled the  beautiful
head off his prick and stood up.

"Go to it you two," said Orgazum.

Orgasi rubbed and played with his rod.  She began to pull  and pull
until it stretched and grew fatter in her hands.   Without slowing
the fondling, she placed the head of the large  rod at the opening
to her moist vagina.  Her lips gently parted  as the massive shaft
slowly pressed passed them.  Soon his cock  was buried deep in her
womanly hole.

The two started to rise from the ground.  Orgasi humped up  and down,
causing the cock to slide in and out of her cunt.  The  faster she
rocked, the faster they rose.  Greg placed his mouth  onto hers
and the two sets of lips opened to allow their tongues  to caress
each other.  The fucking motion never ceased and the  pair lost
track of how high they were and how fast they were  climbing.

Greg's hands found their way to Orgasi's mountainous  breasts.
He pushed and pulled and rubbed them as hard as she  went after
his cock.  Her moans got him that much more excited.   And as he
got more excited, his cock grew longer.  He could feel  the shaft
forcing its way through her chest, toward her mouth.   Each pump
up and down sent the head closer to her mouth.

Greg kept on french kissing the the perfectly shaped girl  until,
without much warning his cock came up her throat and  popped
into his mouth.  He withdrew and watched the dick poke out  of
her mouth and then disappear again as she rocked up and down.
This again excited him more and it was obvious that Orgasi got
even more excited.  She gasped at moans when she was able to make
a sound, which only happened when Greg's cock pulled down passed
her vocal cords.  Then the cock would thrust up and out into the
open air and she couldn't make a sound.

Soon the cock was long enough that it never disappeared when  she
pulled her cunt away from his body.  All the rocking and  fucking
she could managed didn't even come close to using the  entire length
of engorged flesh.  Orgasi let her hands take over  where her mouth
and pussy couldn't reach.  They both were in  ecstasy.

Just then Greg's head hit hard on the stone-like ceiling of  the
world he fell into.  "Shit, Orgasi!  We made it to the top!"

Orgasi just smiled as much as she could with the cock  filling
her mouth.

"We never bothered to look for a window.  We must look  around
for one."  Greg kept massaging her tits as he turned some  of his
attention to the exploration of the rock roof.

The two intertwined screwers bounced along the cavern roof  like
a helium balloon until they came to a tunnel of light  leading
straight up.  They followed the tunnel and came to the  underside
of the tree trunk on which Greg was standing just  before he fell
into this world.  They stayed there for a few  minutes and watched
the light grow and fade as if the window were  opening and closing.

"So that must have been what your father meant."

They continued to fuck as Greg stuck his hand through the  opening
as it got very light.  He pulled it back as it began to  fade
and darken.

"I'm getting close to cumming, Orgasi.  We better head  down."

She slowed her movement on his cock and it shrunk a little  so that
it wasn't popping out of her mouth as she thrusted her  cunt down
on it.  They descended back into the cavernous world  and slowly
fell to the ground.  Several feet above the ground,  Greg spouted a
great gob of sperm into her cunt.  It was such a  massive amount that
overflow sprayed from around her lips,  forcing itself out of her
mouth.  It also oozed between the walls  of her pussy and his cock.
The mass of cum dripped to the ground  as they both touched the hard
surface floor of the underground  world.  Greg's cock continued to
shrink and Orgasi pulled it out  of her throbbing cunt.

"We did it Daddy!  We saw the window, we watched it pulsing.
We could easily get through and into the upperland.  It was
magnificent!"  Orgasi shouted.

It seemed that the whole village had come to their landing  spot,
and Orgasi told and retold the tale of their journey to the  roof
of the world.  She verbalized every stroke of Greg's cock as  it
slid in and out of her pussy and finally up through her throat
and mouth -- a reverse deep throat.  The crowd was amazed at the
story she told and it went on for hours as they all went back to
the village and gathered in the orgy hall to hear the ending.

The fantastic adventure telling did eventually end, but not  before
Orgasi and Greg gave a demonstration of his growing cock.   The two
spent a good hour fucking and sucking for the crowd and  to top
it off, Greg entered Orgasi's pussy from behind and forced  his
extensive cock out of her mouth a good six or seven inches  and then
let loose with a great wad of cum.  He sprayed nearly  everyone in
the room as the sperm ejaculated from the cock  stretching through
Orgasi's body.

The crowd went wild and the orgy began.  Greg fucked almost  every
girl in the hall before the games were over.  The climax  again
involved Greg and his long prick.  Toward the end of the  orgy, Greg
slid his cock into Climi's cunt.  Orgasi then slid on  after it came
through Climi's mouth.  The cock still grew with  every move the
two women made.  Soon it emerged from Orgasi's  mouth and a third
girl sucked it into her mouth.  She kept  helping it to grow as it
forced itself, with her help, down her  throat and out her cunt.

This kept up until seven girls were being fucked at the same
time by Greg.  The last one had his cock deep in her asshole.
The others in the hall had stopped their own sex and watched.
As  the cock slid down the throat and out the cunt of the next to
last girl and poked in and out of the last girl's ass, Greg gave
a loud moan and shot a wad of semen into the naked woman's ass.
Its force again caused it to spray out of her mouth and onto the
bodies of the group watching them.  His rod then slowly shrank  back
out of each girl in turn.  They each fell to the ground,  exhausted,
as the cock left their bodies.

Orgasi slid off and then Climi pulled herself off, after the  cock
arrived at its smallest length.  Greg had noticed also, that  each
time his cock grew beyond its normal length, it would stay  just a
little bit longer than when it started.  His full, normal,  length
now appeared to be about eleven and a half inches.  This  was one
and a half inches longer than when he entered this world.

Near exhaustion, Greg walked back to Orgazum's house for  some sleep.
Orgazum, Orgasi, and Climi followed.  Once there,  the four laid
down to sleep, arm in arm, in one of the bedrooms.

SEVENTEEN

When Greg woke, he found Orgasi's head bobbing up and down  on
his cock.  It had grown stiff during his dreams and Orgasi  hated
to see a hard rod go to waste.  She gently licked the tip  as she
slid her hand up the length of shaft.  Then she wrapped  her mouth
around the cock and let her lips follow her hand as it  moved down
the stiff mass of flesh.  She barely hesitated as the  head rammed
gently at the opening of her throat.  With a little  extra shove
it slid into the tube of her neck.  Eleven and a half  inches of
cock buried itself in her face.

Greg watched the masterful girl work at giving him a  blowjob.
It was better than any he had had back home.  The  girls, even the
professionals he was used to working with, had no  feel for giving
pleasure the way Orgasi had.  She seemed to live  for giving and
getting as much sexual pleasure as she could.   Indeed there was
nothing else in Sexualiti to live for.

The young girl sucked and sucked Greg's cock as her mother  watched
with the pride indicative of a parent whose daughter was  above
average.  Greg's prick disappeared into her mouth for a  long time
and then reappeared only to be teased by Orgasi's  tongue and lips.
Then the cock would enter her mouth again.   Soon the sperm was
building for a gigantic explosion.

Orgasi, sensed this and reached her free hand under Greg's  body.
Two of her finger poked slowly into his asshole as the  others
squeezed his balls.  She quickened the motion of her hand  as her
head bobbed faster and faster.  At the exact moment the  cum sprayed
out the tip of the cock, Orgasi forced the throbbing  shaft down
her throat.  The cum splashed into her throat with the  force of
a cannon, but she didn't even come close to gagging.   Her hands
continued their caressing and she swallowed several  times.

The swallowing motion caused Greg to let loose with even  more cum.
This excited Orgasi who then resumed sucking and  bobbing her head
up and down.  This lasted until Greg began to  get hard again.

"Now my cunt wants you!"

Orgasi, who was already on her hands and knees bent over  Greg,
turned so her ass was pointed toward him.

"Fuck my cunt from the rear!  I need a cock in me!"

Greg got to his knees and scooted up behind the beautiful  naked
girl.  His hard dick pointed straight at the hole it wanted  to fill.
He moved forward until the tip of the cock touched the  soft moist
lips of her pussy.  Orgasi let him tease her for  awhile by gently
poking it at the dripping hole.  Then as she was  getting anxious,
he thrust the long shaft deep into her womanly  hole.

"Oh! FUCK ME!"  Orgasi writhed with pleasure as she thrust  back
to meet Greg's forward pushes.  "Fuck the shit out of me,  Greg.
Show me how you fuck the girls back home.  I want your  cock to
fill me up with cum."

Not to be left in a passive role, Orgasi reached under and  began
rubbing her clit.  Greg reached under and grabbed a tit in  each
hand.  He squeezed and rubbed her breasts as she began to  climax.
This went on for nearly ten of Orgasi's orgasms before  Greg reached
all the way under and wrapped his arms around her.   He then lifted
her up and back so that she was sitting on his lap  with his cock
buried deep in her cunt.

Greg then took over the business of masterbating her and she  moved
one of her hands to her breasts and the other to Greg's  cock
and balls.  She had several more orgasms before Greg started  his
countdown to ejaculating.  She squeezed his balls ever harder  as
his cock rammed into and out of her love canal.  Soon he was  just
about to cum so Orgasi pulled his cock from her cunt and let  the
semen spray itself all over the front of her smooth naked  body.
The white cum reached to her breasts where she rubbed it  in,
using the lubricating ability as added stimulus, giving  herself
another orgasm.  Greg rubbed the rest into her body,  moving down
to her cunt again.  The slick cum was soothing to her  vagina lips
and clitorus.  Greg rubbed until she had several more  orgasms.

"Enough," said Orgasi.  "I must rest."

Greg fell onto his back, pulling Orgasi with him.  She laid  on top
of him and fell asleep.  Greg did also.  As he slept,  Climi slowly
rolled over to him and gently pushed her face  between his legs
and Orgasi's.  She then licked his cock until it  began to grow.
The smile on his face showed Orgazum, who was  watching the scene,
that he was have more wonderful dreams.

For quite some time Climi sucked his cock.  He never woke  up.
Stroke after stroke she sucked until he finally let loose  with a wad
of cum.  She suck every last drop into her mouth as  she continued
the blowjob.  When the hot jism stopped flowing,  she let the pool of
liquid drip onto her hand.  She then rubbed  this into his cock and
Orgasi's crotch.  This made both Greg and  Orgasi, move and moan.

"Let them be for awhile, love.  They must build their  strength
for their journey to the upperworld."

"Must Orgasi go with him?"  Climi was heart broken at the  thought
of her daughter leaving home.

"Greg must go back and I think Orgasi has grown very  attached
to him.  She will want to join him."

"Let's let then rest then.  We should be going anyway.   Stiffshaft
and Cunni are expecting us at their orgy soon."

"Then there is fucking to be done, Climi.  We shan't be  late."

Orgazum and Climi quietly left the room and headed out of  the house.
Greg and Orgasi slept for quite awhile longer.

EIGHTEEN

The crowd was huge.  Everyone from the village as well as  most
of the people from the neighboring villages was there to see  the
spectacular event.  A festival was begun to honor the day  that
Greg and Orgasi left the confines of the underworld and  entered
the magnificent world above.  An orgy was going on as the  crowd
waited for the event to begin.  Orgasi was fucking several  of the
guys she knew from the village.

"We must have one more fantastic fuck from you before you  leave us,"
one of the guys was saying.

"I won't be gone forever, Rod.  But fuck me anyway.  I need  to be
as juicy as I can get so when Greg's cock slides into my  cunt we
will lift off quickly."

Orgasi had Rod lay on his back as she knelt over him.  She  used
her hands to help shove his long member into her pussy and  then
worked it back and forth.  When she had gotten her sweet sex  fluid
flowing, she motioned for one of the others to kneel behind  her
and she forced his cock up her asshole.  The three naked  bodies
writhed on the soft ground as the two pumping shafts slid  into
and then out of her body.

She fuck them both for awhile before she pulled a third guy
over to her.  His throbbing prick was bouncing in front of her
face and she had to used her hand to stop it so she could suck
it  into her mouth.  Deep it went as she sucked it all the way to
the  back of her mouth and then with a slight push, forced it into
her  throat.  She deep-throated the cock while still fucking the
two  guys under her.  One cock pumped in and out of her pussy,
one  slid up her ass, wiggled a bit and the pulled gently out,
and the  third cock was buried in her face.

As the sex went on, two other guys stood next to Orgasi and  she was
able to jack them off as she kept up the action on the  other three.
Soon the five cocks reached a simultaneous orgasm,  spraying cum into
her three holes as the two others shot wads of  the sticky fluid onto
her smooth body.  She swallowed all that  went into her mouth and
kept sucking for more until the softening  shaft was pulled free.
The two dicks fucking her cunt and ass  finally pulled free also
and then she dropped her hands from the  remaining two cocks.
Orgasi rubbed the sperm all over herself  and finished off by
masterbating to a glorious orgasm.

Greg was also busy getting fucked.  He was on his knees  behind
Climi fucking the shit out of her pussy, doggie style, as  she sucked
Orgazum's giant shaft.  The three reached their  climaxes together
and the fell back on the ground to rest.  Soon  the festival would
be in full force as Greg and Orgasi started on  their way.

"Stop fucking my mother and let's go," said Orgasi as she  walked
over to Greg.  "I'm wonderfully juicy and aching for more  cock."

"Give me a minute to recoup my strength and the wrap  yourself
around my cock and we'll be on our way."

The next several moments were filled with speeches by the  leaders
of a few of the local villages, all telling what an  important day
this was.  When the speeches were finally over,  Orgasi stooped in
front of Greg and began sucking his limp prick.   Soon it started
to grow and before long was at its full length  (which now measured
in at thirteen inches, exactly!) and ready to  start fucking.

Orgasi stood up and with a little hop, jumped into Greg's  arms
and wrapped her legs around his waist.  With great loving  care,
he slid his rock hard cock into her warm and wet pussy.   With slow
movement they fucked.

"Fuck my cock, Orgasi.  Get me off."

"Faster my love.  Fuck me faster.  Fuck me."

Faster and faster they fucked as they began to rise from the  ground.
The whole crowd cheered and clapped as the two rose  higher and
higher into the luminescent ski.  Soon they were out  of sight.

Greg's cock grew longer and longer as it had been doing  every since
he entered this sex world.  They were both at the  edge of delirium
as the rocky underside of the roof came into  view.  Soon they were
bouncing along toward the opening Greg had  fallen through.

"Shall we?"  Greg asked as he guided them both into the  narrow
tunnel leading up.

Orgasi could not answer due to the cock which stuck several  inches
out of her mouth.

"Here we are, Orgasi."

They reached the pulsating window and Greg positioned them  just
under it so they could quickly climb through as it opened.

"Ready... Set... GO!" he shouted as the light shining  through the
opening was nearing its brightest.

They only had a few seconds to climb through before it would  fade
and close on them again.  But, with the strength and speed  they
had worked up to during their practice sessions, they were  able to
climb easily onto the large stump.  Greg's cock reduced  instantly
to its normal fully erect size of thirteen inches as  they rolled
over the edge and onto the sandy ground.

"Fuck me until we cum," cried Orgasi.  "As a celebration of  our
victory!"

Greg rolled her onto her back and pumped his hard shaft in  and out
of her dripping hole as fast and hard as he could.   Orgasi pumped
just as hard until they both began quivering.   Greg's sperm shot
out with a tremendous force and seemed to boil  as it splashed
against the walls of her vagina.  They both fell  exhausted under
the stars of the night sky.

"Why can't I see anything up here?"

"It's nighttime.  We will be in the dark until morning when  the
sun comes up."

Orgasi wondered at the strange darkness which she never  experienced
in Sexualiti.  As she marveled, they both fell  asleep.  Greg dreamed
about his time in the underworld beneath  the tree stump.  A few
hours later they were awakened but it was  still dark.

"Greg!  We found you!  We've been looking for you for hours.
Tanya said you were fucking her at the time so you couldn't have
killed Sylvia."  Jess came running over to him.  "Who's the girl?
Where did she come from?"

Greg woke a little fussy.  He didn't remember the incidents  of the
night he fell through the stump very clearly.  It seemed  like such
a long time ago.

"What?  You've been looking for me for hours?  I've been  gone
for weeks."

"What's the matter, Greg?  You've been gone for about three  hours."

The night slowly came back to him.  "You nearly killed me  and now
you say I didn't do it?"

"Tanya convinced me that you were fucking her at the time  Sylvia
screamed."

"I was fucking her.  So what happened?"

"Who is the girl?"

Without mentioning the world under the stump, Greg  introduced Orgasi
to Jess.  He had called her Pam because it was  the first name which
came into his head and he didn't want to  explain anything until he
had thought it over more clearly in his  head.  Orgasi was startled
at everything and didn't say a word  except, 'how do you do'.

Tanya and Ariel came rushing up.

"We heard the commotion over here," said Tanya.  "Thank  goodness
you are all right, Greg."

The group walked back to the mansion and Jess explained what  went
on and how he had come to the conclusion that Dave was the  killer.
His story sounded complete but they all still found it  hard to
believe that Dave could have done all that.

"But we can rest soundly tonight."  Jess declared.  "Who  knows
when anyone will come to get us.  I suggest we all get  stoned and
try to forget for awhile."

Everyone agreed as they entered the den.  Jess lit a joint  and
passed it to Ariel.  He lit another and passed it to Greg.   Several
joints later, their minds were off the murders and  drifting toward
more earthy endeavors.  Jess, who was the only  one with clothes on,
took them off.

"Two guys with four girls.  That hardly seems fair," said  Tanya
with a smile as she pulled three very long dildos from a  drawer
in the bar.  "Now we have five cocks!"

For the next hour they enjoyed each others bodies.  They  marveled
at the expertise Pam had exhibited in all sexual  positions.
At one point she had Greg's cock in her ass and  Jess's in her cunt.
Ariel was standing in front of her and Pam  was playing with a dildo
in her ass and licking wonderfully at  her clit.  Tanya was kneeling,
with her face buried in Sandy's  pussy who was sitting on the floor,
and her ass high in the air  near Pam.  Pam, who seemed to like the
new name,  used one hand  to manipulate two dildos... one in Tanya's
ass and the other in  her pussy.  In she pushed the three dildos as
she rocked her hips  to and fro.  Jess and Greg were pumping her ass
and cunt madly.   In and out.  In and out.  At times together and at
times in  opposition.  In and out the cocks went.  In and out the
dildos  went.  Lap, lap, lap Pam's tongue went over the bumpiness
of  Ariel's clit and pussy lips.  The minutes stretched on and on.
The the climaxes began.  Pam showed her expert sexual prowess.
All five had simultaneous orgasms... twice!  Sandy also had a
climax caused by Tanya's tongue.

"What a fuck!" cried Jess.  "Were did you learn to screw  like
that?"

"Where did you learn to eat a pussy?" asked Ariel as she  dropped
to the floor from exhaustion.

"Your fingers are magic, love," said Tanya.  "I thought I  was good
at masterbating, but you can use a rubber cock on me any  day, Pam!"

Greg just smiled.

"And where did you come from?" asked Jess.  "How did you get  on
my island?"

"She's from another world, Jess.  A world revolving around  sex.
A world where clothing is only worn to protect people such  as house
builders... and only while they are working.  Otherwise  everyone
is stark naked and ready to fuck."

Greg went on to relate the story of how he fell through the  tree
truck and was saved by jacking off.  He described the people  of
Sexualiti and the orgies and sex games they put on.  By the  time
his story was over, everyone was looking at him and Pam with  their
mouths open.  They weren't sure they should believe him  even when
Pam swore to everything he said.  Especially hard to  believe
was Greg's mighty growing cock.  But even that began to  seem
plausible when Greg, with Pam's help, brought his cock to a  full
erection and let Tanya measure it.  Sure enough, it was a  full
three inches longer than earlier that night when she fucked  him
during the blackout.

"So your name is really Orgasi?" asked Tanya.

"Yes, but I like Pam.  I think I will keep it as a name  while I
am in your world."

"Ok, then Pam it is," said Greg.

After a few more fondles and kisses, the gang exited the den  for
the kitchen and put together a hefty breakfast.  The sun had  just
appeared over the horizon and bathed the island in its warm  rays.
Pam marveled at the beauty as she gazed out the window.

They all went upstairs to get some rest, with all six  clamoring
into Jess's overly large bed.  There they stayed until  lunchtime,
when they began to stir.

"I want to see this stump," declared Jess as they all rolled  out
of bed.

"Me too," echoed the three girls.

They all went downstairs and then outside.  A short walk  into the
woods brought them to the stump were they had found Greg  and Pam
the night before.

"It looks normal enough to me," said Ariel.

"Just a stump," said Sandy.

Just then the top began to fade as if it were disappearing.
An eerie glow seemed to shine from within the wood itself.
Jess  stuck his had into it.  As if he had dipped it into a pool
of  dark water, his arm disappeared at the surface.  He pulled it
out  to show it had done him no harm.  The others stood aghast at
the  sight.

"My God!" was all that was said from the four unbelievers.

"I fell into that, when it opened, and landed in Orgasi's...
excuse me... Pam's world.  Her father helped me to land safely
and I then spent what I thought to be almost a month preparing to
return.  When I found I was only gone a matter of minutes, I was
flabbergasted.  I never expected to return the same night I  left."

"This is unbelievable."  Jess shook his head and turned to  Pam.
"And all your people do all day long is fuck?"

"And suck cock, and masterbate, and eat pussy, and lick  assholes.
You name it and we specialize in it," replied Pam.

"You should feel her suck a cock, Jess.  No offense, Tanya,  but
she gives the best blowjob I've ever had."

With that, Pam knelt on the ground in front of Jess, who,  like
the rest, was still naked.  She sucked his long soft tube  into her
mouth and began sucking blood into it.  It took a very  few seconds
before his cock was hard as a rock and buried in  Pam's throat.

She pulled it into her mouth until her face was buried in  the mound
of pubic hair at its base.  Her hands fondled the sack  of balls
that hung so delicately below.  During the ecstasy, her  fingers
found their way to his asshole and began reaming it.   Slowly she
then pulled her head back from Jess's belly and the  his dick slid
from her mouth against the resistance of her  sucking.  When only
the head was still in her, she lashed out  with her tongue and
nibbled gently with her teeth.

As Jess went wild, she reversed the procedure and began  blowing
out as she forced her head toward his pelvis.  The stiff  rod fought
against the pressure and slid into the warm wetness of  her mouth,
pausing only slightly as she swallowed the head and  continued to
force it down her throat.

For twenty minutes, Tanya, Sandy, Ariel, and Greg watched as
Pam, with her vast knowledge of sexual technique, kept Jess from
climaxing until she was ready.  Jess was nearly to the fainting
stage of sexual pleasure when she finally gave her last effort.
With amazing quickness, she pumped her head up and down on Jess's
dick, then pulled it of out of her mouth and used her hands to  help
a massive load of cum squirt from the throbbing mass of  stiff flesh.
The semen splashed all over her smiling face and  ran slowly down her
cheeks and chin.  She kept squeezing and  rubbing his prick as more
and more sperm shot from the head.   Soon her face and upper body
were covered with the slippery,  sticky, white, and warm liquid.

She dropped her hands from his Jess's cock and rubbed the  cum
over her own breasts.  Scraping a handful of the sperm down  to her
vagina, she proceeded to rub it into her pussy lips and  all over her
clit.  Soon she gave herself an orgasm as wonderful  as she had given
to Jess.  The other four just watched her in  loving amazement.

"She would be great in a movie!" was all that was said for  several
minutes.

"Let's do it then!" said Greg.  "I'd love to fuck her on  film.
That way I could see what she was doing to me to make me  feel
so good."

Arm in arm, they all returned to the mansion.

NINETEEN

Over the next week, the five castaways put together a movie  with Pam
as the star.  Everyone played a part in it and everyone  had all the
fucking they could get.  Then one day, during outdoor  shooting,
Jess was pumping his huge thick dick rapidly into Pam's  pussy
and just as he pulled out and let loose a wad of cum all  over her
dripping cunt, a plane was heard overhead.  They quickly  ran to
the castle and dressed.  Pam borrowed some clothes from  Tanya who
was the closest in size.  But even at that, Pam's  breasts pulled
tightly at the buttons holding the blouse somewhat  closed.  This was
another new experience for Pam, who had never  worn clothing.

When the plane landed, several police officers from Miami  stepped
off along with Roger.  Roger finally felt guilty about  leaving
the island and went to the police.  After a short  investigation
the police determined that Dave Rothman was the  killer, which
also helped them to clear up a few deaths, and  other crimes, back
in Florida.  His body as well as the others  were removed from the
huge refrigerator, where Jess and the  others had stored them, and
loaded onto the plane.  Jess made  arrangements for Roger to have
his own plane sent to the island  and the police and Roger left.

They all went back to the mansion after watching the plane  take off.
A few hours later, Jess and Greg had the last of the  exposed film
developed.  They all had something to eat and then  congregated in
the den.

"Well, we have one more night here before my plane arrives,  so
let's make the most of it," Jess said as he reached under the  bar
in the den for a bottle of champagne.

They all cheered.

"Let's watch our movie!" shouted Ariel.  "I want to see a  cock in
my cunt!"

Pam was also anxious to see the film -- another new  experience.

As they all sipped on the champagne, Jess brought out  several
bottles from under the bar.  Greg restocked the ice chest  and then
sat down to roll several joints of Roger's great pot.   When Greg
finished rolling a handful, he stashed them near  several ashtrays
which were scattered about the room.  By this  time Jess had threaded
the film through the projector and was  ready to begin the show.

During all this, the four girls were engaged in an all  female daisy
chain.  Each one had her mouth busily attached to  another's pussy.
Ariel, who was being eaten by Pam, was  obviously experiencing a
climax as she had never had before.  Pam  and Tanya were having
a good time also, as Sandy had her face  buried quite deeply
in Tanya's cunt, but Ariel was moaning and  writhing the most.
She had the good fortune of having Pam eat  her.

Greg and Jess broke the chain in two places and inserted  themselves
leaving Pam to work on Ariel.  Ariel managed to suck  Greg's cock
into her mouth and set about trying to give him as  much pleasure
as Pam was giving her.  Greg licked at Sandy's cunt  and Tanya
sucked Jess's dick.  Jess rounded out the daisy chain  by lapping
wonderfully at Pam's clit.

When the action died down, Jess went to turn on the  projector as
the others each lit a joint.  Jess brought back  several drinks and
passed them around.  Then they sat back in  each others arms to watch
the movie.  Several times during the  showing of the unedited film
a wad of cum or a shriek of orgasmic  pleasure would interrupt the
viewing.  At the end, an orgy, to  match something out of Sexualiti,
began and lasted for several  hours.  Pam felt right at home.

TWENTY

Months later after Jess had time to edit their movie, the  six
friends met at Jess's penthouse in New York to celebrate the  success
it had at the box office.  In a very short time it had  passed
all competitors to become the highest grossing X-rated  movie
of all time.  They each made millions of dollars with much  more
expected as it continued to play around the world.

In the meantime Pam went on to become the most sought after  sex
star in the industry.  She became the definition of 'Sex  Machine'
and never failed to show her expertise at gatherings of  her fans.

"Fuck me, Greg!  I need a cock!  I haven't sucked a cock or  even
had a fuck in over a day.  I need sex now!"  Pam attacked  Greg as
she entered the penthouse.

They proceeded to give the other four a grand sex show for  the
next twenty minutes, until Greg shot a massive wad of cum  into
her cunt.  She used her pussy muscles to suck every last  drop
out of his prick before letting him up.  When they had  finished,
the others removed their clothes and an orgy began.   This seemed
to be what happened every time any of them got  together.

Over the next several years they made quite a few more  movies,
all of which became box office hits.  They even went to  Sexualiti
as a group after figuring a way to make the journey  less risky
and a little easier.

Soon they were making regular trips into the underworld of  sex from
Bridgewell Island and bringing back some of Pam's  friends, who were
eager to screw in front of cameras.  Bridgewell  Productions grew
as did the fortunes of the Jess Bridgewell,  Sandy Tarly, Tanya I.
Tyson, Ariel Kimberly, Greg Up, and Pam.

The End
--
